3	Here's a nice brand new Buffet!  Blue Pacific here is the reincarnation of China Star Super Buffet, with the same owners.  They have revamped the place but kept the floor plan pretty much the same as it was before.  There are about 120 food choices, plus sauces & dressings.  There's Sushi, Mongolian style BBQ with four meats and pretty much the usual array of dishes for a Chinese Buffet.  The balance of salad, main course & dessert items was good, & there were 5 flavors of real ice cream.     :-)Norm R. joined me for lunch here today for the Grand Opening & although all of the food items were tasty, they were slow in getting everything out after opening time.  I suspect they will get that smoothed out within a few days but it costs them a Star for the time being.     :-)Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $5.99/$5.39 Sr.
3	I had lunch here with Rand H. shortly after this super buffet opened in the building that used to be China Star. The signs outside emphasized seafood and so it was a bit disappointing to find out that though there were indeed several seafood items offered, the number and variety of seafood dishes were not any more than would be found in a regular super buffet. The food was mostly good, though I could not say that it is any better than what was offered in China Star, the previous incarnation of this place. I was also anticipating a good variety of sushi but again, the sushi items were no greater in variety than in a regular buffet, and most of them had cream cheese in it - sacrilege for those who like properly made sushi. In all, it was an OK dining experience. Not great, but good enough to consider repeat visits.
1	Won't be going back.  They have replaced all their vegetable dishes with many versions of bland seafood.  Started several things but had to leave them on my plate because they did not have any flavor.  Great service but bad food
3	I don't know why the other reviewers were so unhappy.  It could be that some of the bumps have been smoothed out by now.  The sushi bar had a lot of variety and it was good - but yeah Sushi 101 - it is, however, a buffet - so I was happy with what they had.  The dim sum choices were adequate.  The boneless b-b-q ribs were amazing and the coconut shrimp was good.  Hot/Sour soup was the only really disappointing thing I served myself.  There were plenty of seafood choices including oysters, but I didn't try those - I am goosey about oysters in buffets - any buffets.  Endless beverage - senior discount.  The desserts were nothing to write home about.  I like the ice cream idea, but there were tons of little kids trying to scoop their own ice cream - and I imagined all those little germs scattering themselves all over the ice cream.  I ate some anyway - I understand why places like these go to soft-serve and I am hoping that Blue Pacific doesn't.  I only tried about 8 of the 120 some-odd choices - they even had roast beef and french fries!  Oh - the rice - yeah - that was a downer.  Cheap, nasty rice, which was  a shame because the dishes I tried were really, really good - once I tasted the rice (a bit tough and not at all fragrant) I didn't put any under my food.  I will go back.  There were many dishes I wanted to try but I was so stuffed it was impossible to do so.  With our senior discount (10%), we paid 22 bucks and change for dinner and endless soda.  Better than Olive Garden with its supposedly endless breadsticks (which are, if you can find a server to bring you more) and all the salad you can eat (same problem as above).
4	OK, all those 3 star reviews are when you think A-OK, which so far really suits this buffet. I gave it 4 for promise it initially showed, & I hope they read the constructive reviews. We were excited at opening, & since, & had high hopes it would continue. The food is still great for the price, better than the old China Star they replaced. They offer a variety of hot foods, including potstickers, dim sum & soups, but now a lot of the more interesting main dishes they had when they opened have been replaced by less flavorful ordinary fare; a lot of pasta/krab, the wonderful shrimp in fancy sauces now smaller shrimp in garlic sauce week in week out, & even the better standard dishes, like the chicken are not resupplied. The enchiladas & pizza for KIDS & others not into the asian fare go fast & the pizza like cheap frozen store stuff with few toppings, greasy yet dry & overdone. My kids won't eat it. The fresh fruits in their DESERT bar have been unripe, & less to choose from. If it's green/unripe,don't serve it. I hope it's a temporary supply issue, as their pineapple oranges & melon were so nice through the holidays. They used to have six flavors of ice cream, but the last two times there was no green tea ice cream, the strawberry & chocolate were empty, as was the sherbet, & what was left was so hard it took the kids 20 minutes to dig up a dish. The SUSHI bar was stellar when they opened, great variety, and you could request hand-rolls. Now you are lucky if you can find anyone to understand english, & it seems the "sushi" is relegated to fake krab & salmon. The cooked salmon 'sushi rolls' had bones in them last visit, & we had a hard time finding anyone that understood english to alert them. They had tuna but only spicy mush & with raw salmon, & did not want to make any tuna rolls for us until I got someone & explained WHY we wanted something - anything - that didn't have salmon! They have a HOT GRILL that is nice for a change, especially when you tire of the same old hot entrees. I hope they can bring back the more special dishes, at least one or two, once in a while! Blue Pacific was one of the best asian buffets in Phoenix when they opened, at any price, & a phenomenal deal at $9 until recently, when I'm afraid they've started to cut corners. I'd rather pay a little more to get the great variety of food & service they served initially. Blue Pacific showed such promise & started out so good, I gave it a "4" & still hoping for more. If not I'm afraid I'd have to downgrade to a 3, or worse.
4	I ate here today for dinner when a friend mentioned having a coupon. The place was really clean and had a nice atmosphere to it. They had a big selection with a nice amount of food on the buffet - enough so that you'll get some of a dish, but small enough that it won't get all cold and gross. I had the usual fare - orange chicken, bbq pork, general tso, some teriyaki chicken thing, crap puffs, rice noodles....hm...they also have potstickers and various eggrolls and sides, hell yea. There was this weird squishy dumpling thing with black bean paste? I could eat a thousand.The guy did charge me for two sodas when one of us had a water. Not a big deal but I didn't realize til after so I coerced my friend into taking it instead of water/being healthy, because I am an evil fatty and have no shame. :D What stood out to me were those steamed bbqpork dumpling...things. Holy shit, I've never had one before, I cried tears of joy. they were fresh and honestly I'll be going back to have some more, especially if they have them at the lunch buffet.
3	ok-So it has been open for several months and tried it finally for Fathers daySoI will say I have never seen so many choices on a Buffet and Made Golden Corral look like leftovers after a Walmart grocery yard saleI will keep it briefAsian Cuisine was awesomeTeriyaki ChickenOrange ChickienPot stickers were a little lackingSeafood Shrimp for the most part were not badHead on,... a little sketchyMussels on the Half shell....AWESOMECrab of all sorts lacking and strange crab legs looked like they have been steamed for 2 days, were 1/10 the size... Like not worth even cracking, no taste.My son I have never seen a 16 year old concentrating so hard, I looked over at him and he "Actually Drooled" and never knew it.OVER ALL FATHERS DAY WAS A CRAZY DAY It was a great time people watching and trying interesting looking foods.
2	The sushi was less than thrilling.The mongolian grill was decent.The wontons fell apart.The selection was fairly extensive, but the food appeared to have been out for a bit.I would not return of my own choosing.
4	I was extremely impressed by the cleanliness of this restaurant.  We went at 5:00 pm on a Thursday and the food was fresher than many of the Chinese buffets we have been to.  A huge variety of tastes and colors and fairly priced.  I got much more than I expected.
5	I love buffetts! For the price, this is the best place I've found. I go more for volume, but enjoy the choices so much, I freel I'm getting some darn good tasting food. I can eat healthy with a variety of fruits, veggies, fish,beef, pork, great noodle choices, and on and on. The help is friendly, courtious and give great, fast service. Sometimes some parents let the kids loose or be loud more than they should, but If I just can learn to be a more patient man, I can enjoy the food and workers even more. I try to go there at least once a week. I hope I never get burned out on it. I see a large percentage of Asian diners, so that says a lot to me about the authenticity of the food......lot's of steam coming from under the heating pans....good sign too. Lovin' it!!
2	I was not impressed and ive been to many chinese buffets.    The selection was not that large.    The lomein was very blah.     Deserts were awful.    Canned fruit and little cakes that tasted as if that sat for 3 days.   I love chinese food but this really wasnt that good.   My son enjoyed it but this is the 1st chinese place I didnt care for
3	Drove by here a million times and it had decent reviews so we decided to try it out this weekend.It was okay. Like half of what i tried was pretty good...the other half not much. This is a buffet so my expectations were low. Good thing is, there was a lot of selection and once i figured out what i liked i rolled with it..Turns out the sushi was pretty damn good...and not on the first round because i just grabbed the few pieces that were out, and they tasted clearly as if they had been out a while....So there i sat..watching...waiting...hoping...and yes finally- Sushi man came and put out a few freshly cut rolls. I got up and hoarded like half of it....Redemption for this place. (Redemption saved them from 1 or 2 stars)So if sushi is your thing, here's my tip: Get a table where you can keep an eye on the sushi counter, and patiently wait for new rolls to come out...be selfish and don't worry about the rest of the patrons.
4	Went here on a whim w/ my companion last sat 2 try it out. Last time I'd been here was w/ an associ8 back when it used 2 b China Star. Seemed pretty much the same setup/layout except w/ a sushi bar & more of a dessert selection. They also had tapioca but I didn't partake of any due 2 the color looking a bit 'off'. Coulda been the lighting but chose not 2 risk it.   The interior is pretty decent 4 what it is, better than other buffet places & w/o the stinky carpet! I Remember when this used 2 b a Red Lobster back in the day b4 China *. At the entrance they have a nice li'l area where u can c all the beautiful Koi fish swimming around. A child or (kid~@~heart's) delight ~ a li'l boy was having a ball, screeching w/ excitement.   We chose a booth in the corner, which was our mistake as we were ignored 4 most of our time there (or Maybe unseen if giving more benefit of the doubt, even tho the demeanor of the so~called server(s) w/ the exception of 1(whom we ensured got our tip) makes the 1st st8ment more likely. We kept getting scratched up because both our booth seats were ripped & the attempted tape on the 1 side kept sticking more 2 his skin than covering what was intended. Perhaps they got that way as a result of 2 many who gorged themselves there. Hee~hee   Anyhoo, the place has about 100 or more selections of entrees, soups, all fave appetizers 2 pick & choose from, most of them being seafood items of course, hence it's name but there's also veggies, fruit, noodles, salads, toppings, ice creams, cakes & all vari8ions of meats 4 the carnivores . The sushi bar is off seper8ly as expected 4 cold items & has a picture board 2 help identify the different kinds & their contents. This turned out 2 b my favor8 4 the california rolls (iniri was pretty good 2)!  I might have missed it or perhaps was a little overwhelmed by all the choices but was disappointed I couldn't find the wasabi which I'd usually blend w/ a little water/soy sauce 2 lessen it's kick. Even w/o sauce they were really good, just would have enjoyed it even more w/ it.   The only thing I'd do differently (other than sitting @ a different booth) is 2 get there when they open 2 enjoy everything @ their freshest, but really can't complain as it's equivalent 2 a Golden Corral w/ more of an oriental flair & a vast array of seafood dishes @ a decent price! And of course we'll look 4 the pretty latino gal ~ the only Nice/real 'server' we encountered, who saw we were w8ing 4 refills & immedi8ly tended 2 that as she just came in 4 her shift. Will get her name on a future visit & this place is defin8ly a nice option 2 have in the area... we left stuffed! So if u like 2 experiment, sampling several different things 4 ur palate, this might b the perfect place 4 u 2 do so...
3	This place doesn't have a huge selection but for the price
3	Blue Pacific Super Buffet is located on a convenient corner (Dunlap and 35th Ave) on the westside.  Inside has an easy access layout with about 5-6 islands of food.  Good-sized no doubt, but the servings are just okay.  I would only recommend you eat there if you're on your way home and don't want to bother cooking.They earn a fair grade for their use of labeling.  Half of the dishes had no names and for my palette, not too many trays looked appetizing.  Many were lukewarm, the fries were cold, veggies were overly greasy, most fruit was from cans, desserts tasted like the cheap brands.  The kimchi was good.  Egg rolls were good (no meat).The only meat I tried was the salmon.  I waited until they brought out a fresh salmon fillet.  First bite, not the best; it had a strange texture.  Second bite - is this really salmon?  Third bite...uh uh uh...spit it out and didn't take another.  The color and taste were off.   Unfortunately, that's the sour bite that ended my lunch and I walked away forgetting to leave a tip for the bus boy/girl.  Woops, sorry Blue Pacific.
4	Very good.  Clean restaurant.  Tasty muscles, clams, oysters, crab, and shrimp.  great and oh that strawberry ice cream!
