2	Made a reservation 2 weeks in advance for a 1 way from the airport.  The price came in too high, so I called to cancel.  The gentleman said that they would honor the same price as a cab, so I went ahead with the reservation.The day of the pick up - I was 30 minutes late on my arrival flight and NO ONE was waiting for me!  I was on a very tight schedule, so that's why I chose them over a cab!  I had to wait - when I specified that my flight came in at X time and I was on X flight!  They told me that they would track my flight and be there waiting for me NONE of which happened!VERY DISAPPOINTED in this service!!!!Only kudo I can give out is that the driver was great once he finally picked me up!
5	I had a great experience with Executive Car Service.  I had to change my Monday morning pick up time to an earlier time last minute and they rearranged driver schedules in order to accommodate me even though Monday mornings are their busiest days.  The friendly driver showed up on time (actually early) and the car was very clean.  I would definitely use them again.
4	I was in a jam as my car in the parking lot at Charlotte Airport broke down after midnight the night before the storm.   I called the kiddos and they said that it would be about 15 minutes to get somebody to the airport. Considering I thought I was going to be there all night that was a bargain. Driver arrived when he said he would and where he said he would.  The price from the airport to Matthews was not cheap but given my alternative and how friendly and efficient the driver Michael was I would book executive again with no hesitation.
5	I just wanted to write a review and thank ECS for the service you provided during my wife's incredibly crazy travel ordeal on 10/31. Your tenacity and the driver's attention to my wife's plight was nothing short of amazing!!! She was away for nearly 2 weeks dealing with a death in the family and the process of grieving, along with liquidating assets from the estate. Mentally & physically exhausted, she began her journey home from NY to Charlotte at 12 noon. After dealing with a connection and long lay over in Philly, she was finally on the last leg of the journey back to Charlotte at 7:30pm. Due to bad weather, he flight was rerouted to Raleigh and this was a huge let down; she was breaking down emotionally. How was she getting back to Charlotte at 10pm when the Charlotte airport was closed?! Your driver, who's name we don't recall, made it is personal mission to not only get her home but he was a great emotional supporter. This gentleman was prepared to drive to Raleigh and make sure she made it home. We believed him too! That helped her clam down and realize that this was going to be O-K! At last, the airline arranged for the plane to fly from Raleigh back to Charlotte, where your driver was at the ready and determined to get her home as quick as possible. This driver is a true angel and the service provide by Executive Car Service was WAY beyond our expectations - all for the quoted price! 3 hours late and nothing but amazing service. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!
