1	Unfortunately you can't give negative stars...or less than 1.  WORST SERVICE EVER!Service my wife and I received was so bad that I decided to pay the $200 cancellation fee JUST to get away from them!  Both times my wife and I went in, we were forced to wait around and both times and was rudely greeted and "helped" by the manager.  I found out that this is a corporate Sprint store...they could care less if you're happy or not.  I even sent a nasty gram on Sprint's website and got an email back from an Executive VP advising that they were going to look in on this and fix the problems.
4	As a longtime Sprint subscriber I remember a time where I would avoid Sprint customer service at the corporate store in favor of waiting 30 minutes to talk to a phone rep. reason? at least i wouldn't have to deal with mediocre customer service face to face. Anywho ever since the new CEO of Sprint took over in 2008, I have to admit, customer service in person and on the phone has changed substantially. Finally you have reps who help you with your problems and are willing to assist. I went to this location a couple months back when I preordered my Samsung Epic, staff were courteous and ready to answer my questions without attitude. Although attitude can creep up later in the day and that's unavoidable at times if you're just having a crappy day or been dealing with inept customers, i digress and it seems I'm a sprint apologist but i'm not. So, this location had Sprint reps that ensured the transfer of my contacts from my pre to my epic went smoothly and ensured that I walked out the store with my new epic in hand without problems. I have to mention to all the sprint haters out there, Sprint has changed from bad service to good customer service and satisfaction. And now, I would prefer to go in store rather than on the phone because at least this time there's an actual person who is willing to assist, and no need for over the phone surveys =)
2	I am a current Sprint customer.  The service at this store when I arrived to question my upgrade and choices was not up to par. First off, I was YELLED AT (not told) that someone will be right with me as soon as I walked in, almost as if it was just something that needed to be said and crossed off the list versus a genuine statement.  But, whatever, right?  I nodded, smiled, and walked around the store and waited patiently.  And waited.  And waited.  And waited.  And as the other customer that was there before me was being helped, I noticed that the store looked friggin AWESOME!  I played with all the phones, checked out their really cool displays, read some literature.  Then, my stomach was reeeally growling and I realized I was still waiting.  When I looked up the associate who had yelled at me earlier, I saw she was joking around with the customer and talking about an "apartment"?  That's when I stood and stared in disbelief, hoping she would notice me and possibly care that I was there for business and not social fulfillment.  She did not notice.  She kept on talking.  At that point I decided to just walk out and go to another Sprint store that I knew would give me better service, even if it was a further drive.  Or maybe that Verizon store .......
