5	I've hear lot of my friends talk about this taco place. I finally decide to try it. All I can say it's WOW! The food is amazing very authentic. The tacos, the burritos etc. definitely a place to come back. Hard to find  a place that has great prices with great food! The staff very friendly the food was delicious the salsas are ridiculous good! a place like this it's hard to find. The only think I don't like about this place is, it is too far away from my house :( but whenever i'm around this area I'm definitely grabbing either breakfast lunch or dinner here! Good job whoever open this place!!!
5	Best Mexican I have ever had short of mi abuela's food! :) and the staff is amazing! I love Mexican and I'm a tough critic so this is really a great place you must experience! Looks like fast food from the outside so I was skeptical but it is worth coming in!
5	The tacos were very yummy! Never written a review before on yelp, but this place is definitely worth checking out.
5	Authentic and delicious food! We were in LV for EDC and looking for something different than the usual fast food etc. Saw the great Yelp reviews and rolled over to Tacos LV.  Our expectations were exceeded! Felt like home as we entered and had a warm welcome from behind the counter. Friendly staff all around. Relaxed atmosphere with TV on, our food was brought to our table with a smile. We got the special that day, 3 tacos with rice and beans. Delightful and Tacos LV has their own homemade hot sauce/salsa ! And to top it off I was able to get Mexican Coke to go with my meal. The plaza they are located in is set back from the main road, but don't give up this place is a hidden gem ! We will def return when in LV again!!
1	Just drove 12 miles to get to Tacos LV, based on 5 Star recommendations, and it has closed. It is not there anymore and the phone number has been reassigned.
4	Went to Tacos el Gordo and it was so full we decided to go somewhere else. We came here since we seen it had opened the dining room. The service was good and food was great. The huarache was delicious and the tacos were good too.
