4	The Greenway Grill is around the corner from my school in a rather industrial neighborhood close to the Scottsdale Airport. Their primary business seems to be delivery to local businesses. So I called to see if they could cater an event I was hosting at the school last weekend, and even though they are not normally open on Saturdays, this husband and wife team came in to do our 150+ boxed lunches. They accommodated a number of preferences and sensitivities from vegan to gluten free to dairy free, and did it all at a reasonable price. The sandwiches were hearty and tasty, on good bread, and came with a cookie, chips, and condiments. They arrived on time and everything that was made for the special diets was clearly labeled and explained to the volunteers staffing the lunch. Thanks, Greenway Grill, for making lunch at my students' convention one less thing I had to worry about!
3	The hidden away Greenway Grill and Deli came under new management this past January and has improved immensely. They don't have the most culinary creative menu but it's pretty yummy food at a cheap price. If you are looking for a fast, cheap lunch that's a step up from the regular fast food- this is a good place to get it. The menu ranges from Philly cheese steaks to a soup and salad combo and they serve breakfast all day long (well until they close at 2 p.m.) The owners are usually in the restaurant greeting guest and working the grill. They are very friendly and truly appreciate the business that they get.
4	One word "cheap".
1	My office mates and I used to order from this place on the regular but we noticed the last couple orders left us all feeling unwell after eating. We knew it wasn't a coincidence as we would all order completely different items but within half an hour of eating our lunch, everyone who ordered would be feeling slightly ill. Because of this, we decided as a group to not get delivery from here anymore. We just figured it was a spice or something that wasn't agreeing with us as the food always looked great when it arrived. A few weeks after this decision, I saw that someone had posted a review regarding a large order their office placed and the obvious mold spots on the food. They posted pictures along with an account of how Johnny reacted to their pointing it out. (see filtered reviews). After seeing the pictures of the moldy food, it clicked in my head why my office mates and I always felt queasy after eating. I was beyond horrified to say the least. I really like Johnny as he is  a champ on the phone and always gave us GREAT  service but I just can't eat their food again after seeing those mold photos and after my office experienced the stomach issues. Goodbye Greenway Deli :(
5	I frickin LOVE their food.  I have never been disappointed. My entire team orders from them pretty regularly and I've gotten nothing but delicious food at a good price.  Keep it up Greenway!  I'm eating their Spinach Melt with Tomato Basil soup and this is super yummy!
4	Yummy! We were not expecting lunch to be as good as it was but were pleasantly surprised...very beautifully presented and delicious!
5	We have been ordering from here for the past few weeks and ALWAYS get the best food, service and delivery.  The food is always warm and delicious!!  Whenever anyone mentions that they are ordering from Greenway Grill and Deli, there is usually a line of people waiting to add their order.  Wonderful food at wonderful prices!!  Thank you Greenway Grill and Deli!!
1	Not very many places deliver early in the morning near my office.  I ordered here in the past and the owner was very rude on the phone and when he dropped off the food.  I figured he was just having a bad day but it happened again and now I refuse to order from here.  There are many other options close by from people who truly want the business.  Also the food will make you sick.  I thought it was just me but apparently not from other reviews.
1	Delivery driver Jonathan was extremely rude to an employee after we have supported this business and chosen this restaurant over others. Our company of 300+ will no longer be ordering from Greenway Deli. Though I tried to call to speak to the owner, the call went straight to the driver's cell phone and I was told to "lose his number". My "star" rating would have been a negative if the choice were there.
1	I would have no idea how the food is... Whoever answers the phone has horrible customer service skills. Pretty much sounded like he doesnt care for any business.... They do NOT have the correct menu ANYWHERE. He said GrubHub. Couldnt even find them there. WHY DONT YOU UPDATE YOUR WEBSITE!? Its not right on Yelp and its not right on his OWN webpage. Ive heard that the prices are much higher then what is on his webpage.  This guy needs help. With everything it seems. Wish I could tell you what the food tasted like but we never get the chance to order.... Save your time. Look some where else.
