5	A tattoo body piercing venue filled with folks that are hardcore about body modifications.  The dark store was decorated with tribal masks; very fitting, seeing that these people were the real originators of the art form.  There are comfy red couches in the lobby for partners of body piercing lovers or just worried parents.  The glasswork for the gauged piercing was impressive.  This is a huge step up from Ink Link, you can tell that the employees are truly obsessed with their craft, and that is always a plus when you are allowing someone else to puncture your body.  No one greeted me, but that was probably because I appeared as an outsider.
5	Sadu is a classy place. There's no tattooing happening here...these folks are purely piercing professionals. I like that approach...so often, piercing is kind of thrown in as a side-gig to make tattoo shops a little extra money at low cost, almost as an after thought. The Sadu folks take piercing very seriously, and they are committed to offering the best service and products in the industry.From aftercare products to a fabulous collection of really interesting jewelry, Sadu is the cutting edge in piercing. I don't think I'd let anyone else in the area stick needles through my skin.
5	SADU is exquisite. i mean like, make me go back and re-evaluate all my other reviews amazing. first of all the venue is the SHIAT...totally sensous decor and environment. incense burning, velvety, vampy...tribal meets 'boutique". very clean.  totally extraordinary jewelry choices. corinna (i think that was her name) was a gem. YOU WANT TO BE PIERCED BY THIS WOMAN. its a shame when someone who's warm, thoughtful, service oriented and non-judgemental stands out as special but hey, those are the times we live in. PLUS her piercings were beautiful =).i looked this place up on yelp since i was in from out of town..and it far exceeded my expectations. there was none of that  gruff..."i'm cooler than you are" vibe that you get in some places. she was working alone so i had to wait maybe 15 minutes to be seen while other people made purchases and got advice, and someone came in during the set up for my piercings so there was a bit of an interruption there but i wasn't in a hurry and it was SUCH a comfortable setting that it honestly didn't bother me. she seemed so devoted and knowledgeable about her craft that i felt completely relaxed. i don't know if i'll be getting any more piercings but if i do, i wish there was a place like this in chicago.
5	Only those seeking piercings need enter here.  No tattoos.  These chicks take their chosen art form seriously and are very professional.  They are happy to answer any questions.  We took my niece here for her bellybutton piercing, and the ladies couldn't have been cooler to work with.  I even bought two more for my own while waiting. If you want piercings, PLEASE get it done here and not at a tat shop where piercing is sometimes an afterthought.
4	I had a great experience at Sadu's. It was easy to find and there is a free public parking lot across the street. Corrina did my piercing and did a super job. The cost was reasonable and the product she recommended to aid the healing process was well worth it.It's obvious that Corrina is talented! She is confident and efficient. Having had a painful past nose piercing experience I was a bit nervous to get it re-pierced but she talked me thru it and it was over in no time. I would go back to her in a heartbeat if/when I wanted another piercing bc it's clear this is a clean, safe place with talented staff members.The only con and the sole reason I gave it 4/5 stars was bc the customer service didn't win me over.
5	Sumptuous and inviting, Sadu makes piercing an experience, not just something to do when you're kinda high. As noted by others, there is precisely one thing on offer here, and it's done amazingly well. With 18 piercings, I've been subject to some crummy experiences - an attempt to pierce cartilage using a piercing gun, a piercer who decided to gauge my perforations without discussing with me (and thereby, my approval or authorisation) - which is why once I had Corrina pierce me, I've never gone anywhere else. 3 snugs, a daith, a rook, nostril, and two nipple piercings - and not a single infection, keloid, or  healing problem among them. Beyond all of that, you have the shop itself - a velvet-covered lounge, richly painted walls, burning incense, enchanting soundscapes, and an exquisite selection of jewelry bring it to an entirely different level. Yeh, you'll pay a little more, but when it comes to body modification, I would rather have ti done right than cheaply.
5	My family and I love this place!!!  We travel from Orlando and Charleston to get our piercing needs, and also to purchase some of the best jewelry on the market.  Every experience in this shop is fantastic!  The last time we were there, which was just last week, the owner was by herself, and the people just kept coming in.  She handled herself and the situation very professionally.  She was able to help all of us, without anyone feeling ignored.  Not only help us, but explain certain aspects of piercing that other piercing places have not been able to do.  I highly recommend this place for all your piercing needs, and can't wait until we are back in Charlotte so I can get some more awesome jewelry.  Thanks, Sadu, you really make piercing an experience!!!
4	When I was younger, I made the mistake of getting the top of my ear pierced at some joint in the mall. The piercing, regardless of how much I cleaned it and tended to it, was intensely painful and became infected. Needless to say, I took it out and was afraid to get another piercing. Then a couple of years later, I decided to get my nose pierced. My mom and I looked around, and found Sadu to be the most comfortable and clean. The women who work there are always friendly and informative. I went back and got my navel pierced there as well. My best friend got went there for her tongue piercing, as well as her marilyn. The pricing for the piercing is very reasonable, and well worth it. I have never had any post-piercing issues from Sadu, and still-- over 6 years later-- am thoroughly pleased with my piercings from there! I highly recommend this place to anyone considering piercing their body!
1	I was torn about leaving a negative review, as in the past I've had incredibly positive experiences with six different piercings at Sadu.  However, after thinking back on today's events I feel compelled to issue a stern warning.  Since Autumn left last fall, it seems as though the staff has been different each time I went in for work.  This in itself is not an issue, why I write is to offer you warning that your experience will likely be ruined by the inhospitable staff who excel in condescension while offering a ham-handed piercing technique.  After having both nipples pierced, a labret, an industrial, nose-ring, tongue, and ears spaced, and a multitude of other piercings, I am aware of what to expect when I decide to do further body modification.  The staff that was working was, simply put, rude.  They were discussing disdainfully the questions that earlier clients had tendered and when they did take a break from verbally assailing these customers to help me they were short and discourteous.  Since I was there for a tragus and not to make friends I tried to dismiss this effrontery.  While the mood temporarily lightened once I went back for the piercing, the young lady with dreadlocks couldn't help but talk about herself for the entire time coming off as narcissistic and  somewhat arrogant.  Again, I soldiered on as I was terribly excited about the piercing despite the staff.  If the verbal treatment of the staff wasn't sufficient to turn me off to Sadu permanently the piercer's brutish handling lacked any semblance of finesse.   So I  would give her skills  five stars -- five stars that had each collapsed into a black hole and merged to form the largest black hole in the universe.  If you cannot afford a professional dominatrix to mistreat you I would thoroughly recommend Sadu, if on the other hand you are looking for a positive lasting experience I would go elsewhere.p.s.   to be completely fair they have great jewelry, but nothing you can't find online for the same price.  Good luck.
4	I have had several wonderful experiences with SADU. I had two piercings done here, and my results have been flawless. I echo the reviewers who tout the sensational staff who offer expert advice and aesthetic suggestions. These guys (and gals) really know their stuff. Equipment is always sanitized, and Corinna makes sure to explain each step of the process, from measuring to marking to piercing, which eases my nervousness about needles and pointy things.SADU came highly recommended from a friend, and it's my first recommendation to everyone who mentions wanting body/cartilage piercing.My only qualm is that occasionally, those staffing the counter can be somewhat indifferent to customer service and helping those who aren't part of the piercing culture. However, their selection of bones, rings, studs etc. exceeds all expectations.If you're expecting a Claire's style piercing experience, please do yourself a favor and leave the flower power at home. All in all, it's the only place to go for piercing. Tell them the fainting girl sent you! ;)
5	Got my nose pierced here years ago...and I continue to go there to get my jewelry. Professional, knowledgeable and sanitary. I also liked the fact that even though I wasn't getting anything major, they never make u feel like you're out of place. So they do everything from dainty girly stuff to more dramatic stuff. I highly recommend!
4	Sadu is a clean, professional business specializing only in piercings.  The shop feels comfortable, trending towards bordeaux-like with the scent of incense in the air. Everything is autoclaved, all paperwork is kept neatly and the piercers double check the placement you want before even beginning to open the wrappers. I've had two piercings done here, had another gauged out and bought several pieces of jewelry. Corinna has always been patient and helpful, especially when I take forever choosing beads for captive bead rings. After getting a rook piercing they had me sit down and brought me green tea to sip on until I felt solid enough to venture out. My only complaint is that sometimes they close for lunch or are out of the shop at unexpected times. For me, this usually just means a little time to hang out at Nova's next door and grab a coffee and a pastry.If you're considering a piercing go here and have a true professional do it, not Claire's, Walmart or even a tattoo parlor where it's not the main focus. You'll be happy you did.
5	I'm a mom of 3 and work at a bank and I still felt extremely comfortable at this place.  It's very clean and inviting inside and the staff is extremely professional, warm and SME's in piercing!  I would even bring my kids here to get their ears pierced vs. going to Claire's where they don't know what they're doing, not to mention that place is a rip off.  As a bonus, Nova's bakery is next door!
5	The very best way to go if you are considering any piercing at all. They go the extra mile and offer piece of mind and safety you just can't find anywhere.
4	I have had almost all of my piercings done here, Corina(the Owner) is always very pleasant and willing to answer any questions you have. The shop is extremely clean I've never had any problems. Anytime I need any body modifications I will go back here. I appreciate the professionalism and expertise. You will not be disappointed in your experience.
5	Got my septum done here and my navel done for the second time by Dianne. She's great. Love this place! Awesome environment and people. The only place I'll go now to get piercings.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Came here to get my nose pierced four months ago and I'm back today to get my little sister pierced and get a new piece of jewelry. Come here for any piercing if you want a clean, safe, respectful environment. Thanks Sadu piercers!
3	I was in love with SADU when I was in my first years of college. My first piercing EVER was a nape piercing, and I loved it. They did a fantastic job with the insertion, and removal when it started rejecting. Everything was very clean and the staff was pleasant to work with. However, the whole store hours issue is frustrating. They do NOT maintain regular store hours. Yes, the sign offers some hours, but of the past 15-20 times I've walked by during their "open" hours, they've only actually been open 2-3 times. It was difficult to change out the ornamental parts of the piercing since it was on the backside of my head, and it was difficult to get in contact with them to get this done. It was also difficult to get in touch with them for the removal. It's pretty poor service. Additionally, I've called several times in the past, and no one picks up or returns calls. There are several piercings that I've wanted to get done but I might just go somewhere else since it's almost impossible to get in, to see if they even have anything I like. Several friends have made similar comments so I know I'm not the only one. Very irksome.
5	This place is nothing but strictly piercing just to warn you guys ahead of time.  All in all I will give them give stars, they know their shit, and this is coming from a professional piercer like myself. Friendly service and if you know exactly what you're looking for, they know exactly what to get for you. If I feel the need for another piercing while I'm in this area, this is where I will be going.
5	Outside of my ears, I had no experience with any body modification/piercing. I wanted my nipples pierced for years and I finally mustered up the courage to do it. I researched piercing salons in my area and I found this place in that search. Just about every review was good, basically everyone was satisfied, so this was comfort to my inexperience. I got in the car and drove to the salon and shaking in my sneakers walked into this place. The apprentice gave me lots of information, made me feel completely comfortable. Diana, the piercer walked me through it. Gave me lots of information as well. Two weeks after I got pierced, the balls begin to sink into my skin, I went back to the salon and Diana was very helpful in assisting me with longer barbells. I've had a great experience at Sadu and if I decided to get anything else pierced I'd definitely go back.
4	Took a out of town friend here to get her eyebrow pierced. They were fast and she was happy. We were in and out in less then 15 minutes. I liked the antique shop next store.
5	Got my conch done here last summer. Very clean and the people are equally as friendly. I worried about keloiding, but it never did. Definitely going back.
5	These ladies are great. They pierced me, I came back with an emergency after getting help at another studio with my nose piercing (wrong gauge OUCH). They gave me a dainty one and lots of good tips on healing. They proceed to pierce with care/gentleness which is something a lot of places lack. Answered all my questions and glad to help if you come back.
5	My 6 yr old was ready for her very first piercing!  I was looking for something professional, not the usual mall piercing places.  Because it was for my little girl, safety and sanitation was priority and that I got at Sadu plus much more.I called and spoke with Cindy. She was very sweet over the phone and went over the requirements with minors. I ended up calling two more times (to make the apt and then find out parking info) and spoke with a guy named Mike who was equally courteous.  Upon arriving I was greeted and Cindy soon came to help us. She asked my daughter some questions to make sure she was ready and we went on with the process of choosing the earrings, etc.  I am beyond satisfied with our experience. Cindy explained all that was to happen as she unwrapped the tools. Oh, big plus here, the cleanliness of Sadu was impeccable. Everything was sterilized and neatly stored.  The room was clean and gloves were changed more than once during our visit to ensure cleanliness. Unfortunately, my daughter chickened out after the first lobe piercing and Cindy couldn't have been any more patient and wonderful. She went far and beyond to make her experience less frightening. Even told stories, gave my girl a Popsicle, the works!  She was just an amazing person.  Thankfully, (and after 2 hours) my daughter calmed down enough where Cindy felt comfortable piercing the second lobe.  I was so embarrassed by the delay my daughter cause and honestly I wanted to slap her for backing down after begging for pierced ears and promising she was ready.  Overall, the customer service I received exceeded my expectations!  This review is not typical but it goes to show the quality of the business in handling different clients, even children, with respect and patience.  I would give 10 stars if I could. Oh and my girl's ears look so cute and she loves them!  She can't stop talking about how happy she is to have earrings. :)
5	Took my 11 yr old daughters to have their ears pierced.  I was so impressed with  how clean and sterile everything was; exact opposite of Claire's.  Cindy  and Maddie were so friendly and patient with my girls.  This place is extremely professional.  100% recommend this place.
5	I got my nose pierced there about 5 years ago.  This year I got an industrial bar piercing and started my gauges as well. I love this place and have taken a few friends. I won't go anyplace else for piercings.  They also have a wide variety of jewelry and other items.  I lucked up and purchased an awesome spiked choker for only $5 last year. The staff is always friendly, very experienced and informative.
5	I've being coming here for the past 2 years and Dianna has pierced me every time! She's very knowledgeable and answers any question you have without hesitation! I recommend Sadu to everyone!
5	I technically should have more than one check in here, but I always get so excited going here that I always forget. I am a ball of happy when I come in and when I step out. Diana is the absolute best! She is kind, very informative, patient, and just awesome. Been there for two piercings and a few other time for some sparkly jewelry change. I have heard the rest of the staff is awesome too. You will never have disappointment when going in for a new piercing or piece of jewelry.Hell why do you think they have been here so long?!
5	My 13 year old daughter finally wanted her ears pierced and we went to SADU to get it done. I called first to get the info on minor procedures and the person on the phone answered all of my questions. Our piercer, Cindy, explained every step to her as well as talked in depth about aftercare. We will go back for any other piercing needs.
