4	A friend of mine recently found the B.O.B when we trying to arrange for transportation for a group from Old Town to the big bang on Mill. It was very convenient. We called them about 15 minutes before we wanted to get picked up. They arrived with a huge Orange van (Not bus) and took us right to the Big Bang.  Since then we have used it a couple times, and it has worked out great. Essentially, B.O.B beats a taxi when you have more than 3-4 people, and you are traveling within/between Old Town and Tempe.   The rates are very reasonable too.  If you are within Old Town, it's $2/person, $8 min.  If you go between OT and Tempe you're looking at $3/per person with a $15 minimum.  This is particularly convenient (and cheap) when you take the light rail, and you need a ride back to OT!
4	When going from Tempe to Old Town, the big orange bus is definitely the way to go.  Get a group of at least 5 people together and it's only $3 per person.  The drivers are usually very friendly (and attractive) and arrive on time!
4	I've used these guys several times in the last 5 months since discovering their existence.  If you have a group of 4 or more, it's always worth it.  We mainly use it to go from Baseline and Rural to Oldtown Scottsdale and it was only 18 bucks each way ($3 per person, minimum of $15 per trip, and we had 6 people).It doesn't make a bunch of sense for smaller groups, but we always have to order more than one cab and thus we call BOB!
4	My first time riding the Big Orange Bus was for a work offsite from Old Town to Greasewood Flats. It picked us up from both locations on time and with no problems. Most recently, we called the Big Orange Bus to pick us up in South Scottsdale to go to Mill Ave. It was a Saturday night, so we expected it to be busy and made sure to call earlier so that by the time we were ready to head out, it'd be here. They told us that they would call back in 30 min. with an update. Almost an hour later without hearing anything, we called back to see if they were still coming. The guy who answered the phone said that they had already picked us up. Sorry buddy, pretty sure you didn't since we wouldn't be calling you if you had. The driver called 5-10 min. later saying that he was almost there. For $3 a person, you really can't complain. That definitely beats taking a cab, especially if you have a bigger party. We also needed to be picked up at the end of the night and it didn't take too long for a driver to find us.I would definitely recommend them, especially if you're looking to get from Scottsdale to Mill Ave and you're with a big group. I'm not sure how much it costs for a private function where you're looking to drive a further distance. Just make sure you keep an eye on the time so they don't forget about you!
1	I am so upset. Have had great service the 3 times prior but the fact that we are a returning customer & could not get the consideration of a phone call back so I could make other plans (they check voicemail every day according to their voicemail) tells me they don't give a crap. Will never use their service again.
5	Extremely convenient way to get to and from a Cardinals game!  Highly recommend!
