4	hig quality food for a bar... this is an upscale palce, but prefect to get a drink and a bite before a game at the BOB or the basketball arena... not too expensive for the quality of food you get.
3	Lobster Bisque.  Nuf said.  Soup and salad and I'm good to go.  Or Soup and burger or soup and whatever else I'm going to get.  Pretty much we keep coming back to Coach & Willie's for the Lobster Bisque. For food and service - this easily could have gotten 4 stars.My problem is that they do not have clear, consistent hours.  I get that they might stay open later for a ball game.  But apparently that is only for SOME ball games.  After a Suns game or a D-backs game - you'll totally get in.  When we've tried to go after a Mercury game we, and several others we noticed, ended up just walking away because they were closed.  Before 9pm!!!  Their calendar shows they should be open until 11.  We drove 20 minutes to go there for lunch w/ some friends on the weekend - CLOSED.  I just don't get it.  It's happened to us a bit to regularly for me to think it's one bartender or staff member.  So anyhow, if they are open, and in full restaurant mode - give them a try.  Sitting at the sunken bar w/ your burger and fries (or soup) can be a blast.  But as someone else mentioned - please call ahead.  http://www.coachandwillies.com/html/index.htmUpdate: Their new listed hours are 11am-3pm Monday through Friday & Special Events.  Guess you'll have to call ahead to find out if there's a special enough event in the area before you go...
4	I went with the suggestions of Yelpers and stopped in to Coach and Willie's for drinks pre- Dbacks game.  It was a good choice, I think.  I didn't care for the outside which has loud music playing but inside it's a nice pub (upscale is a bit of a stretch...) with lots of TVs tuned to sports.  We were able to snag two seats at the bar and even ordered some nachos.  A few thoughts:Standing room is kind of scarce.  If it ever got really packed you would have to stand around people at tables eating and while I don't really care I know that its something my husband doesn't like to do.  It took forever to get the bartenders to notice us and take our orders.  And we were sitting at the bar!  When our nachos came they were asking for the "S." party and we were flailing our arms in front of the bartender and screaming "that's us!" and she still didn't see us!The bartenders were pretty cool.  They made some futile attempts to get a "Let's Go Dbacks" chant going but the crowd wasn't that into it.  (And at that point there weren't that many Cubs fans there...)  They had a good healthy banter with the Cubs fans which was amusing.   They didn't care when we ordered shots of Jager, although the two female Cubs fans next to us were shocked.  (Sorry, this is just how we roll.  We don't take shots of whatever that nuts and berries concoction that you're drinking is....)  The nachos were strange.  The chicken was like grade F chicken and there was a lot of the fixings but they were not well layered at all.   There was a ton of stuff on top (including all the guac and sour cream) then a bunch of naked chips and then a whole ton of cheese and all the beans on the bottom.  We also asked for jalapenos on the side, but they just didn't give them to us at all.I would definitely go back here before a game again.  It was a good relaxed atmosphere and a quick walk over to the stadium.  However, I think I'll probably stick with drinking there and save my munchies for the ballpark.
2	So I went to a late lunch with the Moms this weekend. (One plopped me out and the other is her BFF that's been around long before I was doing boom-boom and creating crayon masterpieces on the wall.) They wanted salads somewhere downtown. And all the places I've never been to but have been wanting to go to for ages were either closed or greens free-- LoLo's (collard don't count), Palatte, Cheuvront, Cibo, My Florist, and so on.So Moms decided that Coach and Willie's was the perfect luncheon destination.(Cuz they thought the salads online looked purdy tasty, and they were right. But I shouldn't have "judged a book by its cover," since even McDonald's looks pretty good in commercials.)So I swing by to pick up my sis and we dash to Coach and Willie's. I thought the name sounded like a bastard love filly to a Pony Express stud. Or maybe some purebred dog name, like Sir Charles McWigglesworth.Easy to find. Parking was plentiful. Patio was neato. Sunken bar seemed like a novelty. Horseshoe shaped booths were comfy and inviting. Atmosphere was upscaley for a sports bar. Company was vivacious. Waitress was engaging and attentive. Bacon wrapped prawns were succulent and satisfying. My Woodchuck cider was tasting crisp and peary. And I had a big ole smile on my face.It was salad time. Now if a salad costs ten dollars, I expect more than a tasteless expanse of iceburg lettuce. What head chef uses iceburg lettuce any more? With all the varieties of salad greens to chose from, I end up with the tasteless, tacky trailer trash of the field greens world? I'm not saying you gotta get all pretentious with a salad by using micro greens grown in an organic hot house, but for fuck sake, iceburg? Airplanes and cafeterias are the only places I've ever encountered iceburg not in fancy pants wedge salad form, which classes it up some and acknowledges the fact that iceburg is tasteless filler devoid of nutrients of any sort.Is Coach and Willie's food comparable to airplane fare? Ahem, yes. My salad was anyway. Everyone else seemed to enjoy theirs, despite the offensive iceburg. I just ate the equally tasteless southwestern chicken mass that came on top and picked around the lettuce filler. So while the lunch was fun and the bacon wrapped prawns were rockin', the salad sucked. And since I've only been here once, they get a less than stellar review. (And I'm stating that straight up so nobody gets all persnickety. I've only been once. For lunch. And a crap salad.)I'm sure it's a fun place for drinks before a game or for a quick lunch with coworkers, but I'm taking a stand against iceburg lettuce. It should be eliminated on principle alone. (Aside from its uses as filler; see Navajo tacos and garnish.)Anybody want to join my one woman campaign?
3	Coach and Willies ain't bad.  I ended up here almost every Sunday during the NFL season to watch their Season Ticket, because lo, i couldn't get DirecTV in my downtown building because i'm facing the wrong f'ing direction.Ugh.So, C&W's gladly hosted me, and honestly, i found this little place welcoming and appropriate for my Sunday Vince Young worship.The food is average to slightly-above-average.  Their pizzas are just OK, though they are wood fired.  Their ingredients are bland.  Same for the salads -- pretty average and I just have an aversion to iceberg.  But their wings are mighty tasty and large ...  and $5 on Sundays!  They are obviously frozen, and their sauce come to find out isn't even made in-house, but whatever, I'm here for football and beer.As for those two things, C&W's is ace.  They have plenty of screens and lots of positions around the bar for viewing multiple games.  Every time I asked the manager to switch to the Titans game, he always obliged, even asking where i preferred to sit so he could change the appropriate TV.  Very nice touch.The beers are large and VERY cheap ... $2.50 for a 20oz (i think 20oz) Bud Light and they have some other interesting beer choices if you want more.  For me, Bud Light is good enough for a cheap Sunday, beer-watching event.  Oh, and their Bloody Marys are on special too and very tasty.I would definitely recommend coming here for a sports-watching gathering or for pre-game festivities in the downtown area.
4	I have taken my mom here twice and was really pleased with the service each time.Get the shrimp wrapped in pancetta.  Yummy!I also crave...no...I mean...CRAVE their lobster bisque a few times a year!  It's rich, creamy, with a bit of a kick.  I always order a tub to take home with me.My only gripe?  When the heck is it opened consistently?  Argh!
3	I've been to Coach and Willie's a few times for lunch, and most recently went there on Saturday before the Diamondbacks game. I was surprised by how not crowded it was on Saturday before the game. Also, the most vocal fans were the table of Mets fans sitting on the patio (I was wearing my Mets hat), so we cheered with them for a minute before going inside.  When we walked in there were less than a handful of people at the circular bar and maybe three tables were occupied.  For a game day, service was quick and our server was nice.I think the food at Coach and Willie's is solid bar food with large portions. TI've had the chicken tenders and fries which is good. The tenders have a very light breading which I appreciate. I've also tried the chicken nachos which were OK...at times I would only get chicken and no chips. I've had better chicken nachos at other sports bars.During the week, lunchtime service is a mess. Service is slow. Really slow actually. I don't mind taking longer lunches occasionally, but last time I went with five coworkers and we nearly had a two hour lunch at Coach and Willie's. That is much too slow in my opinion! Plus, seperating checks is a nightmare there, so my advice is if you go with a group, just bring cash.There are plenty of TVs and when my husband and I met for lunch there in March, I asked for the TV closest to us to be turned to the Ohio State Big 10 basketball tournament game which they did willingly. I definitely appreciated it.  However, this past Saturday, did every TV need to be on the Kentucky Derby...and it wasn't even the Derby, it was like the "red carpet" event hosted by Molly Sims. Blah, I would have much preferred some baseball.Coach and Willie's is an easy walk to Chase Field and I believe after Dbacks games, they have a reverse happy hour. I'm not sure I would go back again before a game though. If you go during the week for lunch, be prepared to be there awhile!
4	I haven't been to Coach and Willie's in a few years, and I was delightfully surprised at all of the things I forgot about.The decor is way nice for a sports bar. Dark wood, marble topped bar.  It's just so pretty.A great selection of draught beer and bottles.  They even have Rogue Hazelnut Brown on Tap!! YAY!And, the last time I was here I was still a vegetarian and hooked on the garlic and spinach cheese sticks which are actually wrapped and fried like an egg roll.  We had them as an appetizer and they are as good as I remember.  Also served with two dipping sauces - ranch and a heavy marinara.  I wish they had some imagination inspired sauce, but they definitely did the trick.And then I had the burger.  I ordered the Three Alarm burger with fries.  When the waitress brought it out, I was astounded by the amount of food on the plate.  It was HUMONGOUS.  I barely made a dent in the fresh cut french fries which were yummy, but not crispy enough for my taste.  The burger was so huge I actually had to open it up and eat it with a knife and fork sans bun and accoutrements.  It wasn't even barely spicy, but I didn't mind because it was such a good burger perfectly grilled to order.I felt horrible for eating so little of what was on my plate.  However, there was no way I was going to put the not-crispy-enough-for-me fries in a styrofoam box to take home.  And I ate what I wanted off the burger, the rest was extraneous.Next time: I'll ask for a plain burger and 1/4 of the normal amount of fries or some other side.
1	I avoid this place!  They don't care about their neighbors and play extrememly loud music on Saturday nights till 2am keeping many locals awake.  The staff doesn't seem to care about this issue either. I will not go there until they change their practices.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go before a D-Backs or Suns game. Sure it's pricey, but the food is worth it. Definitely better than your standard sports fare of wings, potato skins and burgers. It actually is a place where you can get a nice meal and a few drinks before heading to the game.
4	Here's a simple math problem: one girl (me) *TIMES* a margarita, a beer, three shots of tequila and one shot of Jagermeister *PLUS*  five guys drinking unlimited beers and multiple shots *DIVIDED BY* three hours of bullshitting and laughter.  What does that equal?  Drunk, happy and needing a ride home!This wasn't the first time I'd ventured into Coach & Willies and ended up drinking too many shots and laughing way too hard.  It's a decent place to go to for after-work happy hours or before a game.  The food is nothing to rave about -- it's pretty much your typical sports bar fare, although the menu does have a few unique items  (a filet mignon pizza comes to mind). The service was okay. When we first got there, our server seemed a little lackadaisical. When he brought us our appetizers, he forgot to bring us plates and utensils, and when we asked for some, he seemed annoyed. Not to worry though, a new server came and for the rest of the evening he was great at getting us our drinks.  He even talked the owner into allowing us to partake of their "Customer Appreciation" buffet that was going on.Overall, it was a nice experience. The food was good, the service was reliable and they have a full service bar with a good selection of beers and whatever may be your lush's delight.  I'll definitely be back again to enjoy more good times with my boys and mas tequila shots.
4	This place put on a presidential candidates forum for me! I had to write a review for them just for being awesome and willing to put politics up on their big screens early (5 -6:30pm) on a Saturday night. I long for a political bar in Phoenix (suggestions welcome) and so I was super thrilled when I called and they said it would be no problem to play the forum for just 4 or 5 of us. Also, I had their hef on tap, fairly good. And a couple nibbles of my friend's cheese fries -- if grease equals goodness...those fries were damn near perfect. Seemed to have a pretty laid back atmosphere. I bet it's nuts around game time, but a really relaxed place to grab a drink from what I could tell. Either way, 12 props for serving as a (objective of course) political venue when requested!!
4	C&W's is my go-to before a DBacks game, and it's only because I like the environment.  The place is clean, from the bar area to the bathrooms.  The bartenders are always fun and good for some interesting conversations.  The other patrons are generally lively and always in a good mood.  And they actually show HD sporting events on their flat screen tvs.It doesn't boast an impressive beer selection, the food is average at best.  But I always have a good time in here.  And they don't give me funny looks for ordering a shot of jager at 11AM before an afternoon game. . .
1	I avoid this place!  They play extrememly loud music on Saturday nights till 2am. I will not go there until they change their practices.
2	Let me tell you why I used to love Coach and Willie's...They used to have awesome wings that were like $6 and great drink specials every night of the week. They used to show all the local sports with the sound cranked up. Last night is the last time I will go to Coach and Willies, let me tell you why:1. I sat at the bar for 6 minutes before one of the bartenders came to help me. They weren't even working the slow bar. 2. The wings are now $9 and had no sauce and tasted identical to the ones at Majerle's that always give me the schlitz.3. Someone crapped on the floor in the mens room while I was there and put his pants in the toilet. The proceeded to dump an entire bottle of bleach in the mens room that made everyone in the restaurants eyes water and offered no apologies.4. I don't want to listen to your shitty R&B top 40 hits while the Suns are on. Wait, let me rephrase that. I don't want to listen to that crap ever.5. The service is overall bad. I didn't get the extra buffalo sauce I asked for. I watched the kid forget and get sidetracked on a convo with coworkers no more than 15 seconds after I asked. My cup was empty most of the meal.I hope you guys are doing well with your cholo hip hop nights you do there upstairs because you sure as hell aren't focused on customer service anymore. Or good food for that matter.
3	Working at Chase Field it's easy to get sick of places in the neighborhood.  there's not a big selection.  Coach and Willie are just the other side of the tracks and we've all eaten there a lot.  I can't rave about it... but not gonna bash it either.Today went with two vendors who hadn't eaten there yet.  we got a very pleasant surprise when Dani (sp?) came to our table, sat down, and asked us if we needed help picking something (menu is imposingly large).  she was funny, helpful, and talked them through everything.  they settled on the Tequila Lime Chicken Wrap and the Bourbon Steak Wrap.  Bourbon Steak Wrap ordered a side of Lobster Bisque.  I went for the daily special Fried chicken over potatoes.Food came pretty quickly.  I'll get the Fried Chicken special out of the way right now.  It was fried chicken, but it was NOT special.  It was better than KFC but that's about it.  the potatoes were barely warm.  the gravy was forgettable.  bad choice on my part when Mrs White's is barely three blocks away, but come on guys, at least wave the food over the heat a little bit.My dining companions both raved about their choices.  Tequila Lime Chicken was reported as "very tasty".  He ate half and boxed up the rest for the trip home.  Bourbon Steak Wrap was described as "a little too sweet" but all in all enjoyable, also boxed up and taken home.   Lobster Bisque was reported to be lip smackin good, though I tried it once and thought it was a little Campbell's-esque.This is a nice place, dark, lots of sports on TV, It fills a niche in this neighborhood that Cooperstown deserted long ago and Friday's Front Row never occupied... that is, decent pub fare for pregame/postgame.  The menu may be hit or miss but there's lots of choices and most people won't be disappointed.
2	The places I hate most in this world are those that can't figure out what they want to be.  Coach and Willies is the epitome of this syndrome.We came here for a meal, some drinks and to watch March Madness.  Boy what a mistake.  Being near the stadiums, I figured this place for a low rent, liquor up before the game place.  I should have done my research. This place desperately wants to upscale.  From the prices to the menu, it screams 'Look! Aren't we above the fray?' Well you know what, places above the fray don't have 87 TVs tuned to sports.  They also don't have a waitstaff that approaches you with a 'What's up yo?'  They also don't have facial tattoos.But I was alright with delineation of style initially as the pizzas were half off.  But of course they were doughy and meh.  Well at least the games were on and the audio was being pumped in through the bar's speakers.  Oh wait, at 7 they turned down the lights and changed to some crappy R+B radio station. I guess that crowd who was coming in to get their 5 course wine and food pairings didn't want to listen to the game.  Why exactly they came to Coach and Willies then, I'll never know.
3	Came here for dinner with Scott after a wonderful baseball game.  Its right around the corner from Chase Field, and neither of us had been here before.  We had an excellent time together at Coach and Willies, but I think we both left with a feeling of something to be desired by this place.  Here's my take on the place:I dont think this place is bad.  I just think its not the greatest.  Scott and I did enjoy our time here, BUT, I think we both found the same things annoying about it.First, I feel like theres a conflict of decorating.  I feel like theres two completely different themes going on here, and they both clash with one another.  Part of it seems like it wants to be a nicer resturant....the other part wants to be a sports bar.  Neither one compliments each other.  When you walk in, theres a great patio area for dining.  Loved it!  But, then when you walk in, and kind of walk around, it shows signs of trying to be a sports bar.  The bar itself is set really low.  Lower then the tables themselves.  Heavy marble looking bar tops, with chairs.  At one point Scott and I counted 15 (YES 15!) flat screen TVs!  I will say, there was one particular TV in our area that I noticed that had amazing reception.  It was probably one of the better flat screens I have seen!  To my benefit, I ordered the half nachos.  The server ended up bringing me out a full plate of nachos (bonus!) and I was happy!  Food here is so so.  I feel like this place is a place I would probably bring my parents to, but it really didnt blow me away.
3	There is no such thing as a wonderful baseball game when our Arizona Diamondbacks lose!  But it was fun to visit the ballpark and we did have a good time.Within walking distance so I didn't have to move my truck this place seemed to have the greatest appeal based on reviews.My impression was of a restaurant that happened to have, what looked like a very uncomfortable, low bar and a nice outside patio.  And also a whole bunch of TVs.  The sort of place dad could take the whole family for dinner and position himself to see the game he would rather have stayed home and watched.  But it's in the wrong neighborhood for that.  I only saw one couple on the patio as it was a bit chilly.  There may have been heaters but I didn't notice them.The food certainly was not exciting.  I had a filet mignon sandwich ($14.00) and chose fries over the salad on the recommendation of our server.  Fries were soggy and limp.  He must never have tried them.  Amy B had 1/2 order of nachos w/beef ($6.50) and they gave her a full order at the 1/2 order price rather than make her wait for the correct order to be made.  The food was edible but neither of us felt motivated to continue past the no longer hungry point.  And neither of us were encouraging the other to try what we were eating. We got started off a bit on the wrong foot as the sign said "wait to be seated", which we started to do.  The hostess was also the waitress for the front of the house and told us to grab seats at the bar and I said we wanted a table and stood there as she wandered off to check the IDs of some folks that had just ordered at a table (cute young women should know they are going to get carded and not have their IDs buried at the bottom of a 15lb piece of luggage they call a purse).  The waitress/hostess did finally look up and realize we were not moving and told us to grab a table and someone would find us.  It took roughly 10 minutes for our server to show the first time but after that he was there just as much as needed.  During that time I noticed Fat Tire was on tap so I ordered the 20oz glass ($7.00).  Amy had a diet cola which was refilled twice just as she emptied it.  Considering we arrived with the after game crowd I think we got really good service and I would say at it's peak the restaurant inside was about 2/3 full and dwindling as we were thereOverall it is not a bad place and I would go again if invited but I want to try some other places in the area too on my infrequent trips downtown.
4	So I finally got to hit this place up and I must say, I liked it!  I ordered the italian stallion sandwich with fries and thought it was very yummy.  Steve was great and attentive and I really liked the whole look of the restaurant.  I would definately reccomend going here with a group of friends.  The parking situation is kinda wierd, so go before 3 and it's free in the lot, or else meter it up on the street.  Oh, and order a black velvet, because they actually know how to layer their drinks here.  I would love to check this place out on a busier night.
5	I have been to every restaurant in and around Chase Field and the US Airways Center and Coach and Willies is hands down the best.We went there a few days ago.  I ordered the chicken parm and Roz got the Sherry's Chicken Salad.  The bar is BEAUTIFUL.  It is sunken into the floor and covered in granite.  The patio is huge with a beautiful fountain out front. Before the food came out, I looked for the bathroom and found myself upstairs.  They have a "VIP Lounge" with a private bar and huge upper-patio.  Fortunately, I found the bathroom too!I get back downstairs to discover this massive chicken parmesan sandwich.  Roz's salad was beautiful... spinach, with fresh strawberries, almonds, and vinaigrette.  It was SO GOOD!  I got STUFFED on my sandwich.  I don't know how people eat it all.We had to run to the game and unfortunately the D-Back lost!!!!  Coach and Willies is a great find.  We had a great tasting meal, in a beautiful place, that was enormous!!!  I found my new lunch spot!!!!
3	Im probably being so unfair with a rating of 3...Im not much of a sports bar girl.. but this place is fun.. and its a place to go pre-game.. have a few beers..and get into the moment...of testosterone... full of yelling guys.. and girls serving in sportsy shirts... not the friendliest girls either... so beer is cold... service way slow... my friend ordered a plate of chicken nachos... forever and ago...they finally arrive... are they okay.. yep, okay...do they rock? no... But if you want to get your testerone going...or your drink on pre-sports, go here... I guess... Im a girly girl... so.. Im trying to get into the moment... but was more frightened by the fat guy at the bar shouting out random Arkansas anthems full of explicitives at whomever would listen... (yep, I went to college..and yep, I have been around collegey type sports bars...in case your wondering!)... but the waiter was egging him on rather than asking him to pipe it down... that just wasnt going to end well.. Next time...Ill go back.. opt for some real man food... like fries or ?? and stick with my girly Guiness... and will expect nothing more than... well, I got tonight.... a pre-game buzz and a $25 bill...
3	Despite the fact that since the day I learned to drive I was coming downtown for baseball games and now I live in downtown, I had no idea that Coach and Willie's is downtown!  Was I missing a lot?  Not really.  It is pretty decent though.I have no idea why we decided to come here, but I remember reading a lot of great things about the lobster bisque, and it was cold outside, so it sounded wonderful.  When we walked inside, a girl asked us what game we were there to watch.  She gave us the weirdest look when we told her we were just there to eat.  We seated ourselves and perused the menus for a good 10 minutes before she came back around.I ordered a cup of the lobster bisque and the crab cobb salad.  I guess I was going for a shellfish theme there.  The bisque came out first and was not what I expected.  I was thinking a smooth, fairly thin but creamy soup.  What I got was pretty thick and hot a lot of chunks of peppers and some good sized pieces of lobster.  It was good, but it must have been at the end of the pot, because it was just really strangely thick and it had a bit of a skin.  As a side note, I had a fresher serving of it at the State of Downtown Event and it was really fantastic.  My salad was pretty standard, but it was very large and filling.  I would possibly get it again.I may come back here again, but who knows.  They have lots of great TV's so it would be an awesome place to watch any game.  If they start playing MLS games, we may frequent this place a lot more in the future.
3	This isn't really the greatest place but if you are a football fan, it is probably the best place in downtown to watch the game.  They have TVs everywhere seem to subscribe to every package under the sun.  Pretty impressive.  Too bad I don't watch it.The food was decent.  I had some sort of burger with a chili on it.  It wasn't spicy but it was flavorful enough and large enough that I felt like I got my money's worth.  The fries were pretty good too.The service was a bit spotty.  Sometimes I think that when you aren't drinking booze, the waitresses ignore you.  That's what happened here.  She came by everyone else's tables and got them new beers but our diet cokes sat empty for much of our visit.  That's too bad.The overall prices are a bit high and that's what would keep me away in the future.
3	Went here as  part of a companies social gathering this week. First I must say I was highly impressed by the layout of this corner restaurant located in the downtown district of phoenix. My visit was during the modest hours of 12pm, so I was greeted by the afternoon crowed. Taken to the upstairs portion of the resturante, this must have been some type of VIP room, decked out with couches, plasma televisions, private bar, and outside patio. This is a great location to hold a private event I thought to myself. The prices on the menu were between 12-30 dollars(approx).  The food came quick was was large portions. I had the BBQ Chicken Pizza which was so fulfilling I hate to take half of it home. Very good service. My one complaint would be that I didn't hear any music while upstairs, tho they had speakers, and I wish they would have been more intentive to ask my group if we wanted the televisions on. Which would have raised the overall atmosphere rating.
2	If not for it's close proximity to US Airways and Chase Field stadiums, this place would be worthless. Wings are skimpy and over-cooked to a tough, stringy texture. Owner/manager/bartender certainly has no business being in the hospitality industry. Two of two times here, he was a snippy jerk.
3	I went with a group of about 20 to Coach and Willies and we were given the upstairs private dining room. It was a great large area that opened up to a balcony patio which was nice for the smokers. I had heard a lot about the lobster bisque and was eager to try it, I got that paired with the BLT. I must say they had quite an impressive menu with tons of options and special combos for lunch. My lobster bisque soup was fantastic, slightly spicy with large chunks of lobster. As I looked around the table I noticed humongous salads and burgers and everyone seemed pretty please with their food. The service was great, quick to check on us and refill drinks. They also gave us separate checks without being asked. After we ate, we ventured back downstairs to the patio and had a few cocktails. Our server was pretty slow, but I had ordered at the bar so I just got to tease everyone else. I thought it was a pretty yummy place for lunch, and the enormous patio was great for big groups.
4	I have been here multiple times for all facets of dinning including lunch, dinner, drinks, late night bites and a corporate function and everytime i've liked it. It is one of my favorite places to go before a baseball or basketball game. They have a great selection of handcrafed beers both on tap and in bottles. There food is also really good for what i take as more of a bar enviornment. There burgers, sandwiches and pastas are all well executed and have a gourmet flair with resonable prices. The lobster bisque is fantastic, and so are the salads and appetizers. They have a great patio downstairs and a balcony where you can eat and drink outside upstairs too. Check this place out it is more than worth the visit, and they have good happy hour and reverse happy hour specials.
3	Coach and Willies is always a good place to go before a game.  That is the only time I have gone.  The bar is pretty cool and is setup with nice TVs and I love the dark wood accents.  If it is nice out, then the patio is the place to be.The food is pretty good.  The artichoke dip is our favorite item on the menu.  If you are feeling a pizza, but can't make up your mind the pinwheel pizza mixes up 4 choices, so that is always good. Again, I would consider this a great option before a game, especially because of the atmosphere mixed with pretty good food.  I have never found myself thinking about going here outside of a game day, so I have to stick with the 3 star rating.
1	I went to @coachnwillies last night, as part of the @downtownphoenix spring fling pub crawl.Coach & Willies is the reason negative ratings should be possible on @yelp.I will never, ever return.When we arrived, we ordered a beer, and a soda.We also ordered nachos. They were piled high. This is a good thing.Removing the first couple chips resulted in a couple olives falling on to the bar. I wiped them into a pile, but figured I'd wait until I was done, to catch anything else, and clean it up.A few of us decided to have a shot, to celebrate a birthday-in-progress. I flagged one of the bartenders down.He approaches me and says "Are you gonna stop making a mess on my bar?"Me: "Excuse me?"BT: "You're making a mess"Me: "I would like to order a drink, not get hassled"BT: "I don't care about your drinks, I only care about your tips"Me: "Well you're not exactly working for one at the moment"BT: "Are you going to order or not?"I placed my order without any further comments, lest I inform him of my true feelings.He takes my credit card and asks if I'd like to keep it open. I tell him no, because I have left my card in the past.He returns with the receipt. On the "tip" line I write "NoFuckingWay!"I work in a service industry. You don't treat me like shit and still get a tip. Fuck you.A while later I go to order a beer. This same motherfucker tells me I'm cut off.Yes, I am cut off.I have had maybe three beers, and a shot, in 5 hours.I ask another bartender, and as he is about to pour me a beer, the first SOB hollers to him that I am cut off, then proceeds to show him my receipt.Because, apparently, you not giving a tip is justification for him being a cocksucker.I demand to see a manager, and one comes over. I tell him that the guy is cutting me off because I refused to tip him, and he tells me that the problem is that there is a $10 minimum on CC transactions.Curiously, that isn't stated anywhere. Further, this "manager" took my first beer order, when I arrived, and made no mention of the minimum when I bought just the one beer, nor did the other bartender mention that when I paid for the shots, which actually totaled $24.This "manager" was gracious enough to let me pay their establishment for service again. /sarcasmI will recommend to every single person I know to never patronize that establishment, and I will never return to a place with such puerile and petty employees.
4	I lived by here and eat here all the time. I recommend the lobster bisque even though my gf says it makes me smell like a fish. I also recommend the Italian nachos, the pizza, and the meatball thing. The happy hr can't be beat as far as prices!
5	This is my very favorite restaurant/bar in downtown Phoenix!  It has great atmosphere from fun to semi-formal and the food is fabulous.  Even breakfast is totally de-lish!
4	C&W's is one of my favorite places for lunch downtown.  I've been coming here for years.  The portions are huge and the staff is great.  The only thing I miss are the huge, comfy booths, but I realize they had to take them out to accommodate more diners.  Order the Lobster Bisque; it's incredible!
4	Great place for a pre Suns game pit stop. This place was packed before the Suns game. I like the short bar. My legs can actually reach the floor. We had some drinks and ordered the Three Alarm burger and chose the wedge salad as our side. I am so glad we decided to split, the burger was huge. They cooked it to order (medium-rare) and it had the perfect amount of toppings. The service was great. This place is definitely one of the best options for a DT sports bar with class. They have a location opening in Chandler early next year and I cannot wait!!
4	Cool place. Though I'd like a little better beer selection, but not bad. Seemed like a very authentic "pub". BUT very pricey. Spent like $24 on 2 beers and a quesadilla! Kidding me??
4	They totally woulda gotten 5 stars from me if the service wasn't as slow as it way....Alas....Their lobster bisque is awesome!Can't wait for their Chandler location to open!
4	Coach and Willies was the starting and ending point for Saturday's CitySolve event.  We decided to have lunch before running all over downtown Phoenix.  The service was a little slow considering they should have been expecting a crowd for the event.  I had the rosemary flatbread app which was quite tasty.  My friends had the lobster bisque with got rave reviews.I am looking forward to trying them out when they open the new Chandler location.
4	The food and service were both great, even though it was MLB All Star week. The waitress was on the ball and made sure drinks were refilled. I had the Italian Stallion sandwich and it was pretty good. It would have been better if they sliced the meat Jerry Mike's Style (nice and thin). The thick ham and salami slices made it tough to bite and hold. Oh well. We'll be back the next time we need to pregame in Phoenix. The large covered patio was a nice break from the heat.
3	The food at this Sports Grill is good and the portion sizes are very fair.  The service that we experienced from our pleasant young server was not so good.  By that I mean, the service was very very slow.
5	Coach & Willies is a nicer sports bar with an awesome food menu & is walking distance from Chase Field (really walking distance, as in we managed to walk in 105 degree weather).  The menu is a lot better than most bars & the atmosphere is nicer than most sports bars (aka you can take your parents or kids here & use the bathrooms without being grossed out). I personally really like this place because it's nice to be able to get a real & good meal at a sports bar. We've had:- Italian Nachos:absolute GENIUS and I can't believe I've never thought of them to make on my own or seen on another menu. This is a must get dish, whether you get the full size as a meal or the half size as an appetizer. It's fried pizza dough that's still soft but firm enough to hold up the toppings, covered in delicious, flavorful marinara sauce topped with gobs of melted mozzarella and pizza toppings. My boyfriend & I are stuck on getting this dish every time.- Baked Mac & Cheese: Amazing! The cheese sauce is decadent, thick, creamy, and has a wonderful garlic & southwestern spice flavor. - Italian Chopped Salad: Okay. The toppings didn't really taste like anything so overall it was an expensive bed of lettuce.- House Salad: Basic but a good choice to balance out one of the heavier meal options.
1	Horrible bar service... All Draft Beers are out on a SATURDAY! Not worth the stop.
1	Worst. Service. Ever.Have been there twice this year - what a mistake to go back!  First time we went for Challenge Nation - an event C&W was hosting registration for that was almost 1,000 people I think.  Guess how many people were working? TWO.  They even had someone who was participating in the event eating/drinking before who USED to work at C&W help out because they were so swamped.  Bad staffing doesn't even begin to cover it....Decided to try it again before a concert at US Air and give them the benefit of the doubt that it was a huge event that most restaurants would probably struggle accomodating.  We had to wait 10 minutes for water (which is just a delight after walking in 110 degree weather), then the waiter said he'd be right back and promptly went to every other table in our vicinity except ours until we had to flag him down to put in drink orders.  The service the remainder of the time was mediocre at best.  Had to order some drinks at the bar because we never were able to find our waiter for new beers or water refills.Wrote a review on Southwest's Rapid Rewards Dining site and got contacted by the manager apologizing for the bad experiences.  I thought - WOW, that is not consistent with the service received at all - what a great way to step up and take ownership of your restaurant.  He asked me to email him about my experience and that he would send a gift card to return so they could make it up and try to "switch me back."  I emailed him - that was a month ago - no response received at all!!!!I used to eat there years ago when working downtown - no complaints then - but whoever is running the show now needs to get it together!  Future diners - good luck!
1	One star reviews are really rare for me, So much so, that, if I am giving a one star review, I will usually just not even bother to write the review. Coach and Willie's probably deserves better, but for what we paid and the quality of food we got, I have to do what I have to do.  Here goes...We had been given tickets to the Diamondbacks game and, not too familiar with the area, this was the first place we found. The game was starting in a little over an hour when we showed up. Even at that, we did not get bad service, the one star is primarily directed at the food, which was not good.I get very dismayed when something on the menu sounds really good and is such a disappointment. I ordered the Baja Fish Wrap. I love fish tacos and this sounded like something in the same vein. They do give you a choice of sides. I chose the wedge salad. The fish was bland. The lavosh wrap around it was soggy and falling apart. The menu promised spicy sauce... again bland. The wedge salad was a travesty. It was just an unwieldy wedge of lettuce with a small amount of dressing on it. It took up over half the plate. When you tried to cut it it made everything slide off the other side. I gave up on it after the first few bites. It wasn't worth the work and mess. My wife had a nearly identical experience with her tequlila-lime chicken wrap... no flavor at all in any of the food.These sandwiches and two drinks cost us over $50. Hence, one star. We won't be going back here.
5	Awesome place. Really nice staff
1	I don't usually write reviews of places at all, but after using Yelp to pick this place as a place to meet up prior to a Diamondbacks game based on the largely positive reviews, I had to come back and let people know not to believe the hype on here.I am a lover of food and rarely find something that is just plain inedible, but that's what happened with every course of my meal at Coach & Willies. We started out with appetizers including meatballs, Italian nachos, and a wedge salad for the table. The meatballs were actually pretty good and my girlfriend also enjoyed her wedge salad. However, the Italian nachos were just plain disgusting. They reminded me of those cheap $1.50 Totino's pizzas that you can get in the freezer aisle at the grocery. The "chips" were mushy on the outside and hard as a brick on the inside; the toppings were clearly cheap and tasted awful. For my meal, I ordered the bourbon steak flat bread wrap. It was absolutely inedible. I was very hungry and was only able to force down two bites of the sandwich before calling it quits -- something that is unheard of for me. Altogether, I hope no one else makes the mistake of going to this place and expecting the good food that people here have written about. The menu is rather large and maybe that's why they are having a hard time keeping the food at a high quality. If you go here before a game, I'd recommend sticking to the beers and then getting a hot dog at the field.
4	This is a solid 3.5 for me, but I'll round it up to a 4 since our server was awesome. My friend invited me to an art showcase that was hosted here, and I was little wary of a "hipster" event being held at a sports bar, but I bought in. We got there and from the outside, C&W doesn't look like much of a sports bar. They have a really nice patio area that was decked out for the event. It was a little warm upon arrival so after making our initial rounds, we sat inside for a bite and a drink. Me and Jon S. were a little indecisive, so after asking our server, we ordered the Italian Nachos, Chicken Fingers, a D-Bomb and Tropical Vacation. I had had the italian nachos at another restaurant and was pretty unimpressed, so I was hoping that these didn't suck. The nachos were bomb. I can't say that everything was "farm fresh", but it had the right amount of everything on it (cheese, sauce, olives, beef) and hit the spot. The chicken fingers were also good. Not greasy, just good ol' fashioned chicken fingers. And we both enjoyed our drinks, all for a total of about $20. Now the event we went to was pretty cool, and C&W was a good venue for it. I'm not sure if I'd ever frequent the place on my own since I'm not huge into sports, but if I was in the area and needed a place to go, I'd definitely stop by.
4	Came here for a Fashion/Art Show. Amazed by the prompt service even while crowded!Happy Hour is a must! $3 beers and $4 appetizers. Not a huge selection but awesome eats nonetheless!Cheese fries were ooey gooey and had a generous amount of cheeses! Yes, I said cheeses!!Chicken Strips are thinly coated and very moist. 4 large strips of pure goodness!Meatballs! 3 large meatballs full of flavor, smothered in marinara sauce and cheese with 4 pieces of garlic bread!! These will please your mouth in ways its never been pleased!
1	NOT JUST THE WORST SERVICE, BUT NO SERVICE AT ALL!What was once a perfectly fine establishment has taken a major decline this year. I've been going here for the past three years to watch the Packers on game day. The food has always been exceptional and the service wonderfulThis year it's sucks far below acceptable levels.Two weeks ago we sat at our table and we waited 40 minutes until we saw our server. And this only after my girlfriend went to the bar and explain our situation.This week I sat down (in a sparely populated bar) and after not being given a menu, asked for a drink order or even acknowledged I decided not to go to the bar and wait and see just how long this would last. I watched an entire three quarters of a football (2+ hours) without ever so much as being acknowledged as existing! When I sat down table next to me was covered with the last customers leftovers and was not cleared until right before I left by what I assume was my waiter. In doing so he walk right past me and my empty table TWICE never to return.UTTERLY PATHETIC
5	Awesome place. Really nice. Outstanding service from Matt. Food is delicious, recommend the lobster bisque.
1	I really wanted to like this place. I live nearby and I love the Downtown area. I want all the places here to be 4-5 star joints. But my partner and I showed up on a Sunday afternoon, with only a half-dozen people in the place and just as many waitresses, and they still took 45 minutes to deliver our food. We watched our waitress eat her lunch at the bar. And then when our food came it wasn't right.We ordered a sandwich that was piled high with turkey. One bite, however, and we knew our bread was more than day-old. I actually had to ask them if it was toasted (it wasn't) because it was just as hard and dry as a piece of toasted bread. Back it went.The pizza which I ordered because of the Kalamata Olives (their "Mediteranean") was missing Kalamata Olives. That's right -- it's the major ingredient on the pie and the joker in the kitchen forgot to put them on. Never mind, after 45 minutes you'll eat anything. Beer was overpriced at $5 for a glass. We got out of there as quickly as we could after the food was consumed. Won't be back.
3	I went with a group from work.  We had 7 of us.  We were seated pretty quickly.  The menus are huge and lots of things to pick from.  Yeah, I noticed all the dishes are pretty BIG.  The service was quick and pretty good.  I ordered the chicken fingers with fries.  Their batter is little coated and crispy.  The chicken was still moist.  All in all, it was good.
2	I booked my birthday party here, mostly because of it's close proximity to The Duce. I was in contact with someone who said she was the Manager, Daron Harvey. She was great and said she would extend happy hour for my party. However, upon arrival, the night of my party, the manager on duty had no idea my party was coming. When I told him that I had spoken to a manager about having my party there and he snidely remarked, "that's weird, I'm the manager." Wow, way to be nice about the amount of business I am about to bring your bar. To top it off, we got there at 9pm, which is what I told the Manager I was e-mailing, just to find out they normally close at 10pm on non-Suns game nights, unless they have 20+ people. So, now I feel awkward 'cause we're keeping these servers past the time that they probably thought they were going home. The only reason I am not giving them one star is that they were still able to accommodate my party and give us the specials. Except after 1.5 hours of being there, the server asks me if we're all on separate checks. I don't understand how you just assume these things and we had to wait a bit longer to get our tabs. Lastly, I get the rule to add gratuity for such a big party, but the gratuity added was 22%. Random. Such a terrible experience.
5	This has become one of my favorite spots downtown! I keep going back and probably always will as long as they never change! I've been for late night dinner, Sunday brunch, happy hour. The service has been consistently good and the food is amazing! This is no ordinary bar menu. You can have an actual dinner. Prime rib, chicken, salmon, burgers, wraps. My favorite is the Bourbon Steak Wrap! It's just that it's too big for me to finish! Every day of the week they have specials and they are always hosting parties, events, etc. Guaranteed there is something for everyone. The staff is great! Ray and Jeff the bartenders are professional and still fun! There is a nice patio and I've heard there is also a big upstairs room but I've never been up. Next time. Lots of TVs and plenty of room for large groups. Clean bathrooms, live music some nights and even a DJ on Friday nights I think. Brunch menu is unbelievably good! I had mimosas of course to quench my thirst. : ) Hits the spot-especially after a night of drinking! AND the deserts they have are even delicious! There is a lot more I can say and I am pretty picky about the places I like. Definitely go!
2	The place was busy as expected when there are events downtown. The server came over pretty quick and took our drink order, then delivered them promptly, that's where the good ended. Waited about 20 minutes for her to come back, finally flagged her down to take our order. The most pathetic looking chicken nacho came out first. It was missing the chicken, tomatoes, jalapenos, black olives, guac and had about 5 black beans on it, we sent it back. The new one came out still missing toppings and the chips were burnt. My wife had a wrap which she said was good, my buddy said his pizza was alright. My burger that I ordered medium came out raw, and our friends medium burger was well done. She ate hers I sent mine back. My new burger came 15 minutes later and was super greasy. We had to flag our server down to get the check, which she ended up getting wrong three times. We were there for 2 1/2 hours and received a small discount from the manager. I don't know if this is how it's normally run or if they were understaffed for some reason, but I'm hesitant to go there again.
5	Excellent food, great prices, great service. I come here several times a week. Live next door and it is always good. 6 buck burgers can't be beat!
1	WoW,  one star! Those are very rare for me, but here's why. The place its still looks really good and feel about it. The waiters are ill-trained. I came here with a groupon/google offer. I've always wanted to see what it is all about. I am so thankful that I was only out a few bucks and didn't have to pay full price. They screwed up my bill and took FOREVER to fix. Had to get the manager, who was very nice but about as incompetent as the serving staff. The food is very bland, the customer service is NOT horrible, but as bland as the food. Good news, I got my bill fixed after having to get in the manager involved and after a really long wait. With so many places in the vicinity don't waste your time or your money.
5	went in for happy hour last week great drink specials and a friendly staff one bartender especially, Danny. he took great care of us and when the kitchen got behind with our order, it was packed so understandable, Danny wet above and beyond to make sure we still had a pleasant experience. we will definitely be back thanks Danny!
4	It was my first time there and the pasta with alfredo was very good and filling!
3	Strike 3! This was my third time giving this restaurant a shot. Each time has been a complete disappointment. It is sad because they have great food and I believe this restaurant would do much better if the service was up to par. My past visits were with the company. Excited to have our team building lunch at a downtown restaurant near the office is very convenient for our office. Sadly our office has not been happy with the service the two times we went as a team. This restaurant offers a variety of options to choose from for all types of diners. Salads, Sandwiches, Soups, Pizza and much much more. Though it seems the wait staff brings the place down. 1st securing a table ahead of time has not worked out for us both times because the restaurant did not have our reservation. Though the good news is both times we were able to get seated right away. The bad news is not only did our food take a long time majority of the orders were wrong. 2nd Giving them the benefit of the doubt I went in to place a to go order today. I placed my call order over the phone and was told It would take 15-20 minutes. After having my order repeated back to me and giving the correct spelling of my name I get to the restaurant to pay the tab to only find out my order was not even entered. The bartender tells me that the person who took my order forgot one of the items. I have trouble understanding this when I ordered only two items that were off the basic lunch special menu. To be proactive I paid my order ahead of time to find my name spelled wrong on the receipt. This again surprised me as the person who took the order repeated it back to me. After waiting 17 minutes for my order I find out from the bartender my order was made wrong. This was his fault as he entered it in wrong. He refunded me my money and I left because I could not wait another 15-20minuetes for a to go order. I am hesitant to give them another try at this point. I am not going to even risk catering for the office because part of my job is to order food for the office as the office I work in is a training center that provides food. If they cannot get a simple order right I cannot imagine how a large catering order for fifty people would look like. I will add there is patio seating, private room, happy hour specials, WiFi and free parking during lunch.
5	I attended our high school graduation (I'm an English teacher) at the nearby US Airways Center. We walked over to Coach & Willies afterwards to be treated to a meal and two drinks by our school owner and principal. Service was fast...no complaints. My whiskey blackened steak wrap was yummy. The two free beers (paid for by the school principal/owner), even better.
3	Just okay.  Service was good.  Beer was cold.  I'd prefer a good IPA though, which they didn't have.  Food was just average.  Standard chicken wings.  Sandwich bread was a little stale, fries not very crisp.  Ho hum.  Nice decor inside, and lots of televisions, so it's a good spot for a beer and a ballgame.  Wood smoke from the pizza oven creates a great aroma, so maybe a pizza is the way to go next time.
4	Great service. Fun downtown atmosphere. Highly recommended
1	Don't go here on a busy day, which is whenever the dbacks or suns play. You will be waiting forever for your food and it will be cold. Then when you complain they blame it on being busy and make you feel like an idiot. The owner sits drinking instead of helping out and basically tells customers to shut up and stop whining!***Reply to "owners" comment****Jason, Maybe you should get YOUR facts straight before posting a reply.  We waited for over 45 minutes for our COLD food to arrive, only after we asked the bartender where our food was.  Your manager walked over with our ticket and said " I see you've been waiting for over 45 minutes for your food" When we responded that we had never waited that long, she replied " well we're busy and short-handed" There was no upfront apology to the fact that our food was late, making us in turn late for the game.  Your bartender is not a pleasant person as she would ask what we wanted and not wait for the answer before turning and getting another customer a drink.  Unfortunately, we were seated behind one of the beer taps to begin the afternoon and seemed to be forgotten as we sat with empty glasses.  We did NOT demand to speak to the owner.  He had said hello about 20 min earlier and when the manager came over, my mom asked to speak to the owner.  She said he's not working today, and my mom replied," I just saw him", your manager then said " I'll go get the owner for you." There was no demanding there.  Also please learn to read before posting replies as I stated the owner BASICALLY said to shut up and stop whining.  The way he spoke to us is the reason why we would never come back.  Also you posted in my mom's review that our food and drinks were comped.  We sent the food back as it was cold, so it wasn't comped, and we only had 3 beers between the two of us, the last two were just poured and left undranken.   Get your facts straight before coming on here and calling people LIARS.... Maybe if your bartender would have been a little more personable and offered an apology or something in the first place this whole situation would have been remedied.
3	Happy hour meatballs before the game.  Add a beer and it's all good.
3	We happened to stumble into this place after having a hard time locating a joint still serving food at 1230am. We had a group of out of state friends in town for a tattoo expo which ran til 11pm and then of course they had to pack up for the night. So hungry and determined to find food we landed here after deciding it was just to close to cut off for food service at The Duce where we had orginally plan for and then being turn down at two other places. Needless to say we strolled up and joined other displaced expo vendors looking for the same thing...FOOD! Even then the place was packed and we promtly order some food. Warning to the wise if your hungry do not order a pizza! The guy who took our order never happened to mention that the rest of our party of 8 we all be finished with their plates long before our pizza would even arrive. My hubby who is never a blunt one made it pretty clear he was straving and when the server offered to bring out a side of fries for him we should have taken that as our hint. Which fries would have been great if those ever arrived which they did not. Everyone else is our party that had got the wings argeed they were good, the one who order the lobster bisque had to send it back to be reheated though the second one was just as cold. They tease you with a picture of sliders on the late night menu even though they are only served on I believe Monday they had said. Others had the flauntas and just said they were OK. When our pizza arrived I think we were past the point of even caring if it was good or not. On the positive side I would say this place is fairly priced for what you get and they seemed to have some good specials going for locals on certain days and thankfully on that night for us still serve food late night. Just next time it would be nice for them to actually mention the delay in the pizza when ordering if they would have been done we would have been fine and probably order something else to hold us over. Or even possibly following thru on bring out items when they say they will. Maybe on another late night downtown will make an appearance but it wouldn't be my first choice.
3	The food is pretty good, but you certainly pay a premium for its proximity to the stadiums! Prices are a little high.
2	The lobster bisque is amazing I do agree, however anything above and beyond the bar takes acts of congress to get right.. the server took it upon himself to assume I wanted a side portion instead of a dinner portion of a salad at dinner time (weird). It takes forever to get another beer, heaven forbid your thirsty on a bad day.... lastly by the time my husband was able to grab the attention of Said server for katsup and mustard his burger it was cold and my salad had yet to arrive.. hence the extra time to sip on my late beer waiting for dinner.. I would say there are better more collected establishments in the area... wait as I hear the second ring from the kitchen for the salad that I can see from the window but can not have... :(
5	I recently won a happy hour party for me and my friends, so we went last night.  The waiter was very friendly and attentive to our group.  The appetizers were wonderful and the waiter was very helpful when we asked what he recommended--his recommendations were right on!  We got an order of wings and asked to have the sauce on the side because we were not sure how it would taste--the wings came out nice and crispy--yum!  And it was perfect because some of us at them naked and some with the sauce--perfect!  The Italian nachos were great and we had few birthdays in our group so we were treated to some yummy dessert!  We will definitely be back!
1	Do want crappy service?  Do you want to be treated poorly by waitresses, managers and have rude nasty comments made to you?  Then pay a visit to Coach and Willies!!!  This hole will be right up your alley!!!We stopped there (a group of 5) prior to a DBacks game.  My friend ordered a burger without onions and it came with onions.  No biggee, and we told the waitress right away.  She never came back with a new burger nor did she want to remove it from our check. We never saw her during the entire meal it was so clear she was avoiding us on the burger incident.   When we mentioned it to her at the end of the meal, she was pissed and got nasty.  We said she should take it off the check but came back and said," I already ran your card so just take it out of my tip" and stormed away.  Then midget tough guy manager comes by and tells us how we are not being nice to our waitress and we should leave.  WTF?  The food is OK, if it's not cold when your get it.   The owner is the local bar drunk.  Don't bother going to this dump. Vote with your money.  It's just not worth it.  Look at the other comments.  The Service here just sucks and the employees are taught to have really bad attitude.  What would you expect if your owner were a drunk?We can't wait to see this dump go under.
4	Popped in here to watch the Giants football game with a NYG group today. Staff was nice as we had a whole corner to ourselves and plenty of drink and food specials. Mostly a baseball bar since things did fill up closer to DBacks start time. It was dead early, no CXardinals fans in sight. Anyway, I had the Turkey Diablo here, which sounds hot, but was not. It was a crazy good combo of roasted turkey, jalapeno bacon, pepper jack cheese and green chiles on toasted sourdough with some chipotle mayo. That was an impressive sandwich, but it was 12 bucks, slightly more than some entrees, but it was worthy. Fries weren't that great, could have been hotter. Great service on a busy sunday and a two wild memorable wins for both Big Blue and the Cards.
4	Coach and Willie's is a favorite stop anytime I visit from NY.  The atmosphere, the food and the service have been great on every occasion.  We have visited at busy times (D-backs games and Super Bowl week), and when nothing was going on (in town to visit friends) and have had no significant issues with anything.  Food is standard pub fare and well prepared and they have always treated us well.  In fact, there have even been a few drinks on the house.  Conveniently located near the ball park and the arena.  Can't wait til my next trip to Phoenix to visit our favorite downtown haunt again.
5	We held a brunch at Coach and Willies for family memebrs on sunday after our wedding. The manager Kevin had been in touch with me and had reserved us a private room just off the dining room for some privacy(at no extra charge)!!!! The service was excellent and the food was greatly enjoyed by everybody. We had people in from St Louis, Lexington, KY, Chattanoga, TN and everyone raved about the food. My wife and I eat there often for lunch and Sunday brunch. Food is always good and atmosphere is great with all the TV's. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone needing a great place to entertain.
1	I see so many posts recently, Coach and Willies was sold and turned in to Legends back in October 2012. Please know that when posting on this site. You should go to the Legends site to do so.
