2	The only reason I stopped by this IHOP was because my mom was craving pancakes after her doctor's appointment. Usually, I'm not a big IHOP person.I ordered the Bacon 'N Beef Bacon Cheeseburger because the thought of bacon IN the hamburger patty made squeal with glee. But when it arrived, I couldn't taste the bacon in the patty at all. Perhaps it was the fact the bacon on top overpowered the bacon in the patty... but it wasn't all I hoped. The fries were decent.Mom seemed happy with her pancakes and eggs. So I suppose it wasn't a total bust.I feel the need to add that we had the most amazing waitress here, though. Really. She was a lot of fun and ended up hovering over our table to play a quick game of key chain Boggle. :)But yeah... IHOP isn't my favourite place to eat.
3	It's an IHOP, my expectations aren't set unreasonably high. The kids always think it's funny to eat breakfast for dinner so we decided to stick with something safe.Our server was friendly and attentive. When I asked if my husband and I could exchange our iced teas for something else, it wasn't a problem. It tasted like it was brewed with dirty dish water. The only negative experience was the manager that was on duty. We overheard her speaking to the customers sitting in the booth next to ours about how, "normally we don't do this (some sort of substitution) but because your server said that we would then we will just this one time, but in the future we don't do it for free." Good job making the customer feel like the asshole. All in all it was fine. Not amazing, just fine.
1	Went here today, and will never be going back there or any other IHOP again for the rest of my life!In order, this is what happened:I went there with my mom and gran and I ordered the grilled chicken salad.  Got my plate and the slad was swimming in water.  I wanted to complian but didn't because my gran was treating.  So I just thought i'd suck it up and eat the watered down salad that Gordon Ramsey would have complained about.Because we were seated right next to the kitchen, I heard another waitress cursing to Carlos incredibly loud, whom I am guessing was the cook and she comes out looking like she was on a rampage over this guy.Our waitress gave my mom her cheeseburger and said "oh yeah, they forgot to put the cheese on it do ya want me to take it back or take the cheese off the check?" My mom just accepted her cheeseless cheeseburger with no condiments..  the waitress never gave that to us either.Suddenly as I was eating I got something pretty chewy in my mouth, thought it was bacon so I keep chewing... not going down, I spit it out and see it was a huge piece of plastic!I tell the waitress and all she can say is "ya the cook gets excited sometimes and doesn't pay attention when he is cooking."...Never coming back
5	We live close by and go here a few times a month. The staff is always friendly and the food is always good. I hardly think ordering one thing and having it not turn out how you expect deserves rating only one star. My order has never been wrong and I tend to ask for alternative stuff:)
1	Worse IHOP EVER!!! We have tried several times and each time they were significantly under staffed which means not getting your food in a decent time. Not an IHOP issue but a management issue.Tonight was the nail in the coffin! There was two tables seated, two servers and apparently the mgr who was the cook, yes the only cook. Took five minutes to get seated, 10 minutes to get our order taken at which we were told it would be a bit long because there was a large table (1 of the other 2) who would get their food first. Two more tables were sat and everyone got their food but us.... After an hour!With three kids and it being 8:30pm, figured Denny's would be a better choice. Don't go here unless you hate decent service and want to wait an hour for your food. Very sad!!
1	We've tried to go to this IHOP several times. Once, for dinner, we were warned by the staff it would be a long wait for our food, since there was only 1 cook. Tonight, about 7:00pm, we tried again. It was practically empty & they said the manager was helping cook in the kitchen. After 45 minutes of waiting & 2 rounds of drink refills, we still didn't have our food. We had to get up and go to Denny's. Some of the other IHOP locations are just fine! Just not this one!!
1	The employees were awesome, i got amazing service from everyone that passed my table, but there gravy was shit!
1	I hadn't checked the reviews, This IHOP was just close to where I had the gang this morning and I wanted to take them out to breakfast, so we went.  I mean its IHOP, how different can it be right?DO NOT GO TO THIS IHOP!It was average busy and we were seated relatively quickly.  Admittedly we were a big group (10).  Then a few more small groups came in and they asked us to move for a moment, and by moment they meant get up and go back to waiting so they could seat the other groups.  They had plenty of other seating, just too broken up to accommodate our group, but would have been fine for the others had I thought to make an issue of it before we were already up.  Then we heard the waitress complaining that she wasn't going to waste her time waiting on teenagers.  Admittedly, most of the kids I had with me were teenagers, but I'm in my 50's and was paying (if concern about teenager tipping was an issue).  After 20 minutes I gave up and took my kids somewhere else.  I don't remember the last time I was treated this badly at a restaurant short of when a staff member was melting down, and even then management can say its sorry.  Here management is in on the bad service.  I guess they know they get enough business off the IHOP name to now worry about customers coming back.
2	Not a good experience. Rob got three of our five orders wrong and even forgot to bring back some coffee after we returned the burnt coffee. We had to ask for silverware and napkins. He was always in a hurry despite there being only one in five tables occupied. I hope this was only a one time occurrence, but it just happened to be the one time I was visiting from California.
