4	Oh Sally!!Well this is your run of the mill Sally Beauty Supply, since I needed to go to Walmart I stopped here for conditioner. I always go to the one by my apartment for things and ALWAYS forget the conditioner! UGH! Today I was riding the bus so I was a little apprehensive about buying it (Its a gallon of conditioner!!) but I purchased it anyway.So the first thing I noticed is that this store is much wider than the others I've been to; which is nice because I'm a chubby and dont like when the girls are all up in my grill!! LOL. The layout is also pretty much the same: nail polish and eyelash and nails on the left, color and tools in the middle, and the weaves and hair curlers and bobby pins on the right. There was only one worker and she was helping these ladies who were trying to buy some acrylic nails and all that jazz so I was like impatiently waiting for her to finish since I needed to huff it to the bus! The cashier was very nice and even double bagged my jar o hair crap and threw away my water cup! What a lady! If I'm in the neighborHOOD again I'll def go by!
4	Somewhat helpful staff (at lease they are nice). Really affordable and great hours.
4	Its so nice to find a place that has all the hair supplies I need. I find their stores to always be chock-full of stuff (every inch of space is used!) and they always seem to have some sort of sale going. The staff are "somewhat helpful" as Leah says- I really don't expect them to know much anyway, as they are sales staff, not cosmetologists.  Prices are all right, and their variety is decent.
2	Not a huge fan.. I mean, the prices are ok, and the store is your typical sally's. It's clean and all.. But the employees, while generally polite, don't seem to have a clue what they're doing. I returned a box of straightening treatment after reading the reviews online. Half of them claimed this stuff ruined their hair. I wasn't really wanting to chance that, so I took it back. I told the lady why I was returning it and she got really snippy at me, letting me know that of course it wouldn't ruin my hair; they wouldn't sell it if it did! Err.. Ok, I guess all those people with ruined hair are totally wrong. Whatever. You ask for help choosing a product.. And not a single person there actually knows anything about their products. I don't normally expect employees to know much about their products.. But you ONLY sell hair care and styling supplies... You would think they'd know a LITTLE something about the products they stare at all day long. But whatever, I'm sure I'll continue to shop here; I just won't bother with  expecting service.
5	I buy all my have need supplies.  I get clipper attachments for my Oster classic clippers. They have everything you need for them. When you spend almost 300 bucks on a set of clippers you expect nothing but the best. The sales lady explained that the Clippers I have are one of the best you can buy. And after many use I have to admit quality of them is 2nd to none. If you come in here and you are in need of making a choice for anything they will explain in great detail the pros and cons. Staff is very helpful and friendly.  After going in there for clippers and dropping some serious money and now I'm leaving a review after a few months of purchase I've really had a chance to use the equipment and experience the quality. Will always recommend them and thank you to the staff for all the education and information that you gave me to make such a great choice in clippers. I've been back this week to purchase some new clipper blades and wow these clippers get better and better the more I use them. The have also made me hip to the proper lubricant to use for the Clippers and they also sold me a new bag to keep them in so they don't rust or become damaged while they are not being used. Thank you guys again. I will recommend people to use your business.
