5	Very thorough and professional. Excellent warranty and workmanship.  I would recommend these guys to anyone driving a european vehicle.
1	I took my car here to have the left rear catalytic converter replaced.  I was charged $635 and thought I was getting a deal since the dealership said it would be about $900 for them to do.  Since then I've had the right rear converter replaced, which only cost $300! The muffler shop I went to this time (in California) told me I had an after market FRONT catalytic converter in the left rear.  I called Frank's Mercedes Service to tell them of the situation, only to find out that they "purge" records. I DO NOT recommend for anyone to take their car here, and will think about changing my review, only if they make it right.
4	My 2005 Chrysler 300C is really just a Mercedes in Detroit clothing.  Frank's was able to align the front end to superb accuracy.  While doing the service they noticed that the track arm/bushings were installed incorrectly by another repair shop.  By relieving the torque incorrectly placed upon the bushings, Frank's guys eliminated the shimmy, too.In short, I went in for an alignment and drove away with multiple repairs of other shop's mistakes for the same price.   Plus they warrent the alignment for three years!Frank's has my respect and I will not be going any where else for my repairs.
4	While I have not have any repair work done on my 2010 GLK by Frank yet, I met the man at his soon to open location where Discount Tire used to be on the north side of Rainbow, just south of Lake Mead. You all probably know the location best as being between Joe Crab Shack, Daves Barbecue and Nevada State Bank.I had the most refreshing conversation with him about the concept of the service business. He came across as being honest and dedicated to both his employees and customers. He said the new location should be open by February, 2013, at the latest and I, for one, am very anxious to have Frank's as an option before my warranty expires. I'll let you know how it goes.
5	Beautiful facility, friendly knowledgable staff. I enjoyed my visit and so will you!
3	I have to say there customer service is great, however I frown upon the fact that they charge $115.00 right off the bat just to look at something that needs a repair which binds you to have the repair done there or you lose your money. I wouldnt mind paying that on a large repair but for a small repair like a broken stearing wheel lock, it can be very pricey. Not sure if I want to go back to have this done.
1	Misdiagnosed or tried to screw me.  That was over a year ago now.  It's good to get a second opinion.
4	Not cheap, but great to deal with and beautiful facility. Also cleaned my car like it has never been cleaned before - looks beautiful! Was able to do everything over the phone and by email. Just awesome!
5	Frank's doesn't do the pressure sales of added services etc. like Jiffy Lube and some others...   The place is clean, workers friendly, and they give complimentary beverages while you wait.  They cleaned my car inside and out and even left me a bottle of water in my beverage holder for the road.... nice touch
5	I took my wifes car to Franks for a regular service and was realy happy to find out that when I dropped off the car they gave me a ride back to work, then when it was done they came back and picked me up. After I paid my bill I got in the car and the car was washed inside and out and a cold bottle of water for the ride home. Just don't find service like that anymore. My hats off to the guys at Franks.
5	The Halo headlight in my BMW X5 was out, so I purchased a new one at an auto parts store.When I try to replace it,  I found out that is not that easy.I called Franks European Service and told the advisor that I would like to have the light bulb installed.He said, come over and we'll take a look and if is just the light bulb, then we will install it for free.So I took my X5 and they installed the light bulb for FREE! This is great customer service IMO. The Facility is nice and clean.I'll be using Franks for my future service needs.
2	Pretty disappointed in my experience here. First of all I called to get my car diagnosed. The guy quoted me $163. My car guy friend called them to get a price for my car to be diagnosed and he got $148. That was pretty messed. We specifically asked them if they had the software to code parts for newer mecedes, they said yes. Then I had my car towed there. They told me I would get a diagnosis and quote the next day. I didn't. When I called them the following day, they quoted me all my work. I looked over the invoice and called the guy back a couple hours later to tell him what I wanted to do and he didn't tell me when the car would be ready. I called the next day to see when it would be ready, they said tomorrow. They called me today to say actually we need 3 more days because they have to send out the part to be coded. They blatantly lied about this. They said they could code it when in fact they couldn't. If I'm spending over 2 grand at your store, underpromise and overdeliver. These guys are more overpromise and underdeliver. If you are looking for a Mercedes shop who can code their parts, this is NOT the place to go. Very disappointed in my experience.
2	I have to appreciate that Frank's gave me a call to improve my opinion of them, but unfortunately, I have moved away from the Vegas area. On top of all that, my car is having a hard time holding its idle after the work I had here. I'm going to have it worked on again....somewhere else.
5	After being lied to by Land Rover Las Vegas I took my 2004 Freelander to Frank's for a second opinion. Where LRLV told me I needed a $10K engine, Frank's diagnosed my car with needing a modern day tune up. BIG Difference! These guys were caring and talked me thru every question I had (and boy did I have a lot!!)Frank's added 40+ miles to my car road testing it to make sure everything was in tip top shape before giving it back to me. Pricy but worth every penny I spent. I love these guys and I love the fact that my car is not just their next rent payment!You have won my loyality!
