5	Man this truck is amazing! it's all pretty  much breakfast based sandwiches. I got a sloppy joe , chorizo patty, hash browns with egg, avocado, and some special onions. It was delicious. Definitely recommend. It's a new food truck on campus. Find it and try it out for yourselves. They serve breakfast all day pretty much. Run by recent grads of U of I.
5	we stopped by the truck at the lincoln square mall farmers market on saturday. per their website they operate on green street during weekends at bar time and on campus m-f breakfast/lunch hours. sloppy jose + plan b is what we ordered and both were great. sloppy jose sandwich had a chorizo patty which was unique. plan b was a spinach wrap with really sharp cheese. because the cheese and hummus were so flavorful it took over the sun dried tomato aspect of it a little but still great. beignets were topped with honey and powdered sugar - which we shared. the hash browns looked great but we did not have room to eat any. i ordered coffee which was fine. fast and friendly service + great food = success. writing this entry is making me hungry.
5	Hands down the best food truck at University of Illinois!Amazingly. Cracked's unique menu is perfect for breakfast/lunch and late night drunk food. I love it because it's filling, my girlfriend loves it because it's healthy, but we both agree that everything they offer is absolutely delicious. From the specialty ingredients, spreads, and sodas to the friendly staff and low prices, it's hard to justify not eating here.Try it if you haven't already!
4	I would give this mobile restaurant five stars..and believe I still want to..but I waited at the farmer's market for about 30 min. for my vegasim and came home with a sunburn..love the graphics on the truck and the whole concept and my sixteen year old can run down their location on his phone.  What is not to love when I heard they serve a fried egg on just about everything....I'm in
5	Best Food Truck in Champaign/Urbana! I frequently go to Cracked in the morning on my way to work. I've tried a couple things on the menu. The Morning Bender, a mixture of hash browns, egg, cream cheese, and cheddar cheese, is simply amazing, especially with some Sriracha hot sauce. I've also tried their Vegasm, which is also pretty delicious with the spicy chipotle sauce. Honestly, the baguette bread from Pekara is what seals the deal with all of these sandwiches. It is probably more than one would like to spend on breakfast from a food truck but the sandwiches are delicious, filling, and worthwhile.
4	I've eaten here twice and got the same thing -- the Morning Bender.   It's a soft yummy roll, filled with hash browns, onions, sour cream and an egg.   It is SOOOO good.  Really hits the spot.  I just wish the egg was a bit more runny -- but I guess it's supposed to be a little on the well done side so it doesn't drip and leak all over you.  But  I guess you could order it runny.   I haven't tried anything else, but I do look forward to trying the "Goy Vey" next time.... it's has the added joy of salami.... oooh.... cholesterol hike!!!  Anyway, I wanted to try their beingets, but I was too late... they ran out and/or took it off their menu.
5	super tasty sandwiches, tots and coffee. anyone that serves chorizo has my business! quick and friendly service. good music while you wait. can't wait to go back soon!
5	I am forever thankful for Cracked's existence!  It's awesome to finally have a place so close to the Siebel Center where I can get fresh, delicious food so quickly.  They have a great variety of both breakfast and lunch options, make everything fresh to order, and are flexible with customizing.  I appreciate how they have wraps in addition to just baguettes, because I don't like a lot of bread with my sandwiches.  The guys who run it are very friendly and seem to work very hard to remember regulars' names and keep the truck open so often throughout the week.  I'd rather support a local business built by my peers than a chain restaurant any day, and Cracked totally deserves it.
5	Fast and friendly service. I had the Morning Bender sandwich and it was delicious. I'm looking forward to trying the others.
4	I was lucky enough to eat at the Cracked truck in the Food truck Oasis at bonnaroo. There are few things I like more in this world than a perfectly cooked egg and I know I'm gonna love a truck that makes this humble food their star ingredient. I did what I had to do and ordered the Goy Vey (bacon, hard salami, hash brown and a fried egg with sweet and spicy cream cheese on a ciabatta roll). This was glorious and for sure the best breakfast-for-dinner I've had in a long time. The sweet and spicy cream cheese made this not your regular run of the mill breakfast sandwich. The only downfall was the hash brown was fairly thin and hard to discern amongst all that fluffy bread.
5	Really amazing food. Great breakfast sandwiches prepared well and creative mixes of ingredients. Unique food you won't find anywhere else and at a price that'll ensure you keep coming back.I'd been looking to try Cracked for a long time and was thrilled to finally get the chance the other week. Looking forward to trying Cracked again next time I'm in Champaign.
5	Cracked has the best food on campus. 5 bucks for the best breakfast burrito you've ever had.
1	Ordered a sandwich on a baguette. Got the sandwich, seemed like it was the wrong size/shape, so I double checked that it was on a baguette. I was told yes. Walked back to my office and found it was a soft doughy round roll. So either their definition of a baguette is way off or they messed up my order.Also, there's a minimum for credit cards. The first time I tried to come here, they didn't have guac or baguettes left, so I tried to get just a side -- but I didn't have cash and they said the order was below their credit card limit. So even though the fillings were pretty alright and it's only a block away, between the payment issues and the bread issues, I won't be back.
5	Cracked is about as good as breakfast gets in Champaign/Urbana. They've got a solid menu that can cater to any taste and a friendly staff. There's always music playing and the truck itself is a sight to see. If the line isn't backed up due to the rush from class being let out you can get a hot, fresh sandwich in just a couple minutes.My personal favorite is the Vegasm with the Goy Vey being a close second.
4	I had this late night after drinking at the U of I. Don't know how much that factored in for my love of the food but wow was that awesome. Really tasty tots.
5	Every bite of a morning bender is a spiritual experience. It doesn't matter when I get one, be it 9 am, 2 pm, or after midnight, the cracked truck does not disappoint. I could actually live on these sandwiches and look forward to seeing this radical food truck at the Urbana farmers market starting next Sunday!
5	I've been wanting to try out the Cracked truck for awhile now and I was NOT disappointed.  The Morning Bender with bacon was just awesome.  Husband got the breakfast burrito and was not disappointed- the only breakfast burrito we've found in CU that comes close to what we got used to in Southern CA.  Different, but just as delicious.  Husband asked for no onions and they were happy to accommodate.  Remember, it's a food truck, not a gourmet restaurant, so they probably can't cater to EVERY picky thing you might want to change, but we were more than happy with our experience and will absolutely be back!
5	FINALLY! I have driven past the truck lots of times, I finally got some Cracked this weekend at a festival in downtown Urbana. The burrito I got was AMAZING! I forgot what it was called, but holy cow, it was great. Also split some tots with my friends. They were crisp, delicious and had truffle oil and parmesan! Friendly workers, good food, quick service...do yourself a favor and try it out!
3	For the past few months, I've come to the conclusion that Champaign-Urbana has some sort of obsession with hockey-puck like bread.   It's hard, dense and a chalkenge to eat.  Cracked serves these buns.... The Butcher Shop serves these buns, Prairie Fruits creamery serves these buns during their pop-up dinners.  ENOUGH!  I want a soft squishy bun that compliments the contents of your sandwich.  i want the bun to slop up the juiciness of the meat, cheese or egg....or whatever condiment you put on it.m The bread is not supposed to be a challenge to eat... The hardness/thickness/denseness allows the 'in-between stuff' to start tectonic shift/slide between the union of bread and meat....trust me, if i'm not the only one in the restaurant, there are a lot of other people (adults AND kids) who just eat the filling and leave the bun for garbage.  YOU NEED a soft squishy bun!!!  (Like Black Dog!!)  Stop with the stale hockey puck like bread!!  Just because you source from local places doesn't mean it's good.  You have a good thing going Cracked.... But get a soft squishy bun!  Please and Thank you.
4	What an awesome truck, especially for my first food truck review! All the good things I've heard about Cracked are most certainly true, and coming from someone who doesn't have too much experience with food trucks, I was impressed.I went to their Springfield & Matthews location one morning and perused the menu. I decided on a morning bender with bacon and parmesan tots.The sandwich itself is a pretty decent size and you get a decent amount of tots too.This, friends, is the definition of a quality breakfast sandwich. A fried egg, bacon, hash brown, and even a unique touch of cream cheese. Oh, did I mention the floured bun, too? Be sure to add some Sriracha hot sauce!The tots were SO GOOD. They had a nice parmesan taste/breading and it was a really interesting flavor to be had on the traditional tator tot. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the price! I know, I know, not everything can be cheap but my entire breakfast (without a drink) was almost $10! Just getting the sandwich or the tots would be ideal to save money, but probably not enough for someone who enjoys a more complete, larger breakfast.Regardless, the food was awesome and I'm sure I'll be back to try some of the other items.
5	Woke up early on a Saturday morning just to try the truck with my roomie at the Farmer's Market. Let's just say the Vegasm is just that. Those sun-dried tomatoes, pesto...all of it was enough to make a girl swoon and then some. The line looked super intimidating, but I'd say we had our food in around 5 minutes. Prompt, piping hot and delicious. Did I mention they take card? My only complaint is that they cater mostly to the Engineering Quad. I see the truck parked at Wright and Green like clock work, but it's mostly by this remote street way into computer science land. Not terrible, but why can't you give the humanities some love? Or the South Quad? Just a suggestion.
4	I ordered a hungry chief and liked it. People were friendly and price is in the cheap side. Miami people here recommend morning bend and I sure want to try it out next time.
