1	I just came in for my 1:30 pm consultation on 12/8/09.  I actually arrived ten minutes early.  I walked out along with whatever thousands of dollars you would have charged me. Let me tell you why. I initially called the 800 number to set the appointment. They refused to give me any information about what they do. I asked if this is a surgery center, they refused to answer. I told them I wanted my double chin reduced or removed and "do you do surgery?".  They said I would have to come in for a consultation. Then they transferred me to the local office since it was same day.  They gave me the same run-around, but I thought, maybe that's how these things work. I arrived, and they asked me to fill out 3 pages of information prior to my consultation. I said, "first, can you tell me if this is a surgery center?" and they wouldn't answer. So I asked "Is this some kind of miracle cream pitch?" and they finally said "No", "we do surgery". I said I'd rather not have to fill out all the info as I was going to go to three separate consultations before making my decision on where to have my surgery, but she insisted. Ok, but really, 3 pages of my info before even talking to me?  Ok, maybe that's how these things work.I filled it out, and while doing so, the office lady said "Let me turn up the volume on the TV as this is the initial part of your consultation".  Seriously?  It's nothing but testimonials and I already got that on your website.  What a disappointment this was turning into.  Then, despite having arrived 10 minutes early, the lady tells me that since I arrived so late, my appointment wouldn't take place for at least 40 minutes (or 2:10pm).  What?!?!  Is that how you do business?  Why not just tell me your first appointment is at 2:10?   I spent an hour of my day and a gallon of my gas to try and pay you thousands of dollars for elective surgery and this is how you treat your customers?!?  So I asked the lady if I could have my information back as I was leaving, and she said "Well, since your hopping from doctor to doctor we should keep it".  What?!?!  If I were an investor in this company, I would cringe at the money walking out the door for lack of patient customer service.
5	I have been reading all the boohoo reviews all the other disgruntled patients have given this center. I made my initial consultation appointment, arrived late and was still seen right away. I filled out the paperwork they asked for because they need to screen you in order to make sure you are even a candidate for this procedure. they ask questions about your health in general, medications you are taking, procedures you've had in the past and even some questions to evaluate your mental state. This to make sure you are not doing this to make someone else happy or to become happier yourself as this is the wrong reason to have plastic surgery in the first place. I was told what to expect before, during and after and also what results I could be realistic and expect from this procedure. The surgeon then asked me if I would be happy with these results then he could proceed. He also cautioned me that since I was on hypertension medication if I came in the day of surgery with high blood pressure the  surgery would be canceled because they're main priority was my safety. The day of surgery went as scheduled, that night I called the Doctor as I was in a lot of pain and he told me exactly what to do and what to take, if I didn't feel better to call again. I fell asleep went in the next day to take the bandages off. Everything look great, one week to the day I have no bruising minimal swelling and feel pretty good. I know that the success of any surgical procedure begins with the health of the patient involved. these other patients that complain about extensive pain,bruising,swelling must not have been in the best state of health to begin with. I am 54 years old prepared for this day with multiple antioxidant supplements, used bromelean and arnica religiously weeks before and weeks after orally and topically for bruising and swelling. Yes there was pain and it was uncomfortable....people this is SURGERY!!  1 week later the results are phenomenal!! can't wait till all the swelling is down, my family says that I look like I did when I was much younger..Dr Robledo even corrected another surgeons mistake..thank you, thank you!!!
1	Beware if you see Dr. Joseph K. Bivens for a consultation. I worked for Dr. Bivens in Las Vegas, NV and know first hand how he practices. He is a dishonest man. I have personally witnessed his dishonesty toward patients and staff.
1	BEWARE!!! This guy is KNOWN for mutilating and butchering people! He runs from state to state and does this with incredulity! He MUST be stopped. He BUTCHERED my wife then left LifeStyle Lift, who refunded our money when they saw what he did to her.
