5	I used A&B to take care of my office. Ryan was very friendly, helpful, and knowlagable. He re-keyed every door inour office, installed a deadbolt, and fixed my front door in a very reasonable amount of time and he cleaned up after he was done. 5 stars.
4	I recently had this company out and was not happy with the first guy that came out. He was grumpy and unhelpful. We called the office and we were going to cancel, but the office lady stated she would send out another tech. She sent out Luis Sanchez the next day. He was nice and knew what he was doing. He saved the day for A & B Security. Based on the first tech I was going to cancel and post bad review, but Luis did a great job!!
5	Called on Thursday at 455pm, got appt for 9am next day, Jim was here right on time, pleasant, honest.  I loved that they would tell me the prices of things over the phone before they got here.  It's almost 10am and I'm writing this review, he even fixed a lock that had a small problem which he could have lied about to charge me more! I got 4 locks fixed for $80 total.  did use coupon on their website also. I am pleased.
5	I selected A&B Security Group because of all the favorable comments here on Yelp.We had an issue with our home security system.  I called A&B on a Monday morning.  Their home security system technician (Jay) was busy on the phone, so I left a voicemail.  He returned my call first thing Tuesday morning, and we arranged a time for him to come out Wednesday for a service visit (we were busy on Tuesday, so we had him wait until Wednesday.)On Wednesday, he called when he was on the way, and arrived within the 1 hour agreed-to appointment range.Jay was quickly able to troubleshoot our problems and make all but one repair.  He didn't have one of the parts needed, but came back first thing the next morning with the needed part, and everything was done!Jay and A&B's service was friendly and professional.  I also thought their rates were reasonable, considering the work we had done, plus the fact he had to come back out with the missing part.I would not hesitate to recommend A&B Security Group.We used them in June 2013.
5	From the first phone call through the service visit, these guys are professional, knowledgeable and trustworthy. DL was great! I hardly ever bother to write reviews, but this company stands out among others. Will not hesitate to use them again.
5	Very nice and thorough!  Previous owners of the house had two different locks on the front door and the garage so one of the locks had to be replaced.    The technician totally understood that we were on a budget and didn't try and scam me into buying a bunch of needless or expensive parts.  He was very prompt and professional.  Very happy with the service we received.
5	Very satisfied with the installation of my new home alarm system. Charles, the electronics supervisor,  is competent and responsive.This company seems interested in providing a quality product and good service. I think I made a good pick!
5	Thanks to Yelp I found A&B Security Group and boy am I glad! I called early this morning and got a callback from the tech asking if he could arrive sooner than I expected him. Naturally I was happy to hear this. The service was fast, courteous and a job well done! I needed two new locks on my security screen and the job was done perfectly. I also bought the Yelp voucher which made this experience all the more sweeter. I would recommend A&B Security Group to anyone who needs new locks or anything pertaining security. Many Thanks!
5	Fast, prompt and professional service. I'd recommend this company to all family and friends.
5	These guys were fantastic.  I called, got an estimate and used the yelp voucher which saved me $40 on my service.  We just moved here and needed new keys cut for our mailbox.  They were here exactly on time (wooowwww).  He did his work quick and efficiently and charged me exactly what I was quote over the phone!  Satisfied.
5	wow excellent service!  Had an issue with a lost key for 3 different locks.  They came out free of charge to asses the situation the next day and gave me a such a great price.   All the other companies wanted to charge me $65 just to come out then another $75 per lock plus an additional labor charge of $40 when they hadn't even seen what kind of lock it was.  A&B came out for free to asses the situation before they started giving me crazy prices over the phone.  Needless to say these locks were not that complicated and A&B did not have to charge me even close to what others were pricing me.  Will for sure be using them again and I feel fortunate I called around for better rates and service.  Thank you!    A++
5	Gary and Jay are security experts and helped me understood what I need to protect my family...and maybe just as importantly what I DON'T need. True professionals
