3	A beauty supply staple in the Charlotte area for years and years, Tisun has delivered a huge selection of products ranging from wigs, hair care lines from a to z, weave, hair accessories, and even has a hair salon in the back...........I'm talking full service.  They carry my favorite brand of african soap and the largest selection I've seen of Miss Jessie's hair care products.  It's located in the shady strip mall off of North Tryon, but don't mind that as I can almost guarantee you they have what you need or can no doubt get it.
4	I admit that I knew NOTHING about wigs or hairpieces before I stepped into this place.  I went with a friend who is a regular customer and when she revealed to me she wore wigs I had to check it out because I thought hers looked great.  I have to say that I was thoroughly impressed with the selection of not only hair pieces and wigs but the selection of hair care products.  I became so fascinated that I purchased two wigs from them and received nothing but rave reviews across the board.  The staff isn't the most outgoing in terms of asking if you need assistance but they are knowledgeable and when asked have always been professional.    I would recommend this place to anyone since I think they offer such a wide variety of products that I can't imagine that you couldn't find what you were looking for in there. (They are short of one star only because I really don't particularly care for the neighborhood and wish they would open up another location that was a bit more accessible and a bit less "rough".  I think they would make a killing anywhere they went).
4	This beauty supply store has everything and then some, but with all beauty supply shops you have to have an idea of what you need to make yourself beautiful because no sales people come up and educate you on the vast products that they have. They take their clientele for granted.
5	Honestly this store is great. They have everything you can imagine relating to hair and then some. Just make sure you know what you want.
1	The cashiers up front and the management sucks. Was with a friend who was trying on a wig and the manager was yelling at her let a kid. Disrespectful. Only go here where its a product that no other store carries
4	All I can say is that it's the Disneyland of beauty supplies....Or maybe Mall of America....
4	Insane amounts of wigs, hair, clothing, and beauty supplies for all ethnicities. They also have a 99 cent jewelry section. But beware the jewelry off to the side, it's way overpriced. I'll definitely be back though, got several items I couldn't find anywhere else since moving to Charlotte.
5	I recently visited this beauty supply store on my visit to Charlotte to attend a friend's housewarming. I visited the salon despite the reviews here because my usual stylist was not available before I left Winston Salem. When I arrived I was greeted kindly and I was tended to quickly. I was serviced by Rosy (the stylist on the end right). She gave me a hair consultation and listened to everything I asked, not like most stylist that do whatever they feel. I received a trim, color and partial extensions and absolutely LOVE IT! I was most impressed by how knowledgeable this stylist is about most all hair types and products. She gave me advice on how to care for and maintain my hair, as it was my first time getting extensions, and so far so good. All of my friends gave me complements at the housewarming and I feel more than confident with my new look. I will definitely be sending more friends that way and recommend this place to anyone looking for quality knowledgeable service at a great price. I will be returning on my next visit to Charlotte.
1	Terrble. I havent been to a beauty supply store this insulting in my life. The little store clerk followed me around..asked me to model my hair in a hand held mirror instead of the full size and stood over me the entire time I tried the different hair styles. I was highly offended and uncomfortable. How do you expect people to purchase your overpriced products when you dont give them the freedom to shop? I have been to several other beauty supply stores without this issue there is no excuse for stalking customers. Also, I left the store...didnt buy anything because I was so annoyed and went to EZ Beauty on Tyvola who had the exact same thing for $40 cheaper! My advice for Tisun...come to 2014 and invest in a security camera like every other store on earth!
1	I hate to leave a negative review because I love getting hair here but I realized today they're ripping people off. I bought hair and it was $99 on the price sticker. When I got home I noticed the sticker had been placed over another. I peeled back the sticker and the other price was $45 and they tried to sharpie through it. Over a 50% markup?!?! I believe I'll start shopping elsewhere!
