5	Hidden gem tucked behind Frasher's. Zero pressure sales people. Nice selection of contemporary furniture will prevent your pad from becoming an IKEA catalog. Very not-Scottsdale prices  make it worth the drive for floor model deals, but I also ordered off their site using the $50 off card they give the first five customers on sale days. Quality furniture for the price level, best in class. If you're swimming in money or don't have kids, skip this place and go to DWR. For the rest of us, well worth seeing what they have.
5	This place is a true gem. I thought a place called jacks warehouse would be basically a hole in the wall with crappy furniture, but my husband and I were desperate for a new couch that didn't cost a fortune. So we found this place on yelp, and decided what the hell. The furniture here is great!!! I wanted everything, and actually could afford the majority of it. They had really great leather couches and furniture at amazing prices. One of the best things about this place was the salesman. I know.... Salesmen suck, usually they are so annoying and pushy but this guy just introduced himself and then went back to his desk. So nice to be left alone to look. And when we did have a question, he was super knowledgable and helpful. We ended up buying a great couch, that we've now had for about a month. It's great quality and we love it. I will say that I was a little ticked off because they screwed up our delivery date.... but, I forgive them because they made it up to us by up grading our delivery for free. So glad we found this place! We bought a great new couch and we will definitely be back!!
5	I was so frustrated with so many furniture stores that have high pressure salesman and horrible customer service such as Ashley's. I came across Jack's Warehouse purely by accident and was pleasantly surprised. As promised, their customer service was outstanding. I felt very welcomed from the moment I stepped in the door to the delivery and set up which was equally as fabulous!
5	This is a wonderful furniture store. Yes, they have quality furniture for great prices, but the true reason you should shop here first is their perfect customer service. The gentleman who helped us was not at all pushy, yet spent an hour helping us pick out the best furniture for our new apartment. The furniture was delivered exactly on time by a man who went above and beyond by helping my small girlfriend carry in a large couch, despite us only paying for a curbside delivery. After shopping around for a month, we found one of the best furniture stores in the Valley.
4	My wife and I visited Jack's Warehouse based on the other reviews on Yelp.  Don, the store manager was more than helpful in assisting in our purchase of furniture for both the master bedroom and living room of the condo that we recently purchased.  Since we live out of town, Don was accomodating in meeting the dates that we would be in town to have the furniture delivered.  The furntiure was delivered without issue and Nick, the delivery manager, was timely in his contact to finalize the delivery date and time as well as follow up prior to their actual arrival.  Nick and his delivery partner took care in ensuring no issues with the delivery of the furniture and ensured that every piece was assembled without issue.  Great job with this.Once the furniture was unpacked for the bedroom, we discovered two pieces had some damage and they were quick to point out the issues with the pieces.  They called and ordered replacements and I had them within three days.Overall, the company was great, the quality of furniture for the price is outstanding and the employees were wonderful to work with and certainly would order through them again.
5	I can't say enough wonderful things about this place. My husband and I were looking to replace our couches, a love seat and a sofa. We looked around online for a while and ended up finding this place while we were searching. We came to the store a couple days later with a pretty good idea what we were looking for. When we walked in we were greeted immediately but their incredibly friendly staff. They explained the layout of the store, and then let us look around pressure free. As soon as we made our decision, it was an easy and fast checkout. We will get delivery of our couches in a few days, and can't wait. We ended up with 2 (non floor model) leather couches for $1185 including tax and delivery. Can't beat that!! Good quality furniture for really reasonable prices with wonderful staff. We will definitely be back... I saw a bedroom set that I'm pretty sure I'm going to need soon! ;-)
4	I found the website online and went through the selection Jacks warehouse offered. I was really skeptical though. I kept telling my husband there is no way they are selling good quality stuff for these prices. I was sure that it all looked high end in photos but was going to feel like ikea furniture when we got there. Boy was I WRONG!!! What you see is what you get. My husband and I stopped in today and loved so many pieces. Considering we just bought our 1st house and are working with a clean slate we thought we would have to go to tons of stores and deal with pushy sales people. That was not the case. Their selection is fabulous and although there is plenty of help around the store they were not in our face about anything. When it did come down to asking some questions they were all very kind and helpful. We plan on browsing their site a bit more and placing a huge order soon. I am so excited to have found this  hidden gem.
4	My husband and I recently purchased a house and needed some new furniture. I saw good reviews on Yelp and finally decided to go here last Saturday. I've been to the shopping plaza before (Hobby Lobby) but never really noticed Jack's Warehouse. The have a large sign out front, plenty of parking, and quite a few furniture items as you walk up. The staff was friendly and let my husband and me walk around a bit before introducing herself (Cindy) and asking if we needed help. We told Cindy we were looking for a nightstand or smaller table that was around 22" high. She said she didn't think they had anything that low in the store, but to check online because the physical location only has about 10% of what they have online. Also, anything ordered online can be shipped to the warehouse within 2 - 3 business days. We thanked Cindy and browsed a bit more. While the store is huge, they only had a small section of bedroom items (beds, nightstands, etc) but on the other hand, they had a very large dining table display. Unfortunately we didn't find what we were looking for in-store, but told Cindy we'd check online. Overall, the staff was friendly and the store was clean. I'll definitely be checking online.
4	Big selection and a good price range for all budgets.  I found many pieces I liked in this store.
1	I do not know what the others are talking about, but we made the 30 minute drive to this place; what a letdown after all the hype.Furniture overpriced and there is a significant lack of products to look at; more like an outhouse as to space than  a warehouse.
5	While Jacks Warehouse might not cater to everyones needs, I will give them 5 stars for above & beyond customer service. NEVER have I been treated so well by a retailer.I called with a manufacturers defect one year after purchase and not only did Jack's make it right, they did it in a timely, friendly & extremely helpful manner. If you are looking for that certain "Piece" for your home, add them to your places to shop. You will not be sorry.
5	I live in Green Bay, WI and recently purchased a house in Phoenix.  I needed to furnish it in a short period of time, but would only be in town for 1 week to accomplish this task.  While I reviewed several furniture sites prior to my trip, and Jack's Warehouse stood out in selection, quality, price, and especially in "customer service".  I contacted them via their website hoping Jack's Warehouse could deliver.  I was not disappointed!Cindy responded to my email (and by phone) to set up an appointment/consultation within a day or so. She could not have been more pleasant and helpful with the design process.  Cindy came to my new home and even assisted me on her day off with design options and my questions.  That is going "above and beyond", to help a customer on your day off!The furniture was in great shape and delivered on time.  The delivery men were very personable, patient with furniture placement (I changed my mind a few times of where some pieces would go), and they wiped down each piece at the end of the day.  I have never experienced such personal service!I have had many compliments on the furniture and I could not have furnished my entire home without the superior "customer service" from Jack's Warehouse.  Thank you Cindy and the awesome delivery men who worked so hard!
3	They're relocating soon, so I'm pretty sure this review won't hurt them. Just want people to know that their showroom is almost depleted, and their prices aren't that low since they're not going out of business. Stop by if you're around, but DON'T make a long drive because you're much better off just looking at their website. In fact, the manager tried sitting me down in front of their computer...
2	We went to Jack's because of the great reviews, but I simply don't know where all these positive vibes are coming from. It's currently located in an industrial area (not surprising, but still a bit sketchy), and we were literally the ONLY car in the parking lot other than that of the employees. This was on a Saturday afternoon too, so not exactly a dead time for shopping.The selection was limited, and the saleswoman there did not even notice we had entered until we'd been wandering around for about five minutes. Keep in mind, we were the only customers in the store- now I know why. The prices were mediocre- not great, but not terrible. I will say this- they did have a fantastic art collection on the walls. I might go back for artwork, but with the indifferent sales team and the odd/deserted location I would not recommend this store for furniture shopping.
