5	Went here for restaurant week. Right away the host was very welcoming and talkative. The bartender was helpful in picking a drink. The food was so good. Loved the olive oil cake and the  spread that came with the bread. At the end the chef even came out to talk with us about the food and the hotel. Never again I'm I going to think that eating at a hotel restaurant is weird.
4	This place has great ambiance. If you are looking for a date place, check out the interior of the Wise.  It is well lit but cozy.  This is a restaurant in a hotel but no need to be a guest at the hotel to try out this place.  The outdoor patio of the wise is covered from the fun and makes a nice time for a Badgers game.  On a regular day, I would not recommend it because the noise from the street is annoying while you eat.  The food is great.  I have only tried a few things on the menu but I appreciate their take on food.  I like to have a cocktail and a few small appetizers when I am there.  The Wise  can be an early cocktail place, a late cocktail place or a dinner place.  The service staff is great and very friendly.
5	My husband and I had gone here during a food tour last fall. We were intrigued enough that when a coupon came up we decided it was worthwhile to try again. And, boy, are we glad that we did!First, if you are eating at the Wise, you are able to park at the HotelRed. This came in handy with all of the snow everyone and the cold making it so we didn't want to walk to fair.We started with some tea and coffee because, even though it was lunch, it was our first meal of the day and we both wanted to wake up and warm up a bit. My husband actually was really surprised at the Alterra coffee and that it was great.We started with the crab cake starter. There was a bit of lemon that gave it such a nice brightness and there was lot of crab in the three crab cakes. Perfect for a sharable lunch appetizer.The executive chef actually came out to clear plates and see how things were going. When we mentioned the lemon to him, he perked up and really seemed to enjoy the feedback. He asked if they were good enough for us to come back for and we agreed they were.I had the grilled cheese which was grilled cheese with bacon and apple jam on some delicious, crunchy, Madison Sourdough. How could you go wrong? The flavors were all so perfectly balanced and I was actually able to taste each of the ingredients. They played well together. For a side, I got the fries and smoked paprika aioli sauce. They were absolutely fine and the sauce was tasty.My husband had the Hereford beef burger with bacon and chevre. He actually thought the greens on top added a brightness to the salad-something he never thinks! He thought the tanginess of the chevre worked perfectly with the beef. He also got the fries, but opted for the wasabi aioli. It wasn't as spicy as we expected.Also, since we had the discount, we opted for a couple of cocktails to warm us up. I had the infraRED which was a raspberry vodka martini and my husband had a Moscow mule. We both liked our drinks. They were well prepared, but nothing too fair out of the ordinary.The prices were great and we'd definitely go back even without discounts. The appetizers were about $10. Each of the mains was $10-$12. The fries and dip were an extra $1.50. Maybe just one of us would order them next time and share. However, I can definitely say there will be a next time!
3	I ate here for the first time yesterday (been there for drinks before though). I was pleasantly surprised. The options were somewhat limited but each item we tried had a unique spin on traditional food. I think it is somewhat expensive for the portion size, but I suppose that is expected for hotel dining. They also use high quality and local ingredients. Also, the drinks I saw them make were precisely measured and looked WEAK... no Plaza Tavern pours here! We used the yelp offer which made it much more reasonable. I would go back if I had another special offer, but not for cocktails.
4	We stayed at HotelRed this weekend and received 2 complimentary cocktails with our room (Travel Zoo deal). My husband got a beer and I had one of the best Manhattans I've had (stirred!).  They have a limited selection of whiskeys and tap beers but the ones they have are all good.
4	Had lunch there today - it was delicious. The spinach, arugula, and goat cheese salad was a little light on arugula and a little heavy on candied walnuts - but really good - almost a dessert. The fries were salt and peppered to perfection. The grilled cheese was probably the best I've ever had. Decadent. A-frame Amber on tap is great. I'd like to see a few more micro taps - everything else was pretty typical: spotted cow, hopalicious, and some others. My wife had the pulled pork and gave it a thumbs-down - she said it might be a style thing though - she was expecting bbq'ed pork...A bit pricey at $40 + tip for lunch for 2, but impressively good. I'll be back.
2	My boyfriend and I went here on a Wednesday evening and used a coupon.The prices were very high and the food was very mediocre at best.We ordered what looked like two very promising salads ($12.00 each), and were quite disapponted with the quality and overall taste of them.  They both advertised including goat cheese or chevre, but the amount on the salad was almost non-existent.  The beat salad boasted roasted beets, but they were served boiled.  The salads in general were small, given the price.  Presentation was perfect, but taste fell very flat. They were both over-dressed, and just seemed to be missing something, or were simply off the mark.  The spinach and arugula were old, not fresh (had to pick out some brown and rotting pieces), and in general, the salad seemed sad and not at all lively.We also ordered the beef shoulder with horseradish sauce, onion marmalade and potoato ($17.00).  This dish was nicely presented, and while advertised as a small plate, was fairly generous.  It tasted good and seemed to be of nice quality.  This dish brought my rating from a one star up to two stars.I was very disappointed with the salads especially, and would not go back.  The pricing of the food did not justify the quality and quantity.  However, I will give an A+ for food presentation!  To their great credit, The Wise also uses local and sustainable food from Jones Dairy Farm, RP Pasta, Stella's of Madison, Garden to be, Parisi family farms & Madison Sourdough.Atmosphere is loud and not at all intimate.
3	Good service, food was okay. It's sort of a tapas-style place, with slightly bigger portions. I'd note the beer selection is good, however.
4	I chose this location for a dinner with very important clients from out of town.  They had a private room, which allowed for a quiet space for conversation, for a reasonable fee. The set-up was gorgeous (modern design) and group-friendly (size about 14). The server was fantastic- super polite, present without creating a uncomfortable, hovering presence, and knowledgeable about the menu and wine.  One of the best serving experiences I've ever had. He checked in with me at regular intervals to make sure we had anything we needed- including the transition from our cocktail hour to dinner.  Food was delicious, and reasonably price. Wine selection was more interesting than many other restaurants in Madison, while also keeping to a reasonable price point (by the bottle). They do have a limited number of entrees available for each entree, so unless you order in advance, some people may need to change their menu picks for dinner. For me, for this dinner, it wasn't a critical issue, especially since they advised me of this in advance. Overall, wonderful. I plan to use them for business dinners in the future-- and return for personal occasions as well.
5	I could write an ode to the cocktail menu at the Wise.All of their drinks are very creative & every single one I've tried has been amazing! Go soon & try the Cool Mule off of their summer menu (or the original Moscow Mule if you're not into cucumber in your drinks). They have amazing flavor!Also, the frittes are hard to beat. Our favorite dipping sauce is the basil mayo.They have happy hour on week days with some decent drink & appetizer specials. HIGHLY recommended!
3	Cool  atmosphere happy hour not bad.. Fish tacos are pretty Delish will come back again. Close to stadium which is nice for game day
2	Whelp.That didn't go well. I've been to the Wise several times before and I know folks will give me a hard time for not writing about the more positive experiences I've had there. But in truth, the service, cocktails and food have never really blown me away, and now tonight (after probably the worst experience I've had there) I feel like it's time I come clean Madison. I've never understood the greeting/seating situation. I understand it's a hotel lobby restaurant, informal in nature, but we stood for about 5 minutes tonight watching staffers pass us by before a bartender finally greeted us and told us to take a seat anywhere. In my opinion 5 minutes is 5 minutes too long to wait to acknowledge people who are about to spend money at your establishment. It got worse. Apparently they ran out of grapefruit juice and instead of asking the person I was dining with whether or not he wanted something else to drink as they couldn't make the cocktail he requested, they simply substituted cranberry juice. I don't feel like I need to expand but DO feel like anytime I run out of anything while cooking or preparing a libation, I will forever just add cranberry juice. The red spread which I've had multiple times lacked flavor. Like... any flavor. It tasted like cold red paste. Not salty paste that you ate when you were a kid. Flavorless paste. The meatloaf slider was ok, probably the highlight of our night, but the evening was so dismal that this highlight was more of a fading flicker. The "popped ravioli" is where we lost it and felt cheated out of any sort of decent experience, cheated out of $14. I didn't really understand the dish as written on the menu. What arrived was a weird cross between a lasagna noodle and papardelle. Apparently "popped" ravioli means ravioli that hasn't been cut, squared, filled, folded... anything really. It's pasta with the insides that act more like a sauce than a filling. This dish would be better called "lazy man's ravioli," or just "pasta and sauce" than popped ravioli which sounds mildly interesting. Do I sound crabby? I am. Am I being fair? I am. Because this like the red spread lacked any sort of flavor. The dish was supposed to have fire roasted eggplant and garlic and I only know that because I just looked at the menu online. You'd have no idea otherwise. The pasta dough needs to be rolled out flatter before it's cut, the noodles need more salt in the water, the sauce slash filling slash stuff that popped out needs anything... like vegetables, spice, cream, chicken broth... something, and the entire dish needs an anchor. It was disappointing and insanely priced given the fact that it doesn't have a protein.  The most redeeming part of the evening was our server who admittedly wasn't great at his job, but he was trying. More than I can say about the rest of the experience.
4	We had a group of 12 (split between 2 adjacent tables)  that dined here on New Year's Eve.  They have a sleek, modern ambiance and the chairs are really comfy, though they don't look like they would be at all. They had a special 3 course menu at $42.00 a person for the occasion that did not include tax or gratuity.  We each got to choose an appetizer, entre, and desert.  I ordered the butternut squash and parsnip puree soup (exactly what I expected), pheasant with fig and pear glaze and cabbage and apple slaw (amazing) and truffle torte (SUPER rich, but tasty).  My husband had the crab cakes (enough good things can't be said about these.  Holy cow -- the greatest I've had in the Midwest), milk stout braised beef short ribs (my husband liked these but I don't eat red meat so I didn't sample), and the evoo cake (really good and light).  Our server was great and very patient with people coming to our table mid-meal for a drink and then taking off to head downtown for a bit.  We received complimentary champagne during our meal and had a few mixed drinks that were pretty good!  We had a really great dining experience here.  My only complaint:  the gratuity that was not included turned out to be a mandatory 21%.  I've never seen included gratuity that high.  Our waitress was great and she earned it, but I think charging over 20% is a bit tacky.
1	Not too impressed.  Had the beef toreadors. One good the other very chewy, not as tasty.  Serving size small for cost.  While the hotel furniture was interesting, it was not very comfortable... tables too high, seats too low.  Disappointed.
2	Dear Hotel Red guests,Welcome to Madison! We're glad to have you here. We entreat you to visit and enjoy our vast multitude of bars and restaurants, where you can usually find local brews, meats, and cheeses. Really, go anywhere. Anywhere other than The Wise.If you must go there, do not order the "popped ravioli". I'm almost positive it's actually just lasagna noodles stirred in Chef Boyardi sauce. And don't order the bland red spread. And don't get a drink off the cocktail menu without first making sure they actually have all the ingredients to make it.Enjoy your stay! I hear the hotel is really nice.Sincerely,Adam
5	I'm staying at  the HotelRED, which is nice, but the restaurant is absolutely amazing. The food is fresh, fabulous, and always seems to be accompanied by something "house crafted" which makes everything that much better. For example, breakfast was savory with a pulled pork omelet and came with real sourdough bread and my choice of house crafted jams... remarkable. Service also adds ti the the delight and surprise of The Wise.Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
3	I've stopped in a few times for drinks (but never dinner).  If in the area, it works.  Bartenders are attentive and there are a few different areas to sit once drinks are in hand.  It wouldn't be a destination location however as I don't really think it has a particular identity.
