3	In Kitchener on biz?? Don't want to eat at Outback? Moose Winooski's has pretty good wings and plenty to see on the bar's 20 or so TVs. Decent spot if you find yourself Kitchener.
4	On first arrival it was jammed. People waiting outside. It was a Friday night and my family arrived around 8:30pm. The hostess was very friendly and so was the waitress. After only a 15 min wait we were able to be seated. They have car seat holders. It was so loud I could barely hear my husband across the table or the waitress but it didn't really bother me because she was so attentive and memorized our order. The food was delicious. Ribs were what they claimed they are known for and I would have to agree. The wings were delicious too. We had tequila lime and honey garlic. Overall a great experience.
1	Seriously, brutal! I have been to the Moose a million times and liked it before, but they had a renovation there and I am not sure what the deal is...We went to the Moose for a Surprise Birthday party for our buddy David who lives in KW. The reservation was for 7:00PM. We drove from Toronto and arrived, and the three super young hostesses were wearing headsets and all standing and talking behind the little hostess counter. We arrived at 6:45PM, and I approached the ladies, mentioned we are here for the Martinell reservation, David's Birthday. All Three of them same time snappily answered  "your table isn't ready yet"  I said is it okay if we go have a drink in the bar, they told me that was fine. They used to be really friendly when you arrived early, and if your table wasn't ready they would offer you a seat and drinks in the bar, I liked that.  The young ladies realized right away they were snappy so they all over-smiled at me and pointed over to the bar... At the bar who did we find... 6 more of the 10 people party (now were just missing the birthday boy and his brother)time passes, 3 drinks later it is 7:25, Mark the brother is now stalling somewhere, were texting him, and these girls are hanging around at the front, seating other people, and pretty much having the best time ever! So I reproached and said our reservation was for 7:00, its nearly 7:30, when will we be seated... the answer... "Your table isn't ready yet"  David and Mark Arrive, NO SURPRISE... Surprise destroyed. We wait in the bar some more...we explain what the plan was to David but that the table wasn't ready. Kind of a ruin-er to the birthday surprise, we get seated at nearly 8:00PM. Everyone was starving by now and pretty drunk and everyone had too many peanuts. (they have complimentary peanuts in the bar which is cool. )We all order drinks, they came correctly and fast, ultra fast. The Server was this funny guy, shaved head, really cool. We also had another server helping (big table) and she was lovely! the Birthday Boys Brother ordered a Burger with Cheese, Taite and I for lack of Vegan Options ordered Fish and Chips... and everyone else ordered whatever. It's a bar in KW I don't expect them to have a Vegan Option. We always make due, this place was always great before.We all pretty much got our food at the same time, the whole table except Mark and I... (Birthday Boy's Brother) Mark and I were sitting beside each other so we at least could chat while everyone else ate. 6 or 7 minutes passed and I hailed our waiter politely and asked about our food. He said he will check right now. He returns and said "your fish is on the way out, they had to take some out" and as for Mark this is what they told him "Your Burger fell on the floor on the way out here, so they are pushing one out  for you now," We waited maybe 4-5 minutes and my fish and Mark's Burger came out at the same time.  My fish was steaming weird, and Mark picked up his burger and it all fell out of the bun, broken up and really over peppered as if they picked it up off the floor and returned it to the bun after a fast re-spice and re-grill. I asked the lovely ladies working the front door if they could get a manager to come speak to me. Mark was MORTIFIED about the floor burger !!! I cut into my fish at that moment and realized it was weird steaming because it was frozen in the middle... SICK! Anyway, Mark, a Manager himself explained that he didn't want this floor burger, which the moose manager agreed was unacceptable but told Mark there was no way it was the floor burger... It was totally the floor burger it was like mince meat pieces all over his bun... the thing looked dirty, and who serves a burger broken into 7 or 8  pieces. I mentioned my fish, which was already very late was very frozen to our server, not the manager, and he took it away.  I was still charged, the fish never returned. Though the food was very late and not eaten. Mark made out better, he's more authoritative and  managerial than I am, he got a gift card, his burger was not charged but he was made to pay for his drinks, and his side gravy (strange) he also paid for David the birthday boys' meal. They gave David a pie in the face which was fun, but besides our friendly server and the pie in the face this was a crapshoot visit to a usually decent place. I was EXTREMELY bothered that this visit wasn't handled with some more courtesy and care. It was nice they gave Mark a gift card, he definitely deserved it after the floor burger and late seating but Taite and I left there, went to Mark's house and ate mounds of chips to fill the gap. We played pool and rocked out so the birthday ended up still being fun! Sad Night. I used to love you so much Moose Winooski's... I hope your renovation didn't turn you into something different, I liked your old gig. Hot Food, Quality Service and no excuses. I hope I am contacted regarding this experience because it is still bothering.
1	The new Moose Winooski's is not nearly as good as the old one! They sucked the life right out of it. It's no longer fun and exciting. They still have the wheel but its just not the same. The wheel is used on birthdays/special occasions. The birthday person spins the wheel which has different options (Pie in the face, free desert, etc.)They changed the menus as well - it is more expensive now. The food is good but they lost the old feel. There is nothing that really make this location different, its just a meh. If you're just looking for food, nothing special, this is your place.
3	Not to fond of buffalo chicken and related.  I do not go do bars that much.  This was perhaps okay.
4	This was my first time here, but a coworker recommended it.  Great food and cute atmosphere. I had the buffalo fingers with fries which was more than enough to fill me up for lunch. The only downside is that the service was very slow, which could've been due to the fact that there were several large parties in the restaurant. Overall though, nice place. They even have a patio for outside dining.
4	I used to go to University in the KW area and I recall visiting Moose when I first moved up in 2004 and wasn't overly impressed. Fast forward to 2013 and I still go back to KW to visit a couple of friends who've stayed behind for work and after hearing about how amazing it now was since the renovation (and that it was playoffs and we wanted to watch the leaf game) our group ventured over.If you couldn't guess by the name this place has traditional Canadiana written all over it. Designed like the best cabin style cottage you've ever been to in the Muskoka or Kawartha area, it's basically every Canadian stereotype you could hope for in one central location!They have a really great patio complete with a huge center bar, plenty of televisions and even little fire pits throughout + bar area has over 30 televisions! Sadly, as it was the first time the Leafs had made the playoffs in 9 years the popular spots were packed and my group of 10 was relegated to a table in the main dining room.We ordered a variety of menu items, but most notably we shared an order of their apparently famous chicken wings. For my entree I asked for the ribs. The wings weren't the best I've ever had but not the worst either (3 star), the ribs were pretty good (again nothing ventured, nothing lost).Earned this place a 4th star was their birthday traditions which we bestowed upon one of our more conservative buddies whose birthday was a mere few days away at this point. After speaking to the host on a trip to the "bathroom" we orchestrated a stellar prank which involved a moose antler helmet, and a birthday song which then promptly ended with a whipped cream pie in the face via sneak attack! People from all over the restaurant had watched this happen and folks were chuckling about it even as we were leaving!Full points on decor, theme, layout and staff, Food could be a touch better in my opinion, however I would definitely visit this place when you're in the Kitchener area!
2	Had a Burger and salad.   Bun was stale tasting.  Salad had more cabbage than lettuce and served in a tiny bowl.  I was not impressed.  I will have to try something else next time.   Very noisy inside, so if that bothers you...
4	We heard of this from a guy at a B&B. The exterior was really nice, by the outlet mall in Kitchener. Food was really good, especially the steak sandwich. Drinks portion was huge, well priced, and the most important part, taste good!! Make sure you try the vanilla milk shake!! Yummy!!!
4	Very nice servers ! Comfy chairs by the fireplace ! Came on a Tuesday night (11pm) not busy - but still open ! :) Got the caesar salad - very yummy ! Only issue - Not great vegetarian options. Great spot though.
5	Love Moose Winooskis and the food is worth waiting in the line up. Their food portions are huge and there is always leftovers to bring home. Food is delicious and there is always fantastic service along with smiles always on their face!!
3	Stopped in for dinner tonight and it was good, just not amazing.  I had a soup and an appetizer and the food arrived in a timely manner and the server was friendly (but does Canada not have unsweetened iced tea anywhere?). The food was tasty, but nothing special. Overall it was a nice dinner.
2	I wasn't sure what sort of beer/cider/mixed drink to get, so I asked for a drink menu. The bartender informed me, between sips of her own drink, that they don't have any drink menus due to the fact that they're getting new ones. I don't know why they wouldn't keep the old ones until the new ones were ready, but apparently Moose Winooski's, which is in large part a BAR, has been without a drink menu for some time.My husband got a couple beers on tap, and I got a vodka soda. My drink was fine, but my husband was feeling sick before we left, and I didn't feel great after having a few sips of his beer. I obviously can't say with certainty that it was due to the beer, but it did make me feel concerned. The service from our waiter was good, and there were no issues with the food, so I'm giving two stars for that.The weirdest thing about all of this was that two days after our visit, I got a social media connection request from a senior member of the staff. As I was the person who paid, I can only assume that this staff member took my name from the credit card receipts and then looked me up. I think this is inappropriate.
4	Great atmosphere, onlyReason not a 5 because they forgot my order when in a group.
5	We just ordered 14 wings at Moosewinoskis and the experience was a hit and miss.  Usually the wings here are of a large size and well done.  Tonight they were a little off the mark.Usually we wouldn't say anything but we really felt that the experience tonight was poor when it came to the delivery of our food, so we mentioned it to our waitress and the manager came out and apologized for the experience and they offered us another set of wings for the road.  We accepted and felt that the situation was handled in a fair manor.  I've now changed this review from a 4 star to a 5 star.Thanks for being receptive to our experience.
4	Great friendly service. Food was hot fresh, well presented and good sized portions.  The establishment had over 20 high quality HD TVs and the atmosphere was great.
4	I love the Moose. Wings, ribs, tv's and beer. Awesome bar area and a big patio. They have a non-smoking patio as well which is nice!
3	This can be either a two star or five star review depending on what your after. Main point is that is is loud busy and full of distractions.First off they have wall to wall TVs and each one set to a different channel, so if your distracted easily it can be a problemSecondly is the volume, generally not a problem for me but the one companion was super quiet and was hard to hear.. Food, unfortunately I forgot  my glasses so my wife had to make the choice. Generally speaking the food is really good.Overall a great place under the right circumstances.
5	Stopped in for Boxing Day dinner with my wife's family.  We had a great server, who actually told us the Panko bacon appetizer was delicious but not a good value, and suggested we try the spinach dip instead.  We absolutely loved it!  Nice and garlicky.Also ordered a couple of Tankhouse Ale's from a micro brewery in Toronto.  I already knew the beer was good, but what happened next was outstanding.  The bartender stopped over with a pitcher that was a third full.  He said they had just changed the keg, and had this beer that was going to be dumped down the drain, but since we were the only people drinking the Tankhouse, wanted to know if we'd like it.  It was a small thing but very indicative of the kind of service we received tonight.The food was fantastic!  I had a burger with back bacon (and since I live in the US and only get back bacon when we visit Canada, I was VERY happy)  Everyone else loved their food, and my sister n law was particularly impressed that the server told us that the nacho she ordered was huge, and suggested we order the smaller portion.  She was right...even the smaller one was too much food.If you're in Kitchener, check this place out.  They have a menu that has a lot of different kinds of food, so everyone has a couple of choices no matter what kind of food they want.Reservations are accepted but only for groups of 10 or more.
