4	This McDonalds is so close to my place that it's become a task to try not to stop by here on my way home.  So far I have not encountered any problems with either the staff or the food here and the service is still quick.  That's about all I can ask for in a McDonalds.  Keep up the good work.
4	Like I have said before, having children makes it nearly a necessary thing to be at McDonalds about once a week. This isn't always for Happy Meals (we prefer home cooked food to fast food always - especially for our kids), but I don't mind treating him with a soft serve cone or a Sprite on the way home from the park, or maybe when he's been really good at the grocery store. They also tend to be a good caffeine fix for me when I don't feel like the Bux. This McDonalds is on the way to "Grandma's House" so we make stops here more frequently than any other on this side of the valley. We've never encountered any problems more than the occassional broken straw here. Employees are generally pleasant. How much better could a Mickey D's get?
4	My son loves to go to the play place, usually the kids are nice, the parents are nice too. Employees are polite for the most part, bathrooms are clean. Sadly this area has more crime each time I come here so I just stopped going.
1	this place blows! the drive thru girl is rude and worried about her moped out front instead of my order! she doesnt like my brittish accent and her boss tells me to be quiet while ordering! what the heck?! screw you alaina!
3	This is a nice McDonald's.  The place is always clean, the staff is friendly, and it usually isn't too crowded, except for the drive thru, which always has a long line any time of day it seems.  The inside seating area is always clean and well stocked.I come here with my daughter so she can play in their play area.  She is 18 months and loves all of the climbing this McDs has.  This play area is always nice and clean as well.  In fact when we are there, someone is always cleaning it or just finishing up cleaning the area.  They even go through the tunnels and all.  It is a nice place, especially on those blistering summer days when it is too hot to go to the park.My only complaint would be that they hide the sweet tea behind the counter.  I am a sweet tea addicted and it is a little annoying to have to go up to the counter to get a refill, especially when you have to wait in line with everyone ordering.  I need my sweet tea fix and waiting just doesn't count it.  Overall, it is a nice McDonald's.
3	Yes, I often indulge myself with the fine cuisine that is found at my local McDonald's.  OK, OK really I try not to go there that often unless it's the only thing to eat or I'm hankerin' for a damn McNugget (which by the way I still HAVE NOT found which part on the chicken the nugget is on).  Addictive with Hot Mustard.I went here exclusively this day because of the current coupons that came in the mail.  There were a bunch of decent ones, particularly the ones that are promoting you try the new McCrap...oi...I mean McWrap.  This is almost as catchy as that 'Fishay, Fishay' song from the previous McDonald's food campaign for Fish McBites over the Easter season.  I swear if I see a wall of fish singing this tune to me at any location I will make like Grizzly Adams and run for the hills.  I took my McWrap coupon and waltz into my closest McDonald's.  The visit's coupon was for a free McWrap of my choice with the purchase of any menu item (including the $1 Value Menu).  I got me a $1 Sweet Tea (1/2 & 1/2 to avoid extra sugar) to go with my McWrap.  I chose the Chicken & Bacon McWrap, grilled.  Oi, why McDonald's thought this thing could compete with a $5 footlong from Subway I don't know.My Chicken & Bacon McWrap was really MEH.  The chicken was ok but was on the cold side, and my bacon?  Damn stuff is the same thing they put on your typical McDonald's breakfast fare.  Skinny and not much flavor.  The chicken was warm enough that it completely wilted the Spring Mix type lettuce in my McWrap.  Either that...or the Spring Mix was not cold to begin with!  I hate that.  Overly soggy lettuce.  Bleech.  The tomatoes that came in my McWrap were warm as well.  Not to mention, I have a feeling my McWrap was made prior to my ordering because the tortilla it came in was showing signs of sogginess too.  Not made fresh me thinks!  These guys and their speed over quality sometimes.Taste?  I rather have a wrap somewhere else and pay a bit more.  The flavors just weren't that great to justify a regular price of $4 per McWrap.  If I didn't have this coupon I wouldn't have bothered trying it.  The best part about the McWrap was the damn box it came in!  It was cool & hip, and I felt like I was unwrapping a present when I tore through that seal.  But other than that, nothing.  I would have much rather used the coupon for a free Happy Meal with purchase.  I love those things!  But only when they come in the actual Happy Meal box with the Golden Arches handles, not in a friggin' paper bag.  Grrrrr....I hate it when my Happy Meal comes in a regular bag.  Makes me NOT happy.Anyway, this trip to McDonald's was a bit of a bust.  Was hoping to give them a chance with this new fandangled McCrap...darn it there I go again...McWrap, but it just didn't impress me.  If they were made upon ordering and with much fresher ingredients, and not sitting by a heat lamp then maybe it would have been a better experience.  Maybe I should hit up another McDonald's and give this thing another shot.  Well, at least I had a coupon for buy one Dipped Cone, get one free!  I double fisted that sucker all the way home!  Ok, I actually shared for once.
1	Shitty ass fries man!
5	If I told you that McDonald's was a big factor in my weight loss of 20 lbs last year, you probably wouldn't believe me. Not unless you are one of my coworkers that see me at work every morning eating my Sausage McMuffin and have witnessed my slimmer physique. Well, it's true. Breakfast really is the most important meal of the day and I found that skipping breakfast is not a good idea if you're trying to lose weight/get fit. Even though its not the most wholesome breakfast option, this is the quickest, cheapest way for me to get my morning meal.I am not writing anything about McDonald's that you might already know. I'm writing about this particular location. They are always super fast and efficient at the drive thru and every employee I've encountered over the past few years here are very friendly. I come here so often that I should just write a review and give kudos to the Mon-Fri morning crew for always getting my order out fast, quick and in a hurry before heading to work. Even when the drive thru lane is packed, they move it pretty quickly so I've never found myself sitting in my car for more than a few minutes.So just in case you're wondering what I order every morning here it is: a sausage Egg White Delight and a medium sugar-free vanilla iced coffee. I automatically throw away one piece of the muffin to save on carbs. I know it sounds crazy but it works. For me, a carb conscious way of life works best. And this keeps me satiated enough until I have to nuke my Lean Cuisine around noon time.
1	Mcdonalds is mcdonalds as far as good goes. What separates them from each other is service. This mcdonalds has nooooo idea what that means. The emergency door was beeping like a smoke detector with a bad battery. Other people were complaining about the same beep, and some got up and left the playroom. Notified the manager of the issue and she acted uninterested and gave me a look of disgust because I bothered her during social hour. I wish I was kidding or exaggerating about her face. The look almost turned me to stone. Bad manager!!
5	Yep I'm not super excited about eating the food here either, but when we do decide to eat McDonalds we come to this location. I like that I can bring my kid here to play and get out of the Las Vegas weather in the windy winter months or the scorching heat of summer. There're are always lots of kids to play with, and I like that they have free wifi so I can catch up on computer work while the kids play. The play place is usually always clean, and they always have sanitizing wipes available to use. Today I came here with my daughter and they were really busy. The guy that took my order inside stopped what he was doing to help me take my food to our table since I am in a wheelchair and it's hard for me to do. I thought it was kind of him to do since they were so busy. I rarely get that kind of consideration i really nice places let alone McDonalds. I was really impressed! I think I'm going to get his name. So, I can tell the boss. All in all. This is a good place to come and hang out if you need an inexpensive indoor place to eat and play.
5	I love how fast I can get my morning coffee on my way to work! Yumm! Fast and kind service!
