2	Torrid is like falling in love with a stripper; no matter how much money you throw at them, they will never love you.I have been shopping at this particular Torrid ever since I came out as a transwoman. And even before I started wearing dresses on a regular basis, I would come here for my stocking hookup. They know the clothes are for me.But no matter how effeminate I dress or how much makeup I wear, the cretins who work there never get the hint.I'll be going through their graphic tees, even *gasp* occasionally pulling one off the rack and asking my partner how it would look on me. I'll even make the obligatory "oh, it's pricey, but it's worth it" comment. And the girl will walk right up to my partner and ask HER if she needs anything.I even did the "drape it over my chest" thing. Knights of fucking Columbus!Nope. No dice.I pick out the clothes, I take the clothes to the counter, and I even pay for the clothes. I even make comments about the clothes. And still they give her (my partner) the bag and tell her to enjoy HER purchase.Double U Tea Eff Torrid.At the Metrocenter location, they had this beautiful pink tafetta nightmare of a prom dress that would have been perfect for Fetish Prom. I had my partner reserve it by telephone so I could swing by and get it after work. I thought wearing some makeup, putting a little more of a sashay into my walk and wearing a little fragrance would, I don't know, make the experience a little smoother.Nah.When I got there, I was stared down, ignored, and avoided by the clerks. After twenty minutes, it must have dawned on one of them that my presence might have something to do with the reservation they had in the back. When I went to pay for it, they snatched my credit card from my hand and charged me full price. The whole fucking reason we bought the damn thing was because it was on sale in the first place.And to top it off I could hear them snickering at me on my way out.I only bring this up because I notice this is a common trend in Torrid stores. Not that any of this matters. None of this information is relevant to anyone other than me. I doubt anyone else has had any similar experiences.I'm just sad that something that makes me so happy hates me so much. Maybe I should take this as a hint to lose some damn weight so I don't have to keep shopping here.But when I get treated like that...the only thing that makes me feel better is a Shirley Temple and some hot wings. It's such a vicious cycle. I think I'm going to go listen to some Cure and get my cry on.
3	I'm sad to read the review by Jetta R., because I really like some of their stuff!  Hopefully the employees got a clue.I never buy tops here.  1) Most of their shirts are about $40 with the same quality you'd get at JCPenny's for $20.  2) Most of their tops are things I could absolutely never wear to work.  They've gotten better over the years in improving their look...they aren't exclusively high school goth chic anymore, but I still feel like a lot of their clothes lack sophistication.  (When did I get old?). One thing I will say is GOOD HEAVENS TO BETSY I'M IN LOVE WITH THEIR "JEGGINGS". So comfy, perfect rise, and perfectly stretchy while still feeling and looking like real jeans and keeping their shape.  They also have awesome retro swimwear in the summer.Overall, hit or miss.  I'll shell out $50 for their jeans, but I just can't spend $40 on a cheap, blinged-out skull top.Pleasssssssse Torrid!  Think of your full-figured, stylish professionals.  I have money and want to give it to you in exchange for work clothes that don't look like they came from Lane Bryant!
5	I love this store! The clothes are fairly priced when they are having sales.  I always get compliments when wearing there clothes.  I love there jeans!  The staff are always so friendly!  They are always willing to help when you are trying to put an outfit together or having to order an item in your size.   I also love how you can order online and pick it up at the store with no shipping charges.
5	These girls at the Arrowhead location need high fives!! Shane went out of her way to find a pair of jeans I really wanted....she found them out of state an transfered them in, normally retailers forget about you but Shane didn't!  4 days later I got my jeans!  Applause applause!  Thanks Shane At Arrowhead Torrid, you made my day. Kimmy
