5	Fourteen of us met for a late brunch at The Sparrow.First the big news; Ethan one of the owners and his wife just had a beautiful baby grl who was present with her mother!Second; they just got their liquor licence and the bar side is open.Chocolate banana donuts were what I started with, and this was a mistake. They were delightful! But he mistake was in not waiting as they gave a few plates of them to our party at the end of our meal and they were comped.I had rhe English Breakfast wch was a brilliant fry up with all the extras! I will mention that they have wild chanterelles on the menu right now as they are in season.Service was much more than compentant! It was friendly and helpful.The biggest delight for me was the price. With my brekkie, donut and 3 pots of tea, I got out for well under $20.00
4	A great place to have a delicious lunch in the mile end.The staff is great, the decor is very tasteful.a bit on the slow side, but I had no desire to leave the place so it was ok.
4	This is a cute place on st laurent that we visited for brunch.  It is cozy and was packed on Sunday at noon. We waited 35 minutes for two spots at the bar, but enjoyed a great coffee and crumpets while we waited. Really really good quality coffee. The brunch selection is good but small, with plenty of English delights for those who seek a greasy spoon (am I using that correctly?). I had baked eggs, which were great, and my husband had the florentine, which he enjoyed but didnt consider amazing. Each dish was about $14.  The atmosphere was very comfortable and friendly.  I really like the place, and would love to go back.
4	A bit on the pricey side for breakfast / brunch but you get what you paid for. Salmon and scrambled eggs are fantastic, as is the English breakfast. I like places with revolving menus, and even the mainstays are great - excellent burger and even better fries make this a must-visit. Just wish they were open more often and with more regular hours. Also the long wait, strange reservation rules, and cash-only payment make this 4 stars instead of 5.
5	Came to Sparrow on Sat Oct 2 for brunch with 4 others.  Got there as it opened at 10AM.  Staff were very friendly and on the ball even though the place filled by 10:30am.  A forgotten side of the potato-cabbage dish was on the house even though we said it was totally fine.  We were enjoying the food and atmosphere so much, a slight oversight was easily forgiven. Glad we did not cancel that side though b/c it was great!  I had the Eggs Florentine with smoked salmon.  The hollandaise was just right...not too heavy or overpowering!  everyone else thoroughly enjoyed their choices as well!  Coffee was a nice medium-bold that complimented the meal (sometimes we forget just how important coffee can be to set the tone for the meal...especially after a late night before!)In the two days we spend in Montreal, I believe we hit the two best brunch places in the city...this one and Le Cartet on McGill!  Thanks to my fellow Yelper's for the great advise on both these places!Special NOTE:  They don't take credit or debit so be sure to bring cash!
5	Amazing brunch experience!I am a big brunch person and this definitely met my expectations.  Went a lil before 11am, had bar seating right away.  The place was full with a line.  I enjoyed the bar seating alot.  The waiters were very personable and quick with service too.  We had the Eggs Royale (eggs florentine with smoked salmon) and baked eggs with mushroom.  Both dishes were excellent.  We also ordered a side of Bubble and Squeak (somewhat like a pan-fried mash potatoes/ home fries-like).  By the time we were done with our meal, the line was outside the door. I would definitely go back to The Sparrow during my next Montreal trip and highly recommend it to anyone visiting there.  Great way to start the day with amazing food and the most friendly service!  Not to mention, love the old-time decor of the place.
3	haven't tried the breakfast yet, but late at night for a drink.i love their bathroom wallpaper.
5	My favorite watering hole in town, hands down.  Just not on a Friday nor Saturday night, but that's fine.  It can get very crowded and busy, but that's fine.  The owner (Murad) personally makes sure that all of the bartenders can make cocktails properly. My first time there, I ordered my first martini, ever.  With gin, and dirty.  The barman was a new face, and the owner was right there.  As it was not too busy, he took the time to personally show the barman the Sparrow way of making a proper dirty gin martini and it was delicious.  Every concoction be it a classic (Manhattan, Rusty Nail, Bulldog, etc.) has one downside: it is so good that you down it so fast that you need to order another right away.  The sparrow-specific cocktails are definitely also worth a try.Having not yet tried the brunch, I have at least tried the "pub grub" which is deliciously crafted and very gobble-able as well.Servers are prompt and professional with and amazingly easy on the eyes - which shouldn't matter; but it does ameliorate the experience on a superficial level at the least.
4	Awesome fries.  Great beer and atmosphere.  Cool wait-staff.  And rumour has it they make the best BLT in Montreal.  Oh and there are line-ups for brunch.  The staff from Sparrow started a place called Lawrence (What an awesome name), which I tried and liked.  It lacks the ambience and cazh atmosphere of The Sparrow...but I'd go back.  I can't say if there is a ndifference now that the staff has moved on...but will check out Sparrow again soon and chime back in.
4	Putting a bird on it, even in Montreal, this particular Sparrow has my kind of lounge vibe: dark, lit by candlelight, well-spaced tables, small capacity, sharable couches. Pro-tip: ask the server to see if those sitting on the bench or the couches can scooch over. It gets busy on Saturday nights. I would imagine that the bartenders whip up quite the spirit, but you wouldn't sense it from their cocktail list. Plain Jane and paired down, it offers the classics: Dark + Stormies, Mules, Old Fashioned. It was aromatic and balanced, but the ice appeared to be from a dispenser and weakened the overall aesthetic of the drink. I know, I'm being picky and spoiled; I blame it on the many wickedly mixed Old Fashioneds I've had the pleasure of sipping on. I've been told the food is fantastic, especially brunch, but didn't a chance to try it myself this time. There's also a second level that they owners have been trying to get licensed. I wish them lots of luck, it looks like it would be a fantastic space!
4	For me Sparrow is best for polenta fries, hamburger and a stiff drink at the bar. Warm, dim, thoughtful and humorous with a good weekday lunch and weekend brunch. Same owners as at Blizzarts and Korova, same excellent music, friendly staff and event-organizer artist extended community. Upstairs is awesome - beautiful wooden balcony, simple stage and seating, beautiful but empty bar (no license yet sadly - maybe they could sell old-timey soda pops?)
4	I didn't even know they made food! lol. I went here a few times, late night for drinks. It was really fun. Friendly staff! I can't wait to try the brunch.
5	LOVED The Sparrow. I didn't even know they serve food- but the bartender made the best dark and stormy I've ever had! I loved the aesthetics- from the sparrow stained glass, the furniture, the old photographs on the wall and the stocked book shelves. Good music and JENGA! Not to mention friendly people. All around a great vibe- I wish I could go back there right now!The prices for cocktails were a little steep- $8 and not very big. That's pretty much my only complaint. Otherwise it was a total win and I definitely want to go back (and try their food!).
5	Great place for lunch or just to have a drink and hang out on a rainy day. The borcsht is really good and so is the roast pork sandwich. Try the polenta fries! Its like a cross between french fries and cheese puffs.
2	i have been going on and off since it opened. sometimes it is ok and other times it isn't. i went last night for birthday drinks and sat at the uncrowded bar for 10 minutes while the bartender ignored my wife and i. so we left and called my friends who were meeting us there and went somewhere else. they have no 5 a 7, the drinks are pricey, the clientele is a mostly hipster too cool for school crowd. it is cozy and nicely decorated inside though. the soundtrack is what you would expect from montreals mile end.  such a shame, i want to like this place but it just reeks of insecurity and insincerity.
4	Had a drink with friends at Sparrow and really loved the atmosphere and service. I also appreciate that they haven't overstuffed the bar with tables to maximize the potential monetary gain, sacrificing ambiance. It is a bar that is roomy and easy to chat with friends in. Can't wait to go back and try their food.
5	Loved our brunch here!I had the eggs benedict which included poach eggs, asparagus, and hollandaise on homemade biscuits. And it was served with homemade tater tots. Amazing!  The biscuits were deliciously light, the sauce was yummy and the eggs were perfect. My husband had the huevos rancheros and a side of tots. Both were fabulous. Everything is housemade which is nice. Great stop for brunch.  Thanks yelpers for pointing us here.
5	OMFG I love the Sparrow. I stupidly waited 45 minutes to get into Lawrence, was still 7th on the list and then my stomach told me "F*&k this noise" and I walked a block down to Sparrow where I had what was quite possibly the best brunch of my life: eggs benedict, nom nom. It was nestled on a buttery, home made biscuit topped with perfectly cooked asparagus and just the right amount of hollandaise. There were home made tater tots on the side (SO yummy!) and the latte I had with it was absolute perfection. The prices are right, service is great and the location cannot be beat. Too bad the place was 3/4 hipster, but I was able to ignore them and look out the window.
4	Brunch - my favourite meal of the day. The Sparrow - my favourite brunch spot (thus far) in Montreal? I think so. Pork + eggs, served with a spread of applesauce and homemade "tater tots" and a biscuit, this is a savoury brunch lover's dream. And blood orange mimosa, I lingered over every sip. Getting food + drinks together (I know, so weird to order both at a restaurant!)? There are different owners for each 1/2 of this establishment, so the bill are written separately, and then together... which is a little confusing for the untrained eye. Also,  cash only, but there's an ATM at the top of the stairs.
4	The first time I went to an indie mart, I was meeting my friend Felice.  When I saw her, I was like "Felice!  This place is crawling with hipsters".  She shushed me really hard: "Shhhhh! Hipsters don't like to be called hipsters."  This is how I feel about Sparrow.  Brunch here is pretty good though.
3	Hmm, Heard lots about the restaurant from friends and from the reviews here. Yes the place does have great staff with a friendly and cozy vibe. Unfortunately the deal breaker for me was the food itself. I guess I am just not a big fan of polenta fries (my first time trying) D: But not to discourage other people, they have lots of other stuff in their menu, I am sure if I head the next time I'll find some thing appetizing for my taste buds :)
3	Went on a pre-midnight adventure here in early Spring. Very well-curated drink list, requisite pseudo-salvage lounge eclectic decor. Food was "meh" which is what prevented a four star rating. "meh" is code for inattentive cooking e.g. over-fried frites, etc. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	Super Hip place. The drinks are pretty hit or miss depending on the drink and the bartender at the time. My friends and I had some pretty mild drinks the first 2 rounds, then the bartenders switched and whooo they got real strong real fast. Ambiance is pretty cool though. I didn't try their food, so just so you guys know this is strictly a review of their drink menu.
4	I love the Sparrow, I have been here many a time, and drank many a drink. I hear the food is good, but I never tried it, it's really the atmosphere of this place that makes it such a popular place with the jetset scenesters and casual boat shoe wearing clientele alike. If you order a Jamieson's they give 4 for the price of 3, how thoughtful, and what will you be having?
4	Relaxed, calm, old-school interior with dark woods, textured/patterned ceiling, nice comfy L-shaped couch near windows, small tables with plenty of space between them.Only had a drink this visit: a basil gimlet.  Finely made.  Nice & basily.  Ice-cold.  The small cocktail menu is all $8.  Snacks and finer pub fare is available.Attentive, kind, anglo-bartender.Cash only.  ATM upstairs.Will definitely be back for drinks and to try the food next time.
3	Not as good as I thought! Maybe I had high expectations. I ordered the Neptune and was not bad but did not blow me away! Go a bit down the street to Lawrence! Much better choice !
4	If there is one element of the Montreal food scene that I have truly ignored in my time living in the city, it is proper breakfast or brunch places. Based on my readings online, I have clearly been missing out on some fantastic options and as such, decided to remedy the situation. About a month or so ago, I started along this path by visiting The Sparrow on St-Laurent (near Maguire) in the Mild End district of the city with a friend.Now, under normal circumstances, The Sparrow is a British gastropub which I clearly need to visit during evenings hours. The place has a great look and feel. The music selection during our meal was an amazing eclectic mix of soul, old rock, jazz which I hummed along to throughout the meal. The service was also quite quick and efficient despite the crowded restaurant (We arrived at opening hence the empty picture above... It filled up rather quickly afterwards) If you check the hours at the door, you would have no idea that they even do breakfast/brunch on weekends... It's not listed! However, they do amazingly creative and delicious fare.What you see before you is house smoked pork, eggs, apple sauce, house made tater-tots and the most legitimate biscuit I've ever had outside of the southern US. Add to that a side of chorizo sausage &amp; a bourbon lemonade and you get a sense of the kind of food this pub serves up. My friend, on her end, ordered eggs benedict prepared superbly with asparagus and which used biscuits as a replacement for the English muffins. Across the board, the food was quite delicious.If you're looking for a fun and slightly different take of the typical breakfast/ brunch meal, The Sparrow is great choice to try. Note that they only take cash, so be prepared accordingly.Cheers!
3	Stopped in for brunch while in town for the jazz fest.Brunch was solid tho not spectacular: good pangcakes and smoked trout hash, OK bacon, and refreshing bourbon lemonades. Deidre did a nice job behind the bar, but our food took a long, long time (two other bar parties got there 10 min after us, but got food served 10-15 min before us).Overall, didn't live up to the hype, but I'd go back to try out the dinner menu.
4	I didn't want to waste away any valuable time for my short weekend trip, so I searched hard for a good brunch place that takes reservation so we didn't have to line up. Luckily for me, I found the the Sparrow! I had serious dish envy when I saw my friend's Blackstone Benedict ($15)- poached eggs, bacon, wilted greens and tomato on root vegetable latkes, herb hollandaise and tater tots. I was able to steal a few bites and it was quite delicious, albeit slightly under-seasoned.My boyfriend went for fried chicken and waffles ($15.5)- fried chicken, buttermilk waffles, sunny eggs, white gravy and honey. No complaints about this one!Sadly for me, I was the most disappointed with my own selection - pulled pork ($14) with homemade biscuit, coleslaw, homemade tater tots, and two sunny eggs. I realized then that I only like BBQ-style pulled pork, and this one just didn't appeal to me. I really should've ordered the red velvet waffles, which sounded divine. All in all, despite my own disappointing dish selection, it was quite an enjoyable brunch. I thought the restaurant was very cute and the food, in general, was tasty. Even now, I'm still thinking about the red velvet waffle that I could have tried.
5	I have had few meals in my life that were this satisfying.  I don't know if I was just in the mood for a good brunch at the time, or if this establishment is just THAT amazing! Everything from the decor to the food and service was exceptional.  Thanks to Yelp, this was a great find.  Although it is located off the beaten path for many, I suggest taking the hike to get there.  I certainly am glad I did.  The menu items are unique and they have something for any mood you may be in.  Great variety! I wish I had someplace like this I knew about at home.
4	Another reviewer called The Sparrow a "British gastropub" and I think it's an apt description. High-quality pub food with an Indian twist (like a real pub in England, not like the usual British pub in North America) at very reasonable prices.My regret is going there for after-dinner drinks, and therefore not being hungry enough for the "real food" on the menu. I was there with a group of Yelpers and we snacked on fries (from real potatoes, with the skins on) served with AMAZING  homemade ketchup and homemade mayo, and hot, crispy polenta fries. My basil gimlet (gin, lime, fresh basil) was fab. Will have to try to reproduce this one at home.The atmosphere was "funky old mansion" with full bookcases, black-and-white portaits on the walls, and a tin ceiling.I will definitely be coming back with my dear husband for another crack at the menu. I've heard it's very popular at brunch. It might be an excellent warming-up spot during the Christmas market at a nearby park (St-Laurent & Laurier).
4	Incredible polenta fries, Outstanding (but $8) basil gimlets, old-fashioned drinks, new-fashioned crowd, cute and sweet staff - this is a great spot for people watching, meeting friends for drinks and eating yummy edibles. a fairly artsy crowd with a chill staring-at-you-but-don't-appear-to-be-staring-at-you vibe.
4	This place is really cool. Stepped in here with a couple of friends for drinks at about 9pm last night. Nice, intimate atmosphere. One of the few places that actually delivers on how cozy it looks from the outside. We found a good table right in the middle of the place. Ordered a few cocktails, which I don't usually, but felt like it, and they were awesome and strong. Server and peeps were also really nice. We didn't order food, but burgers and things kept going past us and they looked effing great. So I'll definitely be going back here soon with food in mind too.I'm a fan.
4	I had the squash enchiladas with pulled pork. Magnificent! The portion was just right with some scrambled eggs and baked beans on the side. My favourite brunch so far. I also tried the red velvet waffle. Very interesting dish with poached pears and chocolate mousse, but couldn't taste the red velvet at all. My boyfriend had today's special, deep fried egg and some deep fried toast, he said they were average.
3	I'm disappointed.After reading all these great reviews I expected a decent brunch place, but the food was pretty  sub-par.I had the lumberjack.My pancakes were fine, the beans seemed to have come from a can - they were very mushy and tasteless, my eggs only had one intact yolk, the sausage was the best part but a pre-smoked sausage is hard to screw up. My hubby had Scotch eggs, they arrived raw on the inside, he found this out after taking a big bite...mmm, mmm raw pork...They made him some new ones but he wasn't very pleased with those either because they decided against hard-boiled eggs for the center (weird decisions much?) and he found them really bland.The apple juice they offered him was very good though, and my Bloody Caesar was also nice.On top of that they do have really good service (Minus a 40+ minute wait on our food) , they communicated well with my husband and we didn't  have to pay for anything he consumed.So not all is bad...
4	Good food, even better service. We ordered the Chicken and Waffles, Eggs Benedict, and Lumber Jack Breakfast. Was a little disappointed to hear they no longer had the Steak n Eggs. All in all it was a good cozy place to eat.
3	Good brunch fare, nice atmosphere, and trendy decor. Service was friendly and attentive, food was good, lacked a little seasoning. Will return.
4	I am not a big fan of fancy brunches. I am very happy with eggs and bacon at a breakfast/brunch venue. However, the bar, the bar is why I go to the Sparrow. Great ambiance, not to loud so great for conversations. My friends like their Old fashioned cocktail, i get my bourbon fix and everybody is cheerful.
4	I came here with my boyfriend and his mom once and she ordered a burger to split with my boyfriend, along with polenta fries, mussels and regular fries. Oh yeah, we also had onion bahjis to start. Well, it wasn't enough for my mother in law because behind our backs, she went and ordered another burger. Which she ate. By herself. If I just told this story, and you believed this non-fiction tale (trust me, I am a witness and was there), then you too should go to Sparrow and stuff your face with all of their deliciousness. It will reach the deepest depths of all your arteries and you will enjoy it.
5	Such a great brunch! We were worried there might not be enough food given some of the pictures shown here, but it was plenty. Quiet and casual, we would recommend for anyone looking for a good brunch spot.
5	This is a review of Sparrow as a brunch joint. I'm not a cocktail-bar guy (I'm a beer-snob and if I'm not on the beer I'm hitting the whisky). But I did have a caesar the other day and it was lovely. I hear the other cocktails are killer too; but their tap list is terrible. Anyway. Brunch is lovely. Drip coffee is great. Nice old-school donuts; several delicious egg dishes. Buckwheat pancakes. Smoked trout. Everything we had was good. And the chicks working there are hot. The cappuccino sucks. (Yeah, I'm an espresso prick, too.)
4	Extremely well balanced drinks. Unfortunately I can't comment on the food since we went for cocktails only but the menu looks charming. The atmosphere is very chill. Try to get a spot on the couch when the windows are open.
3	I've only been here for drinks, but the bartenders have been, for the most part, very nice. Service has been pretty quick, even when they are super busy. I just wish they had a better whisky selection.
3	Location: On the main, around the corner from Olimpico. Street parking only.The place: Loved the decor and the funky wallpaper. To me, the place was a cross between country meets British pub. Good vibrations all around. The food: Back in March or April, one of the staff told me a new chef would be taking over. When I took a look at the menu yesterday, I felt that the choices were limited - there were maybe 5-6 options. Gone were the Red Velvet waffles and no Polenta fries in sight. Anyway, I decided to go with the fried eggs with sage, roasted potatoes, bacon and sourdough toast, served on a board, a skillet for my eggs and all. It was a good breakfast - the eggs were tasty, though I couldn't taste the sage. The potatoes were perfectly roasted, if lacking in flavour, the bacon was super thin which I like, but a bit too oily for me. The bread was fresh as can be and damn good to boot. My date had the Turkish breakfast and it was OK but nothing to write home about. Service: Good. The only hiccup was when our food was brought to us. My date is allergic to gluten so when the waitress took our order, she offered a green salad as a substitute for the pancakes. No mention of extra costs. The person who brought our plates over gave my date attitude when she asked for the salad and started saying there would be an extra charge for this. She wasn't accommodating at all and frankly, a little rude. Pay attention when we try to explain why a substitute was requested, and that this was offered by your colleague. The person who took our order came to sort this out which we appreciated but I mean, a little common courtesy from the other chick would have been nice. It's not like one chooses to have Celiac disease. Price point: Pretty decent - my plate was about $10. However. Coffee wasn't included.
4	came here for dinner on a quiet tuesday night, while on a brief trip to montreal. as it was a weekday, the pace was slow but the place was far from empty. we had an excellent waitress that recommended the devil's backbone (prunes stuffed w a fruit wrapped in bacon and topped with a sweet glaze) for an appetizer which was enjoyable and quite sweet. our entrees were the steak with potatoes and pan seared trout. the steak was ok but potatoes were well-seasoned and the trout was delicious as were the sides of cauliflower, rice and something else. short version: great service, reasonable price, great atmosphere and tasty entrees.
3	Been for cocktails, never brunch. Although it's not exactly a brunch destination, you're better off otherwise. But let's focus on what we know, the drinks. They're good. I really have nothing else to say. The Sparrow is laid back and relaxed but it seems to be crafting an image that isn't so effortless. Maybe a bit try hard. You also have to pay right away from your drink - calm down. Let me relax people. So basically yes you'll have a good drink. Comme ci comme ca.
5	This place was great. Loved the decor and the vibe. We showed up at 10:30am on a Sunday and there was only space at the bar available but that was fine with us. The chairs were comfortable and there was plenty of room. They have sparrow wallpaper and a great stained glass sparrow. And sparrows on the coasters.I had the smoked trout dish that included scallion pancakes, beets and soft boiled eggs and was AMAZING!! I loved it. My friend for the buckwheat pancakes with bacon and also loved it. We didn't have any drinks but the lattes were good.It's also in a nice area with tons of great shops nearby.
4	This super relaxed restaurant/pub is pretty cool and BUSY - Yuppie central!!! The food was pretty incredible (had the ShaShuka) BUT the latte was a bit of disappointment (three mouthfuls and it was gone). Service was really good considering just how busy it was. Totally would recommend Sparrow but bring your own bowl or mug for latte! Will be back for sure!
4	Waited 25 minutes for a table but we were able to enjoy our coffee while waiting, sitting in the stairs in the back. The service was good and the bacon was crispy. Great way to start a Sunday.
3	I've heard many good things about this resto/bar so I decided to check it out with my friend one Sunday. The place itself is cute and cozy. We had to wait roughly 10 mins for our table, but the hostess was kind enough to offer us a coffee while we waited. We finally got a seat at the bar. We ordered the beet and carrot juice small format. Let's just say it was REALLY SMALL. It costed 5$. Total ripoff. I had to sip it slowly to make sure I could enjoy it with my meal. Let's just say I ended up drinking water with my meal, which I had to ask the busboy for because my waitress was too pretentious to serve us. Coffee isn't even included with your meal. It's is overly priced as well. I ordered the shashuka with merguez sausages. It was delicious but not satisfying.  I was still hungry after my meal. My friend ordered the Turkish breakfast which he seemed to really enjoy. For me, Sunday brunch is all about filling up your stomach to the brim with hearty food. This place just didn't cut it
5	the pancakes were delicious, no line up on a sunday 2 pm..The decor was shabby chic, which I absolutely love.Will definitely go back
5	Loved Sparrow. Their space is fun and they really take advantage of the space. I took my family out from Sunday brunch and none of us were disappointed. Two of us started off with coffee, my mother and I opted for the fresh pressed beet juice. Yum. My mother and sister got the thyme fried eggs. Looked very good, and the bacon was thick and meaty. The eggs are free range and organic, the yolks where a beautiful rich orange. I really appreciate places that advertise it on their menu and decide to use organic ingredients. It can be surprisingly rare to see in Montreal. My dad decided on the granola and yogurt. It looked amazing. A mound of thick delicious yogurt covered in fruit and homemade granola. I went for the Shakshuka with merguez sausage. It was delicious. I will be back to check out their upstairs tea room.
5	This review is just for the cocktails. They are superb. I had the best gin and tonic of my life, and that is saying A LOT. All the other cocktails I tasted are well balanced and delicious, too. Prices are very reasonable for what you get, and the ambiance and environment is comfortable for either meeting up with friends or as a date spot.
4	Went there for dinner, at a table and not the bar.Lovely ambiance, although a bit cold on the temperature side for my liking. The menu is simple, without pretense (none of those names you won't recognize).We ordered oysters and devils on a horseback. Oyster were fresh, but nothing outstanding. The other appetizer was an interesting discovery for me, very interesting mix of bacon, plums and caramelized sauce.As for the mains, they gave hearty portions. The pan-roasted trout came with some simple vegetable (a ball of carrot slaw, roasted cauliflower, and diced tomato salad) and herb-flavoured basmati rice. The pork chops came with some wedge potatoes and vegetables. Simple, but effective.Service was attentive without being over bearing. On the downside, the food seemed slow to come. The second appetizer seemed to have taken forever to appear at our table, and we waited for the mains too, long after having polished off the appetizers.I would come back to try their brunch and their alcohols, which sadly we didn't get to sample.
