4	Nice brasserie in the heart of Villeray, with a simple but cosy decor and ok service.Tried to go there on a Friday night (around 6.30) and couldn't find a place to sit so we left.Went back on a Tuesday night, and the place was much quieter, with plenty of seats available. There was also a jazz band which was awesome. They were loud enough, but you could still hear yourself talk.The beer is good and fairly priced compared to similar drinking spots. Overall, it's definitely a go-to bar to have a drink or two with your mates!
3	I am totally delighted to have another nearby option for pints of local beer, and it's fun to explore north instead of heading south all the time. The beers on tap here are a bit different from those at Vices et Versa usually, so that's cool too, and the room isn't bad, but it's just not my favourite somehow. There's something a little lacking about it, though the cement and stretches of blond wood are nice, and the waitress and staff in general seemed super friendly and moving quick for a very crowded bar, there's a whiff of blankness. Maybe what feels like a lack of strong character is just the newness. The nachos were tasty and all cheers for the local craft beers. I'll be back.
5	A friend suggested this place.I will love this friend forever. And here's why.1) It's 10mn walk from my place, not that you care, but hey !2) They may not have a HUGE selection of beers from around the world, but what they do have is an amazing choice of local beers, they sometimes change the menu regarding what they get3) They have food to share, cheese plates, nachos and so on (I had a melted brie with dry fruits, bread and nuts : OMAGAD4) the place is nice and big enough to hear what the person in front of you is saying between two sips of beer5) Quick and really efficient service, the waitress clearly knew what she was doing, and good advices on the beers they hadShould be enough to convince you, right ?Cheers
3	It's a nice place and pretty close to the the Jarry MetroNot too cramped for a Tuesday Night, very nice for having a group of people together.The beer selection is very nice as well, having several Montrealer Microbrews. Had one of the stronger Ales (which tasted more like a Lambic than an Ale, but I digress) and it was a nice choice (though I'd describe it as slightly spicy)
3	Great beers on tap, fun snack food and a quick stumble to the orange line...we all know how important that is to me. There was a jazz band playing and because I am getting old, I found that it was a bit too loud and I could only hear the person sitting right beside me, but still, for a Tuesday night, it made for a cool atmosphere. The beer was a tad on the pricey side especially given that it's north of the tracks and the room was nothing special, so that's why they only get 3 stars instead of 4.
