3	This is one of the newest Magic Shows in Vegas.  Hans Klok, a Dutch Illusionist, is reputed to be the "World's Fastest Magician".  He does numerous tricks for the span of 1 and a half hours.  Some of the tricks and illusions are very familiar and we do know how some of them are done.  I am referencing the "Breaking the Magician's Code: Magic's Biggest Secrets Finally Revealed," by the very infamous Masked Magician.I am impressed though by his Light Bulb Illusion which he acquired the secret from Harry Blackstone's Family and which he lovingly paid his respects to.This show featured Pamela Anderson, who shows up towards the end of the show for a few of the tricks.  Although she is advertised as Hans' assistant, there were three other female performers who assisted with the majority of the tricks. Hans Klok performs some of the choreography with dancers and assistants, who are extremely talented.Three stars, but with a few tweaks here and there, can have four star potential.
3	t was surprisingly good! Ok, it was really cheesy (so cheesy, in fact, that the dancers literally danced on round pieces of wood designed to look like wheels of Gouda!!!), but Hans Klok himself was pretty good, especially the light bulb illusion.Pamela Anderson was lame. I guess she has nice legs, but the rest of her looks so fake and kind of scary. There was really no reason for her to be in the show. There was especially no reason for her to run downstage in a silvery bathing suit a-la Baywatch for the cast applause. Does she have any other value other than her body? It kind of made me sad. Plus, Pamela got all of the attention while his real assistants worked their asses off. They were way cuter than Anderson and were obviously very talented.As an added bit of schadenfreude, Hans Klok singed a bit of his long flowing hair with one of his fire tricks. Oops!
3	Entertaining, storytelling variety magic show.  The wind machine at the front of the stage that blows the blond manes of Hans and Pamela was amusing.  Good show.
3	To be honest, I was really drunk when I went to go see this. And I was beyond tired. I stayed awake throughout the whole show just to see Pamela Anderson come out for 10 minutes. TEN freakin MINUTES!! I was expecting her to be the main attraction! Either way, Hans managed to keep me awake for an hour and a half and from what I remember, the show wasn't half bad. I would much rather pay 40 bucks to see this than 100 to see David Copperfield's disappointment of a show
