3	Heated Indoor and Outdoor Pool, Tennis, Racquetball, Basketball Court, Lots of Exercise Equipment. No Sauna. Separate Men's and Women's Wet Areas. Size-able Older Clientele with children running around in the the Locker Rooms. Summer Daycare Programs take over some of the facility. Major problem with outdated and poorly maintained equipment. Elliptical Machine Repairs ignored for months. Men's Steam Room down 25% percent of the time and poorly cleaned. Same for showers, whirlpool, etc.. This is not an inexpensive club and it's far below the standards of its other properties in California. Long Term Annual Contracts Required. Many Great Members in this Club.
5	Amazing facility and friendly staff. This place is huge! Indoor track, basketball court, tennis courts, pool, racquetball... the works! Great place to take the kids too with their famous Kids World. Check it out.Follow me on twitter! www.twitter.com/edsonhong
5	Clubsport is a wonderful facility, Huge facility, great variety of classes from Yoga to Boxing, indoor/outdoor swimming, indoor track, basketball, raquetball, indoor/outdoor tennis, friendly atmosphere, Kidsworld, and much more! :)
4	The general consensus, at this Yelp event, was that not many people knew that there was a club hidden on Olympic Avenue. It was a bigger shock that they have been there since 1988 according to a massage therapist. The facilities are immaculate. The complex is comprised of a track, tennis courts,pool, spa, basketball courts, weights, cardio center, snack bar, squash and racquetball courts. For being two decades old, it is well maintained and pristine. The staff have a great sense of humor. At least one of the receptionists. She made it a point to go around striking up conversations with everyone. The bathroom acts as a lounge that people can chill and relax in after an intense workout. The card key system for the lockers are more complicated than it needs to be. First you need to insert the card into a slot on the inside to release the key. Make sure to remember where your locker is because it can become problematic due to the fact that the key and lockers have no number. If you lose the key it will cost $25 dollars to pry it open and retrieve your property.
4	ClubSport is a full complex of facilities for sports, weights, aerobics classes, dance, massage, food, relaxation and more!  Really, it's the kind of place were you could spend a full afternoon hopping from the basketball court, to classes, to pool, steamroom, and then off to grab a healthy bite.  It's tucked away in a corner of Green Valley that I barely knew existed, even though I live right down the road.  I wasn't the only one who was surprised by the existence of this complex.  It definitely has more of a country club feel, which isn't really my thing, but for those who are into it it's easy to get to and offers great amenities!
5	The best gym in Vegas hands down.. What ever you're looking for they got it here..
4	I have always wanted to try this place out and saw that there was a Groupon for it so I bought one and did exactly that.The place is a hidden gem. Its huge. If you like to swim this is the place for you. Several pools to choose from.The customer service is great and the childcare is a big bonus. They took good care of my little guy. He really enjoyed going there and playing while mom worked out.Its an older facility with an older crowd. Think more country club that gym. They even have a cafe that has Blue Moon on tap!! That cracked me up!!I was there to burn calories and not put more on so I never did try it. I would love to have a membership here but the location is not great for me otherwise I would sign up for sure.
5	After you are done working out here....Head over to Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and enjoy a salda to share with someone and don't forget to show your club sport members card and get 10%.
2	What gives?  I have seen some negative review of club sport lately, but they all get taken down.  I have been a member since 2005.  Great things about Club Sport:There is an amazing salon and a solid day spa on site.  They serve food and beer.  The family vibe is nice if you are not looking for a meat market.  Lots of courts. Lots of classes.  Not so great things about Club Sport:Outdated machines.  Low level of cleanliness.  If you notice, most of the people raving about how clean it is went to a Yelp event.  I guess they put on their A game for that day.  If you look around the machines, it is shocking how poor the cleaning is.  In addition, this is the only club I have belonged to that doesn't provide spay bottles with disinfectant.  Customer service varies from exceptional to exceptionally poor, depending on who is there.  When I signed up, they promised me free guest passes whenever I wanted them.   I only asked for them once a year, for an out of state guest.  Management told me that I would have to pay $15 a day for my out of state guest even though I have been a member for years at the highest membership dues (tennis club membership).
5	This place is amazing!  We love the club feel of ClubSport and spend tons of time there.  Our kids play tennis here, racquetball, swim and dance.  We can drop them off for up to three hours at Kids World.  For us there are some really amazing trainers, great classes (including Boot Camp), dance classes, pilates, raquetball, spin class, a running track, basketball court, huge pool to swim laps, a jaccuzi and sauna in the locker room and more.  We could not have asked for a better gym for the whole family!
2	I use to be a member a few months ago and I left. Staff are great but the gym itself is lacking. Machines dont get fixed for a long time, the mens changing rooms, steam and jacuzzi is full of naked old men. Nobody wheres trunks or shorts in the steam or jacuzzi which i thinks disgusting. Most machines are bent or twisted. If you want to a place to talk and where everybody is friendly its great, if you want to work out hard, go elsewhere.
5	I love it here. Have been a member since March and it feels like a country club. It's definitely not like LVAC where the main reason to go to the gym is to look your best, hair done, makeup, etc, and dress all matchy matchy. THAT place reminds me of a scene from the movie Romy & Michelle's HS Reunion on the treadmill with heels.  Everyone here is friendly. There are plenty of machines to use and I've never come across any that were broken for extended periods of time. The locker rooms are great! Lots of lockers, ALL NUMBERED, and they have bath products (ie: shampoo, conditioner, body wash pumps) in the showers. They provide towels but they're small, so I'd recommend bringing your own if you're not comfortable walking around w/ a little bit hanging out. They also have hair dryers, mouthwash, body lotion for members to use. The locker room connects to the spa which is women only or men only, and the indoor pool, as well as the outdoor pool. The outdoor pool is huge! You can do laps, hang out w/ the kiddos, or lay out as there are a ton of chairs. They also do monthly bbq's out there for members. There is a juice bar which also serves beer, sandwiches, a salon, massage parlor, and tennis shop.
5	Great  tennis and all around sports club.   Will work with you if visiting or guest.  Lots of  specials.  Talk to Anna Tomasiellla -
3	I've been a member for about nine months now.  When I joined I thought Club Sport was supposed to be an upscale fitness center.  It should be like a nice country club sans golf.  Unfortunately it is not.First the positive:The staff is very friendly.  They get to know who you are and greet you by name pretty much every time you come in.Really convenient, yet hidden and somewhat exclusive at the same time.Towel service is a great option.  Of course you do pay for this in your monthly membership fee.They recently replaced all the chest press racks with some much nicer units.Now the negatives:The first thing you'll notice is how dated the facility is: a lot of teal and white and grey and pink.  I don't think the club has ever been remodeled or updated.  A lot of the fitness floor is carpeted, which is odd.  What's worse is there are a number of worn out/ripped areas of carpet.  The basketball court needs to be refinished.  The floor is in terrible shape.  It's not only unattractive, but dangerous because it is so slippery.The men's hot tub needs some major maintenance.  The grout in the 25 year old hot tub is gone in a lot of places.  Besides being ugly, it creates a lot of water loss.The later in the day you're in the facility, the messier it is.  Not dirty, but messy.  Many of the members will not pick up after themselves.  Compounding the issue is the fact that staff doesn't regularly patrol the facility to clean and pick up as needed.  Of course you'll find dumbbells and other equipment everywhere except where they go.  There are countless towels left in hallways, on floors, in the basketball court, on machines, in the steam room and hot tub areas, and throughout the locker room.If you're in the parking lot or or back by the tennis courts look out for the feral cats. There are countless feral cats throughout the property.The club closes on most "holidays."  While I expect the club to close for Xmas, I don't think closing for Thanksgiving, Xmas eve, New Year's Eve, New Year's Day, Easter, and July 4th is acceptable.  Closing early on these days is acceptable, but being closed the entire day is not. I have no problem paying a lot of money for something as long as I get value from it.  Club Sport is just okay.  I'm not sure I'm getting a good value for my money here.  If you want value from the money you pay your athletic club, you may want to look at other options like 24 Hour, LVAC, or Gold's.
5	Theres plenty of fitness clubs in Las Vegas to choose from and one of the main factors is the qualification of the trainers . Anna Tomasiello is one who is not only truly involved with her clients,but is helpful in advising club members. As a member of many clubs in my 30 plus years in Las Vegas I would strongly recommend her .
4	High end gym? I'll say! Came through town to visit friends on a road trip, and bf used a guest pass to play indoor tennis here- apparently that's a thing, since the usual temps here don't allow for anyone to really play outdoors.He lived here for a couple of years and club tennis was his thing here, and honestly this place and the overall Vegas community are a big part of what he wants to move back- probably the only major reason, actually...But I digress. For my usage, as a cardio addict, this place was top-notch. The dressing rooms have everything you could need to shower and clean up after your workout, and the cardio equipment is both plentiful and in working order- including the individual screens and headphone jacks.This is all probably pretty standard, and it's what I'm used to back home, but when travelling it is always kind of difficult to find a place that is up to my standards without having to pay for a month long membership for just a few days (which is insane).We'll definitely be back, and if we spend a couple of months here over the summer (which looks likely), we'll almost certainly get memberships and spend the majority of our days here hiding from the sun.
4	very nice a little dated but all in all very nice. if only it was closer to my house.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! I've been a member of Gold's, 24 Hour and LVAC in the past and this is by far the creme de la creme! Indoor and outdoor pools, indoor and outdoor tennis courts, indoor basketball/volleyball court, indoor track, a full service bar, spa, sauna, the works! The machines are the best of the best and very well kept. My muscles are doing things they've never done before in the past. Gotta love it!The staff is the best and what I like the most is that no matter when I come, it's never crowded, so getting on the machines I love is never an issue.The monthly fee is way higher than my past gyms but you get what you pay for and boy am I loving what I am paying for! Love the fact that it smells like a spa in this place and not a sweaty, old gym. LVAC definitely spoiled me when I came to them from 24 Hour, and when I left LVAC due to moving and wanting something close to home,  thus returning to 24 Hour, I was extremely disappointed and needless to say, spoiled at what a gym should look like. Club Sport has definitely taken my spoiling to another level. I cannot see myself working out any place else. I will be a member for quite a long time. A splurge definitely worth every penny!
5	Lets go ahead and start from the bottom:The locker room:Spa, steam room, showers (with shampoo, conditioner and shave cream), vanity equipped with hair dryer, hair spray, body spray,mouth wash and lotion. Very clean, and attentive personnel.Oh yeah, forgot your towel? No need to worry! The club has got you!The group fitness options are phenomenal, I could not believe how many classes they have!The facility has its own bar/cafe so hunger should not pose as a problem... ever, complete with salads, shakes and beer...not that you should be drinking after an intense workout. There are always weights and machines available, and there are:Indoor tennis courtsIndoor swimming poolsOutdoor Tennis courtsOutdoor swimming poolsIndoor and Outdoor race tracksRacquetballHandballSquashBasketballBadmintonSpa TreatmentsSalon... Spoiled. Totally spoiled, and I dont think I could ever return to a regular gym.
4	Well I decided that this place is worth the 20 minute drive from my house & signed up for a year with them. There were several factors that led me back here. One the childcare facility is AMAZING. They have tons of teens working there & they really engage the kids. My son  loves going there & asks me every day to go. Thats the kinda kick in the ass motivation I like!I also like the fact that they supply towels. And its a huge facility so it never seems crowded.I have my 4yr old in a swim class on Mondays and the instructor is great and I think its going very well.I have found my new obsession every other day here. I love this place.
1	So disappointed with this club. We have been family members for over three years, paying extra for private training, tennis lessons, food etc that makes our bill significantly larger than the monthly fee. Today they pulled me into the office and said "we weren't charging you for your kids but now we are going to start" -$50 more per month beginning next month. I guess they missed the idea of rewarding those customers who spend lots of money with you .......So now we will probably leave the club and find somewhere else that values our business - really, really disappointed in this business!!!!
1	Very disappointed. My husband and I really liked this gym and had only been going there for a couple months. We signed a year contract when joining the gym and 3 months in they tell us they are changing it and we now need to pay $20 more dollars in addition to what we were already paying a month to bring our daughter to their daycare a few days a week and we only leaver her there for 60-90 mins. The daycare was one of the biggest reasons we chose this gym.Long story short.. Why do we sign a contract if you're just going to change it on us?! We will be taking our business else where. Oh, and I must add that my husband tried to contact Valerie "the person in charge of memberships" and it took her 5 days to finally get back to him. She was there every day that he called and he just had to keep leaving her a voicemail. She didn't even apologize for taking so long to call him back! Ridiculous!
4	I came here originally as a throwback to my childhood.  We were members when I was 13-14 (late 80s/early 90s).  Somethings are exactly the same, while there has been some changes.I decided to become a member as an adult with my husband.What I love about this place:Locker room perks.  Shampoo, conditioner, body wash & shaving cream in the showers. Then they also have lotion, mouth wash, deodorant, hair spray and hair dryers.  All women needs is their hair brush and make up with their work clothes and they are good to go directly to work!  My man doesn't even need the brush and he's on his way.I love the steam room.  When I have the time, I like to relax in there for ten minutes before rapping up my visit.  I am not as much interested in the hot tub.  The club, itself, is awesome!  This is not the place that pretty people come to, prance around in barely there clothes and have full makeup.  This place has an older crowd.  (Which I hear from my husband is a little free with the nudity in the mens locker room, but is not an issue in the womens.)  There seems to be people who are there to work out and not show off.When I am short on time, I like to hit a few cardio machines, do a few weights, and get out of there.  If I have the time, the classes are great!  There is plenty of room to move in the class.  (Please don't bring your teenagers with you; they really don't want to be there.)  Insanity is an excellent class!  I am hoping to make time to experience more!The swim lessons are next on our list.  There is a new session starting this week.  My little one is going to give it a try.  The lessons at the inside pool.  When my son is done with flag football, he wants to try the mixed martial arts/kickboxing classes they have there for kids.Great hours.  Plenty of space to hang out.  Kids can watch tv in the lounge area near the indoor tennis courts.  Only thing I don't like about this place is the annoying tweens that seem to roam about.  My husband ran into one running the wrong way on the indoor track.  The three boys knew that they were running the wrong direction, but were having too much fun screwing around to change directions until his middle school body encountered a 6'3" 250 man and landed on his butt.  Seriously, that is the only thing wrong with this club that there needs to be some accountability for parents and the staff need to keep an eye out.
3	This is a nice gym all in all although there is room for improvement. I would recommend keeping on top of the disinfecting wipes better & the towel supply by the machines. I would expand the class schedules to better fit working women. I absolutely love the outdoor pool. Perfect for kids and adults. The snack bar upstairs usually only staffs one person so there can be a bit of a wait...but the food is decent. They have a very basic menu. I believe they serve alcohol as well there. The kids babysitting area is fine although I wished they had more hand sanitizers around. They let your kid stay for 3 hours vs 2 at most other places. This isn't a gym for hot young gorgeous people looking to hook up...it seems like more family oriented & an older crowd from my experience. It is pretty pricey to be a member, but I think the pools (there is an indoor pool as well) makes it worth it. Both are heated. Update: I am no longer a member of this gym due to trying to save money. But I will miss the pool with my toddler this summer for sure.
2	I was hoping the addition of a new GM would make the club a better place. Unfortunately that's not the case.First off,  the members were promised a new functional training area back in November 2013 - That never materialized. They just removed all the cardio equipment upstairs and laid out mats.They also began what they called an improvement plan. All that's been done is a few hammer-strength-style machines were added - completely unnecessary. They also replaced three cable crossover machines with one new cable crossover - If you're going to replace three old pieces of equipment, bring in three pieces of new equipment.  When I joined a couple years ago, there were three TRX stations, now there is only one. Now the trainers are getting bad. They like to monopolize areas of the gym with no consideration to other members who may want to use the equipment.  It's bad enough to have a member monopolize equipment, but to have a club employee doing that is unacceptable.In addition to the equipment issues, the gym gets dirtier and messier. The new GM has eliminated half of the trash cans and dirty towel bins, so the lazier members will leave trash everywhere except in a trash can. There is no floor staff to patrol the fitness floor, so the floors are littered with weights that don't get put away dirty towels from the racquetball and squash players who cannot pick up after themselves.Avoid the gym on weekend afternoons.  They rent out the basketball court to NYS, so the parking lot is packed with cars and the entire building is packed with non-members.  Some of those non-members migrate into the fitness area and get in the way of members attempting to exercise.I have approached management on numerous occasions about all of these issues. Every time I get the stock response, "We'll look into it."Beyond the fitness issues, there are also issues with the childcare center.  unlike other members, I don't mind paying for childcare - although FREE childcare was promised.  My issue is that the cannot deal with a disabled child in there.  My daughter has a brain disease, spends time in a wheelchair, and needs a little more attention than a "normal" kid - read about her at www.HugsforHailey.com .  We approached the staff a few times and were told they don't have the capability to accommodate Hailey's needs.  Not good...I have visited other ClubSport gyms in California and Oregon.  They are AMAZING facilities.  CSGV is nowhere near what ClubSport/Renaissance stands for.  CSGV has so much potential, but they insist on alienating their members. If things don't change drastically, I will go back to 24 Hour.
5	I love this gym I am a bit younger then the folks I see here but I LOVE IT. The staff is WONDERFUL from Kids World to cleaning staff to front desk to sales rep Nick to the trainers! I like everyone I have met. I use to LOVE LVAC and have went to 24hour fitness a couple times but they don't compare to this one. People actually come here to workout not get ready and walk around the gym. Plus there is so many additional spaces like Racket ball, Tennis, MMA gym ect... AND my biggest favorite is Kid's World I have 2 daughter and they love everyone the staff is sssooo nice and watch babies for 3 HOURS, Fed them, and CHANGE DIAPERS doesn't get any better them that. I can workout, relax, swim, and shower with no rush!! Can not complain about this place I tell all my friends about it :)
1	The place is absolutely filthy! Outdated equipment, worn down and worn out. Cancelled my membership. Beware of this place.
1	I've never set foot in here, so I can't say how good or bad the club is, but what I will say- what annoyed the heck out of me is one of their sales reps Michelle Meyer came to my place of business, parked in a Handicapped spot (with no placard or plate) and sat in her car for a good 5 minutes reading something. I went outside and asked her if she had a plate or placard and instead of immediately moving her car, she used that as an opportunity to try to sell me on a membership to this place.  At first I refused her pamphlet but then I took it only so I could have her business card to report this (after several requests to have her move her car).   I had to ask her multiple times to please move her car, as there were several other available spots that weren't Handicapped parking and she continued to be difficult, saying it was only a few minutes and she heard me the first 4 times I asked.  If there's one thing I hate it's when people ignore those signs thinking it's ok for them since it's only a few minutes.  Therefore, I will ABSOLUTELY NEVER set foot in this place since representatives of this business seem to have no regard for those with disabilities.  This person was incredibly rude and disrespectful by parking here, and to find out she did it because it was convenient so she could hit the businesses in our lot to sell something was even worse.  IF YOU'RE NOT HANDICAPPED, IT'S NOT COOL TO PARK IN A SPOT DESIGNATED FOR THOSE WHO ARE.
5	Great place to work out and relax. After a couple of visits the staff knew my name. The place is clean and the staff is friendly.
4	If you want to go to a gym where you feel like family, ClubSport is the place. If you're looking for just a place to lift, stick to the cheaper Golds, 24 Hour, LVAC. The members at ClubSport have all been around for years and everyone, including the instructors, will know you by name. The juice bar inside turns into a bar in the evening and the locker rooms are filled with the tennis ladies gossiping about each other's husbands. My brothers told me that the men's locker room is exactly the same haha. The average age of ClubSport is definitely significantly higher than other gyms. You will always see more people over the age of 50 than under! The equipment may be a little old as well as the facility itself, but it is well kept. I like how intimate and quiet ClubSport is. I don't ever feel intimidated and everyone is extremely friendly. If you want to workout with headphones and do your own thing, try another gym!
