5	It's been a little over 2 years living here in the desert, and boy, does this heat and cold do a number on your car!!!  It's crazy how much work we've had done on this car of ours in the past 2 years compared to the amount of work done in its first 7 years of life living in balmy, beautiful Hawaii!Not knowing a soul here, we opened the one of seems to be a hundred different yellow pages from our doorsteps.  We found "Decatur Auto Electric."  Apparently, our "Engine Light Check" required attention in order to pass our "Smog Check" (that's like a safety check in Hawaii).  Anyway, it was a simple and painless (on the wallet) process, and we were on our way to register our car in our new state of Nevada.Since then, we've always depended on Jorge Villasenor, the owner.  He has always had THE very best customer service and attention we've ever experienced in the auto service industry.  We trust him.  And trust is very hard to come by.  He always makes time to see us, provides us with an immediate, if not, within the hour, estimate of our car repair, and is very forthcoming with any issues in his schedule, changes to the repair, etc.  What's even better is that he educates us on what is being done on the car, why it has to be done and how much it will cost us.  After the repair is complete, Jorge usually tells us how the service and repair went, going as far as to show us the old parts that were removed from our car.  We will never doubt his truthfulness, as we have not had to bring in our car a second time over to correct his repairs.  Hooray for Jorge!  He and his company, Decatur Auto Electric are top-notch, both in customer and in auto service!!!  Where else can you find honest people in the service industry at first try!!!  Lucky us!
5	I had a problem where the trunk lid on my 1993 Cadillac did not close.  The pull down mechanism wasnt working at all.  I was greeted by Luis at the front desk and had thoughts of them taking hours to find the bug. Well, his mechanics found the electrical problem in about 20 minutes.  The peace of mind of having a car that works properly is everything.           I highly recommend Decatur Electric.  Larry & Eva Roth
5	Another great and honest service by Decatur Auto Electirc.  This is the 3rd time they have worked on my truck and have been resonable and honest each time.  Thank Luis and team for another job well done!  I will recomend you and be back with future issues I may encounter. Thanks, John
5	This place is legit! Very great customer service and they stand by their work. I had some wiring gremlins after having regulate motor sports install an safc 2 into my supercharged car. After getting it back the car misfired and ran like crap. Drive it down the street into Decatur auto electro before shutting it down because I did not trust the people at regulate to work on my vehicle. These guys did an amazing job in rewriting the tuner for me and even pointed out the crappy job regulate did. They went in and soldered the connections rather than crimping and made sure the job was done right. They did the work at a great price as well and even followed up with me a week later.
5	Outstanding service by highly qualified mechanics. They may charge slightly more however it is always done right. This is the only place I trust to work on my cars after dealing with a few other places that were supposed to be great.
