5	The littlest secondhand bookstore that could.  The Word has been a fixture of Montreal's bookstore scene for decades, and it's a true treasure. They're especially strong in the English lit department, but it's remarkable what you find there.  Over the years, we've also done quite well with their cookbook and travel literature sections.  Adrian, the owner, is a true gentleman-bookseller.
5	Great little bookstore. Not a huge selection of literature or fiction bit still takes up one whole wall. Cash only though so make sure you have plenty on hand before you start searching. Prices were about 10$ per fiction book
5	I love this grumpy, packed tight, signage-free second-hand bookstore in the McGill Ghetto. The close proximity to the university (just blocks from Milton gate) makes it a goldmine of good reads, and if you're quick you can grab most required reading for the English lit classes from the shelves here as they are bought and sold by students between semesters. Prices are fair for secondhand for sure, and the stack outside is usually $1, sometimes slashed to 50 cents at the cash for no apparent reason. The owner doesn't smile or chat much with customers, but it's a bookstore! Get your mind expansion materials here, get your chummy on elsewhere.
4	They have a wide variety of books...good place to buy second-hand books, if you can put up with the owners somewhat hostile attitude...but then again, it's not like I am gonna marry him, so I keep coming back whenever I need a book that does not have to be new or the newest edition.
5	English literature secondhand bookstore. Choice is not extremely wide due to the size of the shop, but the attitude and proper selection of books, also the convenient location on the downtown edge of the Plateau makes it worth coming back. Some of the authors are presented with a truly wide range of works. The obvious "cultural value" of the place can be perceived through the intelligence and competence of sellers, and the atmosphere is the way it should be.
5	This little bookshop is the tip of the iceberg. Don't be fooled by the size of this little place, because the owner also has a huge collection of books at his storeroom around the corner. I called The Word yesterday looking for a book by a quebecois author that I hadn't been able to track down. This was the fifth place I had tried. Not only did he have the book I wanted, but he also had many others by the same author in both french and english.While I browsed the shop I also came across another novel I hadn't been able to find anywhere else, too bad I had already ordered it on Amazon after must fruitless searching. The Word will definitely be my first stop when I look for books from now on.  I saw so many good titles here and the owner is so patient and lovely.  The Word's the word.
5	As fine a small, smart bookstore as you will ever find. Just an amazingly well selected stock in a single room. Open, pleasant, well organized, owner is great. Bought too many books. Literature, art, religion, just so well selected. You'll find something you really wanted. Prices are super reasonable.
