2	I know Jimmy John's is all about "super freaky fast" service, but their manners are also pretty freaky.  I'm usually sympathetic to unmotivated or cranky employees (after all, there's nothing glamorous about working at a fast food place).  Unfortunately, the college kids who work here are particularly resentful--and they don't mind taking it out on your sandwich.I came in by myself to pick up dinner for friends.  When I tried to place my order, the girl working the register (who was obviously new) struggled to punch in each item.  No one seemed interested in helping her, even though 4 other people stood behind the counter.  She finally started yelling at them...still, they just stared blankly at the cold cuts in front of them (maybe they were stoned?).  After they made and wrapped my subs, they placed them on the counter in front of me.  I asked if they could bag them since it would be awkward to carry all those sandwiches on my own.  One employee pointed to a stack of paper bags and told me I could bag them myself, if I wanted.The sandwiches are all just variations on a theme: meat of choice, watery mayo, tomatoes, a modest smear of avocado, and too much shredded iceberg lettuce.  The taste is much improved if you add their tasty hot peppers, but I very rarely crave a Jimmy John's sandwich.For fast food sandwiches, I vote Subway.  The only benefit of Jimmy John's is that they deliver.
5	Awesome place. Great manners, and REALLY fast.
1	Called from marketplace mall area... When i told the girl on the phone, she said that I was serviced by a different location and that they were closed.  Then she hung up on me without as much as a goodbye.  Wow... No effort to satisfy a customer at all.
4	Turkey sandwich are great here and they make it super quickly.  Its much better than subway although that is not saying much nowadays.
3	I am from nevada so when it was raining of course I didn't want to leave my room. So, I ordered Jimmy Johns. They are supposed to be really fast so I started a timer when I hung up from placing my order. I am about a mile from the store and from the moment I hung up the phone until the moment the driver was at my door was 20 minutes. A little slow but the sandwich was amazing. I ordered a complicated sandwich and am very happy that it is all correct. Bread tasted great and everything was fresh.
4	The delivery is fast and consistently good. Online ordering is great. It's annoying they don't give you napkins which is why no five star for me. When I'm home it's not a big deal but sitting in my office it really takes away from the convenience factor and I get that I can ask them but 1) should I really have to? and 2) even when I've done that in the past they forget them. I think it's kind of a joke they don't give napkins by default honestly especially for delivery. Having said that I still order from here all the time so why would they change?
5	This if my favorite JJ's in town. Staff always on top of their game. I usually stop in on my way to work at least once. With limited time before I have to clock in they normally have me in and out within 90 seconds. I also live about a mile away. Once I ordered for delivery on a -15 January afternoon. Not only was my food at my house in 9 minutes but also delivered on a bicycle. Thats some hardcore s**t right there. Keep it up JJ's!
5	Food is very good and accurate.  Staff was all business and bursting with energy. The manager, I think his name is bubbles, he looks like a short cute buddy holly, was friendly and and helpful.
