4	Iris did a fantastic job with my wedding cake in 2007, prior to that she did another one of my friend's cakes and it looked beautiful and tasted great.She does a lot of flavors and can replicate any of the beautiful cakes you see in Martha Stewart Wedding Magazines!I had given her a picture, and the end result blew me out of the water and all of our guests.We had a 4 tier almond and vanilla cake with butterscream icing and gold ribbon detail, I will upload a picture later, but it is featured in her gallery on her site.The process, she came to our home with cake samples to taste and a portfolio of her work.  I already had in mind something and she immediately gave us ideas based on my vision.  I live far away so she was easy to work with over the phone and email to pick a custom cake topper.
4	Some of the best cakes you've ever tasted are made by Iris.  Leave your specialty request for wedding, birthday, or other special occasion cakes to her because she has you covered.....her homemade butter creme icing is insanely heavenly!  I have no idea how she makes it so light and creamy almost liked a whipped cream or something but it's soooooo very good, simply perfect there is no other that can come close to it.......no heavy thick icing here just well made perfect cakes in several flavors to choose from. Set up a consultation so you can sample some of the best homemade cakes around...my favorites are the pound, almond, chocolate and red velvet.
4	Iris of Austin's Bakery has been crafting signature birthday creations for the past six years for me and my friends and family. I was attending a baby shower when I first sampled one of her masterpieces. I have not been disappointed since then. Her cakes are made from scratch with no artificial ingredients (unless a request is made i.e. dragees, etc.) And she doesn't skimp on top quality ingredients and you can taste the difference. No more grocery store/Walmart bakery cakes for me. Pure, flavorful perfection and delectableness!!!!!
