5	The name might fool you into thinking you want to go there for pizza, but don't let the name fool you, this is your place for Greek food. I just got done with their vegetarian delight (Falafel, Baba Ganoush, and Hummus) and I haven't eaten this well in it seems like forever. The people there were incredibly friendly and I have to be honest, even if they weren't, it couldn't steere away from Greek food that delicious!
5	My husband and I live in east Mesa and spotted this place driving down Ironwood one day.  We chuckled at the name--didn't realize that Chicago was known for it's gyros.  Sometime later, we were looking for something different from the normal takeout restaurants we frequent in the area and thought we'd give this place a try.  Are we ever glad we did!  This is a little mom and pop restaurant that is far above all the Greek chain restaurants in the east valley.  The portions are generous and everything we've tried has been fantastic!  The feta cheese is the real deal, not the dried out crumbles used by most places.  My absolute favorite is the chicken kebab plate--one of the most flavorful, moist chicken breast dishes around.  My husband can't get past the gyros.We're regular patrons now.  I only wish they were open on Sunday!
4	Good food, Nice folks, Great prices! What more could you want?  :^)
5	I have passed by this place many times but never stopped. I am glad that we decided to try it tonight because this place is great. The restaurant itself is small but extremely clean and the service is great. We both had the gyro/fries combo and it was very good. Everything was fresh and the sauce was amazing!
5	Great quality food, large portions and friendly prompt service! Most of my orders here are to go and I have never had an order wrong. Gyros are great!
5	This place is amazing! The best hummus, falafel, Greek salads, gyros, pretty much whatever you order. Customer service is excellent too. Random place in Apache Junction, well worth the stop.
4	delicious food and great prices!! very good value :)
5	Went there last night and the food was excellent
4	OK, I'm just like everyone.  Extremely hesitant when it involves anything in Apache Junction.  But alas, I was shockingly surprised to find that I actually enjoyed this place.  Unfortunately I live in Gold Canyon so my dining options are limited and I was craving a Gyro and I didn't not want to drive at least 30 mins west to get one.  I have been driving by this place for years and I finally decided that it was time to actually give it a shot.   This is a quaint little place, nothing fancy, just down to earth little eatery, with walk up counter ordering and sit down service.  What I really enjoyed was when I walked up to the counter you can see into the kitchen and it was actually really clean and you can watch as your food is prepared, always a plus for me.  So far this place is looking pretty good.  Picture menu above the counter was pretty informative with the exception of most of the items were not priced, which I thought was strange, but I got over it, heh.   Now to the important part, the food.  I ordered the classic Gyro sandwich and Dolmas (stuffed grape leaves).  The Gyro was actually pretty tasty and presented quite simply with kebab meat, Tzatziki sauce, lettuce, and raw white onion, wrapped in paper.  It also came with a side of fries, which were the standard frozen variety, so nothing special, but not bad at the same time.  The Dolmas were pretty good as well.  I think there were about six of them plated on a bed of lettuce, a couple slices of cucumber, a couple pieces of feta cheese and several olives.  Definitely not the best Dolmas I have ever had, but certainly not the worst either, but no complaints.   The value of this place is solid.  I got the Gyro, the Dolmas, and a soda for $13 and change.  It's definitely a place to grab a solid meal.  It's quick, it's affordable and it's conveniently located to me.  I will be back again in the future for sure!
5	I drive in from Gilbert to go to this restaurant.  To-go orders and eat-in .. can't go wrong!  I highly recommend the souvlaki or combination plates, but a gyro salad is pretty damn good too.  Can never finish it all.  Don't get me started on the baklava... it's my weakness at this place.  Wish they would serve food with real utensils rather than plastic, but that's my only gripe.  At times I will have my favorite food buddy (my grandfather) bring me an order when he comes to visit.
5	Delicious food and friendly staff! If you want amazing Greek food, you need to go to Chicago's Number One Gyro now!
5	My girlfriend and I have passed by this joint several times in our ventures to other nearby establishments, but never could bring ourselves to stop in. We usually choose to travel in the other direction (i.e. towards "civilization") during mealtime, but It's a downright shame we didn't visit this place sooner! From the outside, it's difficult to know what to expect... A generic white and blue sign at the end of a mostly vacated strip mall on an obscure street corner in the outskirts of what is somehow still considered "Metro" Phoenix that reads "Chicago's Number One Gyro" could easily be mistaken for a defunct insurance office or haphazard dry cleaners in this part of town. However, upon entering, it turns out to be quite the quaint establishment with adequate, close-knit seating on the inside and a small patio outside for those who wish to work on their tans while they eat. The small cafe atmosphere makes it a great stop for meeting friends or grabbing a quick bite on the run. The eatery is sparsely staffed, but the employees (i.e. owners?) are pleasant and happy to answer any questions you have about the food or direct you to items you might be interested in trying if you're the indecisive type like my girlfriend. The menu features a decent selection of both Authentic Greek and Americanized-Greek favorites like Beef and Chicken Shish Kebobs, Souvlaki and a solid selection of Pita-based sandwiches, including the classic "Gyros" (pronounced "Yee-Rose") pita. Alongside these main entree offerings are a few oddballs like Philly Cheesesteaks, Spicy Beef Sandwiches and real Chicago-style Hot Dogs, which help justify the quirky name outside. Side dishes include great tasting standards like Hummus, French Fries and Salads, all in the $2-$4 range. A small selection of Greek pastries are also on display for dessert, but you may not get to them, as most entree portions, aside from the Pita sandwiches, are fairly generous. The Sandwiches come standard with a handful of French Fries and run an average of $5-$6, depending on the meat you choose. The larger "Plate" combos come with a fresh Greek Salad and your choice of meat on a bed of their great Basmati Rice for around $8. Plates can run up to $12 if you wish to add additonal meat portions, which is actually an economical option for anyone who doesn't mind sharing. Grab a 3-meat plate, a side of Hummus and a couple drinks and you'll have a tasty, date-worthy meal in a cozy and casual diner for under $20 out-the-door!Overall, the quality of the ingredients was top-notch, the taste was excellent and there's enough selection on the menu to keep the taste buds interested throughout multiple visits. The best part, besides the food, is that the fair prices mean I can indulge in the unique tastes of the greater Chicago-Mediterranean area without putting undue strain on my wallet!
4	Good Food, Good Service, that sums it up ,,Eat There you will agree
4	Little did I realize that there was good food in AJ, let alone good, no scratch that excellent Greek food here. Their gyros are super nom!
5	Just like Greek town. i love the gyros, and Greek fries. good place to try, you wont be disappointed.
4	Really good Greek food, very nice owner, great prices. They're only missing one thing- Sriracha sauce, the second they have it I will add the 5th star. Until then I'll keep loading the goods in a plastic bag and bring it with me.
4	This place has really good gyros. The main reason I give this place three stars is because it's the only gyro place that does not have sriracha sauce, which is a must for gyros. The owners are nice too and they give the kids chocolate too:)
3	I have been by this place so many times in the past but they always seemed to be closed or I was not in the mood for Greek food until last week. Let me start off by stating the facts on this place. It is in a small strip mall, the parking lot is small and does fill up quick given that it is shared with many other business including a daycare center. The main thing that stands out to me is just how popular this place is. The building is small yet during lunch time it is wall to wall people.So do not think you are going to run in and dash back out in a few mins. The prices are on the high side for what they offer as a meal ( a small fry, and 2 gyros) set me back almost 20. I ordered the traditional gyro (mixture of lamb and beef, tzatziki sauce, and onions) which was served on a nicely grilled pita bread. My friend ordered the chicken gyro minus the tzatziki and the fries I mentioned before. Once we got our orders we headed back to the house to eat as there was no room in the dinning room at the restaurant. Anyways my first bite of this great Greek style sandwich was full of flavor. The creamy tzatziki mixed with the spiced flavor of the meat and was great. It was one of the better Greek items I have had in a while. I only gave them 3 stars because of the price and the super long wait time between ordering and getting my food.If you are going to be busy like that during lunch time then hire more people or get the food out a little faster. Other than that I recommend this place to anybody who wants some nice Greek meat (reference from my big fat Greek wedding total chick flick but was actually pretty good).
3	We were moderately happy with the food. The pork was tender, plentiful and flavorful in the salad, but the veggies left something to be desired. The Philly Steak sub was out of this world, the gyro was only average. One the down side the lady at the counter was very patient with our ignorance of all things Greek on our first visit...not so much the second time, we asked for the fries to be crispy but they clearly weren't, I really hate eating with plastic flatware and the ice tea tasted like instant tea. But we will give it a 3rd try because there are other things on the menu we want to try including the homemade soup once the weather cools down a bit.We would love to see this place kick it up a notch because it has the potential to be a 'go to' place in AJ!
5	My wife and I visited this restaurant after reading the great reviews here on Yelp.  My wife is from Chicago and has been dying for some "real" Greek food.  We went on a Thursday, and arrived about 11:30AM.  The place was somewhat busy, but not crowded at all.  We only had to wait a couple of minutes to order.  The food took about 10 minutes to cook.  I gotta say.... the traditional gyro was F A B U L O U S !!!  My wife was beside herself with joy as she devoured her traditional gyro as well.  We both LOVED the fries too.... very crisp.  All in all, a fantastic visit, and we'll definitely be back!
5	If only this place wasn't located so deep in A.J.... but it's been worth the drive on several occasions. This place is the home of my favorite gyro east of the 101. If you go around dinner time, there is usually a line and about a 10-15 min wait to get your food (looks like a pretty small kitchen) but, the wait is less than 5 minutes for lunch in my experience. Their fries have been cooked well, which is another make-or-break for me as far as gyro/hot dog/burger places go for me.
5	8/1/12Great secret in Apache Junction have been here several times. Always have good Gyros.  For a great quick lunch, try if your in the area.
1	Never again... Way too expensive for being a hotdog joint. So not a "Chicago" type food. Would be more accurate to advertise as being a Greek restaurant.
5	Stopped by with family tonight..had gyro meal and so did the wife..jr had Chicago dog meal. He loved the dog but once he had a bite of our gyro and said "next time I'm getting the gyro. Food was great. Size was nice and fries were hot and tasty. They carry RC for you old schoolers. Place was clean and nice. Owner was there working away. I'll be back...
4	Super good.  Someone carved this out of a sidestreet in Chicago and towed it to Apache Junction.  Whoever did that - THANK YOU!
5	This place is so friendly and FAST!  I always get the lamb gyro and maybe even chicken and they are both very tasty good.  I have had three friends try and loved the idea of gyro's afterwards.  The French fries that come with a combo are also really good.  Kinda difficult to find but just call they are more than happy to help.
1	We have been here about five times.  Three more than we should have. First time was two years ago.  I had the cheeseburger. It was one of those cheap, pre-formed burgers from the grocery stores; texture was so gross I couldn't eat it.Next time I got chicken strips which were pretty good.  The last few times were terrible. I had soggy fish and fries.  Falafel was also pre-formed and tasted previously frozen.We have finally learned our lesson and won't be back.
4	Pretty to very good. Pita could have been heated better, and an additional $2 is a bit steep for substitute salad over fries. Salad could have had more feta too. Plastic and styrofoam everything detracts from the overall experience, but I'll be back.
1	Wow has this place gone down hill and it seems the owner has no time to care to take a customers call in regards to service or order.We normally order here at least once a month sometimes more.  The past few times little things were wrong here and there, we decided to overlook them until tonight. 4 orders we placed tonight were to come with pita.  Guess what only the gyro sandwich did.  Not the chicken plate, not the large greek salad, and not the feta and olives.  We also ordered an Italian Beef Sandwich no peppers.   Guess what open foil to find a large piece of green pepper and all the beef tasted of pepper.  The bread wasn't toasted but so so soggy and wet.  Crazy considering the au jus was on the side.  I only can think they marinated the beef with green peppers.  You think they would tell you if someone says no green peppers especially if that person had allergies could only imagine. Called to talk to owner regarding pita and girl on phone could care less told me he was to busy to come to phone.   Said I could come get pita if I wanted.  Yeah right then my food would be cold.  Said I wanted to talk to owner for credit in future not have my food cold.  She lays phone down here him start to yell at her for forgetting pita.  I then decided not worth it won't be returning anyways and hung up.Got me thinking either he can't pay adequate people or hires inadequate people.   When Inwas in restaurant industry if customers call due to you forgetting something first thing was apologize and ask what you can do to make it up or get there info and comp something next visit.  Last visit for us here.
1	I will never eat here again, my second time there was horrible! The lady in the front was rude, soda machine was not working and she sold me a soda anyways, then told me to just get something out of the fridge they have... no appolagy at all. Then they charge a $2 fee for a salad instead of fries, never in my life have I been charged a fee for this. The gyro meat was dry and the cook put one nasty end piece of tomato and one sliver of onion and like two drops of suace... it was not good food at all, and the salad was wilted with huge chunks of white onion, not really a salad onion.And their music was waaaaaaaaaay to loud! I would not recommend this place to anyone, take the trip to George's in Mesa instead!
4	I realise they claim they are Chicago's #1 Gyros, but they are pretty good for Arizona too.  I can only eat Gyro's once in a while, but when I have one, this a great place for them.  They are good.  Staff are super friendly also.  They can get a little busy at lunch time, espcially during snow bird season.  But don't let that keep you away.
4	Hands down *the* best tzatziki I have ever had. My wife loves to get just the pita with a side of the sauce, that is how delicious it is. The hummus could use more lemon. The way it is it tastes more like tahini than anything, so if you don't like lemony hummus, there you go. The gyros are great, and the greek salad with gyro meat can't be beat. Lots of veggies, feta, and a delicious dressing on the salad.The chicken shishkabobs are somewhat dry, but the rice is excellent. Baklava is really good, and the roll up ones are OK. Stuffed grape leaves are a little bland. All the vegetarian dishes are fried, which is not good because you usually go veg because you are trying to eat better. The chicago beefs are good when you have a craving, but they need more meat. Also they call dipped beefs "juicy," but anyone from Chicago knows that this is called dipped." The fries are awesome, nice and thick. Once you know what to get there you will love to eat there.
1	I used to love this place but now the service has gone downhill, they got rid of their good iced tea and substituted it with some chemical-taating off brand, their prices have gone WAY UP.  $9.75 for a sald with chicken in a stripmall joint is way too much, the waitress was rude and the greek music is sooooooo loud.  They added the suite next store to their dinig room, so they raised all their prices by 2 or 3 dollars each plate to compensate.  I liked them a lot better when thy were smaller, friendlier and didnt cut corners on the food.  Sadly this will be or last time coming here.
3	Wife and I tried it out today with mixed reviews. I had the gyro, which came with a small amount of fries. The gyro was very good. The fries not so much.The gyro had lots of meat and small amount of the rest of the filling. At many places it's the opposite.My wife had the deluxe combo (which I intended to sample), that had chicken, beef, pork, with rice and Greek salad and a pita.The beef, which was tasty, was stringy and super tough, so denture wearers, steer clear of it ;-)The pork, again while tasty, was 80 percent fat, with a bit of edible meat.The chicken, once again tasty, was very dry. The salad and rice were OK.The gyro was $9 dollars and the combo, 13+. Way too much for the overall quality of the food.My impression, being an excellent cook, is that the recipe and flavour was good, but they used the least expensive cuts of meat which plummeted the overall quality.So it's yes to the gyro, but no to the chicken, beef, and pork.
5	This place was very new, when my wife did some printing work for them. The person having the printing done gave my wife a coupon, I'm sure to entice us to come in and try it. I could not be happier this happened! I'm from Detroit, where there is a section down town called "Greek town". I absolutely love Greek food. I'm also a near 20 year veteran of the food industry. I was amazed by the authenticity! You can watch the cooks prepare your food, shaved lamb roast directly off the rotisserie! The food quality is outstanding. The place is clean and well maintained. The food is a little pricey, but you get what you pay for, portion size definitely matters. Hats off to this place. We've been back close to a 12 times, and will continue to return, if they continue the great job they are doing. Keep up the good work, and thank you for bringing Greek food to the area!
5	My parents and myself have been dining at this establishment since it opened. The saganaki, or rather flaming cheese, is dinner AND a show. Always entertaining to invite someone who has never been and order the saganaki listed on the specials board. The owner recognizes us and is cordial every time. Great food and great service for the price.
4	I tried this place out for lunch, and I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the gyro with fries.  It was really tasty, and the fries were done perfectly.  I'll be back to try more menu items, for sure.
5	I was cleaning up my classroom and workroom and decided that lunch would make sense and I went to this place on a recommendation for a displace Chicago teacher. She told me about the reason why this place opened up and recommended some of the menu items and I was not disappointed.  My wife had the Gyro Combo plate and I had the Soulvaki  Dinner Plate. Both entrees were done just right, juicy and tender. The Gyro meat was some of the best we have ever had and the Pork for the Soulvaki was tender and juicy. We were both given a lot of meat on our plates which surprised me.  My dinner came with the usual yellow tinted rice but is was tender, flaky and flavorful. The Tzatziki Sauce was very good and just the right amount of dill. The feta cheese that they are using was also exceptional, not overpowering at all.  I thought the prices were very reasonable and what I would have expected for a strip-mall mom/pop establishment.  The owner/cook was extremely friendly and so was the cashier/order taker.  Quite a few people came in while we were eating and both the cook and the server greeted them by their first names.  When I go to a strip-mall eating establishment my criteria for rating is cleanliness, prices, good food, and decent service. Pretty much what I look for and a more up-scale place.  This place is definitely worth the drive to get to because the food and the people are both great. for the people that gave this place a bad review I would suggest that you try it again and give it another shot.
5	My family ate here after visiting the Apache Trail.  We loved the food.  We ordered a lamb, a beef and a chicken platter and all the meats were outstanding.  The rice was delicious also.  The Chicago Hot Dog was huge and very tasty.  The service was even great.  I would definitely recommend it!
5	Another great meal again. These guys are awesome. Have them as much as possible. The combination plate is good all the meat perfect Greek salad and rice is the best I've ever had and I'm picky picky.
2	what happened to this place? We used to order weekly but the prices have gone out of control. My wife and I used to sit and talk with the owner but he seemed to lose interest as the business grew. Prices to high for a place that you order from a counter and get your own drinks. Please return to the place you once were with reasonable food costs and pleasant people.
5	Great food! Vegetarian menu! First time here. I had the gyro and hummus. This place is good! You will need someone  to carry you out to your car. You will be so full. ;) I can't believe this place was in AJ. Go here and eat you will like it!
3	I give it 3 not because of the food but because of the price. I went to get 3 gyro plates for take out and it came to $41 bucks. That is flipping outrageous!!!  A regular gyro is about over $8 bucks.  Add a drink...  I'll get my gyros elsewhere. The food is good ill give you that.  All the posts saying they were only $5 or $6 bucks are really old posts.
5	The food was so good...!! I had the Gyros and fries and my friend had the steak sandwich and fries.  Loved every last bite of them! The sandwiches were both just stuffed with hot fresh meat, the gyros had just the right amount of tzizki(sp) sauce, and they were both tasty. The price was right around 15 bucks with the coupon from the Independent Newspaper, which I consider a bargain for as much as you get. I highly recommend this great little Greek gem in the Junction.
5	By far the best Gyros in the Valley.  Great Chicago Italian Beef Sandwiches also.  Big portions and both indoor & outdoor seating.
4	The gyros were good.  It is a fast-food atmosphere with food served in baskets and self-serve pop but good gyros at a reasonable price.
