5	Got a POS car?  Is it out of warranty and you are thinking of scrapping it for parts? Well, stop whatcher doin' cuz Ima 'bout to ruin... your, um... plans.Take it to TMK Auto Repairs. The T stands for Tim (the owner), the M and the K? I don't really know what they stand for. It doesn't matter.  Tim is the only thing you need to know.  I render him a benevolent auto repair god in a world of corrupt car crooks.  His establishment is considered to be the Promised Land for anyone with the exacerbation of constant car troubles.  Anyway, enough of the overdramatics.Tim took a look at my 2000 GMC Jimmy and was so honest, it was like a slap in the face.  I've never been to a place where the owner helps me, then he proceeds to tell me he can fix my problem with a $4.99 part.  After he fixed it, he drove it around his 10 mile circuit to make sure everything was working properly.  He didn't try to up sell me into tune-ups or checks or better parts.  He simply fixed the problem.  Then, when I asked how much he charged for labor, he said "I'm not going to charge you labor.  It only took me 5 minutes to fix"...Needless to say, I tipped him very well for his honesty and awesome work.  I just wish there were more saints like Tim.  I'm pretty sure he's going to Heaven to hang with Jesus.
5	Tim is really a very friendly and honest guy. He will tell you what you need or what can wait. This place is worth going to! It will save you tons of money!
5	Here is a weird review. They didn't fix my car, but it is the best place I have been for car repairs in a long time. I have a Toyota Land Cruiser that has a brake system issue, and Tim looked at it for 2 days and determined that I would be better off taking it to an independent Toyota Expert since he was not the most familiar with the ever so expensive Toyota brake system on my vehicle. He did charge up my batter for me, but never charged me a dime. Why can't they all be this honest!!
5	Tim and TMK is the best car repair shop I've ever heard about or gone to. I actually called Tim before I even had a car to take to him. I simply called up and asked him what he thought about a car I was thinking of buying. Most shops would have told me to just bring it in and have them check it out for $50 or whatever but Tim just talked to me and told me what he thought... and all this without me even being a customer. This sold me on TMK almost alone.Everyone always fears mechanics because they can be dishonest and totally rip you off. But, I've never felt like that. In fact, I feel more like Tim is my neighbor and he just happened to walk over and help me fix my car.If TMK doesn't know how to do it or knows someone that can do it cheaper... they will tell you. I don't know if they have the same policy but I think if you bring your vehicle in and ask them to "take a look" then they will just do that - they will check it out and tell you what is wrong and not charge you (versus "diagnosing the problem" or "fixing the problem... which will cost you). I've never heard of such a thing but this just makes me love TMK even more.Are they the cheapest? Not on most things. However, I am confident that they will do it right and they will tell me the truth about what my options are. I've never questioned their word and would never think of taking my car anywhere else unless Tim directly refers me to them.
5	Happened upon TMK due to my anger with another mechanic... drove home from the other place on a Saturday (after most places were closed) and emailed a few other mechanics. Whichever one called first on Monday would get my business. Noticed TMK has rave reviews on here, and a friend sent me their info in a text stating they service her car and she loves them. Now I wished I'd only emailed them... flash forward to Monday. One place calls to let me know they don't service Honda's, and that's it. Hmmm.... call TMK on my way to work and ask if they work on Honda's (maybe that's why they didn't call). The guy that answered was super short, said they do and asked if I had emailed them because they had me on the books for the day. I tell him I called because no one had called in response to my email and he stated maybe they got busy. NOT a good start, but I need a 2nd opinion on my car and they already had me on the books...I tell him I need a compressor and he states not necessarily, maybe I just need coolant, he'll evaluate the car and let me know. OK, I'm certainly no mechanic, I just know AC is necessary in AZ and I don't want to go even a day without it (plus, I just had coolant added and my cool air went to hot instead). I drop my car off on the way to work and the lady who checked my car in was super nice, I felt better from the start. I get to work and check my email, and feel 100% better. Instead of calling, they replied to my email as soon as they opened that morning they would be happy to see my car Monday and would get to the bottom of my AC issue. Mystery solved on why I didn't hear from them.  VERY long story short (see my other review for the longer version)- the previous mechanic who had my car added coolant, then sent my car home with a bigger problem than when I brought it in- blowing hot air and the compressor fighting to turn on and off repeatedly. He told me I needed a new compressor and he would do it for $1200. TMK calls to tell me the only issue wrong with my car is too much coolant was added which would trigger my compressor to act up.  There was no leak, no compressor issue, nothing. They fixed the coolant and my car was perfectly fine. The other place would have put a new compressor kit in my car for $1200 without a 2nd thought. I was ready and willing to pay TMK to do the same just so I would have AC and so the other mechanic wouldn't have my business. TMK charged me $85 to fix the issue and saved me over $1100. TMK was friendly and honest and will have my business, as well as my husbands, from here on out.
3	TMK Automotive seemed like with the reviews I've seen on Yelp that they would be an honest mechanic, and Tim is very honest.  He will tell you exactly what he thinks, and will be extremely up-front with you in regard to what he believes is wrong with your vehicle.My car busted a few hoses and wouldn't retain coolant, so I had to get my vehicle towed to the closest shop.  Of course, to avoid per mile charges with towing -- I looked for the closest place with good reviews in Gilbert, and I decided on them.  When Tim called me to tell me the price he wasn't exactly sure how much labor they'd need to do and mentioned that they may need to take out the starter to get to the hoses and gave me a price range.  When I go to pick up the car, I'm confused because the $15 part that was replaced turned out to be a whopping total of $355, which includes the cost of towing the vehicle to their shop.  I'm new to the valley from Michigan, and was used to a $35/hr shop rate from my normal mechanic, so needless to say I was slightly peeved when I found out it was much more than that in Arizona.Tim's an honest guy.  He will tell you in detail everything you need to know about the choices you make in regard to your vehicle.  After all their motto is, "We Advise, You Decide."  They are very good at advising you what to do, but I definitely was a little bit taken aback by Arizona per hour labor costs.   Compared to the averages, TMK is slightly on the high end, but at least you know exactly what's going on, as opposed to some shops that BS you and give you the runaround.  Even after the fact, when I needed more repairs done in the long run, Tim advised me to get a certain problem fixed first before I worried about a less pressing one..  He took time out of his day to call me and tell me that.  Most mechanics won't do that.
5	Very honest shop.Hard to find good people these days. Tim gave me a good estimate and also called me to make sure if i am ok with the price. He also suggested me I don not need to change plugs right now as they have another 5k on them. He is not in hurry to sell you any of their package. They are my shop from here on. Thank you TMK!!!!
3	Yes, this is a fair, and honest shop, but only 4 stars because I have had a hard time getting them to call me back when I need a repair done.  The 3rd time I used the shop, I had to call back after two days of waiting for a quote over the phone.  It turned out the repair was only a few dollars less than the Toyota dealer.  The 4th and final time I called, I never got a call back.  It is too bad, because I drove pretty far to drop off my cars to them and paid cash, not to mention all of the referrals I used to give.  So, yes, they are fair but I guess you gotta go in person.  Sorry guys, no more business from me :(
5	I had bought a used van from a long time family friend. I live in AZ but bought it from them in NM. Half way back to AZ the check engine light came on. Fearing the worst I looked on Yelp for an honest mechanic. Yelp did not lead me astray. I dropped the van off Tuesday night, after hours with a note explaining the situation and saying I was hoping it would pass emissions so I could register it in AZ. I spoke to Tim late on Wednesday and he told me it was a throttle position sensor and he would have it replaced that evening but wanted to make sure it would pass emissions and have it ready for me on Thursday by Noon. We had a situation come up where I needed to take the kids to daycare by 10am and needed the van to do so. I called Tim at 8am and asked if there was anyway he could have it ready by 10 instead of noon. He said he would see what he could do. At 9:30 he called me and said his guy was on his way back from the emissions testing location and the van passed and it's ready to go anytime. WOW I had no idea that he was going to take it himself to the emissions center. Talk about a double relief not only did I not have to worry about it passing but I didn't have to even go myself at all! Tim added on the emissions testing cost to the bill but added NOTHING to the price he quoted me the day before. I will definitely be bringing back any issues I have with my vehicles and recommending him to my friends.
5	Tim is knowledgeable and so honest.  I highly recommend TMK.
