5	Will the person buying all the special release Stone Beers like Vertical Epic allow others to buy too? Share amongst your fellow beer consumers, and help make this earth a happier and peaceful place...........
4	Once in a double blue moon, Feelings of a liquor binge creep under my skin. Therefore, Lee's discount liquor store is conveniently located in my neighborhood where I can just slip on my uggs over my pajamas and buy a cartful of liquor. However, go on a Saturday night where they serve free sample shot of courvoisier, then you may not need a cart full of liquor after all!
4	For being an "express" store, they sure due pack a lot of booze into one small building! I've yet to come here and NOT find what I need for those quick, we need  _______ and ________ and ________ PRONTO! moments.This is kind of hidden back behind the Vons/Buffalo Wild Wings complex, but there is plenty of parking, never a line and helpful employees.
4	Sure it's not the biggest Lee's.  And yea it's no the best Lee's.  But for what it is...damn is it good!  It's right up the street from me, making it very convenient.  And for being such a small, express store, they really do offer a lot of liquid heaven in here!  It's quick and easy to park, find your booze, check out, and go on your way.  The staff is very nice and helpful too.  And almost every time I go in here there seems to be some promotion dishing out free shots of whatever brand they're promoting.  Hmm...would I like some free shots.....hell yea!
2	This review is based on this Lee's vs. All the others and against other liquor stores in town.Obviously, since it's Lee's the prices are great and there is a good variety, but that's all i'm giving it credit for.I have read others claiming this is an "express store." This may be true...But it's not advertised as such, and therefore I went expecting a standard Lee's experience. I have gone back several times but they are consistently out of my staples. There is usually at least one knowledgeable person at each location but the employees here, while very polite, are never short on blank stares when I ask about anything, which is inevitably followed by a scavenger hunt.Basically...get a new sign that says Lee's Discount Express, and I'll bump it up to 3 stars.
5	The staff at this Lee's are some of the better I have dealt with.  I have also heard they are expanding to the building next door so it will be a huge lees
3	Not as big as some of the ones in town, but it's close and you can't beat the prices. It seems like their selection is ht and miss because a lot of the time I have to go with something different as they don't have what I am looking for (Absolute/Sky)
4	This Lee's is awesome! Yes, it's on the smaller side, but I've always walked out with what I was there to buy.  The workers there are very helpful; they sure know their liquor. One night, as they were closing, they let me in to make a quick purchase.  That's a plus in this wino's book.
3	Good prices, convenient and great location for us. They could definitely use some new employees who are a bit friendlier and act like they care. Customer service is mediocre at best.
4	Lee's Discount Liquor. Ahhh! What a horrible way to enable alcoholics. They have a pretty hefty selection of stuff and even carried one of my favorite fruity Chimay beers. The sales were pretty good too and I got a very large bottle of peppermint schnapps for cheap. I love the taste of mouthwash with a kick. My mom was looking for sake and they had a pretty good selection even though it was limited. The workers are pretty helpful and we were in and out of the store pretty quickly.  Nice option when you are looking for all kinds of alcohol.
5	I can always find what I need, the staff is helpful and it is close! It is advertised as a "quick & easy" store so it is limited. Guess some feel that is different then an "express store" but I found it to be a great find for the area. Awesome sales!
5	Cheap alcohol and that's all I have to say..:P
4	It's not one of the largest lees in town but its convenient to the area I live in. Decent selection of scotch it could be better but it will do.
4	I used to go here a lot when i lived in the area a few years back. The concept of a discounted liquor store with a points reward system was friggin awesome to me and they had a pretty wide selection of booze or so i thought at the time.These days Total Wine is my go to spot for mostly everything. Suddenly i find myself back in this general area and lazyness steps in and wow...Total Wine is just sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo far. So what happens now? Well time to stop by the old stomping grounds.This Lee's isnt exactly the largest but they'll do the job in a pinch. They've seriously beefed up their inventory since i've last been here and i'm even super surprised to admit that they had one or two things that i didnt see at Total Wine (possibly because it was out of stock). So pretty much to wrap things up: - Close to where i live- Diversified their beer selection- lots of hard liquors as usual- Points!Stay thirsty people!Yelp 100 - 009 of 100
4	Good staff here, always willing to help and knowledgable about most products. The size of the store is perfect for a quick trip and wide selection. There are 2 larger sized Lee's in the area if you need more options.
3	As the name suggests, "Quick n Easy" ! It is a MUCH smaller store than most Lee's but for most, you'll find what you need. They have sufficient stock of most hard liquors and mixers as well as beers. Wine selection is very minimal. Good place for a quick stop or last minute pick up.
3	Lee's is great for their convenience: there are numerous locations throughout the valley and they stock most things you would need for a party.  Unless you're hunting for a something special, this location should have you covered.  It's a small shop, the size of a convenience store, but is well stocked.  The biggest downside is that they don't necessarily have the best prices, at least for whiskey.  I've seen bottles here go for $5 - $20 higher than at other stores, which is no bueno; that's a huge swing in price.  If you're just looking for mixers or basic liquors though, this spot will hav eyou covered.
5	One of the cleanest Lee's Discount Liquor I've been in. They have a good selection on alcohol and funny little knick knacks. I think what really sticks out at this place (which made my rating go from a 4 to a 5 star rating) is the fact that there's SAMPLE SHOTS.You read correctly.. SAMPLE SHOTS. I'm not sure on how often they do it, but they'll have the alcohol bottle held up front in an iced bowl and that's the sample shot of the day. I believe other days they'll have a couple lined up. My friend actually took a sample shot of everything they had available.I also love this place because it's literally walking distance from my house.
4	Convenient, small but well stocked liquor store. Employees are always pleasant and will answer any questions. They may even let you have a sample if you are interested in something particular. The prices are alright. You may find it cheaper elsewhere but sometimes convenience trumps paying a couple dollars extra.
5	Love this location! have done a lot of Business with lee's over the years and they deliver on what they say with great selection /prices. was shopping at Glazier's which is a great place but Lee's has 30% savings on the same Bottle of absolut vodka $28.99 vs. $38.99 for 1.75 bottle. that's ridiculous difference! anyway the reason I like this location is the people. so friendly and helpful beyond what you would expect for the type of bisiness they are.
5	This is by far the best Lees store ! We live in a sometimes cold and unfriendly city where customer service is forgotten . NOT HERE ! Everyone is friendly. The store manager is extremely helpful.  We always get to sample new things . She is always such fun and brings all the customers together . It's like you're at a party . So hospitable and helpful . With suggestions for special occasions . I just love coming to this store ! I've been in a few if the others and they always seem so exhausted and not very friendly . This is a smaller neighborhood store so maybe that's why . But I have to say this is the best experience. I won't even buy wine in the grocery store anymore , I come to Lees after grocery shopping because it is just that special .
5	Melinda, the store manager is amazing and so knowledgeable. She not only can always help you find the perfect item for a good dinner, gathering or any other type of special event. She will also order anything you need that is not currently in the store. She's amazing.
