4	This location is a combo Toys R us/Babies R Us. The left-hand side of the store is the Babies R Us.This opened I believe early in the spring of 2012.We registered here for our baby shower but found it was lacking a bit in selection, so we were able to finish up at the larger Mayo Blvd location. This babies R us doesn't have the little gift wrap section where you can choose their complimentary wrap by the way.Toys R us side is great..nice selection, neat and tidy. For the moms, there is a changing table in the womens rest room, as well as a nice mothers nursing room with a sofa and changing table, stocked with wipes and disposable covers. Hooray!
5	Looking for pak and play for a baby shower I was going to.  Staff was helpful and I found what I needed.
5	Have done Black Friday shopping here the last two years, both great experiences although last year staff was more knowledgable the this year :) store was clean and organized and has brought me back for all my toy needs :)
1	Terrible service. Clueless at the baby registry counter and rude manager, Mike that smokes cigarets out front of the store.  Wish I could give them 0 stars. Pretty sure they ordered the wrong chair and then lied to me and never put it on my registry like I asked. I'm going to another location to try and figure out the mess this dumb place got me into.. Too much stress for being 7 months pregnant. :(
4	Things to know when shopping here for baby:Because it is not a full sized Babies R Us, certain items may not be available, or not in stock.  (If you need variety, I highly recommend the Mayo Blvd. location)For instance, this location carried absolutely no newborn diapers in the large count boxes (i.e. about 144 diapers), regardless of brand.  However, the staff as well as the very helpful store manager Mike double checked their stock and even offered a discount on my total purchase since I was unable to get what I needed - or to use this fabulous coupon I had.  Mike did explain that because this is a smaller Babies Store, they won't carry everything the larger ones do.  He was very forthcoming and made sure to tell me that he would do everything he could to make sure I left the store happy that day.  As for things to know specifically about the Babies R Us/Toys R Us brand...You will pay more for just about everything here, but not if you sign up for their free Rewards program, which not only earns you points towards $5-$10  off purchases, but you also get coupons and notifications about their in store sales and specials.  When you are a new parent, saving money on baby items does become a priority.  For example, I saved $35 the other day because I purchased baby bottles that were on sale for 50% off, diapers with a $10 off coupon, and cleaning products and breastfeeding items at buy one, get one 50% off.  When the average trip to the baby supply store costs me about $100, shopping when there are specials and incentives does go a long way.Why shop at Babies R Us?One product they carry that nobody else does (not Target, not your local grocery store, not Trader Joes'...etc...) Babyganics.  I swear by their cleaning and baby skin care products.  From all purpose cleaner to hand wash to baby body wash, their line of products is the best thing for you and baby.  Their products are non allergenic, alcohol free, fragrance free (but even those smell clean!!), artificial fragrance or dye free, no parabens sulfates phthalates or triclosans.  Whereas your local Walmart or Target may carry a couple brands of breastfeeding supplies, Babies R us gives you a dozen choices where other stores give you two.   It goes for virtually anything baby related - I love the choices and the variety, which cater to every shopper and taste.
