5	RORO photobooth was a huge hit at my nephew's birthday party! The set-up was really nice and Rowena was very friendly and professional. Our guests really got into it, loved it and had so much fun... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
5	Jonas & Weng were extremely professional.  The respond to emails and phone calls really fast. Absolutely GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE. Prices are really reasonable compared to other vendors.  They were not only ON TIME at our event, they were great at making the atmosphere really fun!  I seriously could not stop laughing...I now have a permanent smile on my face and a professional athlete rockstar abs from laughing so hard. We don't usually venture out to Vegas that much, but they made the experience memorable for everyone.Would definitely use RORO Photobooth again and again for their services and recommend them to everyone.You won't be disappointed!
1	I was extremely unsatisfied with my experience with Roro Photobooth at a bachelorette party.  First, their team showed up to the wrong event site.  They went to the billing address rather than the event site, despite an email with written confirmation in red acknowledging the delivery address.  Based on that error, the company was a half an hour late to my event.  Per my receipt, the photo booth was suppose to open at 7:00pm.  It did not open until 7:30pm. Additionally, one of their male employees pulled me aside and rudely asked me to stop playing the games at my party so that my guests would take pictures.  I explained to him that if he were at the correct delivery address and set up on time, he would be having pictures to print in that moment (Considering the printing is the slowest of any photo booth I have seen taking up to 45 seconds per picture).  Their team was unprofessional and quite unfriendly for the type of service they are providing.  They never even explained to my guests the nature of how the photo booth works.  I was very disappointed with the team. I asked the company to please stay and extra half hour since they were a half hour late, and they refused.  Instead they began cleaning up 20 minutes early. Another disappointing aspect were the accessories. One of my guests put on a hat that had old food crusted to it from a previous event.  It was unsanitary and gross.I paid $50.00 for a scrapbook a double prints of all photos for the bride.  This service was never provided.  Also I was suppose to receive a DVD of the event prints and images, and Facebook upload of prints. Neither of these services were provided.
5	Roro photoboth was a great addition to our party. They are so professional, the photoboth craz was new to me and they gave me so much information and made me feel so comfortable that I was excite and couldn't wait for the party. They arrived early and the fun began, we had so much fun the party was over two weeks ago and my friends are still talking about it and looking at the pictures. Thanks Roro Photobooth
5	Thank you for coming out to the Foodie Fest and taking awesome pictures of our food and truck! Jonas and Rowena are very friendly and have extremely fast customer service. All emails and texts were responded to very promptly. Price was as good as it gets and I definitely will be using there service again when I come back into town. Highly recommend to any people out here looking for great photo services!
1	The comment that the company provided on my previous review  was left over a year AFTER this situation. This should demonstrate the promptness of this company. I received a $50 refund for the scrap book I did not receive, which was less than half of my total bill.
5	Jonas and his team are an awesome bunch!My fiancee and I were very pleased with how our engagement pictures came out. We have received lots of compliments on the quality of the shots, and definitely would recommend them. Jonas is very reliable, prompt with communication, and is definitely creative. So relieved to find a company that puts the effort into making their customers happy! One less wedding stress...because its been excellent working with ColoredRoom so far!
5	If you're looking to take your party up a notch, RoRobooths is officially certified in Notch Up-Taking.*Having worked with many photobooths on many different occasions, I can easily say that RoRobooths is one of my favorite companies to work with. They are organized and efficient, friendly and accommodating, and their props are consistently better than their competitors. The printed shots are always flattering and they'll provide you with the actual files for your use as well.Any party becomes more memorable with a photobooth, and you can't do much better than RoRobooth.
5	My fiance and I are not the greatest photo subjects. We're awkward, and I'm not photogenic (the fiance at least looks good). Last minute we decided to go with engagement shoots after talking with Jonas. We couldn't be any happier with how the photos turned out! Jonas is super personable/friendly and helped to put us at ease. We're very happy we went with ColorROOM and are excited to see how our pictures turn out for the wedding.
