4	Me and my wife went in here today.  After looking on their website and prices and reading reviews on the net it seemed like a good place.  The store isn't bad though it is a little small.  They didn't have everything in stock that was on their website.  They have some good values on sofa's and sectionals.  Also their leather sofas are really nice but a little out of my cheap price range.Me and my wife actually found something that we both liked.  It was a sofa/love seat set, both with recliners.  and the love seat also rocked.  The  material was that fake leather stuff and looks nice and should clean up well since we have a baby.  They were marked at 619 each so after tax and delivery it would have been around 1434.42.  The love seat had a little bump in it from a repair so the sales guy knocked 100 of that and  20 of both of them for being the floor models.  We ended up paying 1280 for the set after tax and deliversy.  I tired to talk the sales guy into 1250 cash but he wasn't having it.  sales people aren't pushy but there when you need them.  There is an upstairs with no elevator and even with a wheelchair you wouldn't be able to navigate through downstairs very easy do to furniture close together.  We had a stroller and I put  it back in the car.We live in downtown phoenix and the cost of delivery was 85 which seemed kind of high but what can you do I guess.   Made the total price a little higher then I wanted.Bought on Saturday and scheduled for delivery on Tuesday.
2	Beware of Stress-O-Pedic mattresses!  Furniture Plus has great prices on mattresses...or so I thought.  2 years ago I bought a queen SOP Posture Correct mattress because it was so comfortable in the store.  They delivered it and set it up...wonderful.  One problem.  This thing had such a strong odor I had to take it outside and let it air out for almost a year!  Stress O Pedic uses poly urethane foam which has some horrible properties.  Number one...toxic fumes.  Two...highly flammable.  Three..they hose the mattresses down at the factory with flame retardant chemicals that are known carcinogens.  I tried to return the mattress but got screamed at by the sales person over the phone.  So dont expect there to be any warranty.  I had to use a plastic mattress protector to keep the fumes from killing me.  We need to wake up and check what our mattresses are made of.  Many of our pains and health problems come from sleeping on a toxic mattress.  Buyer beware.
5	Went in to look for new couch and was impressed by friendly staff and good selection. I hate shopping and sleazy sales people, I didn't have that problem here. They let me look around without pressure, and answered all my questions. I ended up getting a sectional at a great price and it was ready when they said it would be. I would recommend this place to friends and family. Thanks for being honest and easy to deal with!
5	Awesome prices. Delivery included setup so that was a plus since we got an entire bedroom set. Would shop here again.
5	Excellent prices! VERY friendly staff!! Wonderful experience.I would recommed this store to anyone looking for a living room set OR bedroom set!!!I went there with my daughter for a second opinion on the sofa piece she was looking at purchasing.My biggest plus about this establishment besides the reasonable pricing was that it was nice to have someone accessible for questions, but not following you around the entire store while you looked at their inventory. It was very clean inside and there was a large selection of furniture as well as mirrors and accessories along with bed frames and mattresses. We also purchased a bed frame -which was the cheapest we found around town(even checked online)!We worked with Chad and he was especially helpful with reasonable prices. Which was extremely appreciated :)
2	Don't get sucked into purchasing an extended warranty, they won't honor it.  The sofa and loveseat I bought aren't even 3 years old and the seat is broken on the loveseat, and in addition you have to pull out the cushion and shove it all the way back in to sit down .... EVERY TIME you sit down, it will NOT stay.  The "pleather" is all scratched up too.  They are Ashley pieces, they were pretty when new, but are awful.  Total waste of money.
4	Chad, the owner of Furniture Plus offered to refund the cost of the extended warranty I purchased.  I received the refund check quickly.  I appreciate him responding with an act of good faith and integrity.
5	I love these guys! I am a return customer for sure. They have a great selection & can custom order almost any fabric, style, color that you could ever dream of. And they have a plethora of financing options for those that can't drop a couple grand on a new sectional.
5	FANTASTIC STORE!!!When I first went to that store I was pretty impressed because it is a lot bigger than it seems from the outside.  Still the selection on the floor isn't as good as some of the other guys but the best part is they can order anything.  So just go to any store pick out what you want and go over the Furniture Plus and talk to Chad or Aaron and they'll save you probably $100 or so on your purchase.  We had that experience when we purchased our first couch/love seat set not long after we were married and we went back there last week when it was time for a new set and we had the same experience.  Definitely give them a try!
2	I purchased carpeting for my nursery from furniture plus. I walked into the store and loved it, it was like a little ma and pa shop and i always like doing business with the underdogs. I worked with a man named CJ, who at the time was very helpful and made me want to do business with him. I left there after receiving a reasonable quote and went to home depot to see what they could do. They price matched me, i went home, thought about it and decided i would rather do business with the smaller company who had offered to install it the very next day    I called cj back and paid down the deposit of half the amount due. He then told me he was unable to come the next day due to another job. Well we decided the following wed would work. So i made sure we were home wed bc they were coming between 8-10 am. No call, no nothing. Finally at 11, i called store and they said he was out at another job and he would call me. Finally he got a hold of us and he said the carpet wasnt even in arizona like he sold it to me thinking it was. So we rescheduled for friday between 8-10. Again, no call, no nothing. I once again contacted store and to my surprise, he was at lunch and i spoke with his very polite mother. He returned my call and said, oh it wasnt on the truck again. Lets shoot for the next wed. I will know by tues night for sure if load comes in. Another lovely wed comes and goes and he actually calls me to tell me the carpets not here. Finally the next week, 2 hispanic gentleman show up at my door and say "carpet install?" after i received no forewarning that the carpet was actually here. The workers were very efficient and did a good job, as for cj's customer service, if u are not spending a lot of money, dont expect good communication. But i will say he will be sure to follow up on making certain he gets paid!   I hope on the furniture end, their customer service is a lot better than his was. From a disappointed mommy to be
