1	This was a very poor experience for me.  They were over three hours late and the price went up once the owner and his helper showed up.  I stayed in the room to make sure all parts were there and unbroken and I went to unpack in another room.  The owner used glue the felt down, but he over sprayed and got glue on the floor and pool table.  He did tell me to use goo gone to remove it, but why not put a tarp down.  He then left with my Q-ball and when I asked him for it denied having it.  I asked to go through his tools and found it.  After they left I realized they had split the side rail and because he works in cash only I was out of luck...Steve
1	Daniel Marquez owner of Rack um up billiards was to come and recover and install new bumpers on my table.  He was 2 hrs. late and showed up at 7 pm and said it would take him 2 hrs. to finish, did not get done till 11:30.  Table was done very poorly.  Slats were broken on bumpers and then pounded in place, wood splinters and staples left under felt, pocket came off and a stain appeared on the cloth the next morning.  No wax was placed between slates.  Was told that if I find any other problems, after I found a staple and he remove it, he would be back because he stood behind his work.  After he left, it took me 30 min. to clean up the mess he left along with razor blades laying on floor. Of course he only takes cash.  The next day I called him concerning the staple and splinters under the cloth and for 4 days he either ignored my calls and when I did get a hold of him there was always a reason he had not come and fixed what he should have done right the first time.  Do yourself a favorite and don't let this guy in your house.  I have had to call Gary at Arizona Billiards to finish what I paid for with Rack Um Up Billiards.
5	WOW!!!! The pride " Rack Em up"put into putting together our pool table was amazing!!! As a former bar owner I would not just let anyone put together my pool table. They were referred by an associate   Very professional!! Daniel the owner and his partner Kevin did not leave until everything was cleaned up and to my satisfaction. I am very satisfied and would recommend this company to ANY of my associates ( which I already have) Thanks guys for a job well done!!!!!
5	Daniel is a perfect example of a professional.  It is not very often you come across a professional that takes such pride in his work.  He is very friendly and personable.When I made my first initial contact with Daniel, he says he treats every pool table as if it were his own.  That left me a good impression that this guy does not mess around and he is very confident on the kind of work he specializes in.He is very informative and explains every little detail on uninstalling, installing and maintaining your pool table.  I bought a used pool table from a friend and called up Rack Em Up Billiards and Daniel and his partner Kevin came out the same day.Daniel showed up on time and got all his tools ready to disassemble the table for transport and to re-assemble at my house.  His quality of work is remarkable.  He takes his time to make sure everything is done right.Daniel totally delivered on his service.  He has done an excellent job refelting the table, replacing the rubber, and releveling the table.   I would like to express my experience and would like to share that with others.  If you need a company that you need to move a pool table Rack Em Up builders are your guys!!If you do not know what you are doing, please, please, please, do not attempt to move a pool table on your own.  Leave that task to the experts.  There might be a risk that you may damage your pool table in the process and may cost you a fortune to have it repaired.   I highly suggest that you call Rack Em Up Billiards It's worth every penny for the type of service they provide.
5	I am totally new to the whole pool table world, Daniel helped me out big time with getting my table moved over to my house and bumpers replaced. He also gave me insight into care for the table. A true professional. Thanks again Daniel!
5	Great guys to work with! They disassembled my pool table on fairly short notice, took it away and stored it for a week while I was between houses then brought it to my new house the same day I called to let them know the I was ready for installation. I'll be calling them again the next time I need it moved.
5	Great job! Daniel and his assistant hooked it up! They moved my pool table to my new house and put in new bumpers and new felt. Great recommendation on the black felt! Looks amazing in our pool table room! Very competitive with pricing. I got quotes for 5 different pool table moving companies and Rack Em Up Billards beat them all! Very competitive pricing and great service. Will definitely call these guys again when I move.
1	They moved my table and redid the felt. The felt split two days later (see photo). They list or stole my balls, worth $140, and my leather take cover, worth at least $300. Filed police report and Rack Em Up is now being investigated by the Phoenix PD.
