5	Great service! Very nice selection. My husband neeeded an eye exam. Instead of a chain or someplace in the mall, he made an appointment here. We were greeted as soon as we walked in. We had our two- year old with us. No one flinched when they saw a young  child. Everyone greeted him too. Our eye exams were quick and painless. No one pushed extra tests on us. No one tried to press us for other eye exam options. No one held us hostage while we waited for our prescriptions to be ready.  We were helped pick out new glasses. I say helped. Not hovered over. We choose some awesome new glasses. My husband is going to look so good in his new glasses made of wood! We will not be going back to anywhere else for glasses. The service here just can not be beat. Thank you!
5	I would highly recommend this place to anyone.  Jim is a bona-fide good guy who stands behind his products and will do anything for you.  He is honest, and won't try to sell you something just to make a quick buck.  He and/or Ken will tell you if you look good in the frames you are trying on, not just tell you that you do in order to move the product.  J Crimi has a customer for life.
5	J Crimi Eyewear Boutique is the only place I will shop for glasses/sunglasses. The service there is amazing. It is how it should be everywhere! Mr. Crimi is honest in helping you the perfect pair for your face! I get so many compliments on my glasses everytime!There is never any pressure to purchase an expensive pair. Very down to earth!-Chrissy T
5	The customer service and personal care you get from this shop can't be found in any chain store. They have an awesome and wide selection of frames. Great shop, I will continue coming back here!
5	I stepped on my glasses last night after an already mentally and physically taxing day. Devastating Of course. I had never sought out eyeglass repair and wasn't even sure if my less than 6 months old glasses were salvageable I wouldn't have even tried if I didn't spend so much on them. I tried Googling around and that was pretty scary. In conversation with a coworker I was given rave reviews for J Crimi Eyewear Boutique. Well, J Crimi hooked it up! I am so thrilled with the whole experience. It was exact opposite of the bullsh*t hassle I was expecting based on all the previous experiences with large chains. Looking around he's got tons of cool frames and great deals. Def going back, telling friends...Cried actual tears of joy that this type of help exsists. This is the spot.
5	I absolutely love this establishment!!I have been getting my glasses from J Crimisince for the last few years.J Crimi has the latest frames and Jimmy is always eager to help accommodate you to find the perfect frame for your face!!Or do you have a frame you love and can't find?? Just ask Jimmy and he will find them for you. He is the king of customer service. He rocks!!' It is worth the drive to go and check out the store!! You won't be disappointed!!!We need to support our local small businesses!!!!!!!!!
5	Excellent Service!I stopped in because they were advertising free eye glass repair.  I did not have the eye glasses but a loupe that needed a tiny size screw and I thought they may be able to help.  Surely enough, he found the exact size it needed and fixed it immediately even holding his calls.  What a nice guy!  Anyway, to top it all, FREE OF CHARGE although it is NOT an eye glass.   I will surely go back if I ever need any help with eyeware.
5	My wife and I live in the area and have been purchasing our glasses from Jim since he opened the store. The service is excellent and always delivered pleasantly. HIs fees are quite good and the selection of frames and their quality is outstanding. Never any pressure and everyone their is courteous and friendly.
5	Wonderful experience. Both my husband and I have purchased our glasses from J. He is knowledgeable, helpful and very friendly. J doesn't steer you to the high priced glasses, he helps you find what looks best in the price range you are comfortable in.  You will experience small town service with big city selection and quality.
5	A doctor's office that runs like a business..what a concept! I had heard about this place and assumed it was expensive and way too "sheshe", but worth it if I could find a place that carried a decent selection of frames to choose from. I dragged my husband along who was looking to get some prescription lenses in his exisiting Oakleys.As soon as we walked in we were both impressed! The frame selection made me feel like a kid in a candy store (the prices weren't shocking, but I don't recall any specifics), the prices were comparable to other eye doctors ($75 for an appointment), the staff was knowledgeable, friendly, and my husband was able to get his glasses done! Even when my husband's glasses came back with the wrong lenses, they were great in accommodating us. This was an overall great experience, and insurance or not, I look forward to going back when I need new glasses. I have already passed the word onto friends and family!
5	Talk about incredible good hearted customer service. Here is where you can find it. J has it all. From helping me once five years ago to yesterday when I called in a panic because my glasses (basically my eyes) had fallen apart. He had my new glasses ready for me within hours!!! Seriously, no questions asked. He has thee best and most unique frames with amazing deals that will have you in love. And it doesn't help that he remembers you by name, after five years. Thanks again!! See you soon J!
5	This is THE place to get glasses. Mr. Crimi and Kenny are awesome. You get what you pay for and more. I received the best service here. This is where I will be getting my glasses from now on. Bought a pair of Caviar and another pair of Prada for my shades. I love my choices and they were so helpful in making sure that I found the right fit for my flat Asian face lol. I look beautiful. :-) Thank you Mr. Crimi and Kenny.
5	I've purchased a couple pair of glasses from J Crimi now. The first time I went in was because his location is across the street from where I work. But I've come back because of the service. The owner completely stands behind his products. I had an issue with the lenses on a pair of sunglasses and the manufacturer was being very difficult in resolving the issue but he was persistent and got the issue 100% resolved. And he kept me informed every step of the way. I'm super satisfied!
5	BEST SERVICE EVER!!! Owner and staff were so friendly and helpful.  Awesome selection.  I felt so comfortable browsing around without the salesman pressure but knowing someone was there to help me at any time.  The store has a great fun, feel good atmosphere.  I got a great deal on great glasses and I am sooooo happy.  I will go here any and every time I need glasses.  Thank you so much!!!
5	My go to sunglass store for years. The best customer service I've encountered. Always a pleasure shopping here!
