5	Excellent food.
2	I agree with Fiona, this place is a little too swanky for this part of town.The decor of the place is a little basic, but they claim it's styish all over the website. The food is alright, nothing fancier than you can pick up in the tesco finest range. It leaves alot to be desired.If your mum opened a trendy resturant, this is what it would be like.
3	The food is very good, but I found their menu to be a little bit pretentious -- hasn't Gordon Ramsay shouted at enough people for putting random fruit into savoury dishes? Portions a smidgen on the small side too, though desserts were excellent. Probably wouldn't go again, but nor would I advise against it: try it and see if it's your style.
4	Feeling puzzled.  The place was recommended and I think I'm going to try regardless of the couple of reviews (Stuart and Fiona) that have misspellings and an illogical statement (Fiona).  Wish me luck : )
4	I thought the food on offer at Blonde was smart and flavour-packed, with a nicely balanced menu featuring a good range of local produce. I went in the evening and boy was it dark! Seriously, the "mood lighting" was so dim that people were struggling to read the menu, and it did impair the appreciation of some of the presentational touches that been applied to the dishes. It made me think that this would be the ideal dining venue for a "first date" with someone that you'd met in a dimly lit pub or club, taken something of a shine to, exchanged numbers, then arranged to meet when less sozzled. If you didn't happen to have perfect recall of what they looked like, but vaguely remembered their size and shape, this place could cut through any "cold light of day" embarrassments ;-)Overall, we said: "I did enjoy my visit to Blonde. The service was a real strength, and the food was quite impressive, without quite unifying in to overwhelmingly convincing dishes. The price tag was very reasonable for the fare on offer, though, so I'd happily go back, and take friends, as I'd be confident that the broad appeal that Blonde delivers would please many different tastes."
4	Great food, one of those places who stress on Quality and Quantity...
5	In town for a holiday and had a wonderful meal there. In fact, it was the best restaurant meal I have eaten. I am a vegan (vegetarian non-dairy) and started out thinking there would be nothing on the menu for me to eat. But the helpful wait staff contacted the chef, who pointed out what was vegan (but not marked as such on the menu) and also offered to modify some of the items so they would be vegan. Wow, wonderful! The vegetarian haggis was so tasty and served with delicious watercress. For the main entree I had a vegan version of filo dough leaves stuffed with roasted vegetables. So delicious and with a savory sauce. There was also a vegan dessert--apple sorbet in a brandy bucket and with poached fruit on the side. Yummy.Portions were generous for the sort of restaurant it is (and I am saying this as an American where portions are sometimes overly generous).The waiters were wonderfully helpful and attentive and the atmosphere low key--not a busy night since we went after the festivals had ended in August. If you are vegan or if you are not a vegan (this is everyone!) I highly recommend this restaurant!
