2	Since we were staying @ the Excalibur, we decided for the last night we were there, we'd watch "Defending the Caveman" since it was only downstairs.  We found 1/2 price tickets from the booths that are up and down the strip...so we paid ~$26 per person.It's showing at the same theater as "Thunder Down Under" so it's more of an intimate location.  The show was....just ok.  We thought it would be more of a comedy show about the battle of the two sexes.  He did have some parts that were hilarious, but other parts that were kinda slow.  The one good thing that I did appreciate was, all the proceeds from the pictures & tshirts they sold after his performance went to a Catholic charity.It was more of...."Eh, it was ok, but I wouldn't go again."
2	We saw the show on 10/23/2010.  It wasn't the "main guy"...maybe thatw as the problem?I would agree with the last post. I wasn't going to the ticket counter after the show demanding a refund, but I certainly wouldn't go again.We were expecting more laughs.  "Battle of the sexes" stand up comedy.  If this guy were sitting at our dinner table and said the same lines, I would have thought he was kind of funny.  But on stage in Vegas?  Sorry buddy, but the bar is a little higher than that.  Open mic night at the local pub?  Maybe.  Talent show back in high school?  Ok...  But I expected a better show.  My wife commented as we left..."Honey, you're funnier than that guy, maybe you should get a show in Vegas".  hmm.....   ;-)A large group left about 15 minutes into the show - but they were drunk and making loud comments, so I was glad to see them go.  Funny...I figured they were young, but as they walked out I could see them pass under a light and they were old farts!  One of the had been saying "You suck"  "This is horrible".  Jeez...I agree, but I was keeping those comments to myself.The other thing that struck me as funny is his use of the f-word.  TRUST ME...I wasn't offended.  I am the same guy who was trying to fit Andrew Dice Clay's show into our schedule.  But this guys use of curse words seemed so forced and out of character.  He was discussing sex in vauge, non-offensive terms, then blurts out the f-word.  Weird...  If you are going to curse, curse...  If he hadn't used that word a few times, the rest of the show would be PG.
5	Excellent show!!! I was nervous about this show because of the other yelp review and I gotta say. It is definitely worth the money. Also it really helps explain the communication problems that men and women face day to day!!! Must see in Vegas!
5	For the price it's a very entertaining show. He made some damn good points and I agreed with a lot of them. He's a funny funny man. Get a bucket of beer from the start to avoid getting up all through out the show. Basically, if your on a budget and want to see a show and laugh go to Defending the Caveman.
4	went to Vegas on a budget, and this caught our eye because of the half price tickets.  It was fun, truthful, and spot on at times.  I would recommend to the older crowd, 40 and up.......to appreciate the humor one has to have lived with the opposite sex for a while!!  Its definate for the married couple.
5	Relevant content presented in a very funny one man show?  I'm sold!This show originated Off-Broadway and I can definitely see why it came to Vegas.  The premise is pointing out the age old differences in male/female relationships in a hysterical, yet true, manner.It's a very clever show, that highlights the pros and cons of romantic relationships and will strike the funny bone of familiarity with all in the audience across generations.Definitely a chuckle generator.
5	This show is not only brilliantly funny, its exceptionally accurate in understanding relationships between men & women. I would see it again for sure. The theatre is campy & cool - its a perfectly simple setting for some powerfully funny and eye-opening points of view.
5	This show isn't just a bunch of jokes and observations about how men and women differ.  This show takes us from anthropoligical study to the lviing room we share with our mate, The instincts and habits of men and women are both mocked  and celebrated. Between the laughs are many insights and in the end, how can each sex not forgive the other?  Terrific show.  Well done.
5	caught show and really enjoyed. here is an explanation of why i gave it five stars, if i would have shelled out $200 for the tics it would have seriously missed the mark but for a modest priced afternoon show, it was 5 stars. it is basicly a monologue explaining the differences between men and women. cleaver and funny observations that almost everyone can relate to, thats what makes it funny because we find ourselves laughing at our own behavior. perhaps even a little insight into our significant other....even with drinks in the showroom it is much cheaper than the slots....good afternoon. showroom was comfortable and service was good. two thumbs up, see the show if you can.
5	I highly recommend Defending the Caveman to all couples ... Boyfriend's @ Girlfriends .. fiance's ... Husbands and wife's ... You'll will get an insite into the man's brain ... lol. Me and my fiance' laughed our asses off !
3	We found ourselves buying tickets to this show because we had a "2 for 1" coupon out of one of the las vegas magazines. so we got in for around 60$.It was ......hmmm.. I don't know. Some parts were funny...Some parts were super dragging. Some parts are so true; you will look at your space and say THAT'S YOU! & those parts are funny. If I would have paid full price, I probably woulndn't have been that impressed. There was an older crowd there, and being newlyweds in our 20's it was somewhat boring.
5	I don't know what I was expecting from this show.  But me and my six friends that went laughed so hard we almost made our drinks come out of our noses.  Then at the end, he started translating how what a man really means when he does things that brought tears to all of our eyes.  I actually think he helped my relationship with my husband.  I learned more about the men in my life in this comedy show then in 3 years of counseling.  The funny part was for the rest of our trip, I noticed that the 6 women were acting like his stereotype of women as gatherers.  It was funny cause it was true, and a little scary too!
4	I'll be VERY generous with the 4 stars because of how many times I looked at my beau to point out "hey, that's you!" or "haha! this is so true!" But if I was being realistic - it would only be 3.  I got the tickets free for being a part of the Las Vegas Elite Program (not to be mistaken for YELP Elite), so I can't really complain much.  Would I have felt that $40 per person was worth it if I had to pay- with just a LITTLE hesitance- YES.  But in the end, I have to admit it was pretty funny.  I truly do believe that there is lots of room for improvement.  One being the totally outdated video that plays in the very beginning, and the boring usage of props.  BUT seriously- to give the show and Rob Becker some credit- he is pretty funny, and he truly is knowledgeable of the dynamics within a relationship and the different "cultures" of man and woman.  There are a few things that we both took from the show in terms of our relationship, so it wasn't just about laughs.  There are very good points - most couples will definitely learn from it.
1	People keep saying they were laughing until tears came out?!? Huh??? Are they in the same show as me?!? Lol! I mean, some people laughed but I wouldn't even come close to calling it comedy (sorry to the speaker... That's okay though, cuz you are laughing all the way to the bank with my $55!) Anyways, it felt like I was back in college in my feminism class. My professor was funnier than this guy. And trust me, I'm no prude, in fact, the waitress came by and shhh'd me in the Improv Comedy show cuz I was laughing too much! If you get the ticket for FREE and u have nothing else to do with your time, go see this guy. If not, don't waste your money or time. I saw VINIE FAVORITO twice bc he ROCKED! George Wallace was AWESOME too! (He did a two hour show too!) The Improv was hilarious! Even Legends wasn't too bad. Caveman sucked though, and that's the only one I paid good money for. Booo! "DISSAPOINTMENT". Soneone tell the speaker to go Google some more jokes, please... Not too hard.
3	I thought this show was just ok. There were 6 of us and we all paid full price so it was hard to fell like you got your monies worth ($53 for 1 hr show).
3	Saw this at Harrah's. Got a locals discount so the price was good.  Probably wouldn't have liked it as much if I had paid full price.Very simple premise why are men different from women.  I liked the show and maybe my wife understands me better and I her.  The show was about an hour long.  But the actor was good. Interacted well with the audience.Could I recommend it, maybe. If you have seen everything else.
5	This show was way better than I expected.Show your local ID to get B1G1F tickets and a free shirt.
5	This show was hilarious. Saw it on vacation and none of us were disappointed. Hightly recommend.
3	I'm glad this show was relatively cheap, otherwise I'd have been offended by how short it was (1 hour) and by the fact that it was only mildly funny and entertaining.Before the show started, I looked around and saw a mostly older crowd and knew then that it wasn't going to be my type of humor (offensive, controversial, push-the-envelope type). Still, I always enter things with an open mind, and I was able to find aspects of the show that I enjoyed.The opening video is entertaining, albeit stereotypical (as is much of the show), and gives a good taste of what all the show will be: clueless male behavior, vain female behavior. This formula works at times, as some of his commentary is dead-on and widely applicable, while other times, the comedian reminded me that he was a middle-aged white guy and kind of out of touch with us younger folk.As other Yelpers have pointed out, there will be moments where you look at your significant other and say "That's EXACTLY you!" This is certainly crowd-pleasing, gives the show a universal appeal, and gets the crowd involved. Still, the show was chuckle-inducing rather than laugh-out-loud funny (and yes, I refuse to write LOL, even in texts, although I just did it here).Get your tix from the day-of booths, don't bother paying the VIP price and only go if you're like me and would rather spend money on food than the really expensive shows.
3	About 90 percent of what this guy said was pretty much right on. I got free tickets so I cant really complain. But when I found out tickets were going for about 45 bucks a pop, I would definitely not shell out that much money for about an hour long show. He was kinda funny but not 45 bucks a pop funny.
3	I enjoyed the show.  This is not the type of show to whereas you are going to fall out of your seat laughing at the comedian, but if you bring your spouse, you definitely will be able to relate to the show.  Some part of the show will touch some aspect of your life guaranteed.  Very well thought out monologue, and he did a great job delivering the material.  If you are looking to laugh out your socks, this is not the show to attend.  If you are looking to have a humorous person put a humorous spin on life and relationships, then definitely check this one out.
4	Enjoyed this show.  Loved the t-shirt!  Went with husband & found the material true to the differences between men & women.  Enjoyed the delivery & set.  Still can relate to "hunter/gather" stories.
2	Not very funny .He is a Nice guy but Not funny  hes better than Gordy Brown ..Gordy Brown a time share pitch im sure is better .....
5	Have seen this show 3 times now - and each time it's a little different. The one man show basically illustrates the differences between men & women with humor and passion. We always have attended with other couples and come out laughing til we cried. Don't miss it.
2	To be fair a lot of you MAY like this more than we did. Very comfortable small table seating (better than the Legends room) with "pretty" waitress service (that costs more than the competent Manbar at Legends, and bring CASH because WHEN you give your credit card to the pretty waitress, you may not remember this until her new Iphone is delivered), no bad seats LIKE Legends.Full disclosure I prefer shock comedy, and I missed the G rating on this show, and it doesn't HAVE to be shock comedy but I would have never believed you could have this caveman "discussion" at a Vegas show IN a casino without mentioning BREASTS once. It kind of reminded me of the tiresome "My Dinner with Andre" if you were dumb enough to go see that in a theater. I'm not saying that it was way boring, and we LIKED "The Caveman" (and his fun T-shirt group) but it wasn't that funny. MY cavegirl points out that If you have seen the ad piece of him drinking from a gallon milk container THAT is as funny as it gets. You WILL see that again on a short slide show at the beginning of the "performance" "discussion". We wanted to like this show. We have wanted to see this show for a long time and  expected to like this show. We did not like this show. We were disappointed, there were some people laughing around us but not that loudly. Beyond an occasional baited taunt trying to get some women to agree with a clever point REPEATED several times in the previous ten minutes, the temperature in our room never rose.  It was disappointing.We DID get TWO free t-shirts with our Harrah's VIP 2-for-1 coupon deal out of a street magazine, a much better deal than our Harrah's pick up window line neighbors who stood in the sun in the HalfPrice Tix line, paid MORE had WORSE seats and didn't get the TWO FREE T-shirts that do raise money for a charitable cause. BEWARE.
1	Really disliked this show, wanted to walk out about 20 mins in but stuck it out thinking something monumental  might happen. One of the most boring shows ever!!! This guy sits on a stage for about 90 mins talking bullshit about the life of men. Even my husband didn't like it. WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY! SO glad we only paid 1/2 price for this show.
4	"Me MAN, You WoMAN..."Any comedy that creatively illustrates some of the craziness that comes packaged in a normal - or absolutely abnormal - relationship...and then bashes it in by highlighting the quirks and crazy....is an immediate WIN in my books.Surrounded by other couples, with most somewhat older, we sure filled the atmosphere with shrieks of laughter as Rob's words turned on specific light bulbs in our heads. Yes, we are human...and we as humans in our relationships, definitely have some "crazy" going for us.Anyways, not to spoil anything, mixed drinks go for about $10...tiny tables of 4...and definitely a decent price for a good short night of laughs.
1	This show was torture. Pure torture. No part of it was funny and I was awkwardly seated in the second row, (in the stream of light) in chairs that were terribly uncomfortable. I was DYING. I kept shifting in my seat to prevent my butt from going numb. :( In all fairness, the guy seemed like a nice enough guy and I'm sure his talents could be put to better use, but this is just not my kind of humor. If you like "Everybody Loves Raymond", and those "men are idiots and cannot fend for themselves" and "all women are totally irrational and addicted to shopping" type of jokes, then you'll like this. I don't think my spouse is a moron. Maybe you think yours is and tell him so often. If that's the case, you'll enjoy this show!!!I personally hate that cliche crap and so did everyone else at the table. The guy even seemed too young to be telling the type of jokes he was telling. We had VIP seats through Harrah's Diamond program, so a member of our party spent a fraction of the price on tickets for this awful show. Imagine our surprise when people are upgraded to our section simply for being unhappy with their view of the stage, or for coming in late!! A female from the latter group strolled in playing with her cellphone (mind you, the show had started) and then made herself comfortable by TAKING OFF HER SHOES and putting her feet up. Whoever you are, I just wanted to tell you that you are a pig. I wanted out of there so bad that I was eyeing the exits, but I stayed for the entire show because it would have made too much of a disturbance to get up and leave. Its about an hour long. You've been warned.Edit- I forgot to mention, another turn off was the overly aggressive photographer. She WILL harass you. She told me to get up out of my chair and sit on my husband's lap... get the hell away from me.
3	Saw this show ince in my hometown, and it was much better there. Biggest gripe here is that our seats....supposedly "VIP" seating thru Vegas.com, were along the wall parallel to the stage. Even when we asked the maitre d about it, he said, "those are the seats on your ticket" ( I guess he was hoping we'd grease his palm...which we might have done AFTER he  moved us, but he didn't seem the least bit interested in doing that). Our seats gave us a terrific side view of the comedian, and his overly large stomach, but I couldn't tell you what he looked like since he never played to the walls on either side of the stage. Started the show In a bad mood cuz of the seating, and it wasn't  a funny enough show to get me out of it. My advice ...if you buy "VIP" seating make sure you verify exactly what seats are printed on your ticket when you pick them up.
3	A good show. A few slow moment. Great show for couples. Good way to fill an hour in afternoon. Look for by 1get 1 free coupons and they give you 2free shirts with coupon.
1	If I could give this show zero stars, I would.  I am a 20-something girl who attended this show with my 30-something boyfriend.  I will give the comedian the benefit of the doubt and just say that maaaaybe we were too young to get his humor?  I think that's a stretch though.All of the jokes were about his married life, leaving laundry on the floor, etc.  Overall, not funny at all compared to other shows I've seen.  I love stand up comedy and also went to Sin City Comedy which was hiiii-larious.Spend your money elsewhere!
2	I got comp tickets and went with my boyfriend on a Thursday afternoon.  I wouldn't pay more than $20 for these tickets.  The box office staff was friendly and knowledgeable.There weren't many people in the showroom so we had our choice of where to sit.  The showroom looked pretty run down and could use a renovation.  Waitress was slow and drinks were very weak.  I don't think I fully appreciated all the humor due to the fact that I haven't been married for 20 years.  If you are 45+ and married then you would probably enjoy this show more than we did.  The comic act revolves around the differences between men and women, you know how "Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus".
2	What can I say we were in Vegas for 7 and staying at harrahs we would have been better off at the bar or gambling.
5	Kevin Burke was amazing! We loved every single minute of it! He was clever and was captivating from the beginning to the very end. We laughed a lot and reflected a lot ;p I would definitely definitely recommend watching his comedy show especially for couples. If not...I don't think that you would enjoy his show very much because many of the material will be irrelevant. All in all, I would go again!!
4	This show was hilarious. There wasn't one moment that my wife and couldn't relate too. My only gripe was the cost of drinks, I know it's Vegas but I still get annoyed paying $9 for a domestic bottle. Other than that definitely a must see for couples.
4	I attended last night and had a blast! My boyfriend and I are in our 20's and loved it... although it may be hard to understand if you're a couple who doesn't live together. Some references definitely require that for full appreciation. The show was funny, drinks weren't crazy priced (come on, I live in Vegas and still know that if I get a drink on the Strip for under $15, it's a steal of a deal!).Good date night! :)
2	I received free passes for the back row to this show, face value of just under $50. I would not pay that much to attend this show and sit in the front row.The show has a few funny moments but overall it is dated and reminiscent of the humor from 90s sitcoms, discussing the differences between how men and women communicate and behave, connecting our current habits as inherited from our caveman ancestors.Overall the show itself was not particularly funny and most of the material did not seem new. As others have said, there are several awkward pauses and lulls in the set, almost as if they are built in for audience participation or applause, but unfortunately there was not much of that at the show I went to.The set is very basic and the improv room itself dated with framed photos of 80s-90s comedians on the walls. While it was not entirely a waste of time, I'd definitely suggest finding a discount or comp passes rather than paying full price- I do not think the original cost was justified by the performance I saw.
3	The show is ok.  Don't go by yourself and don't go with a friend.  This is a show for you and your significant other.  It has some funny and sad parts.  You can pay for a cheap ticket and get the same experience as someone in the front.  It's a very small venue.  I hope this guy makes it in life.  He had a lot of great things to say but I can't see this show lasting much longer.  It's been in production for a long time now.
4	The show is exactly what you think it should be... defending men!  Kevin was great at defending us men although it was clear that we are the lessor of the sexes.  You don't have to be 45+ to enjoy it.  My 20 year old daughter was with and enjoyed the show.  I would easily recommend it.
4	This is a good show.  I read the Yelp reviews before and thought the show was better than reviewers made it out to be.  It is a great show for Vegas to have.  A show about monogamy in Sin City. lol... Maybe that's why some of the other swinging reviewers were upset?!  I would see it again.
4	Low cost laughs. We got two for one coupons and a five dollar tip got us a great table. Funny show. Really funny if you are with your significant other or spouse though. Show is about the differences between men and women. Sitting next to each other and the pointing and the yes You do thats Make the show even better.  Really funny and presented well.   A great couples night away from the cirque shows
5	We thoroughly enjoyed the show & highly recommend it to anyone, especially married couples or couples who have been in relationships for some time!Thank you for making us appreciate the differences of men & women!!!I really do appreciate my husband of 32 years, now that I know what makes him tick!!! HAHAYou were Right On & I Thank You for a Wonderful & Entertaining Hour!!!Karen ( same name, different wife) HoHoHo!!!
4	It was a funny show without being raunchy or too dirty. We went to some comedy shows that did not make use feel clean in the past, but not this one. It has humor and jokes about both sexes, but they are clean and funny.We went with 2 other couples, and we all enjoyed the show. Some jokes were repeating at the end, but the atmosphere at the show was great!I had 2 for 1 coupon, and got the seats in the back. The lady seating us nicely moved all of us to up front. I really appreciated the upgrade!
5	Went with my wife and we were both cracking up.  Laughed so hardy my eyes teared up and my stomach hurt.Probably best for couples who have been in longer term relationships.  Small venue so there is not a bad seat in the house and it is not intimating to sit right in front.
4	The show is VERY funny I really like it but I rate 4 out of 5 because the drinks were  water down.
