5	I ate here when it first opened and I really enjoyed the spicy, Arizona Cobb salad.  I also splurged and got the chili cheese fries, which were absolutely amazing.  I'm sure they are not the healthiest side option but they are crispy fries topped with chili, cheese and fresh sliced jalapenos, which add an extra kick to an already delicious combo.The staff was very friendly and our food came out very quickly.  Overall a great experience.
5	WOW, the burgers are first rate, much better than Five Guys, and yes, better than my beloved In-n-Out. The juiciest burger I have ever had.
5	I came here for a quick lunch with my boyfriend near our jobs and was definitely impressed! Location is great, right off of Baseline and 24th street inside the same complex as Wal Mart, Taco Bell, Jersey Mike's and Chipotle. The restaurant was clean and staff was very friendly. I ordered the spinach and goat cheese salad and picked at my boyfriend's "smashed" sweet potato fries. Smashed fries include rosemary and other spices...mmm! The sweet potato fries in general are really good! My salad was awesome, I've had their burger and chicken sandwiches before and everything I have had is great! Prices are a little steep (almost $20 for 2 at lunch without drinks) but good food indeed! Will be back!
4	Happy about the new location!  The fries here are normally overcooked so I veer away from them, the onion rings are amazing!
4	We ordered the Arizona and Mushroom burgers on whole wheat buns.  Awesome tasting and decent price.  The smash fries with olive oil, garlic and parsley were good also. We went on a Friday night around 6:30pm during the busy dinner time.  I couldn't help but notice that the wait staff seemed a little out of sorts.  I could see a bunch of orders crowded on what looked like a 3' x 3' counter.  There was a man (manager?) standing there constantly looking down at something, looking up at this super hi-tech video screen, and re-arranging the food on the counter.  It seemed a little chaotic to reach for orders only to put them back again.  1st in 1st out?Occasionally he would grab an order and hand it to someone and they would meander through the aisles looking a little confused while trying to spot the table numbers.  I watched for a while to see if one of the orders was ours.  I saw what looked like our order and it was just sitting there.  When the waitress (bless her heart) grabbed our order, she seemed to glance over our direction, only walk to the back of the restaurant and then come back to our table.I realize that it's not McDonalds or In-and-Out burger, but it took like what seemed like 15-20 mins to get our food.  (2 burgers and a fry).  The wait staff was very friendly and  personable,  but it seemed really inefficient on how they organized and delivered the orders.I would see a waiter walk by with just one or two items in his hands (a soda or shake) and then return with 2 more items.  I know in-and out calls out your name, but at least your food is somewhat together and on a tray(?)I thought, eh, mebbe it was just a fluke that our order came out so slow, so I went to the counter to order some haystack onions rings and it took about 15mins for those to arrive at our table.  The whole meal took about an hour, which is no big deal if you're not in a hurry.  The vibe feels like semi-fast food (ie in-and-out) but then you end up sitting around like you're at Chili's or TGIFridaysThe onion rings looked good on someone else's table, but ours seemed a little over cooked and at the bottom there were little shards (think shoestring potatoes in the aluminum can?) and not worth $2.29 in my opinion.  Give me those fat cut rings you get at some steak houses any day :)If you don't mind paying $20 for 2 burgers, fries, rings and 60mins, then this is the place for you. Just a suggestion if the manager is reading this.  Will try another location to see if this is the company protocol.Perhaps they could use the old tried and true method of placing the duplicate receipt on the order with the table number?I hope this place stays in business, the food is decent value and tastes great.Might want to try a new algorithm for organizing and delivering the food(?)just sayin
3	Better than a solid burger, for sure-  I've been to a couple of Smash burgers, but this is first time for Smash Fries--Unbelievable!
3	I think it is kinda pricey for what you get.  The service is good.  Kids meals chicken strips appeared to be a breast they might use in a sandwich breaded, cooked and then sliced.  Comes with fries and a drink.  Like that they offer vegetarian black bean burgers though they don't taste that good and fall apart easily.  Nice that you can pick what type of bread and toppings you want as well as what size burger for a regular beef burger.  The onion straws are delicious!!  My favorite part of the meal.  Also, they have fresh brewed iced tea.  Always a hit for me!
3	I've eaten here before and they've always had really great food.Today I was really disappointed though. I went in to order to-go and I got a Classic Chicken Sandwich. I got it protein style with avocados. Every protein style burger I've ever had always wraps the lettuce around the burger so you can actually eat it. The chicken was just covered with leaf lettuce and it was extremely hard to eat.I paid $1 for the avocado and there was barely 2 slices in my "sandwich" and they were kinda browning.The staff was great and the food is usually great too. Just not this time. I don't suggest ordering anything protein style there. You may as well get a salad, you'll probably get your money's worth if you do.
4	Juicy is the first word that comes to mind - perhaps the juiciest burger I've ever had.I had the "big" version of the BBQ Bacon Cheddar burger, and it was an exceptional burger. It wasn't my favorite burger of all time, but I'd say it's probably somewhere in the top 7-10. The egg bun is soft and doughy, and is satisfying to bite into. The beef patty, as previously mentioned, oozes with juicy goodness, and the bacon, fried onions, and BBQ sauce round out the flavors. In a way it reminds me of the fantastic BBQ burger at the Applepan in West Los Angeles, but somehow it doesn't quite replicate the magic. I tried both the chili cheese fries and the sweet potato smash fries and neither did it for me. The chili cheese fries felt sloppily thrown together, and the flavors didn't balance particularly well, and I felt that coating the sweet potato fries in rosemary and parmesan cheese gave them an almost mushroom-like flavor - if it ain't broke, don't fix it.Will I come back? Definitely - I'm already craving  another one of their burgers while writing this. Perhaps I'll even try one of the smash chicken sandwiches next time.
4	This location is right by my work, so when I'm getting a burger craving this is the best place to go. I've been here probably 4-5 times now since it opened not too long ago and have not been disappointed.Pluses:-Clean facility and friendly staff-The combinations of what you can order here are endless - crispy or grilled chicken, different size patties on burgers, build-your-own or off the set menu, salads, hot dogs, several different kinds of fries. I could go on and on!-Shakes, teas, sodas, oh and even local craft beers to get with your mealMinuses:- As most places in the same plaza as this Smashburger, the lunch hour crowd is crazy big, so ensure enough time to get your food and eat it if you aren't taking it to go. They let me call in my order once so that may be an option for you.-Food itself takes a bit longer to get to you, this is based mostly on how they cook the food (not to mention if they are busy) so I guess it's not a minus per se, but it is something you need to be aware of when you eat here, that it's not like Burger King where your burger will be out to you in 0.02 seconds. It's worth the wait though, trust me!
4	I absolutely loved the Black Bean Burger. The manger was very friendly, and in spite of me showing up an hour before they close, the place ran out of beans, but the manager gave us smash bucks for future visits, and free drink to gain my business for future references. overall, a very pleasant experience and will do business again.
2	Food is great but tue service was not. No one taking orders for almost 5 minutes and a huge line developed. When they finally came back only ONE person took orders. Long wait for food.
4	Very good burger joint.  Quality fresh veggies and burger.  I like it more then 5 guys.  The best part is they put effort into the fries, many options to chose from.  Sets them apart from their competition.
5	Awesome. Manager is very nice also.
4	Great burgers, quick service.  I would give it five stars, however that last star is reserved for my favorite burger joint which is fat burger.  Have not found a location with a better burger but this place is close.  Ryan's stamp of approval.
4	The food is always good there. The fries are always fresh and the milkshakes are great.  But I continue to go back because of the customer service. The people that work there are always so nice and friendly.
4	This has to be the best hamburger I've had! I ate the whole thing (I'm a fatty). Onion rings and sauce were awesome. Nothing compares to the BBQ bacon cheeseburger. My hubby had the regular one and nearly finished his he liked it so much. If I ever crave a burger again this is the spot in South Phoenix. One less star because the last of my onion rings was too greasy.
4	First time at this Smashburger. Kinda weird tho: 6:00 PM on a Monday and I'm the only customer. The Smash by my old house in Las Sendas was always packed from 4:00 PM until closing. Win for me I guess. Ordered two burgers to go. Obviously I got fast service with no other customers. Cashier tried a soft upsell, which I am always fine with hearing. I declined though. I ordered a regular sized burger on a chipotle bun and my wife got a regular with a lettuce bun. Her burger was a bit disappointing though because the lettuce was very small, forcing her to eat it with knife and fork, instead of a lettuce wrap. Mine was fine, with fresh ingredients and toppings. I'll try this Smash again but will check her lettuce wrap before leaving the restaurant.
1	The slowest service ever, place was almost empty, but it took at least 20 mins before I ordered. Then I had to wait another 20-30 mins for my order. They brought me food that I did not order.  So, had to wait another 10 minutes to get a right sandwich. I ended up taking my order to go. Chicken was hard and dry. I will never go to this place again, worst service ever!
4	First time at this Smashburger. Kinda weird tho: 6:00 PM on a Monday and I'm the only customer. The Smash by my old house in Las Sendas was always packed from 4:00 PM until closing. Win for me I guess. Ordered two burgers to go. Obviously I got fast service with no other customers. Cashier tried a soft upsell, which I am always fine with hearing. I declined though. I ordered a regular sized burger on a chipotle bun and my wife got a regular with a lettuce bun. Her burger was a bit disappointing though because the lettuce was very small, forcing her to eat it with knife and fork, instead of a lettuce wrap. Mine was fine, with fresh ingredients and toppings. I'll try this Smash again but will check her lettuce wrap before leaving the restaurant.
4	I love this place. I brought my brother here when he came back from Afghan.  (His 3rd tour)  he's never been to a Smashburger so we ask if he can get a military discount & what do they say? "Only if he's in uniform" Come on this guy wants to relax! Other than that  we love the food.
5	Come here often and the service is always great and fast. I always get the crispy chicken bbq, bacon & cheddar sandwich with smash fries. Awesome!!!
1	Horrible service and a horribly thrown together "GOURMENT" BURGER... My office in in the area so it would be nice if this store and it's team could get its act together.  I live near one of the Tempe locations and I believe Tempe may have just set the bar too high for this So Phx location to meet.  And the manager - Mike is childish and extremly unprofessional in how he interacts with the employees there and ever more so in his approach to others (myself).  He gets an F!!  Grow up Mike!!
4	Great food. Mediocre service.The food keeps you coming back.
5	Impeccable service. Food tasted fresh and a delicious Savory delight. Then had a dessert tasting their hand spun butter butter shake. So good and I will definitely go back.
1	Over priced. Over rated. The goat cheese has zero flavor, my chicken was paper thin, the red onion completely dominated all of the flavor profiles. I won't eat there again
