2	Wow not impressed wit the mens clothing prices. There a whole bunch of higher end store with this price range. The store crew was amazing and helpful! Really nice people.
3	I shop here regularly and the sales staff is always really friendly and remembers me. Today I was here and waiting in line (it was extremely un-busy) and some guy at the counter looked right at me and started picking at his nails. He let me wait in line while the sales associate rang up a huge sale in front of me while he primped. Not cool.
4	Hours of my time have been spent at J Crew.  The sales associates are very helpful, reserving fitting rooms, checking in the back for sizes, even running around the store as you stand unclothed in the dressing room.  Clothes at J Crew are more expensive than your typical store but you are paying for quality clothing.  Many dresses and skirts purchased elsewhere have hit the dust as my J Crew pencil skirts and blouses stand unscathed.  Need shoes to complete the outfit?  Maybe a sparkling accessory?  J Crew has you covered.  Plus, everything can be mixed and matched.  The clothes here fit me like a glove; not only are they stylish and work appropriate.  I feel confident, feminine and professional in these clothes.  Ask for the teacher discount if you're in education!
2	J Crew is the proverbial mixed bag.  Maybe I'm spoilt.  When I lived in the Philadelphia area, the King of Prussia team was exceptional.  They knew the true art of selling, which is establishing a connection and offering a variety of choices.  Perhaps the Scottsdale store is simply understaffed or the people aren't invested in their jobs.  I am not certain what it is.  Every time I have visited--and I like to give a store several times to wow me--the employees are rushing around or chatting amongst themselves, just at two extremes.  No one seems very happy to be there.At the end of both extreme is faulty customer service.  There is no sense of urgency or even of building.  Grab a shirt and you might wander around with it for a long time before someone wants to put it on the fitting room door.  The only time you do draw attention is when you scoop up a bunch of items, and then, the associates seem to be wanting to fight for the sale.  I love me some J. Crew, no doubt.  They are classic and yet current.  I would love shopping here more if the Scottsdale store could shore up their level of service with what the KOP location is doing.
4	They only sell women's clothes here.  Came here on a week night.  Store was clean and organized, even the sale section.  It wasn't ransacked like the ones back in SJ.  Fitting room floors were dusty so they could use a cleaning.  Staff was pretty friendly.  Successful shopping trip; came out with a pair of flats and a skirt.
