3	The Flamm (flat bread w/ cheese and toppings) was really good and so was the poutin (fries with cheese curds and gravy) but I agree w/ Holly T. this place was like corporate chain acting like a local pub or micro brewery. I probably won't go back to Les Trois Brasseurs just because of the corporate-feel of the place.They have four beers they make; a white, an amber, a brown and a blonde beer. The prices were sort of middle of the road prices, not super affordable but not overpriced either. All in all, just skip it.
2	I would have given this place one star except the place has good service.I had the burger (cooked with "biere blonde") with fries and their sampler beers.The burger was way over-cooked and the bun was pretty hard. I guess this is what they consider toasted.  The fries were actually good though.As for the beer sampler (there were 4), nothing to write home about especially for a brewery in Canada--land of beer.Again, the service was good for a semi busy night which was appreciated.  I can't blame the servers for the lack of experience in the kitchen.
4	I always go there for office parties, but every time I went the service was great even though we were a big crowd.  I gave it a 4 star review since I'm not a beer person and thus I don't appreciate their main fare...The food was good, but not out of this world.  A good place to have fun on Ste-Cat.
5	This was a great place. The amber beer was awesome. The service was good & the place was clean & it had a good atmosphere.
3	The beers are made on premises (as the smell of yeast will immediately tell you) and the atmosphere can border on overly loud.  The food is generally good, with the Flamms (flatbread pizzas), poutine and beer-braised pork shank among the winners.  The one on St. Catherine's tends to be a little less crowded than the one near the Bell Centre.
4	Staff was courteous. Food was okay. Barmaids offered excellent service.
3	Having driven the long jag from southern Maine to Montreal, I checked into my hotel and was pretty much dead on my feet, and several nearby eateries had already closed for the evening.Luckily, my hotel was around the corner from this.  The menus are bilingual, which is a nice consideration for the exhausted yankee, but I seem to have absorbed enough French over the years to be able to order poutine and a house beer in the native tongue.Ah, at last, Real, Quebec poutine, Sure it was from a chain, and the beer was too hoppy and over-proofed, as Montreal beer seems wont, but seldom has an appetizer been as satisfying as that LTB poutine.The flatbread pizzas were quite tasty as well. Something about the Canadian cheese just sends them from chain-good to actual good. While my dinner was more by necessity than choice, I was quite happy with it.
2	Hmm... out of 10 or so reviews, more than half of them are from non-Canadians. That paints a pretty good picture of what Les Trois Brasseurs is like, which is like a Canadian version of TGIFridays (minus the flair). I went to the Vieux Montreal location, which had a really nice patio on the sidewalk. The service wasn't snooty or pushy, although my server did ask me if I wanted an English menu before I sat down (is it that obvious? Maybe my American flag fanny pack is a little too big).The poutine, which is the main reason I came here, was alright, but not stellar. Maybe it was because I'd never had poutine before and have nothing to compare it to, but it just seems like mediocre fries soaked in gravy, covered in cheese curds. I mean, tasty as hell, but... ten minutes later, do I really want soggy fries smothered in a liquid heart attack? The Caesar salad was redeeming because it came with, as all things Canadian, a hearty portion of bacon. As for the beer, which is brewed on premises, I cannot comment on it, as I foolishly ordered a beer cocktail (peach schnapps mixed with 'La Blanche' - very light wheat and barley malt beer... never again).Sitting outside probably makes it seem less corporate, for what it's worth.
3	Good beers and decentfood.  Gets loud sometimes, but it'sjust fine overall.
3	Scouring the Montreal day for the first time, we ventured in here for some food after a long 8 hour drive.  I didn't expect this to be a pub, which is basically what it is.  The menu is in French, so I suggest knowing some.  Or do what me and my friends did, and pick things that we thought we knew.  I got the crevette frites because I thought "frites" meant fries (for an appetizer).  Well that was popcorn shrimp.  Even though it wasn't what I thought it was, it was really good.  I then got the New Orleans pizza, which is a flatbread.  It looked like nachos to me.  I thought it was good when it was hot, but eat it fast, because when it cools off, it isn't that good.  They have their own beers, a happy hour from 5-7 on 2 of their beers (the amber and the blond), which is half off.  I wouldn't say to come here, but it's not bad.
4	There's something about this place I adore.Of note is the flamm- a very flattened pizza.  Anyplace I can get a yummy pizza-like substance along with a pitcher of beer for under $20 is great in my eyes.Also love the beer mugs- I'm not gonna deny sneaking one into my purse many years ago (before I found out I could purchase them).Guys who work here are easy on the eyes, quick to serve, and make for a generally exciting atmosphere of eating
3	The food item that most people come here for is the flamm which according to their menu is "not a pizza", however that's simply the easiest way to describe it to someone.Sure it isn't a pizza, but it's pizza like. Flattened dough with ingredients on top. Because of how thin it is, it ends up being extremely crispy which is delicious.This little chain is typical of most micro-brew bar / restaurants. You know, exposed vats, beer steins, barrels, wood and iron. The typical things that would make you think...brewery.It does get pretty packed in here but it is one of the places that the kitchen stays open reasonably late with decent bar food.The Quebecoise flamm is by far one of the most popular from the reaction I got from the server when I ordered it. I can certainly see why, it is a simple combination of some of the tastiest ingredients.  Onions. Bacon and cheese.  All three of which are heavily enjoyed on their own.This is certainly not a destination eatery by any means, but it is a place you can easily kick back at for some beer  and food.Check out the meter stick, which is a meter of beer.
4	Montreal really is a beautiful city.As a native Bostonian, it's fun to go up to our northern frenchy neighbors and harrass/enjoy everything they have to offer.I've been to this establishment, specifically the one on Crescent/Ste Catherine, several times.The food is good and the beer is great. They get four stars for having insanely hot waitresses and bar tendresses.Honestly though, it's worth a try, at least, simply because they brew thier own beer in house and it's actually quite good (especially the amber). I definitely recommend this to anyone!
3	Les Trois Brasseurs is a great spot to go if you're looking for the sure thing. You're not going to leave Les Trois with a different perspective on life or what it means to have a good meal. However, they are sure to offer something that you'll enjoy, they have a good selection of beverages to choose from, and the service is solid. The place was packed the night I visited and from the looks of things everybody was having a great time. The location is perfect and you really can't go wrong with Les Trois.
4	What I hate about Yelp is that there's no Half stars. 3 stars is definetly a understatement of this place, and 4 stars is overated. 3 brasseurs as a local montrealer is a place you go when you don't want to think about a specific place to go. IMHO it's now more and more trendy, based on a franchise model that's working pretty well. They have home-made beer which are quite honest and good. I went back yesterday, had some beer. great service, and even if it wasn't really fast, it was ok. I think that this franchise should grow more and more and continue to establish a solide client bases but overall what I hate about this place it's that it's too big. There's too many people, and sometime if you don't feel listening to this repeating electro-jazz fusion crap (I like Jazz, but not that noise). This is the only reason why you can't consider this place has a solide 4 stars or 5 stars!
4	Very kewl, laid back place.  Brew their own beer!  Very nice atmosphere, quick service and super yummy flat bread pizza.  On an off note, the sink in the restroom was really unique!  Went here for lunch, no wait, got right in.  Great place to hang with friends and watch a game.  Highly recommend.
4	Downtown in Montreal, exhausted, thirsty and hungry? Head to Les Trois Brasseurs.Despite the premium on downtown floor space, this branch has recently expanded even more to hog up almost the entire ground floor of a building. Even at the busiest times, you are guaranteed a short wait, if at all.The music may be a little overwhelming and the menu a little un-navigable, but hang on and you should be impressed.First and foremost, the beers. I think that for such a high-throughput and commercialized establishment (they're a chain, after all) they're awesome. I am a fan of the Brown and Red, but that's just my taste. Given time and a bit of food, I'd have a pitcher to myself gladly.Let's talk food. Their selling point are the Flamms, which I do not find all that special or worth the money. Bruschetta on matzah kinda describes it. It's a pity they put so much focus on them, when they've got some real great dishes on offer.Take the burgers, which are very tasty, or their salads, overflowing in their abundance. The real show-stopper and wallet-saver, however, is the pork shank house specialty.Holy Moses, they must have a pork-friendly cornucopia in the kitchen! The shank is huge, delicious and comes with so many sides you'll struggle to finish them all. Foil-baked potato, sauerkraut, salad and God knows what else.For 12 dollars it's a steal. If that's the House specialty, I commend the house and wish it many fruitful years. Caveat emptor, naturally, as once in a blue moon the shank's porky origin could have been quite fat. The homebrew beers make this and all other dishes go down like a charm and I never hesitate going to Trois Brasseurs again and again. Yes, the menu is confusing and yes, the variety of foods served can be intimidating. Jut use your common sense and order what a good pub might make in its kitchen, and you will be fine.
3	The best thing about this place is that they brew their own beer. I sampled about 3 of the different brews and found them all to be pretty good. I was here during the Canadian Gran Prix so the restaurant was pretty packed. The hostess and waitress informed us that our food would take awhile to come out because they were so busy which tells me that they overbuilt the seating in this place and under-built their kitchen capacity. The food is enjoyable but you will not walk away saying you had a great meal. This was the first place I ever had poutine and I found it to be pretty good. The service was a tad on the slow side but I'd imagine on a non-event weekend the service would be alright. If you want a meal that you won't hate along with some decent beer and a lively atmosphere this is your place.
3	This Brasseurs is just as crowded as their other locations. Service was fine.Ordered their blonde (L3B) artisan beer. A half pint was only C$3.75. Not bad, and quite swiggable. Of course, I got myself vodka and Red Bull - Canadian Red Bull (called "Base"), that is.If you want a drink, and want it dependable, stop in. Still, there are better places in Montreal.
3	I think 3.5 is reasonable.  Was wondering around Ville-Marie and looking for lunch and this was the first decent thing we could find so we stopped here. It looks like a regional microbrewery chain, complete with vats and dressed up brewers on display by the front entrance. We tried the open-faced sandwiches - me, salmon & shrimp; him, goat cheese and tomato. Both came with salads. He got a pint of their Oktoberfest special, I stuck with water. The food was fine, crispy bread, can't really mess up smoked salmon, and the capers so big, they looked mutant. Really big place, 2 stories. Clean bathrooms. Service attentive, but not hovering. Accepts credit cards. Happy hour specials where the pints are priced as half-pints. I think it was ok to try, but I don't think I would make this place a destination.
3	Les Trois Brasseurs is one of those places I would consider just average.  Nothing really makes you crazy to go back, but nothing is also really stopping you from returning.  Their beer selection is all brewed locally and they have a full bar for those looking for something stronger.  The food, which two of us ordered burgers and two sandwiches, was pretty good.  The fries were done nicely and the burger was satisfying.  Their "signature" mayonaisse came in a sealed container like fast food joints sauces which was kind of odd.  Prices were decent, especially given it's "downtown, St. Catherine" location.
4	Came here with the fam, last year , really good service , order la blond its like the best beer , I never really drank beer or liked it until I had there beer. its good for groups,  if You're from the states its kinda like TGI fridays but bigger and the decor is nice.  And alot of good beers to choose from, the food is really good too, burgers are amazing.
3	Liked it enough. Not really a bar I would hang out at, but they have lots of screens so it's good for watching games. I did really like their Flamm (sp?) though - it's like a really thin-crust pizza but not quite; the one I ordered had bacon and raclette cheese on it and was delicious. Beer is pretty good and average price. Would come back again.
3	We came here cause we were shopping across the street and heard this place brews its own beer. This place feels like your garden variety tavern-themed casual dining place in style with American restaurant chains such as Bennigans or even TGI Friday. It's busy and bustling with Salt & Pepper video playing on big screens. The food are all "safe" picks of American casual food such as cesar salad, hamburger, pizza (YAWN)...I tried 4 of the beers as they have a little sampler "Et Cetera" with glasses with 4 oz; white, blonde, amber (rousse) and brown. The blonde and Amber were not bad for a microbrew, although I think I'll stick with Griffon Rousse.
3	This is my first trip to Montreal, as walking on the street and looking for a restaurant for a brunch, their beer menu catch my eyes. Food: I ordered their special brasseurs flames (sausage, red onion, mushroom) with the desert flames (I chose the banana flamms) for $14.50, which is pretty good deal. However I wish they put more onion n mushroom, it taste pretty good especially the flatbread is very crispy. It taste great with the Tabasco sauce. I had the white beer which is less alcohol, a pint for $5.95 is pretty good. Service: it was okay, the waiter was nice just that it hard to find him when we need something and ask for a check. Waiter too busy serving other tables.
3	Reliable bar / restaurant that has good beer.  Always a good place to wind up at in Montreal.  Comparable to the Gordon Biersch chain in the states, Les 3 Brasseurs brews their own beer on site (supposedly) and they are all pretty damn good.  The waitstaff is very attentive and are all thankfully fluent in English as well.The Burgers are good, the Flamms are alright, but they had this baked brie thing that was pretty damn good.  Prices for food and beer are about a dollar more than what you would expect in the States, but that's to be expected in Montreal.Every time we go here, it's always busy but they are able to take care of anyone who comes in.  Tried to get a table at Le St. Bock down the street but it was jam packed and not a single person working there tried to accommodate us.  Like I said, this place is reliable.  There are plenty of other places to get better drinks, but it's nice to know that Les 3 Brasseurs is always there.
2	While waiting for our train ( had 3 hours to kill) we decided to find a place to eat. Down the stairs we saw Les 3 Brasseurs. Being it our last day in Montreal we said why not. I ordered the 3 Brasseurs burger with cheese and Bacon, while my partner ordered the Quebecois flamm. The burger is nothing to write home about. The patty was moist but bland, and the cheese and bacon were unnoticeable. I did however like the bun. The fries were pretty good as well.  My boyfriend enjoyed his flamm, but then again he likes thin crust pizza. If you are looking for a place for beer, this is the place. Anything else is a guess.Oh and if you are sitting outside, don't expect to see your server anytime soon.
2	Another mediocre brew pub on my trip to Montreal. The beer tasted like...generic beer. Nothing to write home about. I had the amber ale. Meh. For dinner, I ordered the burger. The only thing that was enjoyable about it would be the ciabatta bread that it came on. It's always worrisome when the server doesn't ask you how you would like the burger prepared, and, as a result, the burger was overdone. Not helping was the fact that it tasted like a pre-formed thawed beef patty out of a box. Womp womp. The portions are also small for the price you are paying.
3	The beers are excellent. I had the amber beer (much like a belgian ale like Leffe). The food is also great. I've had the smoked salmon flamm with capers and cheese. Most recently I had the alcasienne flam, which, had slices of kielbasa, sauerkraut and gruyere. It was good but I wish it had some sort of sauce since it was a but dry. The poutine, however was awesome!!!
4	This place was wonderful. The waitress at the door was a little annoying though. She placed our group of 10-15 people right by the door near the bar and then kept complaining we were getting in her & the customers way. Uhm.. sure lady.. You put us here... But anyway, the atmosphere was really nice. The place is spacious, 2 floors. The upstairs has all this brewing equipment showcased behind glass. It's pretty cool. They also have a huge barrel of free peanuts at the entrance. That's another thing she got annoyed at too! We kept taking peanuts and throwing the shells on the floor.. Yes, I know that is not good manners, but that is what the other patrons of the bar were doing! They don't give you any place to put them. There were tons of shells already on the floor. We assumed it was just custom to do that.But anyways, this a great place to come with your friends, have some drinks, and enjoy each others company. Just.... don't sit by the door.. lol
1	I will give their beers 3 stars, but I have had better.Service is despicable. What is with waiters here who shake their index fingers at you like we are in kindergarten. So rude. They have 1 vegetarian option and it sucked. Don't even get me started on their salad options. Come on people, it's the 21st century. Would it kill you to put a vegetarian friendly option on the menu that isn't iceberg, tomatoes and cranberries? Everything else in Canada is excellent. This place is definitely an exception to that statement.
3	Unless you're just grabbing a beer, you can do better than this in Montreal.  Saying that, their own beer is very good so if that's what you are after this is a good choice.  Good spot to watch a hockey game as well.
4	I know this is a chain, and I normally abhor and avoid chains, but I really liked this place.  The beer was excellent, the servers were very polite and attentive (Everybody speaks English) and the food was way above average.  First time we went I had a flammekuchen with Gruyere and smoked meat with a slice of dill pickle on every quarter.  Excellent!  My wife had the vegetable version which was great as well.  Second visit I had a meat dish with ham, pork knuckle, sausage and an excellent sauerkraut.  Very, very good.  We had a great time watching the Canadiens at the bar after the meal.  Overall I would highly recommend this place, at least one visit to sample their beers which are a cut above your average brew pub.
4	There are very few restaurants that make me sit back and think about how I should be kinder to chain restaurants when I write reviews. And Les 3 Brasseurs was one of the those lucky few. While there is not way to avoid chain restaurants all the time. I try to support local places. So bare with me as I explain to you why I love this place. I was in Montreal for the weekend, visiting friends from Uni. I was also there with a friend from Cincinnati, taking him on his first Canadian adventure. On our first night, we were on our own and up to our devices for getting dinner. We chose Les 3 Brasseurs mostly because they brewed their own beer. I mean as a beer lover, that is just heaven for me. We got placed at the bar because it was a crowded Friday night. The bartender was very attentive and very beautiful. She was more then happy to speak English. And she pretty much gave us a college level course on their beer selection. We went with two liters of the Amber. I mean we were planning on drinking, might as well go "balls to the wall". Along with our beer, we ordered their Poutine. And while I try not to explain food as orgasmic. A plate of their poutine maxi is just that, orgasmic. My friend had the open faced seafood sandwich. And I ordered the Quebec Flammekuchen. Covered in a local cheese,bacon and onion. It was so good. We became friends with a few of our fellow bar sitters. And with the assistant to the bartender, he wasn't a busboy and he was allowed to take orders, just not pour them. Weird? Anyway. We kept ordering beer and shots of Sortilege ( a wonderful maple bourbon that is just amazing). Before we knew it, it was 2am. And we were very well gone. So with a few of our new friends we met at Les 3, we moved to a cheaper drinking hole. And the rest of the night is kinda blurry after that. But I will always eat here when I am in Montreal. Hell, until I find a better place. This will be my favorite place to eat in Montreal! Bring on the flame war.
2	I'm sure excellent meals have been served here, however, the day that I visited was definitely NOT one of them. My husband and I ordered Poutine as a starter and found it "okay". You could definitely tell the fries were of the generic food service variety, and the gravy tasted as if it came straight from the jar. My husband ordered the pork shank and mash and was definitely let down. There was far more inedible fat and connective sinews than actual meat. I ordered the "peppy" pizza which was okay but wound up picking most of the pepperoni off because it was filled with hard gristle! I really wanted to give them a decent review, and I'm sure that other locations in MTL are decent, however, this one just didn't hit the mark- at all.
2	Okay - we were hungry and we wandered into here for an 'easy' meal and that usually means going to a chain.The vegetarian pizza was so-so but had decent char.  I ran through the selection of beers and they were pretty mediocre.  A bit better than Brutopia on the beer front, so don't expect delicious beer here.And my French sucks -- why did they name their chain after girl-on-girl three-titty bras?
2	Good place for a big group dinner, the food is decent and the beer OK.  I find when we order a "Meter of Beer", we always end up asking for the 2 or 3 kinds that people are OK with.  None of them are really fantastic.The german food is pretty good, but the Flamekuchen are not as good as they look.Mainly have only been here because it's one of the few places big enough to host a big group on short notice, but probably wouldn't come here "on purpose".
4	A great restaurant is the core of downtown Montreal. The decor has a great industrial brewery feel, exemplified by its nice lighting. Lots of space and great for a big crowd. Menu is well stocked and price is decent. I personally got the sausages, which were the best I have ever had. However the accompanying cabbage was horrible. The prize possession of the establishment was the Flamekuchen, which was not all that it was cracked up to be. Considering I went with a large crowd that ordered different kinds of Flamekuchen, I can tell you with much certainly that a Flamekuchen is nothing more than a watered down pizza. But our server really brightened our day. His name was Stefan and was a real fun guy to be served by. Koodos to him! All in all, this place is a great place for a big noisy crowd, but don't expect stellar food.
5	Great award winning beers. A great variety of micro brews. Also delicious poutine.
3	Les 3 Brasseurs is a Canadian chain restaurant that has two locations in Montreal, one on the famous Sainte-Catherines Street and the other location that we tried, Sainte-Paul Street in the Old City.  The reason for our choice on this freezing sub zero winters night was simple, it was one of the only places actually open that was serving food. When we arrived it was pretty full with people and resembled a neighbor hood bar where everybody knows your name. There was old time memorabilia on the walls and lots of Canadian sport themed decor including the shirts on the waitstaff. We were seated quick in a small corner along the wall beside the bar with a great view of the kettles inside the on site brewery which was pretty cool to see. First, we placed our drink order. Simone had water and I decided on a Sangria ( which is popular in this city for some reason) The menu looked liked an newspaper and was even called The Gazette. I thought this was a nice touch to the ambiance of the place. My drink arrived and was very well balanced in flavor and fruity. For our appetizer we decided on (of course) Poutine. Although it looked great, when it arrived at the table, I was a bit disappointed in my choice. The fries were not fresh cut, and the gravy was overly salty.  It was still real cheese curds and the dish was okay, but not great. I probably would pass it over next time, as you can find much better Poutine in Montreal ( see my other review for Montreal Poutine).Simone chose for her entree, Chevre Chaud with Greens. This was an open faced sandwich consisting of two slices of French Bread topped with Goat cheese and Tomato Bruschetta, served with a mixed green salad with Herb Dressing. It was good but the Tomatoes were a bit over powered with all the cheese.  Simone was able to finish all of the salad, tomatoes and bread , but had to scrape some of the rich goat cheese off from the dish.My choice for an entree was the 3 Brassuers Sauerkraut. The dish consisted of a German Bratwurst, a Frankfurt Sausage (AKA-big hot dog) a thick slice of Grilled Ham, Broccoli Crowns, a Boiled Potato and a large portion of Beer Brined Sauerkraut.  I couldn't actually taste a difference between the Hot Dog and The Bratwurst which i found a bit troubling, but both were good. The Grilled Ham was average and the same you could find in any supermarket. The Potato was about as taste less as a potato can be, and the Broccoli was fresh but only luke warm. The absolute star of this dish was the Sauerkraut which i used to top every item on the plate. It was delicious and I wish the rest of the dish measured up.In addition to my meal, I also tried one of the 3 Brasseurs Micro Brews. I decided on the Blonde Beer. Although the description said fruity and light with a refreshing aftertaste, i didn't find it to be any more or less enjoyable then the bottle of Labatts I have in my fridge. So i guess the moral of this story is that a chain restaurant in Canada is kinda like a chain restaurant in the U.S. The food was average, the beer was average, the ambiance was above average.  Overall, i'll give Les 3 Brasseurs a half-hearted three stars, but if I have a choice I think I'll stick to the independent establishments next time. ***
3	We come by here every now and then while in Montreal and I've grown to enjoy the place.  There's not much more that can be said about the place that isn't already said.  They have a bunch of house made beers.  Some are bad and others are alright.  This surprises me because of the amount of great local breweries in QC.The food here is ok.  I tend to stick to the grilled chicken brochettes or LA wrap.  I do like the maxi fries and maxi poutine here but I find they're not consistent with them the maxi fries.The staff are super fun and friendly and the service is always solid.
3	The food here is average, but I'll go once in a while. If I do eat, I'll order a flammekueche and I'm never disappointed with that. I can appreciate a good home-brew like their blonde beers or their miniature 4oz glass testers (comes in 4 flavours). During the holidays they tend to come out with interesting concoctions too. That being said, like any chain restaurant, it loses its touch and flavour quickly. I prefer the ambience of smaller, less generic, unique places... so I don't come here often, it's usually a last resort if other places are too packed or closed.
2	We stumbled upon this place because we just didn't know where to eat when we arrived in Montreal.  From the looks of it, it's your typical chain restaurant serving bar food and some pub-like cuisines.Seems ok for a lunch spot as the locals poured in at noon on a friday.  Prices are a little steep for mediocre food.  Beer of the month was warm, but i think that's how everyone in Canada likes it?
2	Good service...Not so much for the food...Two steaks ordered Medium rare...One arrived med/med-well...The other was blue rare at best...Pretty much rawNoisy and busy but our server was great. I'm sure of we were not pressed for time she would have done the best to mack our food right too!
4	Lol I always come here on weeknights after 11 or 12 if I want to grab a quick drink with friends. Their blonde beer was actually quite good, and this comes from a non beer drinker. Anyways they have a good collection on dark choices for JD remy martins or cognac. The bar upstairs is huge with more rooms for people to sit around in cozy booths. I never really had food here as kitchens always closed by the time arrive, but from what my friends rave its good. Overall a good place to come hit for the location around on weeknights :)
2	Good beer that they brew on site...but awful food. I got the thin crust pizza like dish...it tastes like totinos frozen pizza in the states. Awful.Terrible decision on the first night of the bachelor party. Don't waste your time...this is like a Canadian applebees.
1	Wow, in contrast to all the great restaurants and pubs in Montreal, this was the pits.  Service was very efficient, until we finished our meal and our waitress disappeared for the next 20 minutes.  The blonde beer was horrible, almost a sweet and sour taste at the same time.  My wife and I challenged each other to take a swig without wincing and we couldn't pull it off.  I have tried many beers and enjoy microbrews but this was horrible.  Then we noticed a waitress taking the dirty silverware that was collected from the tables, putting them in a pitcher which I assume was slightly soapy water, wiping them off with a towel and putting them back in a tray as clean.  This was not in the kitchen, but on a side table and no rinsing.  The music from the pop videos was so loud, you had to shout to have a conversation, and it was all rap and pop crap.  Overall a really bad experience.  If you want a good pub, try Ye Olde Orchard Pub, great food and service and good selection of beers, both Irish and local.
3	Maybe it's because we're there at the wrong time. The first time I was there was a work lunch thing, so we couldn't try out their beer. Their food wasn't spectacular, it's what you expect from a franchise restaurant. The second time I was there, I was expecting for a good Mojito (I've been craving one), and... they told me they ran out of mint leaves, which is absolutely understandable. But when I asked for green tea after dinner, they said they didn't have that. I mean, how can they not have such common drinks? Other than that, the atmosphere and the service quality are the best. Our waiter was one of the friendliest guys I've ever met. He made my dinner experience absolutely amazing and hilarious.
3	This is a mini-chain of brewpubs with several locations in Montreal, all serving the same range of beers. Some of the locations look like they do not brew on the premises, but this location does have a small brewhouse. The dining area is relatively spacious and has multiple levels, so you can probably fit a larger group of people here. If you've been to New York City this place is essentially the Canadian version of Heartland Brewery.The food isn't anything to write home about, in fact the "pizza" that we got had more of a crepe consistency than actual pizza crust, floppy and soft. The salad was standard, again nothing wonderful but not bad either. The beers range from light to dark, with a blanche up to a brune (which is more like a stout). I got the 4 beer sampler, but there is also a 6 beer option if you want to try them all. I wasn't blown away by them, but they were consistent and well made. Styles focus more on the Belgian family of beers, rather than the English or American styles. Overall I liked everything just fine, but it's nothing I'd rush back for. Part of the reason I like brewpubs is that the food and the beer is unique to that one place. I feel like this place is a chain. The food is bland and unremarkable and the beers, while solid, are something I could find anywhere on tap in any bar.
3	Good wings and pizza for a chain restaurant.
3	On a trip to Montreal, we stumbled upon this restaurant just in need of something quick and nearby. The menu looked interesting and affordable. It's a large restaurant, with outdoor seating and the restaurant itself is pretty open. I ordered the pork shank house speciality, which only ran about $15 so I thought it would be a good portion. It was humungous! Two large pork shanks, both fatty and tender, along with veggie sides (basically just a big piece of broccoli) and fries that I substituted for sweet potato fries. A bit too satisfied, I couldn't finish it all...Everyone else's dishes looked really tasty, from chicken burgers to the steak. We also shared the appetizer Flammekeuches? which is kind of like a really thin/flat pizza. With bacon, gruyere cheese and onions, it was a nice light snack but only had about 1.5 small pieces each for 10 people.Overall enjoyable! And they offered to do separate checks, which was convenient.
3	A pleasant surprise. Reviews online seemed mixed. The Sainte-Catherine location was only a few blocks from my hotel. As I'm always searching out the local beer, this was the plan for lunch.Bartender was very friendly and helpful, guiding me through the beers. The brown I had was tasty and flavorful -- unlike the beers I had at two other brewpubs.Food was also tasty. I had the smoked meat fllammekeuche (with pickles -- sounds odd, but it works). Sort of a super thin crust pizza. Very tasty and just right for a light lunch. Tried to return late in the afternoon the next day, but crowds were out the door. Evidently a local hotspot at prime times.
4	Nice pub/bar along the main street. We were initially attacked to sit at the bar by the lovely Sabrina who pulled two terrific pints for us. The beer was excellent and fresh. The view at the bar was also excellent and fresh. I'd come back here again.Nice seating area facing the street so that you can watch the people go by as you're enjoying your drink and/or meal.
4	Came here 2 or 3 times during my trip to Montreal in July.  Their specialty is beer, but I actually don't drink beer, I had their Pinot Noir wine (they only had one), which was fine.  The rest of the people I was with loved the beer which is why we kept coming back.  It's in a very central location near lots of shops/hotels/etc.  The first night I ordered some hot wings.  I'm used to the buffallo wings in America, and honestly these wings didn't match up.  They just weren't spicy, but overall they tasted good.  Good enough for me to eat the whole plate of 'em!  Another night I ordered garlic bread with cheese on top, and my friend ordered french fries.  The garlic bread was pretty good, but the french fries were exceptional!  It's funny to rave about fries, but honestly, they were great.  They tasted more like potato wedges, but they were in the typical fry shape.  Very flavorful!  The waiter/waitresses were all very nice.  We were at the bar the whole time, and we never had to wait long to order or be served, and they were fun to talk to :)  If there were a Les 3 Brasseurs in America, I'm sure it'd be one of my go-to spots!
3	This bar and pub was very close to the hotel where I stayed.  The food is great for pub food.  The chevre was delicious and the chicken European sandwich was just good.  The location is excellent and it has two large patios which face bustling streets.  The service was great as the waiter took his time go through the multiple beer options from this microbrewery .  We sat at the bar as the upstairs dining area seemed a bit stuffy.Overall a great place to meet friends for casual food on a weekend night in this area.
4	My friends and I always hit Les 3 Brasseurs in Montreal.  The beer here is tasty and you can get a liter!  The bar/restaurant reminds me of Germany.  They service great sausages and the Pork Shank is delish!
3	It's pub food ... which I love. Nothing stood out as remarkable. The salmon was a large portion but dry and cooked too long (not overcooked necessarily). Probably a ploy for you to drink more. Blondes and Ambers were tasty beers. A decent mix of tourists and locals. Menu is completely in French but most staff are bilingual.
3	Nothing special at all, beers weren't very good and the burger was dry and bland.
4	Good food with quick service. Their pizza was good and different. Super thin crust and no tomatoe sauce. Very enjoyable.
3	Broad beer selection, mediocre and overpriced food.Good place to try a variety of beers and maybe have an appetizer or lunch. Would not recommend if you're looking for a restaurant for a good night-out meal.Definitely ask about any special beers they may have, as there are some that may not be on the menu. I'd go back for the beer if I was in town again.
1	First spot we stopped at when we wondered around Montreal. It looked like a cool place when we came in, the decor was okay. There were a lot of people inside. The waitress nice at first but she came off rude when we asked questions about the menu. My boyfriend ordered a pizza like dish... NOT pizza, she corrected us for calling it a pizza... It was bland. I ordered the classic burger, more like shit burger. It was like a frozen patty that had been cooked until completely dry! They give you the mayo on the side, good flavor. I ate the fries with ketchup.When we went to pay we paid cash. I ordered Canadian money from my bank back home.  The girl ran after me on my way out to say the bill was no good. It was just a later year, (date printed)  but I felt so offended that she would come after me to say I gave her counterfeit money!  AND IT WAS A FIVE$ BILL!If I could give Zero stars I would!
3	They have great beers, home-brewed with different distinctive tastes depending which variety you choose. They also have happy hours where the blond and amber beer are on special and they often come out with a special variety monthly.The ambience is great, very clean and not too noisy. I love the free peanuts, goes well with the beer when waiting for the food.The food is alright, but the service is just below average. Food comes out pretty slow, and the waitresses rarely come to take away the empty plates or fill my water.However, it is still a great place to go in groups, but I'd recommend you to go for the beer and appetizers only.
2	I've been to 3 Brasseurs all over town a bunch of times even though I find the food and beer just alright. I probably will be back because I like the atmosphere and service. Even when it's happy hour, waiting times are never too long.The beer itself is good, I like the blonde or the white best- their red has a bitter aftertaste and their stout is just too heavy for me.Their beer cocktails are interesting, you can have them mixed with sprite, grenadine, shot of whisky, lemon liqueur etc. Food actually kind of sucks. They rarely ever have specials or change their menu, I find it so bland. Their "pizza" like dishes are lackluster. They used to have some with chicken as a topping and it was removed from the menu, no clue why as it was the only good one. Crust is too thin, cripsy like a cracker or soft like wet pita depending on the day...Their burgers are ok, the beer battered one in particular, but fries are frozen and just so flavorless. They serve everything with that mustard/mayo sauce to mask their lack of flavor.They serve beer battered thick cut fries as an appetizer dish, but you cannot ask for it as a side, instead of regular fries,  the waitress told me they are already individually portioned, so frozen, as a basket appetizer and it would be too much with a burger or anything else I was getting.The wraps are a real mess, I've tried their avocado chicken wrap as well as a bbq chicken and it was always steaming hot with a soggy center, mushy pita. Looks like it came straight out of the microwave..Fish and chips another awful mess, fish incredibly oily and soggy.Their chicken brochette dish would be the best I had of the bunch but for 14$ the portion is incredibly small. I always like to replace my fries with a side of rice and unfortunately it looks like they only give you 3 spoonfuls. Once, their green beans were undercooked, hard, to the point of being raw.I don't come here for the food, neither should you, unless you just want a burger or nachos- A couple drinks or place to hang after work is what it's for.
4	Went here on Friday night. fairly busy but we were still able to get seated with a party of 7 pretty quick. I had the 3 Brasseurs sauerkraut and beer sampler. I loved both and thought the prices were very fair here. Ill be coming back here next year for sure.
4	Just had to say that I love food, But I do not speak French And 3 Brasseurs has consistently given me friendly knowledgeable service.I might add, the only restaurant in the city which has done so.Service is declining everywhere, this city is NO exception.3brasseurs food may be average, but the service/beer selection will definitely have me coming back.Great job guys!
2	I have been at the Trois Brasseur on Crescent Street on a Sunday Afternoon... it was AWESOME.  Great Burger.  Went this time at the St Paul Trois Brasseur in Old Montreal on a Friday Night.  It was Terrible.  Beer was good, as expected.  Burger was a HUGE disappointment.  Cold Fries and Cold Burger, for all three of us.  Service was below average, not very attentive and server (Max) spoke french even though he spoke and understood english.  I mean come on, how hard is it to cook and burger and deliver hot.  My three year old son was offered NOTHING in terms of crayons, let alone, we order him a bottled water and the straw was shorter than the length of the bottle.  Very frustrating.  I guess they don't care, and as such, like any consumer, you simply take your business elsewhere.  Restaurants that server burgers in Montreal are a dime a dozen.  It's not that hard.  Try Dilalo's, and you will understand.
3	Good beer and the lamb was great
3	I have been enjoying going to Les Trois Brasseurs since day on of the opening. I have been a loyal customer of this place for over 5 years... But, I can't say the same thing about the management. Prices are going up, platters are getting smaller, size of my favourite seafood sandwich is getting tinier and the amount of the shrimps they put now on it is 10 times less, waiters seem to not care at all of what's going on... The only reason I still go to this place is the beer, dark and amber, I mean they can't fake the recipe!
3	Service was a little slow at first, but improved. Beer selection is great. Had the Thai flatbread, which was good. Delicious beer battered onion rings. Large and comfortable restaurant.
4	Quite an enjoyable bar/dining scene, very vibrant place.It was packed but we didn't wait for too long fortunately.Had the LA Wrap with coffee. It was okay but a bit dry in the middle.Service was good. All and all not the best or my favourite but not too bad.
3	Even though the food here is not amazing, we come every time we visit Montreal because we really enjoy their beer and their beer cocktails. The blonde and the white beers are both very good, light and refreshing. The beer cocktails change each time, but they are pretty tasty and inventive. The restaurant itself is in a really convenient location as well, if you are passing through town it is worth a visit.
3	Service on the terrasse is next to non-existent. Waited 10 minutes to see a waitress, as we were getting up to leave, one showed up and was surprised we were leaving.The service on the terrasse is the exact opposite of indoors, where you are served promptly.IMO if you want to spend time outside, find somewhere else, as you may die of thirst and/or hunger first. if you want to go inside for a drink or a meal, than by all means this place is great.
3	I had the french pizza thing, and it was pretty good.  Other people's food looked nice as well.  Overall the place is alright, and the prices are fair for a glorified bar downtown.  You won't leave hungry as the portions are nice.  It's a neat place to check out and its a microbrew, but it didn't impress me much.  It's good for groups who want to have some beers and grab a bite.
3	This place is aight.  It's similar to any decent chain restaurant around.  The beer got mixed reviews from my dining companions (I don't drink beer that's promoted as "high quality").  One really enjoyed it and another compared the blonde to "Andrew Hume's asshole".
1	Went here on a Sunday night with a friend after work. I'm all about pub food and after a long day, I was looking forward to drinks and something greasy and delicious to comfort me.Our server was really fantastic, honestly the highlight of our stay at Les 3 Brasseurs. she was quick, courteous, and let my indecisive friend and I take our time ordering.My friend got the dijon mussels and they were pretty delicious. She loved them and the one she let me try was great. I, on the other hand got the Texas burger with a side of fries. For $13.25 I expect a certain quality of burger... What I received was a dry, pre-formed patty  which was smaller than the bun with a heap of shredded lettuce, mushrooms, fried onions (the best part of the burger). I can't know, because I don't work in the kitchen, but I am fairly certain this patty came from frozen. I should have been concerned when the waitress didn't ask how I liked my meat cooked (medium rare, if you must know) but I recieved a burger done medium-well and it was absolutely dry. I couldn't finish it. I ate the fries, which were nothing to write home about either. They also forgot to include the jalapenos, which were supposed to come as a topping... I guess this kind of burger would be acceptable for a Harvey's or something, where you get what you pay for (6$ for a pre-formed patty and some fries) but for 14 bucks I'd much rather go to another pub where they will actually give me a decent, nay, excellent burger. There are plenty of pubs in the downtown core who charge similar prices and have MASSIVE, home-made burgers which can be cooked to your specifications. It was my first time there and, considering how many pubs and restaurants are in that area, I will never return.
2	If it comes down to Les 3 Brasseurs or Hurley's, which is right down the street, I'll pick Hurley's every time. This place is very generic and unexciting. The vibe is mediocre at best, the food is ordinary and lacking in flavor and the service is more or less non-existent. Also, somewhat overpriced. Not for me.
2	it was roughly twelve thousand degrees out and my husband and I were in serious need of some air conditioning and cold beer. It really wasn't even that cold in the place and I asked if they had AC on, but it was comfortable for a short while. The beer was good, not great. I thought the blonde version had a nice fruity note to it and the brown beer was described as my husband as "okay." My chicken wrap sandwich was nearly inedible. After a couple bites, I had to stop. The nachos were....nachos. Nothing more to say here. There are probably much better places to eat but I wouldn't say no to stopping in for a drink.
3	If you are a tourist on your first day in Montreal and hungry this is a good place. Friendly, but not the best.
2	This has got to be the weirdest waitressing experience I have ever had. This was the Friday lunch with the colleagues. We get to the main entrance and ask if there is room on the terrace. Response: No. You have to go all around to McGill College and ask yourself. We get to terrace and ask the waitress if there is room on the terrace. Response: No. We then ask her if there is room in the main restaurant. Response: No. You have to ask yourself. What kind of restaurant does not have a communication system of some sort where waiters can ask each other whether they have tables left?! Moving on. We get a table inside. We managed to order our food very quickly. I asked for no tomatoes on my burger and yet I got them. My colleague asked for no onions on her sandwich and yet she got them. We asked a busboy to give us some forks and knives. He said: Ask your waiter. In the end, we got them OURSELVES and I noticed how it made our waiter a little nervous.  The food: My burger was a little dry. I make better burgers than this one and yet I am not a fantastic cook. I think my colleagues liked their pizzas. It was definitely overpriced. I'm not a beer person but the people who had a beer said they were average. Conclusion: Will not go back unless someone asks me too, because there is a hockey game on or something. Actually, I would probably try to convince them to go elsewhere. P.-S. When you leave the restaurant there is a little station where you can press a button to show your (dis)satisfaction. Needless to say we all pressed the red :( button very enthusiastically.
3	We were two hot and tired tourists who needed to eat RIGHT NOW. We were on St. Catherine's.  The place we'd planned to dine at was closed.  We were seated, and I almost thought it was a mistake to come here. It looks like an aging Bennigans.  I was ready to bolt when our waiter came to take care of us.  I am glad we stayed.  Our flatbread style pizza was delicous!! The crust was thin, and the cheese had a delicous flavor that mixed nicely  with the vegetables on the dish.  We also had salad (ok for 3.49) and onion rings.  My dining partner ordered the onion rings, and it wasn't until the bill came that I saw the price:  8.99!!!! Our server stated that it was because it was real beer batter.  Well, I still don't think that justifies 8.99 for onion rings!! At any rate, it was a solid choice that afternoon.
3	Came here on a Saturday night during labour day weekend, the service wasn't good, but the place was busy. We were seated and it took about 20 minutes until a server waited on us. I had the braised lamb shank and it was okay.
4	All what i was expecting from a brewery. Good beer, decent burger, nice waitress... What does a men more need?
4	Great amber ale and slow roasted pork shank was good and tasty but had more fat than meat, came with mashed potatoes, sauerkraut and vegetables.
4	A brasserie should be judged atmosphere, menu and beer.  Les 3 Brasseurs delivers on all of those elements, especially the beer.A friend and I had just arrived to town after a long drive from Boston, and needed to find something in a pinch.  It's conveniently located 2 blocks from our hotel, and even on a busy Friday night, we were seated right away.All of the beers we had were not only delicious, but actually impressive.  The food (fish and chips, beef bourguigon) was also quite good. The service was prompt and friendly, even for a couple of crass Americans like us.All in all, I'd recommend this place in a heartbeat.  If you're looking for a quick bite, a great beer in a convenient location, you really can't go wrong.
4	Great place. Open air seating along the sidewalk and outside. Some tv's in bar but they need more and bigger screens. Food was good. Pretty wide selection of food types. Pizza, burgers, salads etc.. Our server Stefanos M.  was amazing!!
3	one of the better 3 brasseurs i find. service was unexpectedly fast for the servers being crushed. and the food was fine nothing special but not terrible either.
4	Great find in old city. After an entire day of hiking up Mont Royal and back down into the downtown area... I was tired, cold and ready for food & drink!Their beer was delicious. I got the blonde, boyfriend got the red. I preferred mine over his b/c I'm not a big fan of hops... and let me tell you, the blonde was delicious. We like beer a lot and can say this beer was outstanding.The food was good. We got the poutin prepared Quebecois style and one of their "pizzas". The pizza was fine. Thinking I was being "cool" I told the waitress we did not need an English menu so it was a surprise that the pizza did not have red sauce. Just cheese, peppers & sausage. It was still good and I was hungry, but I might have considered something a little more filling had I known.Our waitress, Emily, was great too. Very nice and was helpful pointing us in the direction of the Metro and gave us a GREAT recommendation for a dinner spot near our hotel (see my review of Barraca).Lastly, this spot was huge, lots of wood, tv screens and would be great for groups, kids & hoards of men lol. Definitely recommend!
4	The staff was so nice and helpful.  Our food was average, but the beer was delicious.
2	I just finished the "pulled" pork sandwich. It was shredded pork mixed up with some sub-standard BBQ sauce. The food so far has been nothing remarkable. I attempted to order a pitcher of beer, but I was told no, as she assumed I meant of water. She left before I could say "of blonde".  The server doesn't speak any English and probably did not attend any post primary education. She will not be receiving a tip from me, and I usually tip a generous 20%. Every aspect of this establishment is of two star value, as.d 2 stars it shall get. The beer, the very namesame of the chain, is a surprising two and a half star. Hopefully this shared pitcher will be enough to help me expel the food I so sorrowfully payed for.
3	Have tried both Montreal locations and I will say they are almost identical in quality of food and beer; which is great for a chain since you always know what you will get. The atmosphere is nice, very brew pub. They have TV's in the bar and brewing equipment visible through out the place. They also have pallets of bags of malt out in the restaurant, kind of neat to see what they use. Overall the place was clean and all the staff were very friendly and helpful with any questions we might have had. They have menus in either French or English and all their food items have a symbol of the type of beer they recommend to pair the food with.On to the food, I would say it is fairly normal pub food. They have burgers, flat bread pizzas, sandwiches etc... The few items I have had have been good, nothing to complain about but at the same time nothing to write home about. As far as the beer I would say it is so-so. Not bad, not really exceptional, especially since is a brew pub. Their recipes are probably developed for a wide audience since they have so many locations, this probably makes the beer just average since they try to appeal to everybody. They only have about 5 beers which they just call by the style they are; I wish they had more. Would be neat if they had the standard beers and then let the brewer design one or two brews just for their location. Maybe they do and I totally missed it.
3	...ended up here after doing a hike/walk around McGill U. Wasn't my first choice, but my friends were already seated and had ordered by the time I showed up. It has a vague-Heartland Brewery-esque feel to it (NYC reference for those that know) - a little contrived, authenticity wagging it's finger, with only partial affect, in covering up it's commercialism.But look - you're new to Montreal - you've just done some heavy duty shopping in the area - and you're looking for a spot with guaranteed seating, some brews, some food - Les 3 Brasseurs isn't your worst bet.Charcuterie - adequateFlammekueches - decent (flat bread pizza - very thin crust)Pork shank, sausage, ham combo - in the words of Anthony Bourdain - definitely a dish to make you feel funky fresh (don't plan on moving much after consuming this)Beers abound - go here for a drink.A little bit like a much higher level TGIF - as I noted before - Heartland Brewery-esque.
4	Great place.  Poutines are awesome!  I am a beer snob and I usually lean towards IPA's, but decided to try the Amber.  It was clean, fresh and one of the best tasting draughts I have had in a long time!  Service was top notch
4	Great ambiance, friendly staff, good drinks and great food. This is a good location and I love going there. This is the place to go for a beer on a nice summer night. The place is a little small so people are close together and the music is very loud so I wouldn't go there for a romantic date but rather for a good time out with friends. Beer is very good and the food was ok. I tried the flamms (thin pizza) and I wasn't impress at all with them.
4	This is a great place to go. May not be the typical food to eat in Montreal but hey who cares. They have great food and great BEER. The staff is friendly and speak English. Bonus for a guy like me who has a hard time with the English language, don't think I can ever learn another language. Come check this place out. You'll like it.
2	I went to the one in Laval and agree with others who say, nice ambiance but mediocre food at best.  I was with a large group of about 40 kids/parents.  We had a spacious area to use which is often difficult to find and the staff were only slightly stressed at such a large group.  Two of us had our orders forgotten and mine, when it was finally delivered was incorrect so they had to remake it  (I ordered one kind of burger and they brought another).   By the time I had my meal the other 40 people were all done.  I had hoped they would adjust my bill but of course they didn't.... I had to ask for a manager to come and take it off my bill.  The waiter and waitress both thought it was completely reasonable that I should expect to pay full price for a meal that they messed up twice, "well, did you eat the burger?".  This would have been how they were trained to handle such situations so I don't blame just them.   Others around me were not impressed with their food.  No one raved about how good anything was and several expressed disappointment with their meals.
3	Decent pub grub for all. Service is a bit slow but the food is ok. We tried the french onion soup, Poutine and salads along w cassoulet. Everyone enjoyed their food. They have many beers to choose from. Good place if u appreciate that.
3	The service was alright but got the flammekueches and it was very delicious. The ambience and overall atmosphere is fun and a lot of menu options to choose from. I would return to perhaps try one of their burgers.
5	I have lived in Montreal for several years and every time I come back to the city I do not miss the chance to go to 3 Brasseurs. I prefer this location (St. Catherine/McGill College) but have been to all of them (St. Denis one, Old Port, Crescent, Laval etc). I do not think there has been a single time in the maybe 20-30 visits minimum that I was ever disappointed. No joke. Beer is always excellent and they make their own. Any of them would do. My gf loves the beer cocktails they make she always has a few when we go. As for the food, I always love getting the Flammkueche (flatbread pizzas) which are incredible. Has other things as well, such as the chicken skewers, burgers or pork - and again never was disappointed. One thing that they could improve on is their poutine - not the top I've had in Quebec...All in all - everytime I go to Montreal I must have some 3 Brasseurs - and everytime I leave a happy camper!
4	I ordered a blonde beer and a 12 oz N.Y. strip loin steak. The food was good, but what really won me over was the homemade beer. It was crisp and light and just plain better than anything I've had from a bottle or can. A microbrewery restaurant that lives up to its name.
1	I very rarely write a one star review. This place is horrid. I mean it. I really really do. We sat outside on the terrace and it took a really long time for the waitress to come over. The Diet Cola was flat which was unfortunate. We waited over 45 minutes for the food to come and when it did, it was very disappointing. My fish and chips was ice cold, the fries under done, the fish greasy, soggy, and not crispy. The salad that my boyfriend ordered was good he said (along with his beer), and was quite pleased with his meal which made me happy at least. I told the waitress and she took the beer off the bill. Why not the offending fish!!?? Very confused. Anyway, it still cost us $40. Everyone around us waited equally as long for their food and none of it looked fresh or edible from what I could see. At least the seared tuna salad which was ordered by us was passable, if not pretty good. I have no idea because I didn't taste it - but my Honey said it had good flavor. This place is very poor. Please do yourself a favor and run very far away from this establishment.
1	This is my very first 1 star review, but this place deserves it. Service was slow, we couldn't order appetizers because we were told they would take as long to cook as the main course (??), and they took almost 20 minutes to get a waiter to take our order. Other issues were flat soda, no ice, and a lack of butter for bread. For making beer on the premises, the amber beer I ordered was, to be frank, not good. For the main course I ordered pork shank, which might as well been called pork fat shank, as there was more of it than the actual meat. Everyone's else's meals were lackluster as well. To put it simply, we spoke to a local the next day who said we would have been better off eating at McDonald's. Enough said.
3	Tried La Moulin Rouge and it was okay. The place was a bit too packed and noisy though. We'd probably still go back for the beer.
3	I've ate at les trois brasseurs several times in the past but this time didn't enjoy it very much. The portion size has definitely gone down. I ordered the trois brasseur burger and it comes with a tiny bowl of fries. In the last there used to be a fairly large portion of fries and now it is very little. I was still hungry after eating and needed to order an appetizer. The appetizers are over priced compared to most restaurants as well. I may go back someday if I have friends going but definitely would not make it top of my list. Oh and I was given such a small amt of sauce that I didn't have enough for the burger itself :( The waitress didn't come around much and only seemed friendly when it was time to pay bill because of the tip probably.
2	Usual pub fare..nothing special here. I had the fish and chips and was rather disappointed ;more batter than fish. French fries were no better than the frozen kind that you heat in the oven. My friend had the chicken Caesar salad and she said it was ok .Won't be bothering to return on next visit to Montreal
4	Stopped by her for drinks randomly while roaming the city. Definitely has brew-house feel to it which is pretty cool. Didn't try much food outside of the nachos, which were ok, but again my tunnel vision was set on the beer. The blonde belgium pale ale was pretty good and extremely . The blonde tasted like a light version of leffe blond. They also had these beer cocktails which were an interesting twisted on a typical brew house like beer & whiskey, beer & grenadine, and some other odd mixtures.Overall the place is pretty good and the servers were really nice  and were pretty attentive.
2	Went here for some drinks with friends. Interestingly, for a pub-style restaurant, there was very little beer choices. Also, they did not serve Patron Silver, which kind of shocked me. The service was very slow. Our server spent more time trying to turn his tables instead of serving the customers who had been there for a while. Reading other reviews on here, it seems as if service speed is a problem. Still, it seemed like our server might have had too large of a section. The reason I give this place two stars instead of one is because the food was pretty good. Still, nearly took 45 minutes for a calamari appetizer to come out, which is ridiculous. This place has a lot of potential, but there are some obvious problems.
4	Came here again...improved quite a bit. Maybe it was just the server we had the last time I was here, but this time they were quick an attentive. Food was spot on, and also the drinks came out quickly. It still isn't an "amazing" place, but it is good pub food with a German twist to it.
1	Great beer Terrible service manager is a complete idiot. I came last night to have beer on terrace and they said they were closed so I went to bar. I came again to have beer on terrace and they said since I was not eating I could not be seated on terrace. Apparently they feel I am not spending enough money to be seated on terrace. The manager claims there is some rule saying I cannot be seated on terrace unless I eat. I had just eaten and I just wanted beer. I'm really pissed off and the manager is an asshole and a useless piece of shit.I will never come back and they can keep their beer and terrace and stuff it.
3	Good place hangout with friends, if you love to drink then this place is good for you. You can taste some different beers.Their food is not bad, but depends. Same order you can taste various flavor if you go different days. So I guess they change their chef.I like the place for the look. It's a place you should try at least once.
4	We stayed one block away from Rue St. Catherine and we just happened into this place after passing up a few pricier spots. It was very busy when we went but we happened to get a nice window seat streetside. Our waitress was very polite and spoke English perfectly,  she was a good help in advising our beer and meal selections. The beer was great, cold and fresh and tasted like craft beer should,  I had the Blonde Ale and my boyfriend had the Amber. The food was also up to par and very flavorful. The French dip sandwich was tasty and we'll cooked. The service was at a reasonable speed comparable to how busy the place was. I would eat there again.
1	We visited this establishment after a recommendation with a friend. In all honesty I would have rather gone home and cooked my own meal.We arrived and waited roughly five minutes at the door to be seated. The hostess was very friendly and accommodating (some of our party spoke english only, some french). We were seated next to the kitchen doors and our server came, made some beer recommendations and took out drink orders. We were not asked if we wanted water, no forks or knives, napkins were given. After about 15 minutes our drinks FINALLY arrived, only delivered by a different server. He gave us our drinks and walked away. We had to call him back to place our food orders. The entire time we were ordering he was rude.He made rude comments under his breath when HE misunderstood what someone was trying to order, when asked to make an order without onions he replied very rudely that "If it's on the menu than that's what comes on it, We do not make substitutions at all".We are roughly a 25 minutes into our dinner experience now. No water, No napkins, no drink refills,  nothing. Ten minutes later the awful server returns with place mats, forks and knives. One of our party asks for a napkin as her drink was sticky and making a mess. He turns his mats over to show he has napkins, rolls his eyes and scoffs.The starter comes, and it was cold. Honestly I wasn't surprised.Finally our food arrives (brought out by the kitchen staff? not the waiter?). 2 orders of fish and chips (cold), A "texas burger" with cold greasy onion rings on top and cold fries, a "California Burger" with ice cold fries,soggy bun, and a black slice of avocado. I would have complained but surprise surprise, our server was nowhere to be seen.We finished eating and a DIFFERENT server came to collect our dishes, offered us another drink, desert and coffee. She was very friendly and if I could have tipped her and the hostess I would have. I will never be returning to this establisment ever. I will tell anyone who asks about it to avoid it like the plague. I have had a better dining experience at Burger King. In short, Terrible food and even worse service.
2	Les 3 Brasseurs is a pretty average restaurant.  The food's alright, the service is alright, the beer's alright, the atmosphere is alright (as long as you don't mind the really loud volume).  It's too expensive and well-known for what it is, but I wouldn't call it bad.
1	Never again.. Mom uses a rollator coz she has a hard time walking. The girl in the reception is giving us a weird look.. Like she has never seen a rollator in her life.. Making us feel uncomfortable.. Then the other girl with her (curly hair) made us walk around and insisted that she will take the rollator back and leave it at the front.. This rollator can be folded but i guess they are that ignorant. Then she went back and talk to the ignorant girl at reception.. And started looking back at us ehile they whisper at each other.. Never again!!!! I come here in a regular basis every time I get sent to Montreal for work since my hotel is close by.. But not anymore.
3	Our starving yet patient family of four came upon Les 3 Brasseurs after trying to book many other restaurants. Fortunately, we didn't have to wait long to be seated. However the service was quite slow because we had one polite and helpful waitress for about 20 tables.  The bar scene looked fun for 20 somethings, the restaurant was giant, like a fancier version of Chili's.  With more staff and a healthier menu, this could be a fantastic family restuarant for Vieux Montreal. Good fallback for a family.
