1	I just wish there was a lower star you give for companies. Stay away!! The whole Idea to have a home warranty is cover the home when things go wrong. All you get from this company is excuses after excuses. Sometimes things are covered and most of the time the part that breaks is almost 100% of time not covered, or they have to order the part which takes anywhere from three weeks to a month. Seriously, you can go buy the parts on line and have them shipped the next day.  They are a waste of your time and money.
4	Our compressor blew on our A/C one afternoon, so I called Homelife late one evening to start the claim process. Everything was of course automated and easy to follow. I had an email in my inbox very early the next morning (non-emergency situation) explaining the next steps, and received a call from a local HVAC contractor before 11am. I called Homelife once that day, and they quickly answered the question I had. Good news was the part was covered under our warranty, so we only paid the $50 service charge. The A/C technician told my wife the repair would've cost $300-$400 if we didn't have the coverage. Reviewing the warranty company's action, I was pleased with the response time and action taken by them to get the ball rolling. We only had no A/C for one night :).
1	I'm only giving this review 1 Star because the system won't post without a star. Where do I begin?.. I switched to Homelife Protection home warranty last Sept 2012 since my other Warranty co price was going to increase sharply and previous service call experiences were unsatisfactory. Today I called Homelife to get service ASAP due to Water heater not working since Saturday. I even submitted a claim online. Never recieved an email reply showing recieved and being handled ASAP. Called Monday morning and was advised they would have someone call me shortly and explained it may cost me an additional $850.00 for replacement of water heater if has to be replaced. Now in the details of what is covered it states they cover up to $500. for water heaters. I had already priced water heaters at 2 different places and found them priced from aprox $218.00 and up.  The warranty co had advised the installation and additional parts needed are not included and i would also still need to pay the $45.00 service call. I advised I had read that they can opt to pay us the $ instead for the replacement. Now this is where it gets interesting. The warranty advisor checked our acct and stated there had been NO Payments since Oct 2012.  I advised that's impossible since I was set up on Auto draft since acct set up last Sept 2012. I looked at my checking acct on line all the way back to Oct and found yes indeed that was last payment they drafted. How I hadn't noticed ..not sure. I asked why they had stopped drafting my acct and they claimed there was a "general error code" and it effected not just me. I asked why didn't they contact me via phone and or email. They claimed they did try to call me. But somehow they had wrong phone # when I asked them to verify # they had been calling. I asked why they didn't email me then? They claimed "we don't do that" then why do they keep my email on file in the 1st place? Hmmmmm. But they  were prompt to state they could take 2 months payment over the phone right then to resolve the issue. I told them NO Thanks! You've already shown your Incompetence as a Company and I will No Longer be doing business with them! Needless to say I got a Brand New Water heater for just $259.00 today from an appliance store and my husband installed it per instructions. So the moral of the story is:A Home Warranty is Worthless and will cost you more $$ in 99% of the cases!..Especially one like HomeLife.
1	STAY AWAY! Stay far away! They use unethical contractors, and, when you complain, the boss will call to threaten to drop you from coverage. Go with American Home Shield, instead.
1	Do not use this company.  I own an electrical company and have been trying to collect payment for work we have done with this company month ago.  We have sent multiple email's and call to try to collect and have still not been paid in full.  BE AWARE!!!
1	The sales manager, Robert, at extension 101, is rude and dishonest. They won't necessarily lie but they will omit the information that will make you go elsewhere, such as the loop holes they omit to avoid paying claims. Claims department is good people but the sales folks are frauds. And very insulting and rude. I filed complaints under the BBB. Move along and find a better warranty company.
1	RUN from this company. do NOT use them for home warranty. they are horrible. they have zero after hours coverage, will not call you back, then told me if I wanted emergency service, my copay would be $150-300 instead of the standard copay. then they never bothered to call back with a vendor on the weekend and it was an emergency. I called and called and got an answering service (what home warranty company is closed by 5pm and has no call center hours after hours/weekends?
1	Have to take these guys to court....is giving them a zero star an option?  I have been without ac in half my house for a month and a half.  It took sending out 4 of their own guys to come to the conclusion that they would pay no more than $ 500 for a $3500 repair...and that was after I had to get two outside opinions on my own dime and provide 2 years of maintenence proof.  Even after all that was done...they continue to be rude and unethical....even though i have a recording of Robert telling my fiance the unit would be covered in full where Anthony and Kevin said nothing will be covered....expect a slap in the face $500.
1	DO NOT SIGN WITH THIS GUYS!!! THE WORST COMPANY I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!so after taking my money 400$ per 10 months i had problem with my washer..they sent someone to give them estimate, well the problem was big and he told them that they will have to change the washer. to another used one or fix it for 700$ get another used washer was probably about the same price..after they found out that this deal is too much for them they told me that my broken washer is too old to be cover on the warranty. i told them that that was the reason i bought the insurance so if something will be wrong so i dont have to be warry about it.after all i had to change my washer by myself and because im a home owner that living out of the state i had to drive all the way to my las vegas take hotel spend a lot of money and go all the way back to LA the total i was paying for it was 1260$   700washer+160gas+250hotel+150delivery .THIS GUYS DONT CARE ABOUT YOU and have NO responsibility for the customers.and absolutely do not respect the contract!!!
1	Like others, I wish I could give zero stars. I am a property mgr and real estate agent and this is by far the WORST, most dishonest and unprofessional company I have every dealt with. Speaking with them, especially Anthony, is like being in the twilight zone. I'm not sure if he has a mental issue or is on drugs but every time I have dealt with this guy it leads to an argument and him hanging up on me. He yelled at me and told me to do my job and if i did, the maintenance wouldn't be happening. Really? In addition, this warranty doesn't seem to cover anything. I deal with warranties all day long and I have never seen a warranty deny so many services in my life. RUN from this company and don't look back. I don't even know how they are still in business
