4	I'll start this one out with four stars. I've been to yard house many times in California, however it's now in Las Vegas in the town square center. This place was packed, sure the games were on and with a place having 160 beers on tap one could imagine it would be. This is their strong point, all their beers on tap and they have tastings of the different beers as well. Workers have good personality and the food is brought out quickly.
3	I've been to their location in Long Beach before & enjoyed it.  This is a nice addition to the area solely because of the outdoor seating. This time of year, I base my dining options on outdoor seating availability.  I'll sit outside when it's 105.  I love fresh air!Anyway, a few of us stopped in for a drink & a snack one night.  The service was blah, she mixed up our beers (dark & light) & the food blah as well.  Calamari boring.  Spinach Dip, too much pre chopped, undercooked garlic flavor.  Blah.  Having enjoyed it in CA we thought to give it another try.  This time we took the in-laws in town from the UK.  They were in need of a good pint or two.  Our experience was a lot better this time.  Our server was still a little blah, as if she wasn't comfortable interacting with her tables.  She was fairly competent at least.  The food was good for it being a chain.  In fact it's probably the best chain food out there, but truthfully I just go for the beer.  I'll go back to drink & eat...
4	Beer 5 stars...  Happy Hour 5 stars (1/2 price beers and appetizers from 3-6PM)...  Food 3 stars.I really enjoy this Yard House, but it is almost a carbon copy of the others I have been too (which is not a bad thing).  There are tons of TVs.  The food is good but not great.   The pricing is probably $1-2 too much for what you get, but you are paying for the newness and location.I came right after the grand opening during the NCAA tourney, and it was fun to drink and watch the slew of games on all of the TVs.I thought the servers were fun... my drink was never empty.
4	For my first time at a Yard House, I was very impressed. It reminded me of BJ's, but it was more of a college/older crowd place rather than a place you can bring your family. We went here during their happy hour, 3-6 pm Monday-Friday. Appetizers were 1/2 off, as well as beer/martinis. I tried the Pomegranate Martini, which was excellent! I love pom juice, and this drink didn't make my face squint. I couldn't even taste the alcohol! By the end of the night, I had my Asian glow face after a few sips from my glass. GEEZ! It was that good!For appetizers, my friends and I had an array of different foods: blue crab cakes, ham and pineapple pizza, firecracker wings, buffalo wings, chicken lettuce wrap, garlic noodles, sliders, and spicy tuna roll. All of the appetizers were pretty good.I was also able to try their Raspberry beer, Lindemans Framboise. It was mighty tasty, and again tasted like juice. I also found out you can make floats out of the draft beers. Maybe the chocolate stout with vanilla ice cream? YUM!I definitely would come back here and bring another group of friends. BTW, you can call ahead Thurs-Sun to get a table.
4	An all-inclusive place to hang out, eat, drink, and watch the latest sports on their multiple TVs!  With it being Vegas, no dress code or cover charge means it will be very popular!Walking in on a Saturday night, expect a wait of at least an hour because that's how long we waited for our party of four.  Call ahead to get yourself on the list since they don't take reservations for parties less than 10!  If you're lucky, you can squeeze yourself over by the bar and try one of their 100 to 250 beers on tap.  They say they do offer the "World's Largest Selection of Draft Beer."  You can order it by the pint or half yard, but watch out if you break the half yard glass; it'll cost you an extra $10!  But if you want a sampling, request their six-pack.  It's a weekly rotating variety of six different beers so you can get a taste of each.The best seats are in the booths, which can fit five comfortably.  The tables in the middle are for the big parties, but you're constantly being bumped into as people and staff attempt to squeeze on by.We went for a variety of appetizers to share:* Grilled Jamaican Wings: "tossed in jerk spices with rum bbq sauce" $10.25 - A generous amount of wings, but not enough of that sauce.  Full of flavor though and tasty!* Firecracker Wings: "tossed in a spicy sesame garlic plum glaze" $10.25 - Favored over the Jamaican wings because of the spice kicker.* Grilled Hearts of Romaine: "topped with red onions, candied walnuts and a gorgonzola champagne vinaigrette" $8.95 - Good enough to share with really nice walnuts and yummy dressing.  Even the guys in our group were fighting over it!* Baby Leaf Spinach: "portabella mushrooms, red onions, smoked gouda, tomatoes, croutons, and balsamic vinaigrette" $7.95 - Not enough portabella mushrooms, but I like the Gouda.* Lobster, Crab & Artichoke Dip: "main lobster, blue crab and artichoke hearts baked with a four cheese blend served with tortilla chips and grilled flat bread" $11.45 - Good dip, but not the most popular dish we ordered.* Barnaise Sliders: "four mini burgers made from Naturewell Natural Angus Beef served with fried onions, barnaise sauce, fries and pickle $9.95 - The fried onions make it taste really good, although the side of barnaise sauce sure doesn't hurt.  Even the thin fries taste good!* Classic Sliders: "four mini burgers made from Naturewell Natural Angus Beef served with cheddar cheese, our house special sauce, fries and pickle" $9.95 - Only okay after you try the Barnaise ones, stick to that one instead.  * Fresh Baked Brownie: "topped with mint chocolate chip, caramel or vanilla ice cream" $7.95 - Takes about fifteen minutes and meant for sharing.* Draft Beer Float: "Lindeman's Framboise with vanilla ice cream" $6.50 - Like a root beer float, but with Lindeman's.They do offer regular entrees like sandwiches, steaks, burgers, chicken, pizza, and seafood.  There's bound to be something on the menu for everyone, which makes this place a good choice.  The noise level is over the top though and you'll find yourself screaming to be heard.  (Not exactly the best place for a date if you're sitting across from each other.  But a good place to check out people and possibly make some new friends.  We ran into quite a few people we knew that Saturday night, so it's definitely a hopping place!)Since I'm still not a beer drinker, I like the Yard House because they serve up Lindeman's ($8, in a goblet) and Wyder's.  I can drink something I enjoy while everyone else is having their rounds of beer.They do offer Happy Hours: Monday through Friday, 3 pm to 6 pm; Sunday through Wednesday, 11 pm to close. Select appetizers are half-priced and drinks are discounted.  After 11 pm on Friday and Saturday nights, it's 21 years and older.  The crowd does change a bit and the skirts become shorter.  There's even a line outside by then, so come in earlier and get yourself acquainted at the bar.This place is kid-friendly since they do offer a kids' menu and their "Kids Klub."  But you probably don't want to take them here on weekend nights.Update! 05/31/08 - This time tried their (Mac & Cheese)2 "roasted chicken breast, applewood bacon, wild mushrooms, cheddar and parmesan cheese with castellane pasta and white truffle oil."  Next time, I'm going to skip the chicken because it's dried out.  But so yummy though when you get past the poultry part.
4	Fun place to go for drinks and good times with friends!  I agree that the Happy Hour from 3-6 pm is definitely pretty sweet.  Can't go wrong with 1/2 on appetizers and drinks.  For appetizers, we tried the Onion Rings, California Roll, Fried Chicken Strips, Fried Calamari, Spicy Tuna Roll, and Blue Crab Cakes.  Onion Rings, Fried Calamari, and Blue Crab Cakes were all nice & crispy.  Fried Chicken Strips came with fries and were good as well, but nothing out of the ordinary.  The California Roll and Spicy Tuna Roll were interesting, in that their presentation was unlike that of those you see in a sushi restaurant.  They actually came as one huge, cut sushi piece, kind of like a cake or a tart.  The presentation was pretty unique, but the taste was also good but nothing really special.  If I was really craving sushi, I'd probably go check out normal sushi places like Osaka, Sushi Club, or something along those lines.  For drinks, I've tried the Mangolicious Martini, the Malibu Peach Martini, Blue Moon beer, and Wyder's Raspberry Cider.  I'm usually not a huge beer drinker, but the Wyder's was good...nice raspberry taste! Of course, looove the martinis!  And to top it all off, we all shared a Kona Coffee Ice Cream Sundae, which was to die for!!! I would definitely be hitting up Yard House a lot for Happy Hour with different groups of friends in the future.
5	Used to go to Yard House in California, and was stoked when I heard they were opening one up in Vegas.  Amazing selection of beers -- I'm not even a big beer drinker, but even I can find a unique beer to enjoy.  Their happy hour is truly amazing... the list of food goes on a mile long, and it was all delicious.  Now they just need to open a Yard House closer to my house.
5	This may very well be my new favorite place to hang out in Vegas! Proof: I just went here two nights in a row. ;)My friends and I went here after they finished their finals week. There is usually a line to get in, but it's only because they are checking IDs and giving you wristbands. The bouncers are pretty friendly, no elitism at this joint, no cover like at Blue Martini which is just upstairs.Drinks: I seriously think they sell the cheapest drinks at Vegas. I was able to get vodka tonics for just $5 each...seriously? I can get 3 for the price of ONE as compared to one of the pricey clubs on the strip. I didn't really eat a meal here, but I did nibble on my friend's bbq chicken salad, which was delicious. The alcohol I drank induced french fry cravings, so my friend and I split an order of their fries. The fries weren't the big thick fries you get normally, but they were still really good with ketchup and ranch dressing. The wait staff are very attentive and friendly, also very accommodating. We were in a large group on Friday, and they are not allowed to give separate checks, but she had no problem giving me one.My only gripe about this place is that the music is REALLY loud as it gets later into the night and you have to basically shout across the table to hold any kind of conversation. It's also nearly impossible to find parking around Town Square on Fri and Sat nights, but I guess that comes with the territory. Also, it's kind of hard to walk in and get a table at peak hours, so I would recommend making a reservation for a larger group.If you are looking for a good place to chill with friends, AND cheap cheap cheap drinks, this is DEFINITELY the place to go.
2	Being a Orange County girl, I used to go the Yard House in (Triangle Square) Costa Mesa quit often... I thought the Yard House in Las Vegas would be the same, but I was more of a let down.  I tried the grilled Korean BBQ Beef and it was horribly fatty, by the time I cut the fat off, there was hardly any meat remaining. If the atmosphere was more like the one in Triangle Square, I probably wouldn't have focused on the food as much as  I did.By the time our bill arrived, we had over $70 for nothing good. I  probably wont ever go to the Yard House in Vegas again...
3	We had wanted to try this place since it's opening, but finally hit a night with a shorter wait.  I thought my NY Steak Salad was very good, but my husband ordered the Jerk. Enchilada Stack and did not care for it.  My friends that were with us had the Mac and Cheese and the fish and Chips.  The fish was salty and the chicken in the pasta dish was bland and had no flavor, which was my husband's main complaint with the Jerk Enchilada Stack.  The server we had was okay, professional and doing his job.   We felt that for the lengthy wait, the food should at least have more flavor.   Seemed a tad overpriced for what you get.
4	Very cool place to hang out. They have a pretty good Happy Hour and they have a great selection of beer.  The food is good, not spectacular and kinda pricey. However, this is the newest Las Vegas locals kick-it spot, so it's more about the experience than anything else. Be forewarned, it goes get packed on the weekends, so be ready to wait an hour to an hour and a half.
4	This is a fun place with great food, huge variety of draft beers, amazing happy hour!!  It was even better a couple of months ago before it got too crowded to even get a seat.  I guess that helps explain how good it is (or, wait, I think it is just because of Town Square).  I just liked it a lot more initially because it was a chill local place to go, but now its just like all the tourist places - packed and unwelcoming!!  I may still go there though for the good late-nite happy hour, only as long as they continue to accept reservations.
4	This place is always crowded.  It seems as though TownSquare is the new hip spot at the moment as I write this.  Plenty of beers to choose from.  I probably haven't heard of 70% of the beers on the list.  The food's pretty good, and the prices are decent.  It would be a lot better if there weren't so many people, but I guess that's how it goes now.
4	So I was here w/ a few friends watching the C's/Lakers game a few weeks ago and I'm drinking a 1/2 yard of Pabst.  Well..we're about pretty much done w/ our 1st round of beers and looking to order some food when I accidentally tipped my pretty much empty 1/2 yard glass over shattering it on the table.  4 staff people hurry to the table like there's a virus on the loose and clean everything up in 45 seconds...AND THEN they offer us a free round on them because they're worried about glass in the beers.  Wait..didn't I break the glass??  Weren't our beers pretty much done??  How are we getting rewarded for this??  Ummmm..ok..SURE!!!So 5 stars for the service!!  I guess if you're hard up for cash and want a free round that you could intentionally break a glass there....
4	yard house is like any other brewery with a bunch of beers available on tap, since i don't really drink beer I ordered the spanish peaks honey raspberry, and he ordered the house honey blonde which I liked better than mine, we also had the korean short ribs appetizer, lobster garlic noodles yum! and porcini crusted halibut yum too! Both entrees were really good...too bad i didn't save room for dessert**the server was very friendly and efficient, and another plus for the sizes of the booths and music choice (A-ha take on me)
4	It was a bit hard to choose between 3 or 4 stars but 4 stars only cause of what they have on tap.I'm sure for like many, I was there for a movie and went to go grab a beer prior to the show.  We sat at the bar and ordered Ephemer, they didn't have it. (the only reason why I went there in the first place) got the Sam Adams summer ale instead.  Ordered wings but took like 20 mins for the staff to realize the printer was broken in the kitchen. 10 mins later, by the time we actually got the wings the movie was starting in 5min, so we decided to catch the next showing.  For those of you that like only the drum stick and not the wing of the chicken, this would be perfect.  They only serve the drum sticks that are breaded.  I would assume because they had to get it out of the kitchen so fast the chicken was not done all the way.  Still had a bit of pink by the bones.  We did not finish it.  They did take the wings off the check but the service was not as attentive as I would expect in a place where they have such an exotic selection of beers.  For someone that does not know about beers would feel intimidated and inclined to just order a bud light cause of the lack of help.  Overall it was not the best first impression, but they have a great product and I will visit again for the beers.
3	This place is hopping!Maybe over The Top. "Beer Menu"?I went for a "sampler". 2 versions, one is lighter (which I had), the other is heavier.$8.95 for 6 small glasses of beers from San Francisco - Alaska.It was good.Food Looked great. I didn't eat. Just there to check it out. Hard to tell who wasn't on business in the crowd due to all of the credit card purchases (or debit maybe?). Suspect though there were locals.Nice room. BIG! Screens everywhere with piped in Vid's. Music, I heard Foghat, Alice Cooper, and......lost track.Good crowd. 20's -30's. It was Saturday night.It's on the South side of Town Square (near the Airport). Just behind Guitar Center & Rave Motion Pictures.Food looked Great!! Prices? Didn't look.Yard House. Get's it's name from the Yard tall glasses you can get a beer in. Looks like a hassle to me.Definitely hopping place!!And a lot of Tap's to choose from.I don't know if they have any of their own Brews though. If not, they should. If not I should also deduct a Star.........
4	This place is always poppin and there is always a wait to get a table.  I usually try to avoid super crowded spots but this one really is worth the wait.  They have an amazing happy hour with over 100+ beers on tap!  Better yet is the food.  Everything I've tasted is simply to die for.  My favorite is the Lobster Garlic Noodles - huge chunks of lobster, crab, and shrimp - I couldn't ask for more!  The only thing preventing me for giving 5 stars is the wait... but it's constant max. capacity only affirms everything I just wrote.
4	Pretty good place, a classier alternative to an applebees or chilis. Quite a diverse menu, surprisingly the more elaborate entrees they offer are actually quite good, and priced well for the portions you get. I'm pretty sure they have 900,000 beers on tap. Pretty loud but if you are in the mood it can be a good time.
4	Ok! this is my favorite spot ;-) I am not much of a clubber (obviously), so this is my spot when I'm in Vegas. How much better could it get?? All of those beers on tap, just make my mouth water. I make it a point to try a new beer (or two, or three) every time. In my short week stay in Vegas a few weeks ago, I went there quite a few times, and I'm not ashamed to say so. The bartenders were very sweet & talkative and always made sure my glass was full, there was a limited douche bag status (I didn't have any drunk a*holes falling on me, and spilling their beers on me), and I LOVE the music selection (I usually end up playing drunk air guitar, and mouthing the words at least once or twice). I just love this place, and I WILL be back ;-)
4	Loved this place. It was my first time going with some friends. Great beers on tap and you can try a new one every time you go. Go after work with some friends and enjoy HAPPY HOUR!!!
4	I loved this place the first time I went.  I went for Happy Hour (half-priced beers/appetizers, 3PM-6PM I believe) and it is a beer drinkers heaven.  Over a hundred beers ON TAP.  I had a Spaten Optimator, Guinness, Black and Tan, a Dark Castle, and a Warstein Dunkel.  As you can see, they've got a great selection of dark beers.  $3-$4 each, which is great.  Also, my wife and I shared a pretty big appetizer pizza that was, like, $4. The atmosphere is standard bar/restaurant fare.  They play good music (classic/alternative rock) and it doesn't get too loud.Make sure you go early to happy hour, or you'll wait for a seat.
4	The beer selection is fantastic, and the happy hour makes this place a reasonable deal. They also have my favorite beer (hoegaarden w/lemon- if you like hefe-weizens, you should try it).It can get overly crowded, and there's usually a long wait for tables. The food is good, but the bar crowd will definitely spill over into the dining section.For the most part the staff is friendly, and more down-to-earth than the average vegas place.
5	off the chain!! ..good beer, good food..and the atmosphere is awesome. this is a great place to just chill on the weekends or whenever i'm in town visiting some friends. Happy hour is always a good time to go too..decent prices for quality food and beer.personal fave: blue moon..holla!!
4	This was the second time I've been to a Yard House.. The first time was in San Diego.  I love the selection of beer and when you go you HAVE to get your beer in the half-yard glass. It's a must. The best/worst part about it is when you get towards the bottom of your beer the glass acts more like a beer bong. The liquid just shoots down your throat. I guess it makes the experience more fun. The food was good. We just got a bunch of appetizers. Sliders: Theses were okay, not out standing. Asian glazed chicken wings: YUMMIE! They were my favorite but a bit spicy. coconut shrimp: You get like two shrimps.. okay maybe three and they weren't that good. Mac and Cheese: Yummie! I liked it but I couldn't really taste any truffle oil. Pear and walnut salad: I liked this dish a lot. Almost finished all of it myself.Chicken Lettuce wraps: Ehhh... like any other wrap. All in all go for the beer. I'm sure they'll have your favorite!
5	Mac n Cheese Squared!  That's all I have to say.Everyone else was trying to be healthy by eating a fish dish and salad or soup and salad, but c'mon when in a new place you have to try the signature dishes.The Mac and Cheese Squared didn't look even close to what you might get out of a Kraft box.  Instead it is a white gooey cheese pasta (not elbows) with mushrooms, bacon (big pieces), and a vegetable (?).  Absolutely delicious.But wait, one of the most important things....the decor.  You walk in and to your left is an enclosed room full of kegs.  You can see in via the glass and view the lines running from the kegs up to the ceiling.  Then you see huge chrome pipes running across the ceiling through the foyer into the restaurant and across to the center bar.  To add perspective we are taking about a hundred beers.Dafe
3	Everytime I go, this place can be hit or miss.  Either the food's great and the service sucks or the service is good and the food is blah.  The sliders, crab cakes and chocolate souffle are probably the only things that keep me coming back for more.
5	Not sure what this place is like in other locations-- but the one in Town Square here is amazing. We've gone here almost every Monday since we moved here and love it. You cannot beat the half-priced appetizers or drink specials that last ALL DAY on Monday's for football season (I think on Sunday's too?)-- my husband and I usually share an onion ring tower and a pizza (which is full sized-- no skimping just b/c it's happy hour!) Great food, great service... worth the wait...
4	Wow!  Now that's what I call a Beer Selection.  If you are in Vegas and want to sample some beers, this is a great place to check out.  Unfortunately for me, I came here a day after my birthday and I was still in major recovery mode so I did not really get to take advantage of their abundant beer list.  Their food was just okay for me but then again, maybe me being in recovery mode affected my taste buds too so maybe I'd give them another shot.  Definitely will be back at least to get some beers as I love fresh beer.  Bottled beer does not do the name "Beer" justice.  And the service was excellent all around.  Since we had to wait for a table, we actually hung out at the bar for about 20 to 30 mins.  And since they had so many beers, we needed to ask the bartender for advice.  He was extremely patient with us.  And once we sat down at our table, again, the server, was excellent.  She kept coming around every few minutes to check on us and make sure everything was okay.  3 Words: BEER! BEER! BEER!
4	yeah, I'll throw my 2 cents in...I was here on a Saturday evening around 7 pm and it was PACKED. 40 minute wait for a table for 2, not terrible but I should have made reservations.Got right up to the bar and after glancing at a line of drafts 30 foot long, I ordered something I was familiar with because there was no way I was going to try and look at each one and look like a complete tool...anyway the bar service was fast.We ended up getting sat outside, which we didn't ask for but hey, I was starving so we sat, ordered and food got there in decent time. I ordered the beef dip and is was phenomenal. I got the salad instead of fries and it was actually pretty good. I was expecting iceburg lettuce with an under ripe cherry tomato but it was much better than that.All in all, I'd go back just to sample the beer and grab that beef dip again. I take a star off because it felt too touristy for me...I'm more of a locals only dude
5	I went here with my buddy and his friend who lives in Vegas and when I walked in I was surrounded by plasmas, hot babes, and beer. I wasn't sure where I was at because I was hungover but i quickly was filled with excitement and joy. It doesn't get much better than those three things for a man. We went here for lunch and the hostess asked us which game we wanted to watch because they seat you where the specific game is being played on their plethora of TVs. They usually try to get you in a spot so you can view most of the games.We all got burgers and everyone seemed to like them. My mouth was watering from all of those taps behind the bar but my brain was saying no go. My liver would just have to wait until next time to try all of that deliciousness. The waitresses were nice, friendly, and funny and made the experience that much better.I wish they would put on of these up north but the next time I am in Vegas this is where the night will start off.
4	If you go here, sit at the bar.  I'm not saying that the service on the floor is weak, but I have had a much better time at the bar.Late night specials are some of the best in town, and they have some great belgian brews.Add that to a nice, hip clientele, and you've got a winner for knocking a few back.
4	Despite the recession.. this place was still packed to the gills yesterday (Thursday) night. The wait for a table was over an hour for 2, but luckily we were able to score a couple seats at the bar and just ended up eating there. Love the upscale sports bar vibe thing they have going on. Tons of TVs, great, varied menu, and obviously TONS of beer. The highlights:*They offer 6 packs (6 shots) of beer where you can try mini portions of a few - that looked fun, I'll have to try it next time*A sports bar with healthy food! HELL YEAH. 250 calories for their Crunchy Ahi Tuna salad. It was tasty and satisfying.. and guiltless ! I paired it with a light beer for a great dinner.. yum.*as many have said - hot clientele! And from catching passing glances of the IDs flying around it appears most people are locals. ** - 1 star for the sub par service. Even at the bar it was hard to get a beer.
5	What a great, great last time out in Vegas.I was invited to a get together with some work folks and was accompanied by the ultimate gentleman.  I have fond memories of many of their locations (Costa Mesa, Irvine, Long Beach and West Palm Beach) and it was always with a crowd, so this is one of those chain places where good times are guaranteed.  We went for happy hour since the appetizers were half priced and pints were 3.25.  The beer selection is HUGE and my companion and I had a hard time in choosing something to start with.  One of the two servers taking care of our table suggested we get a "pre-designed" sampler.  This is when the bar selects six beers for you, rather than you choosing six, and they stay within a certain medium, such as pale ales, darks, etc.  We wanted something in the medium category.  The sampler is something I totally recommend you do if you're undecided about what beer you'd like and you have someone to share with you.  We sipped each beer, rated them accordingly, and decided our top three, in order, were Redhook ESB, Redhook Blond, and Fat Tire's New Belgium.  Since the top two were the New Belgium and the Blond, we ordered pints of each and shared 'em.As for the appetizers, we picked up an order of the fried chicken strips and Hawaiian poke stack.  Great choices (kinda hard to mess up chicken strips, though); the poke was a pretty good portion for an appetizer and was tasty!  Both of the servers were outstanding in tending to our party of 14.  Very attentive, didn't miss a beat, and were great about reminding everyone to get their last orders in before happy hour ended.  Can't beat that!If only the Yard House were in the DMV.....
5	Our daughter, who lives in Vegas and comes here frequently, took us here for lunch on NFL Championship Game Sunday. It was crowded, but not packed, which was nice since we got a late start. The hostess said 20-30 mins and we were seated in 10. There are plasma TVs everywhere here, so I can't imagine there being a bad seat in the house to watch a game. If I were designing the perfect sports bar (for me at least), this place would be the model. Start with the beer. The selection is impressive. You can take a beer tour of the world without leaving your seat. If you aren't sure where to start, do the 6 pack taster. The food?  I think the hardest part about ordering is picking something. All of the appetizers looked delicious. We had the lobster, crab and artichoke dip. Excellent choice!  E, who is a salad connoisseur, had the walnut pear salad.  R had the sliders.  Both were excellent!  I had the BBQ bacon and cheese burger.  That burger is now on my "top 5 burgers I've ever had" list.  The meat was full of flavor and juicy and the rum BBQ sauce had a nice tang to it.The atmosphere?  Nice and clean inside, with an upscale feeling to it.  The clientele was a good age mix, attractive and dressed like they actually cared about their appearance.Last but definitely not least, the service.  Our server was great.  I think her name was Cyndi.  She was attentive without being intrusive and best of all, when it comes to us at least, she was patient.The bottom line?  I wish they would seriously consider a location in Northern California.  Might I suggest the Streets of Brentwood Shopping Center?  This is definitely in our rotation of Vegas places to go when we're there.
2	My first time at the Yard House wasn't really anything special, but I can see why people would like it. The ambiance is cozy for sports enthusiasts and beer connoissers.  They have about 150 different beers on tap which is impressive. I sat at the bar and had one of the beers on tap. After looking thru their extensive beer menu, I ordered the Sin City Light; it was good. It's about $6 for a beer. So for the most part, the bar is what makes the place; along with all the flat screen TVs mounted throughout.As a restaurant...they need A LOT of work. I ordered the Roast Beef Dip. A simple dish (it's a sandwich for crying out loud), how can anyone get that wrong...Au Jus was too salty. That's what makes the sandwich! Also, they need to melt the provolone in the sandwich. They just slapped on a cold piece of cheese! One of my friends had the Porter House Steak. She had ordered it medium, but she realized as she was cutting into the steak that it was a little on the rare side. Once she pointed that out to our non-attentive waiter, he did take the steak back and correct it. The manager even brought it back out to her and apologized for that and did not charge for her entree. That was nice of him... My cousin had the lettuce wraps. I didn't try them, but he says that the wraps were really good. My brother had the Ahi salad. He liked it. The prices on their food menu are comparable to that of a Chilis or Chevy's.Now about our waiter...Seems like he was trying to avoid us the whole time we were there. The sad thing is that he was also training someone on the floor that night; what a good example he is setting for the trainee! We had to wave him down a couple of times for drinks and a couple times for condiments. Come to think of it, we didn't even get place settings until after our food arrived. We had to ask another waiter for that! He only came by to check on us once, and that was the same time he slapped us the bill.
3	I decided to wait for mi amigas at the bar, so I waited...waited...and waited for the bartender to acknowledge me...and it wasn't even busy!  After a good 10 minutes, I finally got my drink and, at the same time, mi amigas showed up ready to eat.  As crowds started to pile in for dinner, my very bright red disco-light pager thing went off. We were seated in one of their very long booths, that can take forever to get out of if you're sitting by the wall.  We had the pleasure of having a waiter who was training a newbie (shadowing).  It's cool to train new staff, but it seemed like our "veteran" waiter had difficulty multi-tasking with serving, remembering small stuff, and training.  Other waiters were gracious enough to help out.   The large selection of beers, happy hour, and the fact that it's located in the new Town Square mall, away from casinos, inspires me to come back.  My new favorites at YH are the mouth-freakin-watering Ahi dishes (ahi crunchy salad and seared ahi sashimi appetizer), lettuce wraps, and the lobster-crab-artichoke dip.  Mi amiga's grilled rib eye steak was not cooked to her specs, so she returned it.  Next thing you know, the general manager personally serves her a new rib eye steak done right...on the house.  Now that's the way to do it!
4	Got to love a place with 100 or so brews on tap. And that's the Yard House. Even though there's a bunch of outposts of this Irvine, CA based chain in LA (including the new LA Live location downtown) I've never been to Yard House before. Shame on me, I know. They've got their own microbrewed beer in two varieties and a great Late Night Happy Hour so prices are really good if you come in late for drinks or apps. Another thing I like is you can get a sample shot of any brew for a buck. Which is what I did as i sampled four different beers including Vegas' own Sin City. Bartender was actually upfront with me that it wasn't that great a beer but when in Vegas, try the local stuff and for a buck, why not? So I tried the Sin City Amber and it was fair alright but at least it wasn't downright atrocious. Surprisingly, Tenaya Creek isn't offered here. They should do something about that. Also odd. They carry Gordon Biersch. Don't they have their own brewpub just a couple miles away? Waste of taps in my opinion. Plenty of variety and a chance to really improve your brew knowledge. I've got to finally check one out in the LA area sometime soon especially that the LA Live location is now open.
4	Like a ga-zillion beers on tap, but it's the Yard House...you should know what a yard house is by now. I have been here a handful of times. Service is good, well, good for I'm still in college and waiting to get off of this shift so I can get stoned service. The food is good, some of your typical but better than average bar food. The poke stack is yummy, and the french dip is tasty.A happy hour menu and TV's for sports...I'm still waiting to try the chocolate stout ice cream float.
4	Where do i start!This place has over 50 beers on tap. If you came to drink, go early before rush cause you 'll end up having to stand. All that room and no where to sit. It you want to sit you have to order food. Their food is pretty good. It's bar food with a fancy twist. They have happy hour with half price food. Great chicken fingers! Their tuna sushi roll is one big roll with soy beans in it and hard to eat. Not exactly something a lady should order while sitting AT the bar lol. All in all it's a great hang out place. A bit too trendy for people like me who love dive bars. But the beers,lagers,3 different cidars on tap who can complain!?
4	Really good food and one of if not the best selection of beer between here and the next closest Yard House.  The Happy Hour prices are even better.
3	Food was ok, Great place for hang  out or for watching sports great selection beers
5	I love going to Yard House.  Great atmosphere in the awesome Town Square that I have come to know and love as the best part of Las Vegas.  In addition to their friendly staff, they also have great food!  You can't miss the Mac and Cheese2 (squared).   Their entire menu is made up of comfort food, so if you are down to eat pot pie and all the staples that grandma used to make, you have come to the right place.  They have a huge beer list, but unfortunately there are no descriptions of the beers, just names.  However, their staff is always happy to make suggestions by asking what you like.  Their awesome food and friendly staff plus the location is enough for me to give this place the elusive 5 star rating.
4	This place is pretty lively when we went. The atmosphere gave me a Dallas's vibe. The food was good. I had a chicken cesar salad. My friend got some shrimp pasta dish, that was pretty good. Must try their brownie. It's freshly made with your choice of ice cream on top. It's very good, but only when it is hot. When it gets cold, it won't taste as good. So eat it fast.
5	Great beers on tap, their happy hour is ridiculously fun [with appetizers and drinks half off, hellooo] and their food alone is sooo good. Even the pizzas. Their service was EXCELLENT! I wanted a Bailey's milkshake for dessert, and the server was nice enough to make one up even though it wasnt on the menu. How sweet is that? Love it here!
2	I rated other locations as 5 star, but this one needs some work in the kitchen department..  I have to give this 2 stars because I will avoid this location in the future, unless it is just for dessert.I usually eat at the Orange County locations,  but I came here because this is one of my favorite chains.  I was let down because my usual entree, the Lamb Chops, weren't the same as in OC.   They tasted bland, and were lacking some seasoning.   Of the 10+ times I've had them at Yard House, these by far were the worst I've ever had.  I wasn't in the mood to complain, but the server didn't even come around to check on the food until I ate about half my entree. The brownie dessert was perfect, however.
4	I don't know if the Yard House at Town Center is typical of other Yard House locations... but my first impression of the one at Town Center is "Wow! The largest Bar / Sports Bar I've ever been to!" The Bar must have been forty yards long with a circular seating arrangement... that's almost a football field length of seating just to consume liquor or watch your favorite team on one of the LCD TVs. Don't feel comfortable at the "Bar"? ... well there's dimly lit table seating around the extremities of the interior of the Yard House, as well as outside seating under a covered patio.If you're not consuming your liquor at Happy Hour here at the Yard House... you have a lot more money to spare than I do, or you're just being extravagant for no rational reason. Lindeman's Framboise at only $4.00 a glass! Raspberry Cider, also at the same price! And, the Happy Hour extends late into the night...As for the food... specifically the Appetizers... the menu needs work...  Spicy Thai Chicken Pizza (*) First of all, it's a thin-crust Pizza.. a       negative already! Carrots, Green Onion, Cilantro, Mozzarella,       Macadamia Nuts, and Firecracker Sauce as a topping... essentially       very, very close to a Vegan Pizza. Prior apologies to all Vegans...       Yecch!  Chicken Lettuce Wrap (**** 1/2) Stir fried, smoked tofu, pine nuts and       green onions with three dipping sauces with a meat choice of either       Chicken, Tiger Shrimp, or Shiitake and Portabella Mushrooms. Very,       very good.   Onion Ring Tower (****) Beer battered and dusted with Parmesan       Cheese... served with Chipotle and Ranch Dip Sauces. And... I don't       even like Onion Rings... that's saying a lot for the perfectly made       Onion Rings!  Chicken Nachos (**) Thin, and I mean thin Tortilla Chips with Cheddar       and Jack Cheese, Tomato, Cilantro, Onions, Guacamole and spicy       whole Pinto Beans. Chips were deteriorating as we sat. Word to the       wise... consume this appetizer quickly, or it just turns into mush.       Definitely, not as good as one of the many cheap, late-night Taquerias       you can find around Las Vegas.  Fried Calamari (**** 1/2) An appetizer which I never order because most       restaurants usually over-fry the Calamari where it becomes       super-tough and chewy... but not that night when we consumed it!       Served with spicy Tomato and Tartar sauces.  Spicy Tuna Roll (**) Definitely, not a favorite at the table. Not enough       Tuna, maybe? Or it could've been the odd mixture of textures with an       almost crunchy Edamame. Seared Ahi Tuna with Avocado, Edamame,       Cucumber and Wasabi Soy Sauce.  Classic Sliders (***) Nothing special here. Four mini Burgers made from       Naturewell Natural Angus Beef served with Cheddar Cheese, House       Special Sauce, Fries and Pickle. Preparation of the Fries were better       than the Sliders!Do you know what it takes to transport all the Liquor over to the Bar area? As I was looking around Yard House to take some pics... I noticed the shiny pipes running along the ceiling emanating from the entrance area of Yard House heading off in the direction of the Bar. There are, literally, dozens of pipes that feed liquor to the bar stored in an Orange-hued room ( http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/uxe7CbaX8_9H82ljSg2Jxw/l ) ( http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/a1UfHHYUMxC145fLbNcyLw/l ) to the left of the entrance as you walk in. Moving that much Liquor takes quite a bit of technology!Liquor @ Happy Hour (*****)Appetizers (***)Dessert? Not tonight. Went back to my son's house for Guava Cake ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/akis-bakery-san-jose#hrid:NKSpkOhHHESYQkF1WN_nOg ), which I brought over from San Jose...
4	This place has a very decent happy hour (M-F). Drinks and appetizers at a discount. The place is nice, located in Town Square and the crowd is great. You have to go there early if you want to sit at the bar. There is always a wait outside every time I go there. So, I guess it is pretty popular. The portions are huge , ideal for sharing.
5	Oh Yard House....I'm so glad you have come into my life. Yard House has one of the best happy hours in Vegas. Love the location (in Town Square). Love the hours....especially the late night happy hour (perfect for after work get-togethers...which we do often). The beer list is awesome. I usually stick with the Sin City Lite, but occasionally get the Lindeman's Framboise. Great martinis too! Love the mangolicious and the malibu peach. The only one that I didn't like was the coco cabana. I felt badly sending it back because the server recommended it more then the one I really wanted..the vanilla cheesecake martini...which I still haven't tried to this day.....ahhh, next time.The food is fantastic too....great selection of appetizers. Ok, I have never been here any other time then happy hour. I hear their dinners are good too, but man I can't pass up their onion rings and nachos! I always try to save room for dessert here too....the macadamia nut cheesecake is awesome!!! (Last time I went I tried a friend's warm homemade brownie...amazing!!!)The patio is great if you can manage to get a seat out there...this place is always busy, but oh so great!
5	Beer, beer and more beer! Over 100 different choices my friends. They make their own beer and it's lovely. But I wasn't in the mood to think because I walked around Town Square all day, so I just ordered a Shock Top (Tastes like a lighter version of Blue Moon). The fellas ordered pizzas and the gals ordered nachos and all the food was excellent. The service was great even though it was extremely busy. The staff is extremely efficient and friendly and they're open to making suggestions based on what you like. We had a few more drinks and dessert was ordered and shared by the entire group. Excellent experience. The place was very large and very lively. I would definitely make a stop here again!
5	If the goal here was a great place to hang out, eat, drink, and have fun, it could nary have been executed better.  From the bachelor-pad-sheik decor and numerous large flatscreens, to the cute and friendly waitstaff, and who could forget, the wonderful food and huge beer selection, this place is a winner.I'm not sure what problems some other reviewers had with the kitchen at this place, but they were on top of their game the afternoon I dropped by.  The Korean BBQ appetizer didn't have as strong a garlic flavor as one would expect, but the meat was perfectly cooked, and the flavor of the meat shone through well.  The rice could have been stickier, though.The burger I ordered medium was perfectly cooked, and wonderously tender and flavorful.  It certainly goes down as one of the better burgers I've ever had.  The fries were light and crispy, but could have been more numerous.  My friend ordered a very tasty upscale mac'n'cheese which came adorned with perfectly cooked and juicy chicken breast pieces.The servers were very attentive, and made for a very nice overall experience.  This is definitely the kind of place for you, if you're looking for great food and a relaxed, fun enviornment, but a touch more upscale than that little local hole in the wall.  Whether the goal is after-work unwinding, weekend playtime, or just a nice meal in a comfortable place, the Yard House delivers.
4	Ooh, la la! Super cool place.It's very busy on Friday & Saturday eves, but worth the good time.  My party & I went there on a Friday @ 9:30 p.m. & waited for about 30 minutes to get seated.Food was fab, took a while to get out, but you could tell it was prepared to order and fresh!  Try the brownie for desert, that thing is orgasmic!  It came right out of the oven.  My girlfriends had martinis and DAYUM, soo good, the watermelon one tastes just like a jolly rancher.The seating is quite cramped, especially out on the patio...but whatev, it's all good.  GO!
3	67 reviews. Holy frack.  I've watched a few soccer matches at the downtown San Diego Yard House, never been impressed.  Haven't eaten dinner there in half a decade.  I ate here on friday night with a mixed tables of locals and visitors- everyone was pretty satisfied with their meal and the dinner was impeccable.  On the other hand, the douche factor is through the roof: tons of ed hardy and ladies rocking the high heels/shorts look.  I think they actually charge a cover on friday and saturday night?  I know they have a similar scene at the San Diego Yard House, but I literally can not fathom why people would come here on a friday or saturday night.
5	I love beer.....let me repeat that  I f*cking Love Beer, this place is like heaven. 150 Taps plus an amazing selection of other beers, and a full bar...that alone is worth checking this place out, but the food is top notch as well. I has a ceaser salad that was amazing, the roommate had a seafood dish that looked great, and that was paired with both of the daily flights (they have 6 beers preselected and bring them to you on little planks in 8oz tasting glasses). and a few from the menu.I just moved to vegas and I must say that this place is top notch, a definite for me, I miss the Flying Saucer, luckily I have this place whenever I need my beer fix.They also have a nice outdoor patio, I haven't been out there yet, but I can see many a night drinking a pint and enjoying the desert evenings there.I really need to get there during happy hour for reduced price beers, while I do my best to drink my way through the beer list!!!
5	I have only ever been here for Happy Hour, and that has been at least a dozen times.  I certainly can't speak for anything on the menu aside from their appetizers, but everything that I have eaten has been excellent (and not just because I had downed multiple assorted beers).  The tap selection is unparalleled, which is great for people like me who like to see choices that go far beyond the basics like Sam Adams and Fat Tire.  They have scores of beers on tap that I haven't seen at any other bars in this city.  The only bad thing I could say is that they require 80% of your party to be present before they will give you a table.  That can be frustrating when you know that 10 co-workers are going to show up, yet they won't give you a big table because you only have 6 people present.  No matter, we usually just put in for the table and wait at the bar for everyone to show up.  Obviously I'm not too upset about it, because the great prices on Happy Hour appetizers and the ridiculous beer selection are what make me give this place a resounding 5 stars.
3	ok the food and the drinks totally rock there! The servers and the floor staff were friendly and accomodating. One of the bartenders needs an attitude adjustment but other than that it was fun and the pasta was to die for! I will totally eat and drink there again it was really yummy.
4	Great selection on Beer.....I have never seen so many varieties in one place.  It is located off the strip in Town Center and parking is easy.  Only thing is that you might have to wait a little on a Friday/Saturday night but why not....  You can then just drink all the different beers.  Oh the food is great as well... No complaints.  Service is great as well.
3	Came here for a quick bite before seeing The Hangover, wasn't amazed, but it was good. I think we really came for the beer selection, apparently it is the only place in Vegas you can get obscure Californian beers. I had mushroom encrusted halibut over truffle mashed potatoes.....it was good, but not as good as I imagined it would be. The artichoke starter was delicious though....However, with all the amazing food choices in Vegas, I doubt I'll be back...
4	we went to yardhouse during happy hour.. (which btw ends at 6 pm) and had a bunch of appetizers and a couple 1/2 yard tall ass beers.  lienen keugals... (sp?)  to be exact.. (tastes and smells like fruity pebbles!)  food was good.. i think we had like pizza and cali rolls....... a lot of beer.. so i forget. HAHAHA.. good.  good prices for happy hour... pretty pricey after happy hour.  hahaha..
5	I was very pleasantly surprised.  We were seated right away (on a Friday night around 7pm) in a booth inside.  I normally always opt for outside seating in restaurants but even I needed a temporary break from the 100+ degree heat.  The waiter was very good - checking back frequently on everything and keeping our drinks full.  I loved the Enchilada Stack - who knew a beer restaurant could serve a great mexican style meal.  It had tons of lean white meat chicken, lots of cheese and yummy green and red enchilada sauce.  I finished the whole thing which I never do!  My husband enjoyed his steak as well.
4	Great service and great atmosphere! It had a LOT of items to choose from on the menu which was a real plus. Our waitress stayed on top of everything and was very nice. I had the wings which were good, the sauce was a lot like Al's Garage but were bigger but the meat was a little tough. Liked the Onion Ring Tower, so good!! Good prices too!
4	Great beer offerings with good food and a fun casual place.
5	Yard House is a great spot for Dinner with Friends. Prices are average depending on what your in the mood for. But the best is the Happy Hour!
5	Yard House just got even better....They finally divided their incredible beer list into categories making it much easier to choose based upon each person's likes. I never knew they had ciders on the menu based on the names, but the new categories made it easy to see that they do...love the pear one!!!My only issue with Yard House is that they don't have a late night happy hour on Thursday nights...I can understand the weekends, but what's up with Thursdays?? I always seem to get my Yard House cravings on Thursdays late night, but no Happy Hour :(
4	Yardhouse is one of the best Happy Hour's in Vegas.... Right before the Welcome sign in the heart of town square shopping mall this place is a gem. Best beer selection in town and great prices on everything.
4	Besides Blue Martini - Yard House is a new hang-out for cocktails spot in Las Vegas.  They have a vast selection of food and libacious drinks.  Music is always blaring so the patio is a good spot if one wants to have a conversation or to people watch.
3	I really, truly, honestly wanted to give this place five stars.  The vast selection of beer is mind-boggling.  Beer after beer after beer...beers you have never heard of, eagerly waiting to be sampled.  I came in with my family for a late lunch (3:00 on a Saturday) so there was no wait.  The service was great.  I have two complaints, though.  First, the beer sampler is mediocre at best.  It was your typical six 5-oz glasses, but the choices were already set.  Whoever picked the beers for the sampler must have been feeling very uninspired, because they had two Gordon Biersch beers.  Gordon Biersch is a good beer, but I feel that with the huge selection available, it is definitely on the JV squad of beers.  If you go to Yard House looking to try something new and exotic, not just the microbrews they sell at your local grocery store, you would be better off convincing your dining partners to purchase a few different pints rather than relying on the sampler.Second, the portabello burger was unimpressive.  The bun turned mushy and fell apart when I tried to eat it by hand.  Maybe it was meant to be eaten with a fork and knife and I am some uncultivated country rube unacclimated to the proper use of dining utensils.  But I think the primary purpose of going to the Yard House is to drink beer; having food available (even lackluster portabello burgers) is a consolation prize.
5	My husband and I love this restaurant.  They have the most beers on tap in town. The prices are reasonable, and the food is excellent. The menu has a great selection from Burgers to Steak and Seafood, the Grilled Artichoke appetizer is very good. In the 20+ times we have eaten here,  we have never had a bad meal. They also have a great kids menu. One of our top 10 restaurants in town for casual dining.
5	i love me some yars house happy hour. not for drinking but for the half priced food! ~$5 for chicken nachos! how wonderful. and the fried calamari! love it! i came here 2 days in a row and veronica the hostess remembered me, sorta embarrassing. the sliders are okay, garlic fries dont have enough garlic. jambalaya was really good. for a whole lotta happy hour food the bill was about 30ish which isnt too bad since i was 100% full.not full enough to skip yogurtland though.... i prefer to sit in the booths and the hostess put us in one even though i saw 3 big women sitting at a table (they obviously needed the booth space).so A+ for yardhousei come here everytime im in vegas
2	Hmm I eat here often and a two is the average I have to give it. Sometimes it's a 4, and sometimes a 1. Let me tell you about when I gave it a 1.We go there, wait an hour right in front of the booth with three attendants (who have had a clear view of us the entire time). After the one hour mark (they quoted 35 minutes) I politely walked up and ask what the deal was. They then inform me that they activated the little beeper they gave us and no one answered it. (remember we are sitting 4 feet away from them the whole time) They then proceeded to seat what looked like 10-12 parties ahead of us (from the crossed out names I saw on the waiting list)OK no big deal mistakes happen and it's hard to find good help.We get to our table. Order some beers. The waitress can't figure out if she is able to use my friend's passport as a legal ID... I mean, my friend is obviously over 21; in fact she is nearly 40, but again no big deal, she leaves and comes back at best 7 minutes later with a manager approval.  We then order our beers and our food. It takes 20 minutes just to get our drinks. This is just silly because I know they have only 4-5 table sections.  So the beer comes and I did check my watch, it took about 40 minutes to get our food.  The food my girlfriend and our mutual friend ordered came out looking and tasting good, but mine... a simple burger..  came out burnt when I ordered it medium rare. I made a small comment about it and initially refused to have it remade because of time restraints and not wanting to wait another 40 minutes. I then realized it had some ingredients that I asked not to be put in the food. The waitress assured me it would only take ten minutes at best so I conceded to have it remade.Well another 30 minutes goes by and my table mates are done eating and I'm sitting around waiting for a burger that finally arrives... BURNT again.  So wtf.  The manager comes to talk to us for the 2nd time and clearly must be high. It went something like thisManager walks up... and says;"oh Man I'm sorry, dang I hate it when that happens to me... ahh *sigh* wow that totally sucks"Then; proceeds to just stand there looking upset about my burger until we had to basically console her about it!! "ah no worries it's not that big of a deal"  LOL oh man. So they did infact comp the burger. But hell for a 14 dollar burger you would think you could get it cooked right.I have had good experiences at yard house too btw. But DAMN WTF
4	so i've got my boss and the prez of the company in town - they like beer, no strike that, they LOVE beer  yet, not into the high-end eateries ( damn !  was hoping for a freeloading meal at some of my fav foo-foo spots on the Strip ) I suggested Yardhouse - told them they've got about 100 beers on tap - i felt the breeze as they ran past me to get into their rental car - ok, beer it is !I've been to several Yardhouse's in so cal  - this one is on par with the Newport Beach Yardhouse - the place is HOPPIN !  Good thing my gf wasn't there - my neck is still sore from following the ladies as they walked by  - it's worth going just for the people watching.Talk about a boring group - we all ordered the same thing - sliders ! I I was the wild and crazy one - i ordered a mix - regular sliders and the bernaise sliders - both ok, the fries were better.  The  beer - very good !  Though i even had to raz one of the guys in the group after they ordered budweiser - i can't even believe they serve it at the Yardhouse  !What's really scary is the president is actually going to look at pricing for office space in Town square - Lord, please don't let it happen  !
4	Been to other locations and they are typically good.  Had a chopped salad and poke stack app for lunch with an alaskan amber beer.  It was all very good.  The bartender was good but could have been a little more social or talkative.  Either way, would go back.
3	A recent visit to celebrate a friend's birthday, Yard House left me feeling disappointed.  We had a large party, about 14 people at the table.  During our visit, we even had a shift change, where our original waitress was kind enough to let us know she was leaving and who was taking over.  Although the rest of our table had appetizers, The Husband and I arrived in time for entrees:* New York Steak Salad "green beans, roasted peppers, avocado, crispy potatoes, red onion and baby lettuce tossed in a gorgonzola vinaigrette with beefsteak tomatoes and pickled egg" ($16.95) - A generous and flavorful salad, loaded with the ingredients listed and a tasty steak.* Cuban Roast Pork Dip "tomatoes, pepper jack cheese, pickles, dijon and garlic aioli on french bread grilled with bbq au jus" ($12.65) - This was The Husband's order and I had a bite.  It wasn't that great, especially when I recall my previous experience with a Cuban sandwich.  The fries were good though.My concern was more with service.  The waiter asked the birthday girl what kind of dessert she wanted (out of three choices), and she went for the Chocolate Souffle Cake "mini serving with vanilla ice cream, served warm".  When it arrived, there was no candle which surprised us all.  (How are you supposed to sing happy birthday without a candle to blow?)  And he only gave us one spoon, which reminded me that he never brought back dessert menus for the rest of us.  At this point, we didn't bother ordering dessert since the birthday girl already had hers.  That part made the experience disappointing.The other waiter was able to do a split tender on the check, which was helpful.  (Although he put the costs wrong on my receipt, oh well.)  I usually think Yard House is on top of things, but I guess they weren't that night.
4	I'm not a beer drinker but I'm always motivated to try a brewskie or two when I'm here. How can you not?!?!? They claim to have the "world's largest selection of draft beer"... so I figure I'll find one I like and generally speaking I always do :)If you're there for food: come hungry! They have huge and tasty portions so it's nearly impossible to stop eating if there's food in front of you.I can go for some seared ahi sashimi, right now!
4	Best Happy Hour for a Vegas Local
4	Before heading to the Rave Motion Theater to watch a movie, headed to the Yard House for dinner. This place is huge and there bar is enormous to say the least. Being that it's a huge establishment, wondered how the service would be... right off, the hostess was friendly, helpful and attentive which channeled all the way to the waitresses as well. For being quite crowded, service was quite outstanding.The meal - Order the NY Steak and fries... yes, I am predictable! For not being an actual steakhouse, the steak was quite flavorful and tasty, more importantly cooked to order. Not bad at all. Patricia order the Malibu chicken and that looked great as well. Great in a sense when you see someone elses plate, one remarks 'man, I should've ordered that!' LOLFor appetizers... recommend the Chicken Nachos.... ah there very good.Overall, great dinner and service and wonderful environment. Again, a place definitely worth revisiting!
1	This place gets one star for having a pretty good beer selection and decent food, but it lost all points as a restaurant by having the music at nightclub volume. When I asked our waiter if they could turn it down a little so I wouldn't have to shout to converse with my neighbor at the table, he informed me that it was a management decision to have the volume at that level.Go there if you want a good selection of beers and aren't interested in conversing with your companions, but don't go there if you want the full dinner experience.
1	Let me say this first. I love the Yard House. I been to Vegas, Palm Desert, Newport Beach and I love it. Until Denver . . .After eating there on the 11 of October with group of 40 friends, 5 of us got so sick that some of us needed an IV from dehydration after the runs for two days.The manager was sympathetic and promised gift cards, but they never came. After speaking to another manager tonite, I am compelled to write this review. He was dismissive and questioned whether any of this even took place! I tried to reason with him for 20 minutes, but to no avail. No apology was offered until requested and he questioned if we should even receive gift cards- AFTER WE WERE LAID UP FOR 2 DAYS OF OUR VACATION! Poor customer treatment.
4	Great collection of beers with 125+ on tap.  Food is very good as well, ranging from sandwiches to full dinners.  I had a Indonesian style grilled shrimp with nicely spiced rice.  Others had the Ahi Tuna which was cooked perfectly (rare!).  Overall nice place for casual dining
4	this is a great happy hour spot after work. you can't beat the beer selection - the framboise is my fave!  the food's pretty good, too - and it's always lively.
4	Since we usually visit the location in the LBC we went here expecting good food, and that's exactally what we got! They actually exceeded my expectations. I had the best steak sandwich I've ever had in my life!  It was a little more cooked than I had asked for ( I ordered med-rare and I got medium toward the well side), but nevertheless delicious!  And the steak was so succulent and tender I really can't complain. My hubby had the seared ahi sandwich, which was mouth watering delicious. The service was good even if the waitress was a little bit too fake, but everyone in Vegas is working on tips so I can't blame her. She did let my beer go empty one time though!  Shame on her.Unlike the location in Long Beach this one seems to be very family oriented, there were tons of people here eating with their children.  Hardly anyone at the bar, go figure.We'll definately come back next time we're in town.
5	I love this place, it was packed when i went but still was able to get a seat. the first page in the menu is the beer section. The men in my family loved that. The appetizer jerk chicken is the best.. you've got to try that! Our waitress was great too even though she was very busy. I got the penne pasta which was great. The salmon was also very good as well as the jambalaya. But the thing that stood out the most about this place was when the waiter asked me if he wanted to change a channel to my team! There are so many TVs in tune to the sports. I was so happy about that!
4	Hundreds of beers on tap... an extensive menu... what else can you ask for?I started at the bar with a Stone IPA, was delicious. Made my way to the table, grabbed another stone, ordered the turkey burger. Was cooked with garlic aioli, mozzarella cheese, served with fries and a pickle. Beautiful, cheap, tasty.Hit the bar at the end of the meal for a kona fire rock beer. Great night, great place to go for casual drinks/food with friends. Definitely had a more local feel than a lot of other places in Vegas.A+, will dine here again :)
4	With well over 100 beers on tap how can you not love this place? The food has always been pretty spot on as well as the service. It gets a bonus star for NOT being in amidst the Strip madness of which I'm not a fan. If you love beers of all kinds and great food that is actually crafted to pair with it definitely give the Yard House a go.
3	Great food, huge draft-beer selection. Don't get the house beers as they are just mediocre and there are many excellent other beers to order.My big problem with this place, though, is the beer pricing. If you come during happy hour, fine, the prices are clearly stated on the menu. And actually, during happy hour, the beers are priced fairly, not really cheap, but fair, and the happy-hour appetizers are great deals and delicious. But if you come outside of happy hour, there are no prices listed for beers. There are hundreds of beers and they all are priced differently. Asking a waiter brings a vague response: "The most expensive one is $8.50 so most of them are less than that." But they ain't much less! It's easy to spend $7 on a pint without realizing it. So...insist that the waiter give you the price of each beer before you order. Or, better plan, come only during happy hour.
5	can't go wrong - great food, extensive menu, huge beer selection, flat screens everywhere...
5	Impressive!I've been to the Pasadena Yard House and aside from the excellent beer selection and crazy wine choices the food was mediocre.  Las Vegas kicked Pasadena's ass.  srslyA diabetic can find some sweet(heh) friendly menu items.  I ordered the Roasted Turkey Cobb salad but I was inches from ordering the Tomato Bisque w/Grilled Hearts of Romaine....and I totally should have.  My lovely Mom ordered that instead and I stuck with the crispy bacon, bleu cheese & hard-boiled egg (mmmmmm).  So I tried my nieces NY steak and it was heavenly. Tried my nephew Trevor's steak dinner and it was equally as delish.  I tried my Mom's Grilled Hearts of Romaine & I am impressed by the champagne vinaigrette .  A biting experience.All in all an impressive display.
4	MMM chicken nachos and beer.That's really the gist of this review...Worked my way through almost all the hefeweizens (local and import). I think it would be pretty cool to go through all the beers they have on tap but that's gonna require some dedication on my part.A friend got a burger which was good too.Menu is huge, everything sounds delicious; this is one of the places where I wish I had 15 dining companions so I can try everything instead of asking the waitress for more time because I can't make up my mind :(As soon as I walked in I was comfortable, lighting and everything was great and I got to look at all the neat pipes that I imagine are full of beer.Also, they are opening another location at Red Rock soon I am totally excited.
4	This is place and I will have to say I had a great client dinner there.  It is the perfect place to grab a beer and have a bite on a Friday after a long week at work.  I feel like they have close to 100 beers on tap.  how can you ever go wrong with that?Not a coctail dress kind of place, but certainly works well with jeans and a t-shirt.  Located in the town square area there is plenty to do around the place.  Vegas is known for stranding places to eat in the middle of nothing if they are not attached to a casino.  Town Square s just the opposite.  Plenty of shopping and a movie theater in an open are plaza atmosphere.  Good for a first dat or to grab some brews with friends, go her if you can!
4	First time dining at this place last week and I loved it! They have pretty good portion sizes as far as the pizza was concerned and it tasted great! Great energy, and I got to watch the game from my table. Would've gave 5 stars but the server seemed to disappear at times. All in all a great experience. Will return for sure.
4	Greatest draft beer selection in town. Friendly quick service. Above average bar food and other treats. Even the pasta is good. And the kona ice cream sundae, heaven!
5	I'm a fan of a place that has a variety of serious brews. I'm a beer geek and respect a place that will give me something more that more of the same 'ol big named "Lites" for the generic palette and a few alright popular beers.  We are going through the list to try them all and some I've tried here have become regulars in our fridge. I can sing praises and praises for a place that carries complex delights and will enjoy going through the list...you cant find some of these selections at other spots in Vegas.Foodwise- I love they have something for everyone and it's actually pretty tasty. Really pleased with most that I've tried and glad it's not just typical "drunk food" but good food and is a family place during day. Used to always go here in Victoria Gardens Mall in Rancho Cucamonga, Ca for shopping fuel. One of my favorites is basic but good with most beers- the garlic noodles with shitake mushrooms.And I have to rave about the happy hour! Regular and reverse happy hours! We're night people so to have a late night one is fantastic! Half priced appetizers and drinks! AWESOME! I live across town in the NW and still try to make it all the way there. Can't wait for the Red Rock location- counting down days!
5	Chicken tortilla soup and turkey melt was great for lunch
4	Just wanted to write a review update since I've been enjoying my weekly Friday night dinners at Yard House.  I love the 4-7 Happy hour they have during the weekdays.  My close group of friends have been going every Friday and the food, service, and drinks are always consistent.  Server to server the place just delivers.Poke StackSeared Ahi Sashimi Ahi Steak Sandwitch All personal favorites on the menu..... You add some Abita Purple Haze on tap, your in for a great night!
5	Great happy hour, , tasty appetizers, Huge beer selection, And the Best damn pastrami sandwich I have had in years. Go here eat and by happy !!!
3	This place reminds me of BJ's but in Vegas, similar food and beer selection.  TV's at the bar so you can watch a game if one is going on or sports highlights.  The service is ok, it was pretty packed when we went and we needed a table for 10. The hostess offered us a choice of waiting an hour or being seated earlier by splitting are group into 2. Since we were starving and wanted to get out of there quick we opted to be split into 2 groups.  If you're visiting Vegas and staying on the strip going here might be a little costly taxi wise because it is a bit off the strip.
5	An alcoholic beer at 1pm you say? Sure, it's Vegas! Came here after doing some shopping. I'm 90% please with my Yardhouse experiences in Los Angeles. But this Vegas location took the cold.There was a football game going on.. USC against I forgot (but obviously not important to the likes of USC), and enough seats to go around. Wasn't hungry even though the people around me eating some pretty damn good-looking food.I was here for the drinks. Do people really drink this early in the day? Hell yes!There is probably one drink that I look forward to the most. Not many people know it, and very few bartenders can make it to perfection.And it's called the 'LA Water." Soon as I mentioned the name, bartender smiled and handed a glass of one of the best LA Water's I've had. Guess it was a hot day, 'cause I started drinking one after another like nothing. Bartender gave a chuckle and said "...drinking it down like water." So yes, I was satisfied. Watched the game (USC won of course), burped and tipped the guy $10. I was feeling generous!Must come back to Vegas just to come back here again.
4	How can anyone not like a restaurant with 166 beers on tap. The food is really god but expensive.. Between 2 and 4 is happy hour with beers from 4 and 5 dollars and some of the apps are half off. The real reason to come here is the beers. For a beer snob like myself it is Eden! 4 stars because of price
4	Yardhouse is a nice, laid back restaurant with hundreds of beers to try, many on tap, and some great food.  The first time I tried this restaurant was a few years back, and I absolutely love it.If you love beer and some great food, you must try this place.  They serve fresh fish every day and it's cooked to order.  We always have the fresh fish when we eat dinner there.  Lunch time is usually something else, like their mac n cheese squared or some sliders.  What I enjoy about this place is their variety of foods, from american to asian.  Want to save money and still eat well?  Their appetizers could be a meal in itself!  They are huge portions and things like chicken strips come with fries, anyway, so you can always order a beer and save money on the food. I really do love eating here and haven't tried everything on the menu yet.  I'm looking forward to more culinary adventures here soon!Some great tips: always ask your server about their favorite beers, or what beer they prefer from lagers, stouts, etc.  They are well versed in their beer and usually their preference is really good.  Another thing--their portions are big, so if you're a small eater order one dish for 2 people.  Seating can take awhile in the evenings, so coming in around 830/9pm may help seat you sooner.  If you want to eat dinner between 5-7 and you can't find parking, just use the valet right next to the restaurant side of town square.  It's open till the early morning and saves tons of time on finding that open space.
5	Yardhouse is probably one of my favorite spots!!!They have beer, a full bar, martinis, and happy hour. Which seems to run all night or something....I kid, of course. (Sheesh, I sounded like a lush just now, didn't I??? Hmm, oh wellz.)Their happy hour is the best. You can get like $5 martinis and half off pizzas! Once my friends and I got (unexpectedly) drunk off taking shots of Hennessy at the bar that we had to (HAD TO) sober up so..the half off pizzas really helped in that. There was 4 of us and 2 pizza and a stack of onion rings. Uhmmm, yeaaaaah...we reeeaalllyyyyyy needed to sober up. heeeheeeeThe best part of their menu is their mac and cheese! OMIGOSH, I cannot get enough of that stuff. I always wanna try something other than that but, I always have to have it!!! Its pasta (not macaroni) with bacon, mushrooms, cheeese (lots of it) and truffle oil. It's so freeekin rich. And kinda pricey. But, welllllll-worthhhhhh-itttttt!
3	I have been to this location several times and everything has always been great. The menu has great food and one cannot talk about Yard House without mentioning the beer selection.The only reason I dropped down a notch was because last time I was there with friends for Happy Hour we were at the bar, great service, and then once we moved to the table all service went down the toilet. It took forever to get our drinks and it was so dead with multiple waitress on duty. My advice, if your drinking stay at the bar. It's worth spending the time getting a bar stool.
5	While the Yardhouse is basically a restaurant for adults, it's also really great for families.I'm a huge fan of the Yardhouse, and even though it's a chain (there are locations all over the west), it has really great food and probably the best on-tap beer selection I've seen in any restaurant.As for the food, I've tried all kinds of dishes and I've never been disappointed. My favorites are the garlic lobster noodles, the surf and turf burger (a hamburger with asparagus, lobster and a bernaise sauce) and the "Spicy Tuna Roll" which may be the best appetizer in this type of restaurant in Las Vegas. It's basically a deconstructed spicy tuna roll that looks like a birthday cake  - with layers of endamame, cucumber, tuna and avocado. It's awesome, and even my kids like snacking on the endamame before the entrees arrive.The beer selection is immense, and it used to be perfect, but I have to take points off because they recently removed Tetley's (one of my favorite beers). But honestly? Any place that has both obscure Belgian ales AND Pabst Blue Ribbon on draft can't be bad.As for the kids menu it is what you'd expect, but all the food is just a little better quality than you normally get in a similar restaurant. In fact the mac and cheese is so good (I'm pretty sure there's some truffle oil in there) that your kids might not like it. Though, you'll probably enjoy it the next day for lunch.I can't vouch for the service in other Yard Houses, but the service in the one in Vegas has always been outstanding. And in the very few instances where we've had a problem, they've taken money off the bill and rectified the situation immediately.I can't say enough good things about this restaurant, and if you find yourself shopping in Town Square and need a quick place for lunch, it's really the best.
5	I wish there was a Yard House closer to LA within a thirty minute radius, because for sure I will be hitting that up for AMAZING Happy Hour deals.  I can't really comment on the menu outside of HH, but this was enough for me to give this joint 5 stars.Over 100 beers on tap that really make it both a challenge and a goal to try each one.  During Happy Hour the place does get pretty busy, but service wasn't the least bit slow for me while I was over.  In fact, our server was constantly attentive and made sure we got all of our food and drink orders in.I ordered a Miami Ice Martini ($6) and my friend and I shared some buffalo wings and seared ahi sashimi.  The drink was strong, the wings were bangin' (much better than the Hooters ones) and the sashimi was fresh and tasty.Definitely a great start to an evening of drinks and fun.
3	The yard house is so ridiculous on the weekends that it is so not not worth dealing with. It seems like the Vegas douchebags and  whores like to pre-game at Yard House before they go to Blue Martini. It's filled with drunk college kids and people who get sloppy. The service is terrible on the weekends at the bar, you almost have to throw something at a bartender to get service. The food is great though. Honestly, I have never had a bad plate of food from there. It is a little pricey for a bar I will say. They have a huge list of beer available on tap and it can be a nice place to go to if you don't go at the already pre-specified times by another reviewer. It's basically a less fancy pick up bar on the weekends for college kids. If you want to get loud and rowdy, this is the place to go on Friday and Saturday. If you want some great food for dinner before a movie that's not on the weekends, this is your place.
5	Yard House is probably one of the few restaurants that I truly love to visit from time to time and still won't get tired of their food. It's simply delicious! I've ordered the buffalo wings (for appetizers) and Maui chicken and everything was cooked to a different level. Although there were the rare times when some of their entrees wasn't as good, however,the awesome waiters will immediately take it off your bill. I don't know about some of the Yelpers, but Yard House is a definite yes for me. Eat up and drink to your hearts' content people!
5	I will make this a sweet and simple review.....1)awesome service2)awesome food3)awesome beer(s)4)awesome atomosphere(play lots of classic rock)A go to place for anyone!!!!
5	Love it! Love Happy Hour prices! Love the Sweet Potato fries! Love the service! love the tvs, the music, the lighting, the location (the Mall!)
4	Great place to visit for Happy Hour, love it. Lots of Beer to choose from, mmm, beer. They have a few TVs at the bar. Outdoor seating area, misters in the summer time, hate those things, if I wanted to get all the water from the misters in my food and drink, I'd be better off sitting right next to the splash zone at Sea World.Thing I hate: the loud ass music that they play from time to time. It's annoying!!! I walk out of there sometimes feeling like I just got out of a club! WTF.
4	Yardhouse is a great place to go during happy hour with either a big group of friends or on a date.  Eh, maybe not on a date, since the music is pretty loud in there.  The martinis are delish and strong and the variety of beer is amazing.   I just love the late night happy hour!  Last time I was there I got the Crab Cakes which were perfect!
4	Yummmm... Mac and cheese!I can't wait to go back!! I love this place!
5	Awesome happy hour!Our party of four took a short cab ride from the strip to check out their happy hour and were not disappointed. They had a great selection of beer and all of the half price apps we got (Chinese garlic noodles, artichoke dip, buffalo wings, nachos, pizza) were both large in size and and very tasty. Our server was friendly and fast! We will be back here for happy hour again on our next Vegas trip :)
5	The best happy hour!! Love it!I can come here with my hubby and relax after shopping and have adrink and yummy half price food for very cheap.We come here about 2 times a month...more if I go with my friends.Always great service even when its slamming busy.
2	I would stay away from this place on Friday/Saturday as it is crowded and even if you have table reserved they are weird about when your group/people are coming and you cant be at the bar and the table?  I went on a recent Friday night and I can tell you I was in no mood to be told where I could stand, sit, etc.  I have no plans on returning due to this experience (with a reservation).  There are other places for me.
5	I'm really not sure why I haven't reviewed the Yardhouse yet (being that I'm there all the time anyway) but I figure I chime in and give the Yelpers yet another review of an awesome eatery/bar.  I pretty much love this place.  The atmosphere is great, the music is usually pretty jammin (albeit someone has the top 40 hits on rotation nowadays and I'd definitely rather have the classic rock they usually throw on), and I always seem to run into someone I know.  Now, I'm usually not an advocate for chain restaurants but the Yardhouse has it's own uniqueness to pride itself on.  What exactly am I talking about you ask?  THE BEERS: the main reason why I commute well across town to Town Square.  The Yardhouse, aside from the Freakin' Frog on Maryland Pkwy, has the most impressive variety of beers available that I have ever seen.  They have all kinds of different types of beer for every type of palate and for 3.50 domestics and 4.50 goblets/specialty beer mixes during happy hour, that is definitely hard to beat.  I did mention happy hour and I will also mention that happy hour is the best time to go (10 to close Sun-Wed and I'm not sure of the mid-day happy hour but I know there is one).  Select appetizers are half off during happy hour and they even have well drink specials for the spirit and hard liquor lovers out there.  All in all, I must say that the Yardhouse is one of my favorite hangouts and they usually never cease to impress.  I say usually because they did get rid of one of my favorite beers (the Kulmacher Eisbock for those interested) but I guess they have another hundred beers to choose from to help console my woes.  Cheers and happy beer-ing..oh and please drink responsibly ;)
4	If this were rated on prices, this would be a 2 star. I love the calamari. It costs like $11. Its way more than i'm willing to pay for that stuff, but do everytime. So the story goes: they have hundreds of thousands of beers on tap....yadda yadda yadda...
5	How many beers on tap? Amen.  Come here to expand your horizons and then hit Lee's for your supply.  Tahi chik wings are $$$  I still havent tried the mac & sleeze to this day, mostly because im afraid of having a heart attack on the spot, but it's definately on my bucket list.  Actually everything on the happy hour menu is pretty darn good.  Poke stack, and thai chik pizza are my fav.
2	Until last night's visit to the Yardhouse I was a big fan....now, I'm not so sure, here's why.A good friend and his fiance were visiting from California and wanted to get together for dinner & drinks.  Since Town Square is located on the Strip, it was a convenient place for us to meet.  Over the past few weeks I've been drinking a lot of IPA's and Chimay and was telling him that the Yardhouse would be a great place for him to give them a try.  Since they don't have a Yardhouse where he lives in California, we were all very excited.The Better Half and I met them at the Yardhouse.  It was pretty packed for a Sunday evening but we were able to find 4 spots at the bar in the corner so we could face each other and get seated immediately.  After browsing the beer menu, we decided on a Stone IPA.....the bartender said they no longer had it.  Ok, how about the Long Hammer IPA?  Nope...no longer carry it.  He proceeded to tell me they only had 1 or 2 of the IPA's on the menu because they are in the process of switching out the menu......what?  WTF is that?  I understand changing out the menu, but not being able to offer what you have listed until you make the change.....that's BS!  Especially for a place that claims to have 100's of beers on tap!  Ok.....well, if that's the case we asked for a Chimay Triple....guess what?  They didn't have any!At this point I was a little embarrassed because I hyped up this place as a solid "go to" place to enjoy new brews and good food.  We settled for a Ranger IPA and called it a day.For food we ordered Hot Wings, 4 Cheese Pizza, Jambalaya, and Sliders.  The Pizza was very soggy, even though I ordered it well done....that's the second time we've had Pizza and it come out soggy....we won't order it again.  The rest of the food was good, but not great.Overall, it was a disappointing night at the Yardhouse.  There are tons of places in Vegas that serve good bar food, but came here specifically for beers that were not available....and that's suppose to set them apart from the rest.  I hope this was an anomaly and not the beginning of a trend.
3	I've been here plenty of times, so this post is pretty specific for the burger i ordered tonight.Came here tonight unexpectedly but as part of my burger rampage week, I decided to order the gorgonzola burger.  I actually enjoyed it a lot.  The burger came out really hot and it burned my mouth since i took a fatty first bite.  It comes with mushrooms and baby spinach which i love and the size of the patty was nice and thick.  I ordered it medium and it was perfect.  Sometimes when i order medium rare it comes all too soft and the burger ends up falling apart.  The only downside to this burger is that the bun is a little tough and its a little pricey.  Other than that, it was goooood.
5	The Yard House is a great place for appetizers, drinks at the bar, dinner, and just hanging out with friends.  I love the atmosphere and the one draw back is that it seems everyone else always has the same idea to go when I do.  So my only suggestion is to arrive to be pleased, have fun, and above all patient to be seated or find a spot at the bar.  My most recent excursion was for an ill advised late night snack that had me succumb to the delicious Calimari.  I do love to order this dish in many places but I always love how here it's prepared fresh and hot, and rather quickly and accompanied with the spicy tomato and tartar sauce.  I love the plentiful dipping sauce and attentive service for more on request.  I also appreciate how this is a place that serves fresh brewed ice tea for those of us in a hiatus from imbibing the many beers available on tap. So if you're a drinker, have plenty of hungry friends, love ice tea, and just want a fun time, check out Yard House.
5	It's been a while since I've gone back to this place. After some douchebag patrol at the Red Rock location, I am glad to be back to a more pleasant location. This place resurrected our night after some bad Leguntas IPA upstairs at the Ranch so another plus to my return visit. I don't know, but even though Red Rock is closer to my house, I still want to go to this one if I can help it. That's saying a lot for someone who wants to cut-a-bitch down every time I'm in Town Square....
2	OK, so I have been to Yardhouse a handful of times, and for some reason, every time I eat there, I feel/get sick later on.  ugh!  I would say they have one hell of a happy hour.  I would go here for beers and maybe an appetizer... other than that- I would never feel the need to be there!
5	This was our third stop for Angela H's goodbye party.I ordered a Boddington's and shared a Spicy Tuna Roll with my Yelp-izzle David C. The Spicy Tuna Rolls was made in a unique way and was very tasty. I ordered a Snake Bite for my second drink and it came out wrong. I forgot that Yard House was one of the places that call a Guinness/Pear Cider a Black Velvet. The waitress gave me no problem about bringing me a new one even though it was my fault.It was GOOD TIMES with some effin awesome people and a great place to end the night!!
3	Yeah, I forget what I ordered here.  I want to say...it was some pretty good chicken breast and mashed potatoes.  Something tells me my husband would have loved this place.  TVs everywhere, helpful staff...Really really good Diet Coke!All I remember was the sheer embarrassment of being the only person wearing a sparkly gold dress and a friggin bridal veil, only in Vegas...except we're not on the Strip, so now I'm totally self-conscious about a restaurant full of people staring at me...though not embarrassed of rolling deep with 14 hot girlfriends wearing tight black clothing.  Taxi service is slow at this venue, especially on a Saturday.  Doesn't really matter because you're in Vegas and after you're done, the rest of it just kind of fades to black, don't judge me...you know what I'm talking about.
4	Great place for happy hour... They have soooo many items to chose from..... Affordable..Plenty of staff... they were great at refilling the water... getting teh food and drinks..Lots of beer options on tap...Food was ok.... filled us up.... Nothing fancy...... No one got sick....We will go back...
5	This is one of my favorite places to visit.  I am always in the mood for Yard House.  Exiting appetizers, awesome entrees, great beer on tap and good music keep me coming back.  This a great place to get flame grilled, blackened or macadamia nut crusted fish.  I'm addicted to the pure flavor of the flame grilled Monchong, when available, accompanied by that delicious mango/papaya chutney.  Reminds me of the seafood I love back home.My beverages of choice when I'm there are Greatness and Eclipse.
4	My boyfriend and I continuously find ourselves here late at night... especially because we love the happy hour here! I ALWAYS get the mushroom and pepperoni pizza. ALWAYS. I don't know why, even though California Pizza Kitchen is right down the shopping center from it. It also does help that it's price is cut in half at happy hour... because we all know that food tastes better when it's cheap (but best when it's free!)I've only gone here once during the "3pm-6pm, Mon - Fri" happy hour. It's definitely a different vibe during the daylight, but still, same great food. The service is okay. Nothing spectacular, but they are generally pleasant and always accommodate our requests for a booth! I've also gone 2 different times with large groups, and they make sure we are taken care of at all times! Never letting a drink go empty for more than a minute.We continue to go back to Yard House for the great appetizers & happy hour specials.
4	I like the Yardhouse....yet another chain, but it's definitely worth your time. Their Happy Hour menu is pretty awesome...with a variety of food for everyone and anyone and drinks....reasonably priced. However, my favorite dish to get is the (Mac and Cheese)^2. Chicken, bacon, mushrooms and truffle oil....it's my favorite. Although at 17 dollars, it's not for the faint of heart. The bf decided to get the Pastrami Sandwich and he was loving it also. Who can resist some pastrami with shoestring french fries? I know I can't.Overall, this place is a good place to try lots of different beers and just to have some good decent food.
4	Excellent selection. Right next to one of the best movie theaters in town. Really good eclectic menu of food. It is more expensive than a normal bar, but it's worth it for Belgians and Imperial IPAs. Can get very busy on the weekends in the evening.
4	Whenever i feel the need to add some extra lbs, clog my arteries, and work on my beer gut I come here. So obviously i try to avoid this place like the plague for my own sanity. But when I have one of those "ah screw it" moment I get the mac and cheese squared. I think it only has 398,000 calories which 397,456 are from fat but how can you resist? Different types of cheeses, chicken, bacon, mushrooms, truffle oil. I think i may be bold enough to say its one of the best macaroni and cheese dishes you may have.I think everything I've had here has been decently good, when i try and eat healthy I'll order their chicken and veggie bowl. It probably has enough salt to flavor a sunflower seed factory but for it being somewhat low in fat and full in veggies, its pretty good. All in all not too many complaints, bad for my cholesterol levels and liver but hey we can still be friends Yardhouse.
4	This place is just fun. Wide selection of food, and an even wider selection of beers.Came here after a movie and it was a perfect place to just chill and have a beer. I ordered the pepper crusted gorgonzola burger. The marsala mushrooms and bleu cheese went really well with the arugula. A slight twist on your typical bleu cheese mushroom burger but the change actually means something instead of just having fancier ingredients for fanciness's sake. The patty was perfectly medium rare, tender and juicy. YUM. The beef was gamey, almost like buffalo, but I liked the change of pace. However, I do wish the fries were cut thicker though.Almost forgot, they had perfectly fried onion rings! Excellent texture, crunch, and flavor. Plus they come out on a tower, kinda like those kiddie ring tosses. Good stuff.Fun, delicious food, and delicious beer. Will eagerly come back!
5	you must come here during happy hour. half off on some 100+ beers they have on tap. go and explore. don't be scared to try out beers you have not heard of. you'll thank me for sure. they have an outside area if you wanna drink a brew in the heat. the inside has t.v.s where you can watch any sporting event going on. it's a definite hit up spot if you're in the area
3	This is a review about their happy hour sliders.The Skinny: okay burgers that have a poor patty to bun ratio and need more interesting toppings (3), service - long wait times, reasonable service (2.5), value: it's reasonable - not too expensive and within keeping with other happy hour specials in town.We ordered a plate of bearnaise sauce sliders and classic sliders. Serving sizes are large - one plate comes with four sliders and a side of fries.The sliders are served on a slightly sweet pan-styled bun. Overall, there is probably a little too much bun and not enough meat inside. The patties are well-seasoned, crisp however are a might on the dry side. The classic came with some standard cheese and pickle - which was okay but would have been better if there was some lettuce or tomato on top. The bearnaise sliders come with some fried onions which really improved the flavour of the sliders and texture. The bearnaise sauce wasn't anything I needed to go back for however.The skinny fries are okay when they're hot but once again suffer once they've sat out for too long. They are crisp but are a little on the thin cut fries side of things so it lacks some of the lovely mealiness inside.Overall, not bad sliders, but nothing really special. The edge goes out to the bearnaise sliders by virtue of the fried onion topping.
4	Awesome place. Has a ton of beers on tap and a pretty big menu. Never been there before, I asked one of my buddies what was good and he pointed to the spicy jambalaya. I decided to give it a whirl.We started with the crab/artichoke dip which was pretty good, a bit salty though. The onion rings on the tower were very nice. Fried perfectly and great dipping sauce.Jambalaya was pretty spicy.  You have your choice of pasta, jasmine rice or brown rice. Comes with peppers, sausage, crawfish, and some giant grilled prawns. I stuck with the pasta. It was tasty. Of like big brewery chains like BJs and Gordon Biersch, this one is probably the best of the pack.
3	Excellent selection of beers on tap. I would highly recommend coming here during happy hour, which is currently between 3pm and 6pm on weekdays and 10pm until close on Sunday through Wednesday. I believe most of their draft beers and many of their appetizers are half price. Otherwise, prepare to spend quite a bit (for my taste anyway).I've really only been here a few times. Each time, I've been able to find a beer that has been really enjoyable. On my most recent visit last night, I had a Delirium Tremens (a Belgian Strong Ale) and an Alaskan Amber (also an ale). I believe I once had the Delirium Tremens at the Freakin' Frog and it was almost $10. Here it was around $5.Honestly, I've always liked the idea of Yard House, but it's not a place I go to often. If it's happy hour, I definitely recommend it, especially if you want to try a new beer.
5	Headed here after a early movie for the start of HH. I always order the same things..seared ahi sashimi and garlic noodles. And it was perfect as usual. I love my take home box of the noodles for later! The prices for HH are soooo affordable its amazing!My bill is 11 something..leave 15 and Im outta there with a full & VERY happy tummy.
4	Another LA transplant, I'm thrilled to find has moved to Vegas!  Shoreline Village was a bit far.  This place is your standard "bar surrounding 100s of taps" type of place.  Indoor and outdoor seating.  The food is decent.  It's not all stellar but there are some pretty stellar creations.  Their CA roll is a bit unorthodox, but definitely worth a try.  Their ahi sandwich is pretty phenomenal.  As is their Sea Bass.  Their pizzas aren't half bad either.  There are happy hour times with some level of discount.  Favorite beers for me:  Boddingtons (a must try), Guinness, any stout, and yeah that's pretty much it.
3	Work nearby and am here often as part of the weekday lunch crowd.  The menu has enough variety, that it can satisfy a group of varying tastes, and they have a great lunch menu, with smaller versions of their regular menu items--  soups, salads, sandwiches and pastas---  all of which are above-par, especially for a chain restaurant.Props to the Cuban Roast Dip, or if you want to eat a little lighter--  go with the Thai Noodle or Ahi Crunchy Salad.
4	Great food...awesome beer selection...and good service. The menu covers just about anything you might want from a bar, mixed with some unique pacific style food (Anything Ahi here is good!).Seafood is always fresh, burgers are fantastic, and the beer is always ice-cold. Great children's menu too.
4	Great beer selection and food.  The service can be a little slow but you may not mind that since it is a great place to sit around the bar and try some different beers.  One of my favorite places in Vegas.
4	I was surprised that I haven't written a review for the Yard House...weird. Well to sum it up, this latest visit to the Yard House was for a close friends Birthday Dinner. I was only expecting five people or so, but she reserved almost 20 some-odd seats!!! So good to know that the Yard House does take reservations in advance for such a huge party.  The party didn't start off as planned since the birthday girl was nearly two hours late for her own party!! lol. However, thank goodness for the large LCD TV screens plastered on every inch and corner of this place, we were able to kill the time, starting with some drinks and enjoying Sunday Night Football at the same time...so it all didn't go to waste :) The beer selection is AMAZING! They dedicate a whole two pages of the menu just for the beer, I've also seen Beer Floats and I have yet to try one. If you don't want to spend full price on alcoholic beverages, they have Happy Hour from 10pm-Close. The Yard House...its an interesting restaurant. The ambiance in this place is...well....AMAZING!? ha ha. It's weird, you sit there at your table and the lighting is dim and serene, yet at the same time, with the LCD Screens and the bar smacked right in the middle of the restaurant, it's also like a pub! So...like a high class restaurant/Pub/Sports bar/Lounge? Does this make any sense? Because I'm just typing away and totally going off subject..........Food! I usually start off with the Calamari, the baby-squid type, not that O-ring type! Yum Yum....and my main dish is always the Crab Crusted Swordfish on Wasabi Mashed Potatoes. Absolutely amazing! The swordfish is cooked just right, every time I have ordered this dish, and not once was the fish over cooked. Its pretty pricey, $23.00 (give or take), but the portion is well worth your money! :) However this time I decided to try something else and a bit lighter. Since i filled my body with a lot of alcohol for the night, something big would get me sick so I decided to order something small. So I figured an appetizer, that's small enough right? I ordered the Ahi Poke Stacker which was $11.95. Ahi Poke is cubed raw tuna tossed in a mix of soy sauce, sesame seed oil, onions, limu, green onions. I grew up on this stuff, so I was quite curious of the Yard House's recipe. I was VERY satisfied. When I received my plate, first layer was ahi poke, then a layer of "fried something", next topped with seasoned sauteed Carrots, another layer of  the fried "crispy something", topped with more poke. It was light, refreshing, and absolutely delish!!! The taste was just as amazing as its presentation. :) My new favorite dish! Don't forget to finish off with the Kona Coffee Sundae for dessert, it's quite big, so you can share with a friend or significant other! Usually with big groups, taking orders could be tricky. It makes sense for a group of 14, to assign two waiters to take orders. After that experience, unless the two waiters can communicate good, its not a good idea. Problems such as taking double orders (esp with drinks..) not cool! But it was all squared away with no problems. Other than that the waiters were on their game and totally cool!
4	This place has an awesome, fantastic happy hour.  I've been here a couple times for happy hour and the deals are great.  I always get an appetizer, pizza, and sliders to share.  I've never been disappointed.  Everything is great.  I've tried most of the happy hour menu so I can say that with confidence.  I'd say if it's your first time the lettuce wraps are the thing you want to try.  The ciders are also great and not heavy in the alcohol taste, so perfect for the drinker that doesn't dig tasting alcohol.
4	I kept hearing about this place, so I was happy when me and one of my girls decided to come for a girls night out. We had a couple of cocktails each, and 2 appetizers. The drinks were surprisingly good! Even though I love beer, I just wasn't in the mood. We ordered the lobster/crab/artichoke dip and the spicy tuna roll (which is not your typical cut roll. It's delicious art). They are must orders. We ate every bite. They service was pretty good at the bar, but that's because we went on a slow night. I will come back again and I need to have some of those beers. Then I can give it 5 stars, maybe :-)
4	My FAVE place for happy hour. Especially great during football season. They have happy hour for Monday Night Football from 'kick off' to the final play. I usually order their fried calamari and a glass of white wine. Hubby and I consider ourselves "regulars". We've been to both Yard Houses in Vegas. Looking forward to the Yard House that will be opening in San Jose Santana Row in February 2011.
3	Ohhh I how I loathe reviewing another chain.  I have eaten here so many times and had an okay experience.However, yesterday I was there for happy hour with a small group, and we had our share of issues.  First - for whatever reason, the waitress stacked like 7 or more menus on the table, and never picked them up.  As people came to join us outside on the patio, we had to keep moving them on top of the planter divider things that separate the patio from the sidewalk.We ordered different flavored teas.  The waitress brought separate ice cups and was very slow to refill tea.  She also never brought the limes my friend asked for twice, until we flagged her and reminded her - she had to write it down.For happy hour, they make the chicken lettuce wraps half off but not the mushroom - weird.  So we opted for chicken...and out they came, with the nastiest lettuce cups I have ever seen - completely brown and pink, looking rotten and absolutely inedible.  Since the waitress disappeared, I had to wait like 15 minutes before showing her and asking for new lettuce.  Quite a while later, she brought a plate with nastier, browner, pinker lettuce.  I told her no way, and she took that away to show her manager.  She took that off the bill and replaced it with another item, and luckily the protocol is to have the manager come out.  The manager apologized for the "bad lettuce shipment," but I explained to her that under no circumstances should anyone in the kitchen allow nasty lettuce to be served, especially not TWICE.  I told her I strongly recommend that they do not serve lettuce to another person that day.  I hope she took my advice.  Kinda turned me off....would rather come back for beer than food now.
4	Had lunch at the yard house today , Sunday football season fairly busy. Ordered the crab, lobster and artichoke dip . Lots of crab meat and crab flavor, nice chunks of lobster, can't really taste the lobster because the crab was over powering . Maybe they should omit lobster and give a bigger portion or charge less. I'm guessing maybe 5oz portion of dip, comes w flat bread and chips. Onion rings served red robin style on a metal peg. I like these better then RR looked like made in house w/ a beer batter, and dusted w/ parm cheese. If this is the batter they use for there fish and chips , nice. I had the crab cake hoagie bread was toasted nicely , it came with two crab cakes about 2 -3oz ea. Bacon,tom  lett and onion. I could only eat half I didn't care for the Cajun aioli it came with, but that's not YH fault my own personal taste, next time I know to get tartar sauce. Fries was shoe string very good. Wife had the mac and cheese , with  chix , mushroom and bacon , I had a little taste . No big deal she liked it,i'm sure she'll write her review. Menu reminds me of claim jumper , something for everyone's taste . I would eat here again .
3	This place had the looks, there were big screens every where, football on and I didn't see a bad seat in the house for watching the game. When I go out for food, I am usually with my partner, he being a big foodie, loves to make suggestions for what we'll try. Sometimes, he's spot on and sometimes he misses the mark. I chose to start with a beer, after all they make their own, and well, it just sounded right. My selection would be a House Honey Blonde Ale. It was good and cold, smooth tasting with a lightly flavorable sweetness to it. (definitely the best thing I would have and recommend.) I would go back for it in a minute. The rest of my meal was not so great. We started out with two apps. The towering ring of onions, which was a tall stack of beer battered rings dusted lightly with some parmesan cheese. There was two dipping sauces, the standard ranch and the chipotle severed in tiny cups too small to dip a full size ring in. The batter was good, but nothing special. It was just onion rings. The second app was lobster, crab, artichoke dip. It had maine lobster, blue crab, artichoke hearts, four blended cheeses and came with chips and flat bread. It was sprinkled with bread crumbs on top and lightly toasted, so it had a little bit of crunch. It was actually better than I expected. The main entree' was the (Mac + Cheese)2. It was roasted chicken with applewood bacon, wild mushrooms, cheddar, parmesan, camponella pasta and truffle oil. I don't know if it was the truffle oil, or the oil from the cheeses but it was oily! The overall texture was nice when you got a bite of the chicken, the wild mushroom and the pasta altogether, but each individual bite was just weak! I didn't care for it that much. I took most of it home. My partner tried a crab cake sandwich and fries. I took one bite and wasn't that impressed, at least the fries were crisp. Would I go back? Yes, only to try more of their beers, perhaps the Lobster, crab, artichoke dip but not sure if I would try anything else.
3	Yard House-- in the middle of the street-- Yard House!A spin off of BJ's, but without the family feel to it. It's probably one of the biggest and famous chain of restaurant slash bar slash sports bars I know of. They're not really known for anything else but the different draft beers that they serve here but since I don't drink alcohol, I wouldn't be very helpful in that department. The atmosphere right when you walk-in is of most restaurants similar to BJ's or Alehouse. You'll find your singles at the bar watching sports, the flock of females in booths wooing loudly because they're in Vegas or locals that are pretending they're tourists and still wooing loudly aka Woo Girls (c) How I Met Your Mother. And sometimes, you'll catch the party of 15 or more in the middle of the room trying to celebrate or have dinner with friends. That's us.Yard House is pretty good about taking care of large groups. We celebrated my brother's birthday here and their service wasn't memorae but it wasn't horrible. They took our orders, gave us our food, checked on us to refill drinks, gave the check, and thanked us for coming in. Nothing out of the ordinary though. The happy hour menu (Sunday-Wednesday, 10pm-close) has a wide range of different eats! I highly recommend the garlic noodles, sliders with Bernaise sauce on the side, and the chicken wings! Superb! For something not on the happy hour is the New York steak salad. I'm not too sure how I feel about red meat on a salad because it's kind of a culinary oxymoron, but the way Yard House throws it together leaves me with some belief that there are chefs and cooks that know what they're doing in the kitchen! Comforting isn't it? Last notes: Call ahead if you have large groups. The weekends are extremely busy!
4	They've changed around the happy hour menu, but, it's a good change! AHI TUNA  SLIDERS FOR $9.95! They are good and SO worth it! Yeeeeeeeuh
3	Review for the food. It was ok nothing out of this world. I had the ahi sliders with a side ceasar salad. The sliders were good, had decent flavors and the salad was ..a cesear salad..so ya know. I wwould go here again to eat but i'm looking forward to going back and having some brews. they have like 100 on tap so it seems like a coll place to throw a few back.
5	It's my fave place to eat at Town Square. I'm not a big beer drinker but they have a huge selection and I do try new ones whenever I go. I always try to hit Happy Hour or Reverse Happy Hour so we get a good deal.Now that they've changed their menus they have a lunch special which isn't bad! I definitely recommend this place. It's not as snobby as Blue Martini and it's just chill. A great place to hang out with your friends!
4	Woah..SO good! This place is huge, the wait isn't bad, the prices are good, and the menu is spectacular! Great for small and larger groups alike!I went to LV for the first time last weekend and some local friends took a few of us non-local folks out for dinner Saturday night and boy did they pick a great place! We had a group of 6 and the wait wasn't bad for a busy/packed restaurant. They said it was their favorite spot and I'm sure glad we went off the strip to grab a bite to eat because they were right, this place really is great!Their beer selection is huge, the food all sounds great and I definitely had a hard time trying to narrow down what I wanted. If only my tummy could consume as much food as my eyes could! We got several rounds of drinks, some appetizers (the sweet potato fries with sauce are soOoo tasty!), and then I chose the Crusted Parmesan Chicken with sun-dried tomato and mushroom sauce. I don't really even like mushrooms but I was a member of the clean plate club here! My husband got some garlic noodles and they were amazing! Mmmmm!The server was super friendly, helpful, quick, and fun! We watched some games on tv's, laughed for a while, and had a great time. I wish that my hometown had this restaurant! The prices are great, the food presentation and quantity is awesome, and I would highly recommend checking this place out. Cheers!
2	Okay, there are a few things that are going to be brought up and I'm almost guaranteed to get a manager comment on this, but whatever, it's happening.Went here last night to try the Gardein line here. I was very excited to see that vegan meats have been added to some of their dishes. How cool is that?? But upon doing some internet research before we ordered, I found out that due to cooking methods, ALL of the dishes wouldn't be vegan OR vegetarian. They cook everything on the same grill as the meat. What sense does this make? None. It's like having a black coat and putting bleach all over it - it doesn't resemble a black coat anymore and is tainted. If you mix vegan food with meat, what is the point? And here comes why it is 2-star. IT IS NOT STANDARD PROCEDURE FOR THE VEG*N MENU TO BE COOKED IN A SEPARATE PAN. You have to go out of your way to ask for this, and even then a manager comes out to explain that it's not going to taste the same as if it were on the grill. Hmm - do you really think a vegan WANTS dead cow mixed in with her food? HELL NO. Granted, Yardhouse has already taken *some* action and put a little dot next to a few items that absolutely will come in contact with meat since these items are fried and have to go in the same basket as everything else. But they haven't specified that ALL the menu items will come in contact with animal products which is not okay. It would be really helpful if people who come here know this right off the bat. If I hadn't had my phone on me that night, I literally would have gotten sick since I haven't had any sort of meat in 6 years. Here's what I would suggest: just like other companies before you (Chipotle comes to mind), please automatically make all the vegetarian/Gardein items cooked separately from the meat. You don't want a lawsuit a la McDonald's. It is ridiculous that these vegan meats come to you and then you cross-contaminate them with animal sources to make them not even vegetarian. Oh and this isn't just for this Yardhouse, it goes for all of them - trust me, I will be contacting your corporate offices today. Also, it would be nice if you could put a little V next to the items that could be made vegan or are vegan on the menu. Makes ordering easier, and the confusion of your staff minimal.Anyways, I ordered the veggie sliders that come with fries, and we also ordered a side of sweet potato fries. Matt ordered a thai "chicken" pizza. After some back and forth, the sliders couldn't even go on the bread (only the wheat bread is vegan) so I got them protein style, wrapped in lettuce. The sweet potato fries we got as our appetizer were severely lackluster. Very bland, no taste, no toppings like sugar or anything. We couldn't have the sauce since it contained bacon, so I guess that's where all the flavor is. After the aforementioned back and forth with the wait staff, we got our food. Do they seriously only have the meat and the bun (in my case, lettuce) for the sliders? NOTHING else? No tomato or onion or even ketchup and mustard? For serious? The taste of the Gardein patty was wonderful, but for almost $11 for plain patties is ridiculous. The fries were way better than the sweet potato ones, but it just wasn't worth the price. I wish they would have suggested to make my order a veggie burger since that's essentially what they did anyways, was cut the patty into four pieces and pass them off as sliders. At least then I could have had the wheat bun and toppings. It was very difficult throughout the night to try and signal our waitress. I know it was very busy and that I did ask a lot of questions and such, but she was an expert ninja. Not the best customer service in the world. I also unfortunately don't see this Gardein line lasting here at Yardhouse. Until cooking the items separately becomes standard procedure, I can see a lot of vexed veg*ns. Honestly, what is the point of having vegan meats if they're going to end up on the same grill as actual meats? I just don't get that logic. Yardhouse itself is a bit pricey and I understand this, but at least give the customer the most you can. Plain sliders are not okay. In fact, I don't think I've been anywhere that has completely bare sliders. Due to the lackluster food, the outrageous price tag and the lack of good customer service, Yardhouse really deserves a 1-star review but I still love that a chain has decided to put vegan faux meats on their menu. The intent is there, but the execution is awful but can be easily improved upon. I might be back since there were other items that looked appetizing, but only when I want to deal with the headaches and the hassle. Until then, I'll stock up on Gardein at Whole Foods and make my own delights at home.
5	Every time I go here, I leave feeling so satisfied with the food, drinks, service and atmosphere. I experiment each time I go trying something new from their vast menu, not once have I been disappointed. YUMMO!
4	Love this place! But sometimes it disappoints me then they don't have my beer on tap! I sooo miss the yards drinks yard house use to give out!!! Boooo!
3	Mac and Cheese at it's finest!
5	Lets preface how I even ended up here: I was having a bad week (I got sick with a stomach virus, sick boyfriend, dog got sick from ingesting cat litter pellets, water heater broke, fought with my mom on her birthday call, neighbors stole my trashcans, my iPhone broke) so the Yelperazzi got together to try to turn things around. It's a real Yelp success story....We came as strangers and discovered friends. I mean I adore a lot of people on Yelp, but I'm particularly lucky to have met Jieun L, Anthony M., Elnino F, and Andy T who cared enough to get me out of the house and get me out of my birthday funk.  My BF reads my reviews and he also turned everything around with the small things. Thank you guys and I love you all. Beers are here so I have a hard time not liking this chain...with the circumstance above though I was in that kind of mood to almost hate everything because I'm reserved to being "done with" today. It's extra kudos to the Yardhouse reliable brews, decent food and our server that I still enjoyed the restaurant. Yeah there are setbacks like any spots but drink selections make me happy so it was a good choice to turn around any bad day. Our server (Mitch) was pretty good in service, had good beer recommendations and he also brought me a happy birthday brownie sundae (yay!). Nachos were pretty good and loaded with stuff. Sweet potato fries maple bacon sauce was delish that I want to pour that on just about every breakfast item. Ceviche spoons were fresh and light. Chicken garlic noodles- good but go for the plain garlic noodles. There was chicken, tofu, mushrooms, edamame, asparagus, chives, garlic, cheese and it's too much at once. Simple is better with garlic noodles.BF found a favorite beer worth mentioning- Rogue Dry Hopped Red. Smooth with a bit of hops...a good choice to baby step into the IPAs and DIPAs. He liked it much so that we went back 4days later to order this beer again...we never order twice since our goal is to drink down the whole list (past halfway). A few drinks and plates in we were laughing so hard that I was snorting. I mean, I like never do that unless I'm really fighting hard to stop laughing. Anthony has awesome one liners. Jieun makes funny beer faces. Elnino is a violent funny drunk. My BF coined some T-shirt worthy terms at the table. Andy is just a G and always for a good time. I expected to go home from work, eat lunch and stay home alone until my BF can get off, head to dinner and go sleep and forget about the day even being my birthday. Everything is alright when you have good company to make you smile.
4	I'm not really familiar with what food they serve here.To be honest I come here once in a while to catch a basketball or football game.  This location can get really packed during Thur-Sun night and being located in Town Square that's fairly common with the establishments they have here with the exception of Kabuki.They have a big selection of beers on tap in Yard House.  But with the way I am I don't  take advantage of trying out other selections. I'm a Guinness and Bud Light guy. The setting is like any other Yard House and the pretty friendly crowd.  No complaints here except at times its hard to catch the Bartenders attention.  If you're not looking to party but just want to hang out with friends to drink, eat, and watch sports, Yard House is the place to be in Town Square.
1	This was the MOST disappointing Yard House that I've ever been to before!We arrived and the host said to follow her to the table. A few minutes later, she finally decided to walk towards it after she was done chatting about things that were absolutely not work related.Once at our table, our magnificently pathetic server didn't even bring the 4 of us waters for a solid and literal 25 minutes. I did however get my beer in the meantime. We ordered food, and while we were all eating and drinking, the waters still never got refilled but once over a 4.5 hour time span. The waiter went out of his way to avoid our table because I think he acted as if we were way to demanding. I know that getting drink refills and taking food orders is a tough gig, but that's your job.We asked for our bill to be split between the 2 couples, and ours came out about half correct when he brought it out the first time. Then 5 of my buddies friends walked in the door and stood around to say hi because they'd not seen each other for years. When our waiter came back, I asked him to correct the bill and supplied my card to be charged the correct amount while my friend paid him cash for his portion. When it came back being delivered by another waiter, I'd been charged an 18% gratuity for a tab from a party of 9 (because of the standing friends), and my buddy didn't get anything back!The waiter had left because the place was closing, that's what he charged, and I was basically told that they didn't have time to remove the gratutiy and that they could charge it even if there was not a group over 8 people, and my friend was out $14 in his change because the guy just kept it.I'll never go back here again. They were terrible service, and terrible people. If you just did your job correctly in the first place, you wouldn't have to go out of your way to steel your tips from people.
5	It's pricy but the quality of the food is worth every penny. I just love to get a salad but I must say, the steak served at this place is the BEST I ever tried anywhere! Also, you can't get enough of the truffle fries...
4	I have been here about 3 times in one month, but I never complained until now. My friends and I went there earlier in the day to have dinner, but when we were waiting for a table, there were about five hostess' waiting there and doing nothing. After about 5 mins we finally got seated. They knew we were there, but did nothing.Other than that small incident, food is incredible! Id have to say the ribeye steak, macaroni and cheese are some of my many favorites. I've also tried a couple salads which were yummy as well!!
4	Sad to say...I'm a regular here! After living here for a while, you become desperate for a local scene to sit back and enjoy the games...thank god I found this place! Its the perfect place to enjoy the game while sitting by the fireplace on the outside patio w/ a more than courteous wait staff. It can be pricey at times pending your food choice, but its def a local favorite for me.
4	I'm no beer conossieur, but I enjoy this place because of the wide array options on tap. So fantastic. The food is pretty good too. I enjoyed the parmesan crusted chicken, while my girl had the garlic noodle appetizer. The portions were large and we were full after that and a few beers. My girl loves cider and enjoy the raspberry Wyders that's on tap. We were here for a friend's birthday party, so our group was pretty large. The service was lacking and they were slow to bring our drinks, food and checks towards the end, but all in all they were able to acommodate our very large group. I'll definitely be back, with a smaller group.  The weekends get pretty busy, so expect a wait for larger parties.
4	Yardhouse offers a great fair.  It's bar food on a more elegant scale, and I for one am a big fan of it.  Yardhouse is famous for all the beer it has on tap, i beleive its something like 100 types or somewhere close to that.  This location is in Town Square right next to Rave Motion Pictures, so instead of paying $20 for popcorn and soda, stop by Yardhouse and get a real meal!  You can go there just about anytime and have some great appetizers, entree's or dessert!  It's usually busy at night any time on the weekend so get there early.  Especially if your trying to watch the game.  It's a great place to go and I will go again, especially now since they have one in Red Rock Casino.
4	It was about 1am. After a failed night at Nu Sanctuary,  (fail on them, not on us) my friends and I decided to head over to Yard House and hang out.I was sad to find no happy hour, but that was my bad for going so late. :[ This meant that I had to pay full price for my appetizers? I haven't done that in...well, ever. Since I had to DD, I ordered a plate of fish and chips. I must admit, those were some pretty good fish and chips. It's not THE best I've ever had (check out my Mad Greek review for that), but it is definitely up there.  I was surprised to find out that their last call is at 1:45.  It reminded me of being in California.  I didn't think any place in Vegas had such an early last call, but since they close (what? they close?) at 2, it makes sense.  Despite us being there so late, I didn't feel rushed to leave.  I truly appreciate that because so many places are egging you to leave when it comes to the last 15 minutes of business hours.  Instead, they started to clean up around us, close up the bar, etc, but our waiter still came by to see if there was anything else we needed or wanted and even came by past last call just to double check we didn't want anything else.Overall, I am down to go back. Hopefully, I'll make it for happy hour. :D
4	To start off, I will confess...I am already a big Yard House fan. The main reason is it's spin on comfort food and enormous beer selection. That being said...Town Center Yard House gets the fourth star rating because of it's proximity in relation to everything around: shopping, movies, and bars. Here, Yard House is the perfect addition to a night out at the mall. - Gone shopping? Get a beer. - Seen a movie? Get some dinner. - Headed to the Blue Martini for a Natural Vibrations concert? Drink here first.The ambiance here is always great: kind of like a dark SUPER SIZED PUB full of beer selections from around the country, hell even the world. The food is as I said before, comfort food (or it could be the only things I decide to order). My usual order consists of either the Mac and Cheese Squared, Turkey Pot Pie, or Grilled Cheese (with bacon and tomato)/tomato soup. The M&C2 is perfect, what more could one ask of pasta, cheese, bacon, chicken, and truffle oil...brilliance in every spoonful. Turkey Pot Pie is an entire plate of turkey, cream sauce, and veggies covered in a flaky fresh crust. And Lastly, the grilled cheese is the perfect accompaniment of a cold day...or cold beer. Speaking of beer, try the sampler. Daily, the beers of choice switch up so enjoy the variety. Service is quick with the drinks, courteous, and fun to be around. Yard House in Town Center exceptional. Beware, place gets crowded pretty quick. Give it a try and see how new age comfort food is made.
4	Food pictures? ----- I only got couple + other's couple = many choices..Feedback? ----- sometimes services good sometime not; sometimes food perfect sometimes not.. so you should try it outWorth $$?----- of course! That's why I'm always here... :)Today I just 'type' few things nobody is going to list ( I believe ):1. Reservation:-- now accepting limited reservations for parties of 8 or more-- please speak with a manager about planning your event 2. Call ahead seating:-- call them and they will add u to their list if there is a wait for a table. -- call ahead is available for parties of six or less
5	Talk about a beer lovers heaven. Can you say 150 beers on tap? I can't hear you! Well, if that doesn't sell you then the diverse menu options are sure to. And if you still aren't convinced, imagine big delicious portions and an amazingly generous happy hour menu. Two friends and I recently enjoyed a late evening dining experience: Chicken Nachos, Margherita Pizza, Bernaise Sliders, Tomato Bisque, 2 beers and a martini = under $50 with tip. Great atmosphere and plenty of TVs for those who want less conversation and more game time. When the weather is nice, grab a seat outdoors and enjoy some people watching. Even when the weather isn't so nice (just for a few short months in Las Vegas) there are conveniently located outdoor heaters, as in they are out of your way and you won't burn yourself after stumbling out because you sampled all 150 beers.To my not-so-crazy-about-beer-people: take it from someone who doesn't care for beer. Do you like juice? Carbonation perhaps? I highly recommend giving the Lidemans Framboise or Strawberry Fruli a try. I promise you won't even notice its beer. If that doesn't work out Yardhouse has a great selection of mixed drinks and martinis. Try the Gobbstopper Martini or the Black Orchid Martini. And remember people: always drink responsibly :)
2	Service was less than expected. Water was only filled up once.
5	Great food. Awesome happy hour. A little loud... But love it!
4	This has by far been one of the best happy hour menu's.  They have their sliders, pizza's, and popular appetizers at a low price.  Well, if you bring a big group or if you're sharing for 2.  You can get about 3 to 4 dishes for almost $13.00.  The atmosphere of this place is ok, if you like that fast paced and loud noise ambiance.  It's tolerable, and I have yet to experience bad service.  The servers are quick to get your order, great with drink refills, and the food comes out in less than 20 mins.  (*QUICK NOTE: NEVER EAT HERE, NOT UNLESS IT'S HAPPY HOUR, otherwise you'd be paying $10 - $15 for appetizers and entree's*) Things to Order:  - Chicken Lettuce Wrap - Ground chicken sauteed with diced mushrooms, onion leaves, and spices, served upon a fried wonton bowl accompanied with 8-9 lettuce wraps.  There are three types of sauces, I think regular, mild and spicy?  I'm not too sure on that, but the regular sauce is my favorite.  - Fried Calamari - Nothing too special, but a definite must have for a vast mix.  The calamari is always fried to a crisp, tossed in a salt a pepper mix served with tartar sauce and a marinara sauce I think?  - Hawaiian Poke Stack - For some reason the fish tastes very fresh, as opposed to other restaurants who try their hardest to execute a poke dish.  Yardhouse I'd say, prepares it well.  Ahi poke tossed in a Hawaiian style marinade, served upon two wonton crisps with soy & sesame oil bean sprouts and carrots.  - Onion Ring Stack - An onion tower served with two types of sauces: ranch and chipotle.  I personally like the chipotle sauce.  The onion rings are fried to perfection, the onions doesn't slip out of the fried batter.  - Chicken Nachos - MMmmMm, a huge plate of nachos served with the toppings of a mexican nacho.  The cheese sizzles when served and the chicken is quite succulent, although the pieces should be chopped up a little more.  - Spinach Dip - My very favorite, spinach and cheese mixed together in a hot mix (not spicy).  Served with largely cut toasted bread instead of chips!  What's even better, they lightly top the bread with parmesan! This a definite must go to if you're having a get together.  The food is good, and so is the experience.  Another pro to this, is that after eating you can go watch a movie.  Since the movie theatre is in fact right across the building.
4	It is always a good time when I go. It is usually with a larger group and things work great. They food is reasonable and there is quite the assortment of beer. I have never made it there for the Happy Hour, or did not notice when it was, but the prices are reasonable for the location. It is quite a large restaurant and there are TVs everywhere. They have outside dinning, tables and booths.
4	Had a good lunch. Great service at the bar - numerous bartenders making sure we were covered. Food was very good.
5	I really liked the Yard House. There was entire section of vegetarian and vegan items on the menu made with Gardein. All of the options have dairy or mayo on them but they can be removed to make them vegan. The beer selection is impressive and made me super happy. I had a great beer from Dogfish Head. For happy hour all craft beers are $4-4.50 which is great for a lot of the obscure and hard to find beers on the menu.The server was very knowledgeable about the beer and menu and seems as though he wanted to help out. He had a great upbeat attitude. I will be here again for sure.
5	How do they manage to keep all those beers in stock all the time? I've eaten there over 100 times and only had two "not so good experiences." I like those odds.  Most of the time the staff is helpful and friendly. They seem to enjoy or at least "more than tolerate" being at work. The food is fantastic, the happy hour deal is a real bargain and they always have sports on the big screens. One more awesome aspect: the music kicks a$$. Southern Fried Chicken dinner is fantastic. The Korean short ribs are one of the best appetizers. I get "no onions" on my chicken nacho's and they are so thoughtful that they put the Guacamole on the side because it has onions in it, Attention to detail, that most places lack. A+. My two bad trips. 1: they matinee waitress was rude, probably just having a bad day, but don't take it out on me. 2: My Korean short ribs were real fatty and under cooked, I never NEVER send food back so I was S.O.L.  Overall I love this place.
3	This is a standard restaurant for us. A staple in our rotation. A "it's convenient", "it's reasonably priced", "the happy hour is good", "I'm not craving anything in particular", "let's just do something easy and casual" restaurant.It's a good place. It's just not a great place. Everything is pretty solid. But nothing is exceptional.The bartenders are very nice and helpful. They will give you a free sample taste of any of the draft beers. And it's a decent list of beers.The service has always been good. Even when it is crowded and very busy, we've never had any issues with the service here.One of my favorite go-to items on the menu is the bernaise sliders. The sliders themselves are very good. Good burgers and good buns. The bernaise sauce comes on the side. It is definitely not your standard bernaise sauce and would never hold up on a steak. But on a burger, this particular bernaise is delicious. The shoestring fries that come on the side are also great. Just the right amount of crispiness and salt.The pizzas have also always been pretty good. Along with most of their menu items.The wings, though, have been somewhat of a let-down. They are your typical cheap tavern wings, except they aren't cheap. Poor quality meat and not that meaty. The firecracker wings have a great sauce. Very saucy and flavorful. The buffalo wings, though, while there is a decent flavor to the sauce, is a very oily sauce. The ranch dipping sauce is well above average and pairs nicely with the wings.The atmosphere is ok. The space and decor works. It's definitely a family-friendly place, often filled with strollers and small children. The bar area can be quite full during happy hour. Seems to be popular with both tourists and locals alike.If you are expecting culinary greatness, you will be disappointed. If you are looking for a decent lunch or dinner after a couple of hours of shopping or before hitting a movie, this place will hit the spot. And the happy hour deals are great.
4	I love me some Yard House. They have great food and lots of variety, which I'm a fan of. Add alcohol and a great atmosphere and it's perfect for groups or even a date night. The outdoor area is my favorite. It's not as loud out there and there are heaters if it's too cold.When I'm in Town Square it's one of my favorite spots to frequent. I'm a big fan of the Wyders Raspberry Cider they have on tap. I almost always get that lately. So many beers are available too. Definitely a good deal for the location.
4	Yardhouse does not disappoint. I'm typically not a big fan of chains like this but Yardhouse delivers consistent gourmet bar food with a great lineup of beers on tap. There are a bunch of TV's and outdoor dining which is a plus as well.
3	This was our first time at Yard House and maybe my expectations were higher than they should've been.  The place reminded me a lot of BJ's restaurant, although this place had more of a different twist to their menu.  They also serve a ton of beer!  The display of all of the beer kegs right when you enter is quite impressive!  Since I'm not much of a beer drinker, I opted for the fruitier belgian drink called the Lindeman's Framboise.  It's seriously an alcoholic juice...very dangerous!  As for food, I think our eyes were hungrier than our stomachs!  We ordered the Truffle Fries (shredded parmesan and herbs) with a hint of garlic.  It was delish!  Then we ordered the Ahi Poke Bowl with some fried wontons that were also quite tasty.  Then we ordered Pastrami sliders which did not meet my standards.  I have had better pastrami burgers and this one was on the salty side.  The hubby also ordered Moo  Shu Egg Rolls (no good) and Chinese Garlic Noodles.  Maybe I was delusional to think that the garlic noodles would come close to Thanh Long's.  All in all, if you want lots of beer variety and a good atmosphere, then this place is for you.  Just don't expect them to excel in the food department.
4	I love this place! And once I heard they were opening one up in my neck of the woods (Nor-Cal), I jumped up and down with pitter pattering JOY! Their happy hour is well worth it. Half off most of the appetizers. Don't miss this one peeps!The food is somewhat more than the average price but well worth it. About 15 dollars on average for an entree. Our order: Coconut Shrimp: About 13 dollars for 4 large shrrrammmppss. Yummy coconut crunchy goodness. 13 dollars worth? Eh. I would have liked it a bit cheaper.Garlic Noodles: Not your average garlic noodles. It was more buttery than garlicy. It's not what you taste in most Chinese restaurants.Sliders with sweet potato fries: decent. To me, they were just a bit average. But nonetheless, good.It's a bit dark inside. Sets the mood. :opYardhouse, I like you. Yes, I truly do.
4	Got some disappointing news so my man decided to cheer me up with an evening at Yard House. As usual we sat at the bar (its where the most chill and fun people sit ...my kind of people) and we were greeted quick as lightning by Nick. He was very nice and got us our beer (I chose my usual Pyramid Apricot Ale....great girl beer...and my man switched it up and got a Murphy's Stout). The evening was looking up. On the menu they have AMAZING mac n' cheese squared. It has pasta that looks kinda like a combination of girl's and guy's junk...and makes me laugh....throw on some bacon, mushrooms, chicken, and a plethora of cheese and you have a fantastic dish. I wasn't quite feeling that on this somewhat somber evening so I opted for the Hawaiian Poke Stack and my man got his favorite bernaise burger. It was cooked perfectly and quite delicious. I wanted to throw caution to the wind and try a new beer. I asked Kristen to point me in the right direction. She gave me a tangerine white ale (I think) and was very knowledgeable about all the beers. Unfortunately, the tangerine beer didn't agree with my taste buds. I informed Kristen of this and she couldn't have been nicer, cooler or more apologetic about it (super professional). It truly was not a big deal to me for I just went back to my usual beer. My night got waaaay better thanks mostly to my wonderful man but I must say Yard House helped out the situation lots and lots. Will be back for Mac n' Cheese soon :)
4	Pretty cool place to hang out. Beers are great and decently priced (around $6.25 for the beers) and they have a HUGE selection. They also have happy hour, (half price beers) I believe its Sun. - Thurs. still from 10 pm - 2 a.m. Customer service is always great here. The staff is fun and friendly. However food is not so great here. I go to Yardhouse often for the drinks but never eat the food there. It's kind of bland and the price is not worth its value. But like I said, its a great place to hang out and relax, grab a couple beer with some friends and watch the game, but just don't eat here.
5	I was debating between 4 and 5 stars. But when I couldn't think of a single reason for a deduction... duh! 5 Stars!!Fat Tire, Peroni, Newcastle Brown, Molson, Lev... all on TAP! What a beautiful and most wonderful thing to have over 100 beers on tap. And the food, My God, the food Jerry!! I had the crabcake hoagie and loved it... we also had seared ahi salad, chicken enchilada stack, chicken fried chicken and an onion ring tower at our table and each was unique and excellent in its own way.The servers were friendly, fun and knew what they were doing. Sharp, crisp service and decor. The music was a tad loud, making it difficult to have a conversation, but with all the beers, let's be honest... our conversation would have been mostly gibberish and forgotten by the next morning anyway.LOVE IT HERE! This is a MUST when in Vegas.
4	I was there with a friend two nights ago.  We were seated right away and pretty good crowd for a Tuesday night. Ordered the fish and chips and and was delish.  Great food and washed it down with a PBR and Checvar.  I'm vegetarian or actually pescatarian and good to see they had a great vegetarian menu option.  Definitely will try that out next time.
4	Great selection of tap beer. The happy hour menu is definitely affordable and the place is crawling with fun people - so make sure you say hello to a few.
5	This place is good for BIG parties and I mean 20+ people. We had my bf's and his friend's birthday dinner few weeks ago and had so much fun. The servers were very friendly and accommodating. Everyone ordered the yardstick($13 for 2 glasses of beer) while I drank my water since I wasn't in the mood to drink. I ordered the steak and shrimp which I rarely order but since we were splitting the check, it wouldn't be fair if I paid $66 dollars for a pizza or a chicken pot pie. Which by the way, the chicken pot pie is HUGE! Overall, the restaurant is spacious for big parties.Met up with my friend last night. Ordered the calamari since I wasn't that hungry. I must say, not really a martini person since some bartenders make it really strong. But my friend introduced me to the Georgia Peach and Hawaiian sunset and absolutely LOVED IT! Not too strong but a creeper, so beware. My bf ordered the lobster burger and it was surprisingly delish! We also had the same server from a couple of weeks ago which she also was fantastic!
4	Totally dig this place.  The food was good, the beers were fantastic!  We tried about 15 different beers before we decided to stick with one.  The only downside for me was that during shift changes the service was totally crummy.  We sat at the bar and when our tender left, it was as though we were non-existent to the new bar tender that came on duty.  I'm just sayin'; empty beer glasses for over 15 mins is NOT a good thing.  Other than that, I do plan on going back and bringing several of my friends.  It's a great place!
4	This place has great tasting food which came out pretty quickly.  They also have an enormous selection of beer on tap and great service.
5	Came here today to take some unexpected friends out for some food. They were uber-hungover and needed some bad for you food. I had my monkeys in tow so it had to be some place loud. Yard House was the answer. The whole experience was wonderful starting from Amy, the hostess (she was very bubbly and genuinely cared about how my day was going) to Tracy, our server. She quickly brought out a Mac N' Cheese 2 for the kids (such a blessing to get quick food for little ones). We tried a bunch of different plates...like the ahi tuna poke bowl, spicy tuna roll, deviled eggs (which I didn't have...wasn't feeling it today), truffle fries, a burger with no bun, a steak sandwich with sweet potato fries drizzled with some honey sauce that made me want to scream with delight. The monkeys downed the Mac N Cheese like it was their last meal and were blessedly quiet. Will be back again soon :)
4	Visited the YardHouse at Red Rock Casino over the weekend.  It was pretty late, well after midnight, and we obviously got right in and sat down.  Wasn't too crowded.   Wait staff was accommodating and friendly.I had the chicken lettuce wraps.  My girlfriend had the asian pork bbq appetizer.  Both were pretty good.  The beer is good and they do have quite the collection from which to choose.We like to go there roughly once a month and that won't change after our latest visit.  Definitely a pleasant atmosphere and good place to get some food whether it's early or late.4 stars!
5	Bar none one of the best brewspot / watering holes for locals in Vegas
2	We come here because a member of our "crew" knows Missy, the manager.  I have been several other times before this and it has always been a great experience, but this time was just awful...maybe because missy wasn't there??Any how, it was a birthday party---13 people in tow, and not only was the service slow...they delived the wrong entrees to the wrong orderer, but they also messed up the birthday's girl's order THREE TIMES...btw she had ordered a standard item with no subs or add ons.  They also charged us for 3 drinks that we did not order...and the manager never came out to apologize or speak with us, he just took it off the check and didn't take the messed up entree off.  Our check was over $400...seriously, he couldn't take off a $10 sandwich that was presented 3 times incorrectly??We will not be having anymore celebrations there unless Missy is working!
4	Great beer selection, and the service has always been decent to good. The food is pretty pricey but I've only ever felt the dish wasn't worth the cost a time or two, generally it's very good. Weekend evenings are always packed so expect a wait.The inside is a great atmosphere for watching a game, and the outside(on a nice day/night) is great for a conversation.
4	If you haven't read my other reviews, let me tell you now. I am a fan of beer. So of course this place gets four stars with its wide selection of taps.My only problem is the ambience is a little cookie cutter box store commercial for me. Service has always been good, food is also good although a bit pricey unless you're there for happy hour, then can get some good stuff cheap,
4	We were very impressed with the selection of beers, and the prices weren't bad either. The place was packed, even though I could tell it was a "slow" day.
4	Tough to beat the beer selection, at least in this town.  I have never actually had an entree here, but all of the apps that I have sampled have been good quality and generally unique...On the negative side, you're going to battling a crowd most nights of the week and drinking here can get pricy in a hurry.
5	Love the different kinds of brews. FOOD IS AWESOME! I had a steak salad and it's the best ever~ will definitely go again next time when I visit Vegas!
4	A favorite local spot for my hubby and I as we live just 10 minutes from Town Square. The food is always very good, although the atmosphere can be annoying sometimes with the insanely huge singles crowd simply there to drink and look for a date. My only pet peeve about this spot is that they don't have any type of call ahead seating or reservations, so if you go on Friday or Saturday, expect to wait at least an hour for a table. Something like that just bothers me, I don't care if you want to take a credit card to hold a reservation like the high end joints do here in Vegas, but at least give us the option of reserving a table! Other than the insane waits and sometimes slow service, the food is great! Try the lettuce wraps!
5	Soooooo tasty!!! We decided to get off the strip with a local friend who suggested the Yardhouse. I've tried the one in San Diego which is OK so I didn't have high expectations, especially since this one is in a big mall. Well, the food and service were excellent. We had a couple of salads, the lettuce cups, ahi sashimi, mac n cheese and the beef dip. All excellent, but that shashimi won over 2 non-raw-fish eaters at the table. It was really outstanding. We will definitely be eating here when we're in Vegas again!!
4	April 3rd, 2011 (10pm Happy Hour)Ordered:Traditional WingsBernaise SlidersBBQ Chicken PizzaPros: * Good Happy Hour Menu Selections (including brews) * Decent sized portions * Lively atmosphere Cons: * Super Packed * Slow Service * Expensive for happy hour (food)Tips:* new on the menu : Ahi Sliders !* order your water with lemon to help cleanse you of that food smell after grubbing on finger foods. It's a natural antibacterial cleanser.* Scan Life avail. for those with Smartphones... its on their coasters !!  Okay, this place is another one of those places where service is not really a concern.  Service was a bit slow, but what do you expect from such a busy place during happy hour?  The food is good, especially the Bernaise Sliders (comes with fries).  I found it disappointing that there I wasn't asked how hot I wanted my wings.  I guess I've been spoiled with Buffalo Wild Wings.  I didn't get a chance to sample the pizza, but my friend ate up every last piece and had no complaints.  Happy Hour selection is pretty broad.  The prices are a bit higher than most happy hour menus, but the portions make up for it.  Other choices include Ahi Poke Stack, Domestic pints for $3.50, and Calamari.  A great place for late night eats with friends/co-workers. I'll be back for more for sure!
3	I was staying at the Red Rock & came here because...well, "worlds largest draught beer list" was why.  I live in Brooklyn, & so I was fairly nonplussed at the selection...but then, maybe I'm spoiled.  I have access to a wide beer selection in my day to day life.  The food was alright, though a little heavy on sauces & dips.  A bit pricy, so consider yourself forewarned.
3	The Cheesecake Factory of Beer and Food. Dinner is a little pricey so I like to come out more for the happy hour where you can get pizzas, wings, chicken strips, etc.  It's probably a step up above Kona in terms of the happy hour foods.I enjoy the beer flights so I can sample a little bit of everything.One thing I don't like about the Town Square location (and this is probably true at all Town Square restaurants)  is that it is the DBC....DBC being Douche Bag Central.....and the later u go, the more u will come across them.  No further explanation needed
3	For a semi chain this place has pretty good food.  The Mac and Cheese Squared dish is really flavorful and delicious.  However, some of their other food doesn't quite live up to that standard.  Burgers are ok, but not great.  Sandwiches are ok, but not great.  All in all though it's a fun place to hang out and drink beers and eat decent food.  Kind of heavy on the douchebags on Fri and Sat nights but honestly that goes for most of Town Square.  What's with that?
5	Yard House I love you!  This is definitely one of my favorite spots.  Always filled with people... varying from families, business get togethers, 20-something friends drinking.  Love it.  So versatile in your usage with this place.  I've done birthdays, dinner with my parents, happy hour with my friends... all here.  The food is always yum.  Love the fries, love the burgers, love the steak, love the salmon.  Okay there was one thing I wasn't fond of... I got wasabi mashed potatoes one time.  Weird. But I don't like wasabi anyway... had to try it still!  Now I know.The service is always phenomenal.  Look, I don't like beer, but there is some raspberry beer that doesn't taste like beer... and it's goooood.  I've always had a good time here.  I love the vibe of this place.  They play good music.  It's never dead.  I just, love it.
3	The more I go here the more "meh" I think it is.  I like going for happy hour and have never ordered off the regular menu, because it's so pricey and not super fantastic for the price.  It's a good place to go with friends and I'll continue to go, but the food in general is kind of meh. I like the raspberry cider since I'm not much of a beer fan and that is something that I've started to crave when I don't come here for a while, but I don't miss the food.Only come here for happy hour.  I don't think the regular menu is worth the price.
3	Price = Expensive.  I know, I know, it's on the strip and it's in Town Square for crying out loud.  But their beer menu has no prices.  Be wary, regular glasses are $6.  Their Bernase (spelling, I can say it, can't spell it) sliders are awesome but you might want some extra sauce on the side.  French onion soup is okay.  The parmesan sprinkles threw me off, but it was tasty nonetheless.  I had a BBQ bacon burger and it was okay.  Husband had a gorgonzola peppercorn burger...which was lacking in peppercorny flavor.  On tap Anchor Steam is delicious, as well as the on tap Blue Moon.
3	Boy is Yard House pricey. Good thing for the invention of happy hour. They hold theirs Monday through Friday from 4pm-6pm. My group got there at 4:45 and racked up most of the damage before HH ended, but the last few items boosted the check up by a third. The well drinks run for four dollars and change, while the beers cost around four to six dollars. All the appetizers are half off and a great deal. If you are like me, a few of them makes for a better meal than any entree. We got the chicken nachos, fried chicken strips, seared ahi, classic sliders, hummus, a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, and chicken wings. If you come during the designated time, then all of these except the hummus are half off. It is a great deal, but I would reconsider if it was at full price. They are generous with their portions. Both the sliders and chicken strips come in an order of four with fries. This was perfect because it matched the number of people at our table. Both dishes would be worth it at the regular price. The ahi tuna was cooked nicely, but the sauce was too salty. It definitely did not need soy sauce, but I used up all the wasabi. The chicken nachos were nothing special. It is a generous portion, but the salsa looked more like marinara, the chicken was on the dry side, and the guacamole lacked the tang and spice. They were also bountiful with the wings. Asking for them to be cooked extra crispy and having the sauce on the side guarantees for perfect wings. The hummus was packed with sodium and tasted a little bitter. The pizza came out quick, bubbling, and beautiful. Too bad, I was too full by that time, but my friend liked it.  If you ever wanted to try a new beer, but afraid you might not like it, come for happy hour. At worst, you are out a few dollars. At best, you might meet your new best friend. Another thing worth mentioning, the staff were on their game tonight. It was not that busy, but our server was awesome. Crystal was funny, sassy, and full of energy. The only reason why I gave them three stars is because I worry about the amount of salt they use in all of their dishes. I know people complain about MSG at Chinese restaurant, but I drank five glasses of water while dining and am still guzzling it now. It was tasty, but my taste buds are on over drive and going nuts.
4	Great place. The place is hard to find and is usually packed. If you like beer this place has alot to choose from all on tap so many choices for anybody. Food is kind of expensive but worth it. Very good food and great atmosphere with many people. If your looking for quite not the place to go. One bad thing is they don't have military discount which would make it even better but it is a great place if you want good food and great beer with many selections.
3	This is an OK place in my eyes, wouldn't probably wanna go back unless its for the beer. The night itself was amazing because we were there with good friends and it was really fun. The restaurant itself didn't impress me so much and the food didn't exactly take me to an amazing culinary journey. First of all, I was really impressed by their beer selection. My husband and I shared a Hefeweissen dunkel und it tasted really smooth and good. The service was relatively fast for how crowded the place was. They were trying really hard I thought. Still it took 15 minutes for our waters to come out.I guess I'm a little bit of a health freak and when I eat things I think about all the good things and bad things of the food for my body. I mean everything did have good flavors and was spiced pretty good, but I couldn't enjoy it so much and left the restaurant thinking 1. Am I going to fit through the door? 2. OMG I'm going to get a hearattache... The sweet potato fries were very very greasy and there was almost oil dripping from my fingers as I was eating my sandwich. Also, the food was kind of expensive I thought. The entrees were 10 dollars and up and didn't come with a side. They charge extra for the sides.
4	Undoubtedly one of the best Happy Hour specials in Las Vegas, when considering quality and price. Sure, you can go to the neighborhood bar and find $1 beers on tap at odd hours...but the quality offered by Yard House is seldom seen in combination with their prices. Expect to pay $4-5 for a delicious imported beer, $4 wells, or $5-6 for one of their signature martinis and cocktails. On top of that, their food is delicious. And by delicious, I mean I've never eaten anything there that wasn't. Generously portioned half priced appetizers will undoubtedly keep you satiated to the tune of $6-7, or you can enjoy their sliders or pizza selection for similar pricing. I rang in my 21st birthday here in 2009, and my friends had a blast exposing me to all sorts of fun delicious drinks - I can give Yard House some credit for the eclectic taste in spirits I have now. Take me seriously when I say, they have beer for EVERYONE. If you hate beer, THEY HAVE BEER FOR YOU. If you love beer, they have 250 of them! If you think beer is tolerable but haven't found one you love yet, get in your car *right now* and go to Yard House. I'm serious. My personal favorites are Goose Island Matilda, a Belgian style pale ale that tastes a little bit fruity with a lot of kick, and Stone Ruination IPA. They always card - ALWAYS - which I also enjoy ;)The reason they lose a star isn't even really their fault, but it does deserve to be said - cell phone service is RARE. I've received many angry text messages and voicemails after being unreachable for the few hours I spent enjoying my Goose Island Matilda and Ahi Poke Stack. No bueno. However, although Yard House doesn't provide WiFi as stated on this page, Town Square does and I have been known to bring my laptop with me for a working lunch here. With both afternoon and late night happy hours - you can't lose. Unless you hate food and alcohol and prefer to live in a cave chewing on cardboard. In that place, you should probably get off Yelp.
5	We LOVE us some Yardhouse!!  They always have great service, great food...never disappoints!  I took a picture of my favorite dessert-chocolate souffle'.  It's a tiny little morsel, and just enough to top off a fantastic meal.  It's only around $3, and it's pure heaven.  If you are a chocolate lover,  but are sick of restaurants slaying the "chocolate cake" with a mediocre knock off of a good ol' Duncan's Hines box cake--then this is your chance to indulge in a decadent, warm, rich chocolate treat!As far as dinner goes, I'm a huge fan of the Southern Fried chicken, and my hubby loves the Enchilada Stack.  We've never been unhappy with anything we order, they really know how to make a meal...even if it doesn't look at all like it sounds!  For example, their Mac & Cheese is so much more than "Mac" & "Cheese".  It's several kinds of cheeses, mushrooms, chicken, oh my!!We recently ate at a Denver Yardhouse location, and it's consistent with our Las Vegas locations! Oh, and I totally forgot about their vast array of beer choices--can't miss with this restaurant!
4	Went here for a dinner with 2 other couples for my hubbies birthday after a CMYE Yelp event. I couldn't decide since the menu is good sized, and everything sounded really good. They have "Snacks" around $3 - $5, Appetizers $6-10 and Entrees $10+. I decided on the waitress' recommendation of the Spicy Chicken Sandwich on flat bread with Truffle fires. I guess it depends what you order, the burgers and sandwiches come with a side, but not sure about other items. My sandwich was AMAZING. I did add avocado to it too! I was stuffed at the end and it wasn't a healthy meal but it wasn't heavy either. I'd definitely go back. Remember if you are ordering mixed drinks to say "light ice" or you will get 3/4 cup ice and a few drops of alcohol :p
4	Finally tried their veggie wings, and wow! It was excellent! It's definitely worth trying if you're not eating meat! I actually love this location compared to the other one....the only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because the effen server had a slight attitude...well I actually pulled the manager aside to make sure that I was really eating veggie wings and not real chicken because it was deelish and couldn't believe it was soy meat. I guess our server saw us chatting it up w the manager and decided to confront us! ....wrong thing to do so that deserved a star deduction...anyway overall a good location. Even though we had n attitude issue w this specific server, it's still a better yard house than the one at red rock.
4	Second time here, after a Sunday evening at the movies, decided to return to Yard House for dinner. I had the blonde house Ale and that came fast and cold! I was thirsty and this hit the spot. For an app, we had had the onion ring tower once before and my husband ordered it again. It was just like our previous version, just fried onion rings served with dipping sauce, it was just okay. I wanted to try the french onion soup and I could add that to my pastrami sandwich. The soup was really good, served with deep rich flavors of the beef broth and onions all covered with melted cheese and under cover, the french baguette bread. Very good soup. My pastrami sandwich was served with pickle and fries and had a fair amount of meat. It was served on fresh bread and was a decent size, my husband had ordered the seared tuna sandwich and we decided to trade off, he took half mine and I took half his. I do have to admit, my pastrami was better. The tuna was lightly seared and seemed fresh, but I like my tuna sashimi style without any bread! We did enjoy the meal, however, I guess it's not an impressive place for eating. Since their focus is on the over 100 beers served, this is more of a drinking place.
4	I have recently gone vegetarian and I find some sort of irony that this new diet is what has brought me to Yardhouse in Vegas for the first time. I have been to Yardhouse before in a few other cities, but had a friend tell me last week about their vegetarian menu.They use a meat substitute called gardein and it can be used in any of their dishes but they even have a section of the menu devoted to all of their vegetarian dishes. I decided to choose the chicken & veggie bowl with jasmine rice.. I expected it to be like a teriyaki sauce, but I have to admit that was my own assumption... In spite of not being sweet like I expected, it was a very delicious meal that I thoroughly enjoyed. My friend ordered the veggie chicken strips with a side of sweet potato fries. Of course I had to try this and I have to admit I would have loved to have ordered those too...I think this is going to be another one of my new spots to frequent as it can totally fit into my diet and keep others around me happy too...yay!!!PS: Can someone tell me why this isn't classified under vegetarian?? I would have found it a lot sooner...
4	Awesome happy hour. Awesome beer selection - for the beer lovers. Awesome food. 1-10 I would give service a 5, it can be good or bad. Town Square is an awesome location and this place is a win if the weather is nice and you can eat on the patio. The menu is huge, I try to sample something new each visit. Last time I went with the NY Steak Salad, AMAZZZINGGG. The silders are awesome also!
4	I came here with my husband and a few friends, just walking in to your left you can see kegs upon kegs of beer! It was beautiful! I really loved the atmosphere, low lights, with candles on the tables. Plenty of televisions around the restaurant with sports on. The alcohol menu was unbelievable with all the options of beer, anything you could possibly think of. One that caught my eye which i SADLY did not get to try was an actual Beer Float. MMmm sounds tasty! For dinner I ordered the turkey club, which was absolutely AHHHmazing! My husband ordered the barbecue bacon cheeseburger which he downed within a matter of seconds! The only downside is there is no military discount!! We will definitely be making a second or third or maybe even fourth trip there again! :)
3	We came here for drinks after the Pacquiao fight. We didn't eat anything, but Yardhouse always has a solid selection as far as adult libations are concerned. The servers are cool. Pretty on par with other Yardhouses, although this one seemed to be pretty packed.
5	I am giving yardhouse 5 stars for the awesome Valet that is right outside the door (let me keep my truck parked over night so I could get home safely by another means) ; the awesome Thai pizza we tried, the excellent service we received, the crazy busy environment for a Friday night gathering and just an all out good time had by all. Try the Gummy Bear shots here. Nick makes them awesome but wont tell me what is in them. Will be googling to see if someone has the "Secret" recipe :-)
4	Yardhouse is renowned for the selection of beer they have. To my shock and excitement, my favorite German beer (which just so happens to be Warsteiners!) is featured here for only $4.50! The beers here are magnificently cheap, depending on which you order of course, but its definitely in an affordable range. If you're looking for an adventure to venture away from the general beers of Bud Light and Corona, they have a variety of different beers from different countries... on tap. Yes, you heard me right. On tap. I only tried the ahi and the flatbread with artichoke dip, which wasn't that bad (flatbread and artichoke is beginning to be a little more redundant for an appetizer meal nowadays, but the ahi was seasoned and seared deliciously!) It was only a Wednesday night and the bar was crowded and lively. This is definitely my place in town to where I want to go for beer that's from different countries and you don't need to feel like you're getting ripped off like you would at other places on The Strip.
4	korean bbq beef appetizer w/ brown rice and veggies.. couldn't believe how full i got off the appetizer. i also had linderman's framboise it was a fruity "beer" i liked it! i need to venture out in tasting other beers there. the seared ahi salad isn't the ahi caesar salad, so don't get it twisted like we did. the seared ahi salad was a salad you can make at home, and the seared ahi was thick and overly seasoned. the atmosphere is great and is a great place to meet up before catching a movie at rave.
5	Always great food and the best beer selection in town. Prices are a little high. Town square is great. This is a great place to watch a game or have beers and eat. Excellent quality and always excellent!!
5	Let me first start out by saying our server Erika, was awesome! Excellent, excellent service from this gal. Anyway, I came here once again on the 2nd with my guy. We were seated immediately by a nice hostess without having to wait. Not too long after we sat down, we were greeted by Erika! She was so friendly, fast, and attentive..even with the place being quite busy. My guy got the jumbo shrimp with Indonesian rice and spinach and I got the fish of the day which was the tombo, served with white rice, broccoli, pesto, mango chutney, and another sauce which I don't remember...sorry! Moving on, the shrimp dish was excellent! The rice had a lot of flavors and the sauce they had for the shrimp was a wee spicy..yum! The fish on the other hand, was over done and came out a little dry. So we informed Erika, and bam! No problem! She was so sincere and I actually felt bad that I had to send it back, but the guy insisted. They actually gave me a new plate with the perfectly done fish and once again, Erika was there to make sure everything was right! She also made sure our glasses of water never went empty!We finished off the meal with a chocolate souffle and as usual, it was deelish! The whole meal cost us 69 bucks and we made sure we left our server with more than 20 percent! Great food, excellent service, equals a great night at Yardhouse!
4	My husband and I were meeting a friend at Town Square to do a little shopping, have dinner and then check out Ladies Night at Blue Martini. We decided to have dinner at Yard House. Although it seemed like it was really busy due to the number of people standing around near the hostess table, we only had to wait a couple minutes before being given the option to sit outside(quieter) or inside. We ended up sitting in a booth inside. A major reason to go to Yard House is the beer selection. I love Lindeman's Framboise, so when I saw the Youngberry Chocolate on the menu I had to try it.  It is Lindeman's Framboise & Young's Double Chocolate Stout and oh so tasty. For my meal, I had the Ahi Crunch salad was good but not great, mainly due to boring veggies. The ahi was seared perfectly and well seasoned, I think I would have been better off with the ahi poke bowl. We ended up skipping Blue Martini. Drinks were cheaper at Yard House for the guys (and martinis are always $10 at Yard House versus the $12+ pricetag at Blue Martini when it's not happy hour!!!) and the atmosphere was nice and laid back so we just stayed there. Yard House is definitely a place we will go back to.
4	I've been here a couple times before, but once I turned 21 this has been one of my go-to spots for happy hour because the specials are amazing! The fact that they have mini take home happy hour menus makes it all the more tempting as well. Allow me break it down for you:Happy hour is Mon-Fri 3pm-6pm, Sun-Wed 10pm-closeDomestic Pints - $3.50, Craft&Import Pints - $4.25-$4.75Sliders served on a bed of fries  ($6.75): Classic, Bearnaise, Pastrami, Turkey, Veggie. Ahi is $9.95Half priced pizzas: BBQ chicken, 4cheese, Ham & pineapple, Margherita, Pepperoni & Mushroom, Spicy Thai ChickenHalf priced apps: Crab cakes, Calamari, Cali Roll, Chinese Garlic Noodles, Chicken Nachos, Onion Ring Tower, Wings, Boneless wings, Veggie wings, Hawaiian Poke stack, Spicy tuna roll, Seared Ahi Sashimi, Chicken lettuce wraps, Fried chicken strips, spinach cheese dip, Moo Shu egg rollsDoesn't that just BLOW your mind? It's like a plethora of cheap happy hour eats and you'll probably get full off of one order of sliders, or 2 of their apps. So far I've tried:-Bearnaise sliders (Bearnaise sauce and fried shoestring onions on the patty w/ a side of very skinny fries that are tenderly cooked with a very light batter coating which gives them a perfectly crunchy exterior and "juicy" inside)-BBQ chicken and Margherita pizzas (They pretty much taste as they should. Sometimes the BBQ chicken is a little too saucy for my taste though)-calamari (Yum. Perfectly fried on the outside and melting on the inside. Served w/ marinara and, I wanna say tartar sauce? I usually go with the red..)-Traditional wings (First and last time I had these, they were so spicy! My bf couldn't even handle them and he claims to love hot stuff, hehe. The thing that I don't like about these wings is that you can't choose how spicy you want them, so you have to be prepared for whatever they give you)Everything I've tried has been pretty good so far and there is still so much more I have yet to try! I know my boyfriend has been having some sort of frenzy over the happy hour poke stack. He's gone to this location about 4 times in the past month, by himself, just to sit and eat the poke stack, so I can only guess how delicious it must be. Key points:-Happy hour is awesome here-Traditional wings are hot! (at least for me)-Calamari is delectable-French fries are close to perfect-Great for groups-Service has been pretty fast on the days that I've gone
4	came here for a light lunch yesterday with a friend and her son. this review will be about their food and not their beer seeing as how i am not a beer drinker (although i hear it is amazing if that is what you are looking for.) we were seated right away around 2pm. our waitress was super friendly and helpful with the menu and pointing out their lunch specials they had on the last page of their menu. she also was good at entertaining my friends two year old son. that was a relief! we decided to share some snack size guacamole. it was pretty good. it also had feta cheese on it which scared me at first. i have never had feta cheese on guac and never would have thought to put it on, but it turned out to be delious! we also got a snack size of the truffle fries which were addicting. i could have ate the whole bowl by myself. for the main course we shared some margarita pizza. it was pretty good. tasted a little salty, but not an overload. still good and had me eating more.i never would have expected yardhouse to have pretty decent food but i was impressed. i think i will be back to try a few drinks and some more snack size bites that won't be breaking my bank.
4	My favorite place for beer.  The tap selection is unthinkable.  I like to try a different beer each visit to expand my knowledge.  The staff is also great and the food is good.
4	If you love beer, then you'll love Yard House.I love going here for happy hour because you get discounted brews and half off selected appetizers. The food here is solid to compliment your beer. It's a little more upscale bar food. There are more fancified dishes if you choose to go that route.I really like the mac and cheese squared. It has truffle oil which is always a win with me. The service is pretty good most of the time. The servers are pretty attentive even when being slammed during happy hour. I went here for lunch the other day and they have decent lunch specials (around $7.95). I got the french onion soup paired with a crab cake hoagie which was pretty good. The food is decent but the selection of beer (over 100 drafts) is what you should go here for.
3	I've been meaning to do a review of Yardhouse for awhile now as I have been on countless ocassions and  tend to always hit up this place if I happen to be out with a group at Town Square.Honestly I think the vibe of this place used to be a little better when Town Square wasn't as "known" as it is today. Meaning I liked it better when a niche group of people frequented the establishment and not everyone and their mother, plus their slutty cousin wearing a mini-dress and stupidly high heels from out of town was there. I just find it a *little* annoying when I show up to a *bar* and the people patronizing it look like go-go dancers. *shrug*Anyway, if you do go on a week night it has a much better vibe, more beer lovers and people just looking to wind down and relax in a cool bar.I absolutely do not recommend eating here unless you're doing happy hour. The prices in my opinion do not reflect the quality of food. I once got the chips and guac... and they literally put 20 chips on the plate. I counted and yes, I am serious.I like the selection of beer. I'm kind of limited though, because I usually drink wheat-beers or Smithwicks. However I have had some of the more fruity concoctions as well.Overall I think it is a good time, just heed the advice about going when the different crowds tend to be there. If you want to just hang out on a Saturday night and not be bombarded, probably not so good, so go on a week night, or if you do want a little more of the crowd and craziness then feel free to hit it up as a fun weekend spot!
5	Went last night to yardhouse and had delicious chicken nachos and Parmesan crusted chicken and it was wonderful. But the highlight of the evening was my dinner was soraya. She had a great smile and great personality and had excellent service skills. I would say she is 1 of the best food servers I have ever had. Her knowledge and expertise were wonderful and she gave a great experience. She deserves 10 stars!!!!
5	The music is a little too loud, but their food is so good. Their burger with the lobster and asparagus is my favorite meal on the menu. Love it!
4	Long wait but it's understandable cuz it's a cool place to hang out. Their sliders & happy hour specials are the best!
5	Yard House has been updated to a 5 star, after several visits helped to elevate it to one of the best overall restaurants on the west end.The most recent visit was after a disastrous experience at the Gordon Biersch down the street (See Review). I am willing to admit that my disgust with GB's could have influenced this particular visit to Yard House, but after all, the right time and the right place are also factors by which we develop opinions.I had two items off the happy-hour appetizer menu, the Seared Ahi Tuna and the Spicy Tuna Roll.The bartender kindly warned me that the Spicy Tuna Roll was presented in a completely different manor than I was probably used to, offering my a bit of his personal insight to allow me an opportunity to rethink my decision. But I am a culinary warrior with the self-proclaimed fortitude that has catapulted me toward some of the worlds greatest food discoveries - and I was not about to be deterred by unconventionalism.The presentation was unusual, to say the least. But this work of art was visionary delight, in a castle of tuna, a delightfully mild wasabi sauce and a number of items I wont embarrass myself trying to identify. It was almost too beautiful to want to breach the walls of this incredible castle, but the urge to sample its goods was too tempting. I can say, although its taste resembled a spicy tuna roll in many ways, it uniqueness made it truly a one of a kind item.The Seared Ahi Tuna, which I had had before, was delicious as always and its presentation rivaled that of its chivalrous brother.I am truly blessed to be within a stones throw of Yard House. I suggest you stop in some time - you might just see me there.
4	The pepper crusted gorgonzola burger was delicious.  It was pretty busy, but didn't seem chaotic.  We sat outside, it was relaxing and the service was still good.  They had a ton of beers to choose from.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Great spot for drinks and apps.  I think the entrees are over rated.
5	Mitch was my server, and he was the best ever.I came here the other day while I was on a short family visit.   My mom was looking for a dress in Town Square, and we decided to lunch at Yard House.  Generally I am a difficult person to eat with because of my dietary restrictions, but thanks to Mitch my life was made easier.Yard house, a veggie/vegan portion of the menu that has mock meat dishes.  This basicall means, you can can get most the items with meat on the menu, with veggie meat instead.  I had a grilled spicy chicken sandwich on sourdough, with fries.  It was good,  not huge (which is good), and it came with Fries...The yard house fries are so good, since they use truffle oil.  YAY!  At the time i ordered my server wasn't sure if everything was 100 percent vegan, without having to ask he went out of his way to make sure I was eating no animal products. (THANK YOU!).  Having a server check with out asking is amazing.  No one ever does it, and nothing spoils a meal like hidden animal bits.  I will come back here again, especially when I am with family or other meat eaters.  A great place for non adventurous eaters.
5	I've been to Yard House about 5 times, for lunch and dinner.  I gave 5 stars because not once have I had a bad experience.  The food is always good, the service is quick, and the atmosphere is not too loud, but not too quiet... it's just right.
4	This is always a convenient spot to drop by at town square for happy hour or a drink to cool yourself down from walking around town square in 100F+, or while you're waiting to watch a movie.I like that they have framboise on tap and i'm a fan of that.  The half price happy hour items feature their regular appetizers that come in full portion.  The tuna tartare stack or california roll (a stack of avacado, edamame and raw spicy tuna) are great.  Their thai chicken pizza is a great beer food item.  Chicken nachos is also good if you can handle the portion.I used to go to Blue Martini upstairs a lot more but since they changed the menu Yardhouse just became a better choice.
4	So let me say that Mitch who was our server was awesome!  My sister is vegan & they have a whole section on their menu of vegetarian options.  He went back to the kitchen to ensure that the product was purely vegan!  Not only that he was very accommodating with her order.  (She got the gardin spicy chicken sandwich).  She said it was tasty & would come back.  I had the Turkey Burger which was one of the best tasting burgers I've had in a long time.  Since I didn't Want fries Mitch patiently ran down my other options until I decided (on mixed veggies which were crisp & not covered in butter & crap).  My mom got the beef sliders & she was very pleased.  We will all come back again since the service was Fab & they are vegan friendly!
4	Great Lunch or Casual Dinner SpotGreat ServiceGood FoodGreat ValueAwesome selection of beers.We have taken friends and family from out of town here and everyone has enjoyed it.what more props could you give a place!
4	Good place to chill with friends and watch a sports game, horrible place for a first date because it's too loud
4	Ok so my last 2 -3 trips to YH were lackluster, as I previously wrote about.But I have to give props for my visit on 7/26, and our server Jameson.He didn't mess up a single order for our entire group, got drinks and shots and refills out quickly, and was really fun and entertaining.Our group ordered the coconut shrimp appetizer, chicken nachos, poke stack, a vegan BBQ Gardein salad, Gardein pasta, a chicken enchilada stack, a couple burgers and whatever else I can't remember.The food was good, served hot and it makes all the difference in the world to have an efficient server!Nice job, Yard House.
4	Consistently Good.Been to several around the states and never been disapointed.Great beer and beer selection.Both the food and finger food good also.Im usually get appetizers only and focus on the beer.
4	Normally you would never catch my Yelping about huge corporate giants. I don't think I need to add to their marketing scheme, but I couldn't resist adding a review. My review is completely based on this location only. I come to this Yard House a bit too often during their happy hour. I love it because of their late night happy hour. After a long day of school and work, I'm usually done way after the normal happy hour ends. Fortunately, Yard House caters to the night owls out there and starts at 10pm on Sunday-Thursday. Now, I'm sure none of this is new to anyone, every Yard House in the nation offers late night. Here's why I love this location:The bartenders here are the best in town. I have come to love the 6 main guys that work the later shift. I usually have one of them pick out my beers for me, and he's always spot on as far as my cravings go. The bars on the strip could really learn a bit about service from these guys. I wouldn't recommend sitting at a table. SIT AT THE BAR! No wait and better service.
4	Been wanting to try this place for a long time. I was with a friend, a vegetarian friend, and Trying to decide where to eat, I remembered about yard house serving vegan food. I also like vegan dishes but I like to add meat to them just for flavor. I ordered the fried calamari, not calamari rings, this one had tentacles and all. Also ordered The vodka shrimp pasta, which it was very good even though I couldn't taste the vodka. (There goes my plan of having food and drink for the price of one.)The beer selection is humongous . Like a kid in a candy store i couldn't decide what to get so I went with the diet coke.My friend ordered some green stuff and some green tea.Atmosphere is great! Clean, great service, nice place to watch a game or meet some friends.                                 Think I be back.
4	Good food and drinks! I had a margarita pizza and bikini martini. Both really good!
4	I usually don't go for corporate run places like this, but they seemed to do a good job on this place with out trying to hard.It is a huge place with a the bar in the middle.  They have a ton of beers on tap!!  We lucked out and got there at happy hour.  I can't remember the names of the beers, but the brown ales were right on!  I tried the Irish Creme Ale (I think that was the name of it.)  Being half Irish I wanted to get back to my roots... : )  It wasn't my favorite but it was still good.  Tried some sliders with a side of bernaise sauce,  they were tasty.  I was pleasently suprised with this place.  I think getting there at happy hour may have made my experience that much better.
5	Great Cajun Chicken Sausage with the Jambalaya!
5	The staff: We always get some really outspoken and personable server.  Whether it's when we're sitting outside, getting showered by the misters, or we're inside and my friend Grace is spilling her water all across the table and I'm pulling a Neo and miraculously dodging a drenching; they've always got some witty remark to keep the ball rolling.  Maybe we're just setting them up with situations to be a smart ass, or they're just naturally that clever.  Either way, it's always a good time.The goods: Happy Hour. Happy Hour. Happy Hour. Happy Hour. Happy Hour.  Their apps are re-dic and when they're half off they taste even better.  Love the calamari and chicken tenders.  Had a beer called "Twilight".  Combination of Guinness and Blue Moon.  Honestly I just got it because I hoped Edward Cullen would come sprinting around the corner.  Kidding...or am I?  No, seriously though, it was a great beer.  Not too sweet, not too bitter.The atmosphere:  It's a pretty live joint, day or night.  Can't tell the locals from the tourists; don't really care.  Everyone's there for the same thing.Great place for girls night out because according to Maria, Yardhouse gives out condoms because their waiters are fiiiiiinnnnnnnnnne.  I'm not gonna disagree with her, but I try not to leer at the employees.  Call me crazy but I think drooling into my buffalo wings while I'm undressing Timmy/Justin/Brad with my eyes would be considered rude.  The place is a lot of fun, and it's a walk away from Cadillac Ranch (which I heard will be closing soon!?!) and Blue Martini.  If you're on the South side of town, I would definitely recommend this place.
4	I've been to Town Square many of times but never stepped foot inside of Yard House til now. The resturaunt was huge and the staff was very friendly and welcoming. Smiles and good times was all over the building, not only from the staff but also the customers.The food was amazing and if you're a beer lover such as myself they have over 100 brews to choose from. The selection included everything from lagers to ale's and even mixed beer drinks if you want to mix raspberry Lindermans Framboise w/ a chocolate flavored beer. And worse case scenario, let's say that you can't make up your mind on a beer selection; they also have samples of every brew to find the perfect one for your taste buds... I prefer Peroni.The dinner was delicious. My girlfriend ordered a spicy chicken flatbread sandwich with parmesan & herb fries. I had to take a bite lol, and that was bomb.com! Chicken was grilled to perfection with avacado, cabbage, and spicy mustard. I ordered the BBQ cheddar burger! Heaven on earth. 1/2 lb sirloin cooked to order, melted cheddar cheese, smoked applewood bacon on a sweet Hawaiian bun and sweet potato fries on the side. Best burger I've ever had hands down.The only downer I seen about the place is that its extremely loud inside of Yard House. I'm not knocking anyone's fun but it was hard to carry a convo with my girlfriend without shouting at eachother and we're sitting next to eachother in a booth. But there's also outside dining so that probably could've been more peAceful to enjoy a nice elegant dinner. Definitely is the spot if you're having a nice date and get hungry :-)
3	This place, in my humble opinion, is a notch above Chili's. It's got a lot of beer, a lot of tv's, and is a good place to watch football. Save for the fact that they don't have chicken wings :(I got the steak and shrimp...steak was tougher than shoe leather. Didn't finish it. Shrimp were cooked right and the green beans were good. Mom got grilled cheese & tomato soup.  Hard to mess this up but I'm sure someone can. She was happy. Tomato soup there is really good.Dad was the winner, he go the turkey pot pie. Thing was amazingly huge and was very tasty. I'd hate to see the calories in the thing but he was happy.Lobster mac-n-cheese is amazing there.  Another friend got the thai chicken pizza, it was ok, but was lacking flavor in my opinion. I mean, it is Thai after all.
4	Went here for the first time for happy hour recently and all I can say is.. wow. I'd give the server 5 stars.. he was extremely busy but was able to give us plenty of attention and fit everyone's orders in before happy hour ended. He had excellent menu knowledge and gave good advice on food and drink selections. Don't know if every server there is similar but if so, then this place is gold. My favorite was the chicken lettuce wraps. FAN-tastic. We ordered plenty of food... 2 different pizzas and crab cakes. The crab cakes were "o-k" and the pizzas were what I expected.. but wow those lettuce wraps. I highly recommend them. They have beer "tasting" flights, which 2 of our friends ended up ordering. If you are a beer drinker, this place is heaven! I didn't care much for my martini but I think it just wasn't for my taste. I've had a bite of my friend's take-out turkey burger from here and that is definitely a 5-star turkey burger! I can't wait to go back and order it next time :)
4	Today me and fiance took my mom and step-dad to Yard house today for lunch with our beautiful, perfect new baby girl.  We were at immediately, it wasn't too busy.  Me and my fiance had been here many a times, we always have a good experience.  Our waiter Adam was great.  He was funny, informative, and a great suggestive seller.  All of us where very impressed! I run restaurants and I would hire Adam in a hot second!  I had the garlic noodles, as I always do and tomato bisque soup.  My safe go to meal.  On the table we also had a roast beef sandwich; my mom loved it.  Mac and cheesex2 which my fiance loves and gets from time to time.  The final dish was stacked chicken enchiladas, the looked great!! I was really impressed with the presentation.  There was also 2 bowls of clam chowder and 1 french onion soup on the table, everything was gone by the end of the meal!.  Adam checked on us many times, made small talk and joked with us through out the meal.  He gets 5 stars.  I would give the whole thing 5 stars but the beer we ordered was flat, or it was at the end of the keg. Now not to brag but I know beer, its part of my job to know beer, even the beer tap systems. And it isn't the first time that has happened to me there.  Any-who; Adam did get us a different beer and it was fine.  We will be back, next time for happy hour, they have great deals!
5	I absolutely love Yard House's happy hour!!! If you're in the mood for a good beer and good food, this is the place to be. Other than their happy hour, their regular menu and food is good. I've been coming here for my birthday dinner for the past 3 years. I love this place. I recently went here with my sister. If you're a tuna fan, try their Hawaiian Poke Stack. If you're a blue moon/guiness fan, try an Eclipse.
4	I'm a big fan of Yard House, it's one of those place you can go and you know you'll eat good food.I always seem to get the Sea Bass or the Pepper Crusted Filet...both are delicious.We were adventurous, and just wanted a small bite so we got the New York Steak Sandwich, it was so good...I just wish the steak was sliced on the roll after cooking to make eating easier. I wasn't fond of the sweet potato fries, they were missing something. I also tried the clam chowder, it was okay.Drinks are great, whether you get beer or cocktails.Staff is always good.
4	I always have a great time at Yard House in both the Summerlin and Town Center locations.Great Drink choices and a solid happy hour makes this a good spot to take friends visiting from out of town.
3	The first time coming here, I was pretty impressed that they had a vegetarian menu. That was already a plus for me. I came here with family that had come into town and almost all of us ordered vegetarian. We had Hummus and Pita, Truffle Fries, Deviled Eggs,the Gardein Orange Peel Chicken, the Gardein Penne with Chicken, and  Hongos Y Rajas tacos. They were all really good. I was impressed. Many places that offer vegetarian dishes mess them up by adding too much of something, whether it's tofu or vegetables. In this case, the Gardein products were utilized perfectly. For dessert, we had a mini Creme Brulee, a mini Peach Apple Cobbler, and a mini Lemon Souffle. This entire meal was demolished by my family. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I ordered Root Beer thinking that a place that makes their own beer would make their own homeade Root Beer and Cream Soda. Sadly, they only had Barq's Root Beer. What a disappointment! I will definitely come back and enjoy more selections next time.That was my last review.Here's an update. Last time I went to Yardhouse, I ordered vegetarian jerk wings. They were pretty good until I realized the wings were definitely not vegetarian. That is a mistake a restaurant should NEVER make. Luckily, I'm not a customer who likes to cause problems since I work in the industry but I was shocked that happened. For that, I demoted Yardhouse.
5	Great service, great food (:
4	Beer. That is the only word you need to know when reading this review. They have BEER. Boy, do they have beer. Did I mention they have beer? Also, you will become a raging alcoholic after your first visit. Because you will want to try every beer here until you have succeeded. You can do it! Just kidding, you'll never be able to.I suppose this place has other things outside of Delirium Tremens, I just don't care about it. No, that's not true, their salads are excellent as is most of their other food (I've never gotten something I didn't like), but I really go mainly for the beer. As if you couldn't tell that at this point.The atmosphere is awesome, the waitstaff are attentive and quick. They must know I don't want to wait for my beer. This place is beer heaven, everything else is just bonus, baby.
4	Great ambiance. Great food. I especially love going here with a bunch of friends. It is a great place to hang out and have a few drinks ;)
5	I love their gardein menu. Since I am a vegetarian I always end up having a restaurant make me something not on the menu but at the yard house inhale Whole section of vegetarian meals. The first time I tried the vegetarian sliders I thought they had served me meat. They are that close to the real thing. I would highly recommend this place for Vegetarians.
5	I've always loved the Yard House. A yard of beer? Hello? 5 stars!I've been to a few of these and the cool thing is that depending on where you are you can taste a few of the local beers along with staples like Stella, Sam Adams Seasonal, etc. As far as food goes, this is far from simple bar food. I had the Cuban with tomato bisque and my cousin had the spicy tuna roll. When she ordered the waiter asked, "Have you had the tuna roll here before?" she knowingly shook her head yes. The tuna "roll" came and let me just say, "Fabulous!!" It's shaped like a huge can of tuna not a roll. It has all the ingredients of a spicy tuna roll except for the rice. Instead of rice it sits on a bed of edamame. A delicious red wasabi sauce wraps around it. It's one of those dishes that make you look at your plate and get immediately sad because you didn't order it. Don't get me wrong, the Cuban was amazing but if you like sushi, make sure someone gets that spicy tuna roll! Service was great and there were a plethora of screens for football. Did I mention a yard of beer?
4	I've been here a few times and so far I've found their food very good! Service was good, and the variety of beer is EXCEPTIONAL!!! I'm holding off on the 5 star because I've heard a few complaints from my friends about consistency. Consistency on food quality and on service quality. I've been there thrice and if by the fifth time I don't encounter any problems I will bump it up to a 5... your move Yard House!P.S. yeah I used the word thrice!
2	Hmmm the Yard House seems a bit OVER-RATED to me except for the Lettuce Wraps...they're not over-rated at all, they're DeLisH! The Y-House Is always crowded on the weekends and the hosteses are a bit snooty. For what they charge here for food and drinks I would much rather go somewhere else that Is isn't as dingy and where the staff have a bit more personality.When I came here on a Friday night with my possey I practically showed myself to the bar since the hostess was too busy with the chaos going on in the lobby, as we made our way around the bar I noticed a couple that were being toooo affectionate In public, that I bumped into every other person due to the lack of space, long wait for a table and bar stools and my "Mission Impossible" to get a drink...No Thank You Y-house.
4	i love the chicken nachos when they are $5 and the clam chowder is off the chain!! I drink Framboise here love it!!
4	Hey LV yelpers!Brought my boyfriend here last night for dinner/happy hour.Been to this location twice for happy hour :)I would only recommend coming here for happy hour because yard house is on the slightly expensive side food wise. Since I don't drink alcohol, I come here for the food. The happy hour menu selection is great! I love the lettuce wraps, sliders, pizza, crab cakes...Only reason for -1 star... the wait for the food took almost an hour to get to us! I think that's really long! Hopefully if I ever come back under 30 mins would be nice.Our waitress mentioned to us that during footfall season, monday nights is happy hour all night long! that's good to know!If you like beer, food and watching sports... come to yard house!
4	the only reason i even consider giving it 4 stars is that i love beer.....they have a very nice selection !
3	Me and a couple of my girlfriends decided to check this place out after watching a movie at the Rave theaters...We decided to share some appetizers and since this is a brew house we decided to check out some of the brews....I can't say I was a huge fan of the food... maybe it was what we ordered but nothing blew me away... it was ok.What I really enjoyed was the selection of beers.... as I have said in a previous review I am not a big beer fan, but I decided to check out a couple.... when in Rome type of moment!   I have to say some of the beers were quite tasty! So to sum up I think this place is a bit over priced for the food .... I have found better quality and better price at other establishments, but for the beer selection it is a place to check out.
4	The food is generally above average, especially the turkey melt with extra jalapenos! The staff is friendly and always knowledgeable about the wide selection of beers they have on tap. Prices are within range for this type of establishment, overall a great place to meet with friends for a nice lunch or a few beers.
4	Fantastic place!From the drinks to the food, it is a great place to eat and enjoy sports.The variety of drinks is great. There is also a decent amount of vegan/vegetarian dishes that is offered.The ambiance is dark ,but cozy. Our waiter was friendly and attentive.The wait was a little long, but worth the wait.If in the area, it is a must try!
3	With all the other restaurants to choose from at the revolving door of eateries that Town Square seems to be, Yard House has proved to have staying power. Maybe people feel more comfortable at a chain, maybe people are just boozehounds, the world may never know. I like Yard House better for lunch personally because I find the dinner entrees to be a bit overpriced. When it first opened friends constantly wanted to dine here and my wallet cringed as well as my patience as we jammed up against the bar waiting for our table. Once you get past that however, the place is quality. The portions are big and no one can complain about the beer selection (unless, like me, you await the arrival of Yuengling to the west coast, I check every time I go). They have a great selection of food so everyone in the party will be able to find something they're in the mood for. Yard House reminds me of Cheesecake Factory, but substitute cake for beer. The lunch specials are very fairly priced and will fill you up.The outdoor seating is awesome in the still bearable months of summer and at night prepare to see some sights sashaying over to nearby Blue "wait this isn't Tao?" Martini. Good times all around. There are TV's everywhere in this joint, including outdoors, so you won't miss a pass, kick or homerun. Overall I recommend but if you're going for dinner, have a snack before you leave the house to hold you over.
5	Yard house is my favorite restaurant, their vegetarian menu (gardein) is incredible. I got mad the first time I ate it because I thought it was meat. I eat here almost weekly and recommend anything on the menu. They have a huge beer selection and the service is great.
4	Doesn't everyone love yardhouse? Their happy hour is awesome.We gave them 4 stars, because overall they are wonderful. However, beware because they do have their bad nights. Tonight, we both ordered cups of clam chowder and one came out filled to the top and the other was way below the rim.Then our chicken sandwich came out uncooked!!! We sent it back and the manager was nice enough to come out and offer us more food & dessert on him.I have had the tomato bisque before and it was really good. Tonight, it wasn't good. I was very disappointed, because I LOVE tomato/tomato bisque soup.We definitely wanted to note that they have very good service. When you ask for a box, they do it for you instead of giving you a box to do it yourself. They even write the date and what food is inside of the box in the corner! Little things like that really do make a difference.
4	4 stars is for the food alone. Between ordering sliders (pastrami, burger, ahi), orange chicken, chicken nachos, sweet potato & truffle fries, coconut shrimp, ahi salad, and jambalaya, I have never gone wrong. Service rates between fair and good. Always appears clean.
4	We totally pigged out here!  A great alternative to Vegas buffet.  The Garlic Noodles are so yummy.  The BBQ chicken pizza is not bad either.  Even my preschooler found the food tasty.  The atmosphere is casual and everyone seemed to be having a good time.  It could be a bit loud, but worked out well since my kid was watching a video on the ipad.
4	This place is a lot like your local BJ's, with more beer and crappier food. I only give this place such a favorable rating because they've got a beer for everyone and they've got it on draft. Holla.
3	I have been here a few times and only got drinks and was satisfied but the last time I went I tried the food for the first time. YUCK! We got spicy tuna roll, little turkey burgers, and crab cakes. The crab cakes were burnt and not even edible, the turkey burgers were okay but the meat only covered half of the little bun, and the spicy tuna roll was a mound of disgustingness. I will never eat here again and I would not recommend that anyone else eat here.
4	If you like beer, this is the place for you! There are tons of different beer from around the world on tap and they are all served properly! The atmosphere is cozy with televisions all around and classic rock piped through the entire place.If you go there for dinner, you can expect a wait . They give you a buzzer so you can walk around but they have a small waiting area and outside gets a little warm in the summer! We normally go there for lunch and have no wait at all. I guess we are the only raging alcoholics in Vegas who need our lunchtime fix!We have been there quite a few times for lunch/early dinner and the service has always been top notch. The food is normally very good and consistent. It's one of our favorite places when we go to Vegas.
4	The hottest bar in Las Vegas is....The YardhouseB/f and I sat at the bar and each ordered the Belgian SIx Pack.  Six delicious beers, even if the somewhat mentally challenged bartender didn't put them in the order on the card and on the tray.  Like I can't taste the raspberry Lambic?  Hello???Anyway, the beers were awesome. So many on tap and so many ways to try them. Loved the Belgians as well as the three cream ale shortys I tried.Had wings, ribs and burger, as well as sundae and brownie for dessert. All the food was good.If you can get Jon as your bartender at the bar, he is super awesome, nice, smart and funny.  Loved him!  The others were okay and I won't give you my opinion of CJ.  Let's just say it rhymes with "bouche".In sum, loved the Yardhouse, loved the beer, loved the food. If you don't go there, you're clearly in need of serious help. For reals.
4	Huge restaurant with a very nice menu.  Huge bar for the social lifestyle.  Beer options like you wouldn't believe, but if you want your liquor instead, they have that too.  Pretty good service.  Somewhat dim lighting but it serves a purpose providing nice ambiance. Great place for all kinds of affairs from family dining, to dating, hanging with friends or having a business dinner.  I would come back here again for sure if I get back to Vegas.  I suggest the Calamari appetizer.  It was fresh tasting, not overcooked and flat out yummy!
5	One of the best Happy Hours on "The Boulevard" better yet in the Vegas valley.  Happy Hour runs from Mon-Fri 3pm to 6pm and Sun-Wed 10pm to close. Half price select apps. and certain beers and martinis are also at a discount. Beware, that during happy hour, the place is packed wall to wall wall with people. So, if you want to make in time for happy hour, I suggest coming right at three or not to long after three. They also have really good pizza. My favorite is the four cheese. I've also tried the BBQ chicken pizza, but the BBQ does not go to well with the pizza. The mac and cheese is off the hook. Just also know, cell phone service is unlikely.
4	We will definitely be back. We came here today to have lunch because we were doing some other shopping. We looked at their menu first online and were thrilled at the number of vegetarian selections made using Gardein. This is a brand of fake meat that mimics chicken especially well. We had the Gardein "chicken" strips and the blackened Gardein "chicken" sandwich and the food was quite flavorful. Our server was attentive and pleasant.
4	This place has variety of beer selections and the food is good as well. I tend to always get the jerk chicken is amazingly good. The hefeweizens here are always great as well. Not bad for a busy restaurant that keeps up with quality and service.
3	There was a 40 minute wait for a table so we headed over to the bar.Blech, I didn't like my Hofbrau Dunkel wiezen or the Franziskaner Hefe-Dunkel. I wish they carried the Erdinger brand.For food, we got the mac & cheese and grilled romaine salad. The mac & cheese was extremely heavy. I like the mushrooms in it but the chicken and bacon didn't go well with the pasta. The grilled romaine salad was not what I remember it. It was a fine salad though. I have to remember that with establishments like this I should get safe items (i.e. hamburger, Guinness, etc.).I'd say this is a good place to eat when you want a simple convenient meal but I wouldn't wait in line to eat here.
4	Great place! I love their veggie burger!
4	I love their happy hour menu. Half price appetizers and cheap drinks. Definitely a great place to have a large group to get together. If you love to drink and have a good time, this place is a go.
3	Visit on 1/21/12Normally I experience a 4 at The Yard House but this experience was a 2 at best...I'm giving them a 3 for benefit of the doubt.  Service was s  l  oooooooooow... It was semi-busy but we have been there at busier times.  We started with the onion rings-tasty as usual.  My husband ordered the grilled pastrami which he said was very good.  I had the Thai chicken Noodle salad.  There was a generous serving of perfectly grilled chicken strips on the salad.  The noodles were slightly tough but otherwise a tasty dish.The music was extremely loud during our visit.  We gave up on talking.  Getting our check took at least 10 minutes until my husband had to ask another passing waiter.
3	They have a lot of beer. Otherwise, it's pretty much Chilis or Applebees... with lots of beer. Yard House is a beer bar for the non-creative.The list is impressive. They have some neat stuff and the 6 pack samplers change regularly. The food is good, but I can't tell if it's microwaved, so that's almost as bad as being microwaved.A mix list provides cleaver names for the combos you already know and love. The servers are generally pleasant and helpful and have, at the very least, remembered the scripts for various beer questions that may arise.It is good, not for everyone, but sometime for me.If you are in the area to kill time, stop in, have 2 beers and see how you feel about the atmosphere and the selection.
5	Surprisingly good food all around. I got to try a lot of things, including a blue crab cake hoagie with house ranch salad (lunch menu), chicken nachos, onion ring tower, fried calamari, and chicken strips w/ fries (disclaimer: didn't double-check the menu, so not all names of food items may be accurate). For some reason, out of all of those, I found myself munching on the fries and dipping them on the honey mustard that accompanied the chicken. I guess the fries were just in the sweet spot of crunchiness and fluffiness, and the honey mustard was way too addictive. I can't speak for the beer, but everybody at my table seemed to enjoy theirs and they have a huge selection. Finally,  gotta love a place that plays some Beatles and some George Harrison.I also wanted to add a tip for finding this place. Gotta locate it before you can enjoy it, you know? It's kinda hidden if you're driving along most of the streets, so locate it on a map of Town Square beforehand or else just park somewhere and walk around. I think it might be best if you park near H&M and take the alley that starts off with the sushi bar and Yogurtland, then walk past the "clearing" in the middle. You should see it on the right.
4	When I found out that this place was a chain I was even more impressed. This place has the largest amount of beers on tap I have ever seen. They even had a northern California Belgian that I love called Brother Thelonius on tap, which I thought was unheard of.I had the Tuna Poke for an app, basically it was tuna tartare, came mixed with avocado, it was very good. I also ordered the Surf and Turf Burger. The lobster/burger combo was fantastic, it may not be the best burger I've ever had in my life but I would say it gets an honorable mention. I ordered mine with sweet potato fries that came with a maple bacon sauce, can't go wrong there. I also had a bite of the Garlic Chicken Noodles, it was also great.
4	Great happy hour specials.  Couple of glasses of wine (or beer for those beer loving friends) and sharing a couple of the apps is a great way to spend a few hours.  The service is good during happy hour (it gets a CRAZY on a Friday or Saturday night).  Seared ahi is a yummy delight.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (15 of 365).My usual order during happy hour goes something like this; don't worry, I share it with one other person!- Truffle Fries.  It's not on the Happy Hour list but it's only $4.  You can't go wrong with that considering truffle oil costs $20 a bottle!  These fries are bomb!-Garlic Noodes w/ Shiitake mushrooms.  Sounds simple but the dish is really flavorful.-Sliders.  Pastrami or Classic.  You can never go wrong with these especially at 4 fairly sized sliders for $6.95 during Happy Hour!  They don't come in your natural hamburger bun, they come in sweet rolls; yum!  You can substitute your fries on this dish for more Truffle fries.   That's how I do!-Ahi Sashimi.  This is good paired with the Garlic Noodles.  Some other items to try of course are their pizzas.  They're all pretty good, pretty big, and half price during happy hour!  Awesome.  I like sititng in the booths here because they are a perfect distance from the bar and TVs to watch the current sports games while you eat, plus its a good view to people watch.  Sometimes it's nice to eat outside on their patio as well.  Their brownie dessert is pretty good too if you have room for it! Oh, and don't forget the beer.  They have a wide variety to choose from and you can have a whole YARD size glass to yourself.  Good luck with that!
5	Came here for a few drinks with some buds after checking out Town Square last Friday.  Happy Hour rocks here!!!!  Service was good, drinks were refreshing, good layout, and decent menu; basically the makings for a great hangout spot.
4	To be totally accurate I would give yardhouse a 3 and a half star rating. Overall its prices are way too high so it does have a great selection of beers and a pretty varied food menu as well.  We were over charged by 5 dollars by our bartender and he didn't apologize for the mistake....which I caught... I would say that didn't help. Definitely go during happy hour when most apps and brews seem to be half price.  I've been to other sports bars that had quite a few beers on tap that weren't nearly as expensive. Be very very careful of your spending here because totals will add up in a hurry.
4	Always enjoy Yardhouse's food, beer selection, and service. Whether its in Vegas or South Florida, this chain always delivers a good, satisfying meal. The wings are spot on, cheese dip tasty, entrees large and beers cold. The food probably tastes so good because it is really unhealthy for you though, definitely lots of salt or sauces on all the dishes I've ever had. Don't come here expecting culinary nirvana, its just a really good sports bar.Make sure you hit Happy Hour during the day, M-F 3PM - 6PM and Sunday - Wednesday 10PM - close. You can get appetizers and beers much cheaper, then order your entree right at 6:01. Work the system people!!! It's a recession.
4	Came to Yard House for dinner before going to the airport to leave Las Vegas. It's in a mall made to look like a quaint downtown shopping center. Pretty nicely done, actually, but would be nicer if they closed it off to care traffic. We likely wouldn't have found the place, though, were it not for our GPS leading us straight there on city streets. Was busy for early evening but we got a table right away. The staff was extra attentive and got us everything we needed. My boyfriend and I were meeting friends and since we had a plane to catch, ordered before they got there. Getting meals at different times and two different bills was no problem for our waitress. What a relief!Perusing the menu, I was surprised at the selection. Though the Yard House is a brew pub, they have a pretty interesting and appetizing menu that include gluten-free and vegetarian options. My boyfriend got a grilled ahi salad and I got the mac and cheese which is nothing like the usual mac and cheese. It had chicken, bacon, and wild mushrooms in it with a small pasta I'd never seen before. The sauce was made of several exotic cheeses and it was delicious! My friend's four-year daughter shared it with me so though I thought it gourmet and exotic, it was easy enough for her to enjoy as well. I tried the ahi and it was really tasty too. Our friends got burgers with cones of crispy french fries and everything looked delicious. Overall, the restaurant is a loud and happening place but seems to be a good place to bring kids while still feeling like you're having a night out on the town. Prices were very reasonable and the service was fantastic. I would definitely come back.
4	Very pleased! Ordered the French onion soup...it was a little cold but my waiter was quick to get me a new piping hot bowl...it was gooey and delicious! Ordered the pastrami sandwich with the jalapenos! Yum-oh!!!
4	I love this place.  I don't get to go to it too often.  This is the place we bring anyone visiting us in Vegas.  The menu has a nice mix and the beer selection is amazing.  I have had a few different items here but I always end up getting the mac and cheese squared.  This stuff is a grown edition of the kids meal.  My wife likes to order the Chilean Sea Bass.  The beer menu can be daunting when you first see it.  Don't worry they offer beer samplers.  The samplers are hit and miss.  One time we went the sampler had 2 different Sam Adams and common hefeweizen.  Sometimes it can have some great selections.  They also have some cool beers blends.  I like to order the Dark Castle which is new castle and Guinness.  So if you have a friend or relative from out of town visiting take them to the Yard House, chances are they don't have one in their town.  Cheers!   Oh and if you go on the weekend, call ahead and reserve a table.  trust me!
4	Sad to say that I went on a Friday during lent so I had the four cheese pizza rather than my usual meat filled platter. The pizza was pretty darn good though and huge considering during Happy Hour it only cost 6.50. Talk about a deal! My roomie had the Cuban sandwich and said it was AMAZING. Overall the food tasted pretty great and if you during Happy Hour I really think it's hard to beat this level of food for this price. A lot of places serve really small portions for their lunch specials or Happy Hour but I think this place does it right and gives you huge portions hoping you stay around long enough to drink up a nice tab. I for one am willing to fall into this trap any day of the week as long as their food stays on point. Last star is missing because although the service was acceptable it wasn't star worthy. Great food, good size portions, Happy Hour makes their food cheap so plan accordingly.(Spinach and cheese dip is pretty awesome btw.)
4	I love Yard House. There atmosphere, the snooty bartenders, the great food and delicious drinks.. What's not to love. They have a BUNCH of Vegetarian options here! It's amazing. Veggie "Beef" Sliders.. "Chicken" Rice Bowl.. Spicy "Chicken" Sandwich.. (that's what I got.. Mostly because I've always wanted to say "Can I get the spicy chicken sandwich please?" I've never been able to say that before!). Its the Gardein substitute for meat, a gluten-free, soy-based protein that is supposed to duplicate the flavor/taste/texture of meat. I thought it was delish. Moist and Very filling. The aioli was great too. Don't be afraid of the cabbage (I was, I hate cabbage). It's a thin layer, quite sparse and the other flavors conceal the cabbage anyway. I'm not sure if this is a NV thing or a new feature at the chain, bc the last one I went to in So Cal didn't have that many veggie options (they had the regular amount, just not a half of a page in the menu dedicated to soy protein (fake meat) dishes!!I'd love to give them 5 stars, I really wanted to. The staff was friendly, they called when the order was ready (I picked up), they even had the water I requested all ready to go... But the sweet potato fries weren't cooked all the way through. Not all of them, at least. As a giant fan of sweet potato fries, that is disappointing. It means enough to knock off a star even though YH knocked my socks off with the veggie menu. So stoked about that!
5	My boyfriend and I had dinner at Yard House.  I ordered Searred Ahi dinner for the first time and it was excellent!  I loved it!  When we do come here on previous occasions, I've always ordered the appetizers. I'm glad I tried something new.
3	An above average beer selection.  But food could have been better. We ate here on St Paddy's Day.  Corned beef brisket with cabbage and potatoes.  Not good.  Cabbage was tougher than my beef, which was tougher than shoe leather.  Even the potatoes were hard.  Okay, maybe not their specialty... Better luck next time, huh?
5	THE best boneless buffalo wings I've ever had!  Just the right combination of spiciness, quantity & crunchiness makes them a 10 out of 10!
4	I ordered the BBQ burger on wheat and the organic tomato bisque. The food came out quickly and was very delicious. The soup had a nice flavor. The burger was cooked perfectly and very juicy. Pretty good service also. Sat outside on the patio because it was a beautiful day.
5	I loved it! I recommend it!
4	Yard House is a pretty solid place when it comes to good food, good drink and a great place to meet up with your friends or watch the game. I mean where can you go wrong when a place has more beers on tap than you can really think of? Unfortunately, the beer selection does vary a bit state by state but you should be able to find something you enjoy. Some of my personal favorites include their clam chowder, the seared ahi and the sliders. Granted, I do my best to vary it up as much as possible because their menu is so vast. Make sure to call ahead on busy Friday and Saturday evenings as this place does get packed and the wait times can exceed one hour.
3	food was good, service was sloww...  The taste & presentation of the food was on par but overall our server was pretty lousy.  They are very fast with the drinks & beer but even getting our food order taken was slower than it should have been.  I like their vast selection of beers.
5	I frequent this place a lot, at least once every week. Of course my favorite is to come during happy hour for the cheap appetizers. The food is great, the atmosphere is fun, and I've experienced great service every time I'm there! Lettuce wraps are my favorite, washed down with a pear cider! Yummy!!!!!
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas! Great nachos and lettuce wraps!
4	I love yard house.. Im not a super beer drinker but they have such a wide variety I can always find something that pleases the palate. I never seem to make it for happy hour so the bill can get kind of pricey but overall its a nice place to chill, drink, and get some noms. The biggest draw back to hanging out there is its always LOUD. I don't think i've ever been there and had a normal toned conversation with my guest. The music is usually loud which means the patrons have to be louder just to be heard. It can get almost obnoxious at times. That's the only reason why they get a 4 star review. Otherwise great place.
4	i like the yard because im consistently happy with each yard house i go to what i order to eat and drink and the service. I also like the vibe. its comfortable but trendy.
4	We had been to Red Rock Resort a couple times before finding Yard House, but we have been loyal since finding it (2 visits during the last trip.)  Normally we aren't big franchise fans (didn't even realize this was a franchise until the second visit), but we loved that we could split a yummy salad and a wonderful individual pizza and have a great lunch! Good stuff!!!
5	Love this place!  Never had a bad experience here.  Food is great with plenty of beer to choose from.
4	We had party of 16 in our table. At that time, it was happy hour, we all ordered appetizers, beers, martinis, and specialty drinks. The food are so delicious. There are a lot of appetizers during happy hour that you can pick. Our server was karen, she was great, she got everything we ordered. We left happy and satisfied. Some of the food we ordered:Fried calamari: it's pretty good, it was crispy and breaded well. Crab cake: it's okay, i don't really like the sauce they put. It was too sweet. Spicy tuna: it was good portion of food. It was a little spicy but enough to be content,  and it has a little vegetable. It was good! Strawberry Field martini: it's sweet and vodka is a strong but it was the bomb!Southern belle: it was so good! Southern punch: it's amazing! Overall, the happy hour here is excellent. We had a great time.
3	Had the ahi and Caesar side. The Ahi was fresh and tasty, the salad good. The dessert mini was a morsel, way too small for the price! The service was slow, and typical of a understaffed restaurant. If you're not in a hurry, I would recommend.
4	Service was great, food was right on time , great place to hang out with your girls !
5	Anytime in Vegas...this is a must! I finally ordered the yard of beer. And man was it taste! Huge menu of food and even bigger menu of beer. Just WOW that is all I have to say. When you first walk in and look to your left and see the keg room. You know your in a beer drinkers paradise. As a group of 4 we all ordered different things. And everyone at the table enjoyed the food. I had the Cuban sandwich, which I am very particular about. It came with a spicy au jus for dipping. It was one the best things I have tasted. I can say try anything here and it will be done right. And for the sports fan. They have more then enough TVs to cover any place you sit.
4	Pros:* Delicious food. You have to try the chicken tortilla soup.* Friendly staff.* Modern menu and decor.Cons:* Expensive. The food while good is slightly too expensive.* Due to the popularity, they're generally crowded with long waits.I believe Town Square to be the best shopping and restaurant plaza in Las Vegas. The quantity of choices for either is only matched by the quality. There certainly is no shortage of great food at Town Square and on yelp, Yard House is rated best of them all. I haven't tried them all but I can definitely say Yard House is the best I've had yet.I went with a group of four on a late Tuesday afternoon. They weren't busy or crowded but I have seen the line pour out the door enough times to know I was lucky. We were promptly sat down just time to enjoy the happy hour menu. We ordered their famous tower of onion rings while we sifted through the massive menu. I ordered the chicken salad with a cup of tomato bisque soup. The other members of my party ordered the barbeque chicken salad with a cup of chicken tortilla soup, pastrami sandwich, and a mushroom burger. When the onion ring tower arrived it instantly lived up to the expectations. Thin, lightly battered, crispy onion rings sprinkled with parmesan cheese and served with ranch and chipotle ranch. They bursted with flavor to die for. At first the tower seems so incredibly large but when you finish the memory feels small in hindsight. My soup and salad was good with a pleasant, creamy, rich ranch dressing and well-seasoned tomato bisque soup. However, it paled in comparison to the nothing short of perfect, chicken tortilla soup. I have never had a tortilla soup so creamy and flavorful. They put a large piece of avocado in the cup along with the crispy tortilla strips and large chunks of chicken. Together, they blend to create a truly wonderful and hearty cup of soup. I had a bite of the barbeque chicken salad and while it was a bit too saucy for my tastes, the barbeque dressing wasn't overpowering and went well with the large pile of onion strings atop the salad. The pastrami sandwich looked great and the burger looked even better. The burger bun instantly caught my eye with a smooth crisp surface devoid of any grease or sheen. Next time I will surely try a burger. The Town Square location is large and wide open. The lighting is dim and creates a hip vibe that went well with the modern menu. Everyone in my group had a few questions about the menu and the server was friendly, knowledgeable, and willing to help. The prices however are a bit steep and you might want to arrive early to take advantage of the happy hour choices. One specific item that caught my eye was the 17 dollar macaroni and cheese. It looked delicious but it would have to be at that price.In the end I walked away satisfied and yearning to return to try a burger or maybe even that posh mac and cheese entree.
5	Known for its selection of beers on tap, the food here is always amazing.  Thought Monkey had already tried everything, the ADULT MAC N CHEESE is as good as a friend described. If you're gonna break a diet rule, this is one dish to do it with.  Having had terrible fake meat at Vegan Vietnamese restaurants, Monkey took a shot and trusted Yard House's reputation for excellence. Monkey do:GARDEIN BBQ CHICKEN PIZZA tastes just like the real thing!  So much that our non-vegetarian friends argued that it was really chicken.PRAWNS over JICAMA - ExcellentPEAR SALAD - tasty and refreshingMonkey will definitely return to try other GARDEIN selections!
5	Luv luv luv this place! Great place to entertain cool friends. Great menu selections too!! My Timmy luv this place!
4	Meeting up with a friend at Yard House was a very good idea. It was a great idea to do before the soft opening of The Container Store. I was afraid they would not have many "apps" and "small bites" at the opening, so I figured Yard House would be a good place to grab something to eat, after all they do have a Happy Hour! I began with a Riesling, nothing special, but definitely on the HH menu, so the price made me happy at only $5.25 for a glass. After my friend joined me we decided to order our food. FoodI had the the Hawaiian Poke Stack, after recommendations from my friend and the bartender. OMG. Mouth-gasm! I am so sad I have been missing out on this dish because it was freaking amazing! In fact, I am sad I have been missing out on poke period. Basically the dish consists of marinated raw ahi with crispy wontons, carrots, bean sprouts, avocado, wasabi soy sauce. I seriously probably would have eaten another one had we not been going to the opening of the Container Store. I highly recommend this dish.DrinksI had a Riesling and then went on to try the Hypnotini. Also a recommend from my friend and let me tell you, if you're going to get anything that is not beer at Yard House, you should get one of these drinks. Also, if you're a light weight - this is the only drink you'll need. After I had this and a glass of wine I was delightfully buzzed. ServiceWe were seated at the bar, so our service came from the bartenders. They were quick to ask if we wanted more drinks and carefully laid out our spread for our food. I think the service was pretty awesome.OverallI am upping my review previously from 3 stars to 4 stars. I still believe YH's prices on certain dishes to be a bit pricey, but honestly you can't go wrong with their Happy Hour.
4	What can I say about the only place I have found in town that has my favorite beer on tap?Yardhouse is a beer aficionado's dream come true. With over 100+ beers on tap I am sure you will find something that ya like. I strongly recommend coming in during happy hour. Weekdays from 3-7 and 10-close (except for Fridays) means almost all of their appetizers are half off, on top of that, they have $7 sliders, and cheap pizzas as well. The classic rock and continuously flowing drinks make this place a perfect place to hang out and chill if you want to go out with friends.The food here is usually a step above the bar food found at similar establishments. Yes they do have nachos, pizza, but they have more adventurous fare such as hummus and pita, double stacked chicken enchiladas, tuna tar tar, and so on. I will give them props for food that you wouldn't think they would. But the thing that makes this place amazing, like a few other fellow yelpers mentioned is the... TURKEY BURGER! I don't know what they do to they turkey, but they make it delicious. Succulent turkey paired with herbs, cheeses and thin slithers of roma tomatoes make this one of the best turkey burgers I have had. Definitely give it a try.Of course one of the coolest things about all Yardhouses is what I call the keg exhibition. Ever Yardhouse has a large room where they store the 100+ kegs in cold ice-cold fridge. Large windows allow pass-er-bys to gawk at the beauties. The location in Town Square is similar to the other ones around the country. A standard restaurant space consisting of booths and tables. A large central bar in the middle, and a ton of pipes which make the draft beers possible.
5	Servers are friendly, great beer selection, and a lovely vegetarian menu.
4	It's all about the sweet potato fries and onion rings here!  A good place to have dinner while watching a sporting event.  Oh and they have a good selection on beers.
3	Having finished up with a few errands and hunger took all decision making skills from the wife and I, we settled on Yard House, as we hadn't been there in a while and the food seemed good on previous visits.We were told it would be 15-20 minutes for a table in the very packed restaurant, no problem, we will enjoy the padded seats for a bit. By the time we sat down and got comfortable, our pager went off, and to the table we ventured.Weaving through groves of people, we arrived at a table toward the back of the restaurant, furthest from the kitchen. I think the host was trying to talk to us during the trip, however, it is so ungodly loud in there, that I couldn't hear a word he was saying.Flipping through the menu, neither of us remembered it being that expensive and of course, our lack of decision making skills due to hunger kicked in again and nothing looked good.I, for the second time in the night, settled and chose the four cheese pizza. One type of food that I had expressly stated I did not want prior to arriving. Oh well, can't win them all.It seemed to take forever for our server to bring two glasses of water, almost as if they made her go to Lake Mead, fill a jug with water, bring it to a purification center, then make some ice cubes and finally, deliver filled ice water glasses to our table.Our orders were taken and again, it seemed like an eternity for the food to get delivered. It was an OK pizza, about what you would expect from a non-pizza-centric establishment. I did find it odd though, that the crust was soaked with grease or water or something, and was as flimsy as a wet noodle.Finishing the food, the service seemed to pick up, plates were cleared almost the instant they were clean, the check was dropped off, a moment later, was picked up, with our payment. Then... the waiting began again. I think Yard House makes the staff bring the credit cards to the issuing bank to extract their funds.Once we were able to reclaim our card and head to the exit, the wife was almost bowled over by an employee that was on a mission. Escaping into the very windy night, we both agreed this was our last visit to Yard House for the foreseeable future.
4	What can you say bad about a place with 100 beers on tap and a menu that's like opening a history book? Yard house is a great place to start your night, whether it's happy hour or a great dinner, we've done both and they really know how to take care of customers. The only complaint I had that night was the woman in charge of finding us a table was a little grumpy. We were a large group and she was a little upset that we didn't have an exact number 8 or 10. I get it, it matters, but talk about a buzz kill. Anyways, once we were seated on the patio, we had a blast and stayed for a few hours. We'll be back again and again.
4	Easily the best place to eat in TS without spending tons of money (ahem, Texas de Brazil). Love, love, love the food here! Actually, I need to amend that. I've had the same entree every time I've gone to the YardHouse. Every time. It's that good. The Seared Ahi Steak Sandwich. The fish is always excellent quality and very fresh. Onions caramelized to melt-in-my-mouth goodness. And the garlic aioli...I'd take a bath in it if I could. Anyway, everyone else I've gone with says the other entrees are also delicious. The appetizers are pretty tasty, notably the grilled artichoke. The onion ring tower is also worth a try! The house brews are really good. Can't say anything about dessert, as I've always been too full from dinner and beer to smash more food into my belly. This is one of those places that gets very crowded, so be prepared for a wait. Obviously, if you're flexible about where you sit, you sit faster. FYI: they keep the patio tables open during the winter, but they pull down canvas "walls" and crank up space heaters to keep the warm in and cold out, so don't immediately pass up the patio when it's chilly!The service is nothing special, but is also not terrible. They also play sports on the TVs, if you're into that sort of thing ;)YardHouse is another staple!
3	Meh. Service was ok, the beer wasnt super cold, and the food was just ok. I have had worse, but I have also had better from Yard House.Note: Tons of beer on tap! If you like beer this is your place!
4	Great menu, good value.  Lots of beer on the menu.Love the Mac N Cheese squared.
4	Fantastic selection of beers, food that is more restaurant quality than bar quality, and open late would be the main points here. Prices are moderate, although cheaper eats that are just as good can be found in outlying suburbs. The view here is always great, and the outdoor seating area is fantastic most times of the year. Service is top-notch as well, even with larger parties.
3	I've gone to this location a few times and it's a hit or miss really. Definitely a great selection of beer, but the food is tricky. I went here with a friend and my boyfriend and we loved the sliders and the sweet potato fries. The few times I got burgers they were pretty good; no real complaints about the burgers. But I wanted to try something new (big mistake) so I decided to order the Ahi Tuna Crispy Salad (something along those lines). Our server was great, which made not enjoying the food kind of a flop. When I received the salad, the tuna was sliced into maybe 1/4 inch pieces and the edges of each piece was covered in pepper. I do not like a whole bunch of pepper so that was a big disappointment for me. Also, they saturated the salad in salad dressing. I had to send it back because it made it very difficult to each and extremely unappetizing. I tried to enjoy it after they fixed the drenching of the salad and put the dressing on the side, but it was still difficult to enjoy the food. I was highly considering asking them to change the salad into the sliders but I  didn't want to wait even longer to get my food because we waited a while to get my salad and my friend's burger. I was very disappointed and would not recommend getting that salad. I almost did not want to pay for the food because I felt that I did not enjoy the food and I wasted the tuna :(
3	Birthday party on a budget.  Happy Hour half off appetizers and drinks after 10pm, Say What?!Last night, I joined two of my friends at the Yard House to celebrate one of their birthdays.  I've eaten at the Yard House many o' times  and love the beer choices.  The experience/food is not the worst, but it's not the best.  It's great for happy hour and I'm sticking to that!For drinks, I just got the Fat Tire pint for about $5.  Although I appreciate the 130+ beer choices, I'm partial to my Fat Tire/Newcastle beers.  For food, we got a few appetizers which were all half off:  First, the  Jamaican Jerk style boneless wings.  Came with a sweet hoisin type dipping sauce. The chicken was tender and the batter was delightful.  Next, we had Moo Shu egg rolls-chicken, chili cream cheese, carrots, green onions, cilantro, spinach with apple ginger plum sauce.  The chicken was a little dry but was redeemed with the sweet plum sauce.  Lastly, we got the chicken nachos-spicy pinto beans, cheddar, jack, red & green sauce, tomato, cilantro, onions, guacamole, sour cream.  It's a huge serving, but just your average bar nachos.  The cheese was a little hard.I did appreciate the great service that night.  The manager came over a few times, because a drunk lady invited herself on our table and then asked for us to pay her bar tab.  She was a little loud but somewhat funny.  Our server was cordial, but not to impressionable.  The Happy Hour will continue bringing me back to the Yard House.  It isn't busy and we got a table right away.  There's typically a younger crowd which offers a hip vibe in my opinion.  Let's just say that overall, I wouldn't necessarily wait longer than 15 minutes for a table unless you're crazy about beer.
5	Disclaimer: I was given a gift card by the YH management and used it for my meal this evening. It was not presented until the check came, so it was not a factor with regard to the service we received.My previous review gave YH 4 stars, with the only problem being slow service, especially when it came to getting the check. Tonight, it seems as though my input was taken seriously; all the issues are no longer issues! The meal was very well timed, with the drinks, appetizer and main courses arriving as we needed them. We got the check at the same time our dinner plates were bussed, so we were able to pay it and then relax for a few minutes before leaving (my biggest complaint before was that we were often held hostage for a while after the meal because of the check not being presented quickly). All in all, great service!As per usual, my seared ahi sandwich was AMAZING. The kitchen gods smiled upon me today and I ended up with TWO tuna steaks in my sandwich, instead of the usual one. Loved it!
2	Their food is good but I give them 2 stars because their service sux if you have 6 or more in your party
4	Yard House has a cool atmosphere that I love having a beer or two in. The happy hour is awesome and the selection of beers on tap is amazing.I like to sit at the bar because the bartenders are very attentive to your needs.  I really enjoy that they have the option of "shorty" glasses to try a couple new beers that you've been curious about.Food wise the chopped salad is impressive. The seared ahi steak sandwich is really good, so much so that I've ordered it several times instead of trying something new.Yard House is priced accordingly for Town Square, so I'd advise to hit up happy hour for good deals on food. Definitely check it out though anytime for a beer or two.
5	Love the atmosphere, beer and food. Probably one of my favorite places in Vegas! I come here twice a month at least!
5	My default place for good food with big groups.  The menu has everything you can think of: American, Japanese, soul-food, drunk-food.  Their selection of beers is huge!  My favorites are Leine's Sunset Wheat (a hefenweizen kinda beer), Leffe Blonde and Paulaner.
4	Delish! Quite the selection of beers. Their was even two choices of framboise so I was very excited about that! Ordered appetizers, deviled eggs and truffle fries...mmm mmm good! They put this sweet salsa like sauce on top of the eggs to give it that extra umph. They only give you 3 halves so we were wondering where that 4th half goes off to ;-) The truffle fries were seasoned with herbs and garlic making it the high light of our apps. Pretty dang delicious! The service wasn't all that great but they were very busy and our server did check in with us periodically when she could. I just love coming to Yard House. The atmosphere is something different than what anyone else can offer.  The restrooms were very well maintained as well as the establishment itself. A+ for effort!
4	Nice big restaurant. Although I like smaller restaurants a bit better. But the food is great. And the service super friendly & young & handsome:) The portions are huge. So 2 people of us shared and we were both full. We had the turkey potpie which was very yummy. The Blue Crab Cake Hoagie was very delicious too. I would come again.
4	Came in at 10:15 p.m. and was told that the wait will be 35 minutes. We got seated 10 minutes after. Under-promised and over-delivered. Perfect way to do business.We came here for the Happy Hour. The amazing thing is that the "appetizers" here are nothing short of greatness. We got the classic sliders (protein style), ahi poke, spicy tuna style (2), calamari, chicken lettuce wrap, and ahi sashimi.The sliders are similar to any other bar food. The ahi tuna, spicy tuna roll style was amazing. Presented beautifully as well. I think the portion of the calamari was huge for $6. The chicken lettuce wrap alone will hit all of your taste buds! Also, the sashimi here is amazing! I can't wait to arrive again!Our server was Bryan, and he got a great tip to accommodate his service!
2	My wife and I at there last Saturday for lunch. She had a bacon cheeseburger and caesar salad. 4 hours later she was violently ill. She hadn't eaten anything before that. Her and I both had the same reaction after eating a steak there a few months ago but didn't suspect it was a bad meal at the Yard House. Her burger was a little undercooked and thinking back, so were our steaks. I guess we should have sent them back but we really don't like to send food back. We still have had mostly very good experiences there but I don't think we will be returning : (
5	My favorite place to eat in Vegas! This place really can't be missed. The food is amazing, I have never had anything that wasn't good. I end up getting  the same burger almost every time the "Pepper Crusted Gorgonzola Burger", after eating this you will never look at burgers the same. One word to sum up the place "Truffle Fries" you have to get these, I promise your life will not be the same after.
4	As a vegan, it is very hard to find good food besides salad and plain pasta at chain dining restaurants.  That being said, Yard House offers an entire section offering Gardein, a delicious meat alternative suitable for vegans and vegetarians.  HOWEVER, beware because they cook it on the same grill as the rest of the meat.  They were nice enough to cook my meat substitute in a separate pan so that my meal was still vegan, and it was pretty decent.  It was great when we were in a bind for time, as they got us in and out of there as quickly as possible and the waiter was very nice and attentive.  It is really loud and busy there, not exactly my cup of tea.  However, they were able to accommodate me despite the business and I am super happy about that.  I would definitely come back to this location, as many other Yardhouses are not willing to cook the vegan meat separately.
1	Management needs training....I ordered the Mediterranean Vegetable sand-which and a salad with lemon wedges on the side. I asked for the lemon three times before I gave up. Then when my sand-which was served to me it was cold. I sent it back to the kitchen, the server than came over and made a joke about it. Once the new one was brought over to me it was warmer but all that hot however the rest of my party was almost done dining so I choose to keep it.Debbie the manager on duty came over to check on me, which at first I thought was a wonderful touch. At which point she stated to me that the dish was grilled then kept cold and MICROWAVED when ordered and served. I was shocked to hear this, all would have been acceptable with her apologizing but to further explain to me that the meal was microwaved was just beyond me.She did not charge me for the meal but it was too late to save us. The food did not come out in order, one of the members of our party received her meal prior to her appetizer and another member did get the sweet potato fries that they ordered. Will not go back if I don't have too....
4	This place is always a safe bet if you're at town square.  You can do anything from drinks at the bar to a full fledged dinner with the family here.  The food is usually pretty good and the staff does their best to keep patrons happy.  My only gripe is that the prices are a little high and the bill can get pretty steep relatively quick.Some of my favorite food are the Mac & Cheese, calamari, and chicken wings.  There is tons of other good stuff but I can't recall it off the top of my head.  My favorite thing about the yard house though is the music!  Almost every time I'm there, they are blaring classic rock which is awesome!  On the occasions its not classic rock, they play 90's alternative which is my second choice.  Usually places like this play hipster, wub wub, or Justin Beaver type music.  Its nice to have a bar play actual BAR music!  Keep it up Yard House.
4	Thing I love the most is all the beers on Tap.  Huge selection of beer.  Also huge selection of food.  Most of the things I have had were pretty good.  Their sushi rolls are definitely something different from what you are used to, more like a stack of what would be in a roll.  I used to love the food, but I find each time I go I like it a little bit less.
1	Please set up a reservation for twenty-people in advance of their arrival. Don't have them waiting forty minutes after their time of reservation because you failed to launch. Please bring us our drinks before fifteen minutes have elapsed. Don't have us waiting for thirty minutes to even place  our order. Please have at least three servers assigned our large-party-table. Don't stiff us with just two. Please have the music on level five so we can still have a conversation without yelling. Don't have it on level twelve so at the end of three hours we are nearly deaf. Please step up your service, even on a Saturday night. Don't make us have talk to the manager or have to Yelp you.
4	Great atmosphere! Great Food! and Great Staff!
3	Okay so I've been here before and their service is always great, but today was horrible.Service:  Today wasn't a busy day.  The hostess were quick to seat us.  The server was friendly, but it took her almost 30 mins to come and take our order.  We all only ordered appetizers, and it took as long as it did for someone to take our order to get our food.  Not only that, they forgot about one of our appetizers.  When we told the server about that, she put in the order and we got it quick.  The server only checked up on us once to fill my cup with water, after she never came to see if we were okay.  Food: The food here is alway great, especially when they have happy hour. I had the Seared Ahi Tuna and a Korean Pork Taco, both were delicious. I would recommend coming here because the food is great, but their service could use some work.
5	Not much to say really, great food, service is always great, and the beer selection cannot be matched by anyone in town.  I leave this place with a grin on my face everytime.
3	Been coming here for years. I always get the tomato bisque soup to start DELISH! its very light and creamy with a touch of basil and homemade croutons. for the entree i can never resist one of two items. 1) truffle mac and cheese 2) seared ahi dinner.Mac & Cheese- very cheesy/creamy, bits of bacon and a truffle glazeAhi- Seared Ahi drenched in a Chinese black bean sauce with crisp basil on a bed of brown rice.these items are a must try!And now for the fun part.... THE BEER! ***Young's Double Chocolate Stout- omg its desert in a glass.***Big Sky Moose Drool- a creamy, slightly hoppy beer you could pair it with anything***House Honey Blonde- the perfect summer beer. amazingly refreshing***Sam Adams Cherry Wheat-  The best Sam Adams has to offer! a bright cherry flavored wheat beer with a crisp finish.. DELISH!***Chimay Triple- slight raisin taste with a touch of hops.. yum! perfect before dinner beer.why only 3 stars? the bar service is terrible. this location and red rock.
4	100+ beers, great pub food and reasonable prices.  We were in Vegas for a bachelor party and one of the guys in our group used to live in Vegas.  He said we should stop in for lunch and I'm glad we did.  All of our meals were great and the prices we actually lower and I think they should have been.  This place resembles Miller's Ale House on steroids.Tuna Poke for $6?  What a bargain!  I tried the roasted turkey melt on french bread after asking our waitress what her favorite sandwich was.  She was spot on because it was fantastic.  Yard House come to Philly!
4	I love it here! My boyfriend and I always get the surf and turf burger! So juicy and tender. I love love love their fries. It's just the right amount of crispy! However, the service is not consistent. We get good servers to terrible servers that only checks up on us twice. To get the order and the second time to bring our order.
4	I really like this place. a good spot for beer drinkers. Food is always good and it's a nice place. Always recommended.
4	tasty appetizers, lots of beer, sports on tv, who could ask for more.
5	Schweeeet Baby Jesus can I get an AMEN!!!  LOVE LOVE LOVE this fantabolous place with their awesome selection of amazing beers and a menu to pair with it. Double, no TRIPLE kudos to the waiter who knew literally every beer that I asked a question about, and I'm talking well over 10!  He rocks my tubular socks and I hope that I get him again when I make it back there!I like the setup of the place and how when you walk in, you look to the left and you see this massive amount of keggage going on- it just makes you drool.  The ambiance was perfect, the bar was large and the TV's were all set to the good ole Giants and Cowboys game (first game of the season, this was serious business no matter who your team is)  So, they offered me everything I could ask for:-Ginormous selection of beer-Football on multiple TVs-Awesome wait staff-Perfect ambianceMake this a stop next time you're in Town Square.  If you don't you're just a silly little goose!
5	Always a good choice!  Great food fun atmosphere, amazing happy hour.  They run out of beer a lot.
4	Not sure what's more embarrassing: the fact that the other day before going to see the Master at rave (two thumbs up!) that I spent $120 on dinner for 2 at Yard House, or the fact that I thought it was worth every penny.  This is not to say that the average opinion on the Yardhouse is low, but I do think it's typically thought of as a place to grab some cheap happy hour appetizers and some beer and not a place to spend $30 on entrees.  Well I did that, and I was damn happy with the results.We arrived shortly before happy hour ended and I started with a Black and Tan and we also ordered the seared Ahi Sashimi appetizer which I was pleasantly surprised to find half off on the happy hour menu (which also discounted the price on the beer a bit).   I've had the Ahi appetizer here several times and it's almost always a winner.  I'll venture to say it's the best of it's kind among chain restaurants.  For entrees my dining partner got the Pepper crusted Filet Mignon and I ordered the Ginger Crusted Norwegian Salmon.   Both were accompanied with Wasabi mashed potatoes which I've always enjoyed for that slight hint of wasabi in every bite.  My salmon was a little masked with all the toppings (namely carrot strings, the ginger crust, and the sesame vinaigrette).   Usually I would find this to be a negative, but I''ll be damned if all of the ingredients really work together here.  I've been known to sneak a bite of the salmon on it's own from time to time anyhow and found it to be nicely cooked.The one issue with the entire meal was the filet which was ordered medium was a little inconsistently cooked.  Some of it seemed cooked Medium well (little to no pink) while some of it did seem cooked as ordered.  I was able to taste a little of both sections and found them both tasty, though the one with some pink was more to my liking.  Service was great throughout and we ordered several jack and cokes once happy hour ended and they were constantly being refreshed.  When we informed the waitress we had a movie to make she made sure to bring the check to us quickly.  When the check first arrived I was slightly taken aback by the price (and the amount of alcohol we'd consumed), but realized it had been worth it.  It also made me appreciate that I could go into the Yardhouse and make a choice on whether to have a great $30 experience of a couple of drinks, an onion ring tower and a sandwich, or go all out and have a great steak or piece of fish for extra.  You can't do that (or much of anything else) at Applebee's folks!  Later on in the theater while everyone else was fleeing for the exit midway through, we sat content.  I initially blamed this on poor movie taste by the others, but in retrospect perhaps it was the contentedness of the meal beforehand that transferred over to our cinema experience.
5	great happy hour spinch cheese dip it my fav
4	Excellent meal, great dessert, and so many beers.  I wasn't even mad when they were out of my favorite beer that night, because they had 10 other similar beers on tap, and several house brews/blends to try.
5	Place is great. We love to eat here. Last night we went there and the service was a plus too. We had a great waitress named Ashley. Thank you for keeping a wide variety of COLD beer, great food and great service.
5	Great food for the price. Just off The Strip. I have been here before and will be back. Large selection of craft beer (I had the Octoberfest today, very hoppy). After a full day of shopping we wanted comfort food. So both my wife and I ordered burgers. They were cooked to perfection. We had a side of fries that were julienned so they carried a lot of flavour and were extremely crispy. Can't wait to go back. Next time I am not driving so I can sample a couple of different beers.
5	Dude! I can't say enough about the beer and the great prices. This is our first stop when ever we hit Vegas for the food and the great drinks and then were off to play good old Vegas royal. Plus the happy hour - can't beat it :D
3	I've been to Yardhouse several times. I like that they have so much beer on tap. My wife enjoys the Rose Gaarden (a mix of framboise and Hoegaarden that is really honestly delicious) and I usually go with the Rogue Hazelnut brown.The food has always been solid. The (mac + cheese)^2 is usually good, the hawaiian poke stack is always tasty (their tuna in general is pretty nice), and they can cook a good burger. So why the three stars? Well, we brought some guests here and found ourselves sort of embarrassed. To be fair, it was a Saturday night and they were very, very busy, but our waiter (Ryan) stood out as rude enough that our guests actually commented on it afterwards.Lest you think I'm being unfair, here's specifically what went wrong, in order.We had a party of six and were seated at a round table set for five. The host said he'd have us an extra chair in "just a second," after which I saw him speak to our waiter. Our waiter looked at us and then, presumably, went off to find a chair. I stood there, waiting, for five minutes while I saw our waiter serve drinks and food to other tables, patiently waiting for my chair. I finally had to flag him down and ask for a chair, again, before I got one. This kind of set the tone for the evening, but I didn't know it at the time.Finally sitting, we ordered drinks. One of our guests ordered a framboise. That's pronounced "fram-bwahs" due to the final E. This is important in a second, so hold on. Our waiter replied "that's framb-wah." My wife, looking embarrassed that our waiter had just corrected our guest, told him that no, it's pronounced fram-bwahs. I know this sounds like a silly thing, but 1. she's right, and2. she's had people try to mansplain at her that she's wrong before, which is exactly what this dude was doing. 3. furthermore, in what universe does a waiter correct a guest's pronunciation, even if they are wrong (which she wasn't)?Our waiter gave her kind of a funny look when she said that. Okay, maybe he's just tired or just had a rude table or something. Not going to let it bother me.Hold on, because this is where it gets weird.That's when he started blowing us off. We had to ask for silverware twice after our food showed up and sat there, cooling, with us unable to eat it. He passed our table six times (six times! yes, I counted!) without even offering to refill our drinks until I finally had to flag him down. When he did bring refills, he brought them for everyone except my wife.Explain that. I'll wait.Look, bottom line, I'm still going to go to Yardhouse. In fact, we went back a couple of days after, if only to wash the bad taste out of our mouths. I'm not going to let this one dude ruin it for me. But if I get sat in his section again, I'm going to ask to be moved.
4	Great beer selection,over 100 taps, some nice IPA's.  Food was pretty solid, tried the deviled eggs with tomato sauce, pear and gorgonzola flatbread, and a fish taco.  Town square is a great location away from the casinos.
4	Amazing choices of great drafts. Great selection of apps and the satein (sp?) choices are all delicious if you're seeking healthier or vegetarian options. It's nothing spectacular but still a step above regular old bar food. The beer makes it worth it.
5	A frequent hangout spot with friends.I wouldn't come here just for drinks, or just for the food, or just to eat....come here to eat good food with a huge selection of fairly priced drinks, and plan to be here for a little while.The service is pretty quick, and a refill of any beverage doesn't take long.  They move around a lot, so it is easy to grab their attention if needed.The beer selection is one of the best in town, if not the best, and there will be plenty to choose from.  I typically like trying new beers, so I order small sets or their tasting sets to mix the palate.The food is good...it is not outstanding, but it is good.  Like I mentioned before, treat it like good bar food.  It is good, but I wouldn't come here just to eat...not that noteworthy IMO.The vibe and atmosphere is cool...a good place to burn a short few hours with friends!
5	I've been to Yard House quite a few times. I often frequent this place with friends or bring out of town guests here because the menu is extensive and there is something on it for just about everyone. Plus the beer selection, as well as the wine, and mixed drinks have the ability to please every palate. Recently I brought my sister and brother-in-law here based off of those facts. Three people with probably rather different tastes is kind of a hard combo to deal with when choosing a dining spot. Luckily, Yard House did the trick. There was a wait when we arrived, but it was only about 10 minutes and we were seated in a large, comfy booth, although next to the kitchen and a bit noisy, it was okay as we could all still carry on a conversation without yelling to be heard. The run down of the food went as following -Grilled Artichoke Appetizer - delicious! The artichoke was grilled perfectly and served with a garlic dipping sauce. We ate every bite and then tried to eat more. Baked potato chips were also served with it, the perfect appetizer.Seared Ahi Steak Sandwich - Okay, this was just about the best thing I've had to eat in a LONG time. The ahi was seared perfectly, somewhat cooked around the outside, and deliciously raw on the inside. The pairings in the sandwich were perfect- spinach, Swiss cheese, tomato, and caramelized onions. It comes on a rye bread and with shoe-string french fries. Honestly, this sandwich is worth every penny. Cuban Roast Pork Dip - My sister ordered this sandwich and it looked very good. It came with a BBQ au jus and shoe-string french fries. House Salad & Clam Chowder - My brother-in-law opted for this. The soup came out piping hot and he said it was really good. My sister declared it to be good too. The house salad was BIG, much bigger than I was expecting, so kudos to YH on the portions. Overall I have to give it up to Yard House. This most recent visit was definitely a 5 star affair. Everything was cooked well, service was good, the wait wasn't long, the noise level was decent, and  we were in and out with zero problems.
4	Best happy hour ever!Practically all day happy hour on Mondays for Monday Night Football. But on a normal basis, happy hour is effective from 3:00 PM - 6:00 PM M(maybe Sunday included)-TH, and 10:00 PM - Close Sun - Wed.Half off select appetizers which consists of most appetizers. My personal favorite is the Chicken lettuce wraps.Bernaise Sliders for the win as well. Most if not all sliders are $6.95 during happy hour. Pizza is half off as well.Yard House is a dim-lighted atmosphere consisting of great service from all servers. I don't normally order my alcohol from here because I prefer to fulfill my satisfaction with food rather than liquor but they have a huge selection of beer and discounted happy hour prices for most liquor as well.Be warned though, this is not the place to come to if you're on a diet. I feel that they put tons of salt and sodium in all their food. Which is probably why I'm always in a food coma when I leave this joint. But if you're all about happy hour and binge eating, then swing on by!
4	This place is awesome, we sat outside. Our server Vincent was great. The fried chicken was so delicious, the truffle Mac n cheese was ok would not order again though. You have got to try the brownie you order it baked just the way you like it.
3	Cuban Pork Sandwich = tasteless and not worth the calories. It looks really good, but this tastes like it could have come from Chili's or Denny's.I do have to hand it to them for the number of big screens showing the various sporting events and of course the healthy selection of beers.
4	It been while but had my cousin and her husband in town from Sac. I thinking of good place too go hang out have some good food, good beer, television around watch game, and not loud can hang out talk stories catch up. Yard House would be the perfect place although it can be loud. I went on tuesday night so not so bad plus ended up sitting outside on the outdoor cover patio area. It worked out great! =)I checked in too my surprise the wait was not very long got buzzed less then ten mins. Just first glance the place was packed that night. The server she was great about being patience since cousin guys running late. The first things I LOVE about the YH but at the same time frustrating figure out beer too start the night, The list is so long if there something that not find or something similar too likely would be very surprised. I went with the Kona Brewery Fire Rock Ale. I love my Kona Brewery not only because from Hawaii but good beer! The most common one see is Longboard so saw another one on tap! Hell yay! The rest of the night went with another my favorite Firestone Pale Ale. It another one that hardly see on tap at bars. I love there beer still have since visited Firestone winery. The food was good as always! It been while but remember the Hawaiian Poke Stack stood out for me. Poke never go wrong in life. I love the way everything balances together. The Poke nice and fresh soy style Poke. The crispy wonton that adds little crispy fried texture plus works out great scoop up all the Poke. The vegetable gives it more depth and flavors too the dish. The wasabi soy drizzle around nice accent too the whole dish. It daunting looking at it start height. Once break down all good stuff. The second app had the bearnaise slider. Honestly not really big fan. I asked the server she recommend as second app. It more miss then hit. The slider meat itself nothing special little dry side. The bearnaise sauce itself nothing special. You combine the sauce with the fried onion on top of the slider and the bun. Ok. Sure pass on sliders plus heavy app start the meal.I had the Street Taco (Chicken tinga). I wanted too try something different then my last visit. I glad I did! It was awesome. The combination of the chipotle tomatoe sauce plus the feta cheese right balance with spice and cheese. I enjoyed the fact not over stuffed with things in the taco. I added the beans and rice. The rice was tasty stuff. The beans honest never got too because the beers and apps all stuff. Dessert my cousin and I split a Lemon Souffle off our sever recommendation. She got right on. It was not your traditional souffle. That it would be bursting like ballon out of the dish. It smaller portion really for one. Dessert we were all pretty full but try something sweet. It was just right amount of lemon and whipping cream or ice cream on top. It perfect dish too end the night. Good good, good times, and family!!
4	I walked through the doors of the Yard House and stopped dead in my tracks. Drool began to form at the corner of my agape mouth as I stared out over the immense keg room. I knew that I would enjoy this place immensely.The Yard House is in a nice location. It's away from the main Strip, down near the airport, but not too far that a taxi ride is too expensive. We didn't check out any of the shops around the restaurant but it did look like somewhere worth coming back to.  We didn't have a reservation, but received a booth with no hassles or wait time. It was a Sunday night and there was a football game on and the restaurant was very busy and noisy, but our waitress told us that everyone usually left as soon as the game finished, which they mostly did. Our waitress was extremely helpful and friendly and gave us some delicious suggestions for beers to try. For dinner I ordered the Rib Eye, which was delicious and my vegetarian wife had the BBQ "Chicken" Salad. There is a massive selection of vegetarian meals on offer here, which apart from the beer was the main reason we came here. Both of our meals were very nice indeed.After several beers and a perfect amount of food later we left the Yard House very full and very happy. The only downside to the whole night  was that our first very friendly waitress finished her shift shortly after we ordered our first beers. The waitress that took over from her was far from friendly and barely paid any attention to us all night. This wasn't enough to take away from a great night and if we're ever back in Vegas we will definitely be making a return visit here.
4	I love The Yard House. It's a sports/beer bar, but it's not tacky, or like some kind of man cave, in fact, the Yard House seems to be able to pull off a super chill, highly relaxed atmosphere that feels classy and fun. Lots of big TVs everywhere, any game you could want to watch, with a dimly light atmosphere. YH has more beers on tap than you could ever hope to drink in your visits there. Just like their sort of combination feel (nicer bar/restaurant- awesome sports bar) they've managed to do something similar with the menu. Normally, Im a fan of restaurants not trying to do too much, and sticking with a few things that they know how to do well, but this place apparently knows how to do it all well. We came during happy hour and had cheap drinks, and half priced appetizers, firecracker wings, onion rings, poke stack and crab cakes. All were absolutely fantastic. Especially the wings. Unlike most sports bars, this place has never been incredibly loud, the way most sports bars are. Great atmosphere, awesome food, attentive staff, badass place to watch a game.
5	I love Yard House! I ordered the Caribbean Chicken and Penne, and it was awesome! I would definitely go back and order this again! The service was good, too!
5	Happy hour 3-6 lunch specials 12-5! get there at 3 for a little bit of both :) :) :)
4	How can you go wrong with that many Beers to choose from and MMMM I love their Poke stack, Spicy Tuna Roll, and last but not least Mac and Cheese.
3	The Yardhouse is a nice place to go if you're tired of the same old brews on tap. They have a fantastic and interesting selection of beers available, even if their staff sometimes can't offer much help! In their defense, though, the beer list is quite lengthy.This particular location has a pretty nice patio with a fire pit outside that makes for some great people watching. I find that every Yardhouse I've been to is always incredibly loud. Maybe it's the cement floors that just ricochet the sound throughout the restaurant, but it makes for the main reason I stay away from these restaurants until a friend drags me along for happy hour.The food is decent and I'll give them props for having a wide variety of tastes that goes well beyond your typical bar food. Unfortunately, everything is only decent. People rave about the truffle fries, but for me personally, I've never been into the white truffle oil thing and think it tastes like gasoline - fresh truffles are another matter entirely. The ahi tuna poke bowl is fresh and my favorite thing to order here- light soy sauce, rich avocado, a little bit of crunch and sesame oil.. great success. The ahi tuna burgers on the other hand- which claim to be fresh ahi tuna that is hand chopped - automatically comes cooked well. Who.. in their right mind.. cooks fresh ahi tuna well?! It's madness I tell you, and made those burgers that were once great, completely below par. If you decide to go this route - make sure you specify how you want them done!The deviled eggs were a little sweet, but definitely a fun and unusual choice for a restaurant.Ahi tuna caesar salad- exactly what you'd expect.French onion soup - decent, but nothing to rave about. A small bowl with provolone melted over the top, a little lighter broth than most places, the bread was okay. Just okay.Overall, a good happy hour with something for everyone - even a fire pit!
2	After a long drive from Utah, the boy and I decided to meet up some cousins at Yardhouse before our final leg to California. The boy and I are familiar with the Yardhouse in Rancho Cucamonga so it was an easy decision as to what we would get for dinner. We arrived just in time for happy hour and got crab cakes and calamari. Our cousin who is not fond of anything seafood dug right in, which was a huge surprise. Calamari was alright. The tartar sauce wasn't as good as I remembered. It seemed a little bland.  The service for the drinks was a little slow. It took over 15 minutes for the house blonde. For dinner I chose my regular the mac and cheese and he had the grilled chicken and avocado sandwich. Immediately we noticed how dry my food was. It looked to have been sitting under the heat lamp for awhile. I ignored it and dug right in. I had to use salt and pepper to flavor it up (which I've never had to do) and it still tasted bland. We were extremely disappointed in the food but the service was pretty good overall.
4	Worlds largest tap beer selection.   Great food.   Pizzas and Burgers are top notch.  You can't go wrong with this place.  Could be a little cheaper but I'll for sure return.
2	Overall, food: AverageOverall, beer: Good selectionOverall, service: Below average to rudeI perused the other reviews and many of them cite average or sub-par customer service, so I believe this place gets by on its good alcohol selection and location.I had dinner here once, and walked out after ordering drinks the second time.The first visit was average, nothing special - we just watched football and had dinner. Came back a second time and the music was too loud to hear the person next to me, so we asked if they could "turn it down a little" so we could hear each other. The manager came to the table, refused, and walked off. The problem wasn't really the refusal, it was the way it was done. There was nothing polite or apologetic about the delivery, so we paid for the drinks and left.
5	I stopped in for a work lunch today and noticed that they have changed some things on their menu.  There are these little U's next to menu items that are under 600 calories, and to my pleasant surprise, they had a 5 oz. turkey burger with a salad with cirtrus soy dressing with a U next to it.  Fan-effin-tastic!!  I ordered it, despite thinking of every dry, tasteless "healthy" burger I've ever eaten.  My expectations were low.  Granted, I've never ordered anything at Yardhouse before that I didn't like, but the pessimism from my experience with healthy non-beef burgers trumped my consistent satisfaction with the food from Yardhouse.  Our meals came quickly and my neat little plate of burger and salad (with dressing on the side, which I didn't even ask for, thanks server!!!) actually looked quite delicious.  Upon my first bite, I was in heaven!  It was juicy, tasty, delicious goodness in my mouth.  It came topped with roma tomatoes, which I think really sealed the deal.  At 5 ounces, I finished my entire plate and felt perfectly full, unlike most of the time when I go out to lunch and overstuff my face.  I was so happy that I promptly forgot about the annoying sales rep I had dealt with at a meeting earlier that morning. I was ready to go back to work with a renewed pep in my step.The service at Yardhouse is always fast, efficient and friendly.  Although, I used to have this one server that would always try to upsell shots and drinks during my business meetings.  It was quite awkward, but I haven't seen him the last few times I've been, so maybe he quit when he realized the lunch crowd here was not exactly his demo.  We've always been able to get a table quickly for both lunch and dinners.  I also love sitting at the bar sometimes at night and trying new beers from their vast selection.Yardhouse is just an all-around great spot!
3	Been going here for years. Ok Food, ok pricing and ok atmosphere. Customer service is usually ok as well. Food just is not really that exciting and I don't drink alcohol so my rating is on food alone. Not a bad place to go, but not usually high on my list.
4	I have heard many reviews on this place but I have finally had the opportunity to go myself. I ordered a burger, medium rare, and it was cooked perfectly. The array of burgers that they had was very different, I like the variety. They had my favorite beer as well. I think they were a bit high on their prices but for a nice splurge on a good burger, its worth it. The restaurant itself was very nice as well, lots of windows and the staff was very polite.
4	I went on a date (heyyyyy) to Yard House and I wasn't sure if it would be a place I would like. It's a fancy sports bar with a twist of foods. I had the Lobster and aparagus burger and a mexican chicken and shrimp dish which was absolutely wonderful!!!The array of beers were to die for! So many flavors and great happy hour specials!I will return!
4	Two Words: Tortilla Soup!!!!!!!!That's all.Crap, that's 4 words.
4	Quick note about this Yard House....I have never been past the bar area.  This review is for my experience drinking and eating at the bar.  As for service, I have to give them at lest 4 stars.  The team here always makes sure that your fully hydrated with whatever you're drinking.  As for the food here, I've eaten at plenty Yard House's in Las Vegas and California.  When it comes to this specific Yard House, it's mainly just appetizers and during happy hour.  The calamari, seared ahi, and sliders are mu favorites here. I think prices are inexpensive, especially during HH, and because the service is pretty good, I have to state that I do recommend.
4	Chicken nachos were pretty good. I like the Mac & cheese.
2	I have been a fan of Yard House ever since it opened here at Town Square, especially during Happy Hour where we can take advantage of the special deals on appetizers and drinks. It's a great way to find out what we like so we can share suggestions when take our out town guests here for dinner. Dining here has always been pretty good as far as food and service goes. Except for my last visit here.  I had ordered Chicken Nachos appetizer and mistake on my part, I didn't realized it's served with Guacamole which I am highly allergic to and get real bad food reactions from it. I was going to work my way around the nacho plate but our server was really nice and said he would have it remade, no problem, only it would take a few minutes more.  Few minutes later I had a dish of Chicken Nachos! Looked great and it did for the most part tasted pretty good. Only thing is it was the same plate of nachos with the one layer of guac just scraped off the plate.  There were still even traces of guac still left on the chips and smudges of guac on plate!  (see pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yard-house-las-vegas?select=j_re5zvpe5Qh7zwBXkpMyg#j_re5zvpe5Qh7zwBXkpMyg  ) I didn't really want to have this plate taken back yet again. Needless to say I was really disappointed I didn't touch the plate after I saw there was still guacamole on it.  It's no fault of the server. Rest of our orders were pretty good.  But the cook line needs to know that food allergies should be taken seriously. Had I ate anything that even had a smidgen of guacamole, you would've had your guest knocked out on your table.
5	Great service, great food, awesome music. Love this Yardhouse. They always accommodate my large parties and still manage to get our orders right, food out within a good time, and split our checks right. Awesome! Thanks
4	I admit it, I'm a Yard House whore. I seriously love this place. The restaurant has such a chill and laid back vibe. It's huge and has ample seating. They have nice cushiony booths so if you and a date come by then you can have a semi-romantic dinner on one of those. Want to sit outside? They have a nice patio area in which they have heaters for the chillier days. They have TVs all over the place with different channels. Games are on most of the time. If you want to watch a specific game on a specific TV, all you have to do is ask.I'm not a big beer person. But Yard House is the one place I will indulge in a glass (or two...or three...). My favorite beer is the Lindeman's Framboise. A Belgian lambic beer, it has the perfect cidery raspberry taste. They serve it in some sort of champagne glass - it makes me want to pinky up because I feel almost sophisticated drinking it! I also love their fruit ciders, especially their pear cider. The Snakebite is also divine - it's a blend of the pear cider and harp. Besides their beer, they have pretty good specialty mixed drinks. One that comes to mind is their Pomegranate Margarita. Tart and pomegranite-y with a pretty presentation!Their food awesome! My faves are listed below:[Before i list specific food items, I'd like to say that Yard House has really really good fries. They're super thin and super addicting. If you're into the thick cut steak fries, you won't find them here]Appetizers- Seared Ahi Sashimi: About 6 pieces of seared tuna covered in soy vinaigrette is served next to a small bed of red cabbage also covered in the vinaigrette. I really like this dish when it's made right. Sometimes they over-drench the sashimi pieces and the dish becomes ultra salty.- Onion Ring Tower: Literally, the name says it all. It's apparently beer battered and comes with a chipotle ketchup and ranch dressing. - Spicy Tuna Roll: If you're expecting a typical sushi roll, then don't. This is served without rice and as a stack. Bottom layer are edamame and cucumbers. Middle layer is your tuna and the top layer is the avocado. It's a pretty dish. Very innovative. - Sliders: Specifically the bearnaise or ahi sliders. Four sliders plus a handful of fries. They call this an appetizer, but the portions are not appetizer-like!Entree- Mac & Cheese squared: Chicken, bacon, mushrooms, truffle oil. Can't go wrong with this one. They use wild mushrooms that elevated your boring mac & cheese to the next level. [This is it for entrees. I usually stick with their appetizers.]Dessert- Chocolate souffle: Small souffle good for one. Scoop of vanilla ice cream on top with mint garnish. Do not leave without trying this. I'm seriously serious. Yard House has great happy hour. 3 PM - 6 PM Monday - Friday and 10 PM - close Sunday - Thursday. Drink specials and half off on a lot of their appetizers! Their sliders are discounted as well. Perfect late night meal.
4	I love the Yardhouse happy hour' regular dinner menu and just to stop and have a drink. The Yardhouse in Town Square is better than the one in Red Rock as they will take reservations on the weekend even for a table of 24. Their menu is quite extensive with a variety of American style, contemporary dishes. I highly recommend!
4	Yard house is pretty awesome especially when your there with awesome company.  I've been here a bunch of times and always have a blast.  If you're here you're going to be most likely getting one of those long glasses filled with beer, I always thought they were yard long glasses, hence the name Yard House, but I think they're half yards now. They have a great selection of domestic, imports, and craft beers.  They also have a special selection of beer which they'll serve until they run out.  I'd recommend trying those first if they sound good to you.Happy Hours:Monday - Friday 3pm - 6pm, half off those drinks, apps, and pizzas, there's also specials on some drinks.Sunday - Wednesday 10pm - Close, same as M-F except no half off those long drinks.If you can try to get a sit outside because inside is usually pretty loud and you might get your drinks faster, the bar is usually crowded.  It's also easier to get a party of about 20 seated together.  I think we had about that many last time, some passing out, everyone a drunken mess, good times. They have heaters during the winter and when it gets warmer nice place to have a beer away from the A/C.Their food is actually pretty good better that what you'd expect from a place that serves mass amounts of alcohol.  They have everything from burgers to seafood to pizza, pasta, ribs, desserts...Service is usually most of the time, haven't had a problem yet except for the time I asked for a yard a crown and they said no jk.  I'd say the only problem about this place is that when it's crowded, every time I've been there, it gets difficult getting a beer at the bar. Overall I'd always go back.
5	Poke bowl always a must! GREAT beer selection and specialty beers.. Very knowledgeable staff! Everything on the menu is delicious!! Happy hour or not.. Place is always packed with a great atmosphere!! Have become a weekly regular!!
4	Good atmosphere. Might see a local celeb. Great chicken strips and beer selection. Try the rasberry lambic blend beer. Mmmm
4	Yard House has been one of my favorite hang out spots with friends for the longest time. It's at Town Square and right by UNLV, perfect place to go to during Happy Hour with the amount of draft beers they have!!The restaurant is huge inside with outdoor seating!! I like sitting outside during fall/spring time frame and definitely indoors during winter and summer. It's a laid back chill environment that's good for everyone. The ambient lighting is good for that kind of romantic feeling if you want it to be, but also just to relax and chill. I'm here for Happy Hour with a bunch of friends usually, we used to frequent this place at least once a week, now not so much as we're getting tired of the same ol' thing, lol. I like trying something different every time I come here as far as the draft beer goes. I've tried almost everything and found some of my favorite types through doing this! Just gotta keep an open mind and be willing to try something new in order for this to work out! Amber ales have been my favorites, followed by stouts, and then lagers, but I've also been spoiled by what's on tap and now I stay away from bottled beer as much as possible! It really does taste different.With my friends and I, we usually just stick around to what's on the appetizer menu, because they're half off during Happy Hour. Some of our favorites include the Chicken Nachos, Chicken Tenders, Seared Ahi Sashimi, Sliders, Spinach artichoke dip, and pizza. You'll almost always see these items on our table from the Happy Hour menu. Other items we usually end up ordering are the Truffle Fries and the Mac & Cheese. The portions are decent for the appetizers and good for sharing, especially the Chicken Nachos. It's good for just all around hang out with a bunch of friends to just relax and catch up. I don't usually do large groups at other places, but here it's fine, because it does get pretty loud.
4	This is for teh townsquare loc.The food quality was superb and better than I expected for never having been at a yardhouse before.Loved the huge draft selection and I did imbibe alot on various styles of beer.Truly enjoyable. Bride & I both enjoyed the food from apps to entrees and the service was excellent,even though it became quite busy.We unknowlingly entered at happy hour and perhaps ordered more libations and apps than we would normally would have but we had just landed a few hours earlier and were glad to try something new,overall superb and will def return
4	Anchor Steam beer on tap!! The service was great and the BBQ chicken salad I ordered was pretty good and surprisingly filling. Patio seating was perfect for the weather that day and I'll definitely be coming back.
2	I know that the tortilla soup here is pretty bomb but wheres the service and the people bringing out the food? I was here last Saturday night and it took over 15 minutes for someone to even GREET us or acknowledge our presence. The host seated us immediately but making us wait that long to acknowledge that we were there didn't impress me. Not to mention that the person that came over just came to tell us that our server was coming back from her break shortly. Still, not impressed. We ended up leaving because getting someone to take our order took much too long and we had to catch a movie.
2	Over rated. Better food else where. Waitress did not bother to refill my iced tea when she brought over refills for my husband and son. My turkey club sandwich - dry. Although I did enjoy the small side of Cesar salad, hence the 2 stars.
4	Not a good place to have a conversation because it's very loud. However the food was very good! I ordered a gardein thai noodle salad (small,  less than 600 calories!) and an ahi toke bowl (300ish calories), both were delicious. My only complaint is that they use a bit too much NaCl in their food.  Prepare to drink gallons of H2O when you go home.
1	...For the record, I have never posted a negative review online...This evening I decided to eat at this Yardhouse location, but the experience was traumatic. Between California and Nevada, I have eaten at this restaurant at least a few dozen times, and general eat the same few options. Getting to the point, upon arrival of the main course, i saw a dark piece of something poking out of the breading of my chicken fingers. Considering I eat these almost every time I eat at Yardhouse, dismantling deemed appropriate. I pulled the breading off and discovered a cockroach /bug type wing and a limb on an insect. The food runner was notified of the incident, and attempted to take the plate back. I denied him, took a photo and requested a manager. The manager (Beau Boskey) assured me it was cabbage, but also denied eating it upon request. At this point, he offered to take that dish off the bill, and shrugged off the entire situation as a misunderstanding. He entirely discrediting my opinion, and I'm a collector of  scientific insect displays. Kind of ironic. Our server came over and apologized about the whole situation. We understood it wasn't her fault, but did let her know that the manager handled the situation wrong(she was tipped). She apparently notified him of my dissatisfaction and conversation of taking this to his upper management/corporate. After Beau, the manager, caught word, he decided to retract his original offer and comp the whole meal. This attempt to appease me was an appropriate gesture, a bit late and an obvious back step. Overall, this restaurant experience will never be forgotten... in a bad way. .........By the way... I looked up deep fried cabbage on google image search and my photo looks very different. gross. 3/22/13 Update- I was recently offered a free meal and assurance that my experience is going to be used as a training exercise. Obviously, I'll never eat at this place again, and hopefully they figure out how to deal with these situations better in the future.
4	To be honest, I've never had anything that wasn't on the happy hour menu. And to be honest, that's enough to keep me coming back. The happy hour menu consists of various appetizers at half price. I highly recommend the chicken nachos and the pastrami sliders. As far as ambiance goes, it definitely has a feel good atmosphere and it's a great place to relax and catch a game/sporting event on one of the many TV's around the joint. The lowdown- Bring your friends, bring a date, eat some good food, enjoy yourself.
4	I have a very soft spot for Yard House which is maybe why I give this place such a high rating.  Yard House was the first off the strip place I was taken when I moved out here.  The food is not cheap and I'm still making my rounds on the menu to find something which I can tell someone "Is really good".I've had the salad (OK), Mac & Cheese (OK), Burger (better) and sandwich w/ soup (Great but kinda small) but nothing that makes me want to go out of my way to dine here.  Not at least until I've tried all my "bucket list" places.The ambiance is good here and competes with Brio for one of the most popular places in Town Square.  Although I'm not a beer drinker, I know many like the large selection and the interior has the feeling of a micro-brewery.If I recall correctly, I've always had to wait a few minutes to get seated here because it is such a popular place.  When I have friends come in from out of town I normally take them here to get them off the strip, into Town Square into something a little different and everyone seems to enjoy it.I will continue to search and find that one amazing menu item for my taste buds!
4	Love the selection of speciality beers!
5	If you are a tourist looking to take a nice break from the Sports book to watch a game, this is a great place to head!! They have a ridiculous variety of beer and their food is great. I personally enjoy people watching on their patio over some sliders. They have a large menu, so even the healthy people in your group will be satisfied. Nothing beats their happy hour!
4	I come here often for lunch with the girls. It is a great place to relax and rest our feet from all the shopping that is around. It is also a great spot to have some food before going up to party at Blue Martini. They are open late and never disappoint. The food is always great and we have never had any service that was less than stellar. It is perfect for sports fans and anyone else really.
4	Went here last evening and it was super busy. Waited about 15 minutes to be seated and then we were placed at a table which was right between the bar and some booths. Which were both packed.So it was super. Fucking. Noisy. Which was great for my anxiety!Food wise, we got the macaroni and cheese which I thought was really good. And we also got the thai chicken pizza off of the Gardenia menu. I was pretty impressed with all the things on the vegetarian menu, and they even have little V's next to the food names to indicate it is animal free. The thai chicken of course was not real chicken, not sure what brand they use and forgot to ask, but it was really amazing.The waiter was cool, and frequently came back to check on us and brought our food out pretty fast despite the amount of traffic there was.The only I recommend is, if you hate people, don't come here! It's super loud, you'll have to shout out your waiter to get them to hear you. By the end of the night I wanted to cry cause the sound was unbearable. But that's just cause I'm a weirdo! Everyone else seemed to be having a good time.
4	OMG...Why didn't I know about this place!  They have like 1000 beers on tap!  Well not that many, but a lot!  I love there menu!  We got the pastrami sliders! And it came with fries!   It was so good!  Not sure what beer we got, but I really, really liked it a lot  It was a little more expensive than what were use to paying!  It's all good though, we will splurge here from time to time! They had this raspberry beer!  SAY WHAT!  Yes, rasberry, it taste like a soda!   It was interesting!  Anyway, I will be back!
4	Yard House + Me = Love Affair!  For parents of little ones, Yard House is a Go-To place with kids because it's okay to be a little loud inside - the entire restaurant is LOUD!  A good loud - because it's hopping with business!  My visit last night gets 4 stars instead of 5 because the service was considerably slow.  The restaurant was full, like always, but the service seemed much slower than ever.  That being said, this place never dissapoints me.  Visited Yard House last night (Friday night around 6:00pm) for drinks and dinner with friends.  Wonderful time with great food and great beer!I tried a new dish last night and it was YUMMY!  The Chicken Tinga tacos rock!!  But be ready - they are SPICY!  When a beer restaurant can make some of the best tacos in town, you know you are in a special place!   The mexican rice and beans are excellent as well!  It was one of my favorite meals I've had at Yard House - and I've probably had about 25.  I paired my meal with their House Belgium Trippel Ale - which was very good!  The children's menu is very good as well.  We ordered the Mac-N-Cheese for the kiddo, with a side of fruit, and it comes with a drink and an ice-cream dessert for $6.95.  A little on the pricey side of Kids Menus, but the food is top quality kids food!  It's not Kraft macaroni and cheese out of a box - it's homemade with the same cheeses they make the entree meals from.
1	This place was horrible...first off they sat us in an area that wasn't even being serviced yet.  Luckily the waitress serving the area next to us realized we weren't being helped after about 5 min.  We even tried getting someones attention but nobody responded, it was pretty obvious no one was waiting on us....its called 'CUSTOMER SERVICE" I guess they haven't heard of it.  The manager that we "finally" got to talk to acted like  didn't give a crap and obviously she didn't.....We will never go to this place again, the one at Red Rock is much better the service was great.
4	Went there with a group of 8 people and this place was PACKED for a Tuesday night. Good to see folks out and about enjoying good food, a large selection of beers, and of course.. sports on the countless TVs that were spread out around the restaurant. It was a bit dark in there for my taste, hard to read the menu. The fact that there was plenty of seats, was great. You had a choice of tables, booths, or the bar. I liked that the menu had a wide selection of items to chose from: soups, salads, seafood, burgers, sandwiches, and comfort foods like mac and cheese. Service was speedy and efficient. We didn't get to the desert menu because we were full. Maybe next time I am at Town Square I'll stop in and enjoy the food, beer, and great atmosphere.
4	New England clam chowder is one of my all time favorites and yesterday I stopped by the Yard House in Town Square and ordered a cup of chowder and wings. I immediately regretted my decision, since the last time I went to the Yard House in Summerlin the chowder was watery, had very little flavor and was not good. Instead of canceling my order I figured I'd try it since I was at a different location. Wow! I was pleasantly surprised to have the most fantastic New England clam chowder I have had since the East coast. It was the perfect consistency and loaded with flavorful clams. I definitely got my money's worth. The service was excellent, as they bought my glass of wine since there was a minimal delay in my drink order. A delay I barely noticed, but I did make a point of telling them to call the chef in Summerlin and teach him how to make clam chowder.
5	Fantastic ServiceAwesome FoodLittle PriceyAllows food Customization and still tastes great.Totally Impressed.I am a regular customer, i go there once every week.After my last visit i would like to make one quick suggestion:Restaurant should highly concentrate on hiring or training quality servers. Suggest not to pick who doesn't know how to treat their customers.Great food is always complimented by better service.
4	was looking forward to a chocolate frambois, but alas... they were out of frambois. kilkenny never lets me down. had the fish and chips. i dont remember if i had it before but when it came out it looked like fish sticks. im used to huge chunks of cod, but they had something different... i dont remember the name. other than the fish sticks presentation it was good. well i guess anything is good if you drench it in malt vinegar. dunno if it was me but it seemed extra dark in there today. last time i was here was when i was on a date. didnt really think about the lighting then, but more about my dates boobs...sorry anthony m. i wasnt thinking about your boobs...
4	After and independent of a UYE, when I join my Yelp friends for socializing at the Yard House, it becomes the Yelp House. The Yard House is a fun place for groups of friends to hang out over beer and good food. The restaurant does a commendable job accommodating large groups. Both times that I went to the Yard House we had no problem getting a large table. The service is precise. And when it is time to pay, we had our own checks. Substitute Yelpers for a gathering of general friends, or a date and the Yard House is everybody's social house.  The Yard House is my choice chain restaurant for beer selection. The Yard House is to beer what Baskin Robbins is to ice cream. Whereas Baskin Robbins features 31 flavors of ice cream,, the Yard House features approximately 600 flavors of beer (I counted the beer listed in the menu). If I were to go to the Yard House one Friday a week to order a flavor of beer, according to my math it would take me 12 years to done this. Or if I were to go to the Yard House everyday to try a flavor of beer, it would take me 2 years to do this. Some of the beers may have been listed under a couple of different headings. The deal is that the Yard House selection of beer is as good as it gets.   There are eleven series of beer. There is the chalkboard series. The cider series is the seasonals. The light beer is less than 5.8% alcohol content. This series includes many of the name brands such as Michelob and Budweiser. There is the Honey Fruit series which includes BBC Strawberry Blonde and Blue Point Blueberry. There is the wheat series that includes Blue Hawaiin Hefeweizen. The Malty series includes Bass Ale and Alaskin Amber. The Dark series includes Big Sky Moose Drool and Bison Organic Chocolate. The bitter series includes Anchor Liberty and Blue Point Hoptical Illusion. And there is the Strong and Effervescent series. The menu lists the alcohol content. Unless I overlooked something, the Allagash Curieux is the strongest at 11% alcohol content. There are three sizes of beer. I went for the middle size which is the pint. For the record I greatly appreciated the Firestone.  This very Yard House features a Happy Hour and Late Night Specials. The Happy Hour is Monday-Friday 3-6 pm and Late Night Special Sunday-Wednesday 10-close. They include domestic pints from $4.25-$5.75, well drinks $4.27-$4.75 and wine by glass $2 off. If you are up to food there are half price appetizers & pizza.  The food is good but I've tasted better. My complaint about the roasted turkey club is that it was layers of sandwich instead of the sandwich I am accustomed to. The classic cheeseburger was a good choice. The fries are these skinny things that remind me of potato sticks. I feel that the Yard House ought to expand their fries selection to include steak fries and just thicker fries.  When I socialize at a restaurant, I am big on the music that is playing. I was won over by the music playing. I heard great music from Led Zeppelin, the Rolling Stones and classic rock era.  The Yard House excells at their selection of beer. Whether it is my Yelp House or social House I intend to return. When I return I plan to try the Blue Point Blueberry beer that is brewed in Blue Point, NY; 5 miles south of where I lived. Gotta be patriotic to my home town.Daniel. S Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 72
3	Meh...I wasn't that impressed. Then again, I don't drink. Food wasn't bad, wasn't amazing either. I would say it's fairly average.
3	I've been to this place several times and its rather hit and miss. The chicken fried chicken is seriously one of the best I've ever had (and I was raised in Texas) but the Mac and cheese was greasy and gross. Their beer is great but don't buy a cocktail, they are all ice and seriously weak. Truth be told, if I'm going to be eating in town square I'd rather eat cheaper and buy something or get drunk. It's very crowded on the weekends and not worth the wait. Also, the pizza tastes like cheap dijiorno. Tl;dr; food's overrated, beer great. Not worth line.
4	Outdoor atmosphere is great.  It was pretty busy, but we got seated pretty quickly.  The food was good and choice of beers great!  I would go here often just to try the different brews.  We were able to watch a few games on the TV's and still talk.
1	I have lived in Vegas for now over a year, and I have to say that by far this was the worst restaurant I have been too. When we first came in it looked fun, loud, dark - perfect for a younger crowd looking to have some fun. We decided to sit outside because Vegas weather is to be enjoyed as much as possible and were quickly concerned by the size of the menu. I have never seen a menu this large. Yes 2 pages are of the brews that they have on tap but the other 5 pages (back and front) are of food they serve. They serve pizza, soup, salad, vegetarian, tacos, fish, sushi, dessert, sandwiches, burgers, pasta EVERYTHING. This is when I got nervous. Usually when I see a menu over 2 pages I'm wondering if they're a "Jack of all trades and a King of NONE." As I looked through the menu every item had this grandiose listing of ingredients that looked as if they belonged in a high end restaurant. As far as I knew I was in a restaurant that cherished beer and was named the "YARD HOUSE". It was obvious that they were overcompensating or just flat out LYING about what they put in their food. After reading a novel of a menu for over 10 minutes I thought I had finally decided what I wanted. I ordered a ranch side salad and their "famous" mac n cheese. My husband ordered a BBQ burger - well done with french fries. We did not order any brew. When they brought out my salad I was surprised to see that they had used a hot plate to serve my cold salad. It did not help the taste. The lettuce itself was very weak and not crunchy at all like Iceberg lettuce generally is. After eating a few bites I saw something dark and shiny in the bottom of my bowl...I began to dig it out and realized that it was a long thin dark black hair. I stopped eating. A few minutes after I stopped eating I asked for our waitress to take the salad away due to the hair and she apologized and asked if I would like something else instead. Just to be safe I ordered the Caesar salad. The salad quickly came out within two minutes and I was excited to try it because I LOVE Caesar dressing. I took a huge bite and for some reason my nose and my pallete tasted and smelled something skunky...I had assumed it may have been the man who had just walked by and continued to take another bite. After that bite I knew it was the dressing. The Yard House had tried to "remake" caesar dressing and it was awful. It tasted like someone had just rubbed their dirty gym sock all over my salad. I didn't take another bite.Shortly after that our meals had arrived and as I am the BIGGEST mac and cheese fan I was super excited to taste their rendition of an old favorite. They had used some "fancy" pasta with a few different cheeses, chicken, bacon, mushrooms and a bread crumble on top. The cheese sauce was good, the pasta itself was way overcooked and too soft, the bacon was soft..which was not appealing and some of the chicken was cold as if they had frozen slices and just heated them for the dish. I pushed everything but the pasta and the cheese to the side and tried to enjoy it. After a couple of bites I started to feel really sick. I'm not really sure what caused it but I honestly felt like I was going to throw up. It might have had something to do with the fact that a few seconds before the table next to us OUTSIDE had ordered fish and I was drowning in bad fish odor at our table. My husband even complained of the stench. That fish was IN NO WAY FRESH. It smelt like rotten salmon that had been sitting under a heat lamp all day. I almost gagged when they first brought it out. I think that, and the combo of feeling like I ate a dirty sock and soft pasta may have made me sick. My husband said that his burger was alright, and the fries were okay, but really stringy. Halfway into eating my mac and cheese a woman came out to speak to me about the hair that I had found in my salad. She let me know that it was NOT a hair, and that it was actually corn silk, left over from the "fresh" corn they had just chucked to make my salad. I've eaten fresh corn, canned corn and frozen corn all of my life. They have very distinct differences. I know, that that was frozen corn. It was gooey and hard to chew, fresh corn just pops in your mouth. I don't know why anyone had come out to argue with me about what I found in my salad. Last time I chucked corn the silk was usually white to a yellowish color. Not BLACK. Nice try though.Anyway, my husband and I both left feeling very nauseous and the drive back to Henderson was NOT a pleasant one. The entire drive home I was trying my hardest not to throw up. I don't want to explain what the rest of my night was like but I'm sure you get the picture. We wont be back here.
5	One of my favorites.  Great happy hour, drinks (the only place I will drink beer - they have so many different and yummy kinds to choose from), vibe and a ton of vegan options to choose from!
5	Amazing. I am so proud of this location. The decor; amazing. The employees; amazing. I do love the employees. I know almost all of them who work on the weekends. I come here almost every weekend too. I love all of the food. I love this restaurant.
5	I seriously can't say enough good stuff about this Yardhouse location. I had never been to one prior to living in Las Vegas so this one will always hold a special spot in my heart! The service is always super friendly and because I have a knack for modifying their cocktails, the bartenders tend to remember who I am =) I highly recommend getting the "Gin and Ginger" but tell them to sub Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey for the gin..TRUST ME! Every person who tastes/straw tests it ends up falling in love! And you're welcome!!
4	LOVE the Kung Pao Calamari! Definitely one of those craveable foods!
2	Let me begin by saying I brought this on myself. I was hungry, really really hungry, and yes I went for a chain restaurant. Further more, order poorly, like really really poorly. I blame my actions on fatigue, and pray you don't judge me. Came here today for lunch at 3pm. Was seated in their lovely patio. Started off with guacamole, it was fine. When it came to our lunches my friend asked if he could have a pizza half pepperoni half BBQ chicken. We were told you can't do half pizzas when they have different sauces. What? He explained he didn't care if the topping ventured onto the wrong sauce (BBQ/tomato) and the kitchen refused. Then came my brilliant order of the Hawaiian poke stack. At this time, an alarm should have sounded in my brain "Rachel! It's ahi tuna! It's raw! It takes skill and quality to create a sublime product and your at a chain!". Instead my tummy prevailed, and what I got  was a stringy, chewy, tough, pile of butchered fish. Lesson learned, when hungry and if you wind up at a chain, pause, think, then order.I do want to mention the staff is great and this in no way reflects on them.
3	After my last review, the management emailed me and was apologetic for the problems we encountered. We gave it a few months and decided to return for another try. We were seated promptly but I wish they would get rid of the tables and just have booths because sitting at a table makes you feel like you are on display! The beer was excellent as usual but this is the first time in probably 40 times we have been here that the service was really bad. I think everyone was having the same problem because I watched some people get up and go to the bar to order their own drinks or chase down their waitress. Perhaps they were understaffed that day or they just had a bunch of retards working! The food was slow but good. I had the fried chicked and my wife had the fish taco plate. Both were cooked to our liking - even though they came to our table on the slow boat!I'm sure the service problems were just a one time thing so we'll be back again for another review! I hope they can get back to 5 stars because I really enjoy this place when everything is working as intended!
5	We cannot get enough of this place! The selection is fantastic! On this visit I had the seared tuna sandwich and it was an absolute delight. The shoestring fries are yummy and the sea salt caramel butterscotch pudding is out of this frickin' world!! They also mix Framboise Raspberry Lambic with Youngs Double Chocolate Stout for what they call a Young Berry Chocolate and it's delightful. :)
3	I'm baaaaack. We gave YardHouse another try and our experience was definitely better - but the Santana Row location will always be home. We decided to come for lunch and since the weather was beautiful we decided to sit outside. I have NO IDEA why YardHouse does this but they sit people when their servers are at lunch. The logic makes NO SENSE to me because how is there supposed to be service at a table when the server assigned to it is off the clock. Right? I'm not sure either. This happened last time and it happened again. Thankfully the server wasn't on lunch for a godly amount of time and we were actually able to get our order in in a timely manner.The food seems really consistent location to location and you can't get me away from their french fries or  BBQ Ranch chicken salad but seating your customers in an area that won't get any service needs to change. Until then, this place is still just "ok"
5	One of my favorites.  Great happy hour, drinks (the only place I will drink beer - they have so many different and yummy kinds to choose from), vibe and a ton of vegan options to choose from!
5	Great place! Could be quieter and the outside area could have a smoke free section but hey,I guess it's a sports bar after all. Food is a must try there.
5	Amazing food as always, great service, had the roast beef dip.
3	For a chain restaurant I do really like the food....especially the bernaise burgers.  It is always a "safe" place to go.  They menu is quite extensive and the beer selection is amazing.  I'd easily give the food four and bar stars.  What hurts them is the service.  It is always too slow.  I don't think it is the servers in particular, just something about how they run the place.  If you show up hungry, be ready to be REALLY hungry before you get your food.  It is also a bit too noisy inside for conversation at the table.  Outside is quieter and quite pleasant weather permitting.
5	We were looking for a place to hold a UYE based around the Angels vs. Dodgers baseball game.  I don't know too many places that is central to the Valley.  After thinking it over for about a week, we decided to go to the Yard House at Town Center.  Now, I have been to a couple of Yard Houses in So. Cal. and I liked the idea.  So, I called and made a reservation for the 10 of us.  Here is my experience:Like I stated before, I called to make a reservation.  And, I talked to Bo, one of the managers.  He was extremely helpful as I told him my needs.  Which were, a table to fit all of us and a T.V. to watch the game.  He hooked us up and explained up front that there was to be an 18% automatic gratuity added to our bill.  Which is policy for groups over 7.  We were fine with that as I'm sure we tipped out more.Our waiter and waitress were awesome.. they were friendly, attentive and speedy.  I should have gotten their names but, I forgot.  They truly made the night.  I saw food and drinks come out and everything looked good.  I don't think that anyone had any problems.  I can only comment on the Pizza and beer that I ordered.  I was really happy with my order.  I can't complain at all.So, I give Yard House 5 stars because we all had a great night with great service, great drinks, great food and even better company.Side note: The Angels won! and that was just the icing on the cake.
4	I've tried most of the watering holes and food joints in and around Town Square.  Of course, it is always a hit and miss.  I've tried Miller's Ale House on the opposite side of the outdoor mall also and I can say that Yard House is, hands down, way better than Ale House - in so many levels.  Am not a big fan of chain or franchised restaurants and tend to be very judgmental of them.  My friend was starving after watching the most recent Superman movie at the Rave, or AMC Theaters.  I blamed my friend for choosing Ale House the last time because that was just a waste of a hard earned money so we went to Yard House which is literally a few steps away from the cinema.  I wasn't very happy of the choice, but hey, I might as well give it a try. We were quickly seated and drinks were served in a flash.  I ordered their Spicy Jambalaya with linguini instead of rice, and my friend ordered their Parmesan Crusted Chicken.   My review is based on the food that I pig out on.  My friend liked the chicken too, more than the pork medallion (actually pork schnitzel) from Ale House.  We didn't wait long for our entrees.  The Jambalaya pasta came tolerably hot.  Good servings, if I may add.  It was reasonably seasoned.  Not that spicy as I was expecting but there sure was some kind of a bite and kick because of the paprika, cheyenne pepper and cajun seasonings.  The dish was perfectly tossed in cajun sauce generously packed with small shrimps, roasted red and green peppers, fresh tomatoes, slivers of andouille sausage and topped with two grilled huge shrimps (mini prawns).  I remember having Jambalaya pasta from Cheesecake Factory and Claim Jumpers decades ago and I thought they were good, but Yard House's is better.  We liked the way our server/waitress didn't bother us every 5 minutes or so asking how everything was.   We were left to enjoy and savor our food, and only came when necessary (refilling our drinks, clearing up our table and bringing in the check).  Suffice to say, i finished my plate and was happy with it.  Total damage for me was $25.00.  A bit pricey for a pasta dish but considering the ambience and the service, it wasn't that bad.
4	Fun place. Tons of beer. Good food.
3	I like the yard house. I would recommend taking a date to this place; It's casual. The place is a little too dim, though. The food is a tad bit overpriced, but the food tastes amazing. I would recommend the chicken enchilada that comes in a circular cut out instead of the traditional tortilla rolls with the stuff in the middle.Comes with green and red sauce. So. Good. Drinks are expensive as well and could use a little more alcohol. Service is okay, but could be a little more attentive.Either way, I like this place.
3	The place it's nice. I will give a 4 star for the interior, 4 star for the food and drinks, and 2 for the service. It takes forever for the servers to approach and also forever for the food to be served. Btw feels like they need a dishwasher or a new dish washing machine. If the owner it's reading this review ( please hire few more servers ) I like this place and it feels that every time it's getting worst. I will recommend this place for a friend
4	I always go here for a quick bite! I love the Ahi Poke appetizer and the classic sliders. Also, the 21+ drink selection is quite large, me and my friends always try something new every time we visit here in Town Square. Also, the restaurant is in a prime location so that if you sit outside, the sun will not be glaring at you :) Our waiters are always helpful, friendly, and talkative--my favorite type of people! Yet, even the small dishes are a bit pricey, but it's just...worth it. I suggest that you open up the day with the summer salad! If you love healthy, that salad is to die for ;)
5	All I ate was appetizers coconut shrimp, crab cakes, and Tai ribs.. Coconut shrimp was the best! Wife had veggy burger and top 5 veggie burgers I have tasted .. Juicy
4	I am a big fan of Yard House.  There are so many drinks to select from, even though I always stick with my wine when I go there. Staff is awesome. The host that showed us to our table was so kind. He chatted the entire way talking about how his day was. It is usually pretty packed so I would make a reservation or get there a little bit early to grab a table. Its really loud especially when there is a sports game on so I would not recommend going if you are taking a date there and would like to hear her!  I always order the mushroom lettuce wraps with Tofu.  It is an appetizer but fills me up like an entree. Pricey are very reasonable including drink prices! Our service has always been right on point.  Making sure everything is great, getting out food and drinks in a timely manner and always having a smile on their faces!
4	Excellent Happy Hour and best beer selection in town I think.
5	Good. Really good. Really, really good! A little pricey and worth it. THE place to eat and drink at Town Square!
4	6 Beer Sampler, Belgian, awesome! I loved the Petrus Aged Red the best! It has a strong and sweet berry flavor. The dessert was fabulous! I had the brownie sundae, well worth the 15 minute wait to order, and it would be enough for three people easily!
4	Yard house happy hour is the reason why i love yard house so much. the quality of the food is already great let alone dropping prices for happy hour! selection of beers is amazing plus the various sizes you can choose from! great place for bites & drinks! even better place for a late lunch! Chicken Nachos is a must!
4	My second time at a Yard House restaurant, the first time was in Pasadena, CA and the food was not enjoyable. This Yard House location was great! We had a group of 18 and didn't make reservations, the manager got us seated as soon as possible. Our servers took our drink and food orders quickly and made sure the little kids got their food first. Everyone was pleased with their meals and one of our servers brought over a free habanero beer sampler for my brother. The staff were patient with us as we were a large group and didn't seem to mind all the kids running around. The service here was great and I really appreciated that.
4	This place has great variety of both food and drinks. Servers are nice and attentive. There's an outdoor patio section that's primarily protected from the sun and has misters during the summer months. Overall I really enjoy coming here and intend to visit again.
4	I have been here several times and had only good experiences so far. They have a huge selection of beers, several micro brews, and  lots of great food items. We were a party of 6 last night and we sat out the patio. The service was very quick and friendly, although the place was mostly empty. Our waiter was a bit of a low talker so it was very hard to hear him throughout the meal. We sat outside on the patio and I ordered the BBQ chicken salad which was excellent, little spicy but oh so good. This place is a great place to have a nice meal and a few drinks, while watching a game on TV. Def will be back for more.
4	I like Yardhouse.  They have a huge menu with a lot of great options.  It's like the cooler, more casual first of a certain "Dessert-titled Factory."The bar is alway busy and of course their beer selection is impressive.  My favorite thing about Yardhouse is their great happy hour.  Their drinks are very affordable and there are plenty of pizzas, pastas, and other selections at a discounted price.  Their chicken nachos are my favorite :)Service is always good..not exceptional, but casual and relatively efficient. Overall this is my go-to place at Town Square.
3	We went for lunch on a Sunday afternoon for my friend's birthday.  I've never been to a Yard House.  They were located  on Las Vegas Blvd at Town Square in Las Vegas.We shared an order of Fried Calamari.  It came with tartar and spicy tomato sauce.  There was a good amount of tentacles and body breaded in a heavy cornmeal breading.My friend ordered the half order of Ahi Crunchy Salad which had 4 pieces of seared rare ahi, field greens, asian slaw and crispy wontons tossed in soy vinaigrette.  The full order had 6 pieces of seared rare ahi and more field greens.My other friend ordered the lunch portion of BBQ Pizza and a Classic Ranch Salad.  The salad was just iceberg lettuce with shredded carrots, cucumber, and tomatoes.I ordered the lunch portion of half a Roast Beef Dip and a cup of Clam Chowder.There was not a spoon on the plate, so I had to track down our server.  The Roast Beef Dip was tender and the creamy horseradish was really good.  Next time I would order a whole Roast Beef Dip which comes with fries.  i had also ordered a side of french fries.  They were warm, not freshly fried.The server brought out a complimentary Mini Lemon Souffle with fresh raspberries and house made whipped cream with a candle for my friend's birthday.  It was very light.I will be back.
5	I have been to two Yard House restaurants this year and love this chain. Large menu, great service, and awesome happy hour specials.  The portions are substantial and the menu has something for all tastes. I will be back....soon.  Oh by the way the beer is great too!
5	Five stars mainly because of our awesome server (so bummed I forgot her name!) and their amazing salted caramel butterscotch pudding!!  Our server was so sweet and friendly and paid us just the right amount of attention during our meal.  Then there's their pudding -oh my goodness their pudding!  I'd have to say it's the second yummiest thing I've ever eaten, only behind the salty caramel macaron ice cream sandwich from Ginger Elizabeth in Sacramento.  I shared the pudding with someone on this particular visit but not next time! :p  If you are a caramel lover like I am get that dessert for sure!  For my entree I ordered their mac and cheese which you can't go wrong with.  I love that they now have a smaller less expensive portion of the mac and cheese which I still found to be quite a bit of food!  I've enjoyed drinks and other entrees at a Yard House back home in Northern California and I think it's safe to say that their food is consistently good from one location to the next.  I definitely enjoyed my meal here and our server made the experience that much better!
4	I really like this location. The bartenders are usually very attentive, specifically Kat. She really knows her stuff and seems to genuinely care about answering the questions correctly or going to find out more info.My friend is vegan and every time she asks a questions she seems to get varying answers, which is a little frustrating. But overall this place serves me just right I usually stop by here on my way home from work or before a night out. They have a great Happy Hour. Mon-Fri 3pm to 6pm, and Sun-Wed 10 to close. My favorites are the Fat Cat wine and Spicy Tuna roll, even if they ask me if I've ever had it EVERY TIME.Some other favorites are the Mac and Cheese, sans bacon. I know! I know, the horror!  Calamari is also pretty tasty, as well as the chicken appetizer with peanut sauce. I'll also often order a cup of clam chowder (with Tabasco, of course)I usually end up at the bar, but the patio is also nice. I rarely sit at a table, but keep in mind there always seems to be a wait.Also, I'm not much for deserts, but ordered this salted caramel butterscotch pudding desert once and it was amazing. I seriously could not stop eating it. Beware, it's addicting.
4	ate here for the first time. i a grilled cheese and tomato bisque....grilled cheese was to die for. the soup was salty but i dont salt my food too much so that is normal. would eat here again. server was very nice and attentive.
4	ok so i have been here many times, for lunch and dinner, in big groups and small and i have always had good food. But this time was even better, Tim was our waiter and he was quite efficient. They wanted to try some beers and he made suggestions and brought samples.  He was helpful with questions, kept our glasses full and brought the kids menu without us having to ask as we weren't seated with it.  better service led to better experience. SThe mac and cheese was a big hit, the adult and the kid version.  the roasted turkey melt was also a nice sandwich with a lot of flavor.  I got the spicy tuna roll and I always love it. it's my usual go to option there! Its not your typical roll, almost like a spicy tuna cake with edamame, avocado, and tuna mostly without any rice.  It also is one big roll. Yummy as usual.... Like the soups too and the lunch sandwich or pizza and soup option but wasn't in mood. The kids meal comes with a fruit pop and side too which is way too much with their portion sizes! Lol... we were all too full to try dessert but they sounded good too. lol.  another positive experience here, just go hungry as big portions and so many options! Definitely the go to place at town square....
1	So I can only hope the server(s) involved with our table read this because they'll be the only other people that truly understand this review. At the very least,read the last chunk of my review. Part of me feels bad but the other part wanted to let her know we were well aware she didn't care.We had a table of 4 for happy hour tonight; three of which were severs ourselves. We were started off with drinks by a male server,didn't catch his name but he had gauges I believe. Then Rachelle I believe her name was took over. Ordered our food,2 pizzas and a dip. The pizza came out wrong so we waited 15 minutes after the food had been dropped for our server to check and see how it was.she finally came and grabbed the pizza to be fixed. The entire experience we wondered why she wasn't involved in our tables as the rest of her section (didnt seem to be overwhelmed as she strolled about. They have drink AND food runners,so there's no excuse for neglect anyways). Either way,each time she touched the table she didn't ask how the food was,If we needed anything else,wanted another beer(s). At the end of our time there we asked for a doggie bag. After it took her another 10 minutes to wrap the food she came back to let us know the "reason it took her so long was that the chef had made her dessert in the back,and that she knew we weren't going to tip well anyways". Had 40$ for her on a 28$ tab but we waited at the bar to break the bill. Just to make a statement.
4	Killer happy hour here,beats any one else! Little pricey for the quality/service at regular price but great selection of beers. Me gusta!
4	Ate here tonight.Yard House provides excellent value for each dollar. I had the jambalaya (which was spicier that I've been I would have hoped) but each mouthful was *packed* with flavor.Daughter had the Mac N Cheese - very good and cheeeeeeeeesy.Wife had the Korean Short Rib taco - also excellent.Huge, massive beer list on tap.  Amazing.Dollar for dollar?  Well worth it.Ryan
4	Ate here for dinner. Great service and ambiance. The ahi tuna burger was kind of dry though. Deviled eggs were great. Lots of selections for everyone.
5	Lettus wraps were great, and pear and gargonzola flatbread was AWESOME, st louis style bbq pork ribs were large and in charge but good, really moist, not dry at all meat fell off the bone practically...  i found a new beer which is big for me since I dont drink lots of beer, but I will try them...  Petrus Ages Red... really good! Also Peroni (italian beer). The plethora of options you have with beer is endless and they carry international beers as well.  There is a screen dedicated to beers that scrolls all the specialty and in season beers, along with nice tvs and good music.
4	Had a fantastic lunch/dinner here during their Happy Hour.   We were immediately seated and greeted by our server Seth.    He was outstanding during our entire dining visit. We had a few questions about different menu items and he was very informative and helpful!  Plus he had a great quirky personality that makes him a great waiter!Since it was Happy Hour, they have many 1/2 price appetizers and deals on drinks.  We decided to split the Chicken Nachos and Bearnaise Sliders.   This was a fantastic deal as our nachos ended up only being about 5.50 and the sliders were around 6.50.  The chicken nachos were delivered on a huge plate!  This plate alone would have actually been enough for both of our stomachs to be filled.  They had a great combination of ingredients with plenty of chicken spread throughout the nachos.  Fabulous! The sliders came out with 4 on the plate and a side of shoestring fries. I didn't see that fries were included so that was a bonus.  Plus I love shoestring style french fries.  Yum.  The sliders were just ok.  I almost wish we ordered the classic style sliders.  Yes I did love the bearnaise sauce that accompanied the sliders on the side but the burger itself was very plain.  It still enjoyed them.  Their dining area itself is spacious and roomy.  There are plenty of seating inside and on their outdoor patio.  Everything was kept very clean and tidy! It doesn't hurt to see their keg room when you first walk in...  puts a smile on my husbands face!  It is a great place whether you are visiting or a local.
4	Great happy hour half price appetizers and $3.50 and up beers. Plenty of craft beers to choose from and great menu selection even for the pickiest of eaters. Friendly staff and casual atmosphere.
4	The best selection of beers and good food.  How can you go wrong?  I credit YardHouse for my expanded view of beer.  It was here I first tasted Franziskaner, Mothership Wit, Weheinstephaner and others.  They have a good happy hour during the week and the appetizers are great... pizza, seared tuna, etc.  They also play good "oldies" for music as well.  Only knock is that they have games on TV but no sound to the games.  Not the best place to watch a game if that's what your into.
1	Bad Food. But good beer selection.
1	Ok so I'm actually a big fan of this place; great happy hour and food is mostly good. So we won a visa giftcard of $100 and decided to celebrate at this yardhouse earlier...everything from the food, drinks, and service was going great until the bill came of $160. Ok so we explained to the waitress to charge $100 on the card and the rest will just be cash of $80 which the change would be her tip...she comes back to us saying the card wouldn't go through because ''giftcards like this takes out a percentage,'' so she claimed she tried swiping $95, $90, $85, and finally the amount of $80 went through. She also said it took out an extra $12 as the ''percentage that goes to the back to the bank.'' we made sure to ask if that $12 goes to her and she said "NO." ok nothing seems to make sense, so I called customer service and they told us that the reason why the amount didn't go through BECAUSE they charged the amount of $115, $113, $110 (so obviously it wouldn't go through BECAUSE the card only contains $100!!!) and that extra $12 was charged as a gratuity for the restaurant, it doesn't go back to the bank merchant...So this waitress PRETTY MUCH LIED to our face not realizing we won't call the customer service of the card!!! They obviously keep track of every single swipe and was able to tell us what amount they charged us. She purposely charged more than $100 into making us think that it won't go through and charged that extra $12 for tip but lying that it doesn't go to her so we can give her more money...that is just plain SHADY! are u freaking kidding me? Why would she lie like that? Has other waiters here done this as their way to pocket more tips? It's not about the amount that gets me, it's this dishonesty that really boggles my mind! It was such a disappointment because she was accommodating but forget that when you're dishonest! Normally patrons would have made a fuss over this but I'm not like that, we just left but I would like to talk to a manager about this tomorrow because that's just wrong. We were willing to give her 25% tip but we're not as stupid as she thought we were so we left. She still got that $12 though so whatever.
4	great beer selection!! Would of gave 5 starts but had to wait almost an hour to be seated ...but drank beer while waiting
5	Was just here for my birthday and the Surf and Turf burger was amazing as always. I don't get the fried Calamari anymore because it has the tentacles and I don't like them. But the one thing I love about the yard house is if you try to be adventurous and you don't like the item you ordered they will either take it off your bill or try to please you with something else. My Fiance love the eclipse because they are split.
4	Just like their other locations the Happy Hour (3-6pm) is great & well worth checking out.  You get $1 off beers and select half price appetizers.We had the firecracker wings and the turkey burger sliders - both were very good.We shared the salted caramel (or it might be butterscotch) dessert which was also great.Can't wait for my next visit to a Yard House & continue to wish they would open a location in NM.
5	Great service. Good beer. Good food and apps. What more could you ask for. It's so fun to people watch here on the weekends as a local. You get a lot of large girl group parties , prom type outfits, slut wear, and casual people mix. I could drink, eat and watch people here all day... Maybe I'll even apply for a job :)
3	I used to love this place when it first opened in 2009, but the last few times I have gone in 2013 the food has taken a turn for the worst.  The food is smaller and not cooked correctly.  The beer selection is still very amazing but the food used to be the reason to go, now it's not worth it unless you already happen to be in town square.
4	Great place to come with friends and dates!The atmosphere is very laid back and comfortable.  Its okay for family as well during the day, the menu offers a lot, even for kids.Service was fast and attentive, and easy to talk to. Very helpful in suggesting things, and just adding on to the dining experience.They have plenty of seating options and a bar, as well as a amazing and vast beer selection, give it a go when you come!;)Menu had a little bit of everything from american food to Asian food, lots of fusion dishes, and its never...should I say, typical! There's always a nice twist to the food they have here. Portions are very decent and "share-able". They have a happy hour too, which you should check out if your a night owl.I will definitely be coming back :)!
4	I won't lie. I had the lowest expectations of Yard House after having been to so many lackluster ones. Luckily for Vegas, this one is a winner, winner. Now all I'm missing is a chicken dinner.But there's a lot more to be had. Like all Yard House menus, the variety spans from Americana to Asian in one giant menu. It's like Cheesecake Factory, but pricier and vastly higher quality. If there is a place to enjoy a killer selection of beer, while ordering everything from Hawaiian Poke to Korean Kalbi to Shrimp Ceviche, let it be here.As a venue, this Yard House is stacked. A robust wait staff, plenty of seating all around, with TVs lining the ceilings and corners and game audio for a crowded Monday Night Football viewing. Who ever said this side of Vegas (Town Square) was boring? Certainly not I.My hungry and tired of group of frenzy eaters ordered a plethora of random stuff, just as their menu intended:Chicken Lettuce Wraps ($12)Kung Pao Calamari ($11)Seared Ahi Sashimi ($14)Boneless Wings ($13)Hawaiian Poke Stack ($14)Turkey Club ($11)Spicy Tuna Roll ($13)All in all, everything was decent. The chicken lettuce wraps were fresh, tasty, and abundant. Wasn't the biggest fan of the kung pao calamari, but folks looking for a different take on fried squid ought to try it once. While the turkey club, boneless wings, and spicy tuna roll (which looked like mofongo!) were somewhere in the middle, the seared ahi and poke stack were the surprising winners of the night. Extra surprising that it tasted like fresh fish all while in the middle of the desert? Most definitely.While I'm not one to frequent chains, I can see myself coming back to this Yard House with beer loving, sports seeking, hungry, good company. Lastly, it's a solid spot that is  within 2 minutes away from McCarran International Airport.
1	Bad service, topped off with a super sketchy sales transaction! Came in with a girlfriend had a few apps and one drink each. Had to remind our server about a missing appetizer. Never checked on us or followed up on drinks, by the time he came around we weren't thirsty anymore.Fast forward to the sales transaction....server acknowledged two credit cards and repeated to us that he was going to split the check. Server comes back with only one credit card to which the entire check was charged. After minutes of flagging down our server we told him that only one card was charged and one card was missing he quickly took the check back and walked back to the registers. Minutes pass and he returns again now with both cards with split checks and said that the missing card was declined so that's why he didn't bring it back the first time. Dumbfounded, we then brought to his attention that one card was now charged twice (I verified through my online bank app) and his explanation for the other card missing for five minutes during the transaction is extremely suspicious and made no sense. We demanded to speak to a manager and the manager cited that it was busy and there was just a mix up on the registers. To add insult to injury he then tried to diffuse the situation/appease us by offering $5 gift cards! Wow! What we wanted was an explanation for the missing card and a guarantee that we wouldn't get charged three, four, five times for bad service. We walked away with his business card, which we had to ask for and an insincere apology from our server. Be sure to dine here if you want subpar service or want to be scammed!Note: I had to give them a star to continue with this post!
5	Great local spot in Town Square with great food and beer. Love the Calamari and Spicy Thai Chicken Pizza. My girl is a vegetarian and loves the Gardein Buffalo Wings (made with soy). They actually taste like real meat!Huge beer selection as well. My favorite is the Petrus Aged Red Ale.......bomb.
4	Never a wrong stop for beer and food.
4	Yard House is by far my all time chain restaurant. How can you not love a place with a selection of pizzas, pastas, seafood, burgers, vegan, and gluten free!?! Wait did I mention they also have sushi!?? The first time I went here I looked at my boyfriend and said, "WHY HAVE WE NOT ATE HERE BEFORE?" He was as confused as me. However in the past 2 years I would say we have had our fair share of this place. We have gone just us, we have taken my mom, and also taken the kids for a family event. A couple of my favorite dishes include the Jambalaya, the garlic noodles, and the spicy tuna roll. The jambalaya actually has a spice! I hate it when places skimp out on dishes that are suppose to burn a little. The sushi rolls come as one big roll. A layer of rice, then a layer of fish, wasabi, tempura etc. The presentation is so nice you don't want to eat it. My biggest issue when dining here is not getting a soup, salad, appetizer, main entree, and dessert. I suggest going with someone you don't ming sharing with because you will want to try theirs too! The recently added a salted carmel butterscotch pudding. Oh man, just put all my favs in one cup and serve it to me why don'tchya? Decent prices, good service, open late, caters to parties small and large. How a good chain should be!
5	Best ever got here at 10pm hot food good drinks and best service I could ask for....I almost cried well almost. ...my server celal was very pleasant and  sure did a great job A plus for making my night out well worth it
4	HDTV IN EVERY DIRECTIONNear perfect venue to watch my favorite NFL & NBA teams play for their rings along with excellent wait staff service and great variety of quality foods. For those who drink beer, it's like beer heaven with their own brews and an unthinkable number of bottled and tap selections.Wait staff is most engaging and they know that you're there to watch a game that may take hours to finish.  They know not to interrupt during critical times and basically will stop by to check on you during commercials.This time we just shared a full size Ahi Crispy Salad with vinaigrette dressing and French Fries with Truffle Oil plus ice cream for dessert. The team I'm rooting for wins and now I'm off to check out the Foodie Festival at the Silverton.Comparing my Scottsdale Yard House experience to here, I would say this waif staff has the edge by a half point.
3	I went here after an event last weekend. The service was friendly and the food was plentiful. I gave it three stars, because there's nothing exciting to rave. I'll go back again the next time I am in Town Square, since it's consistently delivers.
5	Exceptional menu. Exceptional food (fantastic onion soup) from entree to sides to sliders; the beer list is extraordinary and a great staff! You should not be disappointed.
4	Yard house is a great place to eat and watch sports. Incredible atmosphere and excellent service. The beer selection is phenomenal and the bartenders really know their beers. The appetizers are excellent. Highly recommended if you're looking for great food and sports fans.
5	I have amina lets see....ok so we got rob not bad he did a good job it started off bad no silverwares on the table when the food came out...but rob stepped in an handle it...loved my food can't say the same for my friends oh well
5	Awesome music, food and drinks. The atmosphere is awesome and the staff is great . A great place to hang out and chill with family and friends.
1	After hearing rave reviews from coworkers me and a couple friends finally went on 11-1-2013. We got there at 8pm and sat outside. The waitress took our drink and appetizer order while we waited for our friend. She delivered the drinks and appetizers yet there were no plates nor silverware and napkins on the table. She then turned us over to another waiter who scrambled to get proper settings.The calamari was over cooked ( dark brown and crunchy ).  The main course came; surf and turf.  Lets start with the lobster sauteed in garlic butter; dried out piece of rubber that once looked like a piece of lobster. Hamburger, medium rare was more like medium sawdust burger. Little flavor with zero juices.  The one stalk of asparagus was okay. The fries were somewhat good. I don't know where they hid the bearnaise sauce but it wasn't on our plates.  All that said 3 of us was  $ 130.00 of  utter slop.  Save your cash for someplace that actually knows how to cook food.
5	I came here for the KC Twins. It's the first night of them running karaoke here on Tuesday nights, and I will be here every night that they are here. Best karaoke hosts of all time!!! Half price drinks for guys, and free drinks for the Ladies drink free until midnight.
4	Great food,  great service,  and an incredibly extensive beer menu... 6 pages of beer?!?!  No wonder happy hour is so popular here.  It does get quite crowded on Friday and Saturday nights,  but is some-what low key during lunch hours any day of the week.  It's also a great place to stop in and catch a game on one of their many tv's.
4	Well the food is pretty great for bar food, the menu is extensive. The beers? Incredible. I never know what to order for beer and the waitress always makes an incredible reccomendation. The fact that you can't make reservations on weekends really makes me mad though. I had a party of 15 and they couldn't do anything for me on a Friday night when I called the day before. Really? Seems a little rediculous.
3	Kinda bummed this trip. Shoulda stuck to my usual favorite of the Mac n cheese or grilled cheese sandwich and tomato bisque. Tried their lobster garlic noodles. You'd think with a dish called lobster garlic there'd be garlic flavor right? It was very bland, dry and salty. Not much going on for such an intriguing dish. Glad I had my favorite appetizer (chicken lettuce wraps) and a cup of the tomato bisque or it would have been a total bust. Since my guy and I split everything we saved room for dessert. Ordered the baked brownie with a scoop of caramel ice cream. It says that it takes 15 minutes to bake and come out. Ours was about 25. Think our waitress forgot about it along with our drink refills. Normally I'd rate yard house higher and be very happy. I guess the moral of the story is stick to what you know you like.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!Our server Aaron was terrific!  He informed us of their Monday night football happy hour, which was the best happy hour menu I've EVER seen! We got 3 HUGE appetizers and a pizza for $30!! The service was over the top, my pineapple mojito was so good I got two! The place was clean and inviting! This is my new monday night football spot, we will be bringing our friends next week! Worth your time and money!
4	Love yard house! Went for happy hour yesterday and filled my belly until I burst and still took home leftovers. Happy hour is 3-6pm mon-fri half price apps, discounted beer and wine. Thai chicken pizza is the bomb. I get that and the garlic noodles every time. The sliders are great too! My girl friend and I walked in and we sat right away. Service was prompt and the food was served quickly. Gourmet apps at great prices! I usually go here once a month.
5	Pop quiz: how sad is it that eating at this Yard House was one of my most anticipated moments before getting on the plane and heading out to Las Vegas for a few days? Gambling, glitz, girls and other words that start with "G" are all fine and dandy, but sometimes a guy just wants to down a few beers, chomp on some outstanding food and unwind in a place where not everyone is a raging tourist carrying an over-sized plastic drink that is watered down and reeks of desperation. This is that place.My folks and I actually made it over here before they opened on a Monday morning and people were already lined up at 10:50 a.m. That's cool, right? This place clearly has a faithful audience, as evidenced by this review. And once those doors opened, shoot: it's like the customers in line thought the first 10 people in the door got a free unicorn that performs karaoke exclusively to hair metal songs. They rushed the door with a fervent desire to be first in and we just sort of meandered in after them. It's a big place with plenty of seats - there's no point in scrambling over each other to be the first one in. There's a lengthy patio, a surrounded bar and more seating than the average bar would know what to do with.A hostess guided us to a booth opposite a table of nine individuals who exemplified the "money cannot buy class" rule. We overheard them tell the waitress they had to be out of there to catch a movie so right away you could tell this had potential to be the table from Hell. We already felt for this gal and then we realized she was waiting on us, too! Let it be known that Tasha, our waitress, got the MVP award for eternity during this shift because when the place opened, it appeared she got triple sat right out of the gate. Now I'm not an expert in the service industry but I know how hard it is to recover from a hand dealt like that in the opening minutes. We assured her we were in no rush, mostly because we weren't, and partly because we did not want to witness a breakdown on the floor. To her credit, she kept her cool and was efficient as she was sassy.Speaking of keeping cool, you might want to psych yourself up before eating here because the menu is positively Dickensian with its verbiage. Six pages of beer alone?! No, you have not died and gone to Heaven; you just happened to wander into a place thriving with variety. Being that we stopped in for lunch, we stuck with sandwiches and the must-have lunch combo: a cup of soup and half a sandwich/pizza. Mom's chicken avocado sandwich was polished off with ease, Dad's... whatever Dad ate, was equally delicious, and my tortilla soup and pepperoni pizza were wolfed down in a shameful display almost as noticeable as my preference for hopping around the beer menu: Big Sky Moose Drool can totally give way to Kronenbourg 1664 if you try.And through it all Tasha managed the suffocating requests of her demanding table, a performance that would go unnoticed if you were not paying attention given that everyone working here is a study in quick service and attentiveness. Food runners actually running food? Hostesses navigating the dining room with purpose? Bartenders keeping their orders flowing? You'd better believe it. We did not see a manager but I am assuming one was on duty, probably sitting in the rafters like Batman/woman, waiting to pounce when the need makes itself known.There was one last bit of unfinished business: dessert. I'll just say this now: order the s'more brownie item. It will change your life. As the owner and operator of a beard and mustache, it almost made me consider shaving them off due to me realizing hot marshmallow embedded into my hair is not the most glamorous feeling. But wow if that was not the best way to go into a sugar coma that I have had the pleasure of eating in quite a while.Yes, Yard House is a chain and yes, you know what you're getting by eating at one. But this one in particular has service and set up down to an art form. More TVs than you could ever watch? Extensive seating? A prime location away from most of the touristy things? Absolutely. And believe the hype, too - until the owners build one of these in Dallas, TX (hint, hint), it will remain a "must-go" destination for any upcoming Las Vegas trips. Who am I kidding? Even after they build one in Dallas, TX (nudge, nudge), I'll still be stopping here.
5	I love Yard House. No matter what I order it is always great. I usually go to the one in san diego. But I was in vegas with my family. It was 13 of us so I took them to Ellis Island Casino and restaurant for cheap food, but they couldn't take our group. The manager giving us all kinds of excuses. So I called Yard house to see what they can do they said no problem. Food was great as usual It was a little hard to find in the huge out door shopping area but we go there, and it was great. Would definitely recommend to any one. Especially beer lovers, they have many beers on tap. I love the big beer section in the menu.
2	Pretty disgusted with the service I received here this past weekend. We came for a friend's birthday and about half our group arrived 20 minutes before the other half so the waiter took our drink orders until the others arrived. About 4 out of the 8 ordered drinks and it took him 30 minutes to finally return with 4 beers - this is no exaggeration. Once the other half arrived he got them their drinks and then we didn't see him for a long while and had to flag him down to order our food. Luckily the food was fast, but that's because our waiter had no part in that. He never once came over to check on us as see if we needed anything else like drink refills or ask if the food was ok. The busboys cleared off our table when we were done and once again we sat and sat and sat waiting for our waiter to come over and bring the check. Once he was done flirting with a group of girls at the next table over he finally stopped by to ask if we wanted the check. After that it took another 20 minutes to finally get the check. I understand we were a large group of people, but it was a Thursday night and it was not at all busy. And I'm sure he had it in the back of his head that he was getting his 18% auto gratuity due to the group, but he could have made a lot more if he stopped by to get people more drinks. The food however was good and everyone was happy with their selections. I just can't give this place more than 2 stars because of the horrible service.
4	Great selection of beers and good pub grub.  Only wish I lived closer.
5	OMG...what a amazine place and AMAZINE DEAL they have at HH.... even ahi tuna is at happy hour.... which is perfectly seared..and the pizza,and the wings(asked for plain with no sauce,came out perfect and golden color...way better then buffalo wild wings),and the ONION RING TOWER....makes me hungry just by talking about it....imma go there now...and our server jennifer had been really helpful
4	Came here with the group of 18 for lunch after watching our friends proposal. It took about 20 mins to free up seating for our group which was to be expected. After getting seated we were met with our waitress which she took our drink orders and shortly after our meal orders. I ordered the surf and turf burger medium. Burger was great, patty was grilled just as I ordered and the lobster was plentiful. Not big on shoestring french fries because I'm a man of portion size but it didn't take away from the meal itself. Probably my favorite burger I've had there so far. Will be back soon
2	This place is good, however overrated.Very expensive if it's not happy hour,Crowded and quite slow service, it's good food and you probably won't be disappointed but there are a lot of places for the same price where you will have a larger selection of food and a more relaxing experience... If your at town square try Brios, if your at red rock hotel try Lucilles smokehouse. The yard house needs to lower their prices , they think they are the only good food joint in town. They better be careful, this is Las Vegas not Grand Rapids, MI... There is serious competition here,I predict the redrock Yardhouse will start to lose biz because of the new Lucille's ,Only thing that will save them is to offerMore specials. Another thing is their bartenders are typicalPunks, and me as a local do not feel welcome there, I feel like just another touristic foreigner. I won't go back,This place is for tourists whom don't care About the costGoto Lucille's, amazing all around, stop supporting overpriced mediocre restaurants like the Yardhouse
1	Travel throughout the Western US and regularly stop at Yard House in Pasadena. Great place. So, traveling with family and friends to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving weekend. Took 4 others with me to try this one in LV out. Top five (or bottom) worst experiences in my 25 years of travel. Hostess took us to table - and we waited for 20 minutes before I went back up and asked if we were going to get a server. Another 10 go by and some kid flew by saying he would be back. More time passes and now another guy stops to acknowledge our presence. Takes our drink and food orders. Another half hour passes. Food shows up, kid is trying hard but no drinks. We start to eat and just as we are about done drinks show up. Beers warm, wrong cocktail. The waiter is falling all over himself apologizing for the poor service and he says he made the manager aware of the troubles 45 minutes earlier. This manager just sat at the bar watching football and occasionally give us a glare. Guess we were intruding. As we leave he stands up and says "see you next time". Well pal, there will never be another next time you fool. And you are no manager. Don't know his name but was on duty at 1:00 to 3:00 on Wednesday Nov. 27th, 2013. He isn't qualified to wash dishes. Food was good, so no complaint about the chef. Would have liked a couple of beer but couldn't afford another two hours of our time to get one. This place is overall a joke considering the pricing and I would strongly suggest to anyone who reads this to avoid it at all costs.
5	Love coming here. Our server tonight, Janelle was kind, knowledge and attentive! It was refreshing to see the management team helping wherever needed to make sure the shift ran smoothly!
1	Terrible Service all the way around.  While dining there a few weeks ago I was completely shocked at how bad the service was. At first they messed up our drink orders.. we shrugged it off.. no big deal.. Then they bring half the table their food and just never came back with the other half. After having to get up to find a manager we still had to wait 15-20 minutes for it. Then they bring out the completely wrong food.. So we send it back.. then another 20 minutes goes by and the first half of the table is done and ready to go.. Then finally they bring out the food. Two of which items were burgers that were ordered medium rare and came out burnt.. To make matters worse the server never came back for drink refills and we eventually had to find someone to do that for us as well. It was embarrassing especially since I made the recommendation to go there (having been there only one time before just to drink)  Just about everyone at the table who was a first timer said they would never be back, and I dont blame them.
4	Good burgers, cold Beer!  Awesome time and the service was good too!The only thing missing, REDDS Apple Ale!
5	We love Yard House but made me write my first review for them was Kurtis our server.  He was awesome in every way...  He made great menu suggestions and was quick and attentive. we will for sure come back and ask to be sat in his section.   Thx Kurtis for great service!
5	I've been to this Yardhouse location a few of times on dates and it is without a doubt my favorite. They have the best selection of beers, which flow through all the pipes you see on the ceiling.The Belgian sampler in particular was fun to try and share with each other as we compared which flavors we liked best (my favorite was Blanche de Bruxelles!). The rib eye with string beans and mashed potatoes was perfect & satisfying. We had Ben as out waiter and he was really attentive and nice. Keep in mind that the place does get busy, and there's typically a wait time, but it's worth it.
4	Great food and drinks! Loved the Hawaiian Mule, and the bartender was so friendly! Only downfall is the cell phone reception is horrible. We did wait 15 minutes past our reservation (call ahead time). Overall, I had a nice time with guests who we're visiting.
5	This particular review is years in the making. I've enjoyed this establishment's offerings many times and will probably continue to do so for a long time. I don't like to proclaim myself a beer connoisseur for two reasons: I don't know THAT much about beer and I dont particularly like the term or label. With that being said, this is a great spot for a fan of beer, such as myself. Whether you like all types of beers or not, its pleasant to have the option just incase your preferences change over time (as most of ours do). The menu is fantastic. I only order "vegan" as of late but I've never had a bad meal. The "rotating" draft beer board keeps the extensive beer menu fresh for those who are regular visitors. Out of the twenty or so times if been here, I've only recieved bad service once.
5	Great food and great service! Steak and shrimp was really good and totally worth the price. We went for my friends birthday and she got the cutest plate with an awesome dish of peach cobbler. Me and my friends will definitely be back.
4	I haven't had a bad experience at either of the yard house locations I've been at. The service is good, the food is great and the atmosphere is decent. They have good deals on the lunch specials if you dont mind going there during the week. I will admit, however, that I've only tried tree things on the menu. The Mac and cheese2 is my favorite. Don't let the name fool you, it's more of a carbanara of sorts than Mac and cheese.
3	4 stars for the beer choice and 2 stars for the food. Beer are overpriced so it's only worth going there for  happy hour, so I prefer late night. Food is one of worst you can get. It's a big menu but very few items are edible. Usually 80% of the time it comes cold and 50% of time improperly cooked. I do like their jambalaya when it's cooked ok and their buffalo boneless wing when they are not overcooked. I used to go there once a week but the raw shrimps on the jambalaya made it become once every 3 months, that was the last drop and we make sure we eat before we go there
4	Came here for happy hour with some friends and was not disappointed!I ordered the Hawaiian Poke Stack which consisted of shredded carrots and ginger, piled onto the poke which was stacked on top of crispy wontons with a side of sliced avocados. It was very delicious but I still prefer the tradition ahi poke with the bits of nori and chopped onions. The portion was kind of small especially for $13! But thank God it was happy hour. My friend ordered the chicken nachos which is more than enough for 1 person. You need like 3 people to help you finish it. The nachos were very crispy and warm and loaded with cheese, tomatoes, beans, salsa and guacamole on the side. We didn't even finish the whole thing, that's how big it was. Overall the atmosphere is great, service is great and the food is great. They also have a huge selection of beer :) this is definitely a good get-together spot.
3	Verdict: Great Happy Hour, but don't come specifically for the food. Come here during Happy Hour with a group of friends and/or family, grab a brewski and some well drinks and it's a guaranteed good time! Other than that--food is decent, more salty than not and comes out a little slow. In my opinion:DO - Get a little tipsy and stumble your way over to one of the other food joints located around Town Square. NOT - Eat here, if you can help it.
5	The organic tomato bisque with grilled cheese is excellent.  I get it every single visit.  5/5The street tacos are very good and worth recommending. 5/5The grilled artichoke is another favorite 5/5I love the outdoor area for dining at this location.
2	Food is usually good. It is loud, get a booth if you can so you can hear the person you are with. Don't depend on much service and you will be happy. It is a bar like atmosphere, lots of TVs, the games are on, people are yelling, kids are yelling, don't plan on going there to chill out and all is good. Tried this place for a second time on Saturday again got a table next to a screaming kid. When they cleared the table the they flung food at us.  I am not sure if they just employ young people that just don't care or if the noise is so loud it makes them all crazy. I was so stressed out from the noise I put on my headset and listened to music....Never again!!
4	Love the food amazing for being as vegan as I can be amazing place to dine in on a date with options for us. Our order has come our a few times with seafood in it but we look past it for the amazing staff and management willing to correct it. As well as more than happy to serve us. When ever our order has been wrong we still paid full price we weren't looking for a freebie just simply a correction in the kitchen and it was made. Great drinks, food, and staff, will always return.
3	Food was OK, but not outstanding.  This review is more on the negative side due to the expectations of a  "gluten free menu" and lack of delivery.  We had a guest in town with a gluten allergy and found that they advertise a GF menu. Excited to find some place to take our guests, the menu and excitement quickly faded. Their GF menu lists a burger (and sandwiches), but it wasn't really a burger. It was just the patty with a side of lettuce, tomatoes, onion and pickle. That's not a burger, then fries were not an option (oil is used to cook battered onion rings, chicken, etc). So burger and fries, became a patty and salad. Why bother with a special GF menu? You can order the same way off the regular menu, by skipping the fries and say no bun. Other non-GF plates ordered were pretty basic. Wouldn't go out of my way to go back here, especially if our food allergy guest comes back. If you have a gluten allergy, skip this place and go to the Chesesecake Factory in Henderson and get a real burger with the bun and fries...all GF.
5	How have I not reviewed Yard House yet?! It's been a while since I've eaten here (usually we just come for beer) so we decided to stop by yesterday for happy hour, which is Mon thru Fri 3 to 6 PM. Happy hour features half priced appetizers, $2 off glasses of wine, and $4-5 beer. Since I never know what kind of beer to get, I looked at the menu until something sounded good...Ok, I'll have a Spaten Oktoberfest...isn't this beer only seasonal though? We ordered some appetizers to share: onion ring tower, spicy tuna roll, bernaise sliders w/ fries, and chicken lettuce wraps. Our favorite were the lettuce wraps, where the chicken was perfectly cooked and the sauces provided went well with it, especially the sweet and sour that had a little kick to it. The onion rings were a little over cooked and brown/over crispy but were still ok, especially when dipped in ranch. The sliders are always delicious, topped with fried onion strings and 1 of my favorite items on their menu. I didn't have the spicy tuna roll since I don't eat fish so I can't comment on that dish.Yard House is one of my favorite places to grab a drink or hang with friends, especially this one since it's located right in Town Square and near the movie theater, making it a good place to drink before catching a movie. They also have a large number of TVs, so it's a good place to catch a game although I'm never on this side of town on football Sundays...They also have plenty of patio seating which is perfect on those spring and summer nights
5	This place has an excellent happy hour!  My boyfriend and I have been here a few different times but not on the night happy hour and let me say it was well worth coming.  Late night snacks are my favorite and the yard house hit the spot for that!
3	NOT the best place for vegans despite their Gardein products.
4	4 stars for the food, 3 for the service. It just depends if that server is having a good day or not, but the service is either bad or great. Chicken and bacon mac and cheese is incredible and whether it's the bernaise sliders or burger, you won't be disappointed by what you get from any of the food.
3	Came in to eat for my birthday. We sat at the bar & the bartenders were nice & greeted me happy birthday. Although we had a miscommunication about beer, it wasn't a big deal because she handled it. The food is always on point. I never have complaints. I was just a little disappointed because I didn't get a birthday dessert or anything. It's okay, no big deal I guess..Probably should've went to another place if I wanted to feel a little special for my birthday hah. But if you do go, try their garlic shrimp & lobster noodles! It's really tasty!
5	Have you never been. Enough said, get here for diner, dessert, BEER! ANYTHING.
4	It's a hit or miss. I love this place for happy hour. If I had to come during non happy hour times I'm sure I would have to do dishes or bus a few tables. It's a cool hang out spot if you're trying to get a few drinks or some pretty good snacks. I haven't really explored the menu because I'm always there for happy hour. The half off appetizers are great! There's a lot of seafood options(ahi poke stack,fried calamari,etc) I got the spinach dip last night. The pita bread was a bit hard and the dip was a little burnt. The service is what is really hit or miss. We usually sit at the bar and have the same server every week but it seemed he was every where today. Be that as a tip, it gets packed. If you're in town square this is probably one of the better happy hours to hit up!Enjoy.
4	I went back and tried something I wouldn't normally get on the menu (Turkey Burger).  I must say it is the tastiest turkey burger I've had to date!  I look forward to trying other items on the menu now that I've gotten more direction from fellow Yelpers!
3	Usually very happy with yard house but could tell that my server was overwhelmed which is completely understood. I ask for the sweet potatoes fries to come out before our meal and it came out with the main meal and felt like the main order was never going to come out. I was disappointed that he not once checked on us to see if we were happy with everything. The food was delicious but the service was not so good.
5	My place to go at Town Square. Got this essentials ahi poke stack and the chicken lettuce wraps. Kung pao calamari with jasmine rice is too die for! I love their selection of beers. Gulden Draak is one of my favorite beers. Staff is on point. Yard House is one of the best joints in town!
4	Great HH specials.  Kool vibe and good service, off the strip.  Not as many tourists more regulars and is a great option for something more reasonably priced.Great tv's and plenty of beer options and delicious appetizers.Def worth checking out, esp during HH.
5	This is probably the best restaurant at town square in $$ range for food and drinks. I love going to this place, because its located right across from the movie theater. My friends and I usually go here for a movie and dinner night. Food is amazing at this location. I am a big fan of chicken nahos, its just loaded with chicken, guac, beans, etc. Its a great starter for a big group. Hungry folks will devour it immediately. If you are going there with just another person, than don't get it. Its too big for both, and you can't take it home cause it will get soggy. My favorite are their ahi sliders. They are just delicious. The fish is fresh and its hint of citrus. Its a must have for anyone who's trying to eat healthy.   They also have awesome beer selection, it could be bit more pricy than other local places, but the variety negates the higher price on beers. Overall, if you are hungry and if you are anywhere near town square than go here. On weekends, if does get really busy so if you have a big party than you might end up waiting for 15-30 minutes. I am not sure if you can reserve ahead of time.
5	The food was amazing! Our server, brandy was out standing! Leo, the manager on duty, was very attentive and quite helpful in helping us choose a menu item. I highly recommend this place! You will not be disappointed!
5	I love this Yardhouse. Every meal I have here is top notch. I've ordered multiple things on the menu and never been disappointed. If you want a good meal and a couple of great draft beers- this is the place!
4	The Yard House at Town Square is one of my favorite places for lunch or happy hour.  I like the large beer selection and all the menu items too.  My favorites are the double mac n cheese and the street tacos.  The burgers are very good too.  The staff is always awesome very friendly and take the time to really provide good customer service even though they are really busy.  I never feel rushed there.  It doesn't matter if its dining for two or twenty the service is always the same.  definitely a thumbs up in my book.
5	Great food,  cold beer and kudo's to YH for carrying Stevia sweetener for the ices tea.   The Organic Tomato Bisque is awesome.   Always great service and tv's everywhere.   Cool place.
5	This place has great service, atmosphere, drinks.... A great place to take a date :) Hint Hint guys. Women love this place. Get them a few house drinks and their panties will drop. The food is "ok". I've never really had anything award winning here but a must for a late night hang out.
4	Yard house is always a great place to go for good food and good drinks. They have a pretty awesome menu and they have a lot of options, from seared ahi tuna to BBQ ribs. And we can't forget about all the endless options of beer! I'm actually not a huge beer fan but they have like some 200 different types of beer to try. And they have a pretty good wine selection too. I do enjoy their cocktails. Most of them are on the sweet side though annnnnd could use a little more alcohol, I tend to like fruity-sour type of martinis. But nonetheless, I definitely go back for the food, their nice waiters and their awesome truffle fries. Mmmm...
4	My cup runneth over with beer. Yard House is to beer what Cheescake factory is to cheesecake. Sporting an impressive amount of beers on tap with a few rarities rotating in and out, Yard House is a beer lovers dream.Alongside their massive beer selection is a suprisingly delicious selection of food. Ranging from Korean BBQ to Jamaican Jerk. I have never tasted a dish I did not enjoy at Yard House. My personal favorite being their (Mac + Cheese)2. Take your typical mac n cheese, replace the elbow macaroni with some campanelle pasta, throw in some chicken, bacon, truffle oil, mushrooms, and breadcrumbs, and you have the makings one of the best mac n cheese dishes I've ever had.It can be a bit pricey at times and it is almost always busy (I've seriously never seen this place have a slow day), but good food and a great beer selection keep me coming back
5	One of the best happy hours! The beer selection the best that I've seen and tasted in Vegas! I eat not so healthy when I come here, but what goes great with beer? Nachos loaded with chicken! Their guac is good too.Service is okay. Sometimes slow, but not bad.Great place to try if you have the opportunity!
5	Great place ... We always have to come here at least twice a month we love it ... And the rib eye stake amazing
2	Okay our server was good but seriously my crab legs came with a rubber band in them.  Manager is a fucking idiot came to the table and it was like DOH!  Didn't offer anything not that I was looking but really the proper thing is to offer something.
3	Great selection of beers, nice ambiance, but a little cold inside and the bar seats are really uncomfortable. Also the food is not that great, mostly average. This place would be perfect if the food was a little closer to phenomenal and the bar seating actually comfortable. Too bad because the beer selection is awesome. Will return, but still searching for that one menu item that will leave me craving a return trip. Also, this place gets busy, especially around holidays or weekends. I recommend calling ahead to ask for the wait time and putting your party on the list before you arrive.
3	Good food. Ok service. They seem to be good at times, and lacking at others,but not consistently good at service. I have been here several times, and the food has been ok.
3	Went here today the food is just average, only thing i would not recommend? The street tacos. The steak was not seasoned at all and very dry. It was very chewy and fatty.  I ordered two steak tacos and pulled out every single piece of meat. The onion rings were good, but who messes up onion rings? Stick to a burger and fries at this place.
4	Consistent food, drink and service! Great go to spot. The only negative is their fried food is always cold. Great snack food and the Kung pow calamari is really good. Black Velvet is a staple drink as well. BBQ chicken salad is good....
5	Visiting Las Vegas from Houston, TX. Been to the Yard House in City Center many times one of my favorite places to drink craft brews.  The draft selection is Great & on point, food is pretty damn good, w/ tons of variety, all the meats & various vegetarian dishes. Imo food is tastier than a handful of casinos on the Vegas strip. Service is excellent @ the bar, very attentive, Managers were visible & involved w/ every guest.  Excellent location in the Quad courtyard next to O'Shea's.  I need to check out a few more craft beer spots on the Vegas Strip, but so far this one is the best.
5	This has always seemed to be a local favorite, with many locations around town I often eat at the location in town square. The menu is huge with many comfort and healthy options. They also have a huge variety of beer on tap. I like the chicken teriyaki bowl and the Mac and cheese is excellent also. You can't go wrong at yard house and I will be making many more visits in the near future.
2	***Disclaimer - REALLY long review in regards to late night Happy Hour not being honored on St. Patrick's DayCame to Yard House at Town Square to celebrate my birthday with my husband and I was very excited to order quite a bit of things on the menu, both food and drink.  However, I was VERY disappointed to find out that happy hour was not being honored.  My birthday is on St Patricks Day and the server informed me that there was no happy hour because it was a holiday.  I informed the server that it's not a national holiday and there happy hour policy on their menu does not state that holidays are not included.  We were not informed when we entered the restaurant that there was no happy hour.  We were also not informed when we were seated and our first orders were taken that there was no happy hour.  If my husband had not inquired if a certain beer was on the happy hour menu, I believe we would not have been informed that happy hour was not being honored.  My evening was ruined because there was no happy hour.  I did not want to order as many items as I would have liked because there was no happy hour.  My husband did not want to cause a scene that evening so I did not ask for a manager that night.  The food that we did order was good for the most part, but it wasn't great.  We ordered the spicy tuna and california roll.  The spicy tuna was good but the california roll's rice was hard and undercooked.  The hummus lacked flavor.  The only really good thing I ate was the jamaican jerk wings.  The next day I called other Yard House's in Las Vegas and the one at Red Rock informed me that they honor happy hour on holidays, it just depended on which holiday.  They said it was at the manager's discretion.  They said that they had happy hour but only from 3 p.m. - 6 p.m. and not the late night happy hour.  I also called Blue Martini, McFaddens, and Buffalo Wild Wings who said they had happy hour on St. Patricks Day.  I then called the Yard House at Town Square and asked to speak to a manager.  I spoke to Leo and he informed me that the policy for no happy hour came from corporate.  He informed me that customers were being informed at the door that there was no happy hour and I informed him that was not the case with us.  He explained there was nothing he could do for me because corporate sent that policy.  He informed me that no Yard House in the country had late night happy hour on St. Patrick's Day.  I asked him for the number to corporate and thanked the manager for his time.  I then called four other Yard Houses in the country and three out of the four said they had happy hour both early and late, even though it was St. Patrick's Day.  I contacted corporate and left a message since it was after hours.  I waited 2 days but heard nothing back.  I called corporate again on Friday, March 21 and spoke to customer service who researched the information for me.  He was first unaware of the policy so he said he would contact the Yard House in Town Square and give me a call back.  After calling back he informed me that there may have been some miscommunication and that he was new and that is why he may not have heard of the happy hour policy for St. Patrick's Day.  He asked if the manager at Yard House did anything for me and I informed him that he did not.  In the end, he said he would do more research and send me some gift certificates in the mail.  As of 3/28/14.  I have not received them but he did say they would take approximately 7-10 business days.All in all, I was just very disappointed with the way they went about the happy hour policy.  They should have made a sign out front or placed a note on the menu, or trained ALL STAFF to inform EVERYONE before they were seated.
4	The food here is good portions are just right. We would come here to try out the rest of the menu.
5	I had a really good experience at Yard House.My waiter was great as he seem to know how to check on his tables without bothering any one.I had the ribs and they were really good.
4	Lobster dip was great, burger were good , but no s'mores brownies all out.. Will be back again.
4	Service varies. I've found that the waiters that work The tables outside are More friendly. Jambalaya with jasmine rice and the macaroni and cheese (not your average mac and cheese; theirs has bacon chicken different cheeses and spices added to it to make it gourmet) are my two Faves. Timmermans strawberry beer is yummy. Or else I go for My usual blue moon with an orange.
5	Excellent beer selection and the food is great. I highly recommend this cool restaurant. The service was excellent.
5	Um, why have I not been here until now? I absolutely enjoyed everything about this restaurant.  The food was delicious service was good as well. The bathroom was very clean too. I will definitely be back!
5	Great food and I love the beer! The yard is the only way to go! The burger is awesome and staff is real nice but I can't wait to go back!
5	Yard house is amazing. The place has a very warm atmosphere every time I go.All the employees I have dealt with were very professional and friendly. Service is above satisfactory.With a big beer selection, you will definitely find the right beer for yourself, my favorite is the Rose Gaarden.Food is awesome, there isn't anything there that I have ordered that I didn't like. I recommend the seared ahi sashimi appetizer if you are like me and usually go for the drinks but still want to have a small lunch/dinner.
4	Great beer and even cocktails menus. Love Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat, Sam Adams Cherry Wheat or Ruby Red cocktail. Hard to pick a winner. I've heard the new beer cocktails are "weird" so haven't tried those.Service is usually good. The servers attitudes are sometimes better than the food runners. I've had plates slung at me...I laughed it off on all accounts, it's a tough job, I get it. They try to keep drinks filled, sometimes they succeed. Better at keeping the alcohol flowing than the water, if you get my drift aka $$. Some of my family's favorites are chicken fingers (kids menu), their fries, spicy tuna roll & California roll (two of my faves), seared ahi sashimi, Pastrami Sliders & the chicken lettuce wraps. Mac n Cheese is AMAZING, but I usually allow myself to order it once a year- it's so rich. Also, loved the Lobster Garlic Noodle; it's a special occasion dish, too! Any of their salads are good. The Gorgonzola dressing is great. Skip their pizzas. Check their HH special before you go.Overall, I am especially fond of the vibe, the layout/lighting & decor, and their great playlist. Service and food are good enough and the drinks are great!
4	Go for appetizers. We had the sliders and spinach dip with crispy flat bread. Will be back for dinner another time.
5	Great food. .. Great atmosphere... GreatMusic. .. And Most important Great service from Candice
4	The patio is great! We had an amazing waitress who did well with suggestions as it was our first time. The pear cider is delish!!
5	After trying some other places at town square this place never fails. Staff is always great and pros at their job. Food is fresh and is always delicious. The Kitchen's game is alway on! Kudos guys! Beer prices are a little steep for me even during happy hour I don't like paying $6 for a beer when a six pack at Lee's is $11. But overall great place. I always make it my go to stop at town square. Thanks y'all.
4	I go here all the time. Funny, because I always get this really nice girl named Blair as our waitress! She is very timely and very good at suggesting some awesome food! I love the beer selection! The reason I'm going back on a star is because it always takes forever for the food to come out. Overall really good experience (:
5	Great Happy Hour menu & prices! Great location, patio is nice when it's not too hot out & great place to people watch. Good for a medium size group of people if you want. Just don't like how the bartenders make the drink glasses all sticky! Not sure if they let the booze rundown the glass & don't wipe it off? Happened tonight & the last time I was here before. Turkey pot pie is delicious & HUGE. Great portion sizes!
2	We had eaten here a few times, and none of the food has ever been that good.  This time all  had no real flavor or taste.  My wife and I only ate half, and just left the other half.  Atmosphere was wonderful on the patio, however our waiter seemed like he did not want to be there.We sat down, and had 2 others join us a few minutes later.  We ordered our drinks first, and he brought the others, and never bothered to ask the other 2 if they wanted drinks.  Every time we wanted something, we had to ask, he was never around.When it came time for dessert, he just brought our checks.  We had to tell him we wanted dessert.  He was pleasant, just not a good waiter.It will be a long time before we return.
5	The beer and food were amazing! Had a slight problem with my food, but the manager was so amazing I am completely bought in to this place. Great atmosphere too!
4	Not only is the beer selection amazing, the food is actually pretty good too. I usually order the HUGE cali roll and save the rest that I can't finish for lunch the next day. The atmosphere is great and the bartenders are funny! This place is always a must-go when you're in Vegas.
4	Overwhelming selection of brewskis! Luckily the bartenders are very knowledgable and can recommend a beer to your taste! Food was delicious! My boyfriend and I ordered 4 appetizers/small plates and it filled us up quite nicely! We went with the wings (Caribbean jerk - traditional), truffle fries, garlic noodles and poke bowl - all amazing and would definitely recommend! Great for big groups! We had a party of 16...ordering and paying was a breeze! Our waiter kept the checks separate from the get-go and they were very attentive to make sure we got what we needed throughout our meal!
5	Consistently good quality of food.  Draft beer is cold and they always have my favorite on tap, Smithwick! !! Great for families,  large/small groups,  or a night out with friends.  I love this place.
5	Love this place, great beer selection, appetizers are as big as full meals and staff are friendly and attentive. Great place to stop after work. Happy hour could be a bit more generous but oh well.
3	It's an upper scale Applebees decent across the board. Been to the town square and red rock locations, both decent. It's not a bad choice, but not the best...
4	If you want a good beer selection you found it.  I like that they have the Moscow Mule made with house made ginger beer and 3 other Mule drinks I have to try next time.  Got the Mac 'n Cheese,  the jerk chicken penne and a half roast beef sandwich with a salad.  Everything tasted great.  The pasta good and had just enough spice to keep it interesting but not crazy.  The Mac was superb.  The sandwich and salad all were fresh and very good as well.
3	Yardhouse is where you go when your Americana family comes to visit and the wildest thing their tastebuds have encountered is ketchup. This restaurant is the middle ground. It's your safety choice. The food is OK. Sometimes your dish will be hot; sometimes it'll be on the warmer side.I suspect there's a correlation between the perceived quality of food and the amount of drinks imbibed.
1	this place blows.  management came to my table to blow smoke about the amount of head there should be on my beer. The Turkey pot pie had only 4 pieces of turkey in it and so much salt in it, it raised my blood pressure. frys were cold, scallops were the size of nickels. I have eaten here 3 times before and never had this bad service or food. I am VERY disappointed in the service and management that thinks every one just fell off turnip truck.  very sad Will stick with the LINQ location.  They seem to understand that if "you don't take care of the customer,  someone else will".
1	3 STRIKES and YOUR OUT ! 3 TIMES WE HAVE TRIED TO GIVE THEM A CHANCE TO REDEEM THEMSELVES AND THREE TIMES THEY HAVE PROVEN US WRONG! Dont cook food properly. Well done burger came out barely cooked on more than one occassion! $6.50 regular size draft beers. Long waits for food. The manager did comp the entire bill but we will NOT ever return. This was their last chance at redemption and they totally blew it we will not return.
5	I only go to YARDHOUSE for happy hour... and that's because I believe they have the best menu (including price, options & booze) in Vegas for happy hour! I love going here with a friend or even a big group! They have over 30 different types of beer on tab and an array of wines and other liquor. They are known for there yard sized drinks of your choice in a fun and hip glass! The ambiance is very relaxing and chill. Service is great and the bartenders are funny, too! Okay.. onto to the food that I've tried!Happy hour food:Hawaiian Poke Stack- Ahi tuna on top of friend wonton chips with avocado, ginger, carrots and their sauce.. amazing! must try! one of my favorite items on the HH menu.Fried calamari- I love calamari.. I love drizzling lemon juice on top and dipping it in the sauces. It tastes like every other fried calamari.. nothing special but still so good.Kung Pao calamari- came with rice on the side, Kung Pao sauce with the calamari and it was mixed with red bell peppers, carrots, and caramized walnuts. Very different, a little spicy, but very tasty!Bernaise sliders- you have an option to upgrade fries for a dollar! I upgraded my fries for truffle fries and they were amazing (I'm a sucker for truffle fries)! The sliders tasted like regular sliders.. nothing too special. I will definitely try other stuff next time!Chicken lettuce wraps- came with four different type of sauces and the chicken came inside a taco-shell like bowl. I love making wraps, but it was okay. The chicken was okay. Is it me or they never give enough lettuce? HeheheDrinks- Great selection for a cheap price!Overall, this place is fun for happy hour food, drinks and fun with friends! I wish the Linq had happy hour menu!
5	Great happy hour!! They have en entire Gardein section of their menu for vegetarians. Great food, great drinks and a great ambience. I love the one at Town Square. Will definitely return.
4	Country fried chicken And tortilla soup Are the business!!!! Time to walk it off here in town square
5	The food at the Yard House ranges from good to great, but the turkey burger is fucking fantastic.  No joke, the best burger of any kind I've ever eaten.  I keep going back, thinking it's a fluke, but it's not. Every time, it's fantastic, and the salad it comes with is surprisingly flavorful and light.  Also, having a keg room the size of my apartment is a bonus.  As a beer snob, this is the place to drink.  The turkey burger makes it the place to eat too.
1	Our lunch started off with the "hostess" who  barely acknowledged us. We were seated in the patio area. We  ordered our drinks and when they brought the drinks out spilled one on my daughter. The girl who spilled it brought out a  bar towel to wipe it up. I used my napkin on my glass and requested a new one. Our server took our orders. When I ordered (Mac and cheese)2 our server asked if I knew what truffle is. I responded that I do he said "and you like that?" in a condescending tone. Again yes, then he said "ok you'll you  like it then". After a long wait our entrees were brought out... No appetizers. When I inquired about our appetizers the girl rolled her eyes and left. Still waiting.... I asked for server. After a bit I saw the manager and called him over. He told me the server forgot to put in the order for the appetizers. That he would make sure entrees were remade. Finally we got food...it was good. The manager stopped by to check on us but we noticed he didn't stop by any other table. They did in the end comp the meal but no one ever apologized for our negative experience. As we were walking out the door the hostess yelled "have a good one"
5	I have been here 3 times in the past 9 months and the food is GREAT!  I actually work in Town Square and will definitely be coming back more often.  The first time I ate there I sat at the bar, ordered the lunch special Margherita pizza with a ceaser salad. It was GREAT!  The second time was last Saturday and I ordered The grilled shrimp and was Very disappointed at the small amount of food I got on the grilled shrimp plate (for 15.00) but it was very good.  I went back the next day, ordered Chicken nachos for 12.00 and the plate was HUGE. The food tasted very fresh and every bite was delectable!  Their beer selection is incredible and I can tell they clean their taps often.  The waiter experiences were good 2 out of 3 times.Its hard to find good food that tastes fresh in Vegas and this is my new addiction
3	Went here twice in a month. Both times food was great but the service wasn't so good. The first time the waiter was rude and didn't even acknowledge us for 20 minutes and then we paid the bill with a giftcard and he almost kept the giftcard! (it still had a balance on it.) we had to ask him for it back which we shouldn't have to do. Both times though it took forever for the food to come out. I ordered the lunch special (pizza and tomato bisque.) and both times half of the tomato bisque was spilled on my plate. I just think this yard house just needs to weave out there bad waiters and they will be fine!
5	I love coming here so much. I come about once a month just for the grilled cheese & tomato bisque. It's divine...Everyone is kind but not overly. I am here solo today but it's okay, the atmosphere & the bar is quite comfortable for a single patron.I haven't found a Yardhouse I don't love!
2	Came here a late night to get some food. Had the option to be seated right away but were told to wait 5 min to get a table outside. After 15 minutes we got a table which was fine, after all it was our own choice to do so. Menu is rigorous, prices are good and gives everyone a choice.The food was great, but the service was reeally slow... We probably waited 20 minutes to get our drinks and we got to switch waitress twice. One in the party ordered an app for main, but got it to the table pre main, so he ended up eating before us.Its a great concept, but lack of execution leaves much to say.
4	I have been to a few Yard House locations and I think they are pretty much the same. Service has always been fine. The food is good not great...I do however think their pizza is amazing and their Ahi poke appetizer and love their calamari.Their drinks are great! There is a huge variety of drinks, beer, and wine! They have a great happy hour from 3 to 6 and another that starts at 8. The prices aren't bad. They have TV's all along the bar area so you can watch sports if your into that.   Cool spot to chill with friends and family.
4	You gotta love Yard House!!!(or The Yard as I like to call it) me and the whole fam use to be regulars here atleast every 2 or 3 weeks, that was back when my mother-in-law and her boyfriend were together.They would always have us meet them at the Yard every other Friday and holidays(like you would pass up a free meal). We would always order the same thing, The happy hour specials. Its too many items to name but you can look it up and see what it is(Pizza, onion rings, sliders, poke, calamari, fries, etc). All of the items were very good and I would say the Bernaise sliders are my absolute favorite. Some would say they are pretty basic, which I agree, they are. But its the mild yogurt-based dipping sauce that they serve with it that gives me an O-Face everytime I take a bite. Im a slider expert and I dont know about yall, but I like my sliders basic(beef, cheese, onions). None of that foie gras, pork belly, cilantro leaves crap. Keep it simple stupid!! I would also always order the same drink, a St Bernardus 13(14% alcohol, yeah buddy!!!) Cant wait to go back, probably wont be for while since monster-in-law and her boy toy broke up. We'll see tho.
2	Food is amazing, service on the other hand is terrible. Our waiter Steven was extremely rude. Maybe we were just unlucky...
5	We left the sugar factory across the road because I knew that no matter what u order at the yard house the food is always fresh and delicious.Well just as expected we ordered off the happy hour menu, my favorite the poke bowl, chicken lettuce wraps and egg rolls.Our waiter nick, offered great service, and was attentive,  he always had a smile on his face no matter how many times we called him.The yard house is my favorite place to eat because you can be guaranteed you will get a good meal,  and great service,  I prefer this location at town square because the service definitely quicker, especially when one is hungry.It's also a great place to watch the games,  if you want to escape the heat,  inside dining is very cool....w
5	5 stars goes tooooo...HAPPY HOUR.My friends and I can't get enough of Yard House's happy hour. They serve delicious food and for a great price! Their servings are pretty big! I always go to happy hour with a group of friends and we all end up sharing everything at the table. Buffalo chicken wings- Yummy, tasty, and has a little kick! Served with celery sticks and ranch.Chicken lettuce wraps- Healthy and crunchy. They give you about 5 or 6 lettuce cups and three different sauces. So the flavor choice is all up to you!California roll- Don't be fooled by it being just "one" California roll, but it's HUGE. It's a jumbo California roll!Calamari- Crispy and cooked perfectly! Squeeze some lemons and dip it in the spicy tomato sauce and it is TO DIE FOR.Spinach dip- Delicious!! Comes with chips. And it's A LOT.Classic sliders- Comes with 4 mini sliders. They give you mustard and ketchup bottles. It comes with a pickle slice and fries. The fries are skinny, crispy, and leave you wanting more!Ahi poke- Though it could be a little bigger of a portion, it's really tasty.Onion tower- They stack a huge tower of onions, fresh to eat!I've been coming to Yard House forever now and they always have great service and good quality food for their prices.
5	We came back due to having a gift card from the last time we were there...huge thank you to the manager for giving us a second try, or vice versa! We had great service this time. Wonderful service. The waiter Trey gave us several suggestions and never seemed annoyed with all of our questions and never rushed us on ordering. When he went on break he brought in Blair and introduced her...I thought that was very nice. She was awesome as well giving is more suggestions for our second round of drinks. We ordered cocktails from their special menu in honor of the World Cup...they were yummy and strong! Our appetizer was the Hawaiian poke stack. I could eat this for days! Ahi tuna with carrot and dikon over flat fried wontons with an avacado and a very flavorful sauce on top. It was great.We decided to get a pizza which we never get except from a pizza place. The BBQ chicken with onion, cilantro and tangy sauce was what we ordered. Overall the taste was on point. I wish I had ordered more sauce to go on top! My other half got clam chowder and said it was very hearty and had a to die for taste. We were too full to get dessert this time. We can't wait to go back!
1	We've been going to Yard House for a long time. We went there for Father's day and it took 35 minutes to get our food, which was cold, and the server didn't seem to care as he cleaned the tables around us.I work in the service industry and understand it can get busy, but our food had been sitting in the window long enough to change color.It will be the last time we eat at any Yard House as we've had the same service issues at the Red Rock location.
1	No stars only reason it gets one is because I had to so I can save the review .. That's how bad the service is, shake my head. Never again. The server was so disrespectful since the beginning. She threw the drink mats at us like we were animals basically. Let me throw my drink at you and let's see how you feel. Worst restaurant ever. I don't know about the other ones but at town square never again..
3	I love the yard house. The ahi tuna poke, coconut shrimp, and macaroni and cheese are my absolute favorites. They also have the California roll type sushi appetizer that is as big as a regular meal - and delicious! This time though, something seemed off. There was an extended wait, even though the Restaraunt was not super busy and plenty of tables were open. When we finally were seated, drinks came promptly, and then we didn't see waitstaff for about 20 minutes. When he finally came around I asked a few questions about the ahi tuna - I hadn't tried it before and I wanted to - the waiter was completely disinterested. Maybe he was having a bad day...Our food came, and it was good, but not the same. I'm not sure if they have changed recipes, but it was kind of lackluster (considering most of their food is pretty amazing usually). I tried the tuna, and it was tasty, but warm which is a no no for sushi-related food. I hope to be able to return one day, but I was disappointed significantly by this visit, which is kind of upsetting.
4	A friend & I had an engagement at Town Square, so we decided to stop here first and grab some grub.Fortunately, the pizza was tasty. And the calamari were done well. Oh, and the beer list! They have one long beer list. And they seem to carry all the good labels.I'm originally from OC, so it was nice to experience a little taste of "the homeland" here in Vegasland.
4	Was here Sun/15 June about 9:45 pm:- Seated us quickly in a booth (opted out of the patio since it was too windy).- Had draft German hefeweizen (wheat) beer, my favorite.- At 10 pm happy hour kicked in so had the 2 different fish apps (Hawaiian Poke Stack and Seared Ahi Sashimi) which were about $6 ea (50% off apps for happy hour).- My friend had the World Cup/Rio themed beer/cocktail, which she liked.
3	I don't know why people like this place. Please note all the things I don't like about Yard house. Perhaps you will agree with some of them. - there are no decent drink prices. Beer is expensive, wine is moderately priced, cocktails are absurd - mu Shu egg rolls taste like cat food - tuna poke has huge chunks of sometimes tough tuna- summer salad was nice with clementines and strawberries- I do like the selection of videos they play on tv and the music is general good too- service is always decent - French onion soup is mediocre at best.
4	Yardhouse is a chain that's located everywhere in California, but I've never had any interest in going here. We came here since it's conveniently located near our hotel. I wasn't that hungry, so I just got the ahi poke tartare appetizer. I eat a lot of poke & this was very good & fresh! Only thing is next time, l'd probably ask for less soy sauce.Server was also very attentive & friendly!
3	Went to Yard House when in Town Square I happened to witness on a TV that Honda scored a goal in the 2014 FIFA World Cup game - Japan vs Ivory Coast.We moved to Yard House to continue watching the game. We only had a light meal, and it was decent.
4	I am totally a fan of Yardhouse! I find myself here pretty often.... they have a GREAT beer selection! Good food! And plenty of tv's to enjoy sports!
5	I came here once and I was sold! I ordered the lobster garlic noodles and it was delicious! They weren't too selfish with their lobster, the noodles were made to perfection, and the overall dish was enjoyable. The location is convenient and there are a lot of restaurants to choose from but if you are looking for lunch and dinner this would be your place. I recommend Yard House to locals and those visiting. I will certainly be coming back.
3	Came in with a party of 8 with 5 being children a a couple teenagers. Just wanted a night out with the kids and the sister in-laws. Not only are the host upfront not the most welcoming but so is the rest of their staff. It's really hard to find good service now we live in a city that constantly deals with guest service and yet it's always a fail to walk out of a restaurant feeling welcomed. I understand happy hour probably isn't TE ideal time to get full service but it doesn't give anyone the right to lose their manners. Not 1 excuse me, thank you or anything came from our server Carl. From snatching the menus to throwing down the straws and that face he would make as we placed our orders was just completely unprofessional. Since we had the kids with us I stepped away from the table to contact a manager. When I approached the hostess stand the gentlemen at the stand was assisting other guest. A lady walked up with another unwelcoming look on her face I approached her in regards to speaking with a manager. When the manager arrived I informed him on the service, he was apologetic and took 2 kids meals and our desert off the bill.  The happy hour is well worth it. The food is good and the portions are great! Not to mention the delicious raspberry beer.
5	The beer selection is out of this world!   Unlimited possibilities.   Friendly servers, nice atmosphere.   Hit up the happy hour its the way to go.  Great food deals.  I tried the California sushi roll it comes layered which is different.  Everything tasted very fresh and delicious.  Also tried the onion rings with a smokey chipotle ranch.  Onion rings were crispy and delicious!  Next time I go definitely trying the pizza and wings they looked really good.
5	Ohhhh lalalala! Yardhouse is the best place to be. Theeee best spot for a Happy hour. They served all my favorite dish My husband & I enjoy coming to this place. Atmosphere is great.
2	I usually don't give 2 starts but I have to today . I came here with some friends for lunch and I have to say that the service is horrible . It took nearly 20 min for the drinks to reach the table , come on is not that busy here . Food was decent but not great . I don't think this place will see me again .
3	I always have the worst luck at Yard House. They have an awesome beer selection, but the last few times I've gone, they were out of the beers I ordered. They have great happy hour specials. I didn't like the chopped raw salmon built in a pastry ring, it kinda looked like it was chewed for me before it was served. I love that they play classic rock. The servers are pretty friendly.
4	Went here last night for dinner to try again after my last visit. I have to say the service was prompt and our drinks came out almost immediately. Tim was our waiter first (then it changed to Heather later in the evening). I ordered the California roll for an appetizer, and it was superb. The food took a little time to come out, but honestly the place was packed so I understand.For dinner we ordered the Mac and cheese and the applewood smoked bacon burger. Both entrees were piping hot, and delicious, which satisfied my disappointment over my last visit. Heather took great care of us, and because of her I will be back.
5	Perfect service, perfect truffle cheese burger cooked perfectly, great beer. They knocked it out of the park with this visit everyone was rocking and it was busy.
4	The draft beer selection makes this place far above what the food does. The food is good, but normal. Nothing bad, but nothing amazing, besides the beer. Loved it, and I'm not even a beer fanatic!Dave
3	Went for Happy Hour and was very happy. Good food although strange combinations of sauces with the menu. Onion rings (good) with a 1000 island type of sauce. Didn't work. pepperoni pizza with schrooms was good with nice crust. had a few other other apps. 3-6 hours on the H Hour and was very loud and full by 5 pm.
2	Came in for a dinner date Friday night.  I usually love this location, but this time, the experience was different.  Food was great, but the service was AWFUL.Our waiter, Josh, was in such a rush to take our order for drinks, food and barely gave us any time to think.  He was also very rude. We were rushed out of the restaurant within 30 minutes.  Horrible place for a date, I felt extremely uncomfortable.Will I try this place again? Maybe, but not for a while and not for a date at least.
4	Service was pretty good. I got a snooty vibe from our waitress though but she was good at filling out drinks and taking care of us. The onion ring town was delicious the rings were perfectly crisp and the flavor was great. Husband got the carne asada tacos it came with rice and beans. Sounds odd but we both agreed that the Mexican rice tasted like fried rice. It was really weird lol but still good. I got french onion soup and a small pizza. Onion soup was great I didn't get to eat the pizza I was way too full. My husband thought the pizza was yummy.
4	I have been the Yard House many times and there are very few things I don't like.  The spinach artichoke dip wasn't the best but I really like their pizza's and deviled eggs.  The service is always great too!
5	Great place !!Nice environment. Good food, good bears and good service.Had dinner one night and come back next night!Coconut shrimps are so good !!!
5	Yard house is just pure awesome. Been to the one at red rock and the linq too but the one in town square is definitely one of my favorites. They have great choices for mixed drinks and food as well. Appetizers get the lettuce wraps, truffle fries, calamari (don't confuse it with the Kung pao one) and nachos you can't go wrong with.
3	This is my first time visiting this Yard House location. I can't say I was too pleased with the experience. They not only messed up my tables drink orders but delivered an entirely incorrect meal to one of us. The first server assigned to us had a horrible attitude and seemed bored and impatient. Just a little positivity goes a long way. The young man who relieved him though, he was gracious and very humble. Overall, it wasn't a bad enough time or meal to make me not want to visit this location again but it did leave a bit of a bad taste in my mouth.
2	I had family in town, so we went in for dinner! We started with Tim as a server..he got my apple martini right! Which I appreciate!  But something was Cleary wrong with his attitude and then we were introduced to another server Anima, who was relieving Tim. Figured out what was wrong with Tim! Sorry you had to take one more table.  My Korean grilled bbq beef was ice cold..had no flavor. I never add salt to my food, which I had to..at least for some kind of flavor, but of course no salt or pepper on table. I had to ask another employee walking by for them. we also had to ask for chop sticks after Hawaiian poke stack was already delivered. I put a empty water glass on edge of table, never was refilled. I had to give someone else my half drunk water. She ask twice if we wanted same glass of water refilled but never refilled it. we were never offered more alcoholic beverages. we felt as if we were being rushed to the  point, ALL condiments were removed and well as glasses from table before we were EVEN done finishing our meals. I usually would have spoken to manager, but didn't want to complain nor disrupt our quality time with our visiing family.  sorry we were such inconvenience for both servers! Last two occasions at this location have been terrible!! Never will I be returning to this establishment.
4	Great place to bring friends.
3	Wife and I went for Happy Hour today. Great drink selection and service. Food was bland and not tasty at all. Might come back for happy hour again...but just drinks next time.
4	We picked this place for my bday dinner and made a reservation a week before going as we had a lot of people in our party.  The staff were great in taking the reservation, following up a few days before to make sure we were still coming and then again the day of.  I really liked that attention to detail.  Upon arrival the place was packed as usual but our table was ready when we arrived and we were seated quickly.  Our server was awesome as he was able to handle our party with no problem at all.  The drink orders were taken quickly along with the food order.  He answered questions everyone had and made sure our every need was taken care of.I know we were not his only table but he treated us like we were.  Our drinks were never empty, our every need was exceeded with his attention.  When we were done with our meal he surprised me with a bday dessert which was amazing.Everything here was fantastic from beginning to end.  The food was amazing, no one had any complaints, the price is decent for the food.  This is a loud and crowded place and does take some patience but one I am sure I will be back to visit as the food and service were great.
4	As always had a great experience at yardhouse. Steak is always cooked just right and the selection of beer is awesome. I tried a Moscow Mule for the first time and was very pleased.
4	Big fan of yard house especially this location at Town Square, because it's a usual family friendly spot for happy hour where the parents can enjoy food and a few adult beverages and then walk it off at Town Square afterwards :)  Yet it's also a cool spot to hang with co-workers or friends.  A good mix of either, yet when your their with the family you don't feel awkward because so many other people are having family nights out and then when you are there with adults only, you aren't bothered by all the kids around, which is pretty rare to find a place that can manage to do both at the same time.  Maybe because it's a little dim and louder inside, but either way how the booths and tables are set up it's not too loud where you can't hear each other talk.Happy hour menu is one of the best I think in town.  A variety of good choices that aren't just appetizer size, but could be full meals, so getting a good amount for what you pay for. Garlic noodles, poke stack, sliders, onion stack and cheese pizza for the kids are our go-tos.  I have had items off the happy hour menu and those were delicious too.  I don't think I've ever had anything I don't like here.  Recently had the mushroom lettuce wraps while doing the Daniel fast and those were really good as well.A good local go to spot for us, especially for Family Friday nights at Town Square :)
5	No matter what I order here it is always always delicious! They have the best chicken tortilla soup!!! I also love their pineapple cider, so refreshing! It's expensive so I only come here in special occasions!
2	I'm not a big fan of Yard House (or at least this location). It was so loud inside and the menu didn't have anything special. It's basically a general American restaurant. I don't know what is supposed to make it stand out or what the appeal is.
1	A group of 10 of us just walked in joking around and a little loud, but having a good time as a group of friends just getting together and having out. We got a table after a few minutes and instantly the manger Leo came over and informed us that they would serve us all the food we wanted, but we were limited to one drink a piece. We were cut off before even walking in the door because we were a group having fun together. I had 1 martini 2 hours prior and a ton of water, but I was cut off! Unbelievable! I will NEVER be back here. I can get drinks anywhere and the food is mediocre at best. I would rather go to the corner bar with better food. If you are in Town Square and looking for a good place with good food go to McFadden's instead. F this place
5	I absolutely love the Yard house. We always get the tower of onion rings and the tomato soup.  Super delicious!! They have great cherry coke and the food is worth the price. I'm sure once I'm old enough to drink I'll be going out here.
3	While at Town Square we need some nourishment during our little adventure.  It was very busy being a Friday afternoon.  After looking over the menu we decided to stay seeing that everyone was able to find something they could settle with for the late lunch.  The menu selections seemed ok but something you can find almost anywhere. Typical burgers, sandwiches, salads, some steak and seafood options as well.  I decided on the Lamb burger with the feta cheese which gave the burger a different and savory flavor.  The meat was tender and seasoned well.  The fries were these little toothpick looking things that were not as satisfying as they looked.  I guess I prefer a steak style fry something with a little more carbs I guess.  The service was sufficient, a little slow at times but there was a football game on that allowed the time to pass.  However when you have a family the kids do not find equal enjoyment.  We might try this place again, but I am not sure if I would go out of my way to visit.  Maybe for the Happy hour they have tons of beer choices.  I don't care for the big crowds of rowdy people that do not know how to handle their booze.
2	Ate there for lunch on a weekday. Service was very slow, which during lunchtime is unacceptable because people need to return to work. I had the traditional burger, fries were delicious, burger wasn't spectacular and pretty charred on the outside, but wasn't inedible either. Our server was very nice and apologized for the long waits for food. Maybe as a bar this place is better for customers but I wouldn't go again for the food.
5	We love coming to this location for late night happy hour! I always get the Lindeman's Framboise and my husband prefers dark beers, and with all the beers on draft he had a lot of options! Our server Paige was fantastic! She offered us samples of a couple of different ones to try out which one he wanted! The food is always delicious and with happy hour prices you can't beat it! Will definitely be back!
5	Truffle Burger is the best burger in the planet. Beer list is impressive. Awesome. Service was great. My go to Vegas spot when I don't want to spend an hour parking and want great food and great beer.
4	Everyone loves Yard House. If you don't then you're probably always sober or constantly DIE-ting while joining with a friend to catch up during happy hour. Both the beer and food selection is great. I always find myself trying out a new beer and appetizer/entree every time I drop a visit. And for a franchised restaurant? It's pretty darn good. Their take on classic bar food exceeds expectations with a touch of quality for the price that you're paying.The ambiance is great too. The energy's always there making it effortless to have a great time regardless of what the occasion might be. Everyone's in a great mood eating good food drinking good booze while socializing like there's no tomorrow.Knocked off a star since the times I do grab a table, I realized that I would much rather sit at the bar after receiving slow service- but I do understand how chaotic this place could get. Aside from that, I still love you Yard House. Always and forever.
1	I've been here about a dozen times and  the service here is always inconsistent.  My friends love to come here because of the location and Happy Hour. Don't get me wrong.. food here is great but the service of the waitstaff needs a little work. The last time I was there, the food runner dropped off our pizza at the table next to us. We were already irritated the food was taking long so we saw the whole thing. The girls next to us were talking among themselves that they got a free pizza and proceeded to pick and eat the toppings off. The server came by 5 minutes later and apologized to the other table... TOOK THE PIZZA OFF THEIR TABLE... AND DROPPED IT ON OUR TABLE and said "Sorry... here, enjoy!" Gross. That was the last straw.. I'm NEVER going back there again. Try the Summerlin or the LINQ location. I've been to both and it's MUCH better service there.
5	Great lunch today so nice that they do lunch specials on the weekend.  Great Variety on the menu.  LOVE the chicken tortilla soup I had today for the first time.  Always have had great fast friendly service
5	The best food in Las Vegas hands down. Also kegs and kegs of beer on tap..... enough said. Why waste your time anywhere else.
4	Great food. Awful service! The gardein menu is my favorite and the only reason it brings me in, and obviously the extensive beer menu! The gardein wings in buffalo sauce and Mac n cheese is my fave!
2	I like the Yard House at Town Square, so why am I giving it 2 stars - service, and the fact the women's restroom is in such a state of disrepair (one working soap dispense and stalls with no paper) I finally, FINALLY convinced my friends to come up to Yard House hoping that would be the start of a Happy Monday Night after work football season and the experience was just one misstep after another.  The Manager on duty was so amazing and tried to make up for it in the Best way possible (which I so appreciate because at least they could catch a glimpse of the customer service I'd always received at this location) but in the restroom just before we left an employee almost bounced off my friend and when my friend said "the polite thing to do is say excuse me" the employee retort "I don't Have to say excuse me"...wow...just so wow. Now I'm stuck going to to Applebee's.
3	I debated over 2 or 3 stars and finally bumped it up to 3, because to me that means just "eh, ok"This used to be my favorite restaurant, but over the last few years it has gone downhill and almost every time we go, we wish we had gone somewhere else. I tend to still go 1-2 times a year, but it used to be 1-2 times a month!The atmosphere is actually pretty cool, but the service and food is very inconsistent. While the servers are usually nice, they always seem to be really clueless as to who is serving which section. Many times we have had multiple servers come up thinking we are their table, when another server has already taken our order. Or, even worse, we are ignored completely and have to flag down any server, busboy, etc. to get them to come and take our order or refill our drinks.When we do get a decent server, murphys law usually dictates that then we are going to have problems with the food. We always get the truffle fries, which are super delicious if done right, but several times have come out totally cold, or way over cooked and no one in the kitchen seemed to notice and sent it out anyway. Consistency is definitely an issue as we have also had other meals that have been great one time, and totally sucked the next. Overall, I could deal with the above mentioned issues if it wasn't so freaking expensive. At the price point they have, I really expect the food to be consistently good and the servers to be on their game, but that rarely happens. I find I am more ok with being there if it is Happy Hour or a lunch special because then I feel like "well at least it was cheap"  The place is usually pretty packed with it's prime Town Square location though, so maybe they don't care about fixing the problems, but I think without the traffic there, they would have a hard time getting that crowd.
5	Awesome hang out with lots of tvs,  good music and really large selection of food/drinks. Nice place to unwind with friends.  Pretty much everything on the menu is good. I would highly recommend checking it out!
5	Great vibe, great food and yummy drinks! Great hangout any night of the week. Definitely recommend the French onion soup! Also the gorgonzola burger with garlic fries and the grilled cheese with tomato bisque!
4	Good service and food. Big selections of draft beers, but their beers needs to be more cold maybe around 32*-29 degree.All in all good place to dine and have a drink.
4	Awesome draft beer selection and food was good.  Our service was very friendly and attentive.  My only complaint is the restaurant is very noisy, so not the best place if you want to chat.
4	The Yard House at Town Square is packed like sardines! I have always liked Yard House because they have an entire Gardein section (fake meat dishes) on their menu that I just go nuts for. I started hyperventilating the first time I went to Yard House. I always end up ordering the Spicy Chicken Gardein Sandwich, which runs me about $12-$13. For some weird reason the Spicy Chicken Sandwich is not on the menu but it is online. Regardless, the waiters know exactly what I'm talking about when I place my order. The portions are always overwhelming, which takes me to my happy place.  The menu and beer section at Yard House is ridiculously huge. I think that's why Yard House is so popular - it's great for groups! The vibe at Yard House is great. People are buzzing and if you don't mind talking loud, you'll be fine. The dim lighting makes everyone prettier too lol. The prices sneak up on you though. It's one of those restaurants where you get the bill and you wonder how it got so high. Sneak attack!!
4	This gem has the BEST food for a chain restaurant! Everything is perfectly seasoned and beyond delicious; my favorites are the clam chowder & mac & cheese.  The staff is extremely friendly, with the exception of one manager who has a nasty and rude attitude about everything (reason for 4 stars instead of 5).  Other than that particular manager, Yard House is a fantastic place to drink, eat, & have a good time!
4	Very, very good ... Service was good food was great . Martini was horrible  tasted like NyQuil. It's a beer place so jus stick to beer .
5	First, I have to give Kudos for Yard House Management's response.  Without giving too many details, I'll just say it was surprising, sincere, and not the typical 'oh well plenty more customer's in the sea' attitude so many companies seem to adhere to.  Not only did one of my friends in my first review go back with a totally different person to give Yard House a Second Chance but We went back last night to enjoy the Texans vs Steelers game.From the first few minutes inside the door I thought, "There you are 'My Yard House'!! The bathroom was spotless and well supplied.  The employees at the podium were friendly and we were seated outside in mere moments and Kimberly, our waitress, was there super fast to take our drink orders.We ordered the buffalo wings, pepperoni & mushroom pizza, seared ahi sashimi,  & spinach cheese dip plus drinks.  I have always enjoyed Yard Houses food.  I think it's way above their competitors.  Kimberly was knowledgeable, friendly, and fast.  She seemed to enjoy her job and took care of us and her other tables in a way that had us asking if she works every Monday.I so appreciate being able to tell my friends, 'See that other time was just bad timing and a fluke'Plenty of Football Season left, and I plan on spending as many Monday nights as I can right there, with friends, good food, drinks and Football!!
4	Go figure I go out of town to review something local, but stepping into the Yard House here in Town Square was a definite different experience!To date, this is the biggest Yard House I have stepped into so you can tell that during happy hour it can pack quite a big punch for sure..The location itself is massive and tables are everywhere inside and out which made for a very quick wait time as you can imagine!Foodwise I decided on the black truffle cheeseburger and after some "local" inside of my dinner mates the truffle fries..The burger itself was pretty filling and they certainly know how to prepare a medium rare burger when requested to do so (a pet peeve for me)..The patty was juicy and the showstopper to me was that the truffle sauce accompanying the burger and actually the truffle fries was not heavily salted like I am used to here..It turned around my view that maybe there is more to Yard House then just the Yards?A low point was our waitress who was either just having quite the Vegas night or a Scrooge year round..Initially she threw the coasters down on the table as we ordered drinks and continued to slam down random items at will through out the meal (ketchup, food, etc), but did seem to try the cliche schmoozing when it came time for the delivery of the bill..That was a bit disappointing as it did have all of us blank staring each other if we really just witnessed this, but it did not rule the meal in the end!The overall atmosphere seemed quite calm, cool, and relaxing..It did have it's share of loud tables, but you must make lemonade when given lemons
5	Yardhouse is the cat's tophat! Monstrous selection of beers on tap and tasty eats. Las Vegas is a really terrible beer city, so this place is an oasis. Drinking delicious craft and localish (west coast) beers out of a 3 foot tall glass makes me feel like the president.It's usually pretty dark inside, but they have a great patio seating area so you can choose your preferred ambiance and people watching experience.The food is upscale American dishes, but not snooty. I would strongly recommend the freakin SOUTHERN CHICKEN BREAST....also have had the roast beef dip sandwich, chicken with penne, and burgers. All very good and the fries are small and skinny like a baby's shoestrings and are money.Only thing to avoid is the margherita pizza. It made my girlfriend emit garlic from her pores for two days afterwards and she lost a job because of it.Just joking on the job, but the smell was very real and pungent.
4	This is a great place. I had the spicy chicken sandwich which was delicious. Also they have a Ruby Red Moscow mule which is one of a kind! I will definitely go there again. The service is awesome and the waiting staff is very friendly and helpful
5	GO!Call me crazy, but this is currently my favorite restaurant! The food, oh the food, is absolutely superb! Not your typical bar food. I would recommend the seared ahi and surf and turf burger! You will not leave this place hungry. Oh, and did I mention they serve beer? Not just beer, but every craft beer you could think of! I believe there are over 160 beers on tap. A beer lovers paradise!  Bartenders that actually give a shit and servers that aren't on their phones all night, meaning they actually do their jobs, and do it well. Perfect ambiance for a quick drink and a bite, or a nice date night. Damn, now I'm hungry!
5	I have frequented this place when my wife worked in Town Square and I received nothing short of fantastic service every time.  The staff is friendly and even when theyre slammed with people the service is top notch.  I recommend this place for anyone who wants a good beer and food.
5	I've always received standard or above service every time I visit. The atmosphere is lively and upbeat. The seating is comfortable. The food is great. No complaints! I always come here for happy hour to get the best deals on finger foods (Monday-Friday 3pm-6pm). The wings and spinach dip are my all time favorites :)
5	This is my go-to late night reverse happy hour location!! Awesome menu, usual great service, and great happy hour prices!This town square location my usual spot. I will on occasion go to the red rock location if I'm in that area. But town square is the go to. Every time I come, it's usually always busy. Meaning I've never come on an empty night. Still receive great service and seated within an acceptable amount of time. There are great for large parties! ***side note: if you have a large party, be patient with them some servers look and act annoyed** I've come in with a party over 30 and they always accommodate us. (We come after we  perform in shows) Like I said I love the reverse happy hour menu so honestly that's the only things I've ever tried... And their dessert! Yummy! My absolute favorite is the Garlic Chicken Noodle!!! I see it more as a meal than an appetizer! Lo mein type noodles with chicken chunks accompanied by garlic flavor, edamame seeds, Parmesan cheese toppings, shiitake mushrooms, chunks of tofu, and sliced asparagus!!! Who wouldn't love that?! It's absolutely delicious and just the right amount of garlic flavor. All of their happy hour appetizers are a must try. Their half off pizzas are delicious, and my other favorite go to meal is the Ahi-poke Stack. Perfectly lightly wasabi coated ahi tuna chunks stacked on wonton wafers accompanied with carrot and radish slices all lightly coated in the soy and wasabi ginger sauce with slices of fresh avocado on the side!!  When I order just the chicken garlic noodles and the poke stack during happy hour, with tip and tax included I walk out paying $15. Can't beat that!!! Not to mention to amazing beer selection they have available!! Pear Cider is my go to! Try everything on their appetizer menu! I promise they do not disappoint
4	The food and selection of drinks are always great. I never have a problem with service, and also surprising considering how crowded it gets. The happy hour specials also allows me to eat and drink without busting my wallet. It's always busy at this location and has such a great atmosphere.
4	First time going and the truffle burger was delicious. It was also happy hour so got to taste some of the other appetizers like the sliders and the spinach dip. Quite delicious! Will definitely come back and bring friends.
3	This place is always crowded when I go. Even after happy hour has ended during the middle of the week!  So if you are planning a get together, call ahead and make a reservation. Even then, there might still be some additional wait time for the tables to be cleaned up and reset for your party.The biggest draw for hitting up Yard House is probably their beer selection.  Because the food is just alright overall with highlights here and there that I have discovered. For arranging parties when you don't know where else to go, Yard House is a safe bet.  Everyone in Vegas that goes out even occasionally will know about it.Love watching sports and paling around with friends or near by strangers?  This is a good spot, if you are willing to wait for an open table or vacant chair at the bar.  There are plenty of flat screens to occupy your attention.Looking for a quiet intimate and relaxing place to chill and grab a bite?  The noise alone will get this place crossed off the list.  But you are also not going to be spending the kind of money you would expect to pay at a restaurant with nice tablecloth and illuminated by real candle lights.The service is okay to way above average.  What I do love about coming here with a large party is that the waitstaff has been trained to keep track of who ordered what, so splitting the bill at the end of the night is as painless and effortless on the customer's part as it is going to get.  Uber kudos for that alone!I would almost give this place a 4 stars, but for that to happen the food has to be better.
5	You can never ever go wrong with yardhouse.  Their food menu is very extensive, and their beer menu ever BIGGER. Clearly, everything I've ever had at yardhouse has never disappointed me.  Their happy hour menu is amazing as well!  This is the go to spot for the best happy hour in town I must say!Im in love with their turkey sliders, korean BBQ tacos and of course, their Poke stack! Drinks wise, I always get their black velvet (Pear cider + Guiness) & framboise!  I always like trying new drinks here as well... and again, I've never been disappointed. The atmosphere here is very laid back and cool. TV's everywhere...  Restaurant is always so clean and packed.  Customer service is always on point.  They have awesome locations all over vegas.  Their Red Rock, Town Sqaure and Linq locations are absolutely gorgeous!
4	Great beer and the happy hour is one of the best in town.The spicy tuna tool is amazing.
4	This review is strictly for the food as we did take out from this location.Shrimp Ceviche - 3.5 Stars - Normally full of shrimp and fruit, but this time the shrimp was lacking, so to me it was more of a fruit ceviche. Still full of flavor and seasoned well, just lacking on the main ingredient.Shrimp Caesar Salad - 4 Stars - 4 Jumbo Shrimp cooked perfectly. Nice and tender and full of flavor. Perfect amount of cheese crisps and croutons, only lacking was the amount of dressing. Spinach Cheese Dip - 5 Stars - Always awesome and full of flavor. The chips work so well with the dip and the portion size is perfect.Angel Hair Pasta w/ Shrimp - 5 Stars - Pasta cooked perfectly. Sauce is on point and full of flavor. Large amount of shrimp. Portion size is perfect for sharing.Turkey Pot Pie 3.5 Stars - First time having this dish here and was expecting a little more from the dish. The puff pastry was underdone, so it was greasy and not very edible. There were far too many leeks in the dish, so it tasted like turkey and onions which is not bad for me since i love onions, but it was just lacking in other flavors. On a positive note, there was a ton of turkey, so that was a huge positive.Salted Caramel Pudding - 5 Stars - Can never get enough go this dessert. Always good, just wish it was a bit larger of a portion.
5	Organic Tomato Bisque is the best tomato soup I ever had. Gardein sliders aren't bad either. For Vegetarians like me they have a entire Gardein part of the menu.
3	Wings need to be double baked and weren't that good either way. Lettuce wraps were mediocre at best. Nachos on the other hand were a good size and pretty good. This place is definitely good for beer but only affordable during the happy hour. It feels like their food has gone downhill. The shortys are not included in the happy hour. Well you can get them but there it's no discount. I asked our waitress if they were included in the happy hour and she replied "yes". We then ordered two to go along with our eats. When the bill came I looked at it and noticed the shortys were the same price as in the menu. I asked our waitress about this b/c of what she has stated earlier. She said "oh yeah, they are included in the happy hour...But are regular price." I was dumbfounded by her answer. Is it just me or does that sound like they are NOT included in the happy hour after all? I'm just saying...Other then that the service is good here, tons of TV's everywhere. Kids can come hang and it's an overall good, fun and welcoming environment. Worth the visit for their massive beer selection on tap. I wish they had done court of stamp card so I could keep track of every beer I've had there.
2	Our first time on yard houseHi everyone today we decided to have a lunch at yard house We believed is Going to be great But we had a terrible experience with the customer service for some reason we had four different waiters  ridiculous on my own personal opinion.Any way we order a tortilla soup  really good loved But the steak tacos was bad and we order a carnitas tacos (means pork) and we get a chicken tacos,My burger was good half goat and half beef good flavor.After a while we told the waiter we order a pork tacos no chicken and takes forever to come back for our table carnitas tacos are bad we don't liked Next time when you guys  recommend tacos    Give us the choice  on flour or corn tortillas This is the cherry at the end of the cake check this out The manager came to talk whit us And he said I'm apologize for all the inconvenience but something they I can do for you and I explain everything then you guys already knows and I ask a couple questions from the menu and he don't so have the answers for my and again he said I'm apologizing My reaction was try to fix this little problem because your food is ok but your service is terrible and he said I'm Going to give you a free desert for the inconvenience Alright the desert was the only good think from the whole time the we spend on this restaurant  I guess we had a bad luck :(definitely I'm not going to come back to this place
5	I love coming here during happy hours. The food is delicious! It's not good enough to be paid for full price but definitely worth when it's half off lol So we got the chicken nachos, queso dip, chicken wings, spicy tuna roll and California roll. The California is a big giant roll. It's not like a traditional roll. It's just one big roll. The rice was under cooked so we ask them to take it back but literally everything else was great. Best buffalo sauce ever! I especially loved the wings because I'm a chicken person lol They have great quality fish for their spicy tuna roll, they use ahi fish instead tuna bc it's a better fish I guess. The chicken nachos is HUGE, you can check the picture, one order of chicken nachos is enough to share with your whole party. It's ginormous. Their queso dip was really really good. The cheese was a bit spicy, for white people, but it was delicious for me. Haha Our server, Mike, was really friendly and helpful. The only thing that I think would be a concern for some people is the loud noise. But then again people only come here for the loudness. Lol bc they have like a million tv in here with sports turned on. Haha Anyway, I hope you enjoy it and hopefully this helped. :)
5	Unbeatable for the beer selection. Where else can you get Lost Coast Watermelon Wheat Beer, followed by Purple Haze, followed by Big Sky Moose Drool? Town Square- easy parking, happy hour, better than average bar/casual food. BOOM.
5	Lots of killer items on this menu, the best appetizer so far has been spinach and artichoke dip. The lunch specials with a pizza and salad are probably the best value.
5	X Mas Dinner with the Broken Dagger tattoo Crew. The best bartenders ever. Love being a regular here. Shoutout to Nate, Kat, Dave, Andrew, Clarence and everyone else! Brett is a great server as well!
5	Really good place. I've been here a few times before but not recently and a different location. They have really good food. I had the Thai Chicken salad; I wasn't expecting it to have noodles but it did. It was just spicy enough which was good. For dessert, we had the butterscotch pudding which was really good. They seem to have a pretty extensive drink menu too but I didn't have any cocktail this time. The service is good too; our waitress was very attentive and friendly. No complaints with this place!
5	Super impressed with their tacos and the spicy rice. The fish tacos are delicious and just the perfect portion size to leave room for another beer.
4	Been to this location about 5 times now and haven't had a bad experience yet. I'll definitely go a lot more after this review.Every time I go I like to try something different and it's all been good so far.The food is great. The location is great. The service is great. The beer selection is phenomenal.
3	Oh Yard House. You're one of my favorite restaurants in town. Great beer. Great food. Great service. And you're one of the rare places in Las Vegas that has my favorite beer. Alas, my last two visits to your restaurant had been less than stellar. How very disappointing. A few weeks ago, your zealous bus boy cleared my food from my table when I accompanied my child to the bathroom. That was somewhat annoying but forgivable - after all you've always been very efficient with your service. And you made good on our food with new plates of food very promptly. Thank you. I appreciated that. I just wish you could be more prompt with your bathroom clean up. Then yesterday, my child and I headed to your restaurant again to get a quick bite before our movie. Service was great, your wait staff is fantastic. But I can't say the same about your dishwashing staff. There was an awful lot of somebody else's lipstick on the glass you served me. That was an appetite killer. My inner germaphobe had a mini freak out moment. See picture. There's no excuse for that.All that said, I still like you. You have nice people and good food. I'll just have to check my glass and guard my food more closely when I next dine at your place.
3	Why is it, that when they greet you, the obligatory question is asked - Have you ever been here before? You would think that after 100 or so visits, someone might recognize you. But NO! And even if it's the first visit, why do they ask? The place is a restaurant. They have food and drinks, I get it. Does the fact that it is the first visit or the 115th visit make a difference to them? And why does the server ask if you want another round when we have barely taken 2 sips from the first beer? What's the hurry? Are you running a fast food joint? Who's your biggest competition - Taco Bell? As a whole, the food is great, but the staff could use some common sense and a bare minimum of social skills. I'd say the beer is great, but not to their credit. Anyone can buy a keg and tap it.
4	Love the "Jambalaya" in this place! Usually come in here for dinner before catching a movie. However, just hanging out to have a drink works too when you're avoiding the loud bar or club.
5	Never a bad experience at The Yardhouse. Besides the wonderful food and cocktails, the staff provides a great dining experience as well.
3	Well, I usually go there to order two things, the blacken pepper gonzola burger or Chicken garlic noodles EXCELLENT! but this time I went during happy hour and they had great presentation on food, but my son and I were not thrilled on the California Roll. The rice was mushy, and there wasn't much seaweed on it. I took a photo and you can see for yourself. Other than that, the service was great. I just wouldn't recommend that California Roll.
5	Located in Town Square on Las Vegas Blvd. I am a big fan of The Yard House, but an even bigger fan of this particular Yard House. You can read my review of the one in The Linq. There is something on the menu for everyone.The Surf n Turf Burger is a must, it's a burger topped with lobster, that's right kids you read that correctly lobster. Also I should mention a vast array of beer. With reasonable prices great service and an expensive menu, you can't go wrong. So take a break from shopping and enjoy yourselves. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
