4	Nice, clean restaurant that always gets my order right.  Thats important when dealing with the typical teen-age employee who has a hard time remembering his own name, let alone an order for food he/she has been trained to prepare.  The only creepy thing was there was an actual he/she working the drive-thru window.  I'm pretty sure it was a dude in full chick make-up.  At least he/she got my order right.
2	The Six-Shrimp Taco meal came with a total of 10 shrimp. Every order before me (5) and every order after mine (3) was wrong, except for one. They fixed the mistakes on multiple of the wrong orders, but this is not a "good" Taco bell, though it was clean.
3	Den the manager is awesome, I get a free Nacho bell grande and Mexican pizza next visit since they forgot my pizza and my receipt.
4	I worked all day with nothing to eat. I passed by this Taco Bell and decided to stop in for a quick bite. I ordered a "Doritos Los Tacos Supreme". This has to be the best invention at Taco Bell ever! It was delicious. The store was clean and the cashier friendly. I didn't visit the bathroom.I see they have a "Big Box Deal" that the cashier says changes each month.  This month it included the Doritos Taco and other goodies. I wasn't able to eat a big meal knowing I was going out to dinner in a couple hours or I would have tried that.Hey, it is fast food and not "real" Mexican food but every now and then it really hits the spot!
5	Good Food, Fast and Staff is amazing considering its location
4	I have been here several times and I think they only got my order wrong once or twice. Sometimes they overcook the grillers. I have never tried any of the special gourmet bowls they make at this location though.
4	Great! Fast! And customer service is outstanding! Never really had a problem
5	Can never go wrong with a Mexican Pizza from Taco Bell. Staff was extremely friendly and the service was excellent. The Mexican pizzas are incredible as are the Doritos Los tacos. Try the Gordita crunch as well as the cheesy fiesta potatoes. Nachos Belgrade is legit as well. Love this location right on on the corner of jones / tropicana. Quick service and even better customer service. 2 thumbs up. Enjoy
