2	Once upon a time, the only place you could get used merchandise (and clothing, if you're into that) was Goodwill and the Salvation Army.  Then there were other thrift stores, but they come and go.  One that has been around in one form or another is the Bargain Hunters Thrift Store.It was called the Charlotte Rescue Mission Thrift Store, and I don't honestly know if it is still run by the rescue mission, or if it's even associated with them - but the location is the same, in the old Drug Emporium building on Albemarle Road.The selection, as with most thrift stores, changes constantly, and you'll find varying quality as well.  The good news is that you'll also find lower prices than at Goodwill or the Salvation Army, and the staff is generally friendly.Drop-offs, if you have anything to donate, are around the back of the center, a fairly scary-looking prospect, but it's typically safe (or has been every time I've been there), and they are usually closed Sunday and Monday for dropping of your donations.The selection of clothes is enormous, but make sure you give them a good look, as the clothes in those bright lights, you can miss threadbare spots, stains and any number of problems.  It is often better to stick with books (I have found money between the pages before) and simple games that are playable even if all the pieces are missing.  You may want to stay away from electronics, but that's up to you.
3	Bargain Hunters is just that....a thrift shop that requires some sifting.  Located behind the Burger King in a derelict shopping center on Albemarle Rd., this secondhand store has alot of items that have seen better days mixed with a few treasures.The clothing looked decent,-a large rack of men's sports coats, but otherwise unimpressive.  The furniture is surprisingly nice-large selection of couches and desks-not all of them scratched and stained.  Would have bought a TV hutch had I not planned to move in a year or so.  The book selection has some good finds.  My only complaint is that they mark the spines with a Sharpie-librarians shudder at this. You can pay with credit/debit cards-a $5 minimum is required.  At $1.50 a pop, I guess black lines don't matter.If you have a lazy afternoon or looking for a bargain piece of furniture, give Bargain Hunters a try.
3	For some reason or another, the Bargain Hunters Thrift Store decided to move.  Not to worry, they aren't far - just down the street, still on Albemarle Road, in a slightly larger space.The only update of interest is in dropping off of items.  You really have three choices.  If you just have a small amount (bag or box), you can take it in the front.  If you have a bit more (few boxes perhaps), you can take it around back - but where the other place was a bit funky, this one is downright scary.  And there is almost never anyone there, so you often have to ask them to open it for you.  The other option is to call for a pickup, but that is hit and miss as well.As to shopping, it's about the same.  Huge selection of clothes, where many other stores have only a few racks.  Definitely make sure to check them out, as with any thrift store, but you do have a bunch of changing rooms for trying them on.  Lots of furniture as well, and a good number of books and even electronics (not sure if I'd go with those however).If you want a snack, you can even stop in at Burger King, The Green Tomato or Woodlands, all within a short walk of the place.
5	Bargain Hunters makes me happy, first of all most racks of clothing are by size. Oh my stars in heaven, this makes thrifting so much easier.Everything that I liked was $1 or $2, this is what a thrift store should be, I get sick of $3.50 for a t-shirt, and I am not joking. Sometimes thrift stores just make me flat out mad with their expensive crap.  Bargain Hunters made me feel like a gatherer today.
4	This is a great Thrift Store!  Last night we were here for the Back-to-School event.  We got here a little late so we did not get to see everyone and most of the clothes were gone!   It was good to see everyone who was still there and next time maybe we can arrive a little earlier!
