5	This show is the best ice skating show I have ever watch. I got the ticket at the half price ticket outlet including tax for about $40. They sell you a coupon which you exchange for a real ticket at the box office. The only negative is the layout of the show room. It is an old style show room designed with tables in front of all customers. Thus there are many seats you really cannot have a good view of the stage. I suggest you find a way to buy a ticket and know exactly where your seat is. It is worth paying full price and gets a seat that you have no customers in front of you that will block your view to the stage. Our original seat assigned really cannot have a good view of the stage.  I move to a seat at the back which has a direct view of the stage about 5 minutes before show time and my friends move to where I have position myself right when the show starts. Then some employee told others who complained after the show begins to move anywhere to the back that they can have a better view. AT least 40 people moved. So the most important thing to do for this show is to buy tickets that you can get seats with no obstructions. Else do what I did, move to the back quickly and find a seat that is better. Do not arrive late after the show started. Your good seat will be taken by others and no one will move for you since you cannot see the seat number when it is dark.Everything in the show are on ice skating. The action is nonstop with no more than 15 second pausing between acts. They mix up artistic, comedy and acrobat acts together and created a great show. The actors all have great skill. It is a show good for all ages. At least half of the content of the show I have never seen in other ice skating shows. From an artistically point of view I like the skating with something like a kite the best. A master piece with a man and a woman with single and double kite and one rope used to fly around the stage. The comedy part is ok, unique but nothing special which basically takes advantage of Russian language. There are some very difficult acrobats and any acrobats performed on skate are more difficult than on foot. Four performers will take pictures with you after the show and they are smiling like I have never seen before. They are tall and thin and we look like very common people when in the same picture with them. You have to be a model to compete with them in the same picture.
1	This show didn't do it for me.  I had higher expectations because it is the only ice show of its kind at the moment on the Strip, but it was quite a disappointment for me.  First of all, the room is set up for so that as a couple, you are sitting across a 2 ft wide table from each other (facing each other) and you have to turn your head to see the stage.  Let me just say that after 15 minutes, my neck and subsequently my side was aching (although I was 6.5 months pregnant).The stage is surprisingly small which forces the skaters to go in small circles to do their tricks. The humor was painful to watch.  I don't doubt everyone was very talented but I had trouble with the very glitzy sparkly outfits and countless hair tosses.  It was cheesy to me, bottom line.  And I felt the performers had an air of "too-cool-for-school" as opposed to being there to engage and WOW the audience.  For some reason, I felt the performers were trying too hard to get attention, instead of letting their talents shine on their own.  A few of the balancing tricks were amazing, I was somewhat entertained overall, but was very very glad I did not have to pay for tickets (thanks to attending a grueling 2.5 hr timeshare pep rally).I have been spoiled by artistic details and original musical presentation of the Cirque Du Soleil.  ICE does not compare in the least.
5	This show was wonderful. It was great to see both my 12 year old son and 5 year old daughter equally enjoy a performance.  The performers were daring, funny, graceful, beautiful.  Took three generations to see this show and all came away awestruck by the feats of skill.  Spring for the better seats - ice chips come flying at you as the performers zip around the stage.
3	On May 21st, ICE celebrated it's 1-year-anniversary.  The way they celebrated this was by offering locals tickets for $1.10 ($6.60 after taxes).  Since the tickets are regularly $70, this was an excellent deal and a great opportunity to experience an ice/acrobatic show.  I'd seen the signs for this as well as the actors running up and down the Strip promoting the show, so my interest was peaked.Now, having seen the show, my observation is mixed.  I really did enjoy the show, I found the theme entertaining and the acrobatics engaging, but this is nothing I haven't necessarily seen before.  Many of the acrobatics could be found in one of the small circus tent acts that come to your neighborhood from time to time (usually in a shopping center parking lot).  From balancing to leaps, many of the tricks in ICE are circus acts w/ ice skates.  Much like watching Terry Fator do impressions without moving his mouth (doing ventriloquism), it's great to watch and can be amazing for a moment or two, but you do get the feeling you've seen this before.Another issue is the seating.  It's a small theater, relatively, for what you are watching.  The people are crammed into the theater in a most lazy fashion with booths and tables setup like what you may find in a lounge.  The area inside the ice which can only be accessed by a bridge looked much more comfortable, though part of the action goes around this area so you may miss something.I wouldn't recommend bringing kids to this show.  It's a little too sensual in places and overall is not as flashy or exciting as La Reve (the only Cirque style show I've seen otherwise).  Cirque, ICE is not.  I stand by my statement that this is truly a circus on ICE.  Like another reviewer stated, if the Cirque people did take this act and make it "Cirque" then it may have a better overall appeal.Lastly, the Riviera is an interesting choice for the location.  It's not dead center on the strip such as the Mirage or MGM where you find the true Cirque shows.  Moving down into this area, finding casinos like the Sahara or Stratosphere will also find you struggling acts in their respective theaters.  All of these casinos are too far away from the main part of the strip to attract that compulsive crowd that will walk in the day of the show.  Wohscigam, Matsuri, Gameshow Spectacular, Amazing Johnathan and others have all suffered from this north strip locality. The ICE crew does do a good job of advertising themselves on the south part of the strip, however, so they are making up for this lack of exposure.
3	I finally got a chance to see this show yesterday.As many reviewers state before this is not an ice/skating show (even though a couple guys skate pretty good and do some tricks). It is mostly acrobatics performed on ice rink. So since I'm not the greatest show critic I'll just tell few things (but still take my opinion with a grain of salt)- few parts were too stretched out and I was almost about to nap on my friend's shoulder :)- not really a con but theater is rather small so choose seats closer to the center.- guys really need to smile more during show- clowns were somewhat boring+ girls are great looking!
5	My favorite show! I love this show! it starts off with the whole crew out skating while some do balancing acts. But it progressives well with different performers doing different specialites. The music is interesting. Who knew abunch of Russians could get down to James Brown? That is the best part of the show, and each time i see it I'm still amazed.Also for an extra 20 you can meet the cast now. I did. I took pictures of everything and took pictures with so many of the cast. And yes they are all from Russia. ICE is taken from the Russian Ice Circus of Moscow. Which is an ice Cirqu Du Soliel type of show. The theatre is old. Yes it's the riveria. But screw that. the show is amazing. :) ANd if you need someone to go with you! I'm down!Oh and you can bring in drinks and food. Just not glass. So i go across the street and grab 1$ margaritas and enjoy the show.
4	I was quite impressed with this show, another lesson learned that you shouldn't always pre-judge the quality of a show in Las Vegas by the casino it's playing in.  "Ice" plays at the Riviera, which is one of the lower-end casinos on the Strip.  But despite it's location, this show was definitely worth the time.As the name suggests, "Ice" is based on figure skating.  But that's not the extent of it, there are many facets to this production.  There's about 8-9 individual scenes ranging from comedy to acrobatics to good-ol' artistic figure skating.  And each one ranges from entertaining to breathtaking.  The show starts off with some figure skaters doing balancing acts on top of poles, moves on to a beautiful artistic pairs routine, then on to some acrobatics and juggling, some more pairs skating, a woman who does a hoola-hoop routine on skates (possibly the highlight of show), some unicycling on skates, some ice dancing to funk and disco music, and some see-saw jumping (with the climax being a skater being catapulted backwards onto a chair 25 or so feet in the air).  In between, there are elements of comedy performed by the three guys who I gathered are the main characters of the show (admittedly, the comedy routines weren't always hilarous and sometimes went too long, but there were probably 30 kids in the audience and they laughed continuously during these portions, so they're doing something right).  If there's one thing I've learned to respect about Russian performers from watching shows like this one and the Greg Popovich show at Planet Hollywood, it's their ability to be world-class in more than one discipline.  For example, the three guys that were the main characters, in additional to being exceptional figure skaters, were also top-notch performers in another discipline.  One was an excellent juggler, he would have impressed me with his juggling skills if he was on feet, let alone doing it while skating backwards.  Another was an amazing fiddle player, and the third had his own individual routine where he rolled around and did tricks in a large metal "wonder wheel" type apparatus.  This is one of the things that make this show so amazing- it's hard enough to become a world-class performer in one discipline let alone also become a world-class figure skater to boot!All-in-all, I would definitely recommend this show.  It might lack the "holy crap" moments that the Cirque de Soleil shows have, but they're also doing their stuff on figure skates instead of their feet, so that's to be expected.  Ignore the fact that it's at the Riviera, I have a feeling it will be somewhere better in the future.
1	There were a couple of applause-worthy moments, but otherwise, in a word...BLECH. We ordered VIP seats which are pretty nice in that they're right up in front of the ice, but as soon as we sat down, we detected the very strong stench of mold. So that was our initiation. The venue itself is old, old school vegas lounge which has huge kitsch value. The show itself just felt very foreign from beginning to end, foreign in that the humor, choreography and dancers' personalities just seemed so bizarre. I feel like this must have been choreographed by some old Russian guy about 3 decades ago. For example, a woman started doing a bunch of hula hoops. At one point, she had about 10 going at the same time from knee to neck, which was pretty cool. But then someone came out and dumped about 30 hula hoops on her. After a huge heave-ho, she hoists them all up to simultaneously swing them around about 2 full rotations. Then she dropped them, looking to the audience for applause, as if that was supposed to impress us. I wanted to jump up and say to her: "sometimes, less is more honey."The acrobatic scenes had these painfully long pauses before one person would jump on a seesaw to have the other fly up in the air. They kept doing basically the same move over and over again with a 10-second pause before the little flip. 30 years ago this may have captivated audiences, but in today's hyperspeed media world, it doesn't cut it.The curtain call was also strange. After each soloist came out and took their little individual bows, the curtain went down suddenly and all the lights went out. Everybody was desperate to leave, but after some awkward moments in the dark, the curtain and lights come back up 30 seconds later and they all skate up slowly to take a bow. Strange given that they'd already pretty much taken their bow. The humor sections were just painful, not funny at all, and the actors doing the humor were so cheesy. The skaters were for the most part joyless, not enjoying their time there and clearly watching the clock. They could have upped the kitsch factor by making this a topless show, but let's face it, that would just make this show a different kind of tragic.The best thing about this show is that it is only an hour long. We pretty much sprinted out as soon as it ended.We got these tix for half price, but still overpaid. I would value this show at around $15/person. Can I suggest you pay the premium to go see one of the Cirque shows?
3	Although this show isn't heavily advertised, it was a pretty good show!  I managed to get free tickets to this one from a friend who worked in it and I went to see it with my mom.  My friend got us some great seats right next to where all the skaters go by.  The acrobatics and the ice-skating were actually very impressive considering the size of the show.  The costumes were also great, and it's easily a kid-appropriate show.  It also had funny moments too.  I'm lucky I got tickets!
