3	I never find the things I need here!  And I am still pissed at not getting my $150 rebate (from 5 years ago).  Bought a wash/dryer and they ran a promo for getting a rebate, they LOST my original store receipt when I initially submitted it.  Then they will NOT accept a copy of the receipt, WTF!  I only come here when I absolute need to.
4	Compared to other HD stores, this one is about par with the others.  Friendly staff, easy to find stuff I need.  I'm in different about choosing to go to a HD or Lowe's.  Just whatever is closer or if I did research, cheaper.
2	As all other Home Depots this places always has exactly what I need to get the job done. This issue is that the customer service is not that good. I have found myself on more than one visit here having to seek out someone with the orange apron on to find that one evasive item. Another thing that upsets me about this location is that on my last few visits I have found that the only registers available for check out are those of the self-help variety. On top of that, the one associate who is standing there avoids eye contact at all costs. Will continue to shop here because it is the closest and like I said they always have what I need so what the heck I guess.
5	Great prices and service!
1	I have been an amatuer woodworking for a long time.  I have also been a contractor for other services and have shopped at literally hundreds of Home Depots.  I would say as a whole Home Depot's service has taken a turn for the worst in the last 3-4 years but my last experience as this store broke the camels back and I will never shop at Home Depot again.  Not to mention I have 40 employees and countless friends I have shared and will continue to share my disatifaciton with.   Before I tell you the story first you must know I went to their competitor across the street and had all my issues immediately resolved.  (That DID NOT HELP)Ok the story.  My last visit I was shopping for what supposed to be a quick project.  I was building a bath tub container out of PVC and other material so the kids could keep their bath toys in their and it would be interactive with knobs and dials ETC.  Now bear in mind I am District Manager for a retail chain so I have some degree of understanding and bias for what this experience should be.  So in tow I have a 1 year old and a 3 year old to go buy some misc pieces.  I get to the PVC aisle and first its a sloppy mess but its home depot so figures, but I can find maybe 60% of the parts I need.  I wasn't looking for plutonium here I need extremely common fittings.  I am confused, surely I am just missing them, so to my peril I try to find an employee......  HA even when I am staring at them they don't care to help.  So frustrated I decide I am going to go get the other components I need and come back to this section.  Bear in mind I spent over 20 minutes in one aisle with 2 kids.  So I proceed to walk the aisles, still looking for an employee, and I can't A.) find what I am looking for and B.) find a soul to acknowledge me.  Then it happens an employee talks to me YAY!  Not.  I am standing in the middle area kids in tow, cart full of other items I was planning to buy and this employee is walking in front of a pallet jack.  He looks at me and then rudely tells me to move out of the way and into the adjacent aisle.  So I scoot into the first part of the aisle but I am still hovering so he knows that I need some help.   But NO, he stops dead in his tracks and says "move all the way into the aisle".......Let me put this into perspective.  Over 30 minutes in this store, 2 small kids who are loosing their patience, a cart full of goods and the first person to talk to me tells me to get out of his way and then proceeds to hammer home the point by making a little scene.  Sure let me wait on you to do what your doing before I can pay for my goods which pays for your job......  Sure maybe that seems a little picky but this sort of experience is par for course at Home Depot.  I left the store, drove across the street and found all that I needed with the help of 2 different associates and was back in my car in 10 minutes.You lost my business Home Depot.  The issues that plague HD are fixable but systemic and you can see they are consistent through their stores. (atleast here in phx)
4	Customer service does exist for single females in a hardware store.  The gentleman chuck answered my questions in a timely manner.
2	I've been to this Home Depot several times.  The employees here (except one we dealt with when buying appliances) literally appeared brain dead.I was trying to get help with lumber the other day and there was not one assistant that could help me.  I was planning on buying about $200 worth of lumber but nobody met me to cut one piece--I just needed one of the long boards cut down.  The end result was that I left my loaded cart and walked out.  Pathetic customer service.  Never again.
1	Spent lots of money here to do the floors and every box we bought there were cracked pieces. We had to return almost every box. That was very inconvenient having to drive back and forth wasting my time and my gas for this crap. Now we ordered carpeting and the woman who took down our information and address messed everything up. Apparently she got our address and phone number wrong and now the installation company can't get ahold of us because of that. Like you have one job to sit on your ass and type is it really that hard? The girl had long fake nails, acting like she's all that. She didn't even look at us she kept chewing her gum like a cow and it seemed she didn't even wanna be there. What kind of service is this? Wow-
1	We were here to buy a faucet for my aunt as a bday present. The man in the wheelchair in the plumbing department was rude and condescending. My husband is a plumber and knows what he is talking about and this guy rolled his eyes at us and tried to tell him he was wrong. I don't live here thank goodness. But my aunt does and said he was that way with her too. Maybe he needs an employee evaluation and retraining in customer service. End of rant.
4	Great place, never crowded.Lumber anyways seems to be damaged or cracked. Mane sure you inspect the lumber before you buy it.
