5	Yummy Food! Hamburger's and fries are sooo good!Cravable!Very fresh food.The breakfast is great too!Good place to go late night to kick back unwind and eat.Service has always been  friendly and fast.We eat there very often when we go to VegasMy kids love it too.
2	This place is just a standard run of the mill diner.  Not too bad, nothing too special.  Local paper has it rated as the best diner in Las Vegas.  Those people need to get out of town more and try some 21st century diners.  It didn't help that we were in Vegas and at midnight their bar was closed...breakfast was good the next morning but they easily lost a star for the night before.
5	This one is right near Nellis AFB. Easy to get to if south on Las Vegas Blvd. Been there twice and the breakfast is phenomenal!!! Good coffee and fast (a plus in the a.m.) The pancakes are HUGE...waitress actually gavemy 6 yrs old my pancakes and gave me his. Seems the cook made them as big as the plate... HUGE omelletes, I could not even finish mine. Cheap prices and very friendly staff. Nice older ladies give it the real old school coffe shoppe feel. Lounge are attached with some video casino fare. Clean establishment, I was stuffed after :-9  If up this way, better than IHOP/Denny's/etc and helluva lot cheaper...AND 24Hrs!!!
3	Decent diner food, way nicer than say a denny's of sorts.  I had a chcicken cheesesteaks sandwhich, and my portion was MASSIVE!!!I'd come back, especially as it's in the same parking lot as the super 8 motel I'm staying at near the racetrack
3	Very good breakfast and service.  I been eating here since 2000 and definitly enjoy the breakfast menu over the lunch/dinner menu, but that is me.
4	the pancakes are friggin' awesome, as promised by my sister-in-law. they are fluffy with a great consistency that made them simply melt in your mouth. in addition to sharing the pancakes, i got the full house breakfast: two over-easy eggs, two stripes of bacon, two sausages and two homemade strawberry crepes. it was a perfect variety for brunch.i'd definitely come back when in vegas.
4	Almost a weekly Sunday morning ritual!Pretty much my boyfriend and I drive from the NorthWest to have breakfast here.  The food is always good and the service is fast.  One day we may become the customers the waitresses remember.  The pancakes are always thick and fluffly which I love!  You just can't get those at Denny's, or I don't think you can.I have yet to visit for any other meal but if breakfast is good, than the other food must be also.  I like comfort food!
4	My 2nd visit to a Blueberry Hill in the Las Vegas area.  While the other one on Tropicana was good - this one near Nellis AFB has a well run vibe to it.The hostess and server were both friendly and very attentive.  I would guess all the staff here are somewhat related to the air force base and were all high energy.  Looking around it seemed the patrons were mostly active or retired military.Food was great and the next time in town I will come here for my Blueberry Hill fix.
4	I've been to this place a few times before, they're always friendly and have a good selection of food.  Overall great food and great service.
4	My favorite place thus far for me to enjoy a good ol' Belgian waffle!!Parking is never an issue here, but like most standard Vegas joints you see the gratuitous slot machines as you walk in.  It was a Friday morning when I was last here and much to my chagrin it was pretty packed.  But we also had a party of 9 when we showed up.  The wait surprisingly wasnt as bad as I had expected, although we did get split up into 2 tables that were adjacent to each other. Blueberry Hill is a local Vegas chain that I would pick everytime over the other nationally known diners.  The service here always seems friendly and Ive also been to the other Blueberry Hill off of Decatur but no matter which one I dine at, the service makes you feel like youre coming back to a familiar place for some strange reason.Now to my waffle, I ordered waffles and eggs and the portions here are generous yet not too overwhelming.  However I am a fan of overwhelming cause it makes me not feel as fat when I cant finish my food.  The waffle had a great crispiness that I have yet to find at other places. I dont like it when waffles lose their body after being coated with syrup and this waffle did not. Prices are also great here, for 9 people, our combined tab was still less than $100 (not including tip) I know this cause splitting the tab seemed like a pain and at the time I happened to be ballin (on a budget).If youre in Vegas and can get off the strip and want a solid quality breakfast, find your nearest Blueberry Hill. Even if its your first time, itll feel like youre comin back.
4	If you are in the mood for breakfast then look no further.  This place is very similar to Denny's but 10 times better with a lot more options.  The portions are large so if you are really hungry then this is the place for you.  Both of my kids loved it and if we are back in the area we will definitely eat here.
3	OMG if you are a waffle monster like me, this is the place to come. The parking is easy and it's really a local spot. This isn't a total draw so it's nice to come to place that is down home and just laid back easy. It's a true gem. I love their food. The service is always fast. Pancakes are good here too. I love that they are the real thick and fluffy type that you hope for when you go a place like IHOP or Denny's. This is the real deal. Bomb! Oh and I should warn you, portions are on the much larger end. Think about sharing.
5	Absolutely the best Waffles!!  They are all over Vegas, so whether you are staying on the strip, downtown or with family one is just a few minutes away!
5	You ever hear that phrase "Party in my mouth."  Yeah, you know you have and this place hits that to a freakin' tee.We used to come here at least weekly until we realized we needed to slow down before we become unhealthy and "supersized".  So, over the past 2 years here is what I have to say:You can't go wrong with ANY of their breakfast items.  Speaking for myself, I am not a breakfast food eater.  I can't stand pancakes, waffles, and french toast.  But this place...WOW!  I don't know what kind of "magical ingredients" they put into these items but I have become addicted, along with my family.  Their crepes, especially the fresh fruit, are...are...I have no words!  You'll just have to try everything on the menu! As for the regular food items, I definitely wouldn't order a salad.  They use iceberg lettuce and we all know that's usually no bueno.  Their chili is good but their hamburger with chili on it is...BAM...good (throw some onions and jalapeno peppers on it).  I've had the spaghetti - meh.  I hear the coconut chicken is good but haven't tried it.Like I said, this place is our go to place for our bfast outing day or night.  The price is right (usually under $10) for the portions you get (usually GINORMOUS).  They have great meal deals for the kids (3PM-9PM) and daily specials deals as well.  The 5 star rating is for the breakfast menu, fast service and friendly, personable waitresses.
4	Had breakfast around 630 and it was practically empty. Server was quick getting drink order and kept my coffee cup full the whole time. Had the chorizo wrap subbed the rice and beans for the potatoes. Breakfast was great and inexpensive.
1	FOOD: The corn beef hash in the Irish Eggs Benedict is NOT  home or fresh made. It is unnervingly comparable to beef flavored cat food in appearance and texture (with a fork, I did not eat it....nor the cat food needed to make a true comparison, but you get the point). Maybe pancakes and waffles would have been a safer choice.SERVICE: Do not act or look like a NON-REGULAR. You will be generally ignored by the servers (older lady with uber classy hand tat).AMBIANCE: Meh, been in worse, seen better. Bathroom was clean. The parking is limited to a few spots out front, and then you get to share with the adjacent motel. For North Vegas, I've parked in better, and a little bit worse...
5	Place is a maze za zing.... Let's me put a egg sunny side on a bacon cheese burger. Great great great place !!!!!
5	YUM!  We've only eaten here a handful of times but every time we were very pleased. The waffles are fantastic!  You can even get one with ice cream, berries, and whipped cream on top!  De-lish!    Service is great and friendly.
5	My very first blueberry hill experience happened here! My husband and I were house hunting for our PCS to Nevada, and I kept saying "I wanna go there! It looks good" we went one night I got the pigs in a blanket, my husband had the biscuits a and gravy.This is a real gem, always crowded with airmen and their families :) Return factor: Yes, not to this location though, we don't live near it.
5	All their breakfast is good so far.  I'm here for a 2-week conference and I've been here the past 5 days in a row.  French toast = outstanding.  Scrambled eggs = real eggs, and they're BIG.  Cinnamon swirl Pancakes = effing AMAZING!  Meat & Egg skillet = delicious and big enough for two!  Every time I eat there,they give me so much food that I literally almost throw up because I can't stop eating.  Their blueberry muffins are also fresh, warm, and to die for.  I heard this place was going out of business because the property owner is a dick and won't renew their lease. It's going to be a Vietnamese restaurant pretty soon (they can afford to spend more on rent because they don't pay their workers jack), so you better try it while it's still there!Yes, the parking sucks, but the food is well worth it.  The service is pretty good, too.  The waitresses are nice, even when you're a dick (the guy next to me was complaining about the wording on the menu this morning and was rude to the waitress.  He was just an idiot, but the waitress was very nice to him.  I, however, was not as generous.)
5	mad this place closed. loved it, the food...service...everything. sad. I would REALLY have thought the military crowd would have kept this place going...looks like ill have to drive to their other location. Sadly, wont be as often due to its location.
4	I arrived and parked with ease.  Unloaded the wife and kids and went inside where we were seated immediately.  We were sat at a corner booth which didn't work to well with a car seat, but we made it work.  Drinks were served promptly, but it took a while for them to take our order.  20 minutes later the food arrived.  Overall the food quality was pretty good.  But I believe that need to work on the service a bit.
