1	Three years ago, my mother made the unfortunate decision to hire Leolinda Bowers to sell her home.  Leolinda initially across as warm, professional, and caring but , in my opinion, I would rate her a negative 10 if I could do so.  Had I known more about real estate, my mother and I would have demanded a different realtor take over the sale early on.    Since we were selling the home from California, we relied on our neighbors who told us Leolinda rarely held the open houses.  From what we were told, she apparently had her husband holding them.  Leolinda also urged my mother to participate in the Gold ticket group which is used to make buyers think there is something special with the house.  If I remember correctly, we were told my mother would have to contribute $200 to a fund that would be used as prizes for realtors at a luncheon held for the realtors (?).  My mother declined this offer.  Of course, this was never put in writing so when we pulled up to the house (once it sold) was I surprised to see the Gold ticket for sale sign.  (I have a picture, date, time to prove this.)  When I asked Leolinda about this, she said it was a mistake.Also, when it came time to decide upon an offer, in my opinion, Leolinda failed to act as my mother's advocate.  Instead, she sent myriads of documents saying prices had fallen and it was best to take the offer.  We declined, I countered with an offer of $20K more, and the buyers signed without a hint of protest.  If any of you have read Malcom Gladwell's The Tipping Point, then you know some (most) realtors could care less about the price being decreased by 20K since it's a minor loss of commission (at 6% we're talking $1200).I could go on and on but suffice it to say that we do NOT recommend Leolinda Bowers to sell your home.  It's my belief the Sun City West market is low because of realtors who just want to sell, take their commission, and move on.  The retiree market is extremely vulnerable and has to rely on trusting their realtor.  If the realtor fails to advocate for them, then both the market and the sellers suffer while the realtor walks away with their 6% commission.  I believe the SCW market is deflated because of this and not just because of the economic downturn.
5	Leolinda is simply the most caring and professional realtor I have ever dealt with.  I trust her implicitly!  By the time you finish selling or buying a home with Leolinda, you will feel as if you made a life long friend!  Thank you Leolinda!!!
5	Leolinda is the ultimate professional. I have had the pleasure of working with her in the purchasing my first home in Az in 2005, a second rental home in 2007 and then the sale of that house. I am looking to sell again and I am calling her!For the first transaction, I was still living in California. Leolinda kept me informed on every detail in a timely manner. She was always available for questions and guided me with her expertise.I was selling my house in Ca at the same time.The difference in the two realtors was night and day. At the time I was dealing with the death of both of my parents within months of each other.That is when the caring,compassionate side of Leolinda graced my life. She understood the range of emotions I was going thru and dealt with me in a very patient and genuine manner.When you find a quality professional business person, you pass their name on. I have with Leolinda. I would have absolutely no hesitancy in recommending her (and I have-to both family and friends!). You do not become top in your field, in any area of business, without satisfied clients behind you, an expertise in all aspects of the industry and  sound personal integrity. Leolinda has it all!
5	Leolinda is an active and forward-thinking agent covering Arizona.  I have known her in the business world for years and couldn't think of anyone know knows more about the market.  Her extensive blogging knowledge proves she is the expert in her community.  She is thoughtful, professional and wonderful at overcoming uphill battles.  I highly recommend Leolinda.
5	We listed our home in Sun City Grand with Leolinda after interviewing several agents.It was a no brainer after she walked into my kitchen, she was the one.No one knows the market like her! Our home sold in 2 weeks for full price.We had already moved out of the area and needed a few items corrected on the home inspection, she took care of everything and it costs us penny's. If you are thinking about selling or buying in any of the communities in Surprise, AZLeolinda Bowers is the only number you will ever need.  Judy and Ben Bee
1	We are looking at Surprise Az. to retire to. We had a question about solar panels. So my wife called Leolinda to ask a specific question. Does Del Webb in this community allow solar panels on the roof?  This is a very simple question, the idea is that in the summer in Surprise, Az. people tend to run there air conditioners 7/24 for months due to the heat. Solar panels would help to keep the electric bill down. When my wife asked the question there was a complete dead silence then she said in a very nasty way, "why would you want to put solar panels on your roof in the first place?.  If she is that stupid not to know the answer to that question she should stay out of the real estate business completely. We will not consider using her to buy our retirement home in Surprise and that is for sure!
5	My family has used Leolinda several times for real estate in the Sun Cities.  She is a hard worker and keeps the deals together!  I would never use anyone else.She knows the local market better than anyone.  She does not need to go look it up - she knows her stuff!You won't go wrong by calling her!
