5	Christina helped us purchase a property in a great area at a great price. It was a pleasure working with her. She is friendly, knowledgable and efficient. Our sale was a challenge because of some time constraints. We also complicated the purchase by selecting a property in Las Vegas, the owner in Texas and the listing agent in Alaska. (almost forgot to mention we were in california.) Christina stayed on top of all the players and developments to make sure everything came together for us. I appreciate the hard work she put into our sale and reccomend her with no reservations.
5	One of the best realtors that I have ever had the pleasure of working with. My wife's family has now purchased 3 houses from her in the last 3 years and she has always been very friendly, professional and knowledgable about the Las Vegas market.I would totally recommend her to anyone looking for a home in the Las Vegas market. No matter what your challenges are Christina can find a way to help you find the home of your dreams.
5	One word, AMAZING! I moved to Las Vegas about 9 months ago, and immediately wanted to buy my first home. I am originally from Alaska, and had parents that were interested in investing in property in Nevada since I have lived here for over 4 years already. Christina was one of the first Realtors I called, and I was so glad that I did. She is very thorough, professional, knowledgeable, and extremely caring. She fought for me and my parents when we were in the process of making offers, and she never gave up even when we didn't get the house we wanted. We stuck together, and I ended up getting an amazing home in the area of Las Vegas that I wanted. She stayed on top of paperwork and everything else for me and my parents even though I'm sure we weren't her only clients at that time. Not to mention, we were doing business all the way from Alaska as well, and was patient (and made other parties involved patient) as we signed paperwork at closing. I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this amazing woman to anyone looking to buy a home. She is tough, kindhearted and never gives up.
5	Christina was fabulous. We bought and love the second home we saw the very first day.  I'll never use another Realtor in Vegas.  She really did her homework and worked with us from long distance before we came to town. She has experience with VA loans as well.
