2	My one (and probably only) experience with Safeway Home Grocery Delivery was very poor. Being that I am not a huge fan of Safeway in general, I only ordered from them because my beloved Peapod is not currently delivering in my area. So I bit the bullet and ordered from Safeway because they gave me free delivery and $6.00 off my order. Convenience: meh--I've had better. As with Peapod, when you check out using Safeway's online service, you have to select a window for delivery. And as with Peapod, the closer to your ordering date you select, and the larger window you let them have, the more you save on delivery. However, unlike Peapod, who lets you know an estimated arrival time by midnight of the delivery day, Safeway does not provide any specifics about when they expect to arrive. I guess they think you should sit at home the whole time waiting for them. As if that wasn't inconvenient enough, the guy ended up being late and did not call to notify me, so not only did I wait during the entire window, I had to wait longer while he was late. Then when he arrived, he did not bring the groceries into the house, but merely stood on the stoop. At the time I thought that maybe that they weren't supposed to and the Peapod delivery guy had just been being extra nice when he asked where I'd like them and even carried them all the way into the kitchen. I later found out that he was supposed to definitely bring them into the house and even into the kitchen if that was what I wanted. Quality: EEK! Me Thinks Not!Of the items I ordered, several were less than a week away from their expiration date (and these are items such as coffee creamer that you don't necessary use up quickly) and one item (Kefir) was already expired by nearly a month! For the meats, they were not as listed on their website, although they were somewhat decent. Pricing: OkThe prices were pretty equal to those I had experienced at Peapod: more expensive than I would pay at the grocery store, but much cheaper than at NetGrocer. Overall, I would recommend grocery delivery as a service, but I would recommend that you go with Peapod rather than Safeway. If Safeway is the only grocery delivery service in your area, then I would suggest that you do not use it unless you are a shut-in and have no choice.
1	Decided to try Safeway's home delivery. Glad we used the "free" delivery code for the first delivery (and last delivery).  We didn't set our expectations very high, we knew there would be some product change out due to the lack of bar code/item number ordering, no biggie.  Over half our order wasn't even packed to be delivered.  The delivery driver was really nice and very professional.We called customer service right after the driver left and were greeted very ho-hum, you called for what?  The gentleman on the other end of the phone wasn't very concerned with taking care of the customer.  His fix was to credit an item that was rotten and the remainder of our order would be delivered before end of day. NOT!We got a phone call at the end of the day that the delivery would not be coming back out to our house today, so we would have to reschedule the delivery.  Good thing we were trying their service and didn't have an immediate need for the items they neglected to send the first time.Over all we are really disappointed in the quality check for the fresh items, accuracy check for the items ordered and the lack of customer service provided by the initial gentleman on the phone.  Safeway delivery made no real effort to take care of us the customer.
1	SAFEWAY REFUSES TO PROVIDE ME WITH RECEIPT FOR MY $1,300 TRANSACTION!Let me just start by saying that giving even one star is being extremely generous. I placed an order for delivery On April 28th. Order was delivered just fine., however, I never received a receipt. This was a purchase of almost $1,300.00 .  This was for a school event and the receipt is needed for my reimbursement.  I sent numerous emails requesting the receipt and never received it. Yesterday I called the customer service number. Talked with Crystal, she told me she would email the receipt.  Guess what? I never got it.Called back today, talked to Shayla, she apologized and said she'd email me the receipt. I checked my in box and had an email, only it was not a receipt, it was a report with a bunch of skew numbers and codes.I called back, waited on hold for a rep for over 12 minutes. Rep finally answered and was coughing into the phone (gross)  I had to say "hello?" before she would acknowledge me.  Her name was Linda and she was not helpful or friendly. She told me that she didn't have a receipt for me. I told her I needed one, and her response was " I don't have anything for you, I don't know what else to tell you". Then she tells me that if I have an issue with it, I will need to write a letter and send it to some PO box in Phoenix.   OMG, really? This is how Safeway wants to treat a customer who just gave them almost $1,300 business in a single transaction?It was next to impossible to request a manager to speak with. Finally, Janet the supervisor did  talk to me. She said they didn't have a receipt for my transaction, but would have their I.T. Folks recreate it and send me an email.  Guess what? Yep, another stupid report, except those Wise guys in IT added the amount that they charged me this time.  I just got a bunch of garbage from them, and no response to my last email asking for a copy of an actual receipt.WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH SAFEWAY Home shopping AGAIN. Lesson learned
1	This is an update to my previous nightmare with Safeway Home Delivery.I received what you may consider a Make-shift receipt, with only information  typed into the body of an email. Safeway was kind enough to type in the date of the transaction along with the total, tax, fuel surcharge, and delivery charges.   The printout was good enough for me to submit for reimbursement, so, at this point, that's all that counts.However; I am not amused or impressed by Safeway in the least.   15 days after placing an order is way to long to have to fight with a monster grocery store chain who should know better.I have no plans on being a repeat customer.
1	I've been using this "service" for two years and I kept expecting it to get better but it never has. For some reason that's beyond my understanding they can't seem keep their website up to date based on their current stock.  It seems to me that since the whole premise of this service is that you can order groceries ONLINE that they should at least have the site current.  That's a minor inconvenience unless you're missing the ingredient you need to make your planned meal or you don't have body wash etc.  If you're the type of person who likes to live on edge never knowing if the items you ordered are going to arrive this might be the perfect service for you.  You might even find it exciting!  If so then there you go you can thank me later for the tip.  This is all sort of annoying but wasn't a deal breaker for me, what is a deal breaker is that recently we've occasionally not received our orders at all.  There have been several occasions where they over book their drivers and we don't find out until 10pm that our order won't be arriving or even once their system accidentally deleted my entire order.  Keep in mind that if you want to schedule a redelivery the next day (and you have a job so you need an evening appt) you'll need to allow them a 4 hour window to fit you in which means if you had plans that evening their shot. All of sudden this service that is supposed make my life so much easier is more of a hassle then driving to the store. I would avoid it.  Maybe one day they'll figure it out or better yet maybe Fry's will get on board and do it right. That'd be nice.Oh PS their customer service call center sucks
4	I guess I'm the only one with a positive review, but I must say, this service is amazingly easy to use.  The people always arrive right on time within the first five minutes of my selected delivery window, and they always assist with putting everything away.  They are organized, polite and efficient.  I wish the website was more intuitive and saved items I order frequently, but other than that I think it's a great service!
2	I have used Safeway Home Grocery Delivery several times in the past year. Most of my experiences have been fine, with the correct groceries delivered within the correct window. The trouble comes when something goes wrong. The customer service is awful. A simple "Hey my delivery was 2 1/2 hours late and three items were damaged" has turned into a two month argument over one of the items in my order. They said I didn't order, I said I did and showed them my email receipt. They said it wasn't the real receipt. I said I was certain that I had ordered and received the item, they said maybe I received it, but I wasn't charged for it. I asked for the their copy of the receipt, which clearly showed that I ordered, paid for, and received the item. When I pointed this out, there was no apology, they just switched to telling me I only had 48 hours to report damaged items, which of course I had done, it's just a month later now and we're still arguing about it. All of the other experiences have been fine, and it's very convenient, but if something goes wrong, good luck getting it resolved.
1	Okay, so maybe I didn't learn my lesson well enough the first time I used this service. I needed to place a large order for our school.  Since I am not aware of any other grocery stores that delivery, I thought I'd give Safeway another try.   ABSOLUTE FAIL.   I placed my order on line, selected my delivery, specifically stated that there should be NO substitutions made to the order (this part was critical because these items would be given to small children/students, and I didn't want them receiving cookies and possibly items containing nuts, due to food allergies, etc).   Once my order was placed, I paid, and selected my delivery window.  I never heard anything back from Safeway, so I assumed everything was fine.  The day of the delivery, the items arrived, almost half of the items had been substituted with things like fudge cookies, and I'd been shorted items.  I later found out that there were many granola bars containing nuts.  Fortunately, our teachers are very alert and one child who happened to have an allergy to nuts was given something else that day. I contacted Safeway and expressed my concern about their lack of customer service, also reminding them that this is the second time I have tried to use their service and the second time it has failed.  The gal on the other end of the phone offered no apology for substituting and short changing me of  items, and instead told me that it was my responsibility to know which store the delivery was coming from and to contact that store directly to make sure they had the requested items in stock.   REALLY, HOW THE HECK AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHAT STORE THIS WOULD BE SENT FROM, FOR ALL I KNOW, I THOUGHT THESE WERE COMING FROM  YOUR MAIN WAREHOUSE!!!???    SAFEWAY, IS THIS WHAT YOU CALL CUSTOMER SERVICE???!!!
5	Our home has been using safeway grocery delievery online for about a year and a half now. Once you get used to the website, learn how it works and how to carefully select the options at the end of the check out its a great service!  Yes, a few times our orders show up a bit late but we typically get a phone call from the driver or simply call and ask about our order. I have never experienced the bad service that most of the reviewers mention. Overall, in this house we've had nothing but a great experience with this service and we tend to order our groceries from them at least twice a week- when you get your groceries delievered it leaves a lot more room for fun and other things in the day vs spending an hour or so at the grocery store. I love this service!
5	I've been using Safeway's grocery delivery for the past few months and for me, it's been terrific. My orders have always been on time, rarely is there a substitution, and even the produce has been fresh and good. I had a customer service issue only once, when a product had passed its expiration date, and they credited my account immediately. I've been using this service because I don't have regular access to a car, and with a 4-hour window the price is about the same as it would be for me to rent a Zipcar to shop. I've never had any of the problems mentioned by some of the others. Highly recommended!
2	I am stuck at home with my foot in a cast for the next three weeks. Going to the grocery store is usually something i like to do, but entrusted it to safeway. They're a huge company, they should be able to get this right, i thought.The delivery man arrived within the window, which was nice. I'm not going anywhere, so it would have been OK had he been late.9 out of 26 were totally missing. They were on the receipt, not listed as 'out of stock', and i was definitely charged for them. They were the most expensive items of the bunch: some organic sausages, tortellini, capers, and half of my produce, celery, corn, carrots. It took about 10 minutes to get this information conveyed to someone on their 1800 number.They've offered to send somebody over tomorrow during an inconvenient time to re-deliver. Sounds to me like the delivery guy is going to have a nice dinner on my tortellinis!
5	All was received as promised exactly on time. Placed a second order today!! I live in Apache Junction AZ and its snowbird season, so every elderly person in the country is roaming the isles of my local grocery store.Getting my groceries delivered saves me a TON of time gas and spares my rapidly dwindling sanity :) Hopefully my second  order goes as flawless as the first!!
5	Just had my third delivery. My window was 6:00 to 7:00, they arrived at exactly 5:57 and were ringing my bell at 6:00! They have been on time every time so far. I did have an out of stock on this order, one of my pot pies but everything else in my 44 item order was. I continue to be impressed with this service!
5	Ok I'll admit it, I'm am totally adverse to going into grocery stores, I absolutely hate doing it so I figured hey why not try out Safeway's home delivery service again, maybe they've improved.  They totally have!  They're rarely  if ever out of items that I've ordered, they're now offering more items then before, the drivers are all super courteous and always on time! YAY!  Here's a tip - purchase 5 items from the "Get Free delivery banner" on the homepage.  As long as there items in the list you need it's nice to save on the delivery charge.
4	I have been doing Safeway Home Grocery Delivery now for about 5 years now and I love the service.  Where I was living at before we lived in an upstairs apartment and my wife hates shopping and I can't stand for long periods of time due to my arthritic knees.  Plus hauling everything from the car up the stairs to the apartment I never looked forward to.  I order about every week and a half and have never been disappointed.  There have been a few times where I was charged something but never got it, but their customer service was on top of it and either credited my account promptly or had items redelivered.The drivers have been friendly and helpful each time they delivered.  I feel not tipping them because I feel they earn it especially in the Summer months but they don't accept tips.Their website has gotten better over the years.  Sometimes they have the newest stuff and sometimes it takes a while for new stuff to get online.  You can even renew your prescriptions online with them to include with your delivery.  Pretty much whatever the store sells, you can have it delivered.  This service is especially handy during the holidays with all of the food and booze.I totally recommend this service to everyone plus it is nice that I can shop at my leisure at home and have Safeway to the shopping and delivery for me.  The prices are fair.  Yes you could buy things cheaper at Walmart, Food City or Fry's but they don't deliver and you have to factor the cost in.  If I don't have to spend an hour at the store to shop, I'll gladly pay for it.  I hope this service stays because it is much appreciated!
4	I have been off my feet after foot surgery and Safeway Home Delivery has saved my life! I shop for a family of four and there is no way I can get the grocery shopping done without great inconvenience and a little pain. They are always on time, courteous and for the most part get everything right. I love that I can shop the online ads and save a lot of money in the process. The only down side is I can't use my coupons. I would definitely recommend the service to anyone who can't, for whatever reason, make it to the grocery store.
5	Amazing service. I'm picky about my selection and I can honestly say that everything that was delivered was within my standards. Hella cheap too! Will definitely be ordering this was again.
1	First time trying to use them and 1 hour before my scheduled delivery window (6-10PM) I get a voicemail the gist of "the store had an IT problem, your order won't ever be coming and if you want it you'll have to reorder".  Awesome service.  No "here's a $5 discount and we'll get your order on the first truck tomorrow".  Never again.  I'll just wait for Amazon Fresh to show up in Phoenix because I know I'll get amazing service from them.
3	My monthly grocery shopping trip was overdue and I was stuck at home with a stomach infection, so I decided to use Safeway's home delivery again. 3 years ago they were lifesavers when I was stuck in my condo for 6 months with a fractured pelvis, so I knew what to expect... or thought I did.  Ordering online is time consuming as I bargain hunt, but I got it done and received a confirmation email. The groceries came within the promised time window today and all was intact except for my bag of Granny Smith apples, which were out of stock.... really?  I had ordered no substitutions as I refuse to pay $1 per apple. The only meat I had ordered was a family pack of chicken thighs (I'm on social security and this was the cheapest meat available). Imagine my disgust when I noticed that my pack had a "sell-by" date of today and I was paying $1.69lb for the privilege of buying it. Just what I need on top of my precarious tummy condition. At Fry's this pack would have been marked down and I STILL WOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT IT. Can't believe that Safeway fobbed this chicken off on me and sure makes me rethink using them again.I'm updating the review and giving them another star because I received an apology email from Safeway this evening which stated I would be refunded for the chicken thighs within the next 8 - 10 days. They said that they train their personal shoppers to choose the furthest sell by date available and have forwarded my complaint to the store so that the personal trainer can be re-educated. Given their timely response and efficient reaction, I'll give them another try.
