5	Omg! I can't believe I'm the first review! This place is awesome! The menu is just big enough with a great variety of rolls!  Fun names! We had a Neptune's Dazzler, a "Tastes like my ex-girlfriend" and a Japanese Lasagna 2....all super fresh and tasty!  Service was very fast and friendly too! Hubby had the Chicken Teriyaki platter and he said it was great!  We wolfed it all down it was so good!  I'm sad I forgot to take pics before it was all gone!Definitely a do again...and I'll take pics next time!  Everyone come here! This place has to survive!
5	Finally a great Sushi Restaurant in Summerlin!The fish is fresh and flavorful, the service is excellent, the names of the various offerings let me know that the ownership is about having fun.Everything was amazing and we will be back often.
5	Great new spot in Summerlin Center. My wife and I had: I Did Your Girlfriend, No Pain No Gain, Heart Attack, and a double order of Baked Mussels as an app (2 pieces per order). All of it was great. I'd say the mussels were the weakest link, but they were still good. Their location isn't the best in the new mega-mall (South of Nordstrom Rack by Five Guys), but it's worth the trip. We'll be back!
5	New place in Summerlin Center that we really enjoyed. We had 3 of their specialty rolls; I did your girlfriend, no pain no gain and heart attack...wow to all three. Really unique and flavorful. No pain no gain was my fav. We will return.
5	The large Spicy Salmon was amazing!!! The owner is super friendly and the food was delicious. So happy this is in Downtown Summerlin-this will be our go to spot for food. Great sizes for the sashimi, and the presentation is beautiful. The whole staff overall was helpful and nice-such a great experience!! Having never been to the Centennial location-this was a great find. Will for sure be back!!
5	So far the best none all you can eat sushi in vegas!!! The rolls are huge the service is great defently coming back!!
4	No liquor license...Average service...Pretty good food...And a hair in my ramen...the waitress stood there and then asks, "what would you like me to do with this"? The attitude was super awkward and semi rude! I will give them credit...they did take it off my bill! Not a terrible experience, and I will definitely try again.
3	Nothing really stands out .... the only thing worth mentioning is the yellow tail collar. We also had the lunch special and some rolls.   For this price I'd rather drive a little farther to Sen of Japan.
3	We have been to Sushi Loca a few times.  Mostly just for to-go sushi.PROS:     -The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is good.  The decorations are attractive.    -The actual sushi is good.    -The waitstaff is friendly and helpful with the menu.    -The soy sauce containers on every table are only low sodium.    -Pretty food presentation.CONS:   -The music/restaurant was very loud.  I could barely hear the person across from me talking, which made conversation difficult.   -NOT family friendly.  Last time me and my family went to eat there, there was a waitress with a headband that said "f**k" all over it.  Also, the menu has VERY suggestive names for the sushi with references to Viagra, orgasms, and "Sex on the Beach".  Not trying to be prude, but if you have a young kid that reads, it may not be the conversation you want to have at your dinner table when they ask what the words mean.   -Could not find the website online.  They need to have website with the menu on it so you can call in your pickup order.   -The waitress didn't come by the table enough.  We wanted to place our order and had to wait 20 minutes for someone to come over and get us drinks.  Then it took forever for them to come back to take our order.  We almost left.  They need to have a suggestion box so customers can give them feedback to improve.  Since they are a new restaurant, they should care.  I think Sushi Loca has great potential, and a great location, but they need to take steps to make it more family-friendly and accessible for more types of customers since they are in a mall.
5	Great prices good variety of Japanese food with sushi, noodles, and steaks  and other main fishes. If recommend this place. They are waiting for liquor lic.
5	Great sushi!! Very nice atmosphere!!!Sushi was fresh and creative rolls !!
2	This will be an overall review of the food and staff.  I dont care what a place looks like as long as its clean and the food is good enough not to stay home and cook. We have been here a few times since they opened so we hoped for some improvement. The funny thing is when you get thru the front door they think you speak korean or japanese for some reason. I'm thinking I have been around the world a few times but your in Summerlin a local town. Get your english on point. Keep in mind I do speak a few asian languages but your in America and most of your customers aren't Asian. Staffs customer service skills poor.  Order to go one time waiting at the front door and same the guy asked me twice if I have been helped. I said don't you remember you ask me a few minutes ago and I still don't have my to go order paid in full online. The place was empty on that day. On to the food Sushi is ok most of the time. However my wife made a huge mistake and ordered the Seafood Sukiyaki it was horrible. The seafood was farm salmon and a few other odd items I think one was brown / gray tuna. No shrimp for you and that will be $18 soup aka Sukiyaki.We are going to stop going here and just order to go from another sushi bar that is more professional with less drama also I agree with another yelper the names of the rolls needs a serious creative change its NOT dance club its local sushi bar. Also another review below was 4 star with a hair in the Ramen, How in the world do you give a 4 star with hair in the food? I approve this message J K KUHL...  Come on ES you can do A LOT better.
3	I eat too much sushi, and that means I eat it in many places. That means I know what it should cost. Unless you have won the lottery you should probably skip Sushi Loca. It's a menu similar to Sushi Fever with prices higher than on the Strip. So here's what we ate: Toro pieces were good sized, but at $17.95 a piece, highway robbery! The Negihama roll had double the rice it needed. The Kiss of Fire roll was swimming in so much spicy vinegar sauce that it made the roll fall apart - and the flavor was just sauce. The Spider roll had lots of the crab salad inside and the fried softshell crab was warm and crunchy. The Alaska roll and Tiger roll were just what was expected. Bottom line - average sushi, crazy prices. Service was trying hard, but for these prices the water glasses should not sit empty.
4	Yum!  They have huge rolls that are just delectable.  A bit pricey and I wasn't as impressed with the non-sushi entrees.  However, the sushi is awesome!I would recommend getting an appetizer and just jumping straight into the sushi heaven.
3	It was good. But mostly, it was FUN! Sat at the bar and ate with a couple of friends and then we drank with the owner! BTW, he's HILARIOUS!! Who knew you could, drink, laugh and roll all at the same time!Food was fresh (which is SUPER important for sushi!), tasty and made to order! Service was friendly and equally fun! I'll have to go back and eat again to give them a proper review though.
5	So excited to be here with family and looking forward to some delicious sushi.  The restaurant is beautiful and the staff is very friendly!
2	Service terrible - hostess was rude and took forever to get a waitress, the menu is not appropriate for children - many menu names X RATED. The atmosphere is beautiful dark woods and reds. If they paid as much attention to their food and their customers as they did the decor, it would be a 10.
1	If you call this sushi, it would be a real insult to those real professional sushi chef who study and work hard to earn their titles.  Let me just say, I can not find anything right about this place. Sorry!!  The word Sushi and Sushi chef comes with an extensive training not a privilege of a color of your skin.
3	If you like imitation crab, otherwise known as k-rab, then this is your spot! We did have some very good rolls (caterpillar, omega,  and tempura),  and some okay ones. If you order anything with crab in it you will get about 2 tbsps of k-rab in every bite.   It is way too overpowering and makes the bites too large.  And on a neurotic note, the  circumference of the chopsticks is oval shaped instead of square;  so if you have a child with you that needs cheaters they won't work.  The decor is very pretty and the place seems very clean. I will go back, but I won't order any k-rab; and I will bring my child's chopsticks with me.
5	I come here literally every week. Nice clean atmosphere where everyone is always happy to greet you. Amazing special fish selections from all over the world and everything tastes amazing. The servers are a great help when suggesting exactly what i was craving! Yumyumyum!
2	Well we went and tried it and not my favorite. I've been to many places in Las Vegas for sushi and this one did not hit its mark. Two things high prices that are not justified and service was so so. Never brought our edamame we ordered and put it on the bill. Rolls were extremely generic. Fake caterpillar roll had no flavor along with sex on the beach which tasted like rice vinegar that overpowered the whole roll. Salmon sashimi was not cut correctly, it was cut like the crab sticks which detracted from its presentation and flavor. Burning sensation roll with soft shell crab, avo, and tuna was swimming in a garlic ponzu and for some reason here was a heaping mound of rice on my plate. Overall not impressed and won't be back. Many other sushi places to try in Vegas for better food and service.
5	Delicious rolls. Ordered the eel roll and the spider roll. I used to go the the centennial location and when this location opened I was thrilled because this one is much closer to me and it's just as good, of not better.
2	It is 6:45. Half the people in here have kids. Club music is playing and the last song detailed a sexual encounter, even using "shit" and "fuck". It is super awkward. They even have a children's section on their menu.
