1	Problems before I even walked into the store. I went on their website to find out hours of operation on Monday morning at about 7 am. On the website it says hours are Monday through Saturday 9 am to 5 pm.(which they as of recently have changed, since I complained about it) I had my scooter towed over to the store which isn't in the greatest neighborhood and there was a large piece of paper taped over the window written in sharpie over the Monday that said Tuesday. I left my scooter there rather than paying another 80 dollars to get it towed back to my house and another 80 back to the shop. It was a risk on my part but thankfully my scooter was still there on Tuesday morning when I arrived. When I walked in the door and told the man at the counter about coming by on Monday he said in a very condescending and quite frank manner "We are always closed on Mondays". So we get to business and he tells me that before he can even look at my scooter he is going to charge me 55 dollars. I tell him fine and ask him how long it will be before they get to it. He says "tomorrow, there are two scooters in front of yours". I also mention to him that I would only like an estimate on a mount for my starter and again he says condescendingly "uhg, you mean a coupling". I say "sure but I would like an original part". The next day I call back and the man on the phone tells me that they won't even be able to get to it for another day because I have three scooters in front of me. Somehow time and space has collapsed. The following day he calls me on the phone and tells me that he cant even start until he replaces the coupling and it will cost 55 dollars for labor and 55 dollars for the part, also disregarding my request for the original part, says he is going to replace it with a part from Taiwan. For one, the labor for this part would run around 15 minutes of work. I don't know many people that get paid 220 dollars an hour for labor besides doctors maybe. I told him that I would install it myself and he said not only does he not know if it would fit, but if he did sell it to me and it didn't fit, it would be mine. Regardless, this store has you already because your into them for 55 dollars the second you walk through the door and the eighty dollars it just cost you to tow it to them.  Another thing, he said that he would have to replace that before he could get any further and along with that he would have to do two different things to my scooter that cost 60 dollars a piece before he could even begin to find out what was wrong with it (even if it is just bad gas). So I would have been into it already for 340 dollars before they could even get to the root of the problem. Further, I built a very nice coupling from scratch, but he says that they won't do "shotty" work.(contradicting the fact that he wanted to put a Taiwanese part that may not even have fit). I tried to explain to him that it was unnecessary for him to have a coupling on the scooter in order to do the work and it was ridiculous of me to pay him 110 dollars for something I could do myself. He started arguing with me that the only way to start the scooter is with the magic start switch that he HAD to install) and waving in my face that I should already owe him 55 dollars but out of the kindness of his heart he wouldn't charge me the amount that I would have had to give him for probably not even touching the scooter besides walking it into the building from outside and then walking it outside from inside. If you have a scooter that needs working on, there is a scooter place a quarter of a mile up the road from them. Everything that happened here displayed a few things to me: first, they don't know anything about electricity. Second, they don't know anything about mechanics. A real mechanic could start it and have a rough idea of what was wrong with it before having to repair a bunch of things that aren't even wrong with it in the first place. If I could give it negative stars I would. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE.
5	Great Service - Great Prices!The people who work here know what they're talking about and won't fix something that isn't broken. In fact, if you're doing something wrong, they'll show you how to do it right.While I was waiting for my oil change; I wandered around the show room and spotted some really cool new syles available from really good Taiwanese Brands. If you want something that's not on the floor they'll order it for you, same day.[If you don't know, Chinese brands are TERRIBLE and super cheap; BUT TAIWANESE brands are great -all the best manufacturing in the world occurs in Taiwan and Japan; semi-conductors/computer chips/engines/scooters -FYI]When I got my scooter back, it ran better than ever! -It cost $30 for an engine oil change, transmission oil change and break check.....now I want the laid-back Cali. touring scooter for cruising Tempe this summer (brand new it's under $2K for a 125cc!!!!!wow!!!)
5	I had an e-mail response to my post, who says that they don't trust the products or service at Scooter Invasion. So I feel the need to explain:1. The Taiwanese engine is what you are looking for. If extraneous parts are made in China (welcome to globalization, every vehicle you buy will have some of it made in China) it's not cause for alarm. The important parts are made in Taiwan. 2. Some Assembly is required once these bikes arrive and the repair shop knows what it's doing. I trust Scooter Invasion to sell a quality product, because I have one that I drive everyday.  [NOTE: "Chinese" scooters are not worth the shipping cost so they send them here to be assembled by the "dealers" (similar to IKEA packaging) and you are relying on the "dealers" to make sure the product is assembled correctly.]3. I was never over-charged or talked into anything I didn't need at Scooter Invasion. They actually talked me out of a service the last time I was there and saved me some money. [If you want to have someone make you feel special and then really know what being overcharged is like, visit the Yamaha dealership. They'll give you free bottled water and tell you all about their trips while they justify their brand name price tag.]4. If you can't afford retail prices (you want to spend less than $1,800) you can always buy used and have your bike fixed up like new at Scooter Invasion.I recommend Scooter Invasion, because I've been driving a scooter for the last 7 years and I feel Scooter Invasion service was the cheapest and fastest service I've ever had.. I've owned/driven Yamaha and Vespa and I still love my Buddy 125. I've driven thousands of miles from long trips up the Taiwanese coast for fresh seafood, to daily driving in Taipei/San Francisco/Berkeley/Phoenix/Tempe traffic. It's experience I speak from.
1	DONT GET CAUGHT IN THE TRAP! This place has no idea what they are doing. Robert the owner does not care about customers and his shop does not know how to fix scooters. I recently purchased a scooter from a 3rd party and after parking it in my garage the first night I noticed oil spots on the concrete in my garage. So I went online and called the closest place (here) they said they would need it for few days to look at it, so I loaded it in my truck and took it to them. After 2 days I called to follow up and they said they found the problem and it was common with this type of scooter that the problem was an o-ring and a seal. So they said they put a new o-ring in and sealed it but it needed 24 hours to dry. They said they would call me the next day to let me know when I could get it. They never called me the next day, I had to call them and then Robert said "Oh I was just about to call you, it's ready." I paid $152 for the service and he told me the leak was gone. The same day I got back home with it I took a ride and the leak was back. I was confused and called them the next day, Robert said well maybe it's a fuel leak or oil leak from somewhere else but we'll look at it again bring it back. I took it back and I asked him to look at it right away so I wouldn't have to leave it again for days and he said" You've got all these people ahead of you." I replied shouldn't I have a little priority since its back for the same reason and you guys haven't fixed it yet. He then said he would "try" and look at it that day but couldn't work on it. He called me back late that night and said that a fill tube was overflowing and this time they cleaned the entire under carriage and drained the fill tube and said it wasn't a gas leak. He said that they drove it and parked it and there was no leak to be found so it was probably just because it was dirty under there that it was still leaking. When I picked up the bike he told me that there was a $55 charge. I didn't think this was right because I brought it back in for the same problem. He wouldn't budge and said that they don't work for free. Well the next time I rode it, SAME PROBLEM leaking again. Well at this point I don't want to keep taking to this place because they have no idea what they are doing. So I called Robert and he said there is something else wrong with it, or because I am riding it too hard??? Really it's a scooter. I told him I wasn't happy because I'm out of pocket $200 and the problem still exists. He was rude and told me that I couldn't expect his mech to work for free and that it could be anything, but he's supposed to be the expert. I told him all I know is I brought it to you because of a leak TWICE and it's still leaking and I am out of money with no solution. He said I don't know what you want me do about it. So I asked for him to make some kind of concession for all of this, I wasn't even asking for a full refund. Maybe a partial refund or even do some work to find out what the problem is. But his response was "No Way", we don't work for free. Well a small refund of a hundred dollars or so might have saved you thousands, because now people will see this post and think twice before they take their scooter in. Good luck to you.Wow, I should've look up all these bad reviews on them before taking my scooter in.  You can see there is a theme here, bad service, rip off and faulty repair/advice.
1	Lousy customer service. When I finally was acknowledged that I was alive and breathing in this guys store he was less than friendly. I asked about a battery, he gave me all the BS about testing it, charging me for this and that, or if I buy it he won't charge me to test it and he needs 2 hours to test it and all this crap. How much is a battery fool? Finally he told me. Can't believe he would not test the battery for free anyway. Well no buggy, cause I know it was dead cause I tested it. So I walked out. I can tell this place is BS. Nickel and dime ya to death. I can tell from all the reviews I am not the only one who thinks this place sucks a ball. Just was not treated well and felt like I was bothering them. I will go to someone else. Almost brought it in for service. YIKES!!! Good thing for the reviews and my lovely visit!
5	Nice shop, very helpful to me and very quick to repair my scooter!!!!!  Good selection of scooters also!!!!!
2	Wish I could provide a better review, but it just isn't there.The good:He allowed me to bring my dog into the store while I looked/talked.  This is nice when vendors allow pets.  However, Delilah apparently had the same vibe regarding the guy as I did - creepy.  For me, it was the attitude and that he was obviously packing heat.  Kinda felt like he's the kind of guy that is looking for any reason to pull it out.  He offered a couple of brochures.The not good:Creepy vibe, and did a hard sell.  Also gave bad information regarding sidecars based on my other research prior to and subsequent to the visit.  I wasn't testing him - I wanted genuine guidance.  Didn't trust his at all.I was visiting from out of town, and mostly just 'looking', but if I lived in the area, no way would I go back here.
4	I've been in twice in the past week shopping for a scooter. This is the first showroom I went to and I was happy with everything - I was greeted, questions answered, received out-the-door quotes on a few different models with no pressure. I wish they had more colors. I will probably purchase the scooter from them, just because they gave me such good information and their prices are fair, maybe I can talk them down a bit....will report back.
1	Bad
5	Having seen some of the prior negative reviews, I was a bit apprehensive about taking a scooter to Scooter Invasion for some repair work (not many choices for such work in the Phx area). However, the work was done quickly, well and economically, and when a minor problem was noticed after picking the scooter up, it was re-worked and fixed at no additional charge. In short, I was happy with the work, and would take my scooter back there again.
2	took my scooter to get serviced here. worst experience ever,  I had read the bad reviews but still decided to try it out. My scooter has an oil leak, he told me it would be $55 for the first hour to find out where it was leaking from and call me to see how to proceed. He called me 2 days later and told me that there was a big leak, which I understood. But then he told me that the twist throttle was broken so they removed it. Something that had nothing to do with the leak.  Now I can't ride my scooter because the throttle is stuck.  He says they didnt break it, he blamed on me. I had half a tank when I took it to him, when I picked it up it was on empty. I don't recommend this place to anyone. They're just looking to make money off you.
2	Update on my previous review: Without any mechanical experience on cars much less motorcycles,  I was able to fix the problem this shop told me they couldn't fix.  They recommend buying a new throttle valve, turns out that it was the actual cable that was messed up. These guys don't know what they are taking about.  Robert the owner knows nothing about fixing scooters. How can you stand behind your mechanic if you don't know what you're doing.
4	very nice business they take care of my scoot and very reasonable prices the owner makes me feel a little bad cuz i dont take proper care of my baby but i need that kick in the pants if your interested in the scooter life give them a try
1	Extremely rude and unprofessional, not to mention they do not know what they are doing. I took my scooter in for a check up and asked if they could fix my oil leak since it had been leaking all over my driveway for a while. They said they would not fix the leak because "it would take too long and be too much work". I don't understand how this place is still in business.
5	Stopped in to have my tires checked because my scoot was riding funny. Turns out the rear tire had no air and Robert checked it and put the air in promptly. He also told me something I didn't know about the recommended maintenance and I will go back soon to have that service done.They also carry some great new scooters, so check them out. I considered a Sym (one brand they carry) before I bought my used Yamaha, they are fantastic scooters. Spend the extra money to buy a quality scooter from a quality place. Locally owned and operated place, please support them.
5	Having looked at several scooter and motorcycle dealerships I decided to purchase my new scooter from Robert at Scooter Invasion. The first thing I would mention is that this was the fastest motor-vehicle purchase I have made EVER! Robert's business is selling great bikes...not extended warranties, not GAP coverage, not tire warranties, not small print...just great bikes. He won't waste your time, pressure you or up-sell you on financial or warranty products you don't need. Makes me wish he sold cars and large appliances too!Second, he's a SYM dealer, which is a very reputable brand all over the world. SYM has been around for a long time and made many Honda Motorsports products under contract for years. The build quality of the SYM bikes is equal to any Japanese bike you can find. Robert is also a man of his word. He quoted me a great price if I paid cash up front, and said it would be ready for pick up by a certain date. I came back a couple weeks later and he honored the quote and the bike was delivered right on time, just as promised. No bait-and-switch, no surprise charges or fees.He also answered all of my questions regarding the cost for getting the bike serviced, including new tires, batteries and fluid changes. I've owned many bikes over the years purchased from large dealerships and I can tell you that Robert's prices are VERY competitive. When it comes time for service on my new scooter or to trade-in or upgrade to a bigger bike Scooter Invasion will be my first stop!
1	If I could give this place 0 stars, I would.I went to get my scooter fixed here because it wasn't starting. They called me, said they had looked at it, charged me $55.00 found nothing wrong. At this point, I was a little suspicious.I drove the scooter out of their parking lot, and within minutes, it stopped working. I spoke to Robert and he refused to give my money back.JUST DON'T GO HERE. It's not worth the headache, spend your money elsewhere, and get your scooter fixed somewhere else.
1	Wanted to update: After Robert gave me a run around, I figured I would just take a look at it. I managed to fix the problem my self, it was an issue with the throttle and just needed tightening. I fixed it and it hasn't had a problem. I'm not EVEN that savvy with scooter engines or parts.
