3	I am not quite sure what the heck was going on at this place.  First off, I do not venture out to the west side too often but my fiance and I were visiting with some good friends so we decided to grab a late bite to eat.  The only place we could find open was Cocono's.  The staff was a bit strange, like quite possibly on muscle relaxers??  We asked 3 times for water and our appetizer was forgotten and the server was confused on why we never got it?  Maybe b/c she never brought it out?  I dunno.  But surprisingly the food was really good!  I had the Beef Machaca and it was delicious-- this is why I gave 3 stars.  The food was good.  The service was not.  It could have been because it was pretty late to eat dinner and they all popped some muscle relaxers right at 10pm so when we got there about 10:15, the pills were kicking in.We had a pretty good laugh about it though and the night was still enjoyable b/c the company was good, we had some drinks and we enjoyed the food.
1	Okay I know that this place is closed, so writing a review is pretty much moot..... but what the hell, I'm in a sharing mood.Dear.Sweet.LORD. THE WORSTI MEAN ****WORST**** restaurant experience I have ever had. EVER.It's been closed for quite some time now, and my memory is failing as to exactly every detail...but let's see what I can come up with..Party of 4, we walked in and there was no hostess. Other patrons milling about, also waiting. Some woman with a baby bottle kept walking up front and grabbing stuff, leaving w/o talking to us. Finally she said "someone" would be with us shortly. We're seated. Throughout the HOURS that we sat there, we were consistently (more than once) give the wrong dishes, no water, no chips, and no refills on drinks. It took an act of CONGRESS to track anyone down. Finally, mid-horrific-evening, we flat-out asked someone "Do we even HAVE a server?!" because everyone who walked by either ignored us or said they'd take care of something but never did. Their answer? No! They ACTUALLY said no! Great. So hours pass, and the man is getting heated by now, not to mention the people who suggested it (other half of our party) are embarassed. Owner/manager seems to be the only one trying to help the ENTIRE restaurant - but he's still doing a poor job. He makes excuses about "5 of his waitstaff" calling off that night. Uh huh. by the way - the food that we DID get was decent.Anyway, more time passes and we notice other tables getting up to ROAM the place for the manager, a server, anyone! So our friend gets up and does the same thing. He reams the manager about our experience, what we were charged for and never recieved, so on and so forth..... Manger gives us a 50% off bill. We shouldn't have even paid that. The entire thing should have been comped. Honestly, I don't look for freebees, but this was the most outrageous experience I have ever seen. We left zero tip.Felt a little sorry for them, but like Kevin H. said, it is not surprising that they went down, and quickly.
5	Umm, I know this place has been closed for years, but they had some of the best food I've ever eaten.  If anyone knows a good substitute, please let me know!Lol, gotta love how these other low reviews only complain about the service.  I'm sorry, I go out to eat to EAT, not to be waited on hand and foot.That being said, I had no complaints on the service or the food.  Every time I went there, I was personally greeted by Chef Moises, who had a definite passion for his food. We were often given free samples of new dishes and salsas, and though short-lived as this place was, there always seemed to be something new on the menu.  Their salsas and sides were extremely unique, and every thing I tried was bursting with flavors I'd never experienced before or since.I've been trying to find something similar to it, but keep coming up short.  As far as I'm concerned, this place is sorely missed.  If you know where I can find Puerco Pibil and Mole this good anywhere else, please share!!
