5	This place is right accross the street from sls casino in the same parking lot as the iconic mcdonalds and convenient 7/11. I work at sls casino so im looking foward to getting my foot massage fix after standing on my feet all day after work. The thai restaurant next door is pretty good as well.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. The lady was sleeping when I came in. I asked about the Yelp special and she had no clue what I was talking about. She said I needed a coupon. I proceeded to show her the check in special and she still was unsure. She said she had to call to make sure. I walked out.
5	I'm a regular at the Thai restaurant next door and thought I stop by and try them out. I found my new favorite place for a foot massage. After a long day of work I need it and i feel so much better. This place is consistent, reasonable and relaxing! And lunch or dinner at the thai place next door is an added bonus.
5	Nice place! I went there at night, after a long day's walk, I felt very tired. So need relax. Very good massage I enjoyed it,when finished I get much better. Thanks so much,love it ! Will go back~
5	First of all, I rarely, if ever, submit reviews but this place deserves this!!In for SEMA and walked a couple thousand miles last couple days. My entire body was aching and I didn't think I could go another step. Yelped massage and this place came up. Don't do a lot of massages and the ones I do are the spa type places so was a little leary about one in a strip mall. Also felt a little strange when I walked in and all lights out, no music, no water sounds, a bunch of beds in dark room and one person there. BUT.......this place is awesome. Another masseuse showed up and I had the absolute best massage I have ever had, period. Massaged my neck, back, head, crawled on me, soaked and massaged my feet, it was awesome. Also have to mention how very clean this place is. I will be back.I feel like a million bucks. But the best part was price. An hour for like $35. Leaves a lot of room for a big tip. So I did. It was worth every bit of it. If I come back to Vegas, I'm coming back here.
