3	Order online and track your delivery!  Except it was 20 minutes later than the tracking said they left the store.  Dominos is pretty consistent with their pizza.  We ordered 2 medium 2 topping pizzas $5.99 each and then $9.99 for 14 wings.  Bill came to $26 so I am guessing there was a delivery fee which I failed to check. Pizza #1 - Thin crust, extra bbq sauce, chicken and pineapple.  It was perfect.  I wish I had some right now.Pizza #2 - regular crust, extra Robust tomato sauce with jalepenos and pineapple.  It was pretty good though I preferred the other.Wings - Spicy and "slimy".  I don't know what it is with these places.  Seems I have only had non-slimy wings from our friends at BWW. Hm.  (anyways grilled them up and they were better)All in all this is Dominos-nothing real special -just the usual chain place pizza. Nothin too crazay.... its just a "quick lets order some fast pizza cuz I don't want to cook right now" place.
5	This is chain pizza place...so you cant compare it to a traditional specialty pizza parlor..i.e. Mom and Pops place.As a chain pizza place, the quality is pretty good. Really cant complain.I've order pizza here many time...Melissa is usually the one making it. She does a fantastic job!Service:GoodPresentation:GoodQuality:Good (its a chain pizza place). Just like you cant compare Taco Bell to a authentic Mexican restaurant. So far no issues.From order to pick up is usually about 15-20 minutes.5/5 for a chain pizza parlor!!!
1	Burnt nasty food, missing key ingredients like the meat on the Philly steak...c'mon. Regardless if it's late and you're itching to go home, poor food and poor service is unacceptable. Your job is not hard. I'm pissed I even left a tip. It's only because I'm a server that I know how much tips help...not ordering from here again.
4	When it comes to pizza delivery, flip a coin, because your experience will change daily.  Overall, I'm not disappointed.  It has to be pretty bad. Pizza is hard to screw up, because even overcooked is really extra crispy lol, so I don't mind. Unless my pizza is charcoal, or missing ingredients, I'm happy.Delivery is prompt and food is tasty.  Happy to have a gluten free option too.
1	Disgusted. My first and last time ordering from this dominos. I ordered HOT wings and got REGULAR soggy fatty wings. I could have probably saved money by making my own or throwing some frozen hot wings in the oven from the frozen section of the grocery store. My pizza which was thin and crispy looked like a card board burnt disc. Sad this what I ordered to feed my son for lunch. Never again. Ill stick with pizza hut.
1	I ordered HOT WINGS and got REGULAR FATTY WINGS. My pizza looked like a card board burn disc. The lady on the phone always RUDE. I will never order again.
4	pizza is pizza in most cases and it's true here.  i like the prices and they've never gotten my order wrong.  :)  i'll keep going back.
2	Called in an order ahead of time for 2 pizzas w/ 2 toppings.  Guys/gals couldn't get it right and are making me late having to wait another 15 mins to remake a single pizza.  At the time I placed the order, I confirmed which toppings were to be on each pizza. They had repeated it back to me correctly and quickly hung up.  I dropped 1 star for this as I didn't even get an apology when they started making the re-do. They just asked if I wanted to take that pizza home with me. ??? WTH?The place is clean and kept. Parking is a cinch just outside the doors. Employee did greet me upon arrival, but that was pretty much it except for me bringing it to their attention that my order was wrong.After they provided me with my correct order, the guy who made the pizza came out from behind the counter and gave me a half assed apology. He tossed in the incorrect pizza along with my other 2.
1	Let me start by saying I love pizza. I eat it about 1-2x a week. I'll eat at the local shops and the large chains and places like Costco. I hate Little Caesar's pizza and now i hate Domino's too. I decided to give them another try on account of my mother in law giving me a $10 gift card. I tried their 3 topping carryout special and got 2 pizzas. Now I got a bunch of pizza that the trash can will eat. The crust was gross and was over seasoned. It's kind they are hiding the lack of quality of crust with an overabundance of seasoning. The same ad a stinky teenage kid does with to much cologne / body spray. It'll probably another 5+ years until I decide to torture my taste buds again. This was a bad choice. Do yourself and the local economy a favor and buy from one the bazzillion local pizza places, all of which will take a hundred times better than the crap I'm attempting to digest right now!
1	I will say, I LOVE PIZZA. I order pizza 6 times or more at week. ALWAYS, ALWAYS DELIVER GIRL FORGOT SOMETHING, MY WINGS, MY SODA, ALL the time!!! Change my order, forgot my coke, I'm tired of this. I will never order again from here. I'm done. You lose a REALLY a good costumer!
4	N Durango Dominos rocks!!!!! They are always fast on the delivery and the food is hot and prepared well.  Good for you Dominos having well trained people!!!!!
