2	A friend invited me to accompany her for a two night stay a few weekends ago.  We were staying as guests, not time-share -- apparently the same property offers both as options, based on the literature handed out during check-in.This so-called "luxury villa" is touted as including: "a fully equipped kitchen, spacious living area, fireplace, whirlpool tub, and entertainment center with stereo, 5-disc CD changer, and DVD player.""It's the perfect spot for a Las Vegas vacation!"Not so much.  High points:-- gated access with marginal security (let us in when we said we were checking in; waved us through when seeing a pass-shaped piece of paper on our dashboard after that)-- manned front desk-- instant access to a manager on demand-- resort atmosphere-- punch in a pitcher on check-in-- two story wood-frame blocks, much like apartment buildings, but with additional hotel room key access to each balcony / entry areaLow points:I am a big stickler on fire safety issues.  So when the fire alarm went off during the Saturday afternoon of our stay, I helped my friend dress and get outside, then went to investigate the source of the alarm.  This is complicated by the fact that my friend has some mobility issues and the management knew it, as we asked about handicapped parking and for a first floor room on check-in.A staff member walked past, totally unconcerned with the fire alarm going off and blaring, with my friend stumbling to support herself against a lamp post.  I asked for his help; he said, "I'm housekeeping, not my problem" and walked off.  Note: he had a radio and spoke good English.WRONG ANSWER.  VERY WRONG ANSWER.  Fire safety is the responsibility of every employee at a hotel.  So my friend sat impatiently in the car with my laptop in her lap while I went back in and called the front desk.  They said they didn't know about the fire alarm and didn't know what to do.  (!)  I asked to speak to a manager; they said, "Call Resort Services at x####."  I did so, firmly resolved that my next call would be to 911 and the fire department.To their credit, Resort Services got me a manager immediately.  The manager confirmed that there had been a fire alarm, that it has been a pull box alarm, and that Maintenance was on scene and investigating.  As we were speaking, the fire alarm shut off.  It turned out about 15 minutes later, after I circled the building and found the fire panel and an employee working on it, that a small child had seen a red box marked PULL and yanked on it.  It happens.What isn't supposed to happen is that both a housekeeping employee and the front desk take a "manana" attitude to a fire alarm activation.  I would not choose to invest money in this property, which is what a timeshare is.As I was staying with a friend, I can't speak to the price vs. value of the property.  Everything promised was there: DVD player, towels, a surprisingly well-stocked kitchen (the pitcher and blender was a nice touch!).  The Wi-Fi costs seemed a little excessive, but this is a vacation spot.When we got back in the hotel room, I took another look at fire safety.  The room was not sprinklered and the pull box was out in the hallway.  There was a fire extinguisher in a kitchen cabinet, but no sticker indicating that a fire extinguisher was inside.  All exits to the room faced one direction: door, bedroom window (nearly impossible to get out of due to wooden slats as shades) and the main room window (giving out onto a gravel bed).Why so serious, you may ask?  Because you have two to three minutes (120 to 180 seconds) to get out of a building on fire, or you will be overcome by dark smoke, choking fumes and superheated gases.  When sleeping in an unfamiliar place, especially in a shared accommodation with lots of kitchens (and thus lots of opportunity to leave something on the stove, in the microwave, etc), this is a big deal.It is saying something that I felt safer in an old school San Francisco highrise hotel, where everything was clearly marked and labeled and the front desk was on the ball, than I did in a two story wood frame building.This review may not be the world's best PR, but I added the premises to the Yelp listings to write this review, so I suppose it balances out.
5	Loved my stay. Booked on line and not sure what we would receive. Perfect for a family that wants to stay off strip. Units here spacious and well equipped. Service was top notch. I was surprised at all the little touches. Felt 5 star
2	Only a couple of miles from the strip and looks great until you stay here. Internet is really slow. No big deal if they offer it for free but we were charged $40.00 for wireless access.  We stayed in a downstairs unit.  The upstairs had guests that were bouncing around until 2 in the morning and then started again at 7:00 a.m.  We called the front desk and complained and they referred us to security who did nothingl  When we called the third time we were told that the guest told them it was regular walking around noise from the kids.  I've stayed in a lot of hotels and a lot of timeshares and this is the first time that I've ever called to complain about noise.  This place was louder than a l college apartment. Noe:  I'm not a retired person who goes to bed at 8:00. I'm someone in his thirties who doesn't want to deal with non-stop noise while on vacation.Concierge service is terrible.  We traded timeshare for this week.  Usually you are greeted with a packet of informaton on the property and information on local activiites.  They promised to drop it off on the first day, and then on the second day.  We are on day four and still no information.I can see why this place is rated as a two star in the book.  Never again
5	If you're willing to venture off the strip to find accommodations, then you get lucky finding hidden gems like this Westgate community. I was looking for a cheap-ish room the weekend of EDC/the Pacquiao fight and stumbled upon a room here for $90 (no resort fees; tax included) that Saturday night. I was half expecting a sketch high-rise condominium, but come to realize that this was the nicest and cheapest (dismissing the Yelp deal I got for the Platinum) room I have ever booked in Vegas.If I could give a star for each of the luxury, yet basic, features of this villa complex, I would be 9 stars too short, according to Yelp! ratings:* Gated community landscaped with gorgeous scenery and a flowing river - only guests can enter with a parking pass * 3.2 miles off the strip, on Flamingo Blvd...hence the name* Complimentary shuttles to 4 stops on the Strip + shuttle trips for grocery runs* Practically brand new, immaculate, unoccupied villas - 1000 + sq ft. * Full kitchens - utensils, dishware, measuring cups, pots, grater, blender, fridge, oven* Laundry/dryer units (in deluxe rooms) - $1 detergent at the front desk* Dining room separate from the living room - complete dining table set* iPod dock and speakers in living room - great for kick backs!* Classy restroom with marble counter and granite flooring and showers but no tub D: reason being...* Jacuzzi tub for 4+ in the bedroom!!* Each grouping of 4 villas gated off and accessible by room card* Parking right in front or really close to room* Gym room, horseshoe pits, putting green, pool, community hot tub, plenty of BBQ grills* Affordable room serviceAn awesome place to stay whether over the weekend or over a week! If longer, expect to bring your own amenities (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, lotion) ... they give one day's worth. Also, dont expect the most amazing guest service, such as bell service or a welcome/follow up call. I didn't even get a welcome email, but that was probably because i booked through a 3rd party, but i didnt mind...the villas spoke for themselves. I'm sure on a typical weekend, Westgate can easily accommodate for early check-ins. But on peak, sold-out weekends, like the day I stayed here, units are available by 3 pm.We booked only one night, but wished we stayed here the entire duration of our EDC weekend... but then again, we may have been too comfortable living here to leave!
4	There is really nothing remarkable about this place. It is nice but kind of old. Kept up pretty well but it could use some work. We had a two bedroom unit towards the back. Nice and quiet but only 150 feet or so to the pool. Unit is nice. Has a full size washer and dryer. Beds were very comfortable. Kitchen just had the basics. Dishes, glasses for 4 and a blender, coffee pot and a couple of other cooking pots. No filters for the coffee pot so bring your own. Also no salt and pepper so bring those or go buy them here. Soap for one load of laundry is providedOld tube type tv's, (No HD here!) Nothing really bad though and  the staff was helpful. Check in is 4PM. I wouldn't recommend trying to check in early unless you are just renting for a night or two. If you are staying for a week like we did they take your phone number and say they will call you when the room is ready and at 4PM I went to check on our room and the paperwork was on the desktop and the desk clerk gave me the (We were just going to call you) line. Ya sure, you betcha. Anyway. This place has a great location. Just go east on Flamingo and in 5 minutes you are at Caesars Palace. You are 5 minutes from an Albertson's, (Jones and Tropicana) Walmart (Spring Mountain Rd and S Rainbow Blvd) and there is a Smiths which is just like a Ralph's or QFC just down the street at Jones and Flamingo. At Jones and Flamingo (about 1,000 ft) there is the Smiths, an Arby's, US bank, Shell Gasoline,  a couple of Restaurants, (Jackson's has a $12.95 16 oz Rib Eye and cheap beer) and a 7-11 for odds and ends.So the location is great, the place felt secure as the entrance is guarded and the property is fenced.. The pool is very nice surrounded by palm and pine trees so there is some shade. Pool towels are provided.Wifi is available for $39 a week and the signal is pretty fast. Only one computer at a time is allowed on your account so if you try to surf using wifi on your smart phone instead of data while the laptop is on you are out of luck. Now if you could add software to turn your laptop into a Hotpoint then everyone in your party could surf at the same time. Just something to thjink about.their "business Center" is just a computer and printer by the front desk. You pay by the minute and $.50  per page to print so you had better figure at least $5 just to log on and print your boarding pass. There is also an ATM there but they charge $.50 to access your cash.All in all I would recommend this place. Don't have real high expectations and you will have a great time. Just plan on having a room with no view and no deck. There are only a few rooms that over look the pool so don't count on getting one. other wise, close the drapes and go have fun.
4	I was recently in Vegas for my wedding and had quite a few family and friends along for the ride.  My immediate family (14; 10 adults, 4 children) all stayed at Westgate Flamingo Bay and we couldn't have been more pleased!Upon arrival we immediately fell in love with the resort!  The grounds were superiorly maintained and very pleasing to the eye!  They had fountains and small little waterfalls flowing towards the front and the outdoor pool and spa were very nice (we spent a lot of time in the 8 days at the pool!).  Once we got to our room we again fell in love!  It was a spacious two bedroom (children had their own bdrm with two Qs, my wife and I had a master bdrm with one K and a large jacuzzi and walk in shower).  The unit was clean and well furnished (we were missing a toaster but a quick phone call and delivery took care of that).For our wedding we rented out their spacious sales room and Westgate was extremely accomodating!  They allowed us full access to it and even provided a nice VERY large grill for our cookout!They also have a shuttle that takes people to the strip from 5pm - 1am (we wish these hours were extended to earlier in the day but we understand) and pick up every hour as well.  This came in very handy for my family.I also ordered something online upon arriving and Westgate made it VERY easy to get it delivered to the property and get it to me (brought it right to my door!).The only two negative things we experienced was our fireplace was out of order and required maintenance to come up and fix it (which they did very quickly!) but unfortunately it wasn't working the next night again (not a huge deal as it was warm while we were there).  The other was an issue with an alarm going off in the room next to us TWO mornings in a row.  I called the first morning and they shut if off but apparnetly left the alarm set and it went off the next morning (went off at 7am, we went to bed at 2:30am!).  The second morning I called it took them over 30 minutes to get it shut off.  Due to these events it received the four stars instead of the five it should have deserved.Overall we were pleased with our stay and do plan on staying here again in the future!
3	Our first time staying here with my family.  I like the security - gated community that is monitored by a guard at the gate.  Resort services were great.  I love Claudia's friendly voice whenever I called Resort Services.  When I need something, they were responsive and came almost right away. I have 2 gripes about this place:- My sons were playing and looking under the beds.  A few minutes later, they came to me and said that, "I found poop under the bed."  I came in and picked it up; it was a dried up mini sausage that has all shriveled up.  The maids should definitely clean under the beds and dressers, especially the parts that the customers can see.- Security came and checked on us because someone came to deliver a package to our room and my 8 y/o son answered the door and told the deliverer that I was taking a shower.  After my shower, security came by and said that someone reported that I was leaving my children alone in the room.  I told security that I was taking a shower, as was evident by my wet hair.  The security guy was happy with my response and left.  I would have rather that they trusted my 8 y/o's word and perhaps, if they doubted that, come back with the package and tried to deliver it again 10 minutes later, rather than calling security.Who would pay all this money just to leave their children alone at a resort?!  I can see the resort's concern, but they should have trusted people a little bit more.  Kind of leave a bad taste for me!  Instead of sending security, they should have come back with the package and also check to make sure that the children weren't alone.  The resort should trust the customer and give them the benefit of the doubt.
2	I agree, it's a very nice resort. However, their customer service is lacking. I probably should have listened to the negative comments. The one thing that bothered me was their policy of charging one night - not so much since every LV hotel does this. However, when I had to cancel, they don't respond by e-mail even though their confirmation said you can e-mail to cancel. I finally called and the person says it will take 5-7 business days to process and depending on when my bank applies the refund. I called 10 days later and now that person said it actually takes 7-14 business days. I know that at some point I'll get the refund but they are so quick to charge you and takes forever to refund your money back.  Customer service is key in this business. I'd rather stay at a different location next time.
4	We were recently in Las Vegas and stayed here and we were so pleased. Everything was perfect. The room was very clean and the jacuzzi tub worked great. The staff was very friendly. This place is about 5 blocks from the strip and they have a really nice pool and bbq area. It is also close to many stores so you can get things you need very quickly. I would recommend this place if you want to luxury of a suite with all the amenities without the price of staying on the strip. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because they would not allow for a late check out and 10 am is pretty early.
3	The 'resort' was more like a condo complex, but the living space was nice. The jacuzzi tub was worth the price of admission for sure - but be sure to bring your own bubble bath! Despite the other reviews, we had no trouble filling up the tub with warm water (each unit has its own VERY LARGE water heater, specifically for that tub!) and it didn't take long at all. Also - the room had updated flatscreen tvs on the walls, so that other review must have been out of date. Our unit was equipped with a cd/aux player, a dvd/blueray player, a washer/dryer combination and more. The one thing I wish I had known prior to arrival is what was in the 'fully equipped kitchen' so I wrote down the items for a future guest. It offered a toaster (in-room, no need for request), coffee pot, wine key, beer bottle opener, whisk, graters, can opener, pizza cutter, hot pads, potato masher, cooking spoons (slotted/regular), meat fork, spatula, casserole pan with lid (corningware-esque), pasta strainer, measuring cups, 13x9x2 glass pan, pot, saucepan, frypan, blender, pitcher, silverware, serveware (mugs,cups,plates,bowls for 4 guests), wine glasses (4).Enjoy the convenience of being 2 miles away from the strip. (though their shuttles only start at 5pm and go till midnight - so if you want to do some day shopping or sightseeing this isn't a good method for you - and cabs cost a minimum of $15 from the resort.Overall it was a nice stay, there was ample parking, the staff was friendly, etc. The downfall was the timeshare presentation. The presentation wasn't structured, the numbers didn't make sense (56k is the starting price for a 2 bedroom), and to try to keep you on the line the dragged it out and made you wait to talk to the next person before they would let you go. My 90 minute session took over 2.5 hours - and might I add that I am six months pregnant and was EXHAUSTED and STARVING by the time we were 'allowed' to leave. A little bit ridiculous! Their 'catch' was the owner referral program in which you could refer people to your timeshare (even those you don't know) and if they come to the resort to take a look you get a $25 credit, and if they buy a timeshare you get a $400 credit. HOWEVER. While we were there we were shown their portal (the logged in person was an employee for several years) and they had 1600 referrals in the database, only 36 of which had taken the trip and 4 of which had purchased. Seems like a lot of work for very little turnaround - its definitely one of those 'make money quick and pay off your timeshare' scams - that doesn't always pan out. SO - moral of the story, go! Enjoy your stay there! But don't get suckered in - if you go to a timeshare presentation, tell them you arent interested and that you havent liked your stay from the beginning. Maybe then they will let you out of this insane presentation before 2 hours! LOL.
4	This is where my wife and I's magical honeymoon came to be :) After 2 days on The Strip in a hotel room that was nothing what we wanted...we moved to this resort. I'm not going to lie: we actually first went to the Flamingo Hotel (Strip), valet the car, grabbed all our stuff, walked to the front desk (which was a really long walk), waited in a long line, got to the front desk lady...and no reservation was found? WTF? She 's calling around only to find out that the reservation was for The Flamingo Bay Resort. I didn't know there was another "Flamingo" in Vegas.Anywho, this place and everything about it, was amazing. We wanted a large jetted tub, we got one. We wanted a large king sized bed, we got one. We wanted a lower level room, we got one. We wanted to relax and enjoy our time together, we definitely did. The suites were as modern as you can get with a full kitchen, living room with technology screaming from the mantel above a working fireplace, and ample parking. The staff too was friendly and catered to our every need. The grounds were up-kept and easy to find your way around. Yes, it 's a few miles from the strip...but if you truly want a romantic experience with your significant other, or just time to get away from noise and craziness - this is it :)A star is missing because we waited in the recreation lobby for almost an hour before they called us for our suite. Yes, we got there early but the lady informed us it would be ready in 15mins.
4	We stayed here for 3 nights and I would say I am well qualified for the review. The first night we got here our room did not have any electricity so they sent us to another room and then that one didn't have any hot water.  We were coming off a 5 hour drive so everyone was tired.  Then they finally moved us into another room (3rd) and they did it right and upgraded us to a bigger room.Anyway, the room was awesome.  Very well decorated and modern.  The rooms come furnished with all the amenities (dishes, glasses, silverware, toaster, coffee maker..etc).  Very nice bathroom (full glass shower) and the toilet is the turbo-flush kind..operated by air..swoosh!! There's a full jet hot tub in the master (not the cheesy kind..full size..can easily fit 3-4 adults).  They provide plenty of towels also.  Basically just bring whatever you want to cook.  It's a full-size kitchen with all the utensils provided.Our's didn't have a flatscreen (some do) but there was a t.v in the main and master bedroom.  There is also a nice iPod/CD stereo system that provides plenty of music for the whole condo (no need to bring a speaker system).  There is also a DVD player if you want to watch movies.  There is also a washer and dryer inside the condo that is really nice and convinient.The staff was really friendly and accomodating.  I asked for towels and when we came back there was a big sack of fresh towels..perfect.  They seem very dedicated to keeping this place clean and comfortable.  When you see them polishing the ice machine at 06:00 am, that's a good sign.  Our kids loved thsi place. There is also an outside playground, pool, pin-pong table and big BBQ area (it was too cold for BBQ this time of the year though).If you are travelling with a few people and aren't here for the the LV Strip hub-bub craziness then this is it.  It was very relaxing..much better than staying in a cramped up hotel and dealing with all the smoke and craziness of a typical LV hotel.  We look forward to returning on our next trip back to LV.
2	My husband and I stayed here over the New Year holiday on a timeshare deal. Our major problems were with customer service (excluding the sales team who were all great and straight forward).  Our suite and the property itself was fine also.  There were a few minor things that could use some attention but overall okay.We were very happy with the fact that they offered an hourly shuttle to and from the strip so we used it often.  The shuttle driver though, was rude and not personable at all. On our first night we went to get on the bus and she (the driver), without looking up from the newspaper, opened the door only partially.  I waited a few secs for her to open it all the way so we could get on.  When I saw that was NOT going to happen I manually pulled the doors open myself so we could fit through the door.  She never looked up from the paper as we got on the bus and sat down.  Never said a word to us.  This behavior went on for the next two days.  She would pull up to pick people up and would just open the door...sometimes all the way sometimes not.  Every now and then she would ask someone how was their night, probably thinking that would suffice for customer service for the night.  Never smiling.....just doing her job driving the shuttle bus.We were'nt happy with how things went when we checked out.  In the lobby Don checked us out of our suite with no problem and then offered to check us in for our flight and print our boarding passes.  Great! (we thought).  As he's getting our information from us and entering it into the computer, he asked us how many bags were we checking in.  I answered one bag.  Don said it cost $31 for the bag which then I said that's weird because it's usually $25 and that's what it costs to get there.  He said well maybe it has to do with Las Vegas airport charges.  Umm...ok? We paid, Don printed our boarding passes and we were on our way to the airport.  Mind you, this was a long process due to the fact that Don and the other lady behind the desk were chatting it up and he even offered to help another customer as he was entering our information.  This all caught up to us when we got to the airport and checked in and the agent asked for $25 for our one bag. Of course we tried to argue that we paid when we checked out of Westgate and of course the agent said NOPE!  What we paid for was a seat upgrade....a seat upgrade we didnt want or need. So we paid the $25 and I immediately called Don at Westgate to get refunded or compensated for his error.  He immediatly went on the defense saying he chose 1 bag not a seat upgrade. After a couple of minutes of going back and forth he finally said well there's nothing he could do to reverse the airline charge.  I asked to speak with his supervisor and she repeated there was nothing she could do.  I had to go off on her for a minute AND suggest that she comp us some of the things we were charged while at the resort (she apprently couldn't think of this herself).It was only $31 and my hissy fit was more about customer service.  It started with the shuttle drive and then escalated being told there's nothing I can do for you AND that's after we bought property with these people.  Plus you dont tell a customer there's nothing you can do for them.  You apologize for your mistake and figure out what you CAN dor for them.  Which they did by taking my suggestion and reversed our internet use and tax charges.Even though we bought propery there, we already decided we will be using a lot of transfers!
4	If you don't mind staying a little further from the strip, then this is the place to stay! It's not going to give you that luxury hotel experience that you'd get from staying at some of the hotels in Vegas, but I was very happy with the experience.I went with a group of friends to Vegas a couple months ago, so we booked two suites for all of us for 3 nights. Each suite had a full kitchen, washer and dryer, two bedrooms (one with a king-sized bed [with a Jacuzzi!!] and the other with two queen-sized beds), and a nice living room with a flat screen tv, couch, chairs, and a dining table. It definitely had a very comfortable, home-y feel to it. Everything was clean and there were plenty of extra towels in the bathrooms. They also had a nice pool to relax and do some swimming. No glass allowed by the pool, but Solo cups are fine for drinks, if you know what I mean. ;) The pool is no Encore Beach Club by any means, but it's quiet and relaxing if you want to tan and doze off for a bit. :) I would definitely stay there again if we go back. My only complaint would be that they didn't have one of our suites ready by the time we checked in, and one of the doors to the bathroom had a huge hole in it, but Customer Service was really helpful in recording the damage and not charging us for it.
3	Stayed a week at the end of April, beginning of May. We used our free week from Interval International. My wife gave it 2.5 stars but I felt 3 stars was appropriate because there were quite a few positives. We drove here so we had a vehicle thus thought being off the Strip was great. They do have complementary shuttle service (which is fantastic) but they only went to Mandalay Bay and Treasure Island so it was limited. The friendliness of the staff was hit or miss, but mostly pretty good. The 1 bedroom condo itself was good sized and included a huge jacuzzi tub and a washer/dryer which we appreciated. It is a bit outdated and the furniture a bit tired though and the sofa bed was awful! Our friends had to buy a blow up mattress after 1 tragic night's sleep. The worst negative about our stay were the other guests. I have no idea why so many were rude, loud, and inconsiderate but we were woken up every day or night. Maybe we had bad luck but we've never seen so many rude people at a timeshare resort. On the positive side the pool area was nice and never too crowded and the gym, while cramped, had some decent equipment. Supposedly it's going to be expanded soon. In summary, although we would come back for the resort only, we would be gunshy because of the troubles we had with the other patrons.
4	We booked a two bedroom suite here for our trip to Las Vegas during EDC weekend last year. The price was a total steal ! Only $520 for three nights at a place that sleeps up to 8 people.Our suite came with one king bed, two queen beds, and one pull-out sofa couch bed.It also had a jacuzzi, walk-in showers, washer, dryer, two bathrooms, a fire place, a dining table, a full kitchen, full refrigerator,  free wifi, a music player and a lot of parking.Our suite was basically a two bedroom apartment. Which I really do believe that this "hotel" used to be an apartment complex. There are also bus shuttles, swimming pools and daily kid activities. This place is only 7 minutes west of the strip. Not too bad of a drive. It is more private and exclusive because the whole place is surrounded by a giant wall with gates. You can only enter the gates by showing your room card so make sure you ask for a few if you plan on having friend's stay with you or come by.Overall this place was clean and comfortable. I felt like I could live there.I would definitely book this place again if I had a large group to share it with.***CONS:Some people in our group bailed out so we wanted to "downgrade" to a one bedroom suite instead of two bedroom, and since it was already close to the date, they said it would cost MORE to DOWNGRADE to a one bedroom suite rather then to just stay with our two bedroom suite. I thought that was ridiculous that they wanted to charge more for a one bedroom, when they can easily rent out the two bedroom to other people for a lot more. But oh well.The second thing was that the jacuzzi did not have hot water. We kept it on for quite awhile and it only got to room temperature so that was quite a disappointment. But if you do plan to use it, make sure you buy your own bubble bath soap!
4	I stayed here with friends during EDC weekend.  I'd say it was a good spot to stay at although the parking can be limited if you come in a huge group with many cars.  We took up two of the upstair locations.  There were 2 rooms (one room had 1 king bed, another 2 queen beds), and a pull-out bed in each suite, along with a full kitchen and jacuzzi.  Two bathrooms total.  The place had cable too.  The place had a bunch of other things that we didn't use so I didn't pay attention to it.  Overall, this is a good spot to stay if you have a huge group needing a place to stay (ie. EDC).
1	Overall horrible experience. Will never be coming back and don't recommend to anyone. Here are a few of the problems we encountered: dirty rooms, awful customer service, and false advertising1. When we checked into our room there was ash all over the carpet and the room overall was not very clean. When I called to get someone to vacuum the floors I was told they would have to check with the front desk. This confused me, but I said okay. I was then informed that the room only get cleaned every 4 days and they would have to charge us to clean the room. I was shocked that they were telling me I had to pay for their incompetence and someone else's mess. Eventually they told me they would make an exception and send someone out. When I got back that evening there was no difference in the floor. It wasn't until I talked to the manager Loreal that I finally found someone who cared and took care of the issue immediately. The next day she was kind enough to move us to a clean room closer to the pool.2. Unfortunately while the new room we moved into was cleaner there was still a hair in the shower when we moved in. The fan didn't squeak like the one in the old room, but the doors weren't cut properly to fit the frames and were constantly getting stuck.3. "State of the art gym" can fit maybe 4 people. two cardio machines and one weight area in a corner. Anymore than 4 people and you are running into one another. Also, water is constantly almost running out and towels are gone half the time. 4. Pool is supposed to open at 7am. When I asked an employee to let me into the pool area I was told it wouldn't be open until 730 since he was still cleaning. I explained all I wanted to do was put my stuff down on a chair on my way to the gym. I was told this would not be possible. Then why aren't you getting here earlier to do your job on time? 5. "House keeping" doesn't come until 4 pm every day to just switch out the towels. They are "shocked" every time we are in the room showering at that time getting ready for the evening. Why they don't come earlier in the day is beyond me. 6. Their free shuttle is a joke. Ran a half hour late. Only people on the shuttle were going to the west gate flamingo bay resort, but for some reason they went to another location in the opposite direction before then returning to the pick up area and then the hotel. What should have been a 10 minute shuttle ride turned into an hour and a half loop.My recommendation for a resort experience is to go to the Mayan hotel at the end of the strip. Regretted not returning there and trying something new this year every day of our stay.
4	Venue: Westgate Flamingo BayDecor:  Apartment Style Service: For me & my party  - EXCELLENT Environment: laid back, relaxing, comfortable, private, security Food: N/A Prices: Fair, affordable Debbie Downers:  I wish the pool was open a few hours later before it closed in the evening Conclusion: A great alternative from staying on the strip, especially with family with small children.  You wouldn't even know you were staying in Las Vegas.  It was close enough in proximity to hit the casinos, major interstate and about 10 -15 mins tops from the airport  Right down the street from the Palms, Rio, Interstate & the Strip.  The staff was attentive, friendly.  Whatever requests we needed, they delivered.  Private parking in which most of it is covered.  They have daily activities for the kids, games, movie nights.  Putt-Putt, 1/2 court basketball, small gym.  The rooms itself was nice.   Furnished fire places.  Flat screen televisions in the living room & bedrooms.  Comfortable beds!  Washer & Dryer.  Private property, gated (one way in, one way out).  Felt secured, lot of  staff whether for amenities or security I would recommend that if you do book a room that you get on the second floor and stay in the back of the property (room numbers in the 1800s, 1900s or 2000s) as it was extremely quiet for great sleep.  Prior reviewers complained about  the noise and I believe that's because they were at the entrance where all that vehicular traffic from Flamingo.  Did the homework here on Yelp (and Tripadvisor) and saw that those who loved the property, they stayed in the back on the second floor.  While speaking to other visitors at the property who stayed there for the first time, they all loved it and it was a change of pace of what they were accustomed to.  It really gives a balance to the Vegas experience. Overall: B+ / A-
5	My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights for EDC weekend/our wedding trip this year. The rooms were gorgeous, I felt like I had rented a fully stocked apartment complete with washer and dryer. I was more than pleased. The jacuzzi tub was big and the fireplace was a very nice touch. The staff was super friendly and respectable,  they were pet friendly which was a main reason we chose to stay there, they gave us a little kit with some doggie waste bags and a treat.  When I needed more towels I called the front desk and they were brought to mu door within 5 minutes.  The shuttle was also very convienient with a ride down to the strip and back. The day before my wedding I noticed they had a limo service AT the hotel so I inquired as to whether I would be able to possibly use one to go to and from my wedding. She explained to me they usually dont do special events but she went ahead and set something up for me last minute and helped make my wedding day perfect. The prices were exceptional also. I did extensive shopping around before I made the reservation and for the 6 nights this place was ALOT cheaper than anything directly on the strip. And it came with full kitchen, washer dryer, etc. So needless to say, I got my full moneys worth out of my stay here and I wouldnt hesitate to go back.
3	Went there the rooms are very nice however out fireplace did not work and the bath jets did not work. Our room did not get service while we were there for 4 days. Good thing they have a washer and dryer. Going to the strip they have a free bus that will take you there and back but the last bus runs at 12:45am so you can't really enjoy the night life in Vegas and for this to be a resort you have to pay for internet and make sure you ask them to write down the code. Nice place for family's with kids or just a get a way. I would loved if it was closer to the strip!
3	Nice and quiet, peaceful and clean. Weird experience was a scorpion crawling up the drain and into my sink. Haha yes this happened.
3	Nice resort, great room, slow expensive internet, crummy bedI stay in a lot of resorts like this. As was the case here, they can be really great but what occasionally happens is that one or two things really spoil the experience.  The resort itself is really pleasant, inner courtyards, winding paths, lots of trees.  Though small, the pool and gym good.  Location is great, a short way off the strip with a regular shuttle. The suite was really good, nice and bright, plenty of room, big modern flat screen TV.  Staff pleasant and helpful.When I first got there, "ah this is a five star stay" I thought.Here's what irritated me and cost Westgate two stars.They wanted to charge me $40 for internet service for one device for the week. Given that I travel with my wife and we each have a laptop, an iPad and an iPhone, that's six devices so the internet service would have cost us $240.  On top of that it was slow (1.2MBs) and intermittent.  My wife's iPhone decided it wanted to do an update and it took 5 hours to download...Now to be fair, we were traveling on business and needed to be on the internet a lot, so good internet is a pre-requisite for us, probably more than the average traveler.It really bugged me though that they wanted to charge for internet and on top of that the service was poor!That would have cost them three stars, one for charging at all, one for charging on a per device level and one for charging for a very slow and intermittent service.   However I put back two stars as when I complained about it the manager gave me free complementary internet.You may wonder why I still took out one star.  That's because it was still very slow and of course if I were to go back there, I'd have the same issue.  So the issue was only band aided, not solved.What cost them the other star was that while the room was very nice structurally, the bed's mattress was past its prime, lumpy and dipped in the middle.  I work up several morning with a back ache.  In addition the bed linen was old and ill-fitting with no fitted sheet on the bottom.  Also the pillows were small, not proportional to the king bed, old and very lumpy.If Westgate people are reading this, here's what you need to do to be competitive and get five stars from me.  1. Obviously sort out the beds. 2. With regard to the internet, nowadays it's not okay to charge for basic internet any more than it would be okay to charge extra for TV, electric light or water. What you can do is charge for a premium service but not per device, that just irritating an unrealistic.  I'd be happy to pay $40 to upgrade to a premium (min 6MB) service and I would expect to be able to connect all my devices.There were other irritations such as noisy neighbors, heating repeatedly conking out and alarms going off in adjacent rooms however I just consider those par for the course when traveling.  The staff at least promptly fixed what they could.All in all I liked the resort and if they sorted out the issues above I would stay there again.
1	Don't waste your time and money becoming an owner. When you go to Vegas, you should try something new each time, and experience new places to stay. It's like groundhogs day there, even though your in Vegas. BORING!!
3	Rooms were spacious, the kitchen functional and well kept with dishes and some cookware. I enjoyed the fireplace. 5 min driving time to the strip which was nice. I'm giving it a 3 star only because our suite was on the street side, if you are the one sleeping on the sofa bed you will not sleep with all the traffic noise. They need to upgrade their windows and possible sound proof the street side suites.
