2	This is a review of Pinnacle's downtown location, not Fitchburg. I unfortunately signed up for a $67/month one-club only plan and when they lowered their prices to $65/month for all-club access, told me the only way I could get the better deal was to add 12-more months to my current contract.I don't think so, Pinnacle.This overpriced, tiny club is clean and the staff is friendly.  Not surprisingly, the locker room is almost always empty and there is little or no waiting for equipment.  The cardio classes tend to be good, although most of  them are sparsely attended.  Given the lack of interest by members, the schedule is actually quite robust.The only real reason to join this club is if, like me, you live downtown within walking distance. If you have a car and can drive, you have a much wider variety of better, less-expensive clubs available all over Madison.
2	This is a review of Pinnacle's downtown location, not Fitchburg. I unfortunately signed up for a $67/month one-club only plan and when they lowered their prices to $65/month for all-club access, told me the only way I could get the better deal was to add 12-more months to my current contract.I don't think so, Pinnacle.This overpriced, tiny club is clean and the staff is friendly.  Not surprisingly, the locker room is almost always empty and there is little or no waiting for equipment.  The cardio classes tend to be good, although most of  them are sparsely attended.  Given the lack of interest by members, the schedule is actually quite robust.The only real reason to join this club is if, like me, you live downtown within walking distance. If you have a car and can drive, you have a much wider variety of better, less-expensive clubs available all over Madison.
4	I am not sure where the people who criticize this plan typically work out, but Pinnacle seems to be an okay for the  Madison market. If your desired atmosphere is a farm of treadmills or a room of roidragers, then Pinnacle is not your place.If what you want is a clean, well-maintained place to sweat then Pinnacle is for you. I am on my third month of membership and have not had a negative experience at either location. I have taken group fitness classes and love every one I have done. Hits: Immaculately maintained (a nice contrast to my former gym which was always dirty.); not too busy if you go at the right times (I go at 530 AM and its basically a private gym. Not true at 5:30 pm.)Misses: Group fitness class schedule is fairly limited as far as class times go. Hints: TRX class is awesome and is functionally private training in a group setting.
4	Pinnacle has everything I want in a gym. Convenient location, a decent price and a friendly staff. The gym is very clean and has a nice atmosphere. There are plenty of machines and they all function properly.A great option if you live/work downtown.
4	It all began with a $50 groupon. Since then, I've become an official member. This place is always CLEAN, and very well maintained. Equipment is fairly new and not beat up. The classes are very fun. I recommend Body Pump and Insanity. This is not a very high traffic kind of gym which I like. The weight room is located in the lower floor and there are plenty of free weights and benches. If you work out between 1-3pm chances are you will be one out of a few people. I enjoy using the sauna and the whirl   pool. They are great ways to relax after a good workout.
