5	I was in desperate need of a pedicure! My polish was looking like i've been walking in the desert without any shoes on. So after work, i hopped in the car, and stumbled across this cute nail salon. Both the girls there were super duper nice and attentive. OH, and guess what... they spoke only english the whole time i was there! You know how you go into those nail salons and the whole time you're there, you feel like they're talking about you in their language. (Oooh i hate that!) The girl that did my pedicure gave me a great massage! While i was there, i chose to get a gel manicure as well. You can tell these girls have years of experience. It's been over 2wks and they look like i've just had them done. AWESOME! Both girls made me feel super comfortable like they've known me for a years. BEST NAIL SALON I'VE EVER BEEN TO!!! This is going to be my regular nail spot. YAY!!
5	This has been one of my favorite Nail Spa for the past year! Consistency , great friendly service are just few of the things that make me come back over and over again. Hue is my favorite person here, I don't think I could let anybody else touch my nails. She always has great ideas for new designs and she's super talented and friendly! Go see her for all your pedicure and manicure needs! You can also enjoy a great massage while you're here from their certified masseur John , either to relax or help you loose few inches with a great Parafango Treatment :)
5	Hue and Andee are AWESOME! I have been going to them for almost 2 years.
5	I have been going to Andee for over 3 years now and will never go to another nail place! She does the cleanest work there is & she cares about her clients!! I can't imagine anyone regret coming here!! You will not be disappointed!! I highly recommend her and her sister who also does just as good of a job!!
5	Got a pedicure about two weeks ago and my nails still look brand new! The owner was awesome! Get really bad ingrown toenails from my grandmother and she was so gentle with getting rid of them! Definitely going back !
