5	hulk like shop! hulk went to other shop and hulk had bad work for lots money by bad artist on drugs..hulk pay too much so hulk got mad and hulk  smash shop... hulk meet noelin and noelin fix tattoo of kitten for me on ass.. hulk no mad no more
5	I got my Koi Tat done by Noelin early of last year(2010). He was having this special promotion for the Haiti tragedy, you get a 1hr session for just $100. *but you only get 1hr of work done*. So of course I took advantage and got my appointment for my 1hr session for just $100 - I got a koi tat on my right upper arm. He was able to complete the sketch(from scratch) set up, and majority of shading all in one hour! I have a total of 4 tattoos on my body - the one I get most compliments on is my Koi tat from Noelin. Everyone always tells me how thin the lines are, shading is just right and after my tat was finished, I expected the be peeling and a little fade in the ink. but fortunately I had little to no peeling at all, and no fading. Its been over a year since I got my tattoo and It still looks like I just got it done. I have moved from Las Vegas but when I do go back, I will continue to go to Noelin for future tattoos, and to finish up my sleeve tat. If you are considering him for any art work I HIGHLY recommend him! He takes his time and gives you his honest opinion on it. However, he does require a down payment to schedule your appointment and he does book months in advance so I would suggest emailing him or stoping by and he'll email you back when he can and give you pricing and other information that you request.
5	Noelin is one of the most gifted artists I've met.  I looked for an artist for 3 years and finding Noelin was worth the wait.  He designed the most beautiful sleeve for me... freehanded most of it.  The linework and shading is incredible.  I couldn't have asked for more.  His private studio makes you feel very comfortable, good music, and tv .... all set up for you.  I highly recommend Noelin --- My sleeve gets noticed everywhere I go... people ask to take pictures and I love the attention :)Thanks Noelin... my mermaid, Poseidon, and sea horses are the perfect vision of my heaven.
5	I was introduced to Noelin through my husband who insisted he was the best....EVER. After sending my ideas and thought by email (we live in CA) we showed up to his private studio and he showed me the piece. Nailed it on the first try. It was amazing and exactly what I was thinking in my head. Noelin is an amazing artist does incredible tattoos. I recommend him to everyone I know.
3	Note!!! Appointment only! Made the mistake of driving over, thinking they take walk-ins!
5	Noelin is an awesome artist! Completely Profesional and does some of the best work! I plan on getting more work done next time I am in Vegas!
5	I've had two sleeves done by Noelin over the last 4 years. Clean, very professional and an awesome 1 man shop. I get compliments everyday about the colors and quality of the work. Definitely the place to go when planning a tattoo!!
