5	Woohoo! As good as it gets.
5	New location, same fabulous menu, friendly staff, awesome location.  Go there, you won't be disappointed!!!
5	Best Italian I've had in a LONG time. Veal Carciofini was fabulous. Chef Moreno has done a great job. Spinato's, eat your heart out!!
5	A regular at the 1st location and they nailed it!! So happy as quality, service and ambience are darn to exact. So much larger a big plus!! Rock on Times Square, Rock On!!
4	Plenty of choices to choose from. Stop by and try something. The calzone must have been really good because my dad ate it so fast I didn't even get a chance to try a bite. My linguini was amazing.
5	I finally tore myself away from the original location long enough to try this one, which opened about a month ago. I couldn't be happier, this location is everything the first location is, and more! It's bigger, newer, just as friendly and every bit as tasty as the original. Everything from my original review applies to this location: http://www.yelp.com/biz/times-square-pizzeria-phoenix?hrid=rwG7ckwfkDbFWho8-1h-XQ Thank you, Times Square!!!
5	My friend told me about this place, so I tried it...glad I did, it was really good.  The wait staff was REALLY nice.  I had the Eggplant Sorrentino.  It was my first eggplant experience..and it was really really good.  My friend, who recommended this restaurant, had the Veal Marsala, and loved it.  The veal was really tender, cooked just right.  Also, the kitchen is out in the open and they are definitely cooking everything fresh.  The place is clean.  The beer was nice and cold, and was served with a smile.  I will definitely be a return customer, and I recommend you go and form your own opinion.
5	Wonderful local Italian eatery.   Good variety menu.  We've tried several entrees and they are all great.   One of our favorites is the pastrami and swiss sandwich.   Best quality pastrami and an outstanding french roll!   All the servers are quite pleasant and efficient.   In short , we love this place.
5	My husband and I have decided to try and eat our way through the whole menu!!  Every dish is DELISH!!  We've had several different servers, and they are all so friendly, and go out of their way to make you feel like you're their only customer.  Shout out to Drew and Lisa....service with a smile and a funny comment.  You need to try this place, I swear you won't be disappointed.
5	Excellent calamari appetizer! Everything we had was wonderful. Our server Michael took care of us very well. The chef/owner Moreno came out to speak to us after the meal and it was very nice. The entrees were all enjoyed, but you should save room for tiramisu and canaloni.
5	Fried mozzarella is delicious. Great red sauce. Ok Alfredo, only tried it once but it was runny, not my preference. Gotta try it
5	We love the new Times Square!!! The food and service is awesome And keeps is coming back. The new location ROCKS :)
5	This is a must go place! I have been a regular at the Deer Valley location, and this lactation is just as good. Same great food, and same great people! This location has Moscow mules also! Excellent drink! I have never had a bad item from the menu! I typically get the fettuccine primavera or pollo marconi...been hooked on those ones for a while! Soooooo delicious! The lasagna is great, pasta emiliano, pasta giovanni, rigatoni alla laura...and so many more. You cannot go wrong. Great pizza, and you can order by the slice! Their breakfast is equally as good! Their French toast is my favorite! Save room for their breaded pudding...It is the absolute best! Times square is a must try. Both locations are great! Union Hills is a larger location, but still small and friendly! Come in and try it out! I guarantee you will not be disappointed!
1	I dined here after my boyfriend had previously brought home a pizza from this same place. We got some garlic bread, which was alright. And ordered the same pizza we had gotten before. As we started eating, I noticed that there was A BUG in the ranch I was dipping my pizza in. I took the bug out and put it on my plate. I showed the server and she went to tell her manager. A few minutes later she came back and told me that their ranch was kept in the fridge, already portioned. Essentially telling me that there was nothing they could do about the BUG that was in ranch because clearly it wasn't THEIR fault that the bug was in my food. The manager did not come and apologize, nor did she offer any kind of explanation. I never even met the manager. They didn't even offer to comp the meal. Needless to say, I did not continue eating after that.
4	Sat at the bar on a Thursday evening after work during happy hour and it wasn't busy at all.  Maybe due to it's location or the fact that it's still really new in the shopping center.  It's very nicely decorated and spacious once you walk in, sort of unexpected because of the shopping center itself.  Service was prompt and friendly!  I ordered a glass of Jellybean red wine blend to go with my Balsamic Chicken with sauteed spinach.  I had a hard time choosing between the Balsamic and Joe's special, which looked to be very similar on the menu.  The Balsamic was great, seasoned a lil strong, but still really good.  It came with two chicken breasts, a lot for me, so I took the second to go.  I'll definitely come here again to try Joe's special among other things like the bruschetta and pizza!
5	Half price bottle of wine Tuesday!  Absolutely wonderful service and dinner. Great location and friendly staff. Just as good as Times Square Deer Valley! Glad I came in!
2	Tried them for breakfast. Prices were good, Food was "ok", but service was terrible.We were seated by  the hostess and waited and waited and waited for someone to acknowledge our presence. Finally, just as we were standing up to leave, a server came over to take our drink order. (Not the place was NOT crowded or busy.)She made some excuse about the not seeing us, though seated right at the end of the main walk way.Our orders were taken and the food arrived. Again, it was "ok" - eggs cooked correctly, hash browns tasted good. Then we "tried" to pay our bill.Our server took my card and left. Again we waited and waited and waited for her return. Finally, I started to look around and to find her. I watched her take an extended order at another table, bus another table, then go into the kitchen and chat with a coworker. When I finally got up and started to head her direction she returned with my card.Maybe it was a bad day for them, but first impressions are everything.
2	I wouldn't classify this place as an Italian restaurant.  It is more like an east-coast eatery.  They serve cheese steak and beer and oily garlic bread and chicken wings.  Stuff like that.  My polla al limone was different from how I've had it prepared at actual Italian joints.  The lemon flavor was almost imperceptible, and the sauce more creamy than normal.  Also too much garlic.  They probably don't realize that they are supposed to bread the chicken, and then saute the mushrooms in the same pan with the breaded chicken.  That's how this dish ends up with a "creamy" sauce.  The breading sort of comes out into the oil, while the mushrooms let out moisture, and it turns out great when prepared in this manner.  There is not supposed to be any actual cream in it, but Times Square just pours in the cream.I dunno, I'm just not a fan of really heavy food or sports-bar-type food.  It would be OK if they would market themselves as an east-coast eatery, rather than an Italian restaurant.Other than that, the prices are normal and the service is good.
4	4.5:  Consistency is King in the restaurant world so in that vein, the King is alive and well at this new Times Square.  I've been a frequent customer at the original Times Square on Deer Valley road for the last seven years.  Although in all honesty, I usually get the same thing. Oh, I've tried the pasta (terrific), the pizza (excellent), Happy Hour (awesome value), breakfast (amazing) but my favorite is and probably always will be the Italian Super Sub (or Hot Italian, if you will-not that I am). This is one of the BEST sandwiches in town, stuffed with high quality meats and veggies and it's exactly like the version on Deer Valley.Not only is the food the same high quality, but the restaurant has the exact same vibe and fixtures as Deer Valley.  It's awesome to see a local restaurant have enough success at one location and be able to have a second one that is about twice the size-plenty of room for everyone so don't be shy.Great central North Valley location at 7th Street next to Goodwill (used to be an Osco Drug back in the day).  If you haven't been to either of the Times Squares (or as the PetSmart peeps called it, The Truck Stop), you really owe it to yourself to try it.  Fantastic Italian food.
5	I love this place! Very friendly staff and smiles all around! I love the fried mozzarella and calzones!! Would eat here everyday if I could!! Cameron was my server and he was excellent! I recommend asking for him as you're server!! Thanks Times Square!!
4	I have been dying for a Tiramisu! From anywhere, really... After our some what disappointing dinner, we jumped to this nice and cozy little place next to the one we were before and we were surprised. Good atmosphere for a Saturday night, clean and neat, great welcome and just overall "good vibe" place. But like I said earlier, we were here because I needed Tiramisu! We just looked through their dinner menu and ordered 2 glasses of wine, I did the Merlot for $7 a glass and it was decent, my husband had the Super Tuscan blend, $8 a glass. The dessert was delish (or I was just wanting it too much) and the wines were nice. The bartender was friendly and talkative. We'll be coming back soon, for sure!
4	Service is a little slow however, the staff is friendly and helpful.  The food portions are large and very tasty. Two cocktails, an appetizer and two entrees - cost $50.00.  They have a bar with TV's so you can watch sports. (Football is almost here.... YAY!)  I also went back for breakfast a couple weeks later.  Service was slow however, breakfast was delish and affordable. Note: you may want to double check your bill - we were charged for an item we never ordered or received.  Overall in my opinion, it's good Italian food and nice addition to the North Phoenix area.
2	The local Italian restaurant has a full bar and nice menu. Afternoon happy hour is only good in the bar area so if you are interested in the happy hour specials sit at or in the bar area. I tried the veal parm and it was over cooked. The food is very average compared to similar restaurants that serve the same type of food.
4	All 3 courses were delicious! Staff was friendly. Atmosphere is a little confusing... Italian/sports bar and grill?
5	Both locations are great but I absolutely love the new one (Union Hills). I don't think I've had a bad thing on the menu and the service is always spectacular. The 1/2 price wine bottles on Tuesday night is definitely something to take advantage of. I don't write many reviews on Yelp.. only do it if I really like or really hate a place. I couldn't resist writing about how great Times Square is!! Check it out! Highly recommend the Pasta Giovani!!
5	Awesome. beautifully we done after being famous Sams. first pizza in 8 months not burnt. first time I have had a pizza from Time Square in over 6 months. even after requesting not a burnt pizza and taking one back on New Years Eve. super friendly staff.
5	Tried this place because of previous reviews, and let me just say, this was by far one of the best places I have ever been. I had the tortellini d Angelo, my god it was amazing! The server, Damion, was the sweetest and made the place ten times better. It's nice to see people who love doing their job! Definitely coming back!
2	We ordered the Spinach Linguini (take out)... this dish was nothing but linguini and a few pieces of spinach and maybe 3 small pieces of chicken.  I'm appalled the cost ($13.95) of this dish considering it was only pasta.  The only reason this review gets two stars is because the flavor was decent.  This is our second time getting ripped off by Times Square! We were willing to give them a second try but regret it.  WE WILL NOT BE BACK!
4	They get four stars from me.  Ate there a couple of weeks ago and enjoyed the meal.  My wife odered a dinner and I had a small salad and ordered a side meatballs and sausages.  Also ordered a side of garlic breadDespite the service complaints on Yelp  our server was great!  My only issues were that bread should be complimentary and wine prices.  Why can't a resturaunt have a basic wine selection at a reasonable price.  I would certainly go out to eat alot more, especially Italian, if I didn't have to pay an arm and a leg for a couple of glasses of wine.  I can get basic 1.5 L bottle of wine for well under ten bucks....that would be good enough for most people.  Save the better stuff for those who will pay the price  but a reasonably priced wine will get me coming back to eat.
5	Love this place, minimal wait, food is excellent, staff is superb ! Can't say enough !
1	I thought about writing this review for a while now, I rarely write negative reviews, but I honestly cannot refer this place to anyone.Went to Times Square for a friend's birthday celebration, it was on a Sunday at 12:30pm she had a nice turn out of maybe 17 people.  Our server was Teresa; she was extremely rude and somewhat combative.   I arrived around 12:45 so it was 15 minutes to one, after checking out the menu the only thing I looked forward to having was the cheese steak sandwich with peppers & onions, I told Teresa that I would like that, and she said no you can't, it's not 1pm yet (it was 12:50 at this point) and that I would need to order something now, I told her I don't know what I want , she said ill wait here till you tell me so I can get these orders in.  I felt rushed into something I didn't want and didn't understand why she couldn't take orders from the rest of the table and come back around after 1 (by now it was less than 9 minutes away) She then proceeded to tell me that it wouldn't even be possible to order it at 1pm because they (the cooks) need to clean the grills and everything so there would be no cross contamination. Said something having to cook the peppers and onions and that wouldn't be done until after 1.  I was not happy.  I told her I was not ready to order yet. I really hate having a craving for something to find out you can't but scanned the menu and ordered the Mediterranean salad, mixed greens, artichoke hearts, tomatoes, pepperoncini, olives, roasted red peppers, cucumbers, red onions & feta cheese.  Sounds good right? Nope, it wasn't, everything was soggy wet, I didn't need to put any dressing on it, the artichoke hearts & roasted red peppers tasted as if they came out of the can/jar wasn't even rinsed or dried off, the feta was soggy, the entire salad was just miserable.After rude service and horrible food I just wanted to get the heck out of dodge, I asked for my check, I had the cash out ready for when she brought it to me, I gave it right back to her, she then placed in on the table, walked away for about 10 minutes came back handed everyone else there checks, ran all of the credit cards gave them back there checks, they signed their cards in left, I was the 1st to request and to pay but had to wait for 15 other people's  credit cards to come through before she even went to get change for me.  I didn't complain to the manager because it was my friend's birthday, but I will never set foot back in that place, just soo rude.  Save your time and money and find somewhere else to eat.
4	In your typical strip center shopping center, the warm and friendly service and clean family type environment reminded us of many places we visited in our past.  It's Italian and without really looking at the menu we thought it was going to be more deli type food. We arrived too late for breakfast but our waitress highly recommended the cheesesteak sandwiches with a order of fries to share.The sandwich and fries were excellent and perfectly seasoned as well as being a great size. We would definitely go back again to try the Sunday brunch as well as a nice non rushed dinner.
3	I was there a couple of months ago but Am just getting around to writing this review.   This place was not too bad but not great the food tasted okay the waitress was nice.   I ordered spaghetti with veal.  I don't know although it tasted okay something was missing I just can't place it.   Kind of on the bland side.   The only complaint I have is my friend and I ordered salads but they only gave us like two minutes to eat it before they came out with the main dish. Not good timing.  Oh and we were there around seven or eight at night.    It was so loud we couldn't hear each other we had to shout I think the acoustics are really bad.  I would give it another shot though
5	Great Service and good food. This place has a awesome prices for breakfast. The place is really clean also.
1	We just bought a house in Moon Valley and was very excited to try Times Square especially to have them as the life long diner. Very disappointed. The service was very slow due to a couple parties. This was the excuse the Manager gave as part of her defense when I asked  for some sort of compensation after waiting for lengthy time for our food. The Manager could not afford an apology or some sort of discount, worse yet she argued "the food was warm wasn't it?". My reply was simple, I'm sorry your business cannot afford customer service so we just won't come back here again. To make matters worse she walked away nodding her head NO. When we were still hospitable by paying our bill and paying the tip to the waiter whom was apologetic and walked with integrity she was standing across the restaurant STILL nodding her head NO. Yelp, do you have a video tape upload option? If so, her reaction was astonishing. Experience never compensates for bad customer service, she may know what she's doing on the job but she forgets who she's doing it for, the customer.
3	Time Square offers consistently good food and service at both locations.  The Union Hills location is more open and offers a better seating, but could have benefitted from a better location.  I have eaten at the Union Hills location three times and have twice been disturbed by screaming children.  I frequently eat at the Deer Valley location which is busier and still loud but has more polite clientele.  Bring earplugs and enjoy the good food!
5	I love this place.   I am here every Monday morning for a networking meeting and the service is amazing and great food!
5	Love this hidden Gem! Grier the bartender us the best!We sat at he bar and tried several things.. The wings, Bruschetta and streamers ... They were all top notch
4	Food is amazing, especially for the price. Atmosphere leaves a little to be desired, especially for a new restaurant. But the service rocks. Looking for a great family restaurant in the north valley? This is it!
2	I brought my sister and her boyfriend here for their first time.. I had been to the deer valley location with my parents so I thought we would give this location a try. Well, our experience was not very good. Our server Damion seemed friendly enough when we first sat down.. But apparently we were mistaken. We received our food from a food runner, and he hastily set our food down and ran off... While we sat there for a few minutes with no silverware.. Damion never even came over to see if we even received the right food, let alone see that we didn't even have silverware. We had to flag him down and ask for silverware. He came back and set it down, but again never even checked up on us.. Or asked how our food was. At the end of the meal we weren't asked if we wanted dessert or if we needed anything else. We weren't asked if we beefed boxes. These are just basic duties of a server..... Anyways.. The food was good I would probably be back just hope for better service next time
