3	Moes is a burrito place with pretty much all custom orders.  Although I have experienced better, I did enjoy my veggie burrito and Negro Modelo.  They play the Grateful Dead and all sorts of Allman Brothers here, and some of the locations have crafty little quotes by these musicians.  The service wasn't shabby, but the people could have been a little bit more enthused, they must be getting minimum wage.
4	I've been a semi-regular (once a month) at this Moe's since they opened back in '01 or so.  At first my training buddy and I frequented it for the large, and relatively healthy, chicken burritos...(the Joey Bag O Donuts.)  They also have a salsa bar with some really good options including one called "Who Is Kaiser Salsa?" (See "The Usual Suspects" for reference.) The friendly atmosphere (Welcome to Moe's!) and dead-musician theme and made it a unique favorite.  This Moe's has become a neighborhood institution as shown by the outpouring of sympathy and support in the aftermath of the tragedy a couple of years ago. Unfortunately, the service and quality have also slipped over the years.  Nowadays you don't always get a welcome shout and the staff just don't seem to be as focused on the customers as they used to be.  In fact, they seem to spend a lot of time shouting at full volume to each other.  However, it's still a good lunch at a good price in the heart of Dilworth.
4	WELCOME TO MOE'S!!!  This is what you hear whenever you walk into any Moe's location.  It's a pretty cool little Mexican joint that leaves you very full.Moe's is on par with Salsarita's, Chipotle, and Qdoba.  Its not-quite-fast-food-Mexican that tastes fresh.  Of all these chains, I give Moe's the highest rating for freshly seasoned meats. My fav is the quesadilla-they use fresh cheese, yo!  And unlike other chains, they treat you like a big kid and let you serve yourself unlimited salsas.  Note: The Kaiser is a little sweet and not so spicy, the tomatillo es muy picante!  The staff are pretty friendly. I told one of front line staff that they needed some plastic knives and the cook came out with a huge butcher knife and asked if I wanted to borrow his. Mu ha haaa!!!  Service around closing can be haphazard, they pretty much close up shop as you're eating.  Otherwise, this might be a good place to start an evening on the Dilworth bar/restaurant/entertainment circuit.
4	moe's is the only mexican food i will eat.  they assemble your food right in front of you and make it however you like.  i love how they have several vegetarian choices that taste so nice and fresh.sometimes it is hit or miss with the staff, but most of the time they are very friendly and quick. the food is so yummy, if i do encounter a sour face, it is totally forgotten by the time i start eating!! :)the portions are mucho generous and they give you lots of free chips i would pay for anyway!  yummy!my serious weakness at moe's is the queso.  i love it.  it hates me, but i love it.  mmmm! cheeeeeessseee!if you are looking for a quick fresh mexican meal, give them a try.  and don't forget the queso!
4	I visit this Moe's in Dilworth occasionally for lunch on Saturdays.  I think the burritos taste a bit better at Qdoba and Chipotle, but Moe's offers something the others don't:  free chips and a salsa bar with a variety of yummy salsas (including my fave, the sweet green tomatillo salsa; I could literally eat buckets of it).  I hate the whole "Welcome to Moe's!" thing when I go into a Moe's.  It's very insincere sounding and just sounds so unenthusiastic/routine.  Nobody even looks up to smile and greet you.  They just listen for someone to come in the door and shout.  I'd have nightmares about it if I worked there.  Anyway, the service there always seems a bit off whenever I go.  It takes awhile for someone to greet you because they're busy doing whatever side work they're doing and/or talking amongst themselves.  This last time around, I tried the vegetarian burrito.  It comes with "free" guacamole whereas you have to pay to get it on the meat-filled burritos.  It seems kind of silly to ask me what I want on my burrito, but they do.  I want everything that's listed on the menu, that's what I want.  Maybe they're hoping I don't ask for the more-expensive guac even though it says it comes with it?  The male manager who works there and operates the cash register is usually quite rude, abrupt, and doesn't care whether you're there or not.  And, most times, he's watching a sports game on one of the TVs in the dining room instead of doing his job.  He's your stereotypical store/restaurant manager.  This time, he took time out from frying up nacho chips (a daunting task, I'm sure) to briefly ring me up and sliding my food to me across the counter, before returning to his other task.  Well, thank you, and you have a nice day, too.  For that, you want me to fill up your tip jar prominently located at the register?  Methinks not.The burrito seemed a bit small without the meat.  Qdoba and Chipotle seem to give you more rice and beans.  Maybe this would be a good idea for Moe's, too, especially on vegetarian burritos?  It tasted pretty good, though, but the guac could have been a bit fresher and brighter green.  And, naturally, the chips and unlimited tomatillo salsa were fantastic.  They even have a new salsa: a mixture of a tomato salsa and tomatillo.  It was good, too, but I still preferred the green tomatillo.  I give the burrito a solid B, the chips and salsa bar an A++, and the service a C.  Hence, my four stars.
2	I usually am a fan of Moe's for chain southwestern food! I'd just recommend a different location- like the one in the Northlake area.For a Moe's I was incredibly disappointed with this location. The staff were grumpy, the soda machine was out of ice (I guess the machine breaks randomly?), and they were out of tofu.
3	I reviewed this place before and I guess I just ran into a bad day.This Moe's is like most: your typical burrito, quesadilla and taco joint with unlimited salsa and chips.I always snag my Moo Moo Mr. Cow (a kids meal) with black bean, tofu and no rice. Seeing I consistently get this at ANY Moe's location I go, I can compare prices and this location is a WHOLE DOLLAR more than the one in Northlake Commons. Strange, eh?
3	Good place for fast burrito fix.  I drove by here and was in and out in probably less than 10min.  Granted it was a Monday night... but it was still prime dinner time (in my opinion).So without any line, I got my way pretty easily.  I don't know if the unlimited chips and salsa is a new thing or not, but I was not expecting any chips in my bag at all when I stopped int to get my burrito.  It was a nice surprise - but they probably make up for the chips by selling queso.I have been to this location in the summer and had the opportunity to eat outside in the patio area (in the back/side of the building).  It would have been great but the only thing I remember was a pungent smell.  We thought the trash just hadn't been changed out in a while, but when we were leaving we noticed the grease dumpster right outside the patio area...... DOH.  Even though our noses were not happy...we still managed to eat (which does say a lot about the food I guess).
3	I'd love to give a higher rating, but this Moe's just doesn't cut it. My queso is usually cold and not runny at all. The service isn't that great. I keep going back though because I just love Moe's and this one is close. One day maybe I'll get it right.
4	I went into Moe's today and didn't get the usual "WELCOME TO MOE'S!!!" and you know what? That made me sad. Have they stopped doing this? I've always enjoyed being yelled at when I walk into an establishment but I guess others don't. Anywho, this is a pretty standard Moe's but it's baller status in my book because they have an outdoor patio on the side. Plus they give you free chips and have a variety of salsa to try. They even have one named the El Guapo and any salsa named after a character in Three Amigos rocks my world. Definitely stop in for Moe Monday--burrito, chips and a drink for $5--nothing wrong with that!
3	This Moes was once the go-to establishment for Tex-Mex cuisine that wasn't Taco Bell or an authentic Mexican restaurant. I'm not sure what happened to the quality of their food the last couple of years, but the flavors have nearly disappeared. Everything's pretty bland. The shredded cheese tastes like spoiled milk. The steak seems to be more of a frozen variety from what it used to be. Nachos (Billy Barou) are still great but they're a bit stingy with the queso.They've recently installed a touch-screen Coke machine where you can make 100 different flavors of Coke products (Grape Sprite, Cherry Coke, etc.). It becomes a pain when it's crowded or you get behind somebody's kid(s) playing with the concoctions.The parking sucks during lunch hour. You have the choice to park in their tiny lot, the nearby side-street (make sure you check for the towing zones), or risk parking in the empty Outback Steakhouse lot next door.Your pal,Walter
1	Their chicken ALWAYS tastes dry.  The staff is not friendly, and the last time I went in there, the person taking orders and adding toppings did not speak english.....wow.  Although I live within a 2 minute drive, I go to the Salsarita's in Cotswold.  They have better chips, fresher ingredients, larger burritos, better salsa...and their chicken isn't dry!!!
3	Moe's - used to be a good alternative to fast food, now the food seems a little on the bland side with the flavors kind of washed out and they seem to be heavy on rice and short on the protein with less beans and less meat.  Overall though, still a good place to go for that quick lunch option every now and then.
1	Went to Moe's tonight for the $5 Moesday promotion. Went with several friends, we got there at 8:50 only to discover that the door was locked. The store hours posted on the door said 9PM closing. What lousy customer relations. We went to Chipolte and had a great experience. Moe's you lost 4 customers tonight.
4	I only go to Moe's for the $5 Mondays lol. The employees aren't very friendly but the food is good. and try the coke machine! You will stand there for like 10 minutes lol
5	I'm only giving it 5 stars because I'm in love with the food...shh don't tell.  Any who the personality and politeness of the staff could use some work.  I normally go to this one because sometimes it's just easier.  I've never had issues with the staff and the way they have treated me in the past.  So things have been good, I went to this Moe's on Saturday and it was bone dry no one there until I parked then it got crowded.  I went in and they did their normal annoying welcome to moes.  No big deal it's their thing.  Any who I ordered my food, I felt rushed so that was strike 1.  Once I ordered my food the guy who was actually fixing it act as if he was scared to give me the toppings I asked for.  Strike 2, then the manager I guess actually checked me out I asked for a bag to put my stuff in because I did order food for more than just my self.  Well he gave me the bag, I looked at him and thought WOW.  At that point I felt like I was at the self check out in a grocery store.  I can honestly say that this has never happened to me before, what happened to great customer service? I guess something simple as putting a customers food in a bag is too much work.  I was very upset by this, but I said ok no big I know how to put my stuff in a bag even though it was his job.  The high light of the visit besides how good the food is was the soda machine.  I must say that I'm not a coke fan but will drink a sprite with the best of them when I'm forced.  But this machine was amazing.  I was plesantly surprised about the choices this machine gave.  Like I said I'm not a coke fan, but I stood there for several minutes looking at the choices I had of sprite.  I was impressed by this and the food.  The employees attitudes suck really bad, they need a reality check. If the public is not something you want to deal with on a daily bases, then let me suggest getting a office gig some where.
4	This Moe's location is one of my faves...Sometimes, I take the boyfriend lunch on my off days and this place is really helpful... I have placed numerous call in orders and the food is always hot and correctly prepared... The queso is expensive, in my opinion, but it's also really good... I guess you kind of have to suck it up at that point... I won't buy it if we're eating a home, but for lunch at my honey's workplace, I shell out for it...On the occasion that I do a regular walk in visit, I get the classic greeting (Welcome to Moe's!) and swiftly executed service... Even if there's a long line, you really won't be waiting long...The only gripe I have is the parking lot... It's so small and the spaces are alternately diagonal on each line... If there's a rush, it's a headache waiting to happen to get in and/or out...
3	This was the only place open when I arrived in Charlotte late that night.  I was thankful just to find something after walking around the area for a while since I wasn't given a car... The experience is similar to a Chipolte, if you're not from the area. They did have tofu and other options you don't normally see in chain of this nature. The food was ok. I was amused by the fact they had Southern (sweet) tea and Northern (non-sweetened) tea. I guess the war between north and south continues! They gave me a huge bag of chips with my meal.  It may have been because they were closing but I never did finish it all off. In fact, I think most of them ended up being thrown out. Overall, if you're looking for something that can be relatively healthy and vegetarian and nothing else is open, check this place out.
4	They really do have healthy, fresh ingredients, but your taco isn't going to have a lot of flavor unless you dump salsa on it. Also my hard taco fell apart in a minute cause their steak made it too soggy. They do have 5-6 free salsas, and the touch screen soda fountain. Their queso doesn't taste like real cheese to me, but it's alright! I like Chipotle better, but Ill be back here if convenient!
3	Love Moe's in general! Their food is always delicious! This particular location always gets my food correct and it always tastes great! The service isn't the best though. Most of the employees look as if it was a drag to come in to work and like its killing them to be there. I dont know if morale is down among the staff or what, but it definitely projects towards the customer. The poor morale is made up for by the cool coke machine and the cute outdoor seating area. Moe's in Dilworth is the closest to my job and is about 15 minutes away, but I make the trek a couple times a month for lunch. I can overlook bad vibes as long as they get my order correct and in a timely manner and I'm satisfied with my food at the end of the day.
1	Talk about EXPENSIVE!! Had a hankering for mexican food and this was not good! We got 6 tacos (three for each of us) and one drink, it was almost $30! and they were not even filling. Just blah! No bueno!
4	I was craving a burrito and i've been to longboards a few times so I decided to visit moe's.  It's a Moe's.  They greet you on entry with the signature "Welcome to Moe's" although much to my liking they aren't super loud in a meal disrupting way...or maybe I was lucky.The food is very consistent from store to store so I wasn't blown away, but enjoyed the familiar...and got what I expected.  I had a burrito prepared the way i wanted in front of my eyes with nice crispy chips on the side.  I didn't try out their Freestyle coke machine but rather drank some so-called "Northern Tea."  I don't really like that designation, but oh well.
4	I don't want to compare it to Chipotle, but I sorta have too. It is direct competition. They both are fighting over similar markets, so what makes Moe's different from Chipotle. I am not going to say which one is better because they both offer different experiences. Moe's has more have a selection of menu items (especially in the Vegetarian area). I love that. I tried the personal trainer salad, which is like a vegetarian taco salad. It was really good, minus the fact that I had to pay extra for guacamole :(The environment was awesome. I love the fact that they don't play top 40 hits.
1	The food might of been okay other than I was given my friends food and vice versa!!!  We did not order the same food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The girl made our sandwich with Eric interrupting and being rude the whole time!  Who could work in that situation?  Eric ran his mouth from the time we walked in the restaurant until we left!  He flirted with the girl working and carried on an inappropriate conversation with the lady after us!  I think someone working should talk but within business like conversation!!!!!
1	This specific Moe's had terrible customer service. They only give you literally a small amount of everything and when I went to ask for more chips most of them were stale. And after sitting down to eat, I realized the food wasn't fresh. I don't know if there's anything good to say about this Moe's.
