5	Impressed with Jarrod and Shane.  Professional, knowledgeable, friendly. My call went to voicemail but I didn't leave a message.  Jarrod called me back. Very cool! I couldn't get anyone to come out to even give an estimate, but Shane did and I was sold on his character and personality. They both came for the wall mount over the fireplace and installed a Tria wall system for components. This was my husbands Christmas present, who, by the way,  thought it was very cool. I highly recommend their service.
5	Recently relocated to Las Vegas.  Needed some tech expertise in configuring my home theater system.  Saw Maximum Audio Video reviews and gave them a call.  Shane and Jarrod came out and walked me through the options.  There was no attempt to upsell anything.  These guys saw the equipment I had and recommended compatible components within my quality and price range.  They showed up when they said they and did the installation in the time they said it would take and at the price they quoted.       When they arrived, they moved and covered all my furniture to protect it from any dust or debris.  When they finished they placed everything back where it belonged.  Then they brought in an industrial vacuum and cleaned up everything.  When the job was finished they patiently went over everything, especially the new universal remote with me and my wife.These are the competent professionals you want.
5	Just bought a home in Henderson and was looking for someone to hang three tv's one of which was extremely difficult.  Found Maximum Audio Video on Yelp and let me tell you, I'm glad I did.  They were cheaper than any one else I could find and Shane and Jarrod treated me like they had known me for years.  The work was done perfectly and the service they provided was top notch.  I had a wire come undone a day later, which was my fault, and Jarrod came back no questions asked with a smile for free!  I could not be happier with Maximum Audio Video
5	Maximum just finished with my house.  They handled all the A/V throughout the house during a remodel.  Very good and professional job.  I would use them again.
5	Not that I needed another reason to be pleased with these guys, but today they gave me another one.Jarrod and Shane installed a new wall mounted TV, there were other construction trades involved in the project and these guys were great about scheduling and communication.  Showed up on schedule and worked efficiently to keep the renovations on schedule. I have an old receiver and they saved me some money in setup by doing some of their magic. I didn't have to buy a new one.Two days later after the work was done, I forgot some instructions for the universal remote they set up.  So at 5:00 on the day before they are set to go on their holiday weekend, Jarrod comes back to the house to re-explain it to me.Definitely recommend them.  Also very glad I brought the TV from them, didn't know I could, but glad I did. Good price.
1	I called to get a quote to have my television mounted. I was quoted $139.00 witch does NOT include the bracket. I then called another business and got a quote of $135.00 which included a mount that moves up and down. We know who I'm using!!
5	Jarod and Shane were very knowledgable and completed my complex job easily. They came out to my house, on time,  and did hours of work for an incredibly fair price.  I have used other companies and not had such results.  They have my business.
5	These guys did an awesome job in our new house.  Same day service and a reasonable price.  I had in the past used some cheaper alternatives on craigslist and even Yelp.  It was very clear they were cheaper in many ways other than price. I went with Maximum AV this time and the quality of the job these guys from Maximum AV put into my house was top notch.  I wouldn't look elsewhere for custom TV installation going forward. 10/10 for service, timing, cleanliness, price.Services I used Maximum AV for:(2) basic flatscreen mount and installs with wires hidden/dropped.(1) high end 60" custom 25" bracket/build install with custom sound installation.
5	They were so great - I called and they said they would be out at a certain time, and lo and behold they showed up.  He looked at our system and told us what we should do, and we said - can we get something cheaper?  He said "no problem" once he realized we're not into sound systems, rewired what we had and made our Bose work.  We will be moving soon and did not want to spend a bunch of money on upgrades and they were totally sympathetic, I really appreciated that, as we are on a fixed income.  I would always recommend and use them if we need future work!  They are really top notch!
5	Jarrod and Shane came to my home to install two Televisions.  The first meeting,  Jarrod  saw what was needed,   He then came back when I was available to install the TVs. They were suspended on the wall.  They did a beautiful, clean job.  Not any wires hanging, got the proper equipment to make it look like the TVs always belonged where they were placed.  Super Job!I though I might have other work done prior to the installation.  I gave them a check as a deposit.  The work they  did at my home ended up not costing as much as we thought because we didn't add a newer receiver.  They ended up refunding me money.  They were honest, dependable and all with a happy face.  Will definitely use again.  Highly recommend.  Thanks guys for a great job!!Cynthia on Turtle
