3	Generally I am unimpressed with the entire set up here. I preferred the Lenscrafters in the Arrowhead mall. I feel like they are just running through the motions here. Nothing feels special or even like they care. Daughters glasses were purchased in 8/12 and she attempted to adjust them herself. SNAP both arms right at the bend of the ears. I would suggest purchasing the extended warranty for $25 if you have kids. I also notinced Costco was $40 less if you are a cash paying customer. (No insurance)
1	Wow I don't know where to begin. I had this place at 5 stars but that was for the old doctor and evaluation. I guess everyone is nice when they're taking your money. I posted earlier with the thought that i would get my contacts but I'm still waiting - 7 months and counting!!  Customer service is non-existent in this place so STAY AWAY!!I was waiting for them to call me when they received the third contact brand in my strength, but I've had to call them three times now! Absolutely NO communication.  This time Mary belle tells me i have to get a whole new exam done because the doctor is in another location and can't sign my prescription.  Again, great communication to the patients huh? All i want now is the air optics brand so at least ill get something for all that money and time wasted, but she said no way.  I asked for the manager but he won't be in until Thursday. I'm going in to talk to him face to face on that day...To be continued...
2	I took my son to this place because the name is reputable and its literally less than a half-mile from my home. That said, I would drive several miles for eyewear to avoid coming back. This is the SLOWEST and, for the most part, least welcoming eyeglass business I have ever seen. Day 1 - arrived at 4:15 for a 4:30 eye exam, met the doctor for the exam at 5:05,  After the exam we spoke with the doctor and had to wait to be checked out. We looked at all the frame offerings several times only to get disgusted with the wait to pay and left at 6:10. Ridiculous. Day 2 - went back at 10:30a to pay, thinking it the slowness was an one time thing, signed in and waited for someone to serve us. The process of paying took a long while and we had to compete with phone calls and were assaulted with constant up-sales opportunities. We finally got out of the place at 11:50am. Under impressed is being polite.
4	Both myself and my daughter have been seen here and I have to say each time I have been there I have been pretty much satisfied all the way around. The only thing that really bothered me about this location is the wait time which is why they did not get 5 stars from me. Every time I have been there I find myself waiting... And waiting... And waiting... I really like the staff, the manager of the place is very friendly and professional and the really tall gentleman (forgive me I can't remember his name) really impressed me. The doctor is friendly and quick (in fact once they called me back for the exam it went smooth and quick). I loved the frames selection and they worked really well with my daughter who has special needs. I definitely will be returning here both for myself and my daughter. And I won't mind sending a referral their way a time or two either. Would be nice if they worked on that whole waiting thing though!
5	I had a couple of meetings for work on the west side, so I made an appointment for 11 a.m. I arrived at 10:45 and was impressed with how quickly I was in and out. I did paperwork, the Dr. went thru my exam and tests very quickly but thoroughly, I got fitted for contacts and was out of there in about 35 to 40 minutes. My experience was nice, the staff was helpful, knowledgable and friendly... I would go back and recommend to anyone.
1	if i could give a zero star review i would- i can't even review the actual services because i never got that far. called at 2pm on a saturday to see if they had any appointments available and was put on hold for TEN MINUTES- someone kept picking up the phone and putting me back on hold. finally a different person answered and asked if i been helped and when i mentioned how long I had been on hold she put me back on hold! she came back a few seconds later to tell me that they had nothing that day  but I could make an appointment for monday- when I said no and  asked why it took so long to figure it out, she hung up on me. I ended up going to the target optical at christown, which was an awesome experience
5	My eyeglasses broke the day before a three day holiday weekend... Everywhere I called was not able to get me in... Eyeglass world was able to get me in that Saturday morning to get a eye exam, and I was able to get two pairs of frames for $78... Ryan the manager, and Mary Lou, the optician were very helpful.  I would definitely recommend this location: if you are looking to get glasses..
3	I'm giving this place three stars because for eye exams, it's pretty reasonable. I can get in on Saturdays and they're decently priced. But I'd end your relationship there. Get a copy of your prescription and order your glasses online. I always end up paying too much but that's because I have really crappy eyesight.The last time I ordered glasses they told me the typical 10-14 days, which was fine, and they called me when my first pair came in. Said it would still be a few days for the others. A week later I still hadn't heard so I called. After being on hold for 15-20 minutes with a different person checking on me each time I was finally told that my glasses had come in a few days ago, and I could come pick them up. No idea how long I'd have waited had I not called. Picking them up took 40 minutes because there seems to only ever be two people working here. A few months later I needed them adjusted, and they've always done free adjustments, which I like. So I had her adjust my clear glasses which was fine and had her do my sunglasses too. Driving home I noticed it looked funny but I figured it was because they were sitting different on my face. The next morning I put them on and I realized no, something was wrong. When she heated the glasses to adjust them she heated the lenses too and totally ruined the polarized coating. When I brought them in the lady who did it was there and she couldn't seem to see anything wrong with them. She had her manager look and he saw it, but she just couldn't see the bubbles all over the lenses. So they sent them out to be repaired and in the meantime I ordered a replacement pair of sunglasses online that arrived in three days. They finally called me to let me know those were ready, and upon walking in the door I was again told to sign in for something that should take five minutes because they again had two people working. It wasn't as busy this time and I only had to wait 25 minutes for a three minute transaction. If you don't mind waiting around a lot, this place is okay. But if you actually have other stuff to do just get your exam, get a copy of your prescription  (make sure they write the pupil distance on there) and get the hell out. It might not be that bad if they had more people working.
