4	"Mexican food is Mexico's National Treasure" - Alderete Family motto.  The drive-through, Poblano Express, serves 24/7.You remember Los Armandos don't you?  I don't either.The economy crashed and nearly burned.  It will take time for Arizona to recover.  Restaurants are one of the riskiest business ventures.  Who would open a restaurant, a Mexican restaurant, a high concept Mexico Mexican restaurant?The Alderete Family.   Los Armandos got a floor to roof-peak makeover.  Poblano's got class.Ordering at the counter we helped ourselves to stainless steel silverware, napkins, salt and pepper at the extras bar.  We got a number when ordering - Number One! Table service was delivery of the courses to our table.    The hallmark of Poblano is fresh cooked, the slogan, "It's Mexico, It's Fresh"  Each day has a soup.  Fridays it's poblano soup.  I've never had it, I had to try it.  I had horchata to drink.It's Mexico, it's fresh.  I've never had better agua de horchata.  Ladled from a traditional glass serving jar.  Not so sugary it bites the palate, loaded with fresh cinnamon, not watered down industrial cinnamon flavor.  A rich flavor for that simple beverage.  There may have been a little nutmeg in the Poblano horchata.  I liked it.  If you have their horchata, drink it before the melting ice dilutes it.I drank horchata before I touched my soup.  I never knew poblano chiles could be souped into a bisque.  A subtle bisque, with a mildly warming heat garnished with a few twists of tortilla chip all served in a square, deep, white porcelain bowl, delivered on a square porcelain plate.  I recommend it to all but my Yooper cousins, on second thought, to them too.  They'd probably it eat without, "The chile barbequed my tongue." complaints.Sweet D ordered Enchiladas Rojas -Oaxaca cheese enchiladas.  They arrived on their own square, white plate, rice and beans on the side.  She shared.  The beans were bastante suave.  Again, fresh, well cooked, seasoned, or not seasoned, so diners can spice to taste.  The rice was molded like a flan - another nice touch.  It was Mexican rice, cooked right.  I'm not an enchilada expert.  The enchiladas were fine to me.  Fresh-made sauce, Oaxaca cheese, fresh corn tortillas.  Simple, simple and fresh.  Dessert of the night was a small tres leches cake four inches in diameter.  Topped with whipped cream and a cherry, one of the leches was a light coffee/caramel sauce poured into the center, it too arrived on a square dessert plate dotted with raspberry or strawberry sauce at each corner.  it was a little hard to cut.  We finished it, no problem, no complaints.  The cherry was gone off the top before I finished my last sip of horchata.  Sweet D and I agreed long ago, she gets the first cherry on the whipped cream.The portions were not gargantuan.  There were no chips and salsa appetizer.  Three hours later, I still feel full.  The portions were right for us./**02/15/2011I went back today, having the tortilla soup and jamaica drink.  The spicy heat in this eatery comes from green and red sauces applied to a dish, suiting peresonal taste.The creamy soup, with a small dollop of sour cream and considerable strips of tortilla chips texturing each bite, had a light smoked chili tang dancing with the sweetness of whole corn kernels, the crunch and flavor of the chip strips.  I am fighting a cold war today.  I blasted any other soup subtleties with generous amounts of red and green sauce.  Like the other night, the soup was very filling.  Jamaica, hibiscus blossom beverage, is one of Mexico's national drinks.  I wanted to try it in general, and was hunting food vitamin C in particular to fight my cold.  It wasn't too sweet as is often the case.  I was offered refills three times.   /**Poblanos serves only angus beef.  Appetizers from Crisp Heaven to Taquitos Vaquero are on the menu as are salads, mole dishes, steak, shrimp, fish, and veggie meals.  Someday I'll try the Divorced Eggs, just because of the name.  It looks like huevos rancheros are the relationship that survived.George said they are getting started with this restaurant, still working out the fine points.   I'm looking forward to Poblano running smooth, and cooking fresh, showing people Mexican food is Mexico's National Treasure.  Thank you Alderete Family for giving Los Armando's the makeover.  Buenas suerte, hasta luego
4	I had seen the construction going on at Poblano's for the past 9 months or so now. I knew I had to try it, once construction was completed. A couple months ago, I believe, the sign said Poblano's Gourmet Tacos with a pic of a poblano pepper, but I guess they changed their minds. It looks like they did a complete remodel of the place. I had never been in the place that occupied it before Poblano's, but everything looked brand new. They have a giant menu screen when you 1st walk in (think Pei Wei-ish). They also had large windows so you could see into the kitchen, I really dug that. I decided on the carne asada tacos & I made it a combo with rice & beans & added a drink. I asked the girl at the counter what came on the tacos & she mentioned avocado slices. I told her to please hold those & that I'd like pico de gallo added. She gave me the #7 & I waited for my number to be called. About 10 minutes later she brought my food out to me & I returned to work. When I got to my office I discovered that they gave me an entire bowl of pico, I just wanted a lil added to my tacos! I then noticed that there was guac on my tacos, wish she had mentioned that guac was also on them because I would have told her to hold that too. The tacos were pretty good & a huge portion. I ordered 2 & could have easily been satisfied with 1. I have to say their meat was very tender & well seasoned. The rice & beans were pretty good as well. The prices seemed decent when scanning the menu, but somehow my taco combo plate & drink came out to $13.50! Was that huge side of pico $5?! Any way, I do like that this is a local, family owned business & their food was pretty good, so I think they deserve 4 stars. I'm sure I'll be returning for lunch during the week, since they are a 2 minute drive from my work. I also like that they have a drive thru, very convenient.
4	I was so excited when I heard that Poblano's FINALLY opened their doors for business.  I went there for lunch this week with folks from work.  A group of 6 got there about 15 minutes ahead of the next.  I was in the second wave (3).The place is spotless, decorated tastefully, and the employees are friendly.When i arrived, all but two of the earlier arrivals had received their food.  It was artfully plated, very appetizing.  Thumbs up all around. There was a little of everything on the table, and it all looked great.We ordered at the counter, got our drinks and sat down.  About the time our food showed up, the straggling food for the earlier arrivals showed.  Everything was fresh, hot, and delicious.  Several of us found that we needed to add salt to our dishes.  My chimichanga was great- lean shredded beef, just a schmeer of refried black beans, and the fresh tortilla were perfectly balanced and delicious.  I rarely order chimis, because they are generally overly huge, watery interiors and too much food with chips etc., but Poblano's serves a reasonable sized chimi, perfectly prepared they way a chimi should be.  Lunch was a little under $10 with a large drink.Besides the wait, the only complaint was with the "late" food - the carne in the burro had a lot of fatty pieces.  The earlier orders of the same were very lean. We guessed that maybe they ran out of meat earlier and hurriedly prepared more, and skimped on the trimming/cleanup.I think that Poblano's has the potential to be a 5-star local favorite.   They need to work out the details with regards to consistently timed order fulfillment, and final touches with seasoning.I WILL be back, and look forward to trying other menu items.
5	Poblano's makes me happy.  Some highlights: 1. Really good and fresh food. 2. Extremely clean: Both the store and the kitchen.  (Its an open kitchen.)3. They are open late: Now they are only open to 10.  (An hour later than the average phx place.)  But they say that after their grand opening the store will be open till midnight and the drive-through will be open 24 hours. 4. They are in my hood.  (Yes, you should care that they are in my hood!)These last two points are really important: It means no more eribertos or pizza hut for me, when I am searching for food at 11pm.  Finally a good food option! I really hope they make it.  Once they begin their late night hours, I'll be there every night...
4	Pablanos a spicy name for a place of odd contrasts.The food is gourmet style, but there is a drive through. There are LCD screen menus and a register to walk up to but they wait on you at the tables, the prices are a bit high, but you are in a low rent part of town.We walked in and when the cashier / hostess / drive though attendant / waitressed asked if we were dining in or to go we said for here. She said sit and I will bring you menus. Looking at the menu there is no lunch or dinner, just many items that range from $6-$12The meal starts with complementary chips and salsa, red and white chips with three types of salsa. Oddly on refill the chips went from wide strips to narrow ones. The salsas were all good and the chips were fresh too.I went with a veggie burrito $6.49. It did not have exactly what the menu listed in it bu tit did have a great flavor, a richnesses and attention to detail, even the carrots were waffle cut.   Overall it was great with the soft tortilla and the fancy cut in half on a bias presentation. It was bit greasy for the health conscious. Mexican food is not a rare commodity in this part of town, it takes a brave new concept to give it a try here.If you are in the area and want some different style Mexican options give this place a try.
3	Decent.  I came with a family member who has a fish-allergy, yet I ordered fish tacos for myself.  He ordered beef tacos with rice and beans (while all I wanted was a la cart fish tacos).  I got home and found the two single tacos I had received were beef, and had to rush to make sure the fish ones were not eaten.  Luckily they weren't.The fish tacos left much to be desired, while the beef tacos looked quite good - asada which looked quite delicious.  The fish looked like little onion rings, breaded and fried - ehhhhh.  My tacos were quite spicy, even without salsa, which is fine for me, but I personally wasn't expecting or assuming anything that spicy without the addition of salsa.  I added the green salsa to my second taco - no added spiciness really.Decent food.  Good beans.  High prices considering it's in a low cost area and the like.  I might go again if it was late and other places were closed and I didn't feel like cooking.  I probably wouldn't make this go-to place though.
5	The food and service are excellent!  I usually come here with a coworker, and we receive a friendly greeting right when we walk through the door.  I have only been here for lunch. I like to order one of the daily specials because it comes with soup, beans, rice, and the entree.  The specials are reasonably priced, whereas the other menu items are a bit pricier, but well worth it.
5	I love mexican food, this place does it with style & flair. I have been 3 times. I had the fish last & enjoyed it. I work downtown and go for lunch. I find the presentation is great and food very tasty.
4	Fresh and tasty. Your food won't arrive drowning in sauce and oily cheese, so if you're looking for that, keep moving. Each meal comes with complimentary chips and three salsas. Most entrees include a soup of the day. The soups, enchiladas, beef tacos, and stuffed poblano chiles earn high marks on taste and presentation. The fish tacos were nothing special and it seemed they tried to make up for the lack of flavor with extra chipotle sauce.The staff is friendly and the restaurant ambience is decent; personally I think they could ditch the florescent lighting in the dining area for some dimming, but I suppose that might take away from the casual atmosphere. It is pretty quiet in the evenings, but the last time I was here they brought in a small mariachi group, which my niece loved.
4	If you like Mexican food, try this place!  Unique Mexican dishes that have an authentic flavor you don't find at the Americano-Mexican places like La Pinata across the street or any of the Filabertos-type joints this area is crawling with.  I hear the owners brought in a chef from Mexico City to train the staff...whatever it took, the difference shows in the food.  I'm not much for hot peppers, but this place treats them right, transforming what could be super spicy into something rich, delicious, and a perfect hint of spice.  I highly recommend the quesadilla sampler and whatever the soup of the day is for a newbie.  They quesadillas might not be what you expected, but like most things at Poblano's, it's a delicious surprise.
1	The plating was nice.   I'll give them that.  Apart from that: The food was meh.  The wait was wayyyy too long.  And I paid $2 for, seriously, a tablespoon of guac.  And it wasn't even good guac!!!Do yourself a favor and just go to Fili-Bs.
4	a nice little place. glad when it finally opened as the remodel seemed to take forever.  the interior is fresh and clean but not very stylish; we usually go through the drive-through.  It's not terribly speedy like you expect at drive-through windows, but that's a good thing...they make the food fresh to order!   everything i've tried was tasty and plentiful.  seems a little on the pricey side, but again...it's FRESH food so overall worth it.  i'll keep cruising through every few weeks.  Supporting local business is important, and it's way cleaner and better than all of the Fili-o's places.
5	Their vegetarian offerings are yummy and a lot to choose from - easily made vegan and they were happy to adjust any menu item for me. Tasty. Where else can you get a zucchini flower quesadilla thru a drive thru window?
4	Using the pointing fingers of my left and right hands I will type Phoenix sacrilege here.  Poblano serves food a lot like Barrio Cafe's for about half the price.  Sophisticated Mexican menu.  No bar with 100 Tequilas, no table cloths.No art/music/mural scene.  Too bad.  The 19th Ave and Osborne area could use an art and music scene.  There's certainly plenty of diversity.  We couldn't have art, music and murals everwhere in the Valley could we?  That's probably way too much of a good and spirited thing.
4	Poblano's errs on the side of caution. Nothing too spicy, nothing too daring. While the food is good and the plating's spectacular, the actual flavor seems to be more of an afterthought. This is a great place to take white Midwesterners who haven't been fully introduced to punch of great Mexican food.
4	Get the quesadilla sampler for sure!! When we first pulled up into the lot, we saw they had a drive thru and we almost left because it looked dumpy. Im glad we decided to try it because it was awesome. Had a little bit of a wait for our food, but it was worth it! Don't judge a book by its cover on this one!!
4	This place is legit.  Fresh food, smiling faces, we left happy.  The stuffed Poblano was delicious.  I enjoyed the Torta as well, if you are looking for a good Torta come here.  You choose your meat on most of the dishes and again the ingredients were fresh, not common in a lot of Mexican Restaurants that we go to.  Give Pablano a try, I hope you enjoy.
4	Wow, I'm impressed! What a great little spot! We stopped in were looking for something new in the area. this place is a bit confused (It can't figure out if it's a drive through, walk up counter or sit down restaurant) but the food and service was great! We started with the cheese crisp, that was awesome. They also brought out chips and three house made salsas. One of them, which I've never had, was by far and long the best salsa I've ever had!!! It was roasted garlic, onions and chunky green peppers. I had two litle containers of it, super awesome! I also had the soup of the day, which was a creamy pepper soup that was fantastic! My wife had the grilled shrimp that were great and I went with the grilled steak torta. The torta was just okay, but everything else was awesome! The service was a touch slow, but no biggie. All in all, great little spot to get takeout, sit down or drive through hahaha
3	Was in the mood for some quick Mexican food, didn't want Taco Bell, or Del Taco! Didn't have the time for the very good restaurant across the street! (Hint: L.P.) I order their taquitos lunch special, @ $5.99 you get three taquitos, beans, rice, with some guac, and salsa. It's actually a very good deal, taquitos were very good and not on the cheap size. They give you a nice size portion for the price. Now I had this to go, thought I could get chips with this. They wanted to add another $2.75 for a bag of chips!!! That's almost half the price for the meal!! Overall, it was a good place to stop off, might come back when I have more time. To get 5-stars, you really have to blow me away!!! It lost one star for the price of the chips and the rice wasn't the best!!
4	We like this place because of the food and the customer service.  We had the queso fundio which was fun and good.  We then had breakfast which was good.  I would go back again.
4	I was in a rush again! Didn't really want to stop off here, but I am really glad I did! I ordered their grilled steak burrito. OMG!!!! Man that was good! grilled steak, lettuce, tomatoes, salsa, and guacamole. This is a big burrito, and I managed to handle this all by myself! The steak of course is carne' asada, and it is marinated to perfection. Again, glad I came back and gave them another chance!
4	Growing up in Phoenix has made me a bit of a Mexican food snob, and in the land of many 'bertos, I was wary of trying yet another place. I'm happy we did - the food has been consistently delish and the service incredibly friendly.What hasn't been consistent are the hours. The menu says the place is open 8 am to midnight, with a 24-hour drive-thru. (Yelp thinks it's 7 am to 10 pm.) The last several times we've driven by, the lights have been off. I've tried calling the number on the site (also the number on Yelp) and all I get is an automated "this voicemail box is full." I tried sending an email to the address listed on the site, but that came back undeliverable. So, what's the deal? Does anyone know when this place is open?
4	Great fresh, Mexican food and they have a drive thru too.  It takes longer than Taco Bell and costs a little more but it's really, really good.  Very fresh, I've liked everything I've had so far.
