2	Smells like poo, tastes like chicken!!!  This was my first time visiting Carrabba's (Cacabba's).  What a way to make a first impression.  There was a nasty odor coming from somewhere.  The odor greeted me when I walked up to the hostess stand.  We were seated close to the hostess stand and I could still smell it.  I don't mean to gross you out but it smelled like a poopy womens bathroom.  We asked for a different table.  Somewhere in the far back away from the entrance.  We did out run the smell and had our dinner.  I had the rigatoni.  Check please.  Our waitress was good.  She earned a star for this review.
3	This Americanized Italian chain won't totally knock your socks off, but I do think it's a tick above the two stars everyone else gives. It was my father's choice as a congratulations dinner to him after a crazy heroic act that may or may not have been plastered all over the local news this past week. I love that they have a variety of choices for small starter salads - Caesar, garden (creamy parm dressing) and Mediterranean. The salads were fresh, tasty, and not overly sodden with dressing. The standard bread comes out wrapped in paper, which I think is kind of cheesy, but it's hot, soft yet hearty, with a perfectly crunchy crust. My blackberry sangria was OK - I prefer the standard sangria I typically get - it was just a little too sweet.My dad snarfed his chicken parm down like he hadn't eaten in weeks, and my SO appeared to enjoy his fettucini alfredo just fine and dandy. My white pizza had the makings of all things good - sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese - but ended up being kind of greasy.The desserts were DELISH. They have those cute shot-glass sized ones, which I think are perfect. The tiramisu had a nice boozy bite and a nice filling. My SO got this obscene double-decker chocolate cake-filled-with-mousse-and-whipped-cream extravaganza, topped with ice cream and caramel sauce to ensure his first heart attack will happen long before the age of 50. Holy shit, it was incredible! The chocolate flavors were rich and multifaceted, the cake dense and moist, and the whipped cream fresh. I mean DELICIOUS. Our server, who was super cool, slipped us one of the key lime shots for no reason. Totally nice.My main issues are that the place has tables packed in TIGHT so you're practically positioned up the ass of a tableful of strangers who, I am willing to speculate, might not want to hear my drunken daddy wax poetic about the bloody events of the week. On top of that, there seemed to be more than a handful of screaming babies - not pleasant when they are across the room, much less eight feet from you. Also, the location blows. That whole intersection, and, frankly, part of town, is just a massive pain in the ass to navigate.So is it a place you'll crave? Not necessarily, but it's predictable and reliable, which makes it onto the second tier of our regular restaurant rotations.
3	A mid-priced really good pasta joint would make a fortune in this neighborhood.  We decided to go out for dinner.  The fam wanted pasta.  OK, Tutti Santi and Nick's are good but too pricey, and I've been afraid of whatever they're calling Pasta Pomodoro these days since they changed hands.  Guiseppe's still doesn't get it that people with kids never, ever have cash on them.  Lots of pizza places, but we don't want pizza.  Someone reminded me about Carrabba's, so off we went.For a weekday night it was busy, but they found a table big enough for the 5 of us.  It was super noisy.  Had to yell to be heard.  How can one eat a decent meal while yelling and being yelled at?Service was alright, though a bit slow.  I'm pretty sure the waitress was sick because she was doing the sniffling thing and I overheard her co-workers asking if she was ok.  Not cool.  The wine by the glass list had some good choices.  They give you the option of a glass or glass and 1/2, so of course we did the 1 1/2, and were happy with what we ordered.Entrees come with soup or salad, and both were very good.  My sister got the lentil with sausage soup, which reignited some serious sibling rivalry after I tasted it.  There was a shortage of simple pasta dishes for me - just too many ingredients trying too hard.  The pasta and sauces all tasted fresh, and were well made.  However, some of the overthought sauces were over seasoned and so were left half-eaten. I'd pick Carrabba's over Olive Garden any day, but still have my fingers crossed some smart local chef opens up a simple but good pasta joint in the area.
1	The absolute worst service of any italian restaurant I have ever been in and the menu is only so so..  UGH!Against my better judgment, I have eaten in several Carrabbas in three different states with all the same results.  As Fred F. said in his review, he needs new freinds.  So, do I.  Avoid it.
4	2 stars, really? I don't know about that. I have been going to this location for 3 years on a regular basis and have only had a couple of bad experiences, which the manager taken care of to my complete satisfaction. Wood Fired pizzas are great! Chicken  Rosa Maria #2 Favorite. Super rich lasagna. Fresh ingredients. Go get you some!~
4	Carrabba's was the beneficiary of a gift certificate I received last Christmas. So I was in a mood to try a new place this past weekend. I managed to get past the packed parking lot next door and found a parking spot between two vehicles that were ready for the monster truck competition. I'm just glad they didn't crush my car when they left the lot.My wife had made reservations and of course they tried to seat us near the kitchen, which we kindly asked for another seat. This restaurant was hot and apparently the A/C wasn't turned on, I was about ready to leave but I decided to see this through for the sake of all the other Yelpers that may benefit from this review. Our server, which had a resemblance to Linda Barrett of "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" put a smile to my face. So now I was in a much better mood than a few moments ago.The drinks started coming out along with that piping hot yummy bread with olive oil. I ordered a bowl of soup instead of a cup, but received a cup instead. Our server rectified that and brought out a bowl of minestrone soup that could of feed a family. She charged us for a cup instead of a bowl. I guess I need to stop assuming things when dining out.I ordered a regular Chicken Paraseam which was 2 cutlets versus a lite version which was one cutlet. I loved the Chicken but the broccoli was way way (added emphasis) too garlicky for me. My wife's garlic mashed potatoes were excellent; she also ordered the Chicken Bryan which she enjoyed. I would definitely go back to Carrabbas, we spent about $37 before tip without any alcohol.
4	Chain Italian isn't high on our list but we had a gift certificate so why not....I was pleasantly surprised!  Complimentary bread (soft, crusty, warm, yumm-o!) and olive oil/spices to dip in got us started in the right direction.  We ordered spiedino di mare (grilled shrimp w/ some kind of breadcrumb topping & cream sauce) and broccoli from the regular menu and espresso rubbed ribeye w/ garlic mashed potatoes off the specials.  Salads with both entrees.  We were both delighted with our choices.  The steak was cooked as ordered and enough for 2 meals.  It was all I could do to stop myself from licking the shrimp cream sauce off my plate.  Did I mention I was surprised?  Yes, well it was a very enjoyable meal.  Service was basically good, we were in and out within 1 hour.  Total for our meals w/ 1 soda came to $45.  Not open for lunch during the week.  Too bad!
4	After looking at the reviews and because it was close to my hotel I decided to give it a try.  I had a very nice meal.  The chicken parmesan. Very tasty and portions were very good. Had a nice spicy kick to it. The price was reasonable. A very good chance I'll visit again before I leave town.
2	So it's nearly two years since my One Star "Avoid" review and we found ourselves at the local AT&T store nearby. It was after four on a Saturday afternoon and we decided to get something lite and to give Carrabba's another try.  Here are some quick observations: In the kitchen, there is only one broiler for cooking. At Macaroni Grill, there are three. So even though we were here when it wasn't busy, the broiler was in constant use.  It makes you wonder how they would manage during a busy period. Second the decor is very late seventies, and clearly in the need of updating. Our server brought us a dish of oregano and EVOO for dipping, it was off the chart salty.  We ordered the Chicken Parmiagna Ciabatta, with a side cucumber salad for $10.00.  Along with a Pizza, two toppings for $10.00 and a side Caesar salad for $2.50.  Both were good, though not memorable.   Our bill came to $24.51 before the $4.49 tip. Well, until next year then, maybe.
5	We went to Carraba's for the first time in late December for the first time and it will not be our last.  We travel to Scottsdale at least once a year for a week's vacation given our experiences on this trip will make Carraba's our first night dinner stop instead of Picazzo's which has changed their menu and ingredients.Carraba's was very good food and excellent service for our family of four, one teen and one pre-teen plus mom and dad, for a very good price making a terrific value.I had the veal marsala and it was perfect, my older daughter had a terrific pasta with grilled chicken and other daughter the lobster ravioli, both winners.  Mom and went for soup and salad and enjoyed them both.We will make many return trips to Carraba's on our visits to Scottsdale in the future.
5	Listen, I don't just fling around 5 star reviews, especially not for chains. Sorry.BUT:This place where it's at. If you want middle of the road ($-$$) italian food, PLEASE don't ever eat at Olive Garden again. Ever. Say it with me: "I will never eat at Olive Garden again." Okay, good.The food at Carraba's is tasty, it will never surprise you or floor you, but you know what to expect and it's good quality. This is a franchised restaurant, so each one will be run a bit differently, but I've had very good experiences overall. Service is good, and it's a really great place for a nice but casual date or a family dinner.Here's the thing, and the real reason for this review: I had the most impressive management experience here. It was actually last summer, but I never reviewed it and can't handle the guilt of letting this good deed go unnoticed. My fiance and I had just finished working out and swimming laps at the swim club at Shea, and we were starving. We wanted Italian, but with options to make it somewhat healthy. At the time we'd never visited Carraba's, but had heard good things, so we went in. Quickly realizing we were underdressed in our board shorts and flip flops, me with wet hair and goggle marks still on my forehead, we just said "oh, thanks, but never mind" and turned to walk out. I kid you not, the manager followed us out and invited us back in. When we said we were embarrassed about our apparel, he offered to take off his tie and button-down shirt and just wear his undershirt if we'd feel more comfortable. I thought he was kidding. He sure did untuck his shirt and unbutton his sleeves!This spoke volumes to us about the type of restaurant this is; they truly value patrons and make sure everyone feels at home. I love this place so much, they're catering  my wedding.
5	This is by far my favorite Italian food in town. We eat here ALL the time, it is amazing, never had a bad dish, amazing bread and good service.
5	My wife and I went here for our anniversary.  I ordered the johhny combo and my wife got the chicken Bryan.  Our server Drew provided us with most excellent service.  The food was excellent even when my sirloin was well done instead of medium like I asked for.  The marsalla still gave it a great flavor and it was still fairly tender.  The chicken Bryan is also very tasty.  Overall a great experience, which is exactly what we were expecting from going a couple years ago.  The negative reviews here about new management and bad service are unwarranted, at least from what we experienced.
5	Two words: Chicken Bryan. You have the key to my heart if you set that plate down in front of me. Chicken Bryan with the sauteed spinach 'n' garlic, and a Caesar salad -- that's weapons-grade awesome right there. Yes, I've had other dishes here: the rigatoni martino was my favorite for a long time; the mezzaluna is yummy; so is the chicken marsala. I've never had anything bad here. It's almost worth it to visit for the bread they bring you first. Paired with olive oil and those seasonings, and that's all the tasty appetizer you need. They have sangria, though I'm always driving and so have never had it (don't drink and drive!). They also have desserts but I'm always too stuffed. This Carrabba's is one of only a bare few in the Valley - this one is in north Scottsdale at Scottsdale Rd and Frank Lloyd Wright/Bell. Plenty of parking, and outside seating when it isn't too hot.
4	Very good food, AMAZING bread herbs. Service was phenomenal and very friendly. Great restaurant.
2	Could have just been a bad night for the place. It was late, close to closing time and maybe everyone just wanted to go home. Food was ehhh, the veal in my 1/2 portion Veal Piccata was kinda shriveled and scrawny; the service was ehhh, the server took our order and then came back 5 minutes later and asked if we were ready to order. I've eaten at Carrabba's elsewhere and thought it was good so I will give this one the benefit of the doubt and try it again sometime. Everyone's entitled to an off night, right?
1	Unbelievable bad customer service and lack of attention to basic restaurant customer requirements.We were looking for a Happy Hour on a Thursday, and found them online listing their Happy Hours as 4-7 so went in at 6:00 pm.  There were two booths open in the bar,  but full of dirty dishes.  There was a long community table in the center of the bar area.I sat in a dirty  booth waiting for friends who were parking the car.  5 minutes later,  no service, no cleaning no acknowledgement of me a the booth even though there was a server for the other 3 booths of people in the bar.  My 2 friends join me and we decide to sit at the clean community table.  Another 5 minutes no contact no service.  Went up to bartender who had only one customer sitting a the bar, and asked if anyone is servicing the tables.  She said the community table was up to the restaurant hostesses to manage.  I asked if the available booths in the bar could be cleaned off so we could sit there,  and she said that server for those booths doesn't start until 6:30 pm.  So, there's no service available for your bar patrons??  She said "Go ask the Hostesses,  I really don't know."  So I go to the Hostess stand where there are 2 girls about 18 working the stand who look all surprised that there would be a customer in the bar who wanted service.  They also said they were not ready to have service at the open tables in the bar. !!?!!!?  Then a manger came up and said, "Sorry but we don't have any available servers in the bar until 6:30."  REALLY???!!!  So of course we just walked out.  Unbelievably Stupid.  How can this be happening in this kind of establishment?  You will have to be your own busser and waiter too, apparently.
4	I ordered take out the other night through the online ordering. The ordering system was seamless and user friendly. When i came in the staff was extremely accommodating and they wanted to ensure my order was precise before leaving. I ordered the Chicken Bryan which was perfectly cooked even after the 20 minute commute home.  My meal was delish, then again anything with Goat Cheese is a hit in my book. I also ordered a shrimp special that was served in parchment paper. The paper kept flaking on to the food, but the taste was good , but it was a pain to eat around. I do plan to try other things here.
1	Called ahead.  Lost our name.  Waited an hour.  Placed in budiest table next to kitchen.  Staff disorginized and screeming above our table.  Mix up on wine.  Took 50 minutes to receive cold food. 4 star prices at 1 star service.  Never again
1	COCKROACH!  Oh, Carraba's.  I've always like their food and their service, but don't have the stomach to ever return to this location.  On my recommendation, the family came here for my mother's bday dinner in mid-July.  (Luckily) before our food arrived, something caught my eye on the half wall directly above the infant carrier.  In the middle of the restaurant at peak dining time, there was a roach.  I pulled the carrier away quickly and my fiance killed it with a napkin.  Roaches are possibly the most disgusting thing on the planet that I can think of.  I may have a roach phobia, if that's possible.  Anyway, we discreetly told the server who, to his credit, was incredibly alarmed and handled it beautifully.  He immediately went to his manager (we watched).  That's when it went wrong.  We waited for probably 10-15min for the manager to come over.  He followed protocol and told us our entire table tab is free.  He also offered to still serve us our food or send it home with us.  Uh, no thanks.  But then he asked for an address, giving the reason that the pest control company likes to contact us when this occurs.  This made us wonder about the frequency of this occurrence, so we asked him if this happens often.  If there is a time to lie buddy, it's now, but I'm not sure he did.  He said, "Well I don't want to say it's often, but it does happen."  Then he followed it up with a list of reasons why it happens---they come in on the boxes, etc.  This didn't make the situation better.  Then he told us they usually only see the roaches when they turn the lights on in the kitchen.  I know restaurant kitchens usually have some roaches and it's a controlled situation, but he made it sound like Joe's Apartment, and this roach didn't even talk to me.  To finish this long story, I purposely waited to write this review to see if the pest control company would contact us.  We never heard from Carraba's again or their mystery pest control company, and a roach out in the middle of a bunch of people in the early evening is a sign that there are probably many many more everywhere else.  Too bad for the servers of Carraba's--they really are top notch.  We moved nearby to Charleston's, and they were so good they gained our repeat business.
5	Been here many times, food is always great but tonight, Cathryn (not sure on spelling) our server, made it an amazing night.  She was personable, funny, suggested and had us try new things, recommended a great bottle of wine and made the overall experience the best we've had there!  A very nice family dinner with a great server, props!!
3	3 because usually a fan. Best for a chain but worried it's going down hill.  Last carry out order took ages! And last night we dined in. Server, I hope was new. He Didn't let us enjoy our meal. Surrounded us. Yet wasn't good. He knew nothing about wine. We do so don't expect much.  But if I order santa margarita you should know it's a Pinot grio. Also being your most expensive wine. It's not reisling sir. Food was cold yet came out on top of salad. Just eh
1	My family and I have been going to carrabba's since 2000-the one in arrowhead, I have had the worst food here at north scottsdale the 4 times I have visited- I was particularly overwhelmingly disappointed when we had out of town guests and carried out,-the cozze-in-bianco was the worst ever, the sauce was over-sweetened butter-water the food quality was very poor.  My husband and I had gone there in the summer also, I ordered a meal that was cooked in some kind of paper-only to find a pile of rice with what looked and tasted like dried up "veg-all" in it.  We eat out a lot and I seriously don't recommend this carrabba's location as a dining choice.-they are not worth spending your money on.  Bad job consistently...Kim
1	One word: CockroachMy last visit to Carrabba's was for dinner. To be fair, this was five months ago. While eating appetizers/salads, I noticed a cockroach on the wall behind me and I killed it with my dinner napkin. When I (naturally) brought this to the manager's attention, I was astonished to behold a rather cavalier attitude about it. Mind you, this was during peak dinner hours and the restaurant was packed. Cockroaches are somewhat elusive creatures so I can only infer that there is quite an issue with them here. I didn't want to disturb other diners or cause a spectacle at all but it is constructive to bring such a thing to a manager's attention. I think we can all agree on that.  I was respectful and discreet. The manager stated he was going to call the exterminator and requested my phone number and address. We never heard back. Crickets. We left and didn't bother with our entrees that just showed up. The manager didn't charge us for the salads/appetizers that were half-eaten given the irrefutable proof of the dead cockroach in my napkin. We went next door to Charleston's and had a good meal. I tipped the waiter at Carrabba's 20% of the (anticipated) bill because he handled the situation with class but I can't say the same for the manager.  This was my third trip to Carrabba's and I thought the food is pretty good for a chain restaurant but I haven't been back since, obviously. I don't relish Cockroach as an ingredient in my food.
1	I go to Carrabbas frequently and this time happened to be the worst service experience I've had at a restaurant in recent memory. Server disappeared, manager was rude and the entire experience sucked!
1	I like to grab curbside once in awhile thought I would tonight... No parking ... food not ready didn't even know where my food ticket was.. Oh did I mention 20 min later I'm still waiting!? What... Very disappointed! Will not be coming back to this location for curbside again! Fail Carrabbas & shame on you for not even apologizing or attempting to make it right
3	Traveling in Scottsdale and excited to see a Carrabba's as we frequent the location in Las Vegas.  Greeted and seated immediately...good so far.  Drink order taken while I was away from the table....brought as I was sitting down and wanted to order an appetizer.  The drinks were placed on the table and our server (Lindsey P) started to walk away.  I had to stop her to ask her to put in the appetizer order.   Found out there is a "new" menu and when we placed our order......from that new menu, she questioned if what we were ordering was on the menu........turned the menu around so she could see it in writing......I realize it's a "new" menu, but it is her job to know it!  One order of chicken marsala with broccoli and one grilled chicken with a side of pasta.....Order is brought out by a manager and it's two marsala.  The manager was great, left the second order so we could start on the pasta side and put in a special order for the grilled chicken.  Server comes by and asks if all is ok.....I tell her that my order was wrong but the manager was taking care of it....she said it was wrong....like I didn't know what I ordered......Chicken comes and is good.  We get the bill and we notice that the appetizer is over-charged by $1.00 and we are still charged for two marsala ($3.50 more).....had to ask her to re-check the bill and all the time got the feeling that WE were being difficult......SURPRISE, she came back and we were given a new total that was $4.50 less......and a sorry about that.....might have well said "whatever"......If it weren't for the manager I don't know how that dinner may have turned out.  It's too bad because it was 5:00 pm, and the restaurant was still empty.....no reason for attitude or so many errors.  Can't wait to get back to my Las Vegas location where the customer is treated well!!!
5	Corena is a magician when it comes to preparing catering orders!  We last ordered for a birthday party a few months ago.  I just didn't make time to logon to yelp to finish the review.The options are tasty, compliment one another, and keep our guests, young and old happy.  I highly recommend Carrabba's grilled salmon.  All the pasta dishes I have had have been excellent as well.  The catering staff's supervision is what makes the food just as presentable at home..
2	Not really impressed with the food here. The service is just so-so. Came here in February with my boyfriend. I ordered the shrimp risotto and he ordered a pizza. Came out in a timely fashion, but the taste was very very subpar. My boyfriend seemed to enjoy his pizza, but the major downfall of the meal was the shrimp risotto. The shrimp had a fishy taste to it (not altogether too normal), and the risotto was overcooked and mushy. The sauce also was very sweet, which was unappealing to the palette, especially when combined with fishy-tasting shrimp and mealy risotto. The only thing I really, truly enjoyed was the complimentary bread before the meal which is served hot and with extra virgin olive oil and a cracked pepper seasoning. That's about it. Overall, the meal was not worth $50.. Won't be back anytime soon.
1	This is my second time having a problem w curbside. The food is good but the process has caused delays with no service recovery. The delays impact food quality. Today I ordered curbside. Pick up, pay, and tip (about 18%). I leave get close to home and they phone me that they gave the wrong order. Turn around, go back to get correct order I am offered a desert. Server took the original bag from my car and placed it to the car next to mine.  Pretty sure he should not have done that. This is my second issue w curbside and the recovery and process delivery failures are a reflection of poor management and decision making. Recovery should have been redo both orders and provide a comp'd meal upon next visit.
5	This is my favorite restaurant! The mussels and the chicken trio are the best things on the menu!!!!
1	We went to Carrabba's for lunch Sunday(today 8/10/14) and we both had the Parmesan Crusted Chicken salad(the Parmesan Crusted chicken is seasonal and it's our absolute favorite item when it's available.)The salad was VERY oily(the ratio of the dressing was incorrect...which I pointed out to the server and she could have cared less)The Parmesan Crusted Chicken on top of the salad tasted like it has been made early in the day and REheated..was NOT up to parwould we go back...NO
5	#Sorrynotsorry, but I like this place. If you turn your nose at chains that's your prerogative, but I think this place is really good. I've been coming here awhile for both my sister & mother's birthdays & we're big fans of the food and service.I don't like to get "traditional" Italian food when I come here, because in the back of my mind I know I'll compare it to homemade stuff, and that's why I get the chicken o'brien. It's yummy! They've had this promotion going on at Carrabba's the past couple months where they've been pairing two different entrees, so I've been getting the o'brien w/the pork tenderloin which is also yummy. I usually get it w/either mashed potatoes or green beans, both of which are delicious. I also LOVE the salads that come w/entrees at Carrabba's. I always get the creamy parmesan, and I love that they throw in a few greek olives and the fact that the salad is super cold (and comes on a cold plate). I like when restaurants do that w/salad. The pre-meal bread is soft, warm, and delicious as well. I've had a few different appetizers here, which have all been good, but I LOVE the bruschetta! I like that it's "build you're own," and I like that there's a few different varieties. Granted, I've always came here late afternoon on the weekend when this place isn't very crowded, but I've always had really good service at this Carrabba's. Like, REALLY good & attentive. The servers are always on top of drink refills.  For this food, price and service I love Carrabba's (well, at least this one), and I'll continue to come here.
2	Quality of meal was sub standard, pasta dish very starchy as was rice dish. Reported to manager who did not understand what "starchy" meant. She was not engaged did not seem to understand the difference between pasta and rice.
4	Last night guest and I had fabulous meals  He had the Jonny and I had scrumptious shrimp and scallops.  Gave 4 stars because the garlic mashed potatoes were bland and too loose and waitress kept forgetting to refill my guest's water.
5	I took my parents here for my dad's birthday. It was busy, but the staff was very accommodating. My father has a habit of talking with the employees. Though they were overtly occupied, they took the time to engage with him. The waitstaff have superb guest service. Our waiter was Brent. If I had to describe him in one word, it would be "intense." He was consistent, yet seemed to be in the midst of a juggling act with his tables. Perhaps the only reason I noticed this is because I, myself, am a waiter and bartender. He thoroughly explained the menu and gave excellent recommendations. I had the Pollo Rosa Maria. Definitely a great selection! My dad ordered the Lobster Ravioli and my mom had a pasta dish with shrimp and scallops. We tried each other's plates. Everything was exceptional! I would recommend this particular restaurant at this very location regardless of the occasion. We all left full and happy. I couldn't ask for a better birthday dinner for my father!
4	I ordered the pork chop Marsala, and it was very good. The chop itself was pretty tender and the sauce was very good. The mushrooms just topped it off, so delicious. The broccoli was great and the Italian chicken noodle signature soup was very nice as well. The staff were nice and our waiter explained everything into really deep... deep detail, which was nice so you could really understand what you were ordering. I would definitely have another visit to a Carrabbas restaurant!
