4	Located across the street from UNLV, there's this Starbucks. Located within UNLV, there's another Starbucks. A couple more blocks down the road, there's another Starbucks. They're not too hard to find. Their coffee is exactly what you'd get at any other location.I am reviewing this place as a means of a place to study. Say what you must about Starbucks coffee, but when I need to study, I'm not too picky on flavor or quality. I just want my caffeine, a somewhat relaxed ambiance, and music mellow enough for me to drown out, yet enjoy. This Starbucks tends to pull that off. I tried studying at the nearby Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, but their choice of music is too upbeat for me to focus, like a mainstream radio station.This Starbucks is a quaint little place. There are 4 tables inside that can seat 2 people, 1 table that can seat 4, and one large table that can seat around 6. There are a few lounging chairs about, if that's what you're looking for. Outside are many more tables, which are practically unusable during the summer because of the heat. Each table should have an outlet somewhere nearby if you have a laptop that needs juice. Plus, you do get free Wi-Fi here nowadays.Be aware, that this place does fill up during peak hours. You might not be able to get a table at this time. I tend to go to this place whenever I'm tired of sitting in the Lied Library to study. I practically live in that library during a heavy semester, so I do need an occasional change of scenery.Staff is friendly, caffeine is present, and the music is good. I can't complain about this place. I'm a fan.
5	So in the last four months, I have been coming to this Starbucks to look for a job. I love this Starbucks. Why - because they leave you alone for hours on end, it's close to UNLV so you get some good people watching, and there are a lot of places to sit.It's also clean as a mofo. See you here.
2	This is the second time at the drive thru Starbucks.  The girls working talk more to their co-workers then helping and paying attention to customers. I wish management would secret shop them and improve service.
4	This Starbucks is near UNLV on Maryland Parkway.  The baristas are quite competent, and their supply of pastries was good even for it being 1 in the afternoon.  The free wifi is really handy, but it's harder getting a table because so many people have made Starbucks their office.
4	i go to this one when im early for school and dont wanna deal with the crowd at the on campus onedrive thru is actually decent. we actually had time to sit inside and eat once, but the barista forgot one of our sandwiches. they dont take long, but when you have one and you're waiting for another one it feels like forever.all in all, i like this place because there really isnt too much of a wait, or no wait at all.
4	I frequent this particular store because of its convenient location. It's across the street from UNLV, so you know they are used to students that need a place to grab a drink and chill/study. The staff has gone through a few changes, but they all remain friendly and helpful. My only gripe is that the drive thru is slow. And it's always slow. When I stop by, it's pretty early in the morning, around 7am. I think they are staffed minimally (I think only 2 people) so there is a little bit of a wait, even if I am the only person in line.Now if only they accepted my Starbucks card payments off my iphone through the drive thru, then I'll be set!
4	Nice and roomy inside, conveinent location, what else could you ask for?
5	I like Starbucks. I like that they have good coffee, good drinks not coffee, and some good stuff to eat, too. It doesn't hurt that there is usually one cute girl who works there, and cute girls who are customers, too. I come to this location when I'm at school and want to get away for a minute. It's good to kinda relax here when you have time between classes, or even when you just don't feel like going to class. I should also mention that I like coming here because, as stated in a previous post, it's a great place to people-watch!They have free WiFi, which is extra awesome as I like to spend time here reading/studying/trying not to get on Facebook and Yelp! all the the time.
4	Honestly, who does not know about Starbucks? I bet the whole world could write a review about it. However, mine is not focused on the coffee that everyone loves. People and their coffee right? Well I am not a coffee drinker, and trust me I have tried. Again and again and again. I just cannot get past the taste. Those of you who join me in sticking out our tongues to coffee can still go to Starbucks. They have so much more than coffee. I am in love with their shaken green tea. Usually I hate ice tea, but their green tea is amazing to me. I cannot find anything that tastes like it. I have tried other green teas' but not like Starbucks. They also have a lemonade tea concoction, passion fruit, etc. Try something that is not coffee and you may find a new drug in the Starbucks world. I also enjoy their new bistro boxes. The protein one is pretty healthy and fills me up. It helps me to keep going sometimes. Who needs energy drinks when you have protein and green tea!I always enjoy that I can sit in a big comfy chair and just take a breather before class, work, internship, etc. Whatever it is that I have, I can hang out in the corner and just breathe, bobbin my head to the house music playing at just the right volume. Bottom line, Starbucks is way way more than just coffee. If you haven't tried it because you hate coffee (one person I know) please try something  else, different, and if your eyes go wide do to your taste buds jumping for joy, I will indeed tell you, "I told you so."
4	A Starbucks is a Starbucks, no different then any other. Pro's: The employees are always nice and polite. One even gave me extra scones because they were just going to get tossed out anyways. Con's: Because its near UNLV there always seems to be student's taking up all the seats for long periods of time. They never seem to be fully stocked up on food like the sandwiches and pastry's. But then again I am always coming late in the evening so I can't blame them if all the food got bought up earlier.
5	This Starbucks location is awesome! The employees are friendly. They have never messed up a drink of mine. It is next to campus (UNLV), but still feels like a getaway coffee shop. The wi-fi works great and it is right next to my girlfriend Kalila's house! It is surrounded by other great places to eat and I just can't think of anything negative to say about this Starbucks location.Kalila likes to invent her own drinks. Her Vanilla bean frapp with banana & caramel is delicious! Bananas foster in a cup! Well.... almost. HAHA.
4	This Starbucks location helps.  The school usually gets very crowded.  They always get my drink correct.  Wifi is free, there's indoor and outdoor seating.  Parking is fair and the place is clean.
4	Friendly staff,and always seems to be packed. Great place to people watch!
3	Can be very full at times! Be careful!!!
4	Good service
3	Starbucks Rewards program changes:  Gold Level, you get a free drink at 12 stars -- not 15 like before.No more postcards you used get in the mail telling you about your free drink. You get an email instead. You no longer get a free tall beverage when you buy your pound of coffee. Also, you'll no longer be able to add a syrup or soy milk for free. Now you get to choose if you want to use your reward on food or drinks....Give me free soy back! Yes I know, it's sounds like I'm whining for something free, well, I am! This is the Starbucks location I frequent the most as its on my way to work, so I'm here 3 days a week. I've  seen many people come and go here, I had my favorites and my not so favorites. I feel bad for not knowing the young lad at the drive thru, who has gotten to know me over the drive thru, my drink and food order is always 100% correct with him, he's always friendly. Now, there is a new employee, she's been there a couple months, middle aged with an accent, she is grumpy, never cracks a smile, usually gets my drink order wrong along with my food order, and she gets an attitude if I ask for something, when you're ordering a breakfast sandwich, do I need to ask for a napkin?? Or if I want the green stopper, can I get it without a fowl look? Starbucks is my reward to myself for going to work, yes I realize how pathetic that sounds, but I reward myself a lot with food and drinks. So get a different job if customer service isn't for you!
3	They get me my coffee. Good stuff!
5	Ok so here is the thing, for me almost all Starbucks are the same the only thing that will distinguish it, is if it is terrible. This one is not terrible just the contrary it has a great outside area. So if you are in the neighborhood and in need of a caffeine jolt, stop on by. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Favorite location! Convenient drive-thru which is often busy but the line moves quickly. Friendly staff who have never messed up my order. Inside is nice and spacious. My favorite location.
3	I love Starbucks but this is not my favorite location. The area is a bit run down and that translates into the store. The coffee is as good as any other Starbucks and the WiFi works. And of course, a Starbucks that's a little run down is always better than Dunkin Donuts anywhere.
1	Staff is not well trained. Had to pay 2,69$ for a small cold kids milk.
3	Their green tea smoothie is good and they are my go to coffee place if I want something really strong to wake me up.
5	I go here for Raychelle!!  I am a Starbucks freak! I went to Seattle just to visit the original one, as well as the gift shop at the corporate offices. I will stop at least one time a day to get my Frappachino fix, and I go to a few of them around town. The other day I went with my mom and husband. My husband was so surprised when I started ordering at the drive through and I recognized Raychelle's voice and SHE RECOGNIZED MINE!!! She is my little Starbuck's Angel, and she always makes my visit feel special. My favorite drinks are Caramel Frapp light and Green Tea Frapp without added sugar. Just typing this is making me want one!
1	Yuck. It's been a while since having starbux and I really haven't been missing anything. The aftertaste of their espresso drinks are the worst. Passion iced tea lemonade is the only saving grace for me.
1	This is probably the worse Starbucks I've ever been to. The bf and I just finished grocery shopping and needed a caffeine pick-me-up since it was only 7 pm. We walked in and it was pretty packed. No line or anything, but all the tables were occupied with people on their laptops. The trash was full and the sugar station was pretty dirty. I ordered a tall iced coffee with a splash of nonfat milk and the bf ordered a venti vanilla iced coffee with no milk. Pretty easy compared to drinks they usually make. They messed up the lady's order before us so they had to remake it, hence longer wait. All we ordered was a simple iced coffee but we waited about a good 8 minutes. And when our drinks were finally ready, the bf's drink was wrong because they put milk when he said no milk. So they had to remake that one as well. And the barista acted like we were such an inconvenience to her. Never again will I come to this one. P.S. Note to management; teach your employees some people skills. You can start by teaching them how to smile.
1	I ordered iced americano and sat here for longest time and went to check on my drink. My coffee was sitting there half way melted. Do they not call out when the order is ready? SMH.
1	Taking this time at 7 in the morning to say that I'm very disappointed with their customer service. Their cashier, Donna, needs a little more orientation time to say the least. It's 7 am on a Monday morning. I get it. Put a smile on your face and fake it till you make, you know what I'm saying?!  Maybe a desk job hidden away from people would better suit her. Happy Monday!
1	Customer service is a given:(... If someone is telling you what another Starbucks charges them just do it. We are curing cancer here, it's coffee! To upset someone that much over a dam price of a drink at 9am, really (Lynn) was her name, come on!!! She didn't even apologize after I had to get the store manager to be charges correctly! Luckily for Lynn her store manager knows customer service well & gave me my drink for free!
5	Well i was curious cause they have a lot of good reviews & badd. I bought skinny ice  Carmel Mac quad ex-carmel. Im in the drive wait time was about 3-5. im great with that as long as you  make my time go by. Not Only did donna fill me in on whats going this edc weekend she gave me All the 411 . . . . these ladies work really hard i can tell when someone is trying to be just a doosh(ASKING FOR FREE SHIT ALL THE TIME)  & they see it too. Keep it up U GuyS. . . .MEL. A REGULAR.
1	Live nearby, and 3 times in 2 weeks they messed up my drink. What's worse is that they are rude about it. I'm done with this location
1	This is the worst Starbucks I've been too. Got here at  8 :15 no line at the register but took few minutes to help me. As Cynthia helped me to the cashier no greetings, she just said how can I help you. ( mostly they say good morning and apologize for the wait but none of that was said) no customer service at all (very disappointing). I got my ICED GREEN TEA LATTE and I'll say it was the NASTIEST EVER, all the MATCHA was not stirred well in the bottom (I guess they're expecting me stir it myself).  It's bitter and was made very care less. If I don't like the way they make my drink it's okay as long as they have customer service but this location failed me with both. I can't believe there's a Starbucks like this. Btw this is my 3rd time on this location the last few times it's okay.  But today it's horrible and I'm just starting my day. I rather go to coffee bean when I'm on this side of town.
1	I have given this location a couple chances and they have failed me greatly. Every time I come they manage to mess my order up and I don't even order anything difficult. From now on I just take the extra 3 minutes to drive to the nicer location in front of the walmart on eastern and Russell. It's not just the coffee but the workers are quite rude as well.
5	5 Stars for Kenny (I think that was his name)!!! Everyone else needs to learn how to smile. Your work environment is surround by caffeine, take some espresso and wake up.... But Kenny was awesome!
