4	You don't have to be an artist to appreciate the bohemian atmosphere here. This neighbourhood is full of charismatic cafes, and Cafe Arts is no exception - mix matched furniture, vintage keepsakes, and a super-relaxed atmosphere.I've only eaten brunch here, and it was excellent, though I've also heard great things about both lunch and dinner.They make superb coffees, and, if you chose, they can be topped with 'coffee art' - where they create a little design in your foam.
3	I don't know if I could write a fair review based on having had one hot chocolate there, so please proceed with caution. I went with a girlfriend on a Friday night. We got there at about 8.15, so we only had 45 minutes before they closed. The waitress was really, really friendly and we didn't feel like she wanted to kick our butts out when it was nearly 9 either. The decor is adorable. Lots of hanging lightbulbs placed in proximity with each other somehow create a pleasant effect. Very artsy indeed. The vintage wood chairs and tables only add to the charm. I like! However, the hot chocolate was disappointing. First it wasn't warm enough, so it was hard to get those sugar cubes to dissolve. Second, the taste just didn't cut it. Nowhere near what can be called hearty and full-bodied as what hot chocolates should be. I would go back though, for sure. Just not for the hot chocolate.
4	Best brunch in Mile-End (IMHP). Two reasons: good taste and consistently solid execution.
4	I miss the great big stained glass piece and the klezmer jams but have to admit, in its new incarnation the food and coffee served at Arts Cafe is exceptional. Third wave coffee service, incredible big mugs of filter coffee or a perfect latte go great with lovely brunch options like the daily Benedict special (roast cauliflower with garlic hollandaise?! Amazing.)
3	Sipping on my soy latte from Cafe Arts I felt like i was back in Australia again... in more ways than I would like!!Firsty it had an impeccable crema, which is impressive for soy.But for $4.50 for a take away coffee! I think I'll shop around.$4 for a coffee in Australia is pretty standard but I expected more from you mtl.If there are any yelpers reading this who know here I can get a good latte that's not too expensive, feel free to give me a shout.As the breakfast options here, they looked divine! If I ever feel homesick one day I will head to Cafe Arts for a soy latte and poached eggs, and find comfort in having to fork out for it.
4	I've been here for brunch twice and was not disappointed on either occasion. The food is delicious, the atmosphere is charming, and the service is good. They serve each tea with timers, which is a plus if you're fastidious about how long you steep your tea. The espresso drinks are pretty good, too, though not the most amazing I've had in Montreal.The baked goods are pretty great. They look heavier than they are, in fact. I tried a piece of grapefruit cake with basil cream cheese frosting. I could not figure out what was in the icing at first, and when I asked the waitress what was in it, her orgasmic expression was everything: she smiled, tilted her head back a bit in pleasure and said, "MMm yeah, it's basil cream cheese." I have also tried the parsnip soup, which was very good, and the breakfast sandwich which came with a nice side salad. All were very delicious, though not quite as memorable as the unique grapefruit + basil cake, that I will definitely be trying to recreate on my own some time!If you go on the weekends, be prepared to wait! Though service in Montreal is definitely not super speedy, be prepared to wait for your food a bit, too, as the kitchen is very tiny.
5	Arts Cafe was recommended by my friend's AirBnb host as a good spot for weekend brunch. It was one of my favorite places that we went, and I would 100% return if I find myself back in Montreal.The space is beautiful. I loved the wood floor, the light and airy room, and the hanging lights. Even the books scattered around looked interesting: I could imagine myself whiling away a chilly afternoon with a pot of tea and some art books.The menu looked great, and I'm sorry I couldn't try everything. I loved the breakfast plate I got here: perfectly scrambled eggs, beautiful potatoes and parsnips, buttery toast and baked beans with a side of merguez. It was the perfect start to a long weekend of shopping and sight-seeing. My friend also raved about her smoked trout bagel and coffee. I stuck to tea: also top-notch. I've had a falling out with Earl Grey lately, but their version re-converted me. The tea timer ensured I didn't over- or under-brew it.The only thing that would make Arts Cafe better is if they moved to Brooklyn!
5	This place is ideal if you like having good tea somewhere that is not a dedicated tea house, with their attention to steap timing and their selection of leaves from Camellia Sinensis.Besides that, the baked goods are simply amazing. The regular food items are very good, but not quite on the same level of exceptional.
3	Before this place got taken over by new ownership, the olds art cafe was one of the many great weekend breakfast options.Back then their breakfast menu were named after famous painters, my usual order was "Le Wood". They used to have open mike nights of Tuesday evenings and their chalk board had upcoming events.The new incarnation has not messed with the decor. The menu is very different from before and methinks (not confirmed) they keep changing their brunch menu each week(end). The chalkboard was not there so I am guessing it does not double as a venue anymore.Because of my bias to the older Arts Cafe, don't use my review as a touchstone. Maybe you will enjoy their fancy brunch offerings.I did enjoy flirting with the Australian host, unfortunately she is probably back in Melbourne! Oh well, maybe next I'll flirt with somebody from exotic Cairns or Darwin!
5	Can't say enough about this place great coffee. Food that looks like art. And a chill coffee bar vibe. I've had everything on the menu and so far would have to say order anything you won't be disappointed.  Also get a scone the jams are homemade and served with a decadent clotted cream. Will be back here when I come back to Montreal
2	i was looking to join the coffee crawl group today but seems like i didn't spot them. anyway, i used my passport for a free coffee so i could get an idea of the hype (with the mega lineup on weekends) behind this place.was it good? yes (but not awesome like it makes out to be) and it was the only highlight for me. the service was fucking dreadful unless you were doing a sit in, in which case, the wait would be somewhat manageable.as i was waiting in line to be served and to get my order, i got the chance to admire the barista work. was there art behind the beverages? i guess so but what irked me to the point of almost writing off this place is that EVERYTHING was measured to the gram! and i mean, to the gram. nothing more, nothing less. which in turn, made the service slow as molasses. you know the hate hipsters get on the internet? i was totally agreeing with them internet people for that 30 minute or so wait (which mind you, was only for a beverage)the place is popular because it's well situated in mile-end but if it were somewhere else in town, they'd probably be closed, all because of the barista work.i still want to try the shakshuka (and their food as it looks not bad at all) but i guess i'll go during the somewhat slower week days. no more "on the go" during weekends
4	I Had never been to this place and lived in the area 6 months. Now after the first time I've found myself back there 5 or 6 times to eat in under a month. The place has a really great atmosphere, not too loud but often quite crowded especially on weekends.Having tried a lot of their menu now I can personally recommend the Shakshuka for something savoury and if you have a sweet tooth you can't go past the waffles. They were just amazing!Their coffee is also great and the staff were very friendly. Their lattes are quite large and I'm not really a fan of that much milk so I've stuck with the cortados or espressos there and have not been disappointed yet.Be prepared for a small wait if it's a nice summer morning on a weekend. The place is quite popular
1	This place used to be one of my favourite brunch/coffee spots. However, some of their staff is very very rude. If the management thinks that people will come to this place back no matter what, they should think twice. Montreal is a small place, and people know what's going on. I have experienced horrible attitude from the servers two times and heard/read many things on Instagram regarding the servers and service. They have to get their act together. There're many other brunch spots out there. + I'd rather pay for a decent food and a friendly service rather than eating at "the" popular spot.
2	I had come here a few months ago and had quite liked the eggs benedict and the waffle. However, after going back again recently, my experience was very different. The waffles we ordered lacked the "seasonal fruit" as indicated on the menu, consisting simply of 5-6 blueberries. The breakfast sandwich lacked substance - the "guacamole" consisted of a mere tbsp of avocade spread sparsely over the bread, and the taste was quite bland. Also, we were only informed when ordering that the sandwich is no longer offered with a side, as indicated on the menu. However, we were given the option of meat or polenta. At the end, I did feel quite dissatisfied paying $8 for a sandwich that was 90% bread. I've given two stars this time because their lattes and coffees are still quite delicious.
4	Me and a GF were looking for the famous Fairmont bagels and when we realized that meant grabbing a bagel to-go, we decided to go elsewhere for a real sit-down breakfast. Arts cafe was just around the corner and happened to feature a Fairmont bagel in one of the entrees!We sat outside. The service was ok, not especially attentive or quick. We ordered differently so we could both try their cuisine. The restaurant inside is very cleverly decorated. Def fits the "arts" cafe brand.
