5	Dr.  litchfield  is  the  best  Endocrinologist.   A  very  brilliant,  caring  and  respectful  person.   He takes  the  time  needed  for  a  proper  diagnosis,  listening  to  his  patients  in  detail.  He's  also  an  authority  on  scanning  procedures  and  does  them  in  office.   His  bedside  manner  is  comforting  and  kind.   I  recommend  him  without  hesitation
1	I just switched practices because of how rude and unhelpful the office staff is .  This is by far the worst doctors office I have ever had to deal with.  They over billed me by 800.00 dollars and took 3 months to get it back to me after countless calls and complaints.   If you have the option to go elsewhere ,  do it!!!!
1	The staff at this location just take the cake. They are pure rude just unkind so not humble or friendly people. How can they help people with such nasty attitudes its beyond me. How they have a job at all is beyond me. I will never return here.
5	DR.  LITCHFIELD  has  been  my  Doctor  for  a  little  over  three  years  and  I  have  made  remarkable  progress.   I  will  always  be  a  patient  of  his  because  my  condition  can  change   rapidly  and  needs  careful  monitoring.  I  feel  confident  in  his  care  because  he's  always  very  thorough  in  his  exams,  testing  and  scans. When  I'm  at  a  visit  with  him  I  have  his  full  attention,  he  has  never  rushed  through  an  appointment.   He's  an  intelligent  and  caring  physician  who  has  respect  for  his  patients.   His  office  staff  is  top  notch!   They  have  always  been  very  helpful  and  kind.   I  have  recommended  him  to  many  people  and  they  have  all  had  great  experiences  to  report.   There  isn't  a  better  Endocrinologist  in  Southern  Nevada.
2	He's strictly by the book. Relies on the numbers, no intuitive or investigative thinking.The modality is medicate, operate or wait to see if you develop cancer.  If you want more of a holistic approach, or proactive treatment, think again about Dr. Lichfield.
