4	Any student in Edinburgh will tell you that Palmyra is an institution in its own right, and they're not wrong. With two branches near the university and surrounding bars/pubs, this is THE place to go when your late-night munchies kick in.Whatever you're in the mood for, Palmyra have something to satisfy your junk food needs, whether it be a full-blown kebab, a pizza, the walking home staplefood of cheesy chips, or my personal favourite the humus and falafel wrap.If your heels are hurting your feet, they have plenty of tables to sit at while you munch your way through your food, and the staff are always on hand with jokes and general banter. Or if you're keen to get home, they're more than happy to wrap everything up for you to take away.In fact, my only criticism of Palmyra would be the opening hours. Only open until 2am, it does pose the dilemma of leaving a club early but getting food, or staying out later and going home hungry. However, the fact that it opens at 10am every day means they're always there to sort out your morning-after-the-night-before junk food craving the next day.(Also at 6 Clerk Street, EH8 9HX)
5	Palmyra is a great place for a late night feast - whether you are returning from a night club with a few bevvies in you or from a massive study session the library and just need to get some for of comfort food - there is always something for you to enjoy. The food is great, and there are always massive portions (try the Shawarma kebab in naan rool, yum!) with the staff being some of the friendliest and funniest I know in any late night place in Edinburgh. If you decide to stay in the restaurant and chat with them, there are plenty of tables to sit and enjoy your food.
4	Best and affordable Lebanese cuisine in the area of Newington. I personally love their chicken wraps and their Babaganoush wraps. The wraps come in two sizes but medium will satisfy your appetite plenty. Even though it's open till late, it's not your average chipie- considering they don't even do chips or deep-fry anything!The fact that my Lebanese friends actually come to this place themselves show that the food is close to the original.Don't get startled by the chattiness of the guys who work there, they like teasing at times. There is also a student discount of 10% and free delivery to your door!
4	Coming to the rescue of horrible, greasy, and often rubbery kebabs is Palmyra. Complete with mouth watering food, student discount and chirpy staff Palmyra is simply an outstanding place to top off an evening on the booze or indeed if your just feeling peckish. Generous portion sizes and tasty sauces have always lead to me being a satisfied customer, even if I do wake up the next morning with rancid kebab breath I'll always come back for more.
5	Doesn't look very special from the outside.Doesn't look very special from the inside.However, they have the *best* chicken kebabs I've ever had the delight to enjoy, anywhere. Plus the service is tip-top fast and there's usually a free table if you want to sit in. Authentic quality food from the Middle East.
5	It's quite simply a waste to stumble into Palmyra ripped out your tits at 2 in the morning. Food this good should be feasted upon stone cold sober, otherwise you won't appreciate it properly. Lebanese cuisine might not be too well known, and there's no point in denying that it's incredibly similar to Turkish kebab house fayre, but in the case of Palmyra, it's approximately 100 times better.I got a mixed kebab, plated up so I could make my own mini kebabs with the flatbreads and yoghurt sauce supplied, and can't describe it any other way than mouth-watering. The chicken had a wonderful barbeque flavour, the donner was wafer thin and not greasy at all, the service was quick and friendly, and overall it was just a perfect experience in pretty much every way.As good a kebb as I've eaten anywhere, and right in the middle of a little hub of middle-eastern cuisine round Nicholson Square, Palmyra is unmissable.
4	This kebab/pizza shop is a favourite of students, and is especially welcomed after a crazy night out! They've got two outlets on the same street which strangely changes names every couple of feet:- so that's one on Nicolson street, walk southwards a minute or two and you'll come to the other on Clerk street. The staff are really friendly and never seem to change so it's easy to become a regular here. I've even been lucky enough to hear the troubled life story of a Palestinian member of staff, even if hunger did affect my capacity for sympathy. I LOVE their falafels, although I may have to coax them into adding a little more from time to time. However, do be a little more adventurous than I've been and try something else; having been there several times, it's proving difficult to sway me to try another dish, as great as they may look! From donner kebabs to pizzas, my friends have had the works, and I've only got smiling faces to report.. as for me, I'm loyally sticking to my falafel wrap!
4	I really have to agree here with the other reviewers. I normally wouldn't like this sort of place but somehow Palmyra manages to offer decent kebabs and wraps which are for once not greasy, salty fast food crap! Palmyra stays open late and caters for those trailing or wailing back after pubs and clubs close. However this place is probably best early evening when its not quite so busy or full of drunks but still has some atmosphere. Sit in or take away, Palmyra will put you right.My personal favourite here is the fallafel wrap. Even the small size is pretty filling for me (and that's saying something). It's fantastic value for money! And the staff are really nice too. Some quirky regular clientele also make this place surprisingly atmospheric.
5	This place has been a saviour on many a night out as well as on a quick library lunch break. They have a great variety of middle eastern food and serve an excellent pizza if you dont want to break from the norm. It should be remembered that they dont serve chips which has disappointed a lot of people on various occassions.This down side is more than made up for by the fantastic kebabs they serve. Say kebabs and an image of greasy grey meat pops into your head, here that image is dispelled. The chicken, falafel or lamb options are all delicious and freshs erved with a variety of sauces nd salad.If you'd rather not eat on the go there are a few tables inside and they have a great waitress service. The sit in menu has more options including a delicious mezze platter and lamb koftas.If you have any room once your done I highly recommend the baklava, sweet, sticky and delicious just how it should be.The atmosphere in here is always welcoming. Its one of the few places I would be happy to sit and eat alone. The chefs are chatty and the waitresses friendly.
5	I love Palmyra, I really don't know what I would do without them on Friday and Saturday nights. As soon as I walk in, they automatically know what I'm after- a 9 inch margherita. The pizza always tastes great and does, I have no doubts, wonders in ensuring the inevitable hangover the next morning is not too brutal. The staff are fantastic and are always up for a laugh and a chat. The place is a student hot spot as it is on the walk home from most of the clubs in Edinburgh to Pollock Halls, but even if it is not on the route home I will make a detour to make sure it is.During the day, they serve the food on plates, rather than the cardboard boxes they use at night and the pizzas also come with a chilli sauce and garlic sauce. They also sell a range of other food including falafels, kebabs and wraps.
5	A favourite for drunk students at the end of the night (early morning), but I would encourage anyone to please try it out in the light of day!  Palmyra is about a minute's walk from my office in Nicolson Square, and fuelled many a dissertation-writing-session.  Although there aren't too many seats inside, if you've got the time, sit down and enjoy your meal there - table service included.  Although their wraps and pizzas are no doubt tasty on the way home after seven pints, if you go in during the day the food is legitimately better.  In the day they take their time to construct the best wrap possible, and make sure it's fully heated through.  No cold falafel here.  That being said, I can only assume that the entire menu is good, as I always order the same thing: falafel wrap, no tomatoes.  (A friendly shot of abuse from the staff every time I pronounce tomatoes Canadian-style....'What's a to-may-to? We don't have those things here')Bonus: student discount!
5	In my days of frequent Saturday night clubbing, to leave the club early was not uncommon. Not because I'd had enough. Not because I wasn't enjoying my night. Not because I'd passed out in a toilet cubicle (happened once....once!).No, the reason was simple: Palmyra closed at 3:00.If takeaways were a race, then Palmyra would be their king!Two words, one reason: Mixed SchwarmaTake kebab meat, take chicken, take salad, take chilli sauce and chilli flakes, take yogurt, take a wrap and seal it up on all sides, toasted on the grill, take... okay, starting to sound like Renton now. Gonna stop... you get the drift.For that perfect 3am kebab fix, there are no competitors, absolutely nothing that immitates the amazing density, the mix of flavours, the balanced heat, the calorific glory that the Mixed Schwarma brings to the table.I defy anyone to find a better kebab in the entirety of Edinburgh.Since my late night clubbing days are few and far between these days, if I can find an excuse to be in that neck of the woods, I'll go, and lunch will be... you guessed it!Pretty sure they do other stuff to.....
4	Palmyra is really good, offers excellent value, and provides dishes that are high on flavour. I opted to visit "the morning after" rather than "the night before" as a pre-emptive strike, but whatever time you're there, you won't fail to be impressed by their tasty Mediterranean dishes. Overall, we said: "I was really pleased with Palmyra. Their simple approach to flavour-packed dishes, served in generously sized portions, was exactly what I was needing, this slightly hungover lunchtime. They have ample space for people who want to sit in, but I imagine they do a good amount of their business as takeout. Whatever the case, it's very much worth a visit, next time you're in the vicinity."
5	I must admit, I'm a fairly new convert to Palmyra, but seeing as a lot of my friends have been going on about it for years, and since I was in the area and hungry a week or two ago I thought it was worth a try.Now, I'm a carnivore through and through. I tend to feel that a meal isn't a meal unless it contains some sort of meat. But I was feeling adventurous that day, so I thought I'd try a small falafel and humous "sandwich", which is really a wrap. Oh my word, it was amazing. A veritable mixtape of textures and flavours with each bite, leading to me demolishing my lunch quicker than I thought possible.Having gone back for the chicken shawerma twice since (which may have become my new favourite meal), I've become a convert and may just have to go back again next week. And the week after. And maybe the one after that...
3	Yummy food at a decent price.  Top that with an amazing student discount and you've got a great place to go for a student on a budget.
5	Great kebabs at a decent price. I lived down the street from this place and ate here all the time.
2	I'm not sure why everyone rants about the falafel wraps from this place. Every time I've had them (quite a lot of times on nights out, I'll admit) the actual wrap has been very hard. This place doesn't stand out to me!
