5	I have been shopping at the farmer's market on 22nd St. and Camelback, Town and Country Mall,  for a couple of years now and I still get excited every time I go.  How many other local farmers are organic and accessible?  Bob has done an excellent job of procuring and growing really good organic produce, legumes and honey here in the valley!  5 Stars for ya Bob....get there early though!  Opens at 8:30 am...We also use his produce at our catering company and it never ceases to amaze me the difference between organic and conventional...I grew up in New England and we took local produce for granted, out here with all the mega petrochemical agribusinesses,  Bob is outstanding in his field..well maybe I hope he is in his truck delivering us his produce...if your a food professional...here is the contact infohttp://www.mcclendonsselect.com/
5	Outstanding! If you want the best produce in the metro area, go to Town and Country or the Old Town Scotttsdale farmer's markets. Bob is the best! He even has a roving chef telling you how to use your food and often hands out free recipes.
5	It definitely is as good as it gets. I drive from NW Valley every Wed for produce. Great choice, fresh and yummy. And the prices ... wouldn't get better deal even if Walmart had such great organic produce. Out of all farmers markets in the Valley this one is by far my favorite!
5	Number 100!! I'll keep it short and sweet.It's rare that I get out to the farmers market these days, but when I do, I head straight for McClendon's.  I love their huge selection of organic produce with lots of heirloom varieties.  There are always employees around to chat with, and I LOVE that Chef Payton Curry hangs out to answer questions about food and how to prepare, etc.  Bob McClendon is a super nice man who really does care about the food he produces and won't send out sub-par ingredients.  Their prices are very reasonable and their fruits and veggies are delicious!  During the summer heat, McClendon farm doesn't come to the farmer's market, so I guess I'll have to find someone else to use for my local veggie obsession.  Thanks McClendon family for all that you do, and the lovely food you provide!
