3	Nice place for what a pizza place has to offer.$8.95 for a Balsamic Grilled Chicken Salad (that can feed 2 if your ordering pizza etc.) You can get the $14.95 plate. Maybe that feeds 4?$9.95 for the Margherita: Roma Tomatoes, Garlic, Fresh Basil.Tasty good. Asked for extra garlic didn't seem to make it on this order. Or it could be the Garlic Cheese Bread ($5.95) was head & shoulders more "garlicy" so the pizza paled in comparison?Before, I have tasted some left over Thai Chicken pizza that was in the fridge at home, it was very tasty. Will try it fresh out the oven eventually. The Messy Sundae ($8.50)My visit was for a B-Day. (FREE they said on B-Day) This is a Very Tall (stands what looked like 1-1/2 ft.) sundae glass cascading with chocolate over a couple of scoops of icecream.It was fine finish to the stay!Mixed bag as far as customers go, the retired, the first date, the small family, even a table of kids babysitting themselves. Kids Menu available.Wait staff is on it. Lets call this a Pizza Restaurant with polished details and an upscale menu. Check it out. 3 other Las Vegas location with another opening soon S.Rainbow. And 10 more in SoCal.Only thing I noticed, at least for this time of year, the Sun crashes through the windows from off to the left. So be aware. They have blinds but I noticed that those annoying little streaks still get through for some time.I'll check it out again and get better layout details. for ya'all.-------------------------------------------------------------------------6/10/08Back again.Kids wars. Cell Phone wars. wtf!?Salad was nice again.Thia Chicken Pizza was good indeed.Of all things to order someone got a Pepperoni. Looked like shit. Kinda pooled up some oil. Yay, lunch tomorrow. I guess if you stick with things that you can't get at Pizza Hut your ok here. Duck Tacos for one.........next time, next time
4	I have been to this location 4 times, and each time have had a great experience.  Their happy hour, from 3-6, includes half-price tapas, beer, and wine, so we make a meal from their extensive (18 items) tapas menu.  They have a great wine list, with a description and rating for each wine.  I made a reservation for 12 once, and they had the table ready and were expecting me when I arrived 10 minutes early.  Attentive wait staff, great food, relaxed atmosphere.  Only complaints:  A little hard to see if you're sitting in the sun (welcome to Vegas, though).  Crab & spinach dip has too much onion.
3	When I'm in Vegas, I always make a point of stopping at Sammy's. the balasamic grilled chicken salad is out-of-this-world. And don't forget the big messy sundae to top off all those greens at the end of your meal. Good stuff!!
2	I had a craving for pizza. So this is where the review starts...We decided to go to Sammy's and I was pleasantly suprised at the outside seating area. Unfortunately, I get cold easily so I stayed inside. However, there is a nice little fire going with booths and tables surrounding it. I opted for the Tuscan pizza while my bf chose the New York. I secretly liked his better and was jealous that I didn't chose that one. But we share so I did get a piece of the pie. I choose Tuscan because of the arugula and prosciutto. I know prosciutto is salty but it didn't seem to fare well on my pizza. Plus, I didn't know that it was fresh arugula on my pizza... It was a suprise. But I ate the pizza with no complaints...However my friends.... the NEW YORK pizza was delicious.  MEAT! MEAT! MEAT! Could have had more salami but I guess all good things in moderation. Would I go here again? Possibly. But I think I'll try out other pizza joints in the area first.
4	Came for Happy Hour which is 4-6 daily now. Half off tapas and drinks (wine and beer)...only beer that was sounding decent was Sierra Nevada so skipped out this time. One nice surprise too is for the month of April Favorites and New Stuff are half off also (4 kinds of new pizza- tuscan, caprese, sicilian, diavola and 1 artisan type- feta, ahi sliders, chicken chile tacos, kobe chili, white tuna salad).Had mini duck tacos- these were so cute! They were good too though...nice bbq flavor on the duck and like the feta with it.Tuscan pizza- prosciutto, artichoke, olives, arugula. It was pretty good but with prosciutto and olives it made it a tad too salty and kinda made all the rest of the food salty.Ahi sliders- one of my favorite things here...3 sliders and comes with seasoned fries and a pickle. Pretty good patty, slightly spicy.Not too much beer selection, but they do have some Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. Decent, fresh, goes with everything we're eating.Service was good..never had to ask for another drink and I'm a thirsty one needing several refills of ice tea! Best all- this is like a few blocks away from the house so good to drop in for HH.
4	My boyfriend and I went here just to try it out since everyone that we knew said it was good. He ordered the Mini Burgers (Kobe Beef) with fries which had 3 mini burgers. It was delicious! I ordered their pizza, it was good but just really oily. But the best thing of all is their mini duck tacos, they are so small and cute and oh so fantabulous! Totally recommend it. It comes with 6 mini tacos for only $9.95! Over all I've been here about 6 times and always try something new...I recommend:Mini duck tacosPastas are delicious (they are pretty big so you can actually share with someone) Shrimp with angel hair is my fav which is $14.95.Lebni with flat bread is oh so mouth watering! Only $8.95 it's a great starter!Kobe burger $10.95I've tried more but wasn't a big fan like the mahi mahi tacos, not the best I've had! Lobster bisque is okay not the best I had!Anyway, this place is really small but the staff is friendly and lots of parking!
5	This is really good Pizza!  The gourmet special with truffle oil is awesome, my other fave is the BBQ chicken but all the pizzas are good so good that I have not tried the pasta dishes and we have been here at least 6 times.
4	Picked up take out from Sammy's today.  It was pretty good.  It may have even been better if we had eaten in the restaurant because the pizza did sit for awhile and the salads were in plastic containers.The pizza really reminds of CPK.  Same small pizza and similar flavors.  We had the Margharita and Pepperoni pizza.  The dough had a good taste which is important to me.The salads were ok- like I said probably better in the restaurant.  The hummus was delicious, but the flatbread was a little dry.I ordered the donuts and they looked fantastic, but I did not get to try them.The restaurant is cute, the servers were nice.
4	Had lunch here with some people from work and as always its great.  The service was a little slow, but what isnt in Vegas.  I had the Grilled Shrimp Salad with a extra shrimp.  It was awesome.  The shrimp if full of flavor, and the salad had just the perfect amount of salad dressing on it.  Would recommend to anyone..
4	Had a house salad, prosciutto pizza, glass of Malbec.  Delightful way to end a busy week.  The house salad was one of the better house salads I've ever had - very well-dressed and I loved the kalamata olives.  Good stuff, i would definitely come back here.
4	I've come in a few times for Happy Hour tapas- they're pretty good and you can't beat the price. One note I wanted to put is that I had the Lebni cheese tonight. I like their flatbread and I like soft cheeses and Mediterranean spices... they put a spice mix on the cheese and all over the bread. I shook the bread and a lot of spices fell off so I would maybe recommend to just get spices on the cheese and tell them to skip the bread since apparently it is the norm to throw on that much spice mix. They replaced it with a new one right away. Got some duck tacos which are always good. Braised asparagus with Romano shavings, balsamic and prosciutto- perfectly cooked veggie. I eat a lot of "real" Italian food and this is something we definitely would have at dinner since it's clean fresh, simply done flavors.Service has always been decent here so I don't have any big complaints about this location.
5	Service is great and always with a smile. Big fan of both their salads and their pizzas. Try the Thai Chicken Salad - one of my favorites in town! Great happy hour with appetizer and wine specials. Ask for Jamie. Both of them are great!
4	I was pleasantly surprised in coming here.  I had passed by for years and always thought that for some reason it would have bad quality.  Boy was I wrong.  The pizza crust was just right, nicely wood fired and not to thick.  They had a good selection of toppings, so I didn't feel like I was stuck with a plain jane pizza.We came during happy hour and were able to try a variety of tapas  at half price.  I admit some of our choices were odd to go with pizza (hummus).  But they were good anyways.  I will come back.
3	I must say I was happy for the most part with this place.  I had the Sun Dried tomato pizza which was an all around good pizza.  The service could of been better, but hey I've had worse.  The only reason I am giving this place 3 stars and not 4 is merely because of the food.  Don't get me wrong the food was great, but I think I can find better pizza.  I'll try my luck with some other pizza joints before coming back here though.  Definitely worth the try, next time I will have to try the tapas everyone seems to be raving about.
3	I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the restaurant was because it was my first time going. I ordered the pepperoni pizza & was disgusted with how greasy it was! when my waitress finally came back over I asked her for extra napkins. Her immediate reply was, "for your pizza? It's always too greasy" I couldn't believe she would say that, number one, & number two that they are aware of the problem and still serve pizza that disgusting. Safe to say I won't be returning, papa johns as better pizza than them & that's saying something.
2	Had to send my food back, pasta was tough and sauce tasted like a can of chef bouyardee...
4	Finally a place in the Centennial Hills area that has good food AND good Happy Hour specials. I've ventured here with the family on more than one occasion and have never been disappointed. The last time I visited we had a rather large group and aside from some timing issues on delivering the entrees and the appetizers we all enjoyed it. They have a huge selection of appetizers ranging from duck tacos to coconut shrimp. It's all delicious! My personal favorite is the garlic cheese bread, which is simply a cut up cheese pizza without sauce. It is cheesy yummy goodness! The brie cheese pizza was tasty but spicy! I let my Mom try it and it burned her mouth. The waitress said that it's the oil that they coat the dough with prior to putting on the topping. I have tasted several other of the pizzas and all were delicious. The beet salad is also a fave. My girls like to eat the huge ice cream sundae. Not only is it huge, it is an undertaking fitting of 3 or more appetites. I'm not a huge dessert eater but the Sunday is a chocolate gooey masterpiece of indulgence that I just can't pass up! Their Happy Hour is half off apps and drinks!
5	Best place in the northwest!!  The staff is incredible! Jaime is hands down the best anywhere!! The food is amazing and if you want something a little different, they will create something for you! The truffle pizza is to die for!! They remember you and you always feel at home.  This is a weekly institution!!!
4	My son and I had dinner here for the first time and we will go back. The food was good and service was good, my only complaint is they only have bottle beer and not very many. They should have a few on draft :) I wanna go back for happy hour that is only from 4 to 6
3	Their Pizza is OK.  Tried it several time but have nothing good or bad to say ... just ok.I am a fan of their Balsamic grilled chicken salad.  Chicken is marinated and it tastes great, love the cheese and the walnuts as well.  I can taste the basil in the salad and I like the flavor it brings.  I would strongly suggest asking for dressing on the side.   Couple of times I forgot to ask for dressing on the side and my salad was drenched in dressing...I will be back but just for the salad (with dressing on the side... lol) not the pizza.
3	We got Pork pot stickers which are fantastic here. We shared a greek salad...Was fair.....then a thai pizza ...Gross I do not recomend this one....
5	Being new to the neighborhood we were delighted to discover a great pizza place.  We have ordered take out a few times and dined in once.  All the food and service has been great!
2	I have eaten at the Sammy's in San Diego lot of times, I love it. Tonight we felt like having pizza, I suggested a place in Summerlin that we love, but it is a bit to far from our house. We order take out from Sammy's and became very sad when we arrived home. We ordered the New York pizza, and the Balsamic chicken salad. The pizza did not live up the 13 dollars that it cost and the salad was wilty. I hope I don't wake up at 2am vomiting out of control.  :(
4	Really good pizza place my wife and I have eaten at five times. The Pizza Diavola and the Five Cheese pizzas are favorites of ours. My wife's favorite dish is actually an appetizer. It's hummus with ground kobe beef that has been seasoned with cinnamon. Sounds strange at first, but is delicious. Sometimes she orders it as her actual meal.
5	My wife must eat a gluten free diet. We ordered a gluten free garlic chicken pizza for my wife and a New York Style pizza for me. The best pizzas from NYC always have olives so I asked for them to be added. My wife was very happily with her pizza; I thought mine was nothing short of how pizza should taste. Excellent food, excellent service.
2	Had Sammy's for the first time last night. They have a huge menu. The hubs got a pizza (which looked amazing) I had the London Broil (I was craving a steak),The London Broil smelled amazing, looked amazing, and was SO tender, but had ZERO flavor. Im not even sure how that happens, but it did. Even with the mushrooms, and garlic... They  didnt help. The hubs said his pizza was "Eeh" but that the crust was amazing. For the prices, we expected better.
5	Besides a tasty menu using fresh ingredients and prepared fresh each day, for those on a tight schedule late afternoon or early evening, from 4 to 6 PM the happy hour half price tapas selections can't be beat. Ask Jamie the bartender for recommendations based upon your health issues or palate preferences, and he'll be happy to help you out. My friend who goes with me when I'm in town can't eat mayo or fries so Jamie made a great tasting healthy selection as a substitute. So, when I come to town, I try to stop when I'm in the area at least once. Don't forget the wine discounts included during HH 4-6.
5	One of my favorite pizza places in Las Vegas. I love the BBQ chicken pizza. It is my favorite. They have tapas happy hour from 4-6pm 7 days a week. My favorite tapas: Crab&Shrimp dip, mini duck tacos, and coconut shrimp. They have the best spicy crackers.
5	The service is great! I love their duck tacos!
4	While I've reviewed several other Sammy's locations in the Valley, I've never written one for this one, though we've eaten here before.  The occasion tonight was for a "milestone" birthday party for a friend, and we were able to order whatever we wanted. There were about 16 of us, and we were seated at two adjacent tables.  If that was the restaurant's decision, I applaud it, since it broke up that awful big-party long table that has some people invariably stuck, with no way to exit.  We had just one server who worked her butt off, but never once lost her cool or made us wait for anything.  I wish I knew her name, but never did get it.  Since this dinner party was called for 5:00 pm, which for us is really a late lunch (!), we weren't all that hungry.  Besides, we had an Oscar party to go to later, and expected to be able to nosh there, too.  So hubby and I shared the Mini Duck Taco appetizer, which is fantastic, and our mainstay Thai Chicken Salad.  The salad seemed bigger than usual, and was its customary delicious combination of romaine, shredded zucchini, chopped tomatoes, peanuts, and other goodies, complemented by a slightly spicy dressing that we get on the side.  We had enough left over to share as a side salad the next night.  My one complaint was that the chicken was overcooked and way too dry, but overall, this is a winning dish that we order over and over again.All in all, this Sammy's is not unlike all the other Sammy's, and the terrific service made for a very pleasant experience.
5	Oh man, our house loves Sammy's. We used to go every Thursday but we've been really busy and haven't been able to make it over- so now we get takeout. haFood:Our favorites are their salads and the pizzas.- Notably the chinese chicken salad, bbq chicken pizza and the vegetarian pizza. Ask for the balsamic dressing to dip the vegetarian pizza in. mmmmThe steak sandwich is also pretty stellar. We've had most of the menu at some point and have never been disappointed. Service: Service is always great. Everyone who works there is nice and friendly. We do request Janae (Junae?) though. She knows our order and is AWESOME. Also, the ambiance of the Sammy's is nice. Spring/Beginning of summer it's really nice to sit out on the patio around dusk and hang out with friends.Overall, we love this place, and can't say enough good about it!
5	Love this place!!!!  Great food and great people! Our favorite is Jamie C. he is excellent and we get the best customer service from him!  Ask for him the next time you go and I promise you will be astonished!!!!
5	Sammy's is one of my favorite places to eat!! They have an awesome wine selection and an awesome chopped chicken salad! I always request Jaime when I go into the bar. He is such and amazing bartender and friendly person! A+++
5	I love how their server's personalities are consistent. They really like to connect. :)
4	The happy hour half price tapas from 4-7 PM are an outstanding deal.  Duck tacos, hummus and crab dip are great.  Service was also fantastic.  Join their e club and get a free sloppy sundae on your birthday which is HUGE.
2	We only went there because we had a gift certificate. The caesar salad had been sitting in dressing too long and was wilted, and the croutons were so hard I nearly broke a tooth! My daughter, who is 13, said her basic alfredo pasta was "disgusting", and I have to admit that it was pretty gross, swimming in milk and completely lacking any seasonning. My husband's tequila chicken pasta was very bland. But my fish tacos, surprisingly, were very good! The menu is all over the place...Pizza? Lebanese? American/? Mexican? We don't know! WIll we go back? Probably not.
3	Just got a very nice email from the GM apologizing for our bad experience and explaining the whole "global cuisine" deal, and also to ask for a second chance. OK, I'm impressed. I might just do that. Stay tuned.....
4	Love this salad and usually order it to share with friends.  The dressing is just spicy enough, and the fact that the veggies are julienned, including sprouts makes this a great summer salad.Also, the Margherita Pizza (fresh tomatoes atop w/basil) is a delightful selection, with lots of gooey mozzarella cheese!A tip if you are ordering take-it - make sure you allow plenty of time at this location, if your time is limited.Try it!
4	This place rocks! Try the barbecue pizza, yes lawd; definitely hit the spot! Our server was attentive, funny, and on point. Will definitely revisit. Oh, don't sleep on the shrimp pizza. Their menu is diverse, and the one off of Durango is worth the visit.
2	What happened to the Daiya Cheese?  I didn't see it as a substitution option in the pizza section on the menu so I asked our server.  The menu was redone a few weeks ago so now there are only 3 options for vegans.  Not even the fried tofu with ginger miso is a vegan option - really, vegans are usually the only people that will consider ordering tofu from a non-asian restaurant and Sammy's isn't going to make that an option for us?Well, one order of hummus for me and a vegetarian pizza for my husband and here's the review.  (BTW, he asked to omit the eggplant from the vegetarian pizza but was told that the toppings were already mixed together.  What?  Are the pizzas  pre-assembled now?  Well, our order was up in less than 5 minutes which solidified my theory - total chain restaurant.  I know there are a lot of Sammy's locations but I honestly thought that freshly prepared food was still the norm.  The hummus was smeared on the plate with a sloppy dowsing of paprika and served with 8 wedges of flat bread.  I seriously wonder if the flat bread was vegan friendly because it tasted like butter was spread on it rather then olive oil.  I had to generously season the hummus with red pepper flakes for some taste.  The vegetarian pizza had no flavor.  Husband had to season with both salt & red pepper flakes.  We also deconstructed the pizza looking for any sauce which we could not find.  It did appear that the cherry tomatoes on top were fresh.  We ordered one glass of wine and one beer and that was all we had.  After consuming all of the red pepper flakes water would have  been welcomed but for some reason we were not offered it.  The other 4 occupied tables in our area all had water, including the other table our server was waiting on.  On the way out the door we made it a point to take water inventory on the rest of the occupied tables and confirmed that we were the only ones without.  After this experience the all too familiar conversation that we have in the car on the way home is titled:  This is why we never go out to eat.
3	Great food but slow service. Wouldn't have been such a big deal except while our food took over 30 minutes, the managers friends had food in less the 5 minutes!!!  Very disappointed.
5	This is my favorite Sammy's location in town. Even after moving across town I will still make the trip if I am in the mood for it. Has a nice atmosphere and great customer service. Management has always treated my family excellent, very attentive!I usually choose boring pizzas like pepperoni, but I do enjoy the duck tacos.Great place for something different.
5	Sammy's is:- A relaxing place for happy hour (4-6)! - Drinks, $2 OFF; Tapas, Half Price; Excellent Service.OUR HAPPY HOUR EXPERIENCE:- My wife and I had an enjoyable happy hour experience at Sammy's yesterday evening (Monday) over delicious food and drinks! - For drinks, we had Cab ($5/glass), which was pretty good. For Tapas, we had: (1) Mini Duck Tacos ($5.25), flavorful and great presentation; (2) Garlic Cheese Flat Bread ($3.50), tasty, good texture; (3) Lettuce Cups ($5), deliciously flavored finely diced chicken meat filling (though a bit too salty), with butter lettuce leaves for wraps!  They all tasted heavenly! - The service was outstanding! Our young lady waitress, Samantha, was extremely friendly and efficient! By the way, we got in the restaurant just 10min before the the happy hour was over. Samantha made sure that our drink and food orders went in promptly, and assured us that our second drinks would be at happy hour price, too. She was attentive, always keeping an eye on tables she served. - A great waitress, indeed! In fact, some guests came in a few min AFTER 6, and Samantha was still able to get them the HH prices! This is a good restaurant practice, also. Customers would appreciate that!We will definitely go back to Sammy's, and try out other dishes on the menu! THE RESTAURANT DECOR & AMBIENCE:- This Sammy's is in the large Grand Montecito Plaza; at the corner of the circular court yard. At the entrance is the bar area with an inviting bar counter and several bar tables. Both wings of the bar are 2 nice dining rooms. It also has an attractive medium size patio seating area by the court yard. One can enjoy HH anywhere in the restaurant. The windows along the entire front wall privides a pleasant view of the court yard. This restaurant has a relaxing ambience. Peterskis, Sept 2012
2	The service was slow we had to remind the waitress to bring us our water the food was okay. With no leadership taking action , we had to go up to the counter ask for Parmesan cheese and also give them the check and the credit card so we could leave. The food is mediocre at best for the service to be so slow, especially in Las Vegas given all the competition a great places for places to eat. It's okay you have all the time the world. I don't plan on returning any time soon
5	Went for lunch and had a great experience. We were immediately greeted upon walking in the door, and seated in a booth as requested. Our waiter was great, he has been our waiter on multiple occasions. He moved the table at the booth so I could place the car seat with my daughter in it down. We like ordering a bunch of tapas and sharing. We had the Parmesan Crusted Artichokes, Pork Dumplings, Baba Ghanoush, Wok'd Sesame Shishito Peppers, and Garlic Cheese Bread. All of the food was fantastic, the Parmesan Crusted Artichokes are a must if you have never tried them. The Pork Dumplings are great and the Ponzu chili dipping sauce they come with is absolutely incredible. I would also recommend the Wok'd Sesame Shishito Peppers if you want something different. Very light, with a lot of flavor. The Garlic Cheese Bread is absolutely heavenly!! Bottom line is you have to try Sammy's, and this is the best location in town.
4	Consistent quality in quiet surroundings.  Great salads and pizza for lunch or dinner and nice wine specials
5	Great bartender/waiter.  Don't know his name but he has taken care of us every time I have been in there.  Great server and always kept the beers topped off and was very friendly.  The Kobe sliders and the NY pizza was amazing.
5	Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and Grill has the healthiest food this side of Las Vegas! I highly recommend it for people on a Gluten Free diet. They offer very tasty dishes.
4	This is one of my favorite places for tapas n wine! Half off tapas and spirits from 4-6pm and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about their wine. If you ask them nicely they will give you a heavy poured "taste" of the wine of your choosing. I love the duck tacos, chicken lettuce cups and pan fried peppers. Their pizzas are all great and their salmon dish is very tasty. It's quality food on the cheap.
5	The lobster bisque and lettuce wraps are amazing.  Especially love the happy hour appetizers.
4	Yummy food and nice atmosphere with wonderful service.
3	This place is just okay, pizza is a pizza just gourmet style. Atmosphere is pretty laid back which I love alot! Did not really run through the menu because I except it more of a pizza joint. I will visit again but not in a top 10 of choices around my area! Staff were very assisting and checks on us at great intervals.
3	UPDATE! Since I've written this review (2010 incidentally...just recently dug it up and posted it, I'm sure a lot has changed since) Sammy's has changed the Fish Tacos to a tempting Grilled Hawaiian Ono served with a Chipotle Aioli Sauce. I'm sure any negative elements of my experience have long since been addressed. Here's my previous review. I'll update it as soon as I return! Thanks to General Manager Jay Hartwig for his quick insights!The Review: So it was Mother's Day and due to some illness with the kids, we decided to order out for some fancy foodstuffs. We finally decided that maybe we'd give Sammy's another shot after writing them off several years ago due to not being too impressed with our experience.After perusing the website (the kind of website with annoying music that doesn't give you an option to turn it off) we were excited to discover that Sammy's had FISH TACOS! Specifically Mahi Mahi tacos. Described as follows: Crispy Mahi Mahi Tacos with creamy tomato cilantro dressing, lime, guacamole and salsa with your choice of flour or corn tortillas.Well I couldn't pass up this opportunity to further my explorations of the plane of existence that only fish tacos are privileged to permanently inhabit. But I digress. Let me tell you about my experience...So after getting a busy signal a few times, I was finally lucky enough to get through only to wait about fifteen rings while worrying that they might be closed on Sunday following in the footsteps of their fellow local eateries. Upon eventually answering the phone, I was quick to order 2 orders of the Mahi tacos to go. My mind reeled momentarily when they asked if I wanted flour or corn, as this was a to-go order and I am no stranger to the short life span of a corn tortilla, when combined with fish and other assorted edibles. Yet I had to see....I had to know... so 2 corn and 2 flour, if you please. I was then asked if I wanted coleslaw or french fries with those. I know, right? Not exactly what I expected to hear, and honestly sent a sliver of dread up my spine for fear of my making a huge mistake. I then continued with ordering a couple more things off of the menu irrelevant to my literary endeavor, was told it would be ready in twenty minutes and bid adieu.Twenty minutes later, I find myself looking for a place to park. Fast forward to standing in the bustling lobby, anxiously awaiting my wife's beet and arugula salad while my fish tacos (2 on corn tortillas) threaten to decompose by the minute in the huge clear plastic container that they mock me from. Salad's here! See ya....time to haul my ass home!Aside from the environmentally catastrophic presentation, these things looked pretty good. It was also obvious that these were, for the most part, of the "Do It Yourself" variety. Fair enough. If they put salsa and guacamole in there and no chips to speak of, then apparently the condiments are intended for the tacos themselves. I felt inclined to oblige. I did notice something was missing though. The advertised "creamy tomato cilantro dressing". Bummer. I was somewhat looking forward to what they might have had to offer in that category. Needless to say, this posed a situation for the fish. Because now there was no hiding under some fancy sauce.I started with the corn tortilla taco first, due to the fact that the disintegration had already begun and because I didn't want to be forced to use a fork (For a taco? Bastards. Never.)Every bite of this particular taco was delicious yet awkward. The corn tortilla barely made it. I found it hard to focus on the particulars of this one due to all my thought processes going to keeping that thing together. On to the flour tortilla taco...Guacamole, pico de gallo, red cabbage, a squeeze of a juicy lime, a crunchy perfectly cooked piece of Mahi Mahi and a not too crispy, not too soggy flour tortilla equaled easy to handle deliciousness in every bite.Well done Sammy's, well done.Although how can I rate this first experience with this establishment's fish tacos when an apparent crucial ingredient, that was so proudly included in it's description, was neglected to be added to these tacos at all? I believe I have to review these again, which I don't think I'd mind. Although with being so impressed with the sauce-less tacos, how will I enjoy them when they do decide to add sauce? Will the sauce ruin them? Or will they just take those things to the next level? I'm not sure I like being in this position. Either way, part 2 of Sammy's will most likely be shorter.I would definitely recommend these for the people who like a fish taco with breaded fish. The corn tortillas would be sublime for dine-in, but for take-out I would recommended the flour. Actually, I don't think I'll ever order corn tortillas again for my fish tacos if I'm ordering to-go from anywhere. 3 thumbs up for the sauce less version...
3	Good food!!! But the service was slow...
2	Friendly staff, good atmosphere.  Inside or outside seating option is good.Small portions sizes, high price, compared to most pizza establishments.  Taste is average.They ran out of a gluten free menu item when we were there, so my wife got a menu option she did not prefer.
4	We like to go here for Tapas happy hour!  Fun little plates of deliciousness that are great for sharing.It's a good family place and our picky eater can always order pizza (there's a kid's menu).  Service is usually pretty good.
5	Came here because of the reviews, but wasn't expecting this place to be as nice as it was. Upon walking in, I almost felt as if my girlfriend and I were a bit underdressed. The decorations here are top notch and you immediately feel warm and welcome once you're inside. The host was extremely nice and asked us our seating preference before bringing us to our table. He also reassured us that were dressed appropriately as they aim to bring an "upscale casual" dining experience.Our waiter came by shortly after we were seated and took our drink orders of water and Blue Moons. We were partial to the tapas because they all looked awesome. He let us know that they were definitely worth a try but told us we need to come by again during happy hour where Tapas are half off and beers are $2 off. We were disappointed that we missed it by no more than an hour but ordered them anyway.While heading for the bathroom, I saw that there was a basketball game on at the bar. It's NBA finals so I couldn't miss it. When I saw the waiter come by I asked him if he minded us catching the end of the game at the bar instead and he agreed and moved our stuff from the table to the bar.Sitting by the bar was actually an excellent choice because we were able to watch the kitchen as they worked on our food. We ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese, Pork Dumplings, Crispy Tofu, Crab & Shrimp Dip, and Mini Duck Tacos.ALL OF THE FOOD WAS EXCELLENT. The mac and cheese was packed with flavor and each bite of crab was fantastic. The pork dumplings came with a great sauce that added just the right amount of punch to it, but the dumplings actually held their own without sauce. The crispy tofu was only lightly breaded, and was a large portion than imagined (Would cost only $4 on happy hour), the crab & shrimp dip was to die for and came with well seasoned Pita bread. There was actually so much dip that we ran out of bread and weren't even halfway through, so we shared the bowl...delicious. Then the mini duck tacos were piled with massive amounts of feta cheese and packed with a good amount of meat. Our only complain with them is that we dusted them off pretty quickly and would've of loved to have more.The staff managed to hang out with us, rant and rave about the basketball game, and still maintain fantastic service. It was effortless, almost like we were all just hanging out. I loved every second of it. We got the bill, it was a little under $75 for 5 tapas and 4 (bottled) Blue Moons. We would've been around $40 had we come during happy hour. (5 tapas is also A LOT of food for a couple). All-in-all, I think I may have found my new favorite happy hour spot. $20 a person gets you 2 bottles of Blue Moon and stuffs you full of amazing food. All with incredible customer service.
5	Duck Tacos FTW!!!!  This is a great chain, great location, and great kitchen.  I have never had a bad meal here.  The restaurant has remained clean even know it has been here for some years.
5	this is one of my favorite local restaurants! we visit this location at least twice a month and every time the staff is so friendly and the food is always great! they have a great variety of appetizers but we still have not tried them all. the woodfire pizzas are a great alternative to mainstream pizza places. the new york style pizza is great every time. even when they are busy it doesnt seem like its too crowded. they are also military friendly which is a plus! :)  i would definitely recommend this place to others!
5	First time at Sammy Pizza and Grill on a Double date with our friends. Best Service in Las Vegas Excellent waitress She made us feel so comfortable and are Drinks was always field If you haven't been to Sammy Pizza and Grill I highly recommend you Check it out. Number one in my book!!!!
4	Sammy's on Durango is a great pizza and tapas restaurant! My husband and I go there for Happy Hour (3-6)  often and are never disappointed. The food is unique and delicious (Mediterranean style---you've GOT to try the duck tacos). The service in the early evening is terrific!!! I give Sammy's 4 stars only because when e have been there during busy times the service is not as good. Otherwise food is outstanding and service is attentive.
4	Well this was a nice surprise. Cute little eatery hiding in Smith's plaza. I got the Flat Iron Steak. Hon got the Oak Roasted Chicken. Daughter got the Kobe Beef Sliders. I was good, daughter was good. Hon broke out the salt and pepper. Not bad just not what she was expecting. Clean plates though. Def going to be back. There's a whole pizza menu waiting!!! Can't wait to get back.
5	Love this place!! Food and service is always topnotch. I especially love the new kale salad from the Mediterranean menu.
4	Very good experience! The service was great.The server made suggestions! We ended up ordering the Greek salad and the sun dried tomato artisan pizza. The pizza was awesome! Loved the pine nuts ,and my boyfriend loves thin crust pizza and it was super thin! The one thing I didn't like was the tables were too close together!  And the beer selection was seriously lacking! Other than that it was perfect!
5	My sister and I call Sammy's "the usual" simply bc you CAN NEVER go wrong!Usually when she and I go we get and split the goat cheese pizza and Greek salad..... Or the vegetarian pizza (add goat cheese).I'm so obsessed that I go on weekends to get the Greek salad or my NEW favorite the chicken chopped salad with kalamata olives & a tropical iced tea! It's casual w/ upscale flavor ..... I don't find their prices high.... It's just too damn good to consider. Ha. We take family here when they come to town and it's a good spot for business meetings too!Good ol' faithful Sammy's......... I think I might just go pick up said salad tomorrow for lunch!
5	I had Sammy's for the first time at a meeting today. I called in the order and Jim was super friendly and helped me choose the perfect dishes for our group. The food was amazing! My fave was the vegetarian pizza. I've been wanting to try this place out, I will be going back with my family, not only because of the great food but also because of the great service.
3	"Healthy Global Cuisine." I like healthy food. I like food from around the globe. But I wasn't a huge fan of their global cuisine offerings. At first glance I thought this restaurant was having an identity crisis. Not quite Italian, not quite Asian, not quite greek, not quite fusion... so it just came out not quite good. I ordered the Oak roasted salmon filet. It was cooked perfectly which I give them credit for however it was sitting a top an "Asian edemame salad" which was swimming in a pool of ponzu sauce. The Ponzu flavor just completely overpowered the dish. They should call it Ponzu soup with some edemame. Ruined the dish for me.My husband got the pizza, can't really go wrong there. But there are many other restaurants that can fire up a good pizza.
5	We were in Vegas for a wedding and had some time to kill. Stopped in to have some drinks and snacks and we just had the nicest experience!The wine selection is very good, service is super friendly and attentive and the pizza was so good! After the bartender found out this was our first time there, he sent us a free hot fudge sundae and told us he hoped we would come back again!  I stopped in again on my last visit, because it stuck in my mind how good they were to us! Their service has gained my loyalty....great job, great food, a classy place with a laid back feel and really nice servers!
4	Gorgeous day to sit outside and enjoy lunch w my family. I haven't even gotten my pizza yet, but the service has been prompt and professional. The place is clean, although maybe (ma
4	Enjoyed a low key visit to Sammy's tonight. Started with a Ceasar salad for two and then had their pineapple pizza. The salad was ok and the pizza was ok because the crust a bit over baked. Service was fine as always. Over all a decent time. If you go to the Durango location, ask to sit in the dining room to the right as you walk in, it's much quieter there and the ambiance is nicer too. Have fun
5	Amazing food, tasty and creative pizzas. One of the hidden gems in las Vegas. I think the best meal since I moved here. A must stop and a new fav place!!!
2	Delicious food, but very expensive.  I ordered a Caesar salad with the whole breast of chicken and a beer that totaled out to 24.82 before tip.  I am guessing that the half of breast of chicken would be $3 instead of the $6 for the whole, but still $20... that place should be rated with $$$ not $$.
4	I have never had a bad meal here. I appreciate the variety but love my fav! Always pleasant service. You can even come with friends who need to be gluten-free and enjoy a pizza together. A good choice for group meals :-)
4	Fast service.  Beautiful ambiance & decor.  I often call in a balsamic grilled chicken salad to go.  It's hearty, healthy and the balsamic dressing is one of the best I've had.  The chicken is always very tender & juicy.  I would say its a bit pricy for a salad though.  It's $12.00 so it's a splurge for me.
3	Not stoked at all especially after the build up. Didn't get pizza. Actually turned my bolognese dish back. Overall, not happy with the entire experience.
4	The food is pretty good. I would recommend eating here for sure. The bad ~ the grilled chicken is always dry. Someone needs to explain to the cooks that your not supposed to slice meat the second you take it off the grill. No one EVER greets me when I walk in, even managers stare with blank faces. Aside from that, the happy hour is decent, wine selection not great, but the salads and pizzas are pretty good.
5	Four Words: Happy Hour and Tapas!Everyday, from 4-6pm, Customers can enjoy half-price Tapas (appetizers) and $2 of beer and wine (by the glass).On my first visit to Sammy's Woodfire Grill, I was confused because I didn't understand what the deal was about a woodfire grill. Ummm, let's just say I was impressed with the environment (pretty classy for the location). Wine, business attire and meetings and the occasional pizza on the table. I enjoyed my initial exposure (I had salmon and a salad) but it was over two years before I returned.Then I discovered the half-off tapas and reduced price beer... Sold! Their tapas range from meatballs to Fries, potstickers and many others. It's easy to end up with a table full of empty tapa plates and an overstuffed belly. The environment is quiet and the service is elegant and friendly. I have yet to visit the restaurant during busy or peak hours but my experiences this far have been consistent  the same: thoroughly enjoyable!Five stars for presentation, performance, taste and a happy hour deal you can't beat!
5	Service was very nice and sincere. Food was amazing as usual! I don't go there very often but ever time I do it's great!
4	I would rate Sammy's a 3.5 but I'll be nice and upgrade to a four star rating. I'd describe Sammy's Woodfire Grill as an upscale, modern pizza joint.  Upon walking in, I was surprised at how nice the restaurant was. The decor was pleasing to the eye and the dim lighting contributed to the overall ambience.  The menu items were more expensive than I'd anticipated ($6 for fries). The hubs and I both ordered pizzas at $11.75 each. I was happy to learn that the pizzas were more than enough for 1 person. Neither of us finished our pizzas and we each took home two slices for leftovers. The pesto pizza I ordered was loaded with cheese and tasted great. The pizzas were oily but I didn't mind one bit. Service was okay. We used a coupon from the Entertainment Book for Las Vegas and scored $9 off, so for two people the bill came to around $20. I would come back to Sammy's- I hear their happy hour is pretty epic.
2	Not a fan, took my son here for lunch. Menu seems fairly limited and over priced. I've had better pizza at the larger chains.
4	I had lunch here on Mothers day after discovering they had Gluten Free options from the Find Me GF App. It was slow and not busy at all (at first), which I was worried could be because of the food (it picked up mid service) They have Vegetarian, Vegan, GF options on menu which has identifying labels. I wanted pizza and was happy they offered GF crust and Vegan cheese. The waitress was very helpful in making sure I was making choices to fit my allergies. Once the order was placed the manager came over to let me know they already had some "specialty" pizzas in the oven and my food would come out before the rest of the tables as to not cross contaminate with the gluten food. I was so pleased that they were tentative to my allergies and did all they could to handle my food with care. The food was delicious and didn't taste any less than what a normal pizza tastes like. I had a fresh salad and had them hold the mozzarella. The dressing was balsamic so no worries in the GF department. The rest of the table (who has no allergies) had normal items from the menu and raved about how good they were. The 5 cheese pizza was a hit and so was the BBQ Pizza. Everyone was very pleased with the service and the quality of food. For my Vegan/GF/Vegetarian friends- you will be pleased with the menu options and the taste behind them all. After eating here I did not experience any reactions so it is safe. As always please let them know so they will handle your food with care. This is yet another choice for my "complicated" allergy that allows me to feel normal and I appreciate that.
4	Overall, I really enjoy Sammy's. I normally stop in for a late lunch during their happy hour (2-4pm), but anytime is a good time!I wouldn't recommend ordering online. It seems like there is some issue with their system...call in the order instead. The duck tacos are so amazing! And the chopped chicken salad with kalamata olives is also a regular treat of mine.
1	Was seated and waited 15 minutes here without as much as a hello. So we left and will not be back.
4	I forget what a great place this is and it has one of the best happy hours - half off apps and wine. I was pleasantly surprised about the gluten free options - especially a place know for their pizza and pasta.  The food was delicious and excellent service.
4	This was my first time in a Sammy's location.  I informed the guy who sat me and then he went over the menu with me and was very helpful.  I had the New York pizza and iced tea.  The pizza was very good, had more meat on it than I expected!  Great service and food, I will be back soon!
3	This place has a unique gourmet menu.  My kids said the cheese pizza tasted like cardboard.
3	Pizza here is great! The staff is also friendly and very informative. The only down side is the prices are high and portions are on the small side. I've ordered here many times and I'm sure we will continue to. Though it's not very budget friendly.
5	I really like Sammy's. A more accurate score would be 4 1/2 because their is always room for improvement.  But they have some wonderful Mediterranean options. I suggest getting the LEBNI. It is hands down the best thing on the menu.
5	My story starts out with a bad hangover, and me wanting to get some quality food.I stumbled into the restaurant I typically go to during the lunch hour to get a gluten free pizza, and this particular occasion, I forgot to say Gluten Free.I get the pizza, and an overwhelming sense of embarrassment washed over me as I asked sheepishly "I forgot to say gluten free, didn't I?"I apologized and ordered a gluten free pizza after and explained I would just pay for the pizza so my roommate can have it and it doesn't go to waste and my server doesn't have to take the hit.She took it off the bill, boxed it up, fed me lots of water to nurse my hangover, and made me feel less of an idiot for forgetting how to order my own food.I left her a tip in the amount that the pizza normally costs after tax and tip. She did serve it to me, she did box it up for me, and if I could have eaten it, it would have been perfect.She went above and beyond for me tonight, and I can't thank her enough.I believe her name was Taylor, as well. Like I said, I cannot brain today. I has the dumb. And a hangover.
4	It's been a while since I have been on here, but just an update, Sammy's has redeemed themselves over and over these last two years. My FIL got us started on there happy hour specials. My daughters LOVE their potstickers, and I love the chicken satay (but prefer to dip them in the potsticker sauce). My FIL raves about the duck tacos, husband loves the pizza (they have a great GF crust) And they have a sundae the size of your head.
4	The service is very good. I was there on Friday night and Kevin really took care of me.  The food was delicious  and tasted real fresh.  My order was goofed up twice, and Kevin let me keep the wrong pizza and take it home. Of course, I was not charged for their error.  The atmosphere is lively but the tables are a little too close to one another which is I'm sure a corporate concept and not this individual restaurant.This restaurant always runs a happy hour but you cannot use the Entertainment coupon with happy hour specials which is understandable.I will definitely return to Sammy's in the near future.
5	Half off tapas is amazing! My mom and I go there once a week and love it every time. The waitresses are so sweet and fast and their food is even better!
4	Sammy's is great for pizza, soups and salads!  Last time I was there, I tried their Kobe beef sliders and they were great!  I love that it is never super crowded for lunch and the service is always good!  The menu is varied and they have a little bit of everything - something for everyone!Make sure you tell them if it's your first time dining - they'll give you a dessert on the house and it is ahhhh-mazing!  You really can't go wrong with a place that gives their first-timers a free dessert - that's great service!
5	everything here is really good i eat hear all the time!!  happy hour from 3-6 during the week!!
