5	I love it!  It's a perfect fir for the area.  We really needed a nice, casual tavern, which is neither a sterile restaurant nor a grimy bar.  The name suits it...social house.  The food amzingly complements the atmosphere, and the decor with the open air feel bring it all together.  Great job guys, I'll see you there regularly.
5	This place is amazing. The atmosphere is like nothing I've seen in the South Charlotte area. With the garage doors open, it almost makes you feel like you are in Charleston or at the beach.  I've been twice since they opened this week and the food is outstanding. The steak tips with jasmine rice was so tender and delicious.  The burger was amazing and the server tipped me off that the buns are made daily at Nova Bakery here in Charlotte. Pretty awesome!  I saw someone get the shrimp & grits and fish & chips which I will definitely be trying next time. They also have a ton of wing flavors to choose from.I'm a big wino-o and thought their wine list was very impressive and reasonably priced. The Triapche Chardonney was on point. I went up with a group of friends last night and they had a band start at 10 pm! The server said they will have live music every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.  So looking forward to having a hang out spot in south Charlotte where i can enjoy the food, drinks and atmosphere! Well done Bradshaw Social House!
4	As a new place, I won't curse this joint with a 3, but it was like a 3.5 and we'll round up because it's local folks.Located at Village at Robinson Farm just past the intersection of Rea Rd and Ballantyne Commons (same strip as The Meat House, Cosmos and Hawthorne's), this is definitely one-of-a-kind in the area for local places.  Lots of TV's, mostly high top tables and a large bar with LOTS of beer choices, this is a place for games and to hang out.  Finished concrete floors and high ceilings give this an unfinished vibe, but it's quite nice.  There is quite a bit of outdoor seating and 2 large roll-up doors for when it's not blazing hot out with summer storms rolling through.  If you have a fat ass, the low tables with metal chairs are not going to be comfortable (the chairs are comfy to sit in, but the arms will squeeze your booty).  The hostess tried to steer me to a high top table, which 80% of the restaurant is, but I had on a skirt and I hate high top tables.  They have a few booths as well, but those look like they are for larger parties, and I hate taking those up when it's just me.For food, after looking at their menu on their Facebook page (they only opened up last week and their website is still under construction), I wanted the Skillet Melt, but the friendly, lovely young lady that was waiting on me said that was one of the 2 things they didn't have today (because that's how I roll).  I asked what she liked and she said the Prime Rib Dip ($11), so we went with that with a side of sweet potato fries.  I read somewhere, either on their FB page or one of the write-ups, that they use bread from Nova's Bakery - it's always nice to see locally sourced stuff on a menu.The sammich was fine.  It was a little light on meat, the onions were cooked well on it, and the cheese was barely noticeable. The bread was good, but the way it is domed makes the middle of the sandwich thick with bread - so with the combo of little meat and thick bread, it was like I was eating a bread sandwich.  But the meat was flavored well.  The sweet potato fries were a little bigger than shoestring and were fine, again nothing unusual.  The restaurant itself is a very neat concept, well needed in this area.  Great execution.  There were a lot of smiling faces - the waitresses were lovely and there were a few young buff gentlemen pitching in as well, so everyone should be happy with the scenery.  If you are drinker, I am thinking you need to get over here ASAP to try it out.  I may have ordered the wrong thing, so I will be back to try it again once they are open for a bit and get in the groove.
5	This place is awesome!  Great food - friendly staff - awesome atmosphere!  Love the indoor/outdoor feel with the garage doors and the set up is great!  Great for families or friends for late night!  Love the weekly live music!  South Charlotte needed a place like this!!  Try the Cajun burger or the Asian shrimp salad - yum!
3	Tried out this new and already very popular restaurant last Friday. We went in early-ish  (6 to me is early) and found the place packed. We got the last seats in the house before they went on a wait.As others have noted, there are a lot of tall tops, but we sat at one of the few tables behind the wall at the entrance. I will agree that any of us who find we carry weight in our hips/thighs could find these seats pretty uncomfortable. I was good to go, thankfully, but I can see where if I were up just another size or two it would be painful, and that would be embarrassing. I wonder how long they'll keep those chairs.Our server was incredibly attentive, professional and helpful. Five stars for service. I didn't see anyone wanting/waiting for anything while we were there.The food was okay. Not fantastic, but it's a bar essentially, so you get decent quality bar food. As it was still Happy Hour we ordered half price appetizers - chips and salsa and hummus. The chips and salsa were just sad. A tiny cup of salsa, and a handful or so of chips on a plate. Not worth the money, even at half price, certainly nothing special. The hummus was delicious and served with pita, carrots and celery.My husband ordered the steak tips, and was disappointed by the blandness of the rice. It would be better served with mashed potatoes rather than just a formed mound of white rice with no flavor. (I don't like rice, to me it has no flavor anyway, but my husband fixes and devours a lot of it and even he pronounced it "incredibly bland" as he reached for the salt shaker.) Oh, a word about the shakers... Pour the salt in your hands first. They have a ton of holes and you'll get a bucket of salt dumped on your meal if you just shake from it.I tried the fish sandwich and pretty much just ate it like fish and chips, because it was less food and cheaper than the fish and chips and I didn't have a huge appetite after the appetizers. My meal was solid.The biggest problem we have with this restaurant is visiting during the heat of the summer. It was 85+ degrees outside, and with that awesome cool garage door set up opened, it was very hot and stuffy inside. There were no fans anywhere near our tables. I saw one small set of fans over the bar area, but that's it. Here in Charlotte, in the summer, you can either go for cool air conditioning or sweltering "ambiance" you can't have both. They need to keep that door closed and the restaurant air conditioned in the summer.It sounds like I hate this place. Really, I don't. The restaurant is new, but it has great potential. Clearly they hired good servers, and they're trying this whole menu for the first time so I'm sure there will be changes.We will be back to BSH sometime, but with those garage doors and the heat issues inside the restaurant, we probably won't return until the fall.
3	I would like to rate this just above a 3 star but I wouldn't round up to a 4.  Take this with a grain of salt because I am in a rather critical type mood right now and we went here for a Sunday lunch, so...Negatives:  I was confused.  Are they a bar? Are they a restaurant?  Nothing seemed unique and creative.  I guess when it comes to burgers and beer, I just expect something to come out and wow me.  Or else why would I come back?  There are a million places like it.  I know the place is supposed to have this industrial steel type theme but it just seemed clunky, cold, and uninviting.  Positives:  Wonderful wait staff - attentive and definitely knew his menu.  Bloody Mary bar!  I didn't have one but I like the fact that I can control the zang/spice in my B-Mary.  The wife got the $10 bottomless mimosa.  Trust me, she got her money worth.  Came out to $2 a mimosa - If you do the math, you would know why she took a nice nappy nap afterwards.  Haha.  Next, the selection of beer seemed pretty extensive.  Numerous beers on tap and they even had one of my favorite - Goose Island.  I ate the burger melt with pimento cheese and fried green tomato on sour dough bread.  It was delicious but (just to be picky) I would have liked it on a normal done and a little more rare.  Kinda overcooked.  All in all, I was full and happy at the end and seriously thinking about coming back just to give the night life (beer selection) a try.  Ballantyne needs more places like this but I just really enjoy when there is a certain degree of oriniginality and creativity.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
3	I really hate to give this place a 3 since I think it fills a much-needed hole in the area, but I'm hoping that they're still finding their footing.  A girlfriend and I went for drinks after work on a Thursday night, and by 6:00, the place was hopping.  Atmosphere: As others have said, it definitely has an industrial vibe with the finished concrete floors and metal high-top tables, but it didn't feel cold or sterile to me.  I think I saw a few booths as we walked in, but the primary seating is the bar as well as outdoor seating; once they open the garage doors, it's just sort of one big place though.  Besides that, it was so LOUD.  The music was blaring and with all the people in there, I have a jawache and headache from basically having to scream at my girlfriend to be heard - definitely not my scene, but I'm a nana.Crowd: It seemed like a mostly after-work crowd in their late 30s to early 50s with a couple of groups of women that were out on the prowl.  Good people watching, to say the least.  Food: Small plates are half off from 4:00-7:00 and there was a good variety to choose from: peel and eat shrimp, fried green tomatoes, chicken fingers, quesadillas, hummus, nachos, etc.  We split the chicken quesadillas and hummus platter, which came with celery, carrots and buttery ciabatta chips, and both were pretty delicious.  Drafts were $3, so I got an Angry Orchard Cider and my friend got an OMB Copper.  Unfortunately, our glasses tasted like bleach, so we asked the waitress for replacements... and the replacements tasted like bleach.  I opted for water, and that glass was okay, so I'm not sure what was going on with their glassware.Service: Our waitress was really friendly but seemed hard to find in the sea of people.  She noticed that I didn't drink the replacement cider she brought and made sure it wasn't on my bill without me even having to ask, which I thought was really nice.Value: My one cider and half of two appetizers was a little over $8, which was pretty darn awesome.I'm not in a hurry to go back, but I'd like to try again in a month or two when they really get into their groove.
4	Went to Bradshaw today and it was pretty good. I had the Barb-B-Cuban and it was really good combination.  My daughter and wife's salad were a little heavy with dressing but good.  The other daughter enjoyed the fried chicken. I would go back....
3	5 stars for unlimited $10 mimosas on Sundays with fresh orange juice. 5 stars for great service. One star for the food. Great place to sit for a few drinks with friends. But don't plan to eat here. Too many other good choices in this complex.
2	I'm a native to the Ballantyne, Stonecrest and Blakeney area as decided to get a group of friends together for drinks last night. My group was late 20's early 30's, diverse, classy and well connected within the community. We showed up at about 9ish and the placed was rather crowded, found a table close to the bar by a Pillar and began to wait on drinks.We were met by a New Castle beer rep Shannon first which was, in complete honesty, much nicer than our waitress who took 30 minute before getting to us. She also immediately scolded the New Castle beer rep publicly for handing us free full-size samples since she won't be getting a tip for that. As more of my group began to show, the bouncers said we were too big and needed us to squeeze in as to not interrupt the wait staff from getting to their tables. Okay, I understand but the problem wasn't our group size, it was their location of the table we selected. If they properly placed tables, we wouldn't have blocked their staff. It is completely unacceptable to approach new customers in such a way as a new business in the area.We were hustled additionally 2 to 3 times to squeeze before I had to explain to the bouncer this is getting ridiculous, speaking to brand new customers like this..... Our waitress was slow, completely disoriented and really upset about having to remember our entire groups drink orders. I would suggest they invest in new staff training for larger customer groups. She was also clearly complaining to others on staff, enough that our entire group could tell and became uncomfortable, which is terrible for a business. I want to be clear, I was embarrassed after gathering my friends to come out to this establishment and to be treated to way we were. My Review is solely based on service as that was my primary take away from the experience.
5	Last night I tried the BSH honey chipotle wings (grilled) and they were amazing!!! A must try.
4	Went there last night (Saturday night) for a few beers. Got a table that seats 6 comfortably. We had 6 in our party. It took a little bit to get a waitress to take our order but once she did she was attentive for the rest of the night. Beers were good and reasonably priced.Why am I writing this review? Because this is the first place from Ballantyne South on Rea (that whole corridor including Blakeney and Weddington) that actually has a vibe worth going to check out. Can you open another in the Fountains (corner of Tom Short and Audrey Kell)? Hint: The Stadium just closed its doors for good. (and I do mean "for good"). I enjoyed it - I felt like it was a happening place. I didn't feel it was an exclusive crowd (like Cosmos at night). I felt all ages of adults could hang out and enjoy the place.  We didn't order food so I can't comment. It was nice to get some quality tap beers and to have OMB Amber for $3.50 a pint is a nice option as well.Finally ! An owner who understands what a sports bar is supposed to be. Now if only they could open another location that I can walk to.
3	Went here with my husband and another couple on a Friday evening. We sat at a top table in the very crowded bar area. Service was pretty slow because they were very busy. We did not like people standing around our table.  While we were there someone decided to raise the garage door type doors that opens one side of the bar up to the outside. This will be a nice feature when it is cooler outside but not when it is 95 degrees outside.  Immediately the entire place became so hot. We all had 1 drink and an appetizer then left.  Just a little too crowded, loud and hot for what we wanted that evening.  We will try this place again but definitely request a booth. Hoping to see this place do well.
3	The wait staff needs an attitude adjustment. Hardly friendly or attentive. As if we were a bother. And all we needed was bottled beer. Hate to think what would happen if I ordered an app.
1	Once was enough.
3	Went here for lunch with the family. The service started out very fast. We were barely seated and they were asking for drink orders (that's too fast in my eyes). However, throughout the service things slowed down more than desired (the restaurant good busy). My daughter got the chicken tenders, which were really good. However the fries had a odd flavor to them. I ordered a French dip that was pretty good. My wife ordered skillet melt without a bun. Unfortunately, we we received it there was now fried green tomato or aioli  we wanted this addressed, but our server didn't come by for another 30 minutes (see slow service above). Lastly, my daughter asked for more lemonade which the server asked that we remove the lid and he'll come back and refill. That never occurred again because of the busy restaurant.  Overall, we likely will return only if we're in the area.
4	This place is cougariffic. I mean packed on weekends with live music and a great crowd. On a Saturday night with NFL playoffs on it was very hard to move around inside but hey have a lot of bar staff around to help make sure you get your drinks. Plenty of room outside with good spillover. The doors roll up to the outside on good weather evenings. Whether you want a domestic beer or a local microbrew you should be able to get your favorite it if you can make it to the bar. The busiest bar in Ballantyne by a long shot and that means fun if you know what you are looking for.
3	I really want to like this place.  I think it could fill a need in the Ballantyne area.  But it just doesn't cut it.  This is a fun place to grab a quick beer during the week, or early before dinner somewhere.  But if you come here on a Saturday night, prepare to shout at your friends and have to get awkwardly close to hear what anyone is saying.  They have a band, and that makes it look fun, but this space is not set up for so many people AND a band.  It is incredibly loud.Also, I'll agree with one if the other Yelpers.  Cougarrific.  A guy about my age   (Mid-late 20's) came up to me and said "well, now we know where our parents go out."  And he's exactly right.  I'm a people watcher by nature, but you could spend hours cougar spotting in this place.  So, I'll probably come back here.  As I said, I really want to like it.  So I'll probably keep trying.  But you kind of fend for yourself - with the cougars, and getting drinks.  Good luck my friend.
1	We went to lunch here and I have got to say, it was pretty gross. I ordered the asian chicken salad with shrimp. It was literally a handful of lettuce with 5 shrimp on top. They were rubbery and tasted old. We also ordered the kids fish and chips for our toddler. It was gross as well. The fries tasted like they were cooked several hours before and and had a weird after taste. Everything was pretty bad - like - didn't want to pay for it, it was so bad.With that begin said, it IS a bar. And we didn't exactly order 'bar food'. The Mister ate here before and got a burger and said it was great...so I don't know. I don't think I'll ever order food here again!
3	After several visits I can say that I like BSH in general. I have had the burgers (well above average), the chicken sliders (good, but sometimes too much slaw for that little bun), the fish and chips (different preparation each time but all good), and chipotle cheese sticks (very tasty). However the Ruben was not good (dry meat and little flavor) an the chicken nachos tasted like they were covered in canned cream of chicken soup. Overall good atmosphere, above average service and great TVs, but I am not sure how much of the menu I am willing to explore after the disappointing Ruben.
3	I was excited to try this place since it's right down the street and nothing else like it is that close.  I really wanted to like it more but after our experience it was just a miss.  We arrived around 6:30 on a Saturday night.The main reason they aren't getting a better rating from me is their wait system.  They ask for your phone number and when your table is ready they call you.  This is a big problem since the place is so loud and unless you are looking at your phone constantly, you are going to miss the call just like I did.  We had a party of 6 so this added an hour to the hour we had already been waiting, which is why I'm giving this rating.  I would advise them to invest in some pagers like other places or any other system that makes better sense than phone calls you can't hear.  We were also standing right in front of the hostess desk so it wouldn't have been hard for them to see the 6 of us and ask if we were such and such party.  They were also not very apologetic once I mentioned the issue to them.  When we finally did get seated our waitress was very nice and attentive and the food was decent but nothing to write home about.  As another reviewer posted, most of the tables are the high ones and only some of them have backs.  It was also very loud and I barely had a voice once we left.I think this would be a decent place for a couple of people to go and have a drink and not interested in carrying on a conversation, but not sure I would go back for dinner.  There are other places in Ballantyne (sports bars) that I would go to before going here again.
4	My husband and I tried Bradshaw's on a Saturday afternoon and were pleasantly surprised considering the reviews. We sat at the bar which had a great industrial feel- really our style. The crowd was definitely more men than women but makes sense as it has a sports bar feel. I have no problem with it has I enjoy watching sports. Prices seemed reasonable for beers and good daily specials. I had wings which were pretty good and really enjoyed their fries. My husband had the French dip which was delicious! The only thing was our bartender seemed a little absent but then again she had a large bar to deal with. All in all it was good experience and we can't wait to come check out the live music.
3	Nice beer specials, good service, nice atmosphere. It's a cool bar. I went during an off peak time. Middle of the day during work hours so it was quiet. I'll be going back during a Friday night to check out the real social scene
1	Two fails usually means that I do not return to a restaurant. First I had a dry flavorless "Ruben" sandwich then my wife had a grouper filet that could best described as inedible. I like the vibe, but with the exception of the burgers and the wings the food is not very good. I may return for a beer and a game, but not for dinner.
4	We planed go to Cosmo next door for food.  It was closed for renovation.  So we walked over to see they have burglars.  I've a cheese burglar & a beer.  Burgers starts from $8 & beer from $4.  I love sweet potatoes.  So I switched to sweet potato.  A beer is a beer.  Both burglar & fries were very good to me.It's a bit noisy due to wall TVs & young people excitement.  Overall it's not bad.Hahaha!  My friend checked that if a typing error on burgers.  Sorry for that!  My eye sight wasn't too good!
1	Went in for lunch and the place was quiet save for a few tables.  Services was still slow regardless.  Draught beer selection was mediocre.  The reason for the 1 star review was the "industry standard burger" I ordered.  A 14 dollar bison burger that came cooked to the wrong temperature and was heavily salted to the point it was inedible.  The person I was dining with also had the same problem with their burger.  We didn't finish our meals ands sent both back.  To make the experience even less enjoyable the now rude waitress informed us that no salt had been added and the would not be comped, but hey we got 5 bucks back.  Of course it took 20 minutes to finally get the check and leave.  Will not return.Save yourself the trouble and go to Duckworth`s instead better beer and food.
5	Staff recognizes me on my return. Love it. Its fresh and still looks brand new
4	I would like to say that my first experience was just a bad one.  We have been back a few times and I definitely think that a one star bump is in order.  This place is actually pretty cool.  The burgers are excellent and the people are so pleasant!  Upgraded!
3	Great beer selections. Good live cover bands. Get there early to get a seat - no open space to stand around or dancing. Crowd is (mostly) mature adults. Table service and bartenders are attentive for a packed weekend. Haven't tried the food. TVs for sports. Only 2 ladies room stalls. Lots of outdoor patio tables.
2	We begrudgingly tried BSH again since Lure isn't open on Mondays. Appetizers were half off til 7:00, so we split the fried green tomatoes and quesedillas. I honestly couldn't tell much difference between the two; they were just so.. bland. We then ordered the pretzels with beer cheese because how could you mess that up? Congeal the cheese, that's how.As we left at 7:30, they were setting up for live music. We were the youngest people in there by a good 10 years, and we're in our mid-30s, so I'd say it's a big of an older, cougar-ish clientele, at least on a Monday night. At least our service was good.I've given it the old college try, but I'm done trying.
2	Terrible. Just Terrible. Awful service. Comically horrible band. Way too many TVs. Music too loud and dumb. Solid beer selection though
4	Excellent service for our first visit. From the moment we arrived the bouncer checking ID helped us choose a table and noticed our seat of choice needed a bit of cleaning. He didn't wait for someone else he took the initiative to clean it himself.Our waitress was equally attentive providing solid recommendations. We had the dozen wings (typical bar food that tasted just fine) / cheese steak egg rolls (first time I has them anywhere and loved it. It has a nice balance of cheese and meat wrapped by the standard egg roll wrap) / Ribs were amazing! Our waitress described it as a specialty since the chefs used to own a BBQ place. I can see why she called it out.I will certainly come back again.
4	Great atmosphere,  very good menu, excellent service,  and lots of beers to choose from. The only thing about this place is the parking.  If you want a quiet place this isn't it. It's called a social house for a reason.  Go for the food, the drinks, and the crowd.  Plenty of TVs to catch a game. Enjoy!
5	Wings are awesome!! Staff is friendly and always have great entertainment. . Trivia was also the of fun with 1/2 price Wings on Tuesdays and weekends are fun With live music!!  Definitely love bradshaws!
4	Great atmosphere for football.. servers are great! What I would suggest is to not beer batter the green tomatoes and to use an actual spring roll wrap for the philly cheesesteak spring rolls not egg roll wraps.. The gouda bites smaller and denser cheese.
5	Everything is really good!!!  I am amazed every time I eat there. Fast friendly service and consistent food quality.  I highly recommend the ribeye stack sammy with fries.  Lots of great beers but I love the cucumber vodka mixed drink!
