3	Dr. Lance P. Schneder was OK, but didn't have much of a bedside manner. I came here after a failed root canal by my dentist at the time. The doctor did an OK job, but he was very rough with my mouth and lips. He didn't use an assistant very often during the procedure  - maybe it wasn't necessary? - and would put his tools on my chest as he worked. (Yeah I know, weird, but I was too busy worry about losing my lips to his rough movements.)His office sent a box of Fairytale Brownies about a week later. That was a nice touch, but didn't make up for the rough handling.
1	Worst experience of my life. From the moment Dr. Schneider walked in to do my root canal I wished I would have never stepped foot in this office. Walking in and acting like king of the world, Dr. Schneider prompted me and asked me what was wrong and why I was there. After explaining my troubles the past week, my intense migraine and pain I was experiencing from my tooth, he proceeded to take a metal wand and POUND on my hurting tooth. I understand this is an object dentists use frequently when something isn't known about a tooth to look for sensitivity. I have been to the dentist before. Dr. Schneider did this without any warning, after I had already explained the already extreme amount of pain I was in. He then proceeded to tell me he was going to need to work on more teeth than my dentist had sent me there for. YAH RIGHT. I then found out that I wasn't getting sedation which is the ONLY reason I sought out a specialist in the first place, and why my dentist referred me to his office. After tears rolling down my face, I was forth right in telling him to move on to the root canal and just do it as I knew this was going to be the worst hour ever.As the procedure went on, Dr. Schneider was as rude as could be, bossing his staff around, telling them how to use the instruments, how he could use them better, and just plain out unprofessional. I have an amazing dentist, and while I understand I get spoiled going to her for regular check-ups, I am not used to hearing every ounce of the drill attack my mouth since I usually have on headphones with my select music. On top of listening to him rudely comment to his staff, on top of the drilling. . . my mind was a whirlwind. I also did not receive any mouth guards to help prop open my mouth for the hour long procedure and my neck started to hurt very bad. At one point during the surgery, Dr. Schneider stepped out of the room and his dental assistant felt so bad and I think she was very embarrassed. She apologized and asked if she could help me and prop my neck up more so it was supported better. I was so thankful for her to do this, but it was ruined the second he walked back in. Just like a scene out of a horror movie he took one look down and said "did you move her? I can't see now..." and pulled the lever to the dental bed out and my neck dropped down to the same position it was in. I was in SHOCK. I can't even express how helpless I felt at this point. What are you supposed to do while your mouth is wide open on a table of a Dr. you absolutely despise and all you want to do is run?Not to mention, every time my neck and face started to drift to the right, he grabbed my chin like I was a 2 year old to point it back in his direction. I seriously have never felt so controlled. Again, more tears streamed from my face and his assistants dried them with kleenex's as I sat in complete agony for the rest of the procedure. The procedure continued on and was finally finished (or so I thought). I started to sit up as he rudely said, "oh, we are not done. Your dentist asked that I prep your tooth for your crown. You still have another 30 minutes. You need a break?" WHAT?! 30 more minutes!?!At this point I was so emotional, I didn't know what to do, I was trapped, mouth wide open with a gag restraint bag covering my mouth. I couldn't talk, move, my neck killed...so he finished. I spent 30 more minutes in a chair of hell, tears dripping from my eyes when we were finally done. I shot straight up in bed and asked if there was anything I needed to do before I left. I told him it was the worst experience of my life, and I was also ashamed of how the staff let him treat them. I wouldn't work there if you paid me 100,000 a day. Oh, and it's not over. Wait for it....THEN he tells me, he didn't even fix my tooth and there was no way he could get to the end of the root, and compared my tooth to kidney cancer, and my tooth was simply "cancer", just like a doctor not being able to get someone's cancer they are dying from out of their kidney. NO JOKE. Seriously the worst, absolute experience of my life. I would get every tooth in my mouth pulled before I would ever step foot in this office again.
5	I had a front tooth break off & was referred to Dr. Schneider. When I called for an appointment,  Dr. Schneider saw me as his first appointment the next morning then re-arranged his schedule to make room for me later that same day for a root canal. I found the Dr. & his staff caring and extremely professional.  Later that night, Dr. Schneider called my home to see how I was doing.  It has been a long time since I have had that kind of personal care from any professional.  I highly recommend Dr. Schneider of Acacia Endodontics.
1	I went to acacia endodontist due to my general dentist wanting a second opinion. I called the office and was told, " your insurance covers the exam at 100%." I booked my appointment which was on the following Monday. While at the appointment, I was told, ( for the second time) that my evaluation was covered and I would only have to pay for the $150.00 3D ex ray. I then receive a call from the office, " your evaluation was not covered and we want to bill your credit card on file." Um, no! I called my insurance company and they told me they had not received ANY call from the endodontist  until the day AFTER my appointment??? They also told me the office should write off the $150 exam fee- which they did not. I would NOT recommend this office- they lied to me, twice. Although the dentist was nice enough, the Better Business Bureau will be hearing from me- this is NOT right and people are getting ripped off. Karma will definitely come around in full circle.
