4	Wow. This Shelter is a bit of a beast!In entirely a positive light, of course! Split up into male and female selections, this shop continues to set the trend of high quality charity shops on Raeburn Place. With all clothing divided by colour and neatly displayed, it looks more like a high street clothing store than a charity shop. They sell everything, from a number of toys to a larger selection of LP's, but its most lucrative area has to be its massive DVD collection! It was unlike anything I've ever seen in a charity shop and covered an entire wall! Usually you can hope to pick up a small number of knock off DVD's from around the year 2000 (including some episode pilots from cancelled shows), but this Shelter knocked all other charity shop movie offerings out the ball park. With as many DVD's than Vinyl Villains, there were a ton of newer releases (including Be Kind, Rewind!) for prices akin with Fopp's. And when all is said and done, the money is going to a better cause.For nostalgia (and those of you who still have video players) they also had a ton of old movies on tape - a dying trend, since a number of charity shops don't accept videos anymore. I found some old Care Bears collections (daw) which would make good talking points for my future kids, who won't know the magic of watching a crackling, lower quality video, or hear the hum of it as it manually rewinds in the machine. Brings back memories.This Shelter was decked out nicely and I liked its style!
4	Yesterday I paid another visit to another well known charity shop in Stockbridge, Shelter. Now, you must be thinking, not another ordinary charity shop! But stop right there! Stockbridge has a habit of throwing up some brilliant charity shops, and is, I think, the best area to go to in Edinburgh to have a wonder around some charity shops and pick up a bargain. As, has already been stated, you are struck by the large size of this shop, from the outside you would not think that it would be that large. The shop stocks all sorts of items, a brilliant place to go to get lost within the many colour orientated clothes, the second hand books, the crazy amount of DVDs, the dodgy selection of Cd's and much, much more! This Shelter shop reminds me of a Woolies! It stocks almost everything and is great for finding that unusual, odd item that you have been looking for. The prices are great and the money all goes towards a great cause! So, same old story really, another great charity shop in Stockbridge again!
5	I had to pry myself away from this place. With a lot of force and uncharacteristic self-control. And it wasn't because of the clothes or the shoes. It was because of their delicious record collection. I even had to stop myself from flicking through the whole collection. I found a record that made my heart stop a few times: "Elvis Sings Country Favourites." Awesome? Awesome is an understatement. What a find! I had to put it down and run away. I'm probably gonna go back and flirt with the idea of buying it soon enough though. The clothes looked standard, though I also didn't allow myself to have much of a look through them, for the sake of the wallet I'd forgotten at home. Stockbridge is, and if it isn't it should be, renowned for its charity shops. I mean, the area is tiny, but it sometimes seems like there're more charity shops than people there. Which works fine for me, as it means there're less people to buy the things I covet from afar. I'm a hoarder. And Shelter nourishes this part of me when it should be starving.
