5	We had a small wedding at a nearby venue, and the White House did a great job on the flowers and table settings.  We had good planning meetings, and the results were great.  The services helped make the day beautiful and enjoyable.
1	You guys. I hate giving bad reviews, I really do. My mom always said that if I can't say something nice, I shouldn't say anything at all. But that's not really the point of Yelp, now is it?Here's the sitch. I had a very small wedding in May, and I heard amazing things about White House, so I decided to go there for my personal flowers for the wedding party. This included bouquets for the ladies and boutonnieres for all the bros. At my consultation with White House, I brought photos of the succulent bouquets I had in mind, and asked them to recreate the bouquets in the photo. I was VERY clear that they should use the same flowers--even going as far as to provide the name of the succulents I wanted--and the same color palette as featured in the photo. I asked several times if they felt they could do that, and I was assured that they definitely could. I left our meeting feeling completely confident that my expectations would be met. Fast forward to my wedding day. White House dropped off my personal flowers, and for a moment, I thought there had been a mix-up. Surely they accidentally dropped off the wrong bouquet. The succulents were not the kind I had asked for (by specific plant name) and the colors were totally wrong. Instead of having a bouquet made of chicks and hens in soft minty greens and light lavenders, highlighted by soft peach roses, I received a horrific bouquet that looked like it would have fit right in at a clown's wedding. There was bright purple. There was a weird color green flower that did not complement the ugly bright purple. There were red roses. Let me repeat: red roses. And, since they dropped off the flowers with the front desk of the hotel only five minutes before we were scheduled for photos, instead of dropping them off with me in my suite, I had no one to voice my concerns to. On my wedding day, I had to do the best I could to fix my bouquet, and that is something no bride should have to deal with. Now, every time I look at photos from my wedding day, I am reminded of the TERRIBLE job White House did. I'm just glad I didn't have them handle my centerpieces. This place is a disaster. Oh, it would be unfair if i didn't mention that they did a fine job on the boutonnieres. Those looked exactly like the boutonnieres in the photo I provided.
1	Who knew flowers could make a girl cry?? Working with White house for our wedding was a miserable experience. I am writing this review for any brides in the planning stages to please consider interviewing several vendors before selecting one to work with. In the weeks leading up to my wedding, I felt like White house was not capable of delivering my vision, and they responded to my concerns in the most unprofessional manner possible. Worst of all, they kept my deposit and a large portion of our first installment. I would never want another bride to go through what I went through. IT WAS A HOT MESS!  In the end, I went with another florist who was not only a pleasure to work with, but far less expensive than White house, who had amazing quality and in my opinion far more creative than anything I have ever seen before. Your wedding is the most important day of your life and you should have an A-Team by your side to make that day a fairy tale, instead of adding stressful, sleepless nights to your planning experience.
