4	Lately I'm preferring this place to Einstein's. Faster, better service, and less crowded. Oh and the cute outdoor eating area this place shares with Starbucks, Roberto's, etc doesn't hurt. My bagel sandwich with eggs and cheese on a salt bagel definitely hit the spot! Love their bagels. Loses a star on - gross pink lox spread.. ewww.. lox shouldn't be highlighter PINK. Coffee is nothing special. Brewed coffee isn't nearly as good as Einsteins and their cold coffee is some gross mix crap. They seemed cool with letting people bring in their own starbucks or tropical smoothie from next door, however, so in the future when I'm dining here I'll bring my drink from elsewhere.
4	I love this place, one of the better bagel places in town. I appreciate that they put "everything" on their everything bagel on BOTH sides of the bagel! Thank you! And I love the chive spread. Lastly, I like that they cut the bagel into four's. It's the little things in life :) perfect location with Starbucks next door, and great outdoor seating around the corner next to Starbucks.
4	Absolutely love their "Ultimate" on the "Everything" bagel!! Great way to start the day! Friendly staff too!
5	This place is the best I go here maybe twice a week on average and I love this place. If you come in be friendly and you will always get friendly service and great food. I always get something not on the menu and the have no problem doing what I want. The food is ALWAYS good!
5	Always fresh bagels and a lovely staff. Go there and they already know my order.
1	Did I go here on bizzarro world day?  The bagel I had was hard as a rock and inedible and all these folks on yelp are raving about it.  Everyone I know that has gone here says that the bagels are bad., and well that is the basis for their business.  If I am going to eat a chain store bagel I head to Einsteins .
2	Eh.... Place is ok. Staff isn't very friendly. They barely used any cream cheese on my bagel. Bad customer service. Wouldn't go back!
4	One of my new favorite places.  At first I thought this was a typical bagel shop with coffee.  Well was I surprised when I saw the sign that said they had full breakfast.  Anybody that know me knows how much I enjoy a good breakfast.  So I decided to give it a try.  They have a great selection for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  They also have healthy selection too.  The service was great and the food was made fast and fresh.  I order the denver omelet with egg whites and fresh toast (Don't judge me I was hungry).  There wide variety of food selection makes this a must-try spot.  I would definitely recommend Brooklyn Bagel.
4	-1 star for not being open before 6AM. I was lucky enough to stop by when one of their employees was kind enough to open before 6AM. I work at 5:45AM and I would go every morning if they were open!
4	What a great find on my last visit to Henderson/Vegas.  The bagels are great by themselves.  Do yourself a favor and order breakfast off the grill.  I tried to the Breakfast Sampler which was your choice of meat (Bacon for me), eggs, hasbrowns, and choice of Bagel or toast.  The bacon was cooked to perfection and nice thick cuts.  The hasbrowns are the star here.  They are diced up potatoes with green onions, and slivers of red onions.  Be prepared to eat as the portions are large.  Super friendly staff.  Will be returning again to try some other items.  Cash and Credit Cards accepted.
2	My family and I used to always go to the Green Valley Brooklyn Bagel. This one is not worthy of the convenience. We were served moldy cheese and when we brought it back we were not offered a refund. EW!
1	They are now serving full breakfast so we decided to try it... NOT GOOD! The guys working were nice but the breakfast wasn't good. Eggs were over cooked, toast was burnt and the "hash browns" are nothing I have ever seen before and didn't taste good either. The prices are similar to good breakfast places like New Day, Coco's, Etc....
4	Had the Brooklyn bomber (hot roast beef on a bagel) and it was amazing and full of flavor. My wife had the bagel with cream cheese and that was pretty solid as well.  Recommend checking them out for bringing bagels to work.  13 bagels and two tubs of there homemade cream cheese for 16 bucks.  That's a steal!
5	Excellent customer service. Owner is very friendly. Good quality bagels & fresh coffee. Get the "Ultimate" breakfast bagel.
1	This place is absolutely horrible and I am not a food critic. I like everything. The pancakes are super small and crispy. If you think mcdonalds pancakes are bad these are the worst plus they are expensive. 3dollars for a pancake the size of a tennis ball. They should just call them half dollar fried pancakes. The Newport omelette was runny and salty with nasty American cheese. They use cheap condiments too. The only thing that was reasonable was the bagel. So for the $20 I spent on breakfast for two a bagel was the most edible. Go to egg works down the street if you want good breakfast.
1	Steer clear of this place. I had the lox and bagel sandwich. Parts of the smoked salmon I was served was grossly discolored (black). I asked the preparer who said that is normal. I highly doubt it as I have family members who are in the fish business so I know what I am looking at.  They never asked me if I wanted something else but happy to take my money. I wonder if they have had many reports to the Clark County Health Department?
5	Why in the world did We not go here sooner?  Why did we just assume Einsteins was better?  What a mistake we made!  Brooklyn Bagel is the real deal. Fresh made eggs, not the microwaved eggs. Fresh soft bagels. Sandwiches made to order on a hot griddle right in front of you by friendly and hard working individuals. This is the place to go. So glad we gave it a try and we will absolutely be back for more!  Keep up the good work!
2	I was very disappointed in the freshness of their bagels. I came here early on a monday morning and the bagels were hard and dry. Their Jalapeno spread was very good at masking the horribleness of their bagels which was why I gave them 2 stars.
2	Why do I even bother coming here? Cause it's the nearest bagel stop to home. The mr loves bagels (cause he's a New Yorker) and not so much me. Not that he thinks this is the best bagel in town just something to satisfy his cravings. I always get the power wrap here but why so stingy on the fillings especially the chicken? I'm going to have to make it at home some day so I won't waste my money on this itty bitty wrap that is 6 or 7 dollars. Anyway, my main issue is the guy that works here or maybe owns it. Whatever! He's rude!  First, for being cheap and second, an incident . My family and I stopped before our road trip. We had 8 kids and 6 adults and we stopped in for a quick bite. The guy didn't seem to happy that we were there. I don't know why, we were paying customers and not that my nieces and nephews were being bad or anything. So he yells across way and asked if we were eating in and my bro-in-law replied that he wasn't sure because he wasn't the decision maker. Meanwhile I was observing his attitude towards us the entire time. He just wasn't happy that we were there for some odd reason. We were there 15 min top. Ugh! I can't stand that man. He has a bad attitude every time. I personally haven't been back but my husband will go there some times. I try not to give our business there anymore.
1	In a few words, dirty,filthy establishment and people. One man that served me was not only dirty, he was surly. His clothes were filthy, an his fat stomach stuck out from his dirty, ripped, shirt. He looked like he had not bathed in a while, greasy long hair. Thank god he wore gloves when making my bagel. His demeanor was nasty. The cashier also had nasty things to say about some of the bottled drinks thy carried, very unprofessional. No reason to return, to much competition
5	Amazing greasy spoon! Had the breakfast platter and it was very tasty. Hubby had the steak & egg breakfast burrito and he really enjoyed it. The staff was really nice and it was a great cheap breakfast. Good stuff. Definitely be going back soon.
2	Just flat out bad. I should have listened to previous Yelper reviews but went here anyways because I didnt want to drive around Eastern looking for a quick breakfast bite. The place is dirty and the guys behind the counter where equally not at par. Ordered the Florentine bagel sandwich on a sesame bagel and it was the worst bagel ever. The cook went skimpy on the egg white and the whole thing was just dry and unflavored.   So heed this warning as I sit on my toilet writing this review (just shortly after eating there). Better off going to Starbucks next door rather than eating their bagels that taste like week old bagels from Food 4 Less.
5	I am a regular. I come every week and the bagels are just nothing like the others in town. Originally from the east coast, BB is the closest thing to a nice chewy bagel from home. I get the Tijuana hot. Omg it's amazing. The boys that work are so pleasant and such a great staff.
5	The best breakfast in the west Las Vegasthey have the best bagels in the best rap for breakfast very clean and free coffee
5	I'm a regular here about once a week. I love their bagels! I always get the ultimate (egg, cheese, hashbrown, and meat I.e. BACON). You may call ahead to pick up your order to save time and skip the line. They also have a frequent customer punch out card so after 9, get the 10th free. Woot!
4	Great for breakfast bagels.  Real New York feel inside, some of the best bagels in Vegas good prices.  Go here around once a month.  I recommend the original.
