5	I love, love, love this quaint, bustling sandwich shop, which is located in the strip mall with the Starbucks off Hardy and University. The sandwiches have artsy names such as the Mona, Jazz , Picasso, Van Gogh or Art Deco. I've tried several of the sandwiches but the best is the Sack's Symphony (Turkey breast, bacon, avocado, tomato, alfalfa  sprouts, cream cheese and mayo on 12 grain bread). Every sandwich comes in a cute, boxed lunch with a cookie.
4	I'll give it to Sacks.  I think their sandwiches are great.  I love the Van Gogh and the impressionist.  They make 'em thick too.  They also give you a cookie that's quite bombtatsic with every "sack".My only gripe is their hours, cause I've wanted a wich a few times after 3 and they're closed.
4	Ate here just yesterday. Their sandwiches are really good and slightly different. They don't slather the bread with butter and toast them, at least not the ones I've had (which might be good or bad depending on what you're looking for).The last few times I've had smoked turkey and gouda with a dijon-honey mustard on a sun-dried tomato bread, pretty delicious. They also have a smoked salmon sandwich and I also tried a chicken curry soup that was really freeking good. They have a selection of different pasta and fruit salads and also usually have about four different kinds of unsweetened teas to choose from, like mango, pineapple, spiced black and regular.Their service is friendly.  The decor lacks, but I usually get it to go anyway, so it doesn't bother me.
4	Sack's is not full of gold, but silver for sure.  I eat here once a week at school.  I like the symphony and the chicken salad for lunch.  The cookie in every bag is a nice treat.  The sandwiches are like something you could make yourself, they are not the greatest, but they are good and different.Two things about this place:  The Market Spice Ice Tea is addicting and wonderful.  They are the most underrated breakfast place too, get a bagel toasted with eggs, bacon, spinach and mushrooms for $3.25?  Can be beat!
4	Sacks is a nice little sandwich shop that gets a nice semi-fancy sandwich right with out being too full of themselves.They have a decent selection of pre-configured sandwiches without giving too many confusing choices... Each one is unique and not just a change of bread or meat from any of the others.  You order/configure your own sandwich any way you like and they have many unique sandwich ingredients.  Although I didn't have their soup this last time I visted, it has been very good in the past.   I wouldn't try to bring a group of more than 4 to the place, they have seating, but not a lot of it.
2	I wouldn't recommend this place to any one I like. What kind of restaurant serves salads and charges you for the dressing? I ordered the Symphany Sandwich and was charged an extra .75 for the lettuce, which I can kind of understand but even still, aren't they saving money since I'm not using their bread? Any ways, I let that slide. Then I pick up my food go outside to eat on their patio and I have no dressing...so thinking they made a mistake I go back in there and asked if dressing came with their salads and the girl was like, "Did you ask for dressing?" - Am I supposed to ask when I'm ordering a salad!? - so I said, "No, but I ordered a salad...it doesn't come with it?" "No that's extra, did you want to get some?" Yeah, I was done with this place from that moment on. For the amount of food I got coupled with the price and service...I would only send people I hated to this joint. Totally sucks.
5	Everything here is yummy. Parking lot gets crazy cuz there is a Starbucks in the same parking lot.
1	Oops I did it again...but this time I took pictures!I still can't believe what they charge for a stinkin' sandwich, which isn't even that big or tasty! But that is not what brought my update from a 2 start to a 1 star...it was the bathroom!!Oh my goodness! Someone call the maid I think something has died in here (a few times)! Take a look at my pictures, there is rust all over the trash can, a grimmy 'weathered' look over all the appliances and floor, and look at the walls!! It looked like a mixture of orange mold and years of soap scum caked on. The faucet was hard to work, and look at the grim and moldy caulking...grossness....Beware....BEWARE!!!
4	Sacks is a great sandwich place that I went to on a lunch break at work. It is similar to Dilly's Deli but each place has it's own pros and cons. The sandwich options at Sacks were great, there were plenty to choose from. The quality of the food was also above average  (bread was fresh, meat was tender.) My only complaint was that it got a little noisy around lunch time and it was a little hard to have a conversation. Other than that, this place had a welcoming staff, great sandwiches and price was not bad.
4	What I enjoy about this place is that it's simple, good, and fast. Came here recently and enjoyed the Sacks Art Deco, which is your typical Italian sub, served up with some Salami, ham, provolone, Italian dressing, et cetera. It is rather odd it was served on a french baguette, but I'm willing to let it slide. Really, theres not much to say here. They make sandwiches, and they make them really well.  All of the sandwiches are named after art styles or artists, which is a fun gimmick. I intend on going back and trying more of their sandwiches, for sure. Makes for a great fast lunch. Give it a try!
4	Do you ever tell yourself you are going to try something new...and then you order the same thing you always get AGAIN?At Sacks, my art of sandwicherie is the Symphony. Turkey, avocado, bacon, sprouts, on 12-grain bread that is nothing short of deliciousness.  YUM.Forget about the cookies and the chips or the fact that I absolutely love their lemonade... and focus here, people. The sandwich is divine.There is a great place in Salt Lake City called Skool Lunch...I used to eat there all the time when I worked downtown...and with all of the fabulous delis in the Phoenix-metro area, I haven't found anything that got it just right.Until now.Recommended by a friend who did her undergrad at ASU, I stopped in to give it a try. Nothing fancy and the service is average...but the sandwich was nothing short of incredible.They have lots of great choices, but I know myself. Know myself well. I'll pretend like I'm going to get something else, but when it comes down to it, um uh yeah...we know what I'm going to do.I'll be in Tempe again next week. See you then.
4	Really good for being in-between classes on campus or on lunch break at work.  It sucks that they are only open till 3 o'clock, but what they lack in time they make up for in sandwiches.  I have tried a couple of there sandwiches so far and I am a fan of almost all of them.  The one that really makes it for me is there barbecue meat that they have.  It is really something amazing.The other thing I like about this place is if you don't feel like having one of their signature sandwiches, you can create your own.  They have a bag with all their options that you get with your meal.  So take a look at it for the second time you stop in. Recommendation: If you are around the place definitely stop in for a delicious sandwich.  But it is not worth going out of your way to try if you are not within a 2 mile radius of place.
4	Sacks has a great sandwich. Shocking right? But they do and I'll tell you why I like to visit. During the week, often times I am running from meeting to meeting and when lunchtime hits and I'm hungry, I just want to get in and out with a good sandwich in hand. At Sacks, I can do this. It reminds me of another sandwich shop I've been to in another city and I was incredibly happy when I realized the similarities.I enjoy every sandwich I order at Sacks, especially ones that have cream cheese on them. The sandwiches are the perfect lunch size and not overwhelmingly large that leads to a food coma. A sacks sandwich also comes with a cookie which is an added bonus. The pricing is decent and I can enjoy a nice meal at an economic price in a quick manner. Does it get much better for lunch on the go?So in summary of my short and sweet and to the point review, my suggestion is that next time you are on the go and looking for a good place to find a sandwich quickly, check out Sacks.
4	A sandwich at Sacks isn't unlike a sandwich you might make at home with fresh and interesting ingredients. The art themed sandwich names lend themselves to the ingredients used and the offerings are in no short supply. In addition to a large and accommodating menu, a whiteboard boasts daily specials:  One cold sandwich, one hot, a salad, and soup. After placing an order at the register, find a table or loiter around the deli counter which displays bottled beverages, side dishes, and desserts. The crew will holler out your name when the grub is ready; occasionally, they'll deliver to your table.During peak lunch hours, this place gets busy. Even when greeted with a line trickling out the entrance, I've never waited long and always receive a sincere "sorry about the wait, what can I get for ya?" in the event there's even 1 person in line ahead of me. The staff doesn't appear to have a high turnover and is friendly and prepared to offer suggestions or chit-chat.For me, sandwich assembly is important and Sacks has the ratios down to a science. Be it tomato basil sandwich bread, a baguette, or rye, the balance of meat, veggies, and condiments is always appropriate and well balanced. Edge-to-edge with delicious ingredients.I generally opt for the Symphony or Ruben, though my lunch partners are never disappointed with their choices.Of note is their drink selection. In addition to a soda fountain which touts unusual choices such as Sprite Zero and Barq's Red Creme Soda, the tea selection is great. The Market Spice tea is particularly addicting and the Pineapple Jasmine Green tea is tasty, too.If you're craving something sweet, Wanda's cookies are pretty good. Try the "57," a combination of various cookie doughs that result in an original tasting treat.
4	Just like the balance of color and light in a masterpiece of a painting, Sacks knows how to craft a perfect balance of ingredients into a masterful sandwich.  Num, num, num - these are no ordinary sandwiches, and the world seems to know because the place is usually hopping.  In a world where the steak and cheese is merely pedestrian, Sacks Encore elevates it to new heights with a savory dose of jalapenos and yogurt sauce - it's one of those "WTF am I eating? This is so good!" kinds of moments.  The cookies have been a little more crispy than soft lately, but don't let that sway you.  And the Spiced Iced Tea is glorious - like drinking cooled chai with just the right amounts of sugar and lemon.  In a world where calories can be expended so cheaply, this is a great way to fill your belly and excite your taste buds all in one fell swoop.PS. Why is it, though, that they have spaghetti and meatballs?  A friend tried it out and despite all the vitriole on the menu about their being handmade and glorious, the meatballs were anemic, the spaghetti ordinary and the sauce nothing to write home about.  Strange.  Oh, well.  The sandwiches are still some glory.
4	Improv has turley, cranberry sauce and stuffing.  Delicious.  Get without mayo.  Clint Eastwood has fajita chicken, grilled onions, lettuce, chipotle sauce, pepper jack cheese.  Also good but not as good as the improv (which I was very skeptical of).  Free cookie with sandwich order!  This place exceeded my expectations for a quick sandwich.  Nothing to look at though.
4	Sandwiches are sandwiches, right?  Not so at Sacks.  They are true sandwich artisans.  Service is great, orders are filled fast and accurately and the price is more than fair.  But the real star is the food.  Try the Gothic!
4	This is a great place for a sandwich.  They have plenty of quality sandwiches and unique combinations to choose from at reasonable prices.  It was difficult to decide and I was a bit flustered because they have so many choices, but I settled on the Encore.  Because my wife wasn't with me, I chose the biggest and most unhealthy one on the menu.  It was excellent!  It was of a decent size and had plenty of quality ingredients inside.  I was also surprised that it was made so fast considering it was the lunch rush.I can't wait to come back and try each one of their other sandwiches.  It is a complete bummer that this places isn't open on the weekends which seems to be the only time I am in the area around lunch time.  The only other bummer was that at lunch time during the week the parking lot is a complete clusterfuq and difficult to find a space.  Normally I would just screw it and go somewhere else but I'm glad I stuck it out.
2	I really wanted to like this place because I saw a photo of their veggie sandwich in the Phoenix New Times Food Porn.  My husband and I went here after Ikea and wasn't that impressed. Ambiance was fun and the delivery of the food with the clipboards and bags are cool. Service was fine and had no issues here. Food is the reason why I gave it a 2. The veggie had all of the ingredients for a good sandwich -  cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion, sprouts, avocado, carrots and 2 cheeses which I chose Havarti and Provolone. However, with all of that, the veggies weren't that fresh and it was bland. My husband had their italian sandwich and enjoyed their banana peppers on it, but said that was bland too. We like a little more kick or flavor to our sandwiches. I won't be visiting this place again.
4	I love this place! It's really basic, but you get a really great sandwich.All their ingredients taste really fresh. The bread is soft and doesn't have that crazy-processed flavor and texture of most sandwich shops these days. All the veggies seemed ripe and fresh and made me feel like I was eating something really good for me. My fav is the Symphony - I love me some sprouts on a sammich. The staff has always been friendly and quick, nothing to complain about there, and you even get a little cookie with every order! I think the only room for improvement I saw was in the bathrooms. It was right after a lunch rush but they were pretty grody.
4	Sacks is where the beautiful people live at lunchtime. The menu board is mind boggling for the newbie. Step back and absorb. I got the Dali (all of the sandwiches are named for arteests) For me, it was my way of paying edible tribute to Subs by Jim, who went out of business recently. I even bowed my head for a little moment of silence before my first bite,... tear...I always got egg salad there.The Dali is Egg Salad, bacon, lettuce tomato, cream cheese and mayo. I held off the mayo, because my rule is if the filling has mayo, it is a sin to add more. Cream cheese was a little weird on egg salad, but it grew on me. Lightning quick service, but it should be with about 8 people behind the counter. Little cookie in the bag was a sweet bonus...haha, puns.Poore brothers chips, holla! Sweet Maui onion, yeah baby. Has anyone seen Parmesean and Garlic anywhere lately? That is my favorite, and according to the bag they still make it,  but I can't find them.Like this place. Will be back.
5	I had intended to give this sandwich place four stars - because it seemed excessive to give any sandwich place five stars -- but hey, on reflection what could they do better to get that extra star? Nothing - so five stars it is.Really big inventive menu. Big thick sandwiches (breakfast and lunch) made on demand, but still fast. Fresh healthy ingredients (mostly!) with super polite service. And reasonably priced! You'll leave a buck or two richer compared to Paradise Cafe/Bakery. I don't work in an office, but understand they're great for take-out (hence the name) when you're ordering a large lunch group.Plus they have my favorite thing in the world on the menu even though it's not a sandwich: A heaping bowl of angel hair pasta with homemade marinara plus add-ins like two small meatballs for $1.50 or grilled onions/peppers/mushrooms for 50 cents each. I'd give them 5+ stars if they added a "pasta with the works"  option which gave you all four things I just mentioned for less than a $3 total add-on. But now I'm being greedy - love this place.
5	Love the Dali with a tomato basil wrap!!! Plus the cookie is divine!
5	I love sacks and I also love the dirty puns I make when I go. The food is good the cookie they give you with each sandwich is good. I always get the symphony because I love anything that has avocado in it. I wouldn't recommend going at noon since it is PACKED. I also don't recommend the pasta or the pasta salad side. None of them are worth bragging about.
3	I don't come here that often as I'm not in Tempe very much. Last time I went there they got my order wrong which is always annoying, but they fixed it. No big deal. I've been here probably half a dozen times, and I'd say it's more like a 3.5 star, but I can't quite justify 4. This definitely a "throw a lot of things into this sandwich because it might taste better" kind of place, a la Paradise. I'm a very basic eater, so I don't need 9 ingredients in a sandwich, but whatevs, some people like it.
5	The Cajun Caesar salad is the best thing ever!
4	I would probably rate this 3.5 but there are no half scores....but regardless, I really like this place.  I have only gone twice but I think they have some great sandwiches.  I LOVE LOVE the eggsalad here.  I ordered it today with 12 grain bread, lettuce, tomato and bacon; after all, bacon makes everything better.  The atmosphere inside is very friendly, and you can tell it's a family operated type of place.  Service and preparation was speedy. No complaints.Heck, even my kitty (whom is a very picky eater) enjoyed a bite:) I'll be back for sure.
5	I'm going to have to update my review to 5 stars. I've been back here many (many. MANY.) times since my last review - so many that I don't always check in for fear my friends will see just how obsessed I am with this place - and everything has been above and beyond delicious.The sandwiches are amazing. Try the specials. No really. They know what they are doing. This is coming from a creature of habit who usually finds one thing she likes and orders it over and over again!
5	I picked up the sandwich at 8am as the 1st guest to have it at lunch.If you are ASU students, or residences in Tempe area,you should really try this place. This place is not far from the coor building.I like the Symphony among all other sandwiches. They said that's the best.
3	Sacks undoubtedly has some of the best sandwiches in Phoenix, but that being said, their sandwiches are really just okay. When I go here, I usually order the egg salad sandwich which is good except it is easy to tell that the bacon was made far in advance as it is always super salty. Easily my favorite part about going to sacks is the little cookie you get with your order as it's really tasty and never large enough!
5	So apparently, some of the staff that was at the Mill store moved to the Hardy store. This happened at the same time that the Hardy store was on my way to work, as opposed to the Mill store. I am not sure if it was the staff move or this store has always been this way. This place is better than the Mill store though. My breakfast wrap is tastier, larger, and  better put together than what I have had at the Mill store since the staff change. Both stores are excellent, not to disparage the Mill store. They still have excellent ingredients and make amazing sandwiches. I just feel that the Hardy store makes a breakfast wrap that is closer to what I want than any other place I have been.This is still one of the best hangover cures you can have!
5	Amazing wraps sides and cookies! Annnddd there's barqs red cream soda!!!
5	Now open on Saturdays!!!! Yes!!!!!
4	Love the selection of sandwiches here. Theyre fast and use quality ingredients.The only downfall to going here is that the parking lot is small and its a nightmare to try and find a space at lunch time.
5	This was the perfect lunch! I got the Sack's Symphony with turkey, bacon, avocado, sprouts, tomato and cream cheese. It was SO SO good. The combination was prefect. There was plenty of meat and toppings piled on- it definitely filled me up. It's clear the place is a well-loved lunch spot- it was a full house at 1:00. I can't wait to go back.
4	Very happy with the sandwiches and I'm not the biggest sandwich fan.I had the Van Gogh minus the cheese.  The ingredients and pumpernickel bread were extremely fresh.  I needed to add an extra topping to replace the cheese maybe some peppers to compliment the deli mustard.Also tried a bite of the Impressionist where you get to pick two cheeses with loads of veggies on top of the 12 grain bread. Here, I think they might want to make some recommendations of complimentary cheeses since they have so many.  Also, the bread seemed a little firm and dry (I'm a fan of softer breads).  Maybe not the freshest loaf of the day, but still tastyOverall it was a great deal and a packed lunch crowd.  Lots of teas to choose from if you want to skip the sodasOh and the mini cookies are a great treat to end the meal!!!
5	This sandwich place makes for an excellent lunch.  The Valley has more than one location, but this is the one I frequented the most. Fantastic sandwiches!  My favorite is the Improv, which is a turkey sandwich filled with cranberry sauce and herbed stuffing, but I have also enjoyed their Reuben, their roast beef sandwich (called the Van Gogh), and have ordered on numerous occasions a grilled cheese made to my specifications.  The food is always consistently good, and meals come with a cookie.  They have a great selection of iced teas.  My favorite is their Market Spice, which is cinnamon flavored.  This location is close to ASU's Tempe campus, so if coming for lunch try to get there a little before noon, in order to avoid the crowds.
5	The breakfast we had was so good, I can't give anything less than a five star! I had the Pepe, tomatoe basil bread, perfect eggs, melted amazing cheese, sauted mushrooms, onion, peppers, jalapenos.  SOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD!!Sisser had the green burrito, spinach, eggs, cheese, and I am not sure what else, but it was also sooooo good!! Mine was better :) haha!!!
5	Friend invited me here for lunch one afternoon. Being a science major/nerd I'd never wandered over to the side of campus Sacks is on- mistake #1 on my part. Mistake #2 not knowing about this place sooner! When we went they were having some trivia question game going on where you get a free drink if you got the answer right- I bet you can guess who got a free soda: THIS GIRL!Ordered the Sacks Van Gogh- so tasty!
5	Sacks is one of my go-to lunch spots in Tempe. The sandwiches and salads are great, I often order one of the specials of the day, as they are always too good to pass up.  Orders come out fast and with a free cookie!
5	We arrived here on a Friday at high noon and the place was hoppin'! That's okay, service was quick and friendly and people were in and out leaving seats available for us to dine inside. It was a bit toasty outside. Our party enjoyed two of the specials of the day with buffalo chicken on dill bread and two orders of the turkey, avacado, etc. sammie on whole grain wheat. Both sandwiches were so fresh and delicious. Veggies on the sandwich were fresh and delicious, and the bread tastes homemade. Is it? I don't know. But... if you're hankering for a really good sandwich, Sacks is your spot. Only issue - tiny parking lot but Worth It!!!
4	I had a sandwich that contained all of the following:SteakChickenBaconCheeseJalapenosother stuffIt was, in a word, freaking amazing.  The hot sub of the day is almost always my choice.
5	Sacks !!! Omg i had them for the first time back in 2011 the art of sandwicherie is correct .  Every time we go back we try something new but this one is a house favoriteSack's Symphony (Turkey breast, bacon, avocado, tomato, alfalfa  sprouts, cream cheese and mayo on 12 grain bread)
1	Holy Salty Soup! I literally JUST went there over my lunch break and I can't even eat the chicken noodle soup because its so salty...it almost burns. I am HIGHLY disappointed that a deli cannot do yummy chicken noodle soup properly. Its like I poured 2 salt packets into my mouth. I got the 1/2 sandwich and soup combo and for $7.75 you would think the sandwich (the Symphony) would be a lot bigger than what I got. It's basically the size of a half of a ham and cheese I make at home. Although the sandwich was kinda tasty, for a half, it's still TINY and not worth it for $7.75 and a cup of a salt. I don't think I'll go back. I am disappointed.  There just isn't a good sandwich shop around here, I guess. Boo.
5	My friend at work went and got lunch for us today and I had the deco with turkey instead - holy goodness it was delightful! And I got a cookie in my bag! Made the whole meal better. Would recommend this place and def going back.  Keep making good food guys, you are doing a great job!
3	Arrived here before the lunch crowd did, but even at 11:15 am that parking lot was almost full. The only really good thing about the sandwich was the bread - the 12 grain was thick and hearty and you can taste the seeds, but the bread was all I tasted because Sack's hardly put any turkey on my sandwich named the Symphony. It did have a heck of alot of sprouts, some cream cheese, a small amount of bacon and avocado. Could have been legendary with the proper ingredients and portion size, but alas it was nothing special, but nothing bad either. Just a forgettable sandwich with decent bread. The cookie says Wanda made it, but it seemed more like Entennman's and the sandwich was too small for it's $7 price tag. Turkey quality also needed upgrading. Place seemed more like a factory than really caring about your food. Bite Me subs is better.
4	Good sandwiches !
5	My boyfriend and I eat here ALL the time. We've ordered several items off the breakfast menu and probably over half of the sandwiches. Everything is always really tasty. The service is always super fast and they're really friendly. Good place for a quick breakfast (before 11am) and AMAZING place for sandwiches.
2	Wow! What has happened to the reliable Sacks I have known? Ordered the jazz- a BLT-to go. 12 grain bread was not the rich dark brown bread, but a much lighter color and texture. Bread itself was stale, and fell apart. While the bacon tasted good to me, my husband said it was not the crispy thick bacon he recalls. Slice of lettuce was fresh at least, and I could taste the advocado, but not the cream cheese, although I saw it when I took the bread away from the sandwich.Potato salad also looked different- an orangy- perhaps cheese- additive? One good size chunk of undercooked potato. It will be awhile before returning to Sack's.
4	I started a new job in the area and have been hitting up the local restaurants to find a new favorite, Sacks was my first stop.The service was fast but not particularly friendly though not unfriendly at the same time. I dropped in right around 11:45 and was out in less than three minutes.I purchased the Sacks Symphony, a sandwich on 12 grain bread with turkey, bacon, avocado, sprouts, tomato and cream cheese. The bread was bread, tasted like a decent commercial loaf out of a bag, but not terrible. The sandwich looked massive, but its bulk was dominated by a one inch layer of sprouts which ended up masking every other flavor in the sandwhich. I couldn't even tell the sandwich had avocado on it and the bacon was buried, also masked by the sprout flavor. If the sandwich had more of the other ingredients and fewer sprouts, I'd give the meal a better rating. As it stands though, it was just ok. For now, I will keep searching for my new favorite, 'cause Sack's isn't it.**Update**Since my previous review, our office has ordered from here and I have made one additional visit.On the visit, I was kindly greeted by a gentleman at the counter who provided a speedy recommendation when asked: the Encore, a steak sandwich with peppers, lettuce and a yogurt based sauce. The sandwich, while a bit messy, was quite good. The meat was perfectly seasoned and I found myself wanting another by the time I was done.For the office delivery, I tried the O'Keefe, a grilled chicken sandwich with mushrooms. While not as good as the Encore, I still enjoyed the sandwich and the delivery was perfect (places usually screw up large orders royally, but this was dead on.For these reasons, I feel i am justified in bumping their score up one star to a four, as I will be returning to try other items on the menu...or just get another Encore...
4	Sack's is a great local place to get a sandwich. The restaurant was clean and inviting. The menu is easy to read and the service was friendly and efficient. Sack's is perfect for a quick business lunch. The food was good and very affordable.
4	I love this place. The Impressionist is delicious and their breakfast is great too. Everything always tastes fresh, and you can get in and out of there really quickly.My only gripes about this place are that  the bathroom area consistently smells weird and 5 bucks for delivery is a little steep, but other than that, everything's great.
5	They sure have creative sandwitch making skills and they are delicious too. I have tried a few of them now and so far the Gothic is my favorite. Its a juicy turkey, ham, mushroom, cheese sandwich with greens and some special sauce or seasoning on top------sorry, I got the strong urge to run over and get one. Did I mention every sandwich comes with a free cookie?
5	I went to Sack's as an ASU student and I continue to go to Sacks as an ASU employee. The sandwiches are always made super fresh and the prices very affordable. My go-to used to be the Symphony (which is delicious) but I have now switched to the Dali. Normally I am extra wary of egg salad prepared at different restaurants but this sandwich is delicious! That plus the free cookie? Yes please!
3	Just discovered this place, a hidden treasure tucked away in one of ASU's parking lots. The restaurant is clean and inviting. The classic rock station pumping out of the kitchen stereo didn't fit with the artsy atmosphere and sandwich names, but If Van Halen and AC/DC don't get you going in the morning, what will? I ordered a coffee and the Sunrise breakfast burrito. The coffee was just a Keurig cup, nothing to write home about (on the upside, at least it was freshly brewed). The burrito hit the spot, crammed full of yummy breakfast stuff and just big enough to fill me up. Minor complaint : no napkins out for customers to grab. The one napkin included with my burrito got quickly soaked with burrito juice... So my apologies to the employees for the mess I left behind!
4	Figured I would give this ASU staple a quick review. The sandwiches are fresh and interesting. They always have a new taste to try out. Yes they do work on sandwiches as an art form. The location is great if you go to or work at ASU or its surroundings. Free cookie with the meal? Definitely a nice bonus. Every sandwich I have tried here has been good, even the egg salad!I really only wish it wasn't going away soon. I will eat there until they are gone though!
4	I'm a fan of sandwiches...and not plain sandwiches, neither. I want all the fixins, unexpected toppings, and bread options you have to offer! Sacks delivers in these essential categories. First, they have two killer vegetarian options. The Impressionist has every awesome thing on it, ever (avocado, cucumber, sprouts, cheeses, cream cheese, mayo...), and the grilled cheese was delicious as well. I picked pepper jack and swiss cheese for mine, and it came out so ooey-gooey. Yay!This place is decidedly college. Just a plain little sandwich shop, some indoor some outdoor seating. I imagine those ASU-goers love it, but I also saw a lot of business people using the pick-up option. Good sandwich spot in Tempe. Oh and most importantly, your sandwich comes with a cookie!
5	By far my favorite sandwich place on campus especially for a design student it is nice to be right next door campus. There's a sandwich called the Beethoven that is excellent! And all the sandwiches have a very fun names so makes it very hip.
4	Wow!! Found a new lunch place. I got the specialty salad with chicken and balsamic vinaigrette. The little tomatoes were just sweet enough and the balsamic vinaigrette was delicious.  A new favorite salad!!
5	Place is prompt, clean and absolutely delicious. I had the employee suggest their favorite sandwich which was the "encore" and it hit the spot!! I'll be going there a lot now for lunch!
4	One of those places where I both wish I lived closer and am glad I don't. I had a sandwich with salmon, cream cheese, and lemon caper sauce that was awesome. I don't often get salmon sandwiches, but I'm glad I had this one. They were able to make it without the onions, which was perfect. Fish was fresh and not fishy, and everything else was great. If I lived in the area I'd be here for lunch way too often.
5	I have yet to have something bad from here! Everything is so good! I also love that you get a cookie with your sandwich! Fast service and yummy food every time! The parking situation isn't always the easiest...but it's worth the hassle!!
4	I was in town for a few days, and I was staying at a hotel close by. Perhaps out of laziness, but also because they were so good, I ended up coming here for lunch all three days that I was staying. I ordered the Symphony with lettuce instead of sprouts, on baguette, and I loved it. At first, I wasn't quite sure that I'd like the cream cheese, but it added a nice flavor to the bacon and avocado with the turkey. I loved it every time. My only criticism would be that they put a little two much lettuce on my sandwich, but that's not a huge deal. They are prompt in preparation without being sloppy, and I like that a lot. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
3	Love the musical/art inspired names but was not impressed with the oh so chewy roast beef in my sandwich. I ordered the Overture which was a horseradish + roast beef sandwich served on a baguette.   - Horseradish had good kick  - Baguette more like a soft french roll - Sandwich suffered a bit from having everything on one side of the sandwich leaving me      with bites of just beef/horsey sauceProximity to ASU is a bonus though and they have free parking in front.A solid option for students looking for a bite but not really a destination in itself*Appreciate the cookie though
1	I ordered delivery, it came very fast, unfortunately what they delivered was disgusting. I asked for no mayo, no ham, I got it with both. Not only that, the bread was wet. Completely inedible. Just threw away the sandwich, along with my money.
2	Bland sandwiches, good selection, but I was not impressed. It's bad when you feel like you could make the same thing at home, if not better.
4	My 2nd time there.  Everything that I have tasted has been terrific!  They offer a wide variety of sandwiches and other options for lunch.  They even have a good amount of breakfast items too.At times they get crowded but they are well worth the wait.
5	I went here on day after school and had the Ruben. It was the most delicious sandwich I've ever eaten. They give you little cookies with every sandwich which are also amazing. The next day I brought my whole family sandwiches. Best sandwich shop in town, can't wait to work my way through the rest of the menu!
