5	First of all, how has no one reviewed Michael's yet?  They have the best everything!  The best frozen yogurt, certainly the best fried cheese curds EVER, and the best root beer.  Michael's is open kind of later than you might expect, and has a nice patio to sit outside in the summer.  They now offer K-9 custard, so you can bring your dog too!  My cat likes ice cream, I wonder if K-9 custard could be good for felines?
5	Thank god Michelle reviewed this place. She's taken me here before and IT RULED but I coudn't remember the name. I wish we had a place like Michael's even half as good in Minneapolis.Every single time I have frozen custard it tastes like butter and, while some may find that awesome, it happens to make my gag reflex go crazy. The custard at Michael's is pretty much perfect and the root beer is SO good. I don't even like root beer that much but I would drink this stuff every day if I could.I'm sure I'd love the K-9 custard, too. Who cares, I'm sure it's ten times better than the solid half and half a lot of places are trying to pass off as custard around here.
5	i cannot believe that no one had yelped this place- thank you jaymi and michelle, you are geniuses. my friends from madison visiting a couple weeks ago told me that michaels is  just as it was when i was there maybe 8 years ago so this review should be accurate. one word sums it up. PERFECTION. they also told me they dont go often, or at least every day, which i would. you would be beyond obese but it would be worth it. i have only had the frozen custard here and being lactose intolerant but in denial makes it a rough experience. there is nothing like this in the world- italian gelati, nopee, argentine ice cream del dios, cant touch this shit. michaels frozen custard is literally the best taste sensation i have experienced in my life. that is a big statement and im owning it.  it doesnt even matter what flavor you get, its that good. you dont even have to get toppings on it- though i would toss some peanut butter cup chunks on. could be worth the drive to madison alone.
3	First of all, this is not the original location... that's why you see so few reviews here on the Atwood store. However, they still have the cute umbrellas and the luscious custard we all love. Stopped in to get a fix and killed two birds with one stone -- delicious frozen custard sundaes and hot fried cheese curds. Could it get any better? Only if you made the entry way and the outdoor tables more accessible for friends and family in wheelchairs, and your servers a little friendlier and better. We sat outside in the sunshine and watched everybody drive by and stare back at us jealously.
5	I had Death By Chocolate.  Now I am dead and loving it.
5	Each trip home I need, need to stop by here  for the requisite small turtle sundae: its melty eggshell-white frozen custard, hot fudge, caramel, a pile of pecans and cherry on top makes my day. Or my year. Take a pint to-go, too. I'm currently dreaming about their pumpkin custard. Mmm.
4	Cheddar burger, check. Vanilla shake, check. Food coma, double check!!! This place is old school burgers, fries and shakes; and they are good at what they do!
4	The custard is really fantastic - creamy - the best.  The other food, though, is notably disappointing.  I've had a couple of burgers there and they were greasy and half-hearted concoctions.  I also think that the counter staff could be a lot better.  They always seem sullen and taciturn.  In the winter you get the impression that they aren't really even supposed to be open.  That is all a shame, though, because the interior is decent - 50's diner style - and they could surely draw in a very decent off-season crowd if they chose to work on the food and the staff's comportment.
4	Go for the custard, and if you are doing drive through and want the flavor of the day, be sure to ask for it fresh. I was sure Culver's just down the way would drive a stake through Michael's when it opened a few years back, but it hasn't happened. For those of us who like the real thing, that's something to be happy about.I've been happy with their veggie burgers and can't complain about the food over all. Drive in kinda food...
4	Being from out of state, I'm not a custard expert.  However, even an idiot knows that this place is good after just one taste.I enjoyed the black forest flavor of the day.  Creamy chocolate and cherries.Make sure to walk through the back parking lot, through the grassy area and down to the lake to enjoy your treat.
4	Better than Culvers. But more expensive.
2	If you stop eating frozen custard for a while and then go back to it, you  wish you never tried it again.  After a few years frequenting this place, the Oreo malt is the only thing I consider ordering. And that is only if someone I'm with really wants to go and is paying for it. Prices are obscene. All of the food is greasy, bland, and expensive.
3	Good, wisconsin-esque experience.  The flavors of the day, mint oreo, then cookie dough, were just ok.  Would go back, unless I found someplace better.
2	I was there on a hot Sat in June.  They had one clerk and some other guy learning over try to hear the order.  Shouldn't the outside order window be opened.  I order the basket and the clerk specifically asked me for fries, onion rings, and cheez curds.  What I ended up in my basket were onion petals.  These aren't rings( they used to serve rings)but that's not what I got. I got about 10 and they used to serve big portions.  This location didn't have fountain drinks and had the choice of soda in a can. They used to have fountain drinks.Finally, the last thing that made mad as a wet wasp is the prices listed are cash prices. If use a credit card you pay 3% more. A flavor OF THE DAY(fod) is about 3.70 while a whole pint is about 4.99.  You can always get the FOD in a pint so I would go with a whole pint.  Basket are about 5.99 to 6.70 but bring your cash or add 3% to the already absorbent prices.
5	The best frozen custard!It's very smooth and creamy though a bit sweet. Every time I go to Madison, I need to stop here for some creamy frozen treat. The chocolate pecan is my favorite.
4	I like this place.  Nothing super special, but still one of the best custard places in town.  I always get dog ice cream for my pups.
3	I'm a frozen custard novice, so maybe i'll revise this after I've tried some other places. We came here at about 9:30 on a Thursday night and it was pretty dead. I think we were expecting a normal ice cream shop kind of atmosphere, with a big case of flavors to look at, so we had a bit of a deer-in-headlights moment when we first walked in, trying to figure out what we were supposed to order. It turns out they only have 3 flavors (vanilla, chocolate, and one other) per day, and most of your choices come from what sort of sundae you get. Once we figured that out, a number of the sundae choices seemed pretty solid. I ended up going with Turtle, and my husband got the Peanut Butter Cup. Both were excellent. The chocolate shell on the PBC was nicely chocolaty, especially for that kind of a product, and I appreciated that they didn't skimp on the pecans for the Turtle. We both had smalls, which were QUITE ample. We also got a K9 custard for our dog, which she appeared to enjoy. I guess I just have a couple of objections that keep this from being a 4-star place. First, I wish they had more flavors, since I don't always want a sundae (but maybe this is characteristic of frozen custard joints and is not a fair criticism). Second, I think it should be served slightly colder so that it doesn't melt as fast when the hot fudge hits it. Third, I felt that it was a bit overpriced for a fast food-style place. This is especially true of the K9 custard, since we're used to getting something more along the lines of a 79-cent kiddie cone for the dog. We'll probably be back, since its in the neighborhood, but this will not be the last frozen dessert purveyor I visit in Madison.
1	Stick with Culvers!  My family and I stopped by on our way biking around the lake. What a rude and disappointing experience. First of all the staff who waited on us, Andrea was short tempered and not into customer service. We tried to order swirl, but they don't have it, we had to come up with a solution, Andrea just said no. We ordered a cone, small sundae and a can of coke. About $10.00 later, I was grudging given a glass filled about 1/3 full of ice for my not very chilled coke. The custard is ok, but nothing special. Another option would to be to continue on the bike path. In Monona there is an ice cream stop by a park on the lake. We will try that next time.
2	For all the hype, Michael's is quite a disappointment. Maybe it's because I didn't try the custard. But seriously, I didn't need more weighing down in this weather...so I ordered an orange crush float instead. For something that would have cost me MAYBE 50cents to make at home, I paid close to $5 for a 12oz cup. That is ridiculous. In general, I think their prices are pretty steep for what you get....you'd probably have to order a burger to really get a bang for your buck...Like RB, I also had an issue with the service. It was slow, disorganized, and not very friendly. The line was almost out the door, but the employees behind the counter didn't even ATTEMPT to speed up the service. One of them just disappeared into a back room. tsktsk. I also thought it was hilarious how one of the employees crumpled up an order form before the order had been completed, and then had to UNcrumple the paper so she could re-read the order to her coworker. Really? Anyway, I will probably give the Monroe St. Michael's - and their custards/burgers - a shot, but I'm not going to get my hopes up.
4	This was my first visit.  I love the interior decoration of this place.  Clean.  Had a really yummy sundae.  A bit pricey though.
4	Great custard, fresh toppings, overall its amazing. $$$ though. I paid $4 for a chocolate shake and it was not even that big. A cheaper alternative, obviously Culvers. I would still recommend Michaels though.
2	Just had the worst tasting greasy cheesburger I have ever had.  Served with about 5 french fries.
5	In Madison to watch some club soccer at the park down the road. Skipped breakfast and needed to fill my belly with some lip lickin food that comes fast. Michael's looked like a gimmick, but was the closest place I could find. They're going for a 50s nostalgia drive-thru and for the most part it works! I recommend going inside to also taste the retro ambiance. Food? Happy to report significantly better than your average fast food joint. My bacon cheeseburger was dripping with just off the grill grease. It's a quality burger with fresh veggies to boot. And you won't find fries like this even at a sitdown restaurant. Holy delicious.Next time I'll try the shake.
1	Please do not ever go here.  This is a public service announcement.  I do not even know you and I like you too much to suggest this place.1- Prices?!  Are you kidding me?  $6 for a milkshake?  It was tiny.  Not to mention it was not much of a milkshake.  It was a peanut butter cup shake.  They took some peanut butter cups, crushed them and stirred them into custard with some milk.  I saw the whole process.  It was not very impressive whatsoever.  The flavor was ok.  2 - The food.  I had a chili cheese dog.  This is my standard order when it is available on the menu.  The chili tasted like Hormel.  The hot dog was hot and the chili was warm.  I like that they have shredded cheese on it, rather than liquid cheese.3 - My dining companion got a burger.  It tasted ok, but it was a very thing patty. He also ordered cheese curds with it.  They were so greasy and lacked any good flavor in the breading.  Overall, we spent nearly $20 there and I was not satisfied with my meal.  Every talks so much about how great the custard is.  Nope.  Not good.  Go to Culver's!  Seriously, for $6 you can get something TWICE the size with more mix-ins.  Better yet?  Get a cone for you AND a friend.
4	A freezer full of titles that need to be decoded!I asked the counter guy the tough questions: "What's the difference between bear claw, elephant trax, and badger trax?"I can't remember what the difference was other than that elephant trax sounded the best.  I didn't want to risk ending my day with artificial caramel, so chose the chocolate custard with peanut butter cups.Perhaps a little steep at upwards of $5 per pint, but hey, it's not much more expensive than regular-price Haagen-Dazs or Ben&Jerry's is getting these days, and I think it's at least on par, plus it's freshly made!
4	Michael's has been around forever...I've eaten more sundaes here than I care to admit.  And, without fail, they are good. Every. Single. Time. Yes, they are a bit pricey.  Yes, they may be small for what you get. Yes they are all pretty similar. But darn it. They are so stinkin' good.  Just eat them before they melt, because gosh does custard melt faster than ice cream!!I have never eaten the "real" food at this location - so I can't comment on that. But the sundaes are worth it every time.
2	Way overpriced. I paid just about $21 for a burger basket, an order of cheese curds, bottled water, and two custard cones. Not even worth the price!!!!Culvers would have been a better option. the food was ok, but I suppose the custard was good.
2	Overpriced, usually burnt, tasteless, if you're spending this much money on these bad burgers you might as well just go to Blue Plate a mile or two down atwood and get something worth your time.
