3	Not a great Best Buy, but the camera section is usually on point.
1	The customer service at this location is horrendous. I'm not even going to write about my experience dealing with the associates here in fear that the frustration I suffered would only ruin the rest of my day.The associates and the supervisors have no knowledge of their products, no courtesy.. Simply rude and flat out very poor customer service.
3	I forget what originally brings me to Best Buy the moment I walk in the doors. I get distracted with all the latest technology, big tvs, and the latest gadgets.I purchased my last digital camera here. Good sale with plenty of accessories. I typically buy all my electronic needs from Best Buy.The employees are courteous and helpful, when you can find them. However, the company doesn't seem to communicate well with its employees on the rewards card or e-coupons. Not having someone ask if you need help can be a good thing, until you find something you want.
5	After a terrible experience with Virgin Mobile (they put the wrong cellphone code on the wrong box on every one of their phones in this shipment and I brought it home, tried to activate it, and it blocked me from registering a phone at all) and what I thought was Best Buy's issue, the Best Buy mobile center had some of the best staff around. They were apologetic and tried to fix the issue (in the end they didn't, but they had little to work with). We worked with Pete, who was hilarious, and did a TERRIFIC job taking care of the issue as best as possible. His diligence was really appreciated among all the stress of dealing with Virgin Mobile's terrible customer service.
1	OH MY GOD I HATE BEST BUY.I went looking for NBA Jam for XBOX 360 for my husband's birthday... generally, I'd just order on Amazon, but his birthday is today, so I needed it now.  I looked in the video game section but couldn't find it, so I tried to find an employee to ask for help.  Per the usual, there wasn't an employee in sight in my section.  Far across the store, I could see some employees stocking TVs... and there seemed to be several employees stationed at the exit, ostensibly to prevent theft, but no one in my section.  I wandered toward the customer service desk and managed to snag a young blond woman who was clearly on her way to play with the Nook display.  I told her what I was looking for, and she said (and I quote), "Ok, the first thing you need to do is go over to that computer over there and type in what you're looking for and see if we have it in the store.  If we do have it, then someone will help you find it."Though I was taken aback at this bizarrely unhelpful attitude, I did what she said, and after navigating the computer, I discovered they did have a copy of this RECENTLY RELEASED game in stock.  ONE copy.  So I trekked back over to customer service and stood in line.  I told the woman at the customer service desk that I needed someone to help me, and she hollered at another woman (who was stationed at the exit, ostensibly to prevent theft) to help me find this game.  THIS woman went to the nearest computer to perform the same search I had just performed, and predictably came up with the same results.  She, in turn, hollered at another man working at customer service to see if he could help me find the game.This gentlemen led me straight back to the video game section, looked in the exact same place I had looked, did not see the game (as I had not seen it), and proclaimed that they did not have it.  HONESTLY, people.  It's RETAIL.  It's not difficult.  Go out of your way once in a while to see if you can help a girl out.As I exited the store, I passed the blond woman who initially refused to help me.  She was happily fussing away on the sample Nook.I plan to buy the game on Amazon now and never go to Best Buy again.  I hate it so much.
2	I like Best Buy as much as the next guy.  But not this one.  I go in from time to time to look at TVs and see if the prices have come down or if they have any returned ones for sale.The problem is that there's hardly ever anyone there to help you out.  During my several visits, the only person in the store who acknowledges my presence is the guy at the door who says "Welcome to Best Buy" (Translation: "we're watching you, don't steal stuff.")I went in again recently to look for a new car stereo, and there was nobody working in that area.  I asked the guy at the door if there was someone who could help me out, and he acted as if it was a pain in the ass.When a guy came over and talked with me, he was friendly and helpful, which was refreshing.  Until he told me that the wiring harness needed to install the stereo would add a hundred bucks to the installation price.  I can get the harness at any number of online shops for about $20.Anyway, guess that's about it for me and the Metropolitan Ave. Best Buy.
2	Best Buy maybe, mediocre service definitely.  I went to Best Buy last night and spent at least 10 minutes looking at I-pods and Mp3 players. No one offered to help.  I walked around the store and noticed how sales staff were remarkably absent.  The few associates I saw were tied up with customers.  I asked a young sales associate in the neighboring cellular dept. if she could help me.   She said that it wasn't her department,  but helped me anyway. Kudos to her!  We discussed the pros/cons of buying an I-pod and solutions for transmitting I-pod music in one's car.  She referred me to a installation consultant when the conversation turned to installing new radio.  Then, this young man dropped the bad news about the added costs of some wiring harness that would cost an additional $100.  I spent 50 minutes in Best Buy to get this??? Why not have a consultant specifically staff in the digital music players to discuss these matters?I decided to go the cheap route and use my FM tuner device for my new mp3 player.  Perhaps the nearby Target would have better deals.  There, I was helped immediately by a friendly clerk who explained the tech support, Target warranty, and pointed out the selection of wristbands for jogging with my new I-pod purchase.  Maybe he could teach Best Buy associates a lesson in proactive sales.   Why bother with an electronics store that is clearly understaffed, unmotivated, and whose selection is no different than other big box retailers?
2	I agree with the rest of the reviews.  When I walked by the phone section, the people there always seem to be on point.  The rest of the store....nothing.  Last time I was there I stood in front of the HIGHLY disorganized Wii section for 30 minutes searching for a game.  I never found it, never found someone to help me, and got so frustrated with my experience I walked over to Target to do the rest of my shopping (I was there to buy 3 specific things).  I don't know what is wrong with this particular Best Buy.  I usually get such better service, see better inventory, and would expect something better for the Best Buy that services Uptown.
2	So.. I'm not gonna lie.. I've been here ONCE, but when I was here I was browsing for a specific item. I was in the electronics section (looking for a camera) and noticed that not a single employee was around. Any that I saw were with customers already, which is completely understandable. So I waited around for about 20 minutes and finally decided that I would come back tomorrow after researching a little more about the camera's I wanted. I did notice, however, that their selection was pretty scarce. As I was walking out of the store I noticed at least 3 employee's chatting it up by the registers. So... if they had time to chat, I'm guessing they also had some time to help me out. Perhaps it was wrong place, wrong time... but I've worked in retail before, and customers usually don't put up with that. Regardless, I will be back, but only because it's the closest Best Buy to where I live.
1	Parking is terrible, selection is terrible, staff is terrible.Would rather drive 15 min to another electronics store than shop here again.
3	Not too big of a fan of this Best Buy, but they still generally always have what I want. I hate being hassled when I'm looking at computers, but at least the staff is knowledgeable.
3	Wish I could give it more stars... great location... the Parking Deck is a death trap. Once you survive that the store is pretty compact and somewhat hard to navigate (especially the check out line).  I think it is due to the fact that there are multiple entrances.Didn't have too much staff interaction, but someone did come up to me and ask if I had and questions and where to find him if I needed him.
2	I have to agree with pretty much every thing Jeff S. said.  This store is small, I would much rather go to a "stand alone" Best Buy, or one that's in a larger strip mall.  However, if you're needing something quick - say, a gift card, cord, cable, CD or DVD - then by all means stop by here.The employees are scarce & while they do acknowledge you, they seem to have trouble locating items you would ask for or have questions about. The lighting is very dim, too.Parking is very difficult, since the building is shared with other businesses - mainly Trader Joe's (where it's always busy).
1	Whoever brainstormed the idea of the entire Metropolitian shopping complex should be publicly shamed. Between this BB and the neighboring Target, these places just aren't all that convienent. They're more of a pain to get into and out of than anything else. Parking is horrendous for this Best Buy, even worse than the Target! Trader Joes should have the entire complex to themselves.The store is tiny and the staff are far and few between. The staff I have encountered have been helpful but the line at the cash registers can be slow going. Like some of the others have said, I would rather visit a stand-alone store.Your pal,Walter
1	Rude loss prevention officer.Never in my life have I gotten the evileye in such a way.Did not feel welcomed in this store at all!Came looking for a specific digital camera, they have agents to spare but no one approached to help.Got plenty of attention when I reached into my pocket to get my phone though. Suppose I'm not important enough to help,only to observe to prevent theft.I was not gonna go to this store to start with.Called in advanced to see if the product was in stock. I was on hold two different calls,two different days,different times of the day.I rather suffer dealing with Walmart staff or waiting for it to come by mail.
1	@#$% this place!Don't bother! Good luck finding an employee to either help or checkout. It seems they have decided to get rid of all cash registers but one and have decided to concentrate on a huge customer-service/Geek Squad station instead. "Customer-Service". That's laughable! I don't care how convenient this location is to work. I will never set foot in it again.In addition, the parking deck is still a cruel joke. I reckon they had a bunch of leftover concrete & steel and decided to make a poorly-planned, slapped together monolith for people to wreck or get run over in. I'm surprised that an ambulance-chaser hasn't set up a law firm within the complex. He could have a drive-thru service.Your wary pal,Walter
3	When you need electronics and accessories in Uptown, this is the spot. I'd recommend parking across the street in the Target deck and walking over. Way easier than trying to get into this deck.Reasonable selection, considering that it's a smaller footprint than their stores out in the sticks. I managed to find several different varieties of the accessories that I needed for my new Kindle Fire - enough that I had to sit on the floor and compare them. And while I was there, one of their khaki and blue shirts stopped by and asked if I needed any help.Join their Rewards program - you'll get discounts in the mail.
1	So, being a Trader Joe's shopper I am used to the terrible parking deck that comes with shopping at this complex. If you happen to not be familiar with this area tough be warned- just to get into the store is a fight to get a spot and then navigate the other traffic fighting for a spot as you walk to the store. Once inside I find that I am constantly annoyed with the layout of this store, but I can't quite figure out what it is about it that bothers me. We have shopped at this store on several occasions but my experience last night is what is prompting this review. We are talking about getting a new Smart TV for the house and I decided I wanted to go into the store and actually check them out before deciding on what we really needed. When we arrived I had to use the restroom (baby on the way makes this a WAY more frequent event when we are out and about), so I walk in, first stall- lock broken no toilet paper. 2nd stall, part of the lock is missing so essentially no lock but there is some tissue and the baby is pressing on my bladder so I decide to give it a go, luckily no one else came in during that time. Overall just seemed really run down and not taken care of. I hurried off to meet my husband in the TV section, fully expecting that at this point someone will probably be helping him- NOPE. He is walking around, looking a little on his own. So I decide to look at the Smart TV display which is right next to a station where a worker is standing, doing something else, but does not even acknowledge us. Anyway, I try to get the display to work and nothing. Try multiple times and nothing. Say in a really loud voice- "What the heck is going on with this display? How am I supposed to use this?" Guy kind of turns over looks at us, looks back down and goes back to what he was dong. We walk around for a few more minutes, still no one helps even after seeing at least 2 more associates. Finally, as we are walking away original guy, still standing behind his little desk says, "finding everything you are looking for?" Nope- but thanks guy. I was looking for the instant gratification of buying a TV and getting a little old school customer service to help out with my decision but now you have guaranteed that I will be taking my business online, where I expect to not be helped.
1	Me: I'd like to get two of those computers.Best Buy: We can't sell you two computers.Me: Why not?Best Buy: Because...let me find out. Nope, we can't sell you two computers.Me: Why not?Best Buy: Because that would hurt our inventory.Me: Huh? Best Buy: Because we can't sell more than one item if it's on sale.Me: The computer is not on saleBest Buy: We still can't sell you two computers.Me: Can I buy two iPads?Best Buy: No.This conversation extended another 30 mins. I ended up buying the computers with two different credit cards (which triggered a fraud alert with my bank but that's another story). The other customers in line were dismayed that BB did not appear to be in the business of selling goods to customers. Thank goodness they don't sell shoes because you'd walk out of there with one bare foot. UPDATE: After reflecting on this experience I decided that I'd prefer to spend $2K elsewhere and returned both computers the next day.
1	Yea I can pretty much reiterate with how crappy the customer service is at this store. For how busy this complex is you would think that the store managers would try and keep employees that know what they are doing and can try to pretend that they are interested in helping you. I hope the managers read these reviews: y'all need to step your game up
1	I am new to Charlotte from Maryland and this happens to be the closest Best Buy in the area. As mentioned by almost every other person, the parking is horrendous. The two times that I have been, I ended up parking across the street at the Target. Upon walking into this location, I am instantly annoyed at the layout of the store and spent about 15 minutes on my first trip looking for an item (and/or a store employee to guide me). Eventually I found it and was shocked at the small amount of stock they had on their shelves. I was particularly looking for an ipod dock boombox, which I started searching for in Maryland before I moved. This Best Buy location had about 1/4 of the selection I saw from my home location. I ended up leaving and purchasing the product I wanted from Target. On my second trip I was looking for iPhone accessories. Once again, about 1/3 of the products were not in stock. They only had one option for an armband, which I bought, but have to return because the product quality is not what I am looking for. I was also surprised to see that the customer service desk is huge with ample employees, but there is only one cash register? This makes no sense to me. I probably will avoid having to return to this location and drive a little further for a better experience.
3	Parking.. Was such a hassle. I seem to always have gone during the times when there are traffic. For the first time, I had to park across the street, at the Target side, first level. It wasn't that bad of a walk, after I got out and crossed the street to get to Best Buy.  But still! Fighting for a parking spot for 10-15 min.. No thanks. Customer Service - or lack of. I was hardly greeted by the people who works here. I came what I was looking for, happy to have gotten away with a $21 WiiU Pro white controller.Gripe - trying to find the checkout/cash register. Saw a whole bunch of people at the Geek Squad.. Did not look like I could have checked out. No one to guide or help me.. Fine, I am self-sufficient. Found it on my own, but surprised to see only one cash register guy.... Really... At least there was not a line. The guy was friendly at least.
1	Worst Buy is a better name for this location. They must have changed their manager I've been here many times before, but in the last 6 months they have sucked in every department.It's Holiday Season right? So you'd think they have actual people "working" Ha Ha Ha Ha. You'd be wrong.Wanted to upgrade my phone. Stood in front of the girl who was helping someone. 10 minutes later she looked up and ask if I needed help. I guess people just go to Best Buy to stand there...  Told her I'm there for upgrade.  She yelled over for a clueless girl to help her.  That girl stood there asked me for my info. Then walked off never said a word just walked away.After 10 minutes of wait I asked the first girl if her friend was coming back. She replied Well it's just me. She was helping me out. If you wait 20 more minutes I can help you.So after 35 minutes of waste of my time. Not even on square 1. No doubt they will blame economy for low sales.  I say Fire manager who can't set the tone, fire sucky employees and see customers pay you.  Rule #1 Take care of THE CUSTOMER.   Work is NOT extension of your social life. Work
1	A visit this particular store (#1108) was an ordeal, exemplified by two staffers:1) The moody 'customer service' rep who doubled as the cashier.  On a strict academic, anthropological level one had to admire her economy of words.  Indeed, she seemed to have distilled spoken English, which linguists often categorize as a notoriously complex tongue, to a series of monosyllabic grunts that no doubt allowed her to conserve energy and finish her shift as fresh as when she clocked in.  'Yeh...No...ID?...Bag?'  Minimalism isn't just for modern art anymore - it now applies to communication!In keeping with some bizarre trend in 'service' (sorry but the quotes are still necessary to convey irony), this cashier eschewed eye contact and instead stared into the far corners of the store.  What could she be watching, one wondered?  The movements of her colleagues?  Her favorite show (possibly a cartoon) visible on a distant flat-panel screen?  In any case, the girl with the faraway eyes managed to complete a transaction without once looking at her point of sale display or the customer standing directly opposite.  Quite an achievement in its own odd way.Ah, but the final touch was the completion of the sale.  Most consumers long ago abandoned any expectation of a simple, courteous 'Thank You' for making a purchase ($200 in this case) and doing their part to pay salaries and keep the doors open.  Somehow, a vague suggestion among retail and foodservice staffers to 'Have a good one/day/night' has supplanted any expression of gratitude.  But our girl wasn't having any of that chat and, after the exertion of placing a single item in a single bag, left the bag to languish on the counter top.  None of this pick it up and offer it to the customer!  Who does that customer think he is, anyway?  He can damn well lean over to the far side to reach the bag handles and haul it off his grand self!2) The DIRECTV Vampire.  No, it isn't a limited-run gothic drama offered by a particular satellite provider.  The vampire is the guy/girl in the navy polo watching for fresh blood to enter the store.  The customer walks down an aisle, stops to examine a product, and the vampire approaches stealthily from behind.  'Finding everything OK?  Say, who's your TV/cable provider?'  Cue the sales pitch.  An optimist might inform the vampire that he already is a subscriber of DIRECTV (really!) but the vampire is undeterred.  Come to Best Buy and renew!  You get access to a supersecret customer service phone line!  The customer wonders why he isn't getting top-tier customer service already, based on the exorbitant amount he spends on DIRECTV every month but why prolong the conversation?  For many, the prospect of dealing with a new or used car huckster and the hard sell keeps them coaxing every last mile out of their older-model vehicle.  Now the full car dealer log-rolling experience is available to the poor sap who just wants to grab a Bluetooth earpiece or a phone case and get on with life.The vampires may be 'independent contractors' but obviously they wouldn't be stalking any and all without approval from and coordination with Best Buy.Ironically, the vampire is the only one who approaches the customer to offer assistance, ulterior motives notwithstanding.  Thank heaven for small favors!And so, the full flower of making a simple purchase at Best Buy:  the loyalty program....the warranty pitch with its melodramatic (if unconvincing) Fear Uncertainty & Doubt (FUD) routine...DIRECTV 'partnering'...the upsell.  At corporate HQ they are looking for any ray of light, any means of grabbing the customer by his figurative ankles and shaking him like a piggy bank, waiting for that last dime to fall out.  But the slick training videos, hyperbolic rah-rah slogans, white-board targets etc. lose something (badly) in transit to front-line operations.And so, the customer gathers his own bag in silence, exits past a glowering Loss Prevention type, and berates himself for weakening and shopping retail just one more time.  He is now fully resolved to save himself a trip and several headaches by shopping online where no web server has ever given him attitude, attempted to interrupt his browsing with irrelevancies, and where at least the e-mails say thank you, however automated they may be.Finding everything OK?  Why yes - on the internet!
1	I have been to this Best Buy numerous times. It's conveniently located however this Best Buy has the absolute worst customer service I have ever witnessed.On two separate occasions a worker has failed to answer my questions when I have been willing and able to wait to buy a product. I have also tried to call the store to check on a vacuum and I can't even get through past the automated phone service. This just turns me off to Best Buy completely.
4	When I lived on this side of town, I was in this BB almost every week and have never had an issue.  It's close to other places I need to get to, which makes it even more convenient.  They do have an issue with the professionalism of the customer service representatives though.  I mean they help you when you walk up, but they don't really engage you at all and are kinda just there to get you of the line as quickly as possible.  I walked around about 20 minutes on my last visit before I could find anyone to help me.  When someone finally did, she was very helpful, but it shouldn't have taken that long.
