3	For all you Worldmark timeshare owners, this one's for you (well, as well as this one: http://www.yelp.com/biz/worldmark-las-vegas#hrid:Dls2X0IvRb-rQebnK8yK_Q)...This facility near the corner of Spencer and Flamingo is small, more unto an apartment complex than a full fledged resort.  No bells, no whistles.Amenities for the complex include a pool/spa, a laughable workout room, a pitiable rec room, and a vending machine.  But there is an Albertson's down the street (Flamingo) to pick up groceries, and the kitchen in the room is fairly equipped; fridge, stove, microwave, pots, pans, plates, glassware, etc.They do provide a shuttle service that makes two stops; MGM and Harrah's every hour on the half-hour mark until 1:00 AM.Of the two shuttle driver's I chatted it up with, both were cool guys.  Sonny in particular was awesome.  He's an older guy, born and raised in Hawaii, so his demeanor and conversation was so laid back and fun; very "talk story".The room we stayed in was a two bedroom apartment, with 2 bathrooms, kitchen, smallish patio, living room, and a washer/dryer combo.  Not lavishly furnished by any measure, but functional enough to sleep and sustain about 6-ish people comfortably... All in all, there was the King (master), Queen (Murphy in the living room), and the two twins (guest room), plus the couch and plenty of floor.You'll also find two televisions, a stereo, dvd/vhs player, and a fireplace, if such things pique your interests...So, if you plan on being in Vegas more than 3-4 days and expect to need the comforts of a home (like cooking, laundry, space), the Worldmark Spencer is a viable option...From just almost anywhere on the strip, it was about a $13 cab fare to get back...___________________________... OH, but the walls/floors were a little thin.  I could hear some folks in another unit upstairs, um, doing something.
2	This place is serviceable, but don't expect any Las Vegas glamor or luxury. It looks to be a converted apartment complex. The weirdest part was that the light switches are outside each room. So I would walk into the kitchen and then remember I needed to go out into the living room to turn on the lights. Or I would walk into the bathroom and then remember I needed to walk out into the bedroom to turn on the light. Weird. The decor looks like it was picked up on clearance at Marshall's.  It has an odd cowboy theme and the fake cowboy boots beside the fireplace were really bizarre.  At first I thought they belonged to the BF's brother and I thought, "Why the Hell did he bring those to Vegas?"  The shuttle was really a joke. Cabs to the strip were about $15 each. Not all cabbies will want to take you this far off the strip and some will lie and claim they don't know where Spencer street is located, which is total BS. This place is okay so long as you get your expectations in check.
4	I have stayed here several times and always had a great time. I like this place just as much as the new Worldmark on LV Blvd.   The staff is nice and they never give you the run around. Everything works great and parking is no problem.I like the location of this resort better than the newer one. Just shoot straight down Flamingo Road and you're in the middle of the strip. Much better location. Also right down the street within walking distance is UNLV.
1	Paper thin walls so don't get first floor.  It's just a renovated apartment building and rooms seemed small.  10 year old 25" CRT Televisions.  Pool cold for kids.  PROS:  Nicest staff of any hotel I've stayed at.
4	Older but good WorldMark PropertySITREPWhen I hit the Viva Las Vegas (VLV) events in Las Vegas that fall in or around Easter Weekend of each year, do I stay at the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino or The Orleans where all the VLV events take place?NO.  I utilize my WorldMarky by Wyndham membership and I stay at either this property or the WorldMark on Las Vegas Blvd.SETUPJust off of Flamingo Road a couple miles down from the strip, this WorldMark property is nestled on Spencer Street and is perfect for those couples and families looking for a more quiet spot away from the Casinos, the hookers, and the agents of chaos on the strip throwing porn in your face.I would definitely this establishment a great family spot to recreate.  Which is why I am NOT too crazy with the location because I DO want to be near the Casinos, and the hookers, and the agents of chaotic porn.  But me - the single-guy - IS here with all the cute families because this is the spot that I get to use my WorldMark credits to redeem for what has turned out to be an EXCEPTIONAL 2-bedroom suite residence - with full on kitchen, dining area, huge master bath and closet space you can only imagine.MEMBERSHIP LOGISTICSUsually, I don't even have to pay the housekeeping credit because March/April is the first time in the credit-cycle that I reserve a spot.  But if actually further down the queue then the housekeeping credit only amounts to about $70 for an entire weeks stay.  Mind you, I'm still making monthly payments on Wydham membership contract, so it's not like the housekeeping fee is the only cost, and there is the quarterly maintenance dues too.I have to admit some confusion as to whether or not it is appropriate in this review to point out the weekly minimum reservation, even if I am only going to be here 3-4 nights.  But there you have it - I'll will reserve the week-minimum even if I am only going to be here half that time.  I feel like I am wasting my "credits-time", but I think I still am getting a better experience than being cooped up in a less quality strip-hotel.THE LOWDOWNIf you like having a TOP RATE facility available to you to stay in while you are in Las Vegas, this place fills that bill rather nicely.  It's a bit off the strip, but a manageable distance when options such as the facility shuttle, or the local LV Metro Bus is taken into consideration.
2	It was a mystery to me that on the Worldmark owner's site, that this Las Vegas property consistently was rated higher than the other two.  On one hand, I cannot understand why.  On the other, I can see why.I guess the determining factor would be your purpose in visiting Vegas as well as your length of stay.  That is not necessarily a good thing. A bit older in appearance and details to the unit are on the cheaper side.  For example, the kitchen sink is plastic.  Who puts in a plastic kitchen sink? The backsplash was detached from the counter so water could dribble down to the back. The 27 inch tube television in the living room sits in a bulit in cabinet with a slide out stand.  But the stand doesn't rotate enough so that you can view it from the sofa or the dining table.  The rooms though are much bigger than your standard Worldmark unit and the Master has a walk-in closet. Overall the property is much smaller, so it is a bit quieter.But when I am on vacation, I am not too thrilled about staying in a place that reminds me of the cheap apartments I used to rent when I was in college because I had no money.It is much closer to the strip right off of Flamingo Ave so it's a straight shot to the center of all the action and they have a shuttle going to Harrah's every hour. It is a couple of blocks away from UNLV. There are many businesses nearby so it is just a quick drive to get anything.  The best thing is that it is near Raising Cane which has the best chicken fingers you will find anywhere.
4	This time share location was a last minute decision for us and it came as a no cost addition to our last minute trip.  We got real lucky to know someone that knew someone that slept with someone that owed someone a favor...or something like that.  The place was clean, very nicely and well furnished.  It had all the modern electronics and docking stations needed to really enjoy a decent pre-flight before a night out in VEGAS!!  I cannot talk to the price as it was free to us but here are the highlights.No smoking inside, so the apartment smelled great.  Plenty of towels for 6 people.  balcony, two bathrooms, and a pool.  We didn't use the pool but there were quite a few folks in it.  There is plenty of covered and uncovered parking as well.  Quite possibly the best parts are the FREE bus rides to and from the strip as long as the shuttle runs and a great dinner well within stumbling distance that serves great food!  This is an older property and it doesn't look like much but it served us well.  The free rides totally negate the distance from the strip, its a short drive but then you have to worry about getting back so just take the shuttle!  its a 15 buck cab ride back so go out, have a blast and enjoy Vegas!!
5	My friend booked me a weekend here and it was great!  Much quieter then the other 2 properties!  Less kids, so we could actually enjoy the pool and relax.  The staff is great and was very helpful!  This would be my #1 choice of the resorts to visit!  Thank you for such a great weekend!
3	My parents have a time share that they have owned since my brothers and I were kids. They traded their location for the WorldMark.Pros:Comfortable to relax after busy days out walking the stripMultiple bathrooms, clean showers, clean sheetsFree shuttle to the strip at the top of every hourFree shuttle from the strip back to the hotel quarter past the hourComfortable walk to a near by grocery storeCons:Loud partying in early evening on Friday (right, i know, what am I 80? But come on this isnt the place to party. Go out somewhere!)Hot tub was down for service until last day here. I enjoyed it considering the temps back home were in the single digits during our stayOverall:The beds were moderately comfortable and the free shuttle to the strip worked out well. You probably would not stay at this location unless you have family or a large group. You would assume that this location would be better for a family trip due to its location and style of the units. Young kids partying was not something that I expected to have to deal with. If I was to visit Las Vegas again, I would definitely stay on the strip. It is highly unlikely I would ever stay at this location again.
5	This hotel/condo was great.  The rooms were very clean as well as the kitchen and bathrooms. One condo could fit a total of 6 people comfortably,  with the addition of one person sleeping on the couch making it 7 people.  They have a free shuttle which leaves the hotel every hour and drops you off at the Harrah's hotel.  The shuttle will pick you up from the harrah's every 15 minutes after the hour.  Staff is very friendly and nice.  The hotel is approximately 2.2 miles from the strip, so about 10-15 minutes in traffic and your there.   The hotel has a clean pool, with a chair for handicap people to be able to get in and out of the pool and hot tub with ease.  There's a working fireplace just in case you wanted to set the mood, it's more for decoration because it does not put out any heat lol. Also wifi is not free, you have to pay to play. There is a dollar general at the end of the street incase you need to stock up the full size fridge in the room. There are also other convenient stores along the way to the strip to pick up groceries.  I would recommend this hotel to anybody wanting a condo on vacation as opposed to a cramped hotel room.
3	Not one of the better Worldmarks IMO, mostly due to I didnt like where they put the toilet, If you are claustrophobic you probably want to let them know, I have a pic of the toilet that is in a closet- that was weird design! It was one of the smaller ones we've been to, but I also think it was one of their first properties, and older ones- Next time were in Vegas probably gonna try one of the other 2 properties they have. This is the 3rd time we have stayed here.That being said, its real close to the strip, they do have a shuttle to the strip as well, but be warned, last one departs at 11:15 so if you messed it, you will have to find another way to your room.They do seem to have a nice pool, and a table so you can play chess on. And of course there are other things to do here then play the slots or table games.
