4	Folks who work downtown, rejoice - there's a new option for a quick, delicious lunch that won't you leave you broke or gross-feeling.For those who care, Mid City Kitchen was started in November by chef Michael DeMaria, whose other restaurants - like Heirloom - are out of my price range.  I was excited to eat at a lunch counter restaurant with lunch counter prices where the food was cooked up in the imagination of someone who normally catered to a different crowd.Yes, this is a lunch counter.  There is a pizza station, a sandwich (hot or cold) station, and a fry station, plus soups and a salad bar.  The salad bar had a wide range of choices - not your usual sad mushrooms and old lettuce.I can only vouch for the pizza and the french fries - both expertly executed and delicious.  Everything else looked really tasty, though.Word of advice - don't go for the half pizza, unless you plan on getting a side.  The pizzas are definitely personal-sized, so half a pizza will leave you hungry.Also, the place is tucked away in an office complex, in the smallest building, attached to the parking garage.  Parking is all on-the-street metered or in the garage, so it's really more of a place that's handy if you work in the area than one that's worth driving across town for.
4	If you're looking for something filling, inexpensive, made-to-order and comforting for LUNCH, this is the place. You want Pizza? You Got It. You want Pasta? You Got It. You want Soup and/or Salad? You Got It! I'm glad I work nearby and have this as a lunch option! (Parking could be a bit difficult for those who don't work in the vacinity, but well worth the parallel parking efforts!A co-worker and I went and both got the specials of the days today: He, the Hatch Green Chile Meatloaf with Green Onion Mashed Potatoes, and I, the Rigatoni with Short Rib and Cremini Mushrooms! Both of us agreed BOTH dishes were DELISH! And... I got leftovers to boot! For $6.99, that's a steal!Next time I go, I won't do my usual free water as a drink... they've got interesting drink concoctions such as spa water... a mixture of pineapple and cantaloupe juice that have me wanting to try them!For the first-timer, the space will have you doing a 360--literally turning around and going "How does this place work?" and "There's so much to choose from!" But once you figure it out, you won't mind and will be quite happy to go through the Mid-City aisles again and again, I'm sure!Only complaint is that all orders whether in or out are in disposible to go boxes... wish the dine in orders could be less wasteful... but it is convenient for a leftover person like myself... oh how I wish I could have them plop the meal into my own tupperware for less waste, but probably not appropriate with health codes.
4	I'm thrilled to find this hidden gem for lunch in midtown Phoenix.  This place is along the light rail Thomas/Central station stop. There is a nice salad bar, pizza station, sandwich station, pasta station, soups, and some pre-made items. Everything is really fresh and made to order.  I enjoyed the personal sized thin crust pizza and chicken noodle soup. My hubby loves the rotisserie chicken which he says has good flavor and moist. Best part is half a chicken is only 3.50.  I can walk here from work, so I love having so many options in one place. So if you're in the area and in need of a quick tasty lunch, drop in and give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
4	We just recently discovered Mid City Kitchen, and I really wish we would have known about it sooner! They have great variety, so everyone in my lunch group can find something to eat. This is one of the places that everyone has agreed they would go back to - which is rare for the area!
1	Food order - almost always wrong.Availability of menu items - poor.  Price - always on the riseCustomer Service - AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAA  When I stand there for 20 minutes before the jerk at the grill says he can't make my chicken sandwich because he doesn't have any chicken and I ask to talk to someone about it and that mystery person can't be found...ahahahahahaa No discount, no discussion, not even an "I'm sorry!"  Or should we bring up the large amount of employees who don't understand English?  They never respond to posts on their facebook page, there are no contact email addresses...just...radio silence.Save your $, save your temper, save your gas, save your lunch time...Go to any of the other food joints in the area!
3	i would probably like this place more if I didn't have lunch here every three days. The staff is awesome. I love the way you walk in and every body knows your name. And they're always glad you came. Ha! Yes, just like Cheers. Only without beer. Beer would really make this place. Yeah.... Pizza and beer or burgers and beer for lunch. Yes! I'm in. My favourites are the chili, turkey burger, and chips and guacamole. They have a salad bar but I think its overpriced so I don't eat that. Oh they have a half rotisserie chicken thats pretty good. A different flavor every day and at a decent price.
3	very convenient place for me to go and eat lunch probably one of my favorite things there is the chili especially this time of the year. i've tried a little bit of everything and the only i didn't care for at all was the pizza.
2	The food is overpriced for what they have to offer, the customer service leave a lot to be desired. Laura seems to be the only one that cares about the customers. The manager is absolutely horrible, nothing but trouble from him. He's rude, yells, and when a coworker found a PUSH PIN in her chili he had the nerve to accuse her of putting it in herself.  If you have no choice but to eat around there, bring your lunch from home.
2	Salad bar is really good but terribly overpriced......food is fresh, place is very clean but please lower you salad bar price...the only protien that you have is shredded chicken so can't see why the salad bar is so expensive.
3	PERMANENTLY CLOSED, per their FB post: https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=906999155991710&id=160896087268691I ate here a lot over the last few years since my office moved to this general location. Never had too much of a problem with it, although sometimes they took forever to make burgers and they never handled busy periods too well. Anyway - woo hoo, this is my 100th review.
