5	We have used Pet Paradise for our 3 dogs on a number of occasions. They spent several nights in the "presidential suite" which I call the "doggy Hilton" all 3 get to stay in the same indoor room with a TV and we get to bring their own beds. They get ice cream once a day special play time and a bath before we pick them up...talk about pampered.They have a number of webcams so you can look in on your dogs while you are away which gives great peace of mind.All 3 of ours go to the groomer at Pet Paradise  every 7 weeks.  Elizabeth does a great job. They love going, and she is very good with the dogs. They always look spectacular when we pick them up and to top it all off they are less expensive than Pet Smart or Petco.The staff is friendly and there seems to be lots of them around all the time. You just have to spend a few minutes watching the dogs frolic and play in their special play yard with the bone shaped swimming pool to know that these people know what they are doing. Keep up the good work.Try to make reservations for boarding early since they are often pretty crowded, especially around holidays.
5	Anytime I go out of town I leave my dog at Pet Paradise.  It has a pool for him to swim in, the staff is fantastic, and Our dog always comes home happy.  We have used other places in Charlotte, but none have been on par with Pet Paradise!
1	We usually board our dogs with our family veterinary practice.  Last week, we decided to give Pet Paradise a try.  We toured the facility beforehand and asked a lot of questions to make sure the environment was well suited for our babies.  We had them with Pet Paradise for five nights before receiving that dreaded phone call that there had been an accident.  Somehow (big question mark) an unaltered male dog was able to bite one of my dogs ears off.  Yes.  You read that correctly.  My dog is now missing a chunk of his ear.  The odd part is that it wasn't during play time.  All of the dogs were seemingly safe in their own confined areas.  How did this happen?  We were told it was a freak accident.  That doesn't make us feel better.  They did the right thing by getting him emergency veterinary care and even footed the bill.  The manager had no problem charging us for the entire stay and didn't even offer us a discount even though we left the facility with one dog missing a chunk of his ear with several bite wounds on his head and other ear.Needless to say, even though accidents happen, this one shouldn't have.  We will continue to use our local family veterinary facility for boarding in the future.  Less frills, but we bring them home the way we dropped them off.
4	We got a Groupon and decided to send Pockets here because of all of the good Yelp reviews.  The staff was very welcoming and nice, and the environment appeared very clean, with ample space for the dogs.Being that I did not spend the night, the best I can say is that I felt comfortable sending my dog here and I will do it again the next time I am out of town.
5	I've been taking my dog here for almost three years and my he loves it.  It's obvious that the staff loves the dogs and I trust them implicitly.  I always get back a happy and tired puppy.
5	I can honestly state that this pet boarding facility is the only one I would ever leave my little guy at. If  not available, I would stay put. The staff is extremely attentive and caring and while I used to feel that no one could ever take care of my Westie as I do, I stand corrected. This past weekend was another example of their professionalism. I had to leave town with only a half hour notice, calling PP on my way to the airport. They had medical records pulled up, reviewed etc. within seconds, asked all pertinent information and even met me outside at my car to save me time. When calling the following day I was given a very thorough description of my little guys activities and appetite. I can honestly relax completely knowing he is cared for so well and would never recommend a business, especially where pets are concerned unless I felt 100% positive on all counts.
4	I left my dog here when I went on a trip and he seemed to love it. I was held up by air travel. I called Stephanie to inform her I would be picking him up the next day and the problem was solved. I think the price is reasonable, amenities excellent and the staff friendly as can be. I wish my dog would have been completely dry when I got him in the car, but seeing him playing with the others gave me piece of mind knowing he was in good hands.
5	My pups went to daycare here while my family enjoyed the local attractions. They were so tired when we picked them up that they snored when they went to sleep back at our hotel. I felt relieved that not only had my children enjoyed their day so did our dogs! The staff was very nice and the place was very tidy. I will bring my pups back again.
4	My bill was $180 for 3 nights and 3 extra playtimes for one dog. I wish it wasn't so darn expensive, but no other facility in Charlotte offers the amenities and quality of care that pet paradise does. You get what you pay for!
5	This place deserves five stars.   My dog gets excited when he senses that we are driving to Pet Paradise.   The staff are incredibly friendly and attentive and the facilities are immaculate.  If I was a dog, I would want to stay here.    Prices are a bit  on the high side when you start adding everything up like late check out, baths, and extra play time, but, the peace of mind and a happy pooch are well worth it!  This place is serious quality.  Don't forget to pick up a Smart Park frequent parking card if you are heading to the airport!
5	Pet Paradise is hands down the best dog boarding facility in Charlotte. I leave my pups there with full confidence that they are being cared for and attended to properly. The staff is wonderful and the facilities are kept clean. The outdoors area has doggy bags for your pups and is kept clean. Juno & Porter get so excited when we turn onto Boyer Road because they cannot wait to play! I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a new boarding facility. It is very close to the airport for out of town visitors. Pet Paradise deserves 5 stars!
