4	The food was GREAT!  A large menu with a lot of options, lots of noodle/soup combinations, Vermicelli/meat and Rice/meat dishes.  Very reasonably priced too- with appetizers our meal came to $20 (we didn't get drinks though)! appetizers start at $2.99, entree's range from $6.95 up to $12.95.I had the Beef with Lemon-grass Chili sauce over jasmine rice and LOVED it, it was very flavorful.  This restaurant offers "choose your own spice level 1-5".  I ordered a 3 and there certainly was a kick to it, I like spice though and probably could have done a 4.The atmosphere was nice and clean, good earthy colors of green and brown helped add to the clean and simple feel.  The bathrooms were the nicest and cleanest I have seen in a restaurant in YEARS.  The only downside to the experience was the service.  The wait staff were polite and kind just dreadfully slow!  After finishing our meal we waited about 10min for someone to come check on us and offer us our check- no one came.  I had to flag down the hostess who brought us our check.  Placing our order was a lengthy process as well.  After we placed our appetizer order it seemed forever before they came back for our dinner order.
5	This was my first vietnamese experience, and WOW!I am extremely allergic to peanuts, and was worried about my allergy impeding on my culinary excursion.However, the staff at Pho Sapa was more than accomodating, and once I showed that I knew nothing of Vietnamese cuisine, they walked me through the menu and gave me many suggestions.For my boyfriend and I we ordered-  Pho Special- Lemongrass Chili Chicken- Spring RollsIt was all sooooooooo good.  We requested spicy level 4 (out of 5), and I actually probably could have handled the 5.We also had the Vietnamese iced coffee, and it was so good it puts Starbucks to shame.We ordered all the food to go, and the staff even helped carry the food out to our car with us!Excellent experience, food, and service, we will be returning A LOT :)
1	Ok, i am going to apologize in advance to all those nice folks who like this place - you got jeeped!!! This was one of the MOST unappetizing lunch i had in the looong time. Cold rice, bland chicken, non-friendly service, somewhat expensive. "Not spicy 'nogh fo' yo? I bring hot sauce!" HUH? WTF. I do not want hot sauce, i want properly prepared dish. I never came back and neither i intend to ."I no like"Eugene
4	I've eaten here six times in the past year and can say that the quality of food and service has been consistent each time. Standard fare as far as Pho is concerned. I have not eaten here for lunch but dinner portions have been enough to take home for a second meal.The spicy beef vermicelli is very good if you aren't in the mood for Pho. You can choose from 1-5 for the level of spice in the dish. If you like it hot then 4 is very good but I don't think a 5 would cause much trouble if you're feeling risky. Also, the garden spring rolls are worth getting if only for the peanut dipping sauce that accompanies them. Altogether a good place with a nice atmosphere and attentive service.------Update Feb '13:Five years later and I'm still a regular. The Combination Bun Tom has quickly become a summer favorite and the pho supplies me with a warm soup fix on "cold" (Phoenix cold) days. I'll even stop by and purchase a big container of pho broth to sip on if I'm feeling under the weather. I'm happy have this place in the area since good asian food is generally reserved for Mesa and I'm not alway in the mood for that trek!
4	It's now called Pho Dalat instead of Pho Sapa...I had the Lemon Grass Chicken and it is by far the best I have ever tasted.  The spice level is somwhat weird, it's 1 through 5 and a 9...I get the 9 and it is still full of flavor and doesn't taste like all chilli sauce.The decor is relaxing, unlike typical mom and pop places where I feel a bit uneasy, the selection is great you can tell them to cook it anyway you like, with beef or veggie etc., the price is resonable. The service is a bit slow, but I think that is the industy standard as far as asian cuisine goes.
5	I have to agree with Devin J. I too have only had the Pho here. But each time I do it is awesome. The ingredients all seem fresh, and it is not too filling.The atmosphere is laid back and the service is great. Definitely worth a try if you are in the neighborhood.
5	This restaurant remains a true 5 starer! After my initial review I have returned at least 15 times. And I plan on returning many, many more. The food quality remains fresh and consistent. The service is always prompt and friendly. The value is unquestionable. Definitely try this place!
5	I have to give this 5 stars. This is a great little place - the service is always excellent, (friendly, quick and helpful). The owner is often to be seen walking around and chatting to his clients and can explain a lot about the dishes.The ambiance is very nice with a good "fung shui" about it. The fish in the waterfall and pool at the entrance are gettingquite big now.Tonite we had a starter veggie garden rolls,  1 x veggie noodle soup, 1 x spicey shrimp dish with rice and 2 x tiger beers for approx  $29. The owner threw in a free Tiger beer since we told him we hadn't seen the coupons in the Az Republic.... I took the shrimp dish with a level 5 spice - so it had me sweating a bit. My wife on the other hand likes her dishes very mild - and they are always able to suit her taste.My wife has a sensitive tum to msg and such things and so has difficuly eating at some chinese or asian  restaurants without getting stomach-aches. However she never has a problem here and she loves the veggie noodle soup. The bowl is rather large so she never gets thru it all.The veggies they use are all very fresh and the flavors are great. We have been to this place at least once a month for the last 6 - 9 months and the service and food quality have remained excellent.highly recommended
4	We like the Pho Special...I don't really know how authentic the place is but we like to dine-in and carry out from here about once a month.
3	I used to love Pho Dalat when they served fuller bowls of cold rice noodles, with oodles of grilled meat and peanut seasoning, complimented with crunchy salad greens and tangy fish sauce. Gone are those days when the waiting staff were shy but politely chatty and regular visitors were acknowledged. Now the prawn or meat in a bowl of Bun has dwindled, smart but precise waiters have been appointed and the prices have been hiked along with the number of discount -announcing advertisements in local newspapers. I sincerely wish that this restaurant finds its footing once again because it has always had quite a few things going for it, like good quality food, quick service and some great ambiance.
2	I am not going to say much about this place because the only thing I really liked about it were the light fixtures.I tried the Crystal Chicken. Bland.I tried the Crispy Sring rolls. Overcooked.The only thing that was yummy was the #51.. and I have no idea what it was called but my friend got it and I tried it and it was pretty alright.They have a koi pond inside right when you walk in, but I was disturbed at the size of the fish in that little pool.. Definitely not enough room, and I'm thinking this might be a violation, and i'm looking into it. I may eat fish, but I don't believe the living ones should be confined like that.. I certainly don't like elevators, do you?
5	Mi La Kai soup on the side with tripe instead of fried fish meat balls are my favorite. Service is always excellent.I must have it at least once a week.
3	As far as Pho goes, this place will do the job. The broth was good but there wasn't alot of meat in my meatball and rare steak pho. About 3 meatballs and 3 small pieces of steak. We also ordered a couple of the pork spring rolls, which were huge to what I was used to. They tasted good but were a bit greasy. I've been a couple times now and would go back again.
5	GREAT SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!! Every waiter or waitress I have had have been super helpful.They always make sure that everyone likes their dish and if they don't, they offer to bring you a different dish... but I have never tried something I didn't like. I love their beef rolls and soups, their happy hour specials are a super great deal, and they have boba and thai tea. I haven't been to Vietnam and have no Vietnamese friends so I don't know how authentic the food is... but what I do know is that it always taste good. Also, their portions are the right size, big enough to get full but not to big that I feel like I'm going to explode if I finish my dish.Finally, the interior decoration is very clean and contemporary. Also, they have a water feature by the entrance that creates a peaceful environment as you come in. I love this restaurant... is great!!!!!!!!
4	Pho Da Lat was a great impromptu lunch decision on a Saturday afternoon when I had an hour or so to kill with a friend. 2pm on a Saturday almost no one was in there, which I like. We were immediately led to a table and given menus. The staff gave us enough time to look over our menus and think of any questions we wanted to ask in our heads first. When we finally ordered, we decided to try the quail appetizer and then each had questions on dishes. In response to my guest's questions, samples were brought out to try, which I thought was excellent.I asked their opinion in regard to the best of the spicy flavorful dishes and it was suggested I try the lemongrass chili chicken which I did. Unfortunately, our food came out and our appetizer was forgotten about. However, the food was plenty and I ended up not even being able to finish it all anyway. The spice was right on par and we both seemed to enjoy our lunch there. I will be back again, as I found several dishes I wanted to try, which is the key to high rating and return visit with me, and hopefully next time I will try the 40+ advertised wines. All at once you ask? Hmmm... let's see where the night goes...
4	How weird is that. I think Tonia B. may of been sitting at the table over from us during lunch!The rolls have improved since my last visit. They were no longer greasy, hopefully last time was a fluke. The pho was awesome. I have never had a bowl of pho with so much meat in it. This time I got the #9 which was $1 more than the rest...maybe that's why.Anyways, it was a very good lunch!
4	The service was incredible! The waitress was attentive to my needs. I ordered the crispy egg rolls and they were packed with meat. I also had the #15, Pho dish with beef and meatballs. It was well seasoned and delicious. I would highly recommend the food and this place. The ambiance is wonderful too. There is Asian decor all around and even three flat screen TVs. The music was American which I disliked. There should have been Vietnamese music.
4	Good pho! Pretty good service. I guess good atmosphere if your in to that type of thing.
2	This place is totally hit or miss!  I've worked in the area for many years and love when new places pop up in the area... I've been going to Pho Da Lat for about the past year and have to say that in the beginning it was great... superior service, quick and tasty food and priced right!  However, my last three experiences... not so good!  After the first two I should have known better!  Generally my coworker and I get the same thing... Veg garden roll and peppered tofu to share... The last time we ate in this is what we ordered.... suffice it to say the server was not very gracious that we were sharing the dish and asked if we wanted the dinner portion instead (never been asked this before and we've ordered the same thing probably a dozen times in the past year!)  We agreed thinking that maybe that's what we had previously been given.  It was not.  Hmmm... same size as we had always gotten but more expensive when the check came!  Oh wait,  not to mention when she brought the dish out it was not what we had ordered and literally had to get up from the table and walk back to the kitchen (after a 10 min wait) to have the dish corrected (brought shrimp when we ordered tofu.)  Needless to say... not a great experience!!!So last week I had a serious craving for the veg garden rolls! Just those... nothing else! So decided to call in an order and go pick it up... Called the number that I got from google...  Oops not the right number, actually seemed like someone's cell phone but he must work there since he was nice enough to provide me the right number.  Anyway, called the right number, placed my order and was told that it should be ready in 5 min... Great! Left work and went right over there... Got there in probably closer to 10 min... order not ready... not a problem... glad to be out of the office... I can wait... Order ready, and I hand the host my card... he gives me a funny look and asks if I have cash.  Nope, not on this day.  Hmmm... could have told me on the phone that I needed cash... Dontcha think???? Apparently not... Never had a problem using my card here before  but I guess we always met the min.  So figured... OK I'll order the peppered tofu and throw it in the fridge at work and have it for dinner.... Still not enough!  Actually had to add a to go tea on to the bill so he would run the freaking card!  I won't be going back anytime soon considering that the peppered tofu was completely over spiced and undercooked and in generally just a really bad experience... Even if it means not having Vietnamese for lunch occaisionally... I'll survive!Skip this place... You never know what your going to get!
3	A clean Vietnamese restaurant.  Very nice!The pho is ok (the tendon was not very tender).  The spring rolls were good.  The pork chop was excellent, although I would appreciate more pork grease being drizzled on my rice (not sarcasm - the rice really needs more pork chop fat).
3	I can Pho-give this place for decent service.  Granted, my group of 8 was the only one around that quiet night.  My Pho was pretty good, I think I finished before everyone around the table, but I have a big mouth.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food or maybe it was just good company :)  I love the decor; felt like I walked into one of my old school relatives homes - tacky Asian art with a modern twist.  They have a small wine selection, wow!  Never really gone into a Pho place with a plethora of wine!  Maybe next time I feel like eating Pho and talking about my failed relationships I'll be back ;-P enjoy!
2	Pro:Lovely ambiance, and Service staff. Felt like and upper end restaurant, something which typical Vietnamese restaurants do not offerCons:Well the food was insipid and bland. The pho tasted like salted water with a touch of broth. The condiments like sweet basil etc were dry and flaccid. I would hope that Nam pla was a default accoutrement for most authentic Vietnamese restaurants. I counted 3 meatballs and a few slivers of the rare beef pieces. The quantity was smaller than most other ones I have tasted in the area. Ah well I don't feel too bad as I can trundle on down to Saigon Pho for the better deal and food
5	While in Tempe with the family and the mother in law, we stopped in for some Pho for lunchWe all had the Pho, My mother-in law who is Vietnamese, said the pho reminded her of Pho back home. Nuff said pho for lunch was great.  Service was great, though it was lunch time and we were 4 of the 8 in their at that time.  Really enjoyed the fried spring roll and the pineapple ice tea too.
4	One of the better Vietnamese places I've been to in AZ.  The place is oddly named, though -- they're really not a pho shop, at least not in the sense of what I usually see at similarly named restaurants here in OC.  Their pho really isn't even all that good, but the rest of their dishes are usually quite tasty.  The look and feel of the restaurant is also decidedly more upscale than your average pho restaurant.  They've got a good variety of dishes, and everything that we've tried  (other than the pho) has been very good.  In an area where there's relatively few good Vietnamese restaurants, it's definitely worth a try.
3	Now before I go on with my review, I am originally from Northern California which is a Vietnam mecca (San Jose, CA), therefore there are pho joints on every corner. I've been to the good, the bad, and the ugly places, Pho Da Lat was somewhere in the middle. Not too bad, but OK.I was craving some good Pho and my brother who has been living here for 9 years recommended this Pho place in town, Pho Da Lat. He praises this spot and I somewhat trust his intuition, sort of. So I gave it a try!First off, they sell bubble drinks here (aka boba, tapioca drinks) and they were very good. You have a list of flavors to choose from and I tried their mango boba drink and it was delicious, now onto the actual Pho....The broth, which is the main pull to my love for Pho was actually a little bland and not flavorful. Honestly, this is the foundation to a great Pho, you have a good broth, all else will be excellent! The broth was okay, nothing special. Also I didn't get receive much beef, it was actually quite sparse. My mother ordered a seafood Pho and she only had like 3 or four shrimps in hers, NOTHING. I will give them props for the spring rolls which were pretty good, I strongly recommend those if you try this place. The service was VERY good, the server was very friendly, helpful and patient! The restaurant itself was very clean and professional looking. I will go back, if my brother invites me again, lol.
5	I have had Vietnamese may times, and this place is easily one of the best. Pho is a bit overrated for my taste (plus soup is not something I go out for), so I wanted to try something with noodles.I'm gluten-free so I can't eat anything wheat-based, but I can have rice, potatoes, and corn. Their rice vermicelli noodles are so good. I got the #32 which is a combo of a spring roll, marinated pork, and shrimp on a bed of room-temperature noodles (sounds weird, tastes amazing) on another bed of shredded cucumber, lettuce, mint, and basil. It comes with aside of what I believe is a fish sauce, but does not taste like fish. It's more of a sweet and savory sauce. I really liked this place, and cannot wait to go back.
3	I love the decor.  Easily in the top 2 for decor of the pho places I've visited.  Massive serving of pho.  However, I've had better pho in other places.  The broth was very light and not too salty but it was missing something (I think someone else said this) and I will agree with the other poster about their rice dishes; that looked pretty good.  A friend had the veggie pho and that looked pretty delish, actually; and healthy.Yes.  Bring cash.
5	I've had Vietnamese at a handful of places in the valley and most places felt a little sketchy, the meat a little rubbery. However, this strip mall place is a step up from the average local Pho joint. The Crazy Noodle and Pho are both winners. The Vietnamese iced coffee is fantastic. Service is always great, prices are very reasonable.
4	I tried this for the first time last week.  I was VERY happy.Having lived in Asia for a few years, it was great to find a Vietnamese place with good flavor.  Portions were good, broth was piping hot and tasty, and the peppers and condiments made for excellent authenticity. Downright delicious to say the least...I had the sliced beef pho BTW.   I will be returning and I can recommend it with two thumbs up.
2	Nice decor, so-so food.  Probably the most bland pho I've had in the Valley.  Nothing particularly negative about it - except of course bland pho is fairly negative.  The menu selection is also fairly limited compared to every other Vietnamese place I visit (Da Vang comes to mind, but who can compare with them?).  I'm going to go try a  few other selections and am keeping my fingers crossed they warrant an upgrade to 3 stars.  But can't do it based on the pho alone.
4	Good pho and atmosphere but service was too slow. I waited for almost 45minutes for my pho...
3	Pho is one my favorite lunchtime eats.  I used to work on the west side of Phoenix where there are more choices of Vietnamese restaurants.  Pho DaLat was my first venture on the east side.  It's a great location off of Kyrene and Elliot Road and is upscale compared to your typical mom and pop shops over on the west side.  Good staff and fast service.  My problem was that food was not that great.  Not bad either, but not as flavorful as I've had elsewhere.  The Pho broth was a little weak even though there was plenty of meat in the bowl.  The veggies were limited to a small handful of sprouts and some fresh basil.  I would have love to have some mint and cilantro as well other leafy greens to throw into the steaming broth.  Just a bit skimpy for my tastes.  The spring roll were decent, but again missing something..  The menu itself seemed to skimp on other Vietnamese fairs.Anyhow, not the worst, but not the best.  I'll continue to search out for a better bowl of Pho on the East Side..  My adventure continues...
4	Been here a few times for lunch - always had the bunI enjoyed my bun and will return againNice ambience and good service - parking not so good at lunch - once I parlked in the rear of thebuilding
4	This is the first time I had Pho in my life, so my review may not be perfect, but I wanted to write anyway about the experience. On a rainy Saturday evening, we were craving something hot and wholesome. After driving down to Paradise Cafe and discovering they were closed (who closes at 8 on a Saturday night??!) and then to Whole Foods and finding their food counter full of the day's last leftovers, we headed to Pho Da Lat. Not a bad  choice at all! The waiter was really attentive and our orders came really fast. It could be because the restaurant was almost empty. It was good we didn't order appetizers because then I'm sure we would have needed doggy bags. I got the well-done beef shank pho and my friend got the Pho Da Lat special. Our orders came in huge bowls, filled with steaming hot liquid, meat, and veggies, with a side of a few bean sprouts, a lemon wedge and some basil leaves, and of course Hoisin sauce and hot sauce. I'm glad I went easy on the sauce because the pho was so hot (not spicy hot...temperature hot) it made my eyes water. Well, as I said it was my first time having pho, so I don't really have anything to compare it with. But boy, was it delicious! It filled me up,, and it was healthy...so yayyyy pho!
5	Best Vietnamese food in it's price class for the Phoenix Valley.
4	We actually were surprised there was a Pho in Tempe, AZ. Of course we had to try it out. This was one of the fanciest vietnamese restaurant we've eaten in. It was very clean and I loved the seating arrangements with the booths and the ceiling was decorated with fancy lighting which dimmed the restaurant. It felt like a romantic lit dinner for my husband and I. One thing I also loved was THEY HAD HAPPY HOUR FOR APPETIZERS! (It was only for certain hours in the afternoon) who does that? THIS place of course =0)We had two orders of fresh spring rolls that only came in 2 long rolls cut in half. I think they could of added another one, they actually don't give much. We also had an order of fried egg roll, it was delicious. The wrapper was a little different than most egg rolls. It had a bubbly crispy texture but good. Prices for the appetizers were kind of expensive, so its best to go when its happy hour.. but over all well worth it.When you order the pho noodle soup, its always about the broth that makes a noodle soup taste good and this was really good! Had a beefy & sweet flavor to it. I had to add a little salt, but other than that, it was good! The mediums size pho bowl was pretty big, so it was just right for me. The waitress and staff was great. They were very prompt and friendly to us. They checked up on us every so often to make sure we were doing okay and thats what I call customer service. If only all the pho spots had manners and decorations like them, but thats what makes them stand out! Sooo Pho Dat!!!
1	Mussels didn't live up to description. Food was plain even though I ordered my dishes spicy. Totally Americanized, which means it's more bland. Waitress was pleasant & the atmosphere was nice. But for flavor it totally failed.
1	Alright! This is my very first review and it's negative for the simple fact that I just had the worst experience at a Pho restaurant. I called in a to-go order at this place, that included Pho and spring rolls, and the host on the line stated my food would be ready in 10-15 min, thinking that is pretty long in my head but I did order crispy spring rolls with lettuce and mint leaves, so i say "sounds good." I get there 15 min after I placed my order and tell the host I was there to pick up and he gave me a deer in headlights look and said "we are running behind do you still want your order?" Not thinking he might have not placed my order when I called in (which is exactly what happened) I said "yes." It's raining out and I love Pho when it's raining! I actually waited another 20 min before my food came out while 2 other patrons came in and received their pick up orders. I said something to the host about it taking soo long 10 min in to the wait and again the deer in headlights glare came back and he said "sorry we're just so busy."I would be OK with this if he would have told me on the phone that it would take 35 min to make Pho even though it's just broth and noodles!! I will never go back to this place, I will stick to my Saigon Pho on Alma School in between Warner and Ray in Chandler to fulfill my Pho needs!PHO YOU PHOCKERS AT PHO DA LAT!!!!
4	Decided on trying this restaurant, which had been on my list for some time. The decor and setting was nice and the service very good.  Food was tasteful and filling - great value.  I had the traditional LS Duo Vermicelli entree with pork (# 33) and added beef. The combination was great. Of course I love spring rolls for starters and they were gone before the beer main course arrived.  Coupled with a Vietnamese Beer 33, the entire meal overall was Good  I will go back again, but will be ordering the roasted hen and some pho.
4	One simple word for you.... BUN... This is my go to dish on a  hot summers day, my mouth is watering right now just thinking about the cool, crisp, deliciousness. Living in Tempe there are probably 5 Vietnamese restaurants within a 4 mile radius of my house, most of them are mediocre at best. So I decided to drive out of my normal Tempe hood and check this place out. I am the takeout queen... having an active 2 year old makes it hard for me to actually sit down in a restaurant and enjoy my meal, so I opt for takeout 99% of the time. I ordered the Bun with chicken, and a side of spring rolls. The customer service was awesome, the ladies were super nice. While waiting my son enjoyed watching the little koi pond they have. Back to the food.. It was very good! The bun was perfect temperature, the fish sauce was the perfect balance of salty and sweet, and when I asked for extra sauce they gave me a ton without flinching.  The spring roll were amazing, probably some of the best I have had in the valley. This is my new favorite close Vietnamese place, maybe soon I will try the pho since it seems to get pretty good reviews!
5	I work nearby here, decided to stroll in for a solo lunch. I've had my share of pho, but I have a phobia of orderng things that are difficult to eat. I apologize that was corny. Get used to it.Anyway, the atmosphere and food are why I keep coming back. Nice and relaxing, sounds of running water abound, and attentive service. Only tried a few things here, but the pork vermicelli duo is outstanding. Fresh, feel good food that leaves you feeling rejuvenated, not bloated. Great for when you need to actually get some work done in the afternoon. Also try the iced tea with whipped cream, SUPER delish. Addictive! I will need to try their happy hour which seems solid also.
4	This restaurant is located close to my husband's office so we've met there for lunch a few times and actually wish that it was closer to where we live as we would certainly frequent this place.  We had the veggie spring rolls, which are very fresh and delicious.  Our favorite is also the vegetarian Pho which has broccoli, mushrooms, baby corn, and other veggies in addition to a generous portion of rice noodles and is served with the usual plate of bean sprouts, thai basil, cilantro, jalapenos, and lime.  We typically add tofu as well and all of the ingredients are very fresh and high quality.  Another nice aspect is that they offer both the traditional beef broth and a vegetable broth.  We've found the beef broth to be a bit more flavorful, but for those adhering to a vegan diet, the vegetable broth would still provide a flavorful option.Another plus is that this restaurant also serves alcohol and offers a daily happy hour, so it would also make a nice dinner spot as the atmosphere is more tasteful than many Vietnamese restaurants.  If you're a fan of Pho, this is a place you'll want to check out.
4	Went here for lunch and got the Pho which is always good.  This is convenient to get in and out of quickly and they give good service.  The food quality always seems consistent.
4	There's absolutely nothing bad to say about this place. My boyfriend works nearby, and he's nice and Asian, so it's always a great place for us to meet up and grab a bite.The Pork Vermicelli is awesome, but I stick with the traditional Pho. And, if you're in the mood for coffee, try the Vietnamese Coffee, it's got such a great twist with condensed milk.
2	We walked in the door and was greeted by no one.  After about a 4-5 minute wait, someone from the kitchen finally appeared and sat us in a booth.  My wife ordered the seafood pho and I got the meatball pho both complimented by a couple glasses of water.  Now, I can't really say whether or not the pho was good or bad as this was our first time eating it.  It was pretty flavorful but the "meatballs" were far from what I'm used to.  Also, my wife was upset they used imitation crab as opposed to real crab, but still enjoyed it.Service at this place is lacking.  Water glasses went empty and the servers kept walking by us and not refilling.  I had to track someone down who wasnt our server to ask for a refill.We won't be back.
1	So I stopped in here because Vietnamese food is generally one of my absolute favorites, however this place failed on every avenue.  I walked in and was barely greeted after wandering around for a minute... I put in a simple order of Chicken fried rice to go then she walked away leaving me in the middle of the restaurant so I went and had a seat at the front door.  This place isn't to well organized for walking in and ordering food to go.  So I waited about ten minutes and then went out to my car for maybe 5 minutes and when I came back in I saw a to-go box sitting near the hostess counter which I assumed was my order... after waiting another 10 minutes or so the waitress (who wasn't busy) came over and asked me to pay, which I did... then she handed me my cold food.  Waiting approximately 30 minutes for an $11 order of chicken fried rice was kinda shitty considering there were only a total of 4 customers in the entire restaurant.  When I got home to eat my food I wasn't very impressed with the portion size for the money and the food was so bland to top it off!  There wasn't much of anything I could do to doctor it up so I reheated my cold flavorless meal and ate as is.  NOT IMPRESSEDFYI, the best place for Vietnamese food in my opinion is Noodles Ranch located @ the SE Corner of Thomas & Scottsdale road in Scottsdale.  Their food is to die for!  Less expensive, more authentic and full of flavor with the friendliest wait staff you could ask for.  It's 100% worth the drive no matter where you live.  So, if you like Pho Da Lat... do yourself a favor and go try Noodles Ranch.
2	The meat in the chicken and beef pho was overcooked and dry. Service was slow, had to flag down our waitress, who was busy on her cell phone, to get her to help us.
5	Totally impressed by this place. Food was incredible... As good as Cyclo without the wait. We had the shrimp bun and the rare steak pho, both were great! Server was excellent and we never had to wait for anything. Would definitely recommend this restaurant!!
5	Very flavorful Pho! Spring rolls were Awesome! Interior is super nice! Reasonable prices!
5	Pho Da Lat is an amazing place!!  I LOVE the Seafood Pho with beef broth (add a lil Hoisin and Sriracha for extra spice)...SO YUMMY!The service is always fantastic as well.  I go there often for lunch...I suggest YOU do the same - if you can!
5	My partner and I were looking for a place to get Pho that would be open until 10pm on a Friday, and found this gem!  Wonderful atmosphere - koi fish, mini waterfall, wonderfully decorated. Perfect for a date night on a budget. My partner had some kind of Pho with meat (beef, I think), and I had the veggie Pho. Our waitress was thoughtful enough to ask if I wanted beef or vegetable broth. We both received huge bowls of Pho with plenty of the condiments - mint leaf, jalapeno, lime, and bean sprouts. Our food came quickly and was piping hot. The vegetables were perfectly done - still fresh and with a crunch, but cooked through. My partner loved hers, as well (and she's one of the pickiest eaters I know when it comes to eating out!)We walked out of there after getting two bowls of Pho, a diet Coke, and a Thai Tea and only spent $20+tip. Our waitress didn't bother us every two seconds, but was very attentive when we asked her for something - drink refill, to go box - which is how I wish all waitstaff were! We walked out of there 2 minutes until closing time, but never felt rushed. We'll definitely be stopping by again!
3	I work in the area and come here maybe once a month when I have a pho craving and need a place near work.  The decor is relaxing, and the music is pleasant.  I find service to be fast which is really important during lunch.On one side, the prices are a little on the high side, and the pho is somewhat bland.  On the other side, a lot of my American coworkers won't go to a mom and pop pho house.  Pho Dalat is somewhere they would be okay with.If you're on that side of town.. have a pho craving.. then Pho Dalat will definitely cure that.. but don't get expected to be wow'ed by the complex flavors of the broth
3	Pho was good and the service as well.   Was not overly impressed, but will try again.
3	Second Time I Been In the Last 2 Weeks Good Food, Will Like To Try A Few More Things On The Menu.. Will Go Back
3	This is not the best pho in town but I love the ambiance here and they also have a pretty decent wine list.
4	I am a pho phanatic, and this place hits the spot!  It's so cheap and such a great portion that I usually share with the kids.  The broth is so tasty, not overpowered by cinnamon or anise or salt.  I do miss the side of cilantro that other pho places include....But this is quick and satisfying and cheap.My journey to find the yummiest pho is not complete, but this place is great and tops my list, especially considering it's so close to home.Another favorite are the beef roll appetizers.  It's thin meat, marinated in like hunan sauce, filled with caramelized onions and rolled info a little finger food and served with some dipping sauce.All the other dishes I've tried have been good, although when you say spicy it doesn't really come out "spicy".They do charge a convenience fee for totals of $10 or less if you're paying with credit card, the staff is always friendy and the place is clean with a very low key atmosphere.  The kids love the fish pond at the entrance.
4	Ok, I'll admit I wasn't super impressed the first time I got take out from this place. But after dining here a few times I have definitely become a fan. The decor is much cooler than what you would expect from the outside. They have done their best to make it look classy but still comfortable and low-key. I like the koi pond, that is pretty cool.  And the pho is much better when it is served fresh. I like the fact that they have so many different options. I had the seafood one tonight and it was very tasty and extremely filling.  As others have mentioned, their fresh spring rolls and those beef rollup thingys are winners too.Add to all that the selection of affordable wines by the glass and tasty boba smoothies and that's it, I'm hooked. I love the fact that the menus have detailed explanations of the items so that if you aren't that familiar with Vietnamese cuisine you wont sound dumb asking a bunch of questions. The servers are all friendly, though, and seem to take pride in the place. So, I'm sure they'll answer any questions you want. :-)
5	This is great Pho. The beef round is $5.99. Very fast service and the waitress will put your leftovers in the container for you so you don't mess you up tie. I really love this place.
5	I went vegan about 10 months ago and was a little depressed about not being able to eat pho anymore, but then I discovered Pho Da Lat and their veggies pho made with veggie broth.  It is so amazing, and one of the best deals around.  $5.99 lunch special for a huge bowl of soup with tons of veggies!  And the broth is really, really tasty.  I am now addicted to this place and I go three times a week.  My family loves it too and my 11-year-old daughter loves the pho tai.  The servers are all super cool, especially Annie.  I have eaten here about 25 times and I have never had a bad experience or anything short of excellent service and great food.  I like when you order the veggies pho and they always ask whether or not you want the veggie broth - that is always a good feeling when you don't eat meat or dairy.  They have other vegan dishes as well but I have yet to try them because the veggies pho is so darn good (#16 on the lunch menu).  Definitely a good place for non-vegans too.  I wish they had vegetarian crispy egg rolls, but that is the only negative thing I can think of.  Every time I go in here it is busier and busier because the word is getting around.  My wife likes the wine selection - $6 for a glass.  The interior is really nice and pleasant - good place for a date.Seriously, eat here.  You won't be sorry.  Man, I want to go there right now but it's only 7:30am.  Shoot.
5	Heard about this place from a friend and yelped it of course.  Loved it.  Tried the Spicy Beef  Vermicelli, Summer Rolls and my hubby had the Special Pho.  Everything was great, including the service!  The beef broth on the Pho was especially tasty.  We'll be back.
3	This place is OK. One of the waitress isn't nice at all. The price is good!
4	I never tire of a deliciously hot bowl of Pho from this place. This service is efficient and the food tastes so very fresh. The veggie pho is my favorite along with the soft appetizer spring rolls. My son usually gets the beef pho or one of the fried rice dishes and we have never been disappointed. Good lunch crowd every single day of the week. Yummy.
5	As a vegan I discovered this gem! Great Pho with veggi broth and their pepper tofu is to die for! If you go there don't forget to order their freshly Limeade...very refreshing!
4	The broth is still just ok, but the tendon is awesome!  Huge, tender, and meaty.
4	I am impressed with the food and service here.  I was initially looking to enjoy some delicious Korean food, but the place that I wanted to visit were closed on a Sunday.  I then opted for Vietnamese food.  I am rather new to Arizona, but have visited Saigan Pho in Tempe area twice thus far with my room mate, but wanted to try a different place.  I walked in and was seated right away.  I am not going to lie, when I first arrived the parking lot was almost fully empty, with just one SUV parked in front, which made me a little skeptical.  I walked in to find just one couple eating their food.  The aroma coming from the kitchen welcomed me and as soon as I opened the menu, I knew that they were serious about their Vietnamese food.I ordered the fresh shrimp and chicken spring rolls, which come with a delicious peanut sauce. My main order was of the seafood Pho which consisted of big delectable shrimp, squid, fried fish cakes, and crab meat (imitation, but still yummy) in a rich and flavorful pork broth.  I wanted to try something different, so I chose the yummy pork broth, as opposed to the normal beef broth.  I also had them combine two different types of noodles for me, ramen and clear ones.  The combination of the various flavors and noodles, really enhanced the meal.  I also enjoyed a cold Sapporo beer, which for happy hour was only $2.00.I love their happy hour prices for appetizers and beers.  I will be back for more happy hour deliciousness at Pho Da Lat. BTW, I went to wash my hands before I ate and the bathrooms were beautiful and clean and the waitress was very attentive and sweet.I think I may have my next East Coast foodies event here.  THe prices are amazing, the food is delicious and plentiful, and the ambiance is welcoming.
4	We fell in love with Pho in San Francisco, where we found it Gluten Free for my daughter who has Celiac Disease.  The owner made Gluten Free Pho and ensured no cross contamination.  She was aslo able to eat the spring rolls but, not the peanut sauce.  We  all liked our respective Pho.  We had great personal service.  We'll be back.
4	I go here for lunch with friends a few times a month.  Had various types of the Pho, all delicious.  The food quality is consistently good.  Vietnamese iced coffee is very good.  I'll continue going back for a long time.
4	Always good food !, PHO DA LAT is he best in Phx , Veggie broth , Veggie Pho with steamed tofu is awesome , and don't forget to order the quail appetizer :) ..
5	Fantastic vietnamese food. The staff is very friendly and attentive.The pho dalat, bun bo hue, and mi la kai are must haves.  The pork and shrimp rolls and the roast quail are perhaps the best I've had anywhere.
4	The Bun Bo Hue is fantastic here.  :)  The ambiance is nice, decorations are cute, and service is great.
5	This is some of the best vegetarian pho out there.  It is so flavorful and delicious.  The veggies you get with it are perfect.  I have been to some other places where the veggie selection in the pho is lacking, but not here.  My man (a meat-eater) even gets the veggie broth because he actually likes it better.  (He does add some rare beef to it though).The staff is always extremely friendly and accommodating.  Happy hour is good.  I recommend the spring rolls, which are around $3 with happy hour.You can certainly leave here happy, full, and with money still in your wallet.
4	This place has a lot of bad reviews so I thought I'd come on here and say something nice. Pho was delicious, service was quick, and I will return. The only negative was the .45 charge to use my debit card (especially when my bank, Chase, is in the same parking lot). I've had plenty of pho before but this kind really struck my fancy. I hope people continue to go here because it's right next door to where I live and I would like to see them stay in business.
4	This was our first experience at this Vietnamese place.  As I've mentioned in other postings, we are not from this area, so we rely heavily on reviews, word-of-mouth, etc., so I use this app a lot.  The reviews say that the pho is good here, but we didn't get the pho.  We opted for the Bun instead, which is vermicelli noodles.  We both ordered the number 28 and it was amazing....noodles, and grilled chicken with the sauce on the side....yum!  Can't wait to go again!!
1	This is the worst service I have ever experienced. The workers all sit on a crate next to the backroom,using their phones while you wait for any kind of service. Whenever I would ask for water or anything else the server walks away before I can finish my sentence. Not even any sort of acknowledgement.I know I sound like a priss but I've worked many years in customer service so I'm very polite when I go to restaurants or any public place. But I have never experienced this level of rudeness and horrible service on multiple occasions, not just once. The food is decent, but the Pho only contains a baby's bite worth of noodles.
5	Good food and great service! Prices are agreeable and the portions are generous and honestly some of the best asian food I've had so far!
4	Love, love this place! Best Chicken Pho! Also try the fried rice and the crystal chicken. Prices are reasonable and it's clean!
5	My standby place for a good healthy lunch.  Excellent pho, good bun, and the 2 daily chicken specials (summer grilled chicken and salt/pepper chicken w/rice) are fantastic.   Staff is always courteous though sometimes a little overwhelmed by the lunch crowd - especially on Fridays.
2	Let me start off by saying that our server was friendly, friendlier than most I have had a Vietnamese restaurants. However after she took our order we did not see her again until it was time to pay the bill. There were about 6 or 7 other tables in the restaurant and other servers walked by us constantly and ignored the fact we had been done and sitting there for 15 minutes. Now onto the food, I got the easy rare Pho, when the Pho came out  I did not smell the usual aroma of onion, ginger and other spices that make Pho the best soup ever.  Instead I smelled salt. This was troubling. After tasting the broth I immediately knew what I was smelling and now tasting, beef bouillon. There was a very subtle flavor almost like watered down  Pho. The taste and flavor of the bouillon lingered on my tongue and left and and odd feeling in my mouth. This was probably the saddest excuse for Pho I have ever had. Real Pho requires a missive amount of bones and spices to create the broth that soothes the soul. Now onto my husband, order the charbroiled pork Bun, his vegetables were mushy the pork was not anywhere on par with other places we've been. Again watered down flavor. To top all of this off this place is more expensive that other Vietnamese restaurants we frequent. Save your money, visit another Vietnamese restaurants we have in the area, there are much, much, much better ones than this place.
4	I'm feeling a little generous with this review. The food deserves 3 stars overall, but the pepper tofu is so out of this world delicious that I'm willing to bump them up to 4. As a vegetarian in Phoenix, I'm always starved for entree options, and I wish there were more dishes like this. I got this dish to go while I waited for my car to be serviced nearby, and a couple employees walked by to tell me how good my lunch smelled. I asked for it extra spicy, and the extra jalapenos added just enough heat.I came back again with my husband to try some of their veggie pho, and I was disappointed. It was good but nothing special. My husband felt the same way about his beefy pho. We shared a plate of spring rolls, and they were so bland. Even the peanut dipping sauce had very little flavor.We would still come back to try other dishes here. A big lure was the large wine list where all bottles are $20. The great $20 price tag puts many of the bottles right a retail cost which is awesome when you're dining out. Sign me up for some La Crema.
4	Let's just say that I spend far too much time here. The service is always good, as is the food. Eating the Chili Lemongrass Chicken for the first time....It pleases me...greatly.
4	Let me preface by saying I was born in Saigon.  I understand Pho like a redneck understands buckshot.  That's to say, both can be a total miss or to die for.  But, on average they both tend to hit the target.  People who get all worked up over whether the broth was too cloudy, or too sweet, or they got one lime instead of 2 limes need to loosen up a little about this treasured Vietnamese dish.  Pho Da Lat's pho is pretty average in a city where all pho is pretty average.  So I'm saying it's a good showing for pho in Phoenix.  So why 4 stars?  Two reasons: 1) The roast game hen is simply perfect.  It's not a typical dish in any Vietnamese restaurant and transports one to idyllic Provence.  Evidence of the French colonial influence.  It's charred and crispy on the edges and succulent in the meaty areas.  It's served over white rice and accompanied by cucumbers, cilantro and lettuce.  A small dish with salt/pepper & lime is for dipping.  2) These guys have a selection of wine.  Wine with Pho unheard of you say?  Don't pair with red wines, instead pick a dry white wine.  I chose the 2009 Farrier Alexander Valley Andiron (Semillon/Sauv Blanc) $6.  The hints of lime and bright finish go perfectly with spicy Pho broth.  It's also excellent with the roast bird.  The Pho and the Andiron are good by themselves but together they transcend.
5	I live here, and all the servers are great.  I'm here 1-3 times a week, the Spring rolls are to dir for and the Pho is fantastic loaded with noodles and Veggies, great way to get a hot an healthy meal.  The place is always packed for lunch, so come early or for a late lunch.  My favorite is the #35 Spicy Beef Vermicelli, I only can handle the 3 out of 5 on the heat scale.
4	Come for HH, it'll allow you to eat more AND save money at the same time
4	This is my first time here. I don't know about other dishes but the rice plate I had was pretty good. The fish sauce mix was perfect, the grilled pork chop was cooked to perfection, the over easy egg was done well. I tried the pho and it was a typical tasting pho, nothing to rave about. I guess comparing this place to Pho Thuan Kieu at Mekong Plaza, for the prize and the amount of side dishes that they give you here, Pho Thuan Kieu gives you more for your dollar. I think I would stop by here if I was ever in the Ahwatukee area to try other dishes. Ambience: AService: APrice: BFood: A
3	Pho-gettaboudit... not impressed, the spring rolls were over-cooked and the chicken in the pho was no bueno.  The others at my table seemed to enjoy their meal, but I think they're just used to being let down.Also, let me stand on my soap box and announce something to all small business owners.  You don't like it when people pay with credit or debit cards?  You don't like paying that 3-4.5% fee for electronic paying customers?  Huh.  Well guess what... you should build that into your pricing!  'Cause guess what?  NO ONE likes to see a sign that they will be paying 50 cents or whatever extra just because they don't have cash.  It rubs me the wrong way almost every time - and I know I'm not the only one.  So - in the best interest of your getting people to RETURN and RECOMMEND your place of business to others?  Get with the 21st century and suck it up - debit / credit cards aren't going anywhere.
4	I have been coming here for years and it's still one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in the Phoenix area. I usually order either the Pho Tai Bo Vien (noodle soup with sliced beef and beef meatballs) or the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (vermicelli with grilled pork and fried egg roll). Food is consistently good and hits the spot when you are craving some delicious Vietnamese food.It's true that service is at a slower pace. You can go for a whole meal and probably only see your server 3 times, but I don't mind this as I hate when servers are constantly hovering or interrupting your meal to ask you if everything tastes good. Plus I am never in a hurry when I go here, so I don't mind waiting a little longer to get the check at the end of the meal.I also think the decor is classy and the lighting is intimate, but not too dark that you can't see the food or the menu. It's a good place to take a date because it's usually not too crowded or loud and you can easily hold a conversation.I've never noticed the extra credit card charge other revieweres mentioned, but I guess I've never had a check under $10 before. I kind of like that you have the option of paying less if you bring cash though. Saves money for both the customer and restaurant owner!
4	Over all the food was good. I had a room temperature rice dish with beef and a crispy roll. I am not normally a fan of fish sauce but theirs was good. I did not add the whole dish, I feel like it would have been too much. I did however add some sauce for additional flavor.I also loved their iced coffee!
1	Fake Americanized Vietnamese food.  Small portions and more like Chinese food than Vietnamese food.  Will never eat here again. It's nasty or gross.
3	I love the Bun here!
3	I love vietnamese food and decided to give this place a try since my favorite "hole in the wall" joint closed down. I had the steak pho, crispy spring rolls and bun (vermicelli) which were all pretty good and flavorful! The service was great, but I was a little disappointed with our drinks. My Thai iced tea was watery and the boba had a heavy flavored creamer taste to it. Overall, I will come back, but I'm still on the lookout for a new hidden gem.
4	This is a hidden little gem in the area.  The food is very flavorful, the ambience is very comfortable and private, and the service is impeccable.  I have only tried the Bun dishes, but they have been excellent, and the dishes that my dining companions have selected have looked very delicious too.  The iced coffee, is of course, awesome as well. Definitely a place I'll be visiting often!
3	The pho was A-OK, but not as filling as we'd hoped.
5	Best damn pho I've ever had!
4	Yummy!  I ordered the Bun Bo Hue soup extra spicy.  It worked wonders on my cold, and it was delicious!  Lots of beef, pork and meatballs in it.  The spice was almost too hot, so next time I will order it just "hot".   My hubby ordered the flank and brisket pho and it was also very good.  We shared the spring rolls.  They were okay, a little greasy for my taste.  The place was closing down the following day 8/13 for a remodel.  I am counting the days until 8/21 for the re-opening.   It was a very nice friendly and clean place.  We will go back!
4	Ordered some Pho Ga and summer rolls to go the other night.  Yummy broth and lots of chicken.  The summer rolls were fresh, and the peanut sauce was yummy.  I am spoiled with Pho having lived in Seattle and Portland the past several years (rainy cities have the best pho), but really.. I was impressed. I will be back!!
5	Uhhhhh...Yum!! And, the service is AMAZING!!! Apparently they just doubled in size, and I can see why!! This place is great. Even though it's a little out of the way for us, we WILL be back!!!!!!
4	Great service, a little slow at lunch hour which is understandable. Definitely will come back for some pho
2	The food and service has taken a nose dive in the last three trips there. I ordered Brisket Pho and got serloin or something and when I asked for a different dish since I was not happy with that one the waitress argued with me that it was brisket. I didnt need the arguement, I have had the brisket Pho at least ten times it was different. I think I will just go somewhere else now.
4	Best bun Bo hue I have had in the valley. Beyond that I can't say. I have gone for lunch 3 times, and the service was good. No issues.
4	One of the better places for Pho. I wasn't a fan of it at the beginning of the year but the rare brisket pho is good here and the employees are friendly
1	I have eaten here several times and food has always been very good, while service was adequate. However, on my most recent visit, my mannish "waitress" was brusque, unhelpful, and downright rude. I will not return, despite living only a block away.
4	My husband and I eat here weekly. After long work days, this is a great alternative to cooking dinner. The food is affordable and good. Most days, I order their roasted hen which comes with rice, a couple slices of cucumber, and a lime sauce ($6.50). The hen is very well cooked - not dry and very juicy. It's also becoming my husband's favorite.On off days, I would order their pho ($7 - $8). It isn't the best pho I've had but it's not the worst either (you guys know that taste where it tastes like fake pho? lol, I'm not sure how to explain it). Anyway, the grilled pork spring rolls always taste very fresh ($3). Their service isn't bad either. The waiters/waitresses are super friendly and will chat with you . I would recommend this place for folks who want affordable good Vietnamese food.
4	What can I say... this place was PHO me ;) Fast friendly service, average pho prices ( I paid $7 plus $2 for my drink) and the atmosphere was very laid back but the staff were professional. The music wasn't overwhelming, which is something I always dread when trying a new place. I ordered the #8 Pho which included meatball, beef, tendons, sinews, and other parts I was unsure of but was completely delighted by their chewy and jello like textures in my mouth. I'm a texture person. The flavor was awesome as well. The noodles were perfect. Long, thin, and chewy. I had looked them up before going and saw they only took cash unless you spend over $15. If I had not known that before going I wouldn't have stayed for lunch and would've been angry at not having my pho fix.  I will deft be coming here again.
3	Ate here for the first time tonight.  I enjoyed the experience, friendly staff, nice clear restaurant. I ordered the Pho Tai (Rare Beef Pho) and it was mediocre.  Not terrible but if you're craving incredible Pho this isn't the place for you.
4	Good pho and friendly service.  Great wine selection as well, good prices even off of happy hour.  That being said this place would be a  steal during HH, looking forward for an opportunity to go back, a little far from where I live but a great spot for sure.  One question: Did this place exist as a former night club?  What is with all of the dance and DJ equipment?? This would be a great place to be introduced to Vietnamese food as I was years back.
5	We love coming here for authentic Vietnamese foods. The menu is great, the service is fantastic, and the staff is friendly. The pho is excellent!
5	Best Mussels.  Best Lemonade.  Quiet, Relaxing.  Good.  Would Highly Recommend.
1	So the food was decent, the service was absolutely terrible and I was charged for a soda when all I got was carbonated water... I asked why and the poor waiter said that when they don't charge for it, the owner takes it out of their check.. Are you kidding me? Not like I needed 2 dollars, and not like it was a big deal but it was when the waiter told me about the owner. I will never be back and don't recommend. It looks like they are struggling anyways so good luck attempting to obtain clients with the way you practice  your business and treat your employees. If you are the owner, and you want to reach out to me and talk about it let me know. I'd love to give you a piece of my mind.
3	A notch above Pho Nhat but overall wasn't wowed by anything here(The ambiance here is a lot better though then the divey pho spots around town)The veggies that accompany the crispy rolls here are pretty good though!Pho was cheap and filling though my only complaints here was it could have used more meat served rarer~
5	Great food. Great price! Pho Dalat is the quintesential Pho restaurant.
4	This is nice place for pho. The staff is very friendly, and the restaurant is pleasant and clean. Also, the wine prices are awesome - $6 per glass of some pretty good labels.
4	Yummy! I enjoyed the pho and my friend enjoyed the bun. I know it was very nice inside.
5	Highly recommended!  I ate pho combination. First, the broth so tasty but light. And service was amazing, fast, friendly. Then I ordered to go tofu fried spicy chef specialty (I think). It was awesone!!!
1	Man pho was bad yesterday. I hate to rip on my people but they need to step it up. Noodle tasted like one of those instant pho from Lee Lee's supermarket and was extra soggy. I could have sworn the "special combination" was a lot better last time. The fatty piece they added into the special combination tasted weird. Won't be coming back anytime soon until I see better reviews.
5	I've tried a lot of Vietnamese places and so far this is the one I keep coming back to. Everyone is in a friendly mood and the service always seem to be good, even if it's busy. Everything I have ever ordered has been great! This time I ordered #36, which is basically pork, rice, over easy egg, egg cake and cucumber slices. The meat was lean and marinated well. The only thing I didn't really like was the egg cake, never have... So not there fault. My friend ordered #39, grilled chicken and rice. It was her first time eating there and she loved it too. She is always picky about her food, but she was pleased with the outcome. So overall it was a great experience!! Plus they have my favorite, Vietnamese coffee!! =)
3	Used to love this place but new staff isn't friendly and forgot my shrimp. I went in alone so hate know what they'd forget if it was multiple people. Pho was good
4	Great, fresh food,...very healthy!!  Portions are huge and the Pho is great too.  Excellent prices.  Service is super friendly, attentive...feels like family. Atmosphere is calming, open, clean and comfortable. It's surprising that such an excellent place is in such a slow corner strip mall, but very nice.  I wish I could give another 1/2 star,.....only took a half off because the flavor is a little bland, but that may be all Vietnamese food,....this food tastes very fresh and authentic!!Definitely the best Vietnamese food I've had of the 4 places I've been!!Highly recommend trying it, you won't be sorry.
3	I'm serious about soup; so much so that I eat it in 100F.  There's something so comforting and relaxing about it. Went on a Friday at 6:30pm and it was pretty empty, so we got sat right away by a very friendly server. Ever since I tried Pho Ga at Noodles Ranch in Old Town, I've been trying to find a place just as amazing mostly due to location. I've tried two others in Mesa off Dobson rd. NOTHING has topped it yet. Here's why...Pho Dalat's beef based broth was very tasty; I'll give them that, but there wasn't much chicken. Other then the usual add-ins provided with Pho, the soup consisted only of shredded chicken breast pieces and noodles. At NOODLES RANCH the Pho Ga comes with bright greens of broccoli and baby bok choy. I'll continue my quest for a nearby pho place !
4	Minus one star for having those hungry big fish in that tiny fish pond at the entrance. Thats cruel guys. They look miserable. And having a big amazing meal and looking at that makes my heart melt.Coming to the food: Amazing food ! if for some reason you have a choice, pick this one and go ! Amazing Pho! Its all in the broth? the, very well done ! Pick thai coffee for dessert if you like milky sweet coffee.
4	Great service and the BEST iced coffee I've ever had... That said DO NOT... I repeat do not have more than one.  We are both seasoned coffee drinkers and we were kept up till 2:00 am 4 hrs past bed time.
4	My FIRST Vietnamese Restaurant experience in Arizona !!The place is very clean and welcoming. The waitress I had spoke perfect English and understood everything .The food was above average but it could be that I am comparing it to a restaurant in Chicago. Lets just say I do like their food and I will return.I took one star off because the staff was making too much noise fooling around while we were eating. After this is a serious restaurant?
3	Had lunch here the other day and the waitress was so bad I don't know if I will ever return!  Food was average and not compelling enough to draw me back in with such poor service. But, note is that the pho broth did not appear to from a jar!!!
3	I've been here a few times for the pho and spring rolls. It was good enough to bring me back the first few times, but the last time I went (this past winter) the pho was a huge letdown. Not sure if it was an off day or they were running out of broth because it was late, but it was very bland. I probably won't take another chance on this place since I know of at least a few other places that consistently serve good pho.
3	The price was "ok" and a bit high but I have to say that their food portions were large. I got pho with everything in it and as a vietnamese person who eats pho regularly, this was not all that great. There was hardly meat, just mostly ramen and soup. The flavor wasn't entirely there, at least not what I am use to. Save your money and head over to Saigon for some good pho for the right price on Alma school.
4	I've been here a few times. I really like the #39. I went with some coworkers once who were all jealous of my #39. Today, we ordered out and got an order of spring rolls, a #9 rare pho and #39 grilled chicken and rice. The spring rolls were a pretty big disappointment. They were soggy (but they were to go), kinda chewy (too chewy) and they came with fish sauce I'm not a huge fan of. My grilled chicken and rice also came with fish sauce. I would prefer something else and I know you can ask for peanut sauce instead. The pho was good (as I was told) but nowhere near as good as khai hoan. They recently did some remodeling. Overall, it's pretty good and I would recommend it to someone looking for a spot in this area to get Vietnamese.
4	I have tried several things here in the past few weeks and they have all been very good.  I don't eat a whole lot of Vietnamese food, but this place is real close to my neighborhood so that is always a plus.  They have made the restaurant bigger so there is plenty of seating although they due tend to be busy around lunch time.  The last few times they weren't breaking any records for speed even though my waitress was very nice.  I'm not sure this would be the best place if you are in a hurry. I appreciate the vegetarian options they have on the menu.  I thought the Vegetarian Pho was very good.  I haven't had many versions to compare it too, but it was much much better than the vegetarian versions I have had at the noodle shop downtown. The Tofu Vermicelli is really great.  it;s a cross between a hot noodle dish and a salad.  Which sounds kind of odd, but it's very good. They also have a pretty efficient take out so calling in and picking up isn't a problem.Try:- Vegetarian Pho.- Tofu Vermicelli
5	I've had pho all over the valley and consider myself somewhat of an enthusiast. Pho Da Lat is not the best that I've ever had but it was definitely within the top 3. Restaurant is clean, service is super friendly and quick (I appreciated this because I only had 45 minutes for my lunch break), they have a great beer/wine selection. Overall, it was a great experience and I highly recommend paying them a visit if you haven't already.
5	Great pho spot in the Valley! I can't speak to their other items because I've literally only had the pho every time I've been there. I get the veggie pho with beef broth, it's really flavorful and obviously super filling. If you're into appetizers, I like the crispy spring rolls. Lunchtime can be busy, but it seems like luck of the draw sometimes. We went in today at noon and had no trouble getting seated and getting our food quickly. Servers are friendly and interior is clean and spacious.
3	Good bun dishes here.
2	Disappointed!It used to be a 5 star place fore me...it's slowly going down hill. The portion sizes are down. I love to order their pepper tofu...I am getting a lot more rice that I used to...but the portion of the curry went down. So, I feel like I am eating just steamed rice. Secondly... I heard a few complaints from my friends and ignored them... but I too had a rotten red bell pepper in my pepper tofu. Now I see the trend. Used to be a great place.
5	The easy rare pho and garden rolls are delicious. The lunch special is a great deal and filling.
4	My boyfriend and I love this place.  Food is great, friendly services and owner is really nice.
4	Really nice Vietnamese food - really enjoy it.  Service is friendly and quick.  Great lunch spot and we enjoy dinner also.  I've never had anything there that I didn't like.
2	Clean place , service is okay just the food comes out to slow and sometimes chefs take off early so you can't get certain dishes on the menu !! Was kind of disappointed
4	Simply the best rice and soup I have had in a long time. I had the combo rice. I usually NEVER order it because as much as I love it. It's always greasy. Not here. Also had the shrimp and port wonton soup. Just the amount of ingredients I like. I'll be back soon.
4	I've been to this restaurant two times and the the pho is great. The menu at first glance seems pretty expensive, $5 for two egg rolls, appetizers, etc. But if you come during their weekday happy hour (something like M-F 3pm-5pm) the appetizers are half off, which makes them "normal" priced as far as Vietnamese joints go. What you pay for is the nice atmosphere, everything is very clean, and the decor is very nice, and modern. The bowls of pho are around $9-$10 which is expensive, but the bowls are actually fairly large so it evens out. My first impressions of this restaurant were that it was far too expensive to be a Vietnamese restaurant, but after seeing the large portions of pho and bun bo hue, I'd recommend this restaurant!
5	This is some of the freshest, best tasting food - and you will crave it.   The staff - ask for Abner- is friendly and attentive. My favorite is the "soup on the side" but too frequently I have company and it's not a great sharing dish. The curry is great - and go spicy - it's a tollerable heat.  One more advantage - good wine list, all bottles just $20. Enjoy one of my favorite spots.
5	We really enjoyed our meal here.  Food was delicious and fresh and RAPIDLY PREPARED.  Very nice ambiance; well-decorated and comfortable.  Equally as good as the other Pho restaurants we've frequented here in the valley - and the price is right.  $24 for 2 people, no drinks, ate until we were full.  We will definitely be back!
5	Fantastic Pho and service. I went during off hours so it wasn't busy, not sure how things are during busy hours. Staff was very knowledgable too.
5	Vegetarian Pho with Veggie Broth? YES PLEASE!! When you walk into the restaurant, it is a little dark. However, the pho was very flavorful! I like to add extra limes in my soup for some extra sourness. The service was great as well. When I ordered my Vegetarian Pho, the waiter immediately asked me if I wanted Veggie Broth. The only downside was that they charge $0.45 for a credit card charge of under $15. If you are going to go by yourself, make sure to take cash unless you are planning on buying two meals.
5	I've been coming here for lunch for a few years now.  Service is always fast and friendly.  Their Pho is incredible but don't pass up their rice dishes.  They are equally delicious.
4	This place is one of the best places where I tried Vietnamese food. The waitress was energetic and very friendly.  I tried vegetarian pho and thai iced tea, Both were amazing.  The Vietnamese pho tasted really good and the quantity was huge. Its a lot for the money you pay and I am sure 1 person cannot finish the bowl.
5	Love this place. Great pho, fast and they pack on a lot of ingredients.
5	Rushing home from long day at work and I call in to go orders of PHO about once a month. Nothing ever missing and always perfect. Prices are right, food is great, and I don't even live in Tempe. That's a quality restaurant. My PHO place!
