2	I really think a place has to have most of its components in line before its really going to work. The problem with Jepe is that it needs further development. The staff while friendly enough didn't really seem to care much about the product. When asked what Jepe meant we were told "I don't know and wont make up something stupid".. huh? Maybe more training and understanding is needed?The product was just okay.. I think I would have been happier with fewer flavors but done really well then a ton of flavors that were just okay. The lemon was decent enough, nice and bright but the other flavors lacked depth and zing that you would normally find in gelato. Jepe has a ton of flavors.. I tried 5 and of those only 1 was worth the mention. In the end I just think the place needs a bit more development to be a real winner. I love independents and hope Jepe will find its groove.
5	As yummy as it gets!  There are sooo many flavors of sorbet, delicious & innovative combinations of gelatos.  They even have the BEST FROZEN YOGURT ON THE PLANET, I AM HOOKED! The staff is so sweet and friendly. They even deliver.
4	Love the decor, love the presentation, love the gelato!  For my daughter's birthday, we got her a Jepe Gelato cake and her friends went crazy for it!  Most kids birthday parties, you will have 2 kids (MAX) out of 20 eat the whole piece of cake- but with their cake almost every child ate the whole darn thing!  That sooooo never happens.The facts are simple: Everything is fresh, delicious, and best of all...... LOWER calorie than traditional ice cream.  (Trust me, there are not a whole heck of a lot of ice creams that are low cal AND tasty!)Frozen yogurt is bland, Dairy Queen and Cold Stone are fine, but pretty boring, so Jepe Gelato fills the void.  Hopefully you will think it is just as special as my kids and I do!  Best of luck to you!Warmly,Kirin :)
3	We tried this place after eating a really awesome meal at George and Sons down the strip mall. First thought was "I am a gelato rookie and dont know anything about it". So i walked in there trying some samples and couldnt really get the grasp of the whole idea. The place looked nice and contemporary on the inside but the gelato just wasnt satisfying me. I ended up getting a two scoop of the strawberry cheesecake which is my go-to ice cream at marble slab and stone cold. This flavor was fairly rich but lacking the creamy texture and strawberry chunks which ice cream has that dominates my taste buds.Overall the shop looked cool, price was fairly steep and the guy behind the counter went into sales pitch mode after finding out my g/f managed a coffee shop. Not a big fan of sales pitches while just trying to finish a great night out with dessert.Would try gelato again but probably not here as i need to expand my gelato experience somewhere else.
4	Really, really good and tasty gelato!
4	We've been coming here for about two years and have alway enjoyed their flavors & gelato.  They are child friendly and the folks behind the counter seem to a happy bunch.  Enjoy!
5	I initially struggled on whether or not I should yelp this place, because I cannot stand traveling to Arizona and its unforgiving heat. However, Jepe Gelato is the only place that warrants a return because their Gelato is amazing. I met one of the owners and found out they are also fellow NYers (which in my mind immediately bumped this place up a few notches). Their staff is very friendly, helpful and quick to serve you. Now the Gelato: Their flavor variety and decorative display is enough to send me into a diabetic coma. As if it wasn't bad enough you can order cups of gelato, you can also bring home tubs and cake! Thanks to their helpful staff, I was even able to bring a large container of gelato home to NY with me (6+ hour plane ride)! Their friendly staff helped me pack ice on top of the gelato and by the time I got home it was still cold (although a little runny), but still delish and needless to say made me and my girlfriend very happy. When and if I travel back to AZ, I would be foolish not to stop at Jepe Gelato and have a few spoonfuls.
