5	I was introduced to Gordy Zorn through a first-time homebuyer Client and was very impressed with his thorough description to her of each of the items on his inspection report.  He took as much time as she needed and explained each item in complete detail, with no rushing.  Gordy's thermal imaging camera has uncovered some scary moisture items that were not discernable with the naked eye in another Client's home.  There is a good deal of liability for inspectors, buyer's agents and brokers in this business and Gordy's systems and care greatly reduce the risk involved in purchasing a home.  I will definitely use Advanced Home Inspections again!
5	I recommend Advance home inspection. I am a single mother and not only did Gordy walk me through the process, he also taught me how to upkeep everything. He was very knowledgable and personable. I'm very pleased with this company.
5	When I spoke with Gordy about doing my home inspection he explained how he had a routine and he requested that I hold off on any questions till he had completed his inspection so that he would not leave out anything. He explained that he would gladly respond to all my queries after he was done and reminded me that this being a major expenditure, there was no such thing as a dumb question for him.  The man was true to his word  and he did a  very thorough inspection and he was very  thorough and patient with his explanations. He explained many things that even my experienced Realtor found educational. Not only did he point out defects but he also took the time to explain how they could be addressed. As a bonus he also pointed out the kinds of maintenance that I should do and why it was necessary. He was very professional and yet very personable in his demeanor. He was very knowledgeable of codes and he explained that he used to oversee construction of homes. I was real glad that I did not opt to just let my Realtor accompany Gordy for the inspection. I would have lost out on a great education!
5	Missing the home inspection on my first ever home purchase seemed like the worst idea in the world, but Gordy made me feel at ease that he would do an excellent job.Gordy sounded extremely knowledgeable on the phone.  Being that we were from out of town, Gordy proceeded to explain the types of common problems to expect in Las Vegas homes, and what we should be looking out for.  He answered every question we asked, and suggested since we were out of town that he was willing to call us immediately after the inspection to give us the run down of the house.  PLUS he would be willing to COME BACK once we were in town again to show us how to properly maintain the house and point out what was wrong in person.I was sold.We scheduled the appointment as soon as we were sure the utilities would be on, and true to his word, Gordy arrived at the house (early) and called us right afterwards and spoke to us for well over an hour on the phone.   We got the full walk through, followed by an extremely detailed written report with lots of photos highlighting every issue.  I'd opted for the thermal imaging, and it was enlightening to see where we had insufficient insulation and where there were water leaks.  I came away feeling like Gordy left no stone unturned. Not only that, but Gordy called us back AGAIN after he had emailed the report to make sure we understood it and reiterated multiple times that he wouldn't ever hesitate to answer any questions we had.Overall, a fantastic experience.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Gordy!
5	Gordy is the best home inspector I have met in 23 years of Selling real estate.  He is a former home builder and he knows how a house is built.  He has every tool created for home inspectors.
