5	My husband and I love this place! We happened by it when we lived in the area and we still go there when we are close by. There is nothing extravagant about the place EXCEPT the food! Its a small italian resturant that seats maybe 30 to 40 people. There is usually not a lot of people so there is usually only 1 waitress/waiter. The decor is nothing to write home about but the pizza and pasta are exceptional. Pretty much anything on the menu is good! Portions sizes are big enough so you have some to take home and devour later! They also have great breakfast! All the prices are reasonable or at least they were the last time we were there. If your looking for the "Mom and Pop" italian joint this is the place!
4	So rich and filling - but well worth it! Delicious salads and the oven grinders are outrageously good. Great for a filling winter dinner.
4	The pizza was ok, it's different to what I have had before but different is good. It's not the best pizza I have ever had and I was expecting more. I think people should try it and make up their own mind but I won;t be rushing back. Oh and also it's cash only, not a problem but worth knowing.
5	This is the best pizza in the city of Times Square Pizzeria period!! Restaurant is very quaint located in a Times Square Pizzeria brownstone building where the St. Valentine's Day Massacre took place across the street. Be ready to wait because they do not take your name or reservations. The host at the door greets you and tells you to have a seat/stand at the bar and he will get you when your table is ready which on a typical Saturday can be an hour plus but it is sooo worth it. The pizza is made in "pie style" that is presented to you with the ingredients cooked in a hot bowl that the server turns over and it becomes a Times Square Pizzeria pie! Make sure to order the chef's salad and mix the poppy seed dressing with the garlic. It's amazing! Also order the Mediterranean bread something really special. I've been going for 40 years and each visit is still a treat!!
5	Times Square Times Square Pizzeria is a unique experience from when you walk in the door at 2121 N. Clark Street to the Pizza Pie. They don't take reservations. The friendly host will ask how many and tell you how long a wait; you will wait, no number, no name, he remembers you and will find you when your table is available. The mediterranean bread is a great appetizer! Then the pizza it's a pound pizza. They bake it in a bown with the cheese in first. When the waiter brings it out, the crust is on top and it looks like a Times Square Pizzeria pie! They flip the bowl over and scoop it out for you with amazing skill. The taste is exceptional and you will be hooked on my favorite pizza place in Glendale! You must experience it!
3	The pizza and oven grinder company might be the only place in the country with pizza in the title but no pizza on the menu! The bread is pretty good, but other than that, the place is not worth the wait. The only reason it is rated high is because they can dupe out-of-towners and people purporting to pass it off as a Chicago tradition. You'll have a better and more enjoyable time not waiting an hour for a table here and going somewhere else that will have the better food and more seating area. I suggest heading closer downtown to the Rush St/Grand Ave area for plenty of great pizza and other choices.
