4	When I first saw the building from the outside, the place looked small and shady. But once you go inside, it's actually quiet nice and roomy. The service was good and the food was definitely worth the price that we paid. We had chicken wings and the spicy sausage as an appetizer. The chicken wing was kind of bland and blah, but the sausage was definitely worth trying. I don't know if i would pay $5 for few pieces of meat again. We also had the papaya salad and sticky rice. Both of them were very good and very original taste...spicy and fishey!Our main dish, we ordered pad Thai, Drunken noodle and Pho. Don't order the Pad Thai! It had a very vinegary taste, and okay consistency. Drunken noodle was very tasteful and worth a try as well. Pho was okay as well. The broth was tasty, ample amount of noodles, but not enough meat. Overall, don't let the outside appearance fool your expectations. Definitely worth a try! ^_^
5	I think this "hidden gem" is the best Thai place in Madison. I love divey looking places, especially when seeking ethnic food. That hopefully tells me they care more about the food than the decor. This place matched that. We walked in on a cold day and saw mostly Asian people eating -- another good sign. Ordered different stuff and all was excellent and very authentic tasting. Cheap too!
4	Went here while visiting family in Madison, I ordered my usual salad rolls and beef pho soup.  The pork/veggie salad rolls were good, I was kind of surprised to see that some scrambled egg was included in it and found it a nice addition.  Instead of the usual peanut sauce, it came with a sweet and tangy sauce that I think had some fish sauce in it and was quite good.  My pho soup was the beef steak and meatball version and although I didn't order it, it included some tripe as well.  I don't eat tripe but that's okay, just picked it out.  Overall the soup was very tasty with a generous portion of noodles and meet.  I never would have noticed this place but my cousin lives right near State St. and has been here before, the atmosphere leaves a little to be desired but the food is great and very well priced.  I would definitely recommend it for good Thai or Vietnamese dishes.
2	The smell of grease pervades this place and stuck to me for hours after I left.I love spring rolls.  They are are supposed to be light and fresh and full of nice crisp veggies, the spring rolls are Asian One are like sticky logs of blandness.  The Angel chicken wings are one of the most pointless and hardest to eat foods that I have ever come across.  It is a chicken wing stuffed with pork and veggies and it was greasy and bland.Those were the only things I tried, they may have good dishes there, but after trying two and being dissappointed by both of them, I will not return.
4	Let's get one thing straight--if you don't like Asian One's food, something is wrong with you. Maybe your palate sucks. Maybe you've never had legit Thai/Hmong food. Maybe you can't tolerate anything spicy.This is, by far, the most authentic restaurant in Madison (besides a few Mexican places). Superb curries and excellent mango salad.The Mussaman Curry here is exemplary and an excellent example of how a good curry should be. Just spicy enough and accompanied by hints of peanuts and sweet coconut milk. It's outstanding. Oh, it's also $7. It's a bargain, and the best in Madison, by a mile.Look past the restaurant's dumpiness and slightly dirty interior. It's fantastic.
5	Amazing place to eat and it can easily be overlooked because of its decrepit and shady outward appearance.  I love the atmosphere and design inside, service was fast, and the dishes were delicious.  Great curry, spring rolls, and THE BEST fish dishes.  Be sure to ask for the fish dish with the entire, untouched fish.  It might be a hassle to peel the scales and pick the bones out, but it was excellent.  One of the best dishes I've had while living in Madison.
