5	Ok first off let me say that I cannot stand salesman type insurance agents. If thats what you want then Jason is NOT your guy. If you are like me and would rather not be pressured then I highly recommend Jason!. He will take the time to understand your needs and also will create a group plan that an entire company and its employees can benefit from. So if you want a person with honesty, trust, and true passion for helping others then Jason is the person to use!!!
5	Jason is absolutely a great person and takes the time to listen, offer advice based off of your individual needs.  Jason is not a one size fits all type of agent.  I have to say that if you are looking and shopping for insurance, call him first and he can handle all of your needs either directly or get someone who can!!!  Great person that actually cares about what he does!
5	He is not your typical insurance salesman. This guy takes the time to listen and hear what your needs are. He is far from pushy and lets you be in charge. He really is there just to help when you need it. I would recommend him to anyone. Most importantly this guy has character and that matters most to my family. Thanks for your help Jason!
5	I'm so glad I met Jason. We sat down together and he explained everything to me clearly. He cares about what he's doing and he wanted me to have the best insurance for my family. I will only use Jason from now on. I highly recommend him to everybody I know. Thank you Jason!
5	It was a great experience working with Jason.  He know his business and knows how to make the whole process understandably.  I would recommend Jason to my family and friends.
5	I've known a lot of Aflac agents over the years but Jason is absolutely the only one that I will refer to. I appreciate the fact that I can entrust my own health insurance clients to Jason and he will give them the same professional care that I will.
5	I was really concerned about the gap between what my insurance paid and what I would end up paying for healthcare.  Jason put my mind at ease and helped me understand what kind of additional insurance Aflac offers that can in most cases fully cover any additional expenses and in most cases provide me with more money to compensate me for lost work and other miscellaneous expenses.If you want the peace of mind of knowing these additional expenses are now covered  and want a guy who can explain it to you in an easily understood way, Jason is the man!!
5	Jason is a great guy and reallys knows his AFLAC product. As a Property & Casualty insurance Agent, it is nice to have a person I can refer to my commercial clients and know they are in good hands. Thank you for all of your help Jason.
5	Jason is a great insurance agent.  He can explain everything about the AFLAC plans and how they cover things that your regular insurance doesn't cover.  He isn't a pushy sales guy; just  a nice guy that will give you the information that you want.
4	Jason is very friendly and genuinely helpful when answering all the questions I have on insurance. I don't typically enjoy talking with insurance people because they usually are trying to over sell me on something and not really listening to my needs. Jason was great to talk with at length because he was non pushy and didn't dodge around topics I needed answers on.I continue to rely on Jason and you should to.
5	There is a lot to insurance.  Between work and family I can't find the time to figure out the insurance choices that are out there and what would best fit mine and my family's needs.  I'm very glad that I met Jason.  He helped me to quickly understand my insurance options and gave me great advice on what plans would be best for me and my situation.  He is a friendly and easy to talk to guy.  It is easy to tell that he really cares about you as an individual and as a long term client.
5	Of all of the HR decisions we've made for our business, bringing Jason Perkins and AFLAC in has been the best. He offers each employee personal advice, and we've had some claims. He bird-dogs the claims until they are paid, and that is amazingly fast!
5	Jason is definitely the most down to earth and friendly insurance salesman that I or my place of employment has ever worked with. He is genuinely concerned with the needs of each person as an individual and does not push you in to buying something you don't want or need.I had a claim processed this year and although I had a few hiccups with AFLAC releasing my funds in a timely manner, Jason went up to bat for me and did everything in his power to make sure I was taken care of.If you are interested in AFLAC coverage, Jason should be your go to guy!
4	Jason is very sincere and willing to help others.  I have nothing but positive interactions with him and viewing all the other responses it looks like he is a man of integrity which is important in this day.  2 thumbs up!
