2	Staying in this hotel while it is in construction sucks.  Their hotel temperature was humid in the middle of September!  It is also away from  all the action of Las Vegas because it is on the side of the strip ... which, I suppose, is good considering the havok that drunkards cause.  In addition, there is no nice view outside the window, just a couple of blocks, bricks, and prostitutes.  But it is a wonderful hotel to stay in if you were lonely cause' if you ain't gettin' any ass, this hotel provides the aroma of it to satisfy your special fetishes and needs.
4	I am rating this place 4 stars, because they are the only hotel in LV that accepts dogs over 50lbs.The rooms are decent, internet is free, and I really loved the self-service on-your-honor mini mart in the lobby.  I liked the laundry facilities, and the pool was OK.It is a bit of a hike to the Strip, but that is what taxis are for.  There are a lot of restaurants within a 10-minute walk from here.
4	Stay here often for business.  I've been staying in Vegas since 1987 and have stayed at pretty much every hotel, from tacky to grand.  This hotel is basic but they have kitchens, laundry and a friendly staff.  Off the strip, but it doesn't take 20 minutes to wind through a casino to exit the hotel.   Great for an extended stay, business traveler or people traveling with pets.  There are also great restaurants within walking distance.
4	Great value if you don't mind staying off the strip.You have to take a bus or a cab to the strip. There two buses - one takes you to Flamingo/Ballys which takes about 5-7 minutes, the other one takes you to Wynn/Fashion Mall.Busses run every 20 minutes though, so you are definitely spending time waiting for them.Pluses: 1. very quiet area!! 2. clean and spacious rooms 3. attentive front desk service 4. very nice if you have kids with you or staying for more than a week 5. couple of restaurants that Yelp rated the best in Vegas are within the walking distance Minuses: 1. dated appliances 2. distance from the strip
3	3.5 stars. it's off the strip, but that was okay since I was in Vegas just to eat. We drove to the strip since it's a long two blocks. The hotel staff is nice. The room is very spacious! Since it's an extended stay hotel, all kitcehnware is included like dishes, pots/pans, utensils, etc. There's a fridge, microwave, and dishwasher. Afterall, this place is really cheap! It's a great hotel for the price, that's for sure!
4	I had never stayed at a Candlewood before, and it made me sad that I hadn't. The room was very nice. It had a separate bedroom from the living room and kitchen area, so it was ideal for having my mom and sister sleeping somewhere other than where I was. The rooms come fully loaded with dishes, furniture, kitchen, and everything that you would need to live in. They offer free laundry rooms for the extended stay, so that was sweet too.You get better rates the longer you stay. With my grandpa's military veterans' discount we only paid $89 for the night for a one night stay. I'll be looking them up much more often when I'm out of town on business, family trips, or extended stays.
2	Price of the room was very reasonable. Kitchenette is equipped with plates, silverware, electric stove and refrigerator. Ice maker did not work. There is no ice maker on hotel premises. I like the hotel towels; they are thick.  The downfall for me is the room had an odor.
3	Ok, so booking a hotel last minute for Vegas for Memorial day weekend was probably not my best idea. So trying to find a hotel on Thursday for Saturday was a little difficult, because as we found the reasonably priced deals through several of the hotel search sites (travelocity, expedia, orbitz, hotels.com, and kayak) they would get swooped up and become unavailable. So I ended up staying at the Candlewood (although from the pictures that I saw and reviews I read, I thought it would be much seedier). The were nicer and larger than I expected. One of the washcloths had a bloodstain on it. Yuck.The power went out for an hour and a half from 3:30 am to 5 am. I wanted to smoke a cigarette in there, but I didn't want my boyfriend waking up freaking out because I was smoking a cigarette and couldn't turn the air on. This also meant I couldn't leave the room with my sleeping boyfriend in it because he sleeps like a rock and no amount of knocking would get him to answer the door for me; power being out means the keycard wouldn't work). Otherwise it was a pleasant stay. Its not too far off strip and there's a strip mall next to it.
4	Stayed here: 09/16 - 09/18-11This is one of the few places that I like to stay off the strip when Vegas is having a "busy" weekend. Busy meaning big concerts, UFC or boxing weekend or else a ton of conventions. And I really don't want to spend 300+ a night for a room since these events hike the prices of the hotel rooms.Candlewood Suites is perfectly fine to me. I have stayed here many times when coming to Vegas. This hotel is close to some pretty good restaurants, Mortons, Buca Di Beppo, Firefly and other restaurants are all walking distance. There's even a Starbucks across the street for some early morning coffee (even though your room comes with a coffee maker and coffee) or even a mid day frapp! Terrible's is across the street for gambling/sportsbetting purposes and Hard Rock is about a 10 minute walk.You can also walk to the strip from here. It will take you about 10-15 minutes.  Or you can wait for the public transportation to come. (which is across the street as well)Sign up for the Priority Club. So that you can get the small perks and rewards. It's very helpful. (Its not much, but this hotel gives you a free soda upon check-in)Everything seemed the same from what I remember. Attentive front desk, friendly staff, small lounge area for your guests to wait for you to come down. (they can enjoy sports  or whatever the staff is watching on the 42 inch flat screen in the waiting area) They also have a small convenient shop (for hotel guests only) This shop includes everything from TV dinners, ice cream, sodas, milk, juices, fruit, toiletries that you may have forgotten on your trip and a good variety of chips to choose from. There is a gym right next to the convenient shop (for those of you who want to work out on your vacation). Pretty descent size. And the pool is in the back of the hotel.The studio suite is always fine to me. Especially since I was just going by myself. Comes with a kitchen, microwave (they give you a nice surprise when you open the microwave (free popcorn!)), small stove, recliner and a comfortable bed. Bathroom is descent. Comes with pantine pro v shampoo and conditioner and their company soap. Showerhead also gave off a good amount of pressure.  Overall I had a good experience. Candlewood Suites is very simple, but yet comfortable and relaxing as well. I would definitely recommend it.
4	For the price and location to the convention center this place is good. Not nice but it is clean.
2	Normally I would have given this hotel 3 stars. The hotel was fine - clean, convenient, and it had a nice gym. However, I am marking it down to 2 stars because of poor customer service by 1 front desk employee named Gwen. She was rude and abrupt. Every time I to deal with her was unpleasant. She even gave me a hard time for asking for a roll of toilet paper! She was never friendly and never smiled. That said, the other employees were all kind and helpful.
3	This is the 1st time that I had stayed in a non-Casino style hotel when I am in Vegas. It was undergoing renovation when I was there in Feb '12 and that does not bother me at all as they put me in a wing that had been newly renovated that is far away from work area. The staffs were helpful and friendly; rooms are clean but the downside it does not comes with breakfast. Come to think about it, most of the hotels on the strip does not serve breakfast as well. The location is not far from the strip (4-5 blocks away) and it has few great restaurants within 1 sq block.
4	Property looks safe... Stayed here for one night.. First time in LV. It's about a 20-25 walk away from the strip :( the rooms are Surprisingly stylish. I was surprise to find a mini kitchen in my room.The staff was friendly.. The lobby is small and very welcoming. I believe check out is at noon- but if you want to check out later at 2pm- just ask if you can become a member- it'll be free.Also, the hallways smell like cigarettes... Even in my room that was non-smoking I could smell the sent. I believe it went up the walls. I'm giving 4 stars because the late checkout was NOT a problem... and everything was clean and new. I probably wouldn't stay here again, just because of how far it is from the strip/
5	I have to say this place is GREAT!!!! The staff is so pleasant and helpful. I checked in for a weeks stay 3 months ago & I haven't left..lol.. I have a bedroom comfy comfy bed & a full kitchen, dishwasher, livingroom, recliner, sofa & desk....2 awesome flat screens....LET ME TELL YOU THIS IS A AWESOME HOME AWAY FROM HOME!!!!!! They treat you so good here. Everything is paid for toiletries & dishsoap.,.,. Maid service once a week.I have everything I need & if not they have it for me to borrow. Blender, Oven so many other thing plus it comes with a VCR/DVR... Redbox down the street....lollove love this place
5	Don't be too off-put by the hallways. The recently updated rooms are not only sharp-looking, but super functional. Unique counter/desk space. Full kitchen, all immaculate. Great staff. No shuttle service, but pretty close to both the airport and the Strip, if you do fly in. Free WiFi and a good TV lineup with combo VHS/DVD player and lending collection, free! Free laundry. Pet friendly. Starbucks across the street and walkable to a variety of nice restaurants. My first choice every time.
4	Nice staff. Near to strip and other activities/ Vegas haunts. Close to airport.  In 2006, the place needed a serious remodel. Here in 2013, it's great. I stayed at orangewood suites in austin, who model themselves on the candlewood hotels, and I was right. They weren't even close! Room is clean walls, carpet good. In room kitchen has all amenities like home, and the quickie mart cupboard downstairs had plenty of choices at reasonable prices too. A for candlewood. :)   Whole property in goodshape. Bad things? Some would say 'off strip' in Vegas is bad. Nearest casino is 'terrible s' kinda like ollllld school Vegas. But right past that, hard rock hotel, and plenty of good food choices around. Steak house, buca's pf changes, Gordon beirscht, some Brazilian place... And a Starbucks.  Recommend this place. Please just don't take my room when I'm in town for convention! :).
4	Very nice rooms. Everything is decorated there as if you were at home, small kitchen but that's all you need, most likely you won't use it anyway. But they have a full size fridge, stove, microwave, toaster, ice trays, can opener, silverware cups plates paper towels, yes all of it. They also have a washer and dryer on site and a pool and jacuzzi pool. Definitely would come back
5	S/O to Candlewood Extended Suites for helping us out when all of LAS VEGAS was sold out.  She went far and beyond the call of duty to help.  Room was nice and we where given a discount on top of that.5 STAR
4	I have nothing negative to say about Candlewood Suites. My husband and I really enjoyed our stayed. We stayed a few months ago in June. I am just now getting around to writing the review. Hotel staff was friendly and fast. The room was spacious (especially the bathroom!) and I love that we had a little kitchen! It meant we could buy some cheap food for breakfast and lunch and just eat at restaurants for dinner. A big money saver! So it really depends on what you want your Vegas experience to be. This is not on the strip, and it is better to drive to your destination from this hotel. If you need to see the lights and have the floor to ceiling windows, and a casino this is not the place. But if  you need a clean decent place to rest your head at night and want to use the kitchen this is a great place. My husband and I already said we would go back. We don't need the extra stuff other hotels offer. This hotel fits our needs.
5	Absolutely thrilled with our stay here!  The studio was perfect for 2 and well-equipped with everything we needed for a weekend stay.  COMFORTABLE bed with cozy sheets and duvet kept us warm during the early Dec cold snap. Pretty close to everything but away from the hustle and noise of the strip. Loved staying in a smoke-free, non-casino venue!  Easy smooth check-in/check-out with friendly staff. Got a great deal online. Learned they allow pets too which puts them at the top of our travel list!
4	The hotel itself is great; the room was very nice (we had a 1-bedroom with a full kitchen (full size refrigerator, microwave, 2 stove top burners (no oven) and a smal sink). There is a coat closet with nice wooden hangers inside, and info for laundering services. You have a table in between the kitchen/living room area with 2 dining chairs and a wheeled desk chair. There is an arm chair in the living room area with the TV, coffee table, and sleeper sofa. In the bedroom was another TV, a built-in desk, another closet with a laundry basket inside for your use, and a very comfy bed. The staff was super friendly. It has a "new hotel" feel to it. They are pet-friendly! No bugs, no weird stains or smells, and everything was in good, working order.  I used a treadmill and a bike machine in the hotel gym down on the first floor. The gym smelled clean and the equipment all worked well. There was even cold water available in the gym, and plenty of clean towels. There is a laundry room available on site, and a snack closet that is a little pricey on some things, but what can you expect in Las Vegas? The only thing that did not make sense to us is that they do not have any exterior security cameras for the parking lot. Our vehicle was broken into and burglarized, and it would have been really helpful to have it on video for the police. It was as if someone knew they were not being watched, because they ransacked the entire bed of the truck (we were in the middle of moving across the country). We do not blame Candlewood Suites for the incident, but wish they would install security cameras. We've stayed at Candlewood Suites in Albuquerque and Little Rock since then, and both of those hotels have had at least external security cameras, if not security personnel actively making rounds.  Anyway, after we reported the burglary to the front desk, they sympathized with us and did what they could per company policy; they took down an approximate financial value of the things that were stolen and our contact info so they could file an incident report and submit it to corporate. We do not wish for Candlewood to pay for any of what happened, but would really like to see them install security cameras for future hotel guests, so that if this happens again, there is at least a better chance of the thieves being caught.
3	I've stayed at Candlewood Suites before and they're generally small, clean, no frills studio rooms and this one is no exception. The rooms here were clean and had a decent sized bathroom, small kitchen with a full size fridge, desk/work area and flatscreen tv. Plenty of towels and toiletries were provided and our brief overnight stay was comfortable. If you need any snacks or supplies while you're staying here, there is a small pantry shop in the lobby, near the front desk. They also have laundry facilities for those planning on longer stays and wanting to do laundry. This place is meant to be an extended stay hotel after all.The check-in and check-out process was ok, while the desk clerks were friendly and polite, it took longer than it should have to check in and then check out the next morning, mainly because there is only 1 clerk on duty at a time, even at 10:30 am when everyone is trying to check out. I waited in line and when it was my turn 10 min later, I was asked to wait while the clerk took care of something, with no explanation or how long he'd be back. If he had only asked me what I needed, I could've told him I was checking out and likely would've been on my way. For that reason I can't give them 5 stars. I would stay here again, especially with some of their great advance rates
4	I stayed at this hotel for the first time this  weekend.  There were 4 of us.  4 girls getting away for the weekend to go see Bruno Mars in concert.  This hotel was off the strip, but it was nice.  Check in and check out was a breeze, very nice staff and very detailed about all the amenities and explanation about the room we were given.  The room was very nice!  We reserved a room with 2 queen beds.  The room was very clean and smelled nice.  The bedding was clean, very clean!!! (I always inspect for hairs, stains with special light and for bed bugs). All was very good!   They gave us a very nice 2 bedroom suite.  The room came with 2 very comfortable beds, 2 flat screens, one for each bedroom, decent size refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, desk, recliner chair which was very comfortable.  Lots of storage space for snacks in the cupboards.  The room also comes equipped with dishes and glasses.  They provide you soap to wash dishes, but u don't have to wash then.  They have a very nice swimming pool and Jacuzzi hit tub spa.  I didn't check out the gym.  The parking lot should be better lit, only a few spaces in areas where there is good lighting.  This Holiday Inn - Candlewood does not have complimentary breakfast, so ur on ur own for breakfast.  Over all, very nice place to stay.  I would definitly stay here again.  Good job!  Keep up the good work, just add breakfast and a better lit parking lot and it would be perfect!!!!,
5	Got this place for $100 on a Saturday night. Close to the strip and plenty of restaurants. I was actually quite surprised on the quality and the accommodations they have here. Nice flat screen tv, comfortable queen bed, full kitchen with pots and utensils, and your typical bathroom. Great place and it's super clean. No smell whatsoever how other hotels reek of cigarette. Overall it's a nice place. Seems really good for a business trip. Free wifi and huge desk inside the room.
