4	The wife and I attended the soft opening today. The restaurant bills itself as French Inspired, but I noticed traditional Italian, Greek, as well as American fare. We started with a delicious Greek salad, full of olives, sweet yellow/red cherry tomato's, and feta. We tried the calamari, tender and succulent. The wife raved about her Seafood Risotto, served with shrimp, mussels, and diver's scallops. I had the osso buco over risotto. Delicious. The meat was tender, moist, and very flavorful. We ended up sharing a slice of ricotta cheesecake. Light and airy. I prefer a dense cheesecake, but all cheesecake is good. Unfortunately the wife and I rarely drink, but our waiter did mention 57 wines being available for service. We hope to return in about a week or so to see if the menu has changed. And we shall see if I can award Bistro 57 a fifth star once we have tried a few more dishes.
5	Initially I had to say I was bummed out that Pasta Cucina had to go because they had great food at great prices, all in a very beautiful restaurant. Well after dining here tonight, I'm like Pasta Cu-watchamacallit?! This new place has an awesome menu, mostly French inspired dishes along with some other things such as pasta as well.Prices are unheard of! The average entree was $10-$15 with the most expensive thing on there being $24. Their sides which include grilled asparagus and haricot verts range from $3-$4. You can't find these prices anywhere else around the Vegas area!I ordered the shepards pie which was huge. Very tasty with nice chunks of carrots, peas and onion. It had the slight taste of red wine which compliments the ground beef so well, all topped with mashed potatoes. There's just something so comforting about eating a meal with a spoon. And all this was only $10!I tried the french onion and my friend ordered the potato leek soup and both were amazing. I'm already torn about which one i'm gonna get next time I'm there. My friend ordered spaghetti bolognese with meatballs. The pasta was perfectly cooked al dente and the sauce had a generous amount of meat. We both are so used to meat sauces not having enough meat so that's why she ordered the meatballs. Next time, we'll know that it won't be necessary because for once we found a place that actually serves up a meaty meat sauce. Go figure, right?To top it all off, we had the marscapone cheesecake that didn't stand a chance against us even though we said we were "full." It was too irresistable. Not as rich and dense as traditional cheesecake but that's what I loved about.Service was awesome, shout out to Skyler! Manager and Chef came by to check on us. They even gave us a complimentary app of garlic bread with marinara that had a huge glob of goat cheese in it. They really are generous here. You are getting way more than your money's worth.I can't wait to come back and try all the other things on the menu which included escargot, a real nicoise salad, beet salad, monte cristo, just to name a few. BTW they are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
5	I've eaten at this place twice now, once at breakfast and once at lunch. Breakfast is 7am-11am, FYI.The breakfast menu isn't large by any means but it has everything you could want. I got the bagel with cream cheese and lox (smoked salmon). The bagel isn't a large one but it's just right. The lox is amazing. It's the best lox I've had on this side of the country and the best I've had since I went to a mom-and-pop bagel shop in NYC. The lox slices are large enough to cover the entirety of the bagel and then some. They also gave a more than ample amount of cream cheese. They also have a scrambled eggs and lox with caramelized onions and toast. It looked and smelled very tasty but I didn't get to have any.For lunch I had the fish and chips. The chips were magnificent and the fish was perfectly cooked in a light breading. The chips had a crispy outside and a potato-y center and cooked just right. I don't know what kind of fish they use but it's probably cod or tilapia.With both breakfast and lunch I had their caramel macchiato. Way better than Starbucks or Coffee Bean! Had just the right mix of flavor between coffee and caramel.The serving sizes aren't small but they're not overly large, either. You'll get a decent full but not too full off the serving sizes.The servers and management are very friendly and provide great service. The prices are some of the best for this style and calibre of restaurant in town. I couldn't recommend giving this place a try at least once!
4	Yum! Came here for lunch. I got the Sarano Ham sandwich, my husband got the shepherd's pie. While both entrees were delicious, the shepherd's pie was to die for!!! I will be back to try out the breakfast. :-)
2	A new restaurant with some of the rough edges showing. I'll give them another shot.
4	This place is just what the Aliante Station needs.  Great food and generous portions at a fair price. The table and seat were dirty and sticky when we arrived but this wasn't discovered until after the stickiness was transferred to our arms and clothing.  The waitress was apologetic and she did her best to clean the table but really it whoever bussed the table should have noticed and taken care of it before we were seated. The escargot appetizer was one of the best I have ever had.  Just the right amount of garlic and mushrooms. The chewy lightly toasted bread was a nice touch.  Fish and chips were made fresh with just the right amount of batter and cooked to perfection.  Apparently the tarter sauce is made fresh also as witnessed by the fact it arrived about 10 minutes after the dish was placed on the table.  The "chips" were a meal and prepared in a way that is hard to describe but incredibly delicious.The osso bucco was decent.  A  generous portion but a little gristly. The flavor was very good but the texture was "different'. The dish was accompanied by mushroom risotto.  I am not a huge fan of risotto and this rendition  didn't change my feelings. The flavor was nice but the mushrooms were a bit chewy.The marscapone cheesecake was incredibly light and full of flavor.  Despite the fact that we were stuffed, we devoured every morsel of this delightful dessert. Overall it was great meal and I intend to be a frequent customer.
5	This was my first time trying their breakfast and just the same as their lunch/dinner, I loved everything!I still can't get over the quality of food at such great prices. We had lox and bagel and it was just outstanding. The lox was good and plentiful but the best part about it was it came with heirloom tomatoes! You shoulda seen how big my eyes got when the server put down the plate. Oh, that yellow tomato tasted as good as it looked. It was so fresh, sweet and delicious--what a pleasant surprise to have heirloom tomatoes with my breakfast! The quiche Lorraine was really good with a perfect, flakey crust. It came with a side of field greens in a simple citrusy dressing.I can't say enough good things about this place. It's the best thing that's happened to NLV. I hope they continue to be able to put out high quality food at these incredible prices for long as they possibly can. I will be back. A lot.
1	Salad had dish soap in it opening weekend. Give them a few months to work out the kinks.
4	The first time my husband and I went he had the shepherd's pie and it was AMAZING. We went back tonight and ordered the shepherd's pie again and was very disappointed. It was still tasty but not as good as the first time we had it. The service was great.
2	Service was as expected. Price was very reasonable. Atmosphere was comfortable and tasteful.That said, the coffee was bitter, the breakfast croissant was very, very greasy and the cheese that was used seemed like processed cheese.  The egg on the croissant had a crusty edge , but yet egg was cooked over medium as requested (pan was too hot). The potato wedges that were served on the side were just as greasy and had almost no seasoning.The french toast w/fruit topping was better, but over cooked for most people. I happen to like it a little on the crunchy side, but few would as the egg starts to scorch and taste bad.
3	Dinner before movie on a friday night. Fish & Chips just sounds fabulous.
1	With respect to Mary P., our experience with this place was quite the opposite.  We went on a Friday night with a craving for Fish and Chips.  The table was clean, good location, no cigarette smell, but we sat, and waited...and waited...and waited.  It was not crowded by any means, busy perhaps, but not crowded.  Finally, our waiter arrived, took our drink order, then we waited...and waited...and, you guessed it, waited.   My martini came a bit warm, and my wife's cosmo tasted as if it had little liquor in it.  I had specified Stoly, and could not be sure it was.  Our waiter was accompanied by a floor manager who asked how everything was...couldn't tell him musch because we had nothing as yet.  When our Fish and Chips finally arrived (shortly after our appetizer-can't recommend the calamari either), I ordered another and asked the waiter to make certain the bartender used Stoly.  A bit of a shorter wait later, our drinks came and lo and behold, the martini was crisp and cold, and the Cosmo tasted like a cocktail.  Draw your own conclusions.  The chips in the Fish and Chips are very thin, and somewhat tasteless.  They quickly become cold and inedible.  The fish was ok, not too much breading, but again, lacking flavor.   The Alliante is clost to our home, but from now on, we'll stick with The Market.
1	I am getting sick and tired of restaurants in this economy that don't know how to treat a customer.  It is not like they are over flowing with customers at best 1/4 filled.  I ordered the Croque Madam  when it came out the egg yolk was ice cold.  I asked the waiter if he could replace the egg.  Rather than just bring out a new sandwich the waiter came out and essentially blamed me and said the cook said that the egg was not cold.  Now I am irritated and ask to speak to the manager, a few minutes later, the so called executive chef comes out and continues to insult me.Don't waste your time with this restaurant, food is sub par the executive chef is clueless and the service is even worse.  They should just close the entire Aliante Casino.  It is one of the worst Casinos to eat at or gamble at.
1	The service was terrible, the food was adequate and we won't be back. There were only a few tables seated but the servers were absent most of the time. It was a horrible experience.
4	We were staying at the Alliante Hotel and decided to try this place for breakfast. Diamond was our greeter both mornings we were there. What a pleasant and efficient gal!Our meal was excellent on both occasions. Hey locals, check this place out if y ou love bagels and lox and all the fixings. $5  Yep, $5 for the whole deal. Are you kidding me?? This has to be the best deal going!Check it out, I know you will like it!
3	Very nice interior design, but I think their menu isn't that great. It is very limited, pricey, and the food quality doesn't live up to the price you pay for your meal. We came in as soon as it opened, and the service was very sluggish. I was always running low on water, and I had to battle for the watress' attention to get a refill (when we were practically the only people there). I ordered their crispy calamari tossed for $8.00. It was mixed with black peppers. It was good, and the gave it a different flavor to the typical calamari appetizer. I also ordered the chicken milanese with arugula salad and asparagus for $14.00. That was ok. The breading on the milanese was indifferent and I only had 4 pieces of asparagus (and I love asparagus). I think my experience was just a one time only deal. I just feel like the service didn't make up for the quality in their food. The hostess seemed confused , on top of being on her phone upon checking in. The manager was nice enough to offer us free dessert, and I thought that was a very nice gesture of him.
1	Is this place is awful! Wow. Haven't had that bad of a meal....ever. Calamari was the worst I've ever had. I managed to choke down my Greek salad but how can you mess that up.
5	Service was top notch. Breakfast was great and to the detail wife had steak and eggs and I had scrambled eggs with toast coffee was very good. Will be backvery friendly and comfortable dinning area
4	Very quick service. Glass was never half empty. Friendly people. Ate the angle hair with basil and added chicken. Needed a little salt but could definitely taste the basil. Plentiful. They also offer a large wine menu. Great ambiance.
1	What a dump!Food was dreadful.They did not even offer a replacement for the pile of mush they described as seafood risottoThe seafood was grilled separately to a rubber weapon consistency and wrapped around the edgeThe Manager was worthless Stay away!
2	We were planning to have a movie and dinner night.  I was also craving for some escargot so we ended up in Aliante.  I was excited to have a French restaurant close to home.  So we ordered escargot and got osso buco.  I was torn between croque monsieur and steak frites because those were some of my favorites when I went to Paris.  The escargot was all sorts of weird.  Escargot only has a few components: snails, garlic, clear butter and sometimes parsley.  Their version had all sorts of garbage: tomatoes, pancetta, creamy butter, mushrooms and yeah, snails.  I was extremely disappointed but I was hoping my entree would be better.Knowing this was at a former Station casino, I decided on getting steak frites because that would be hard to mess up.  Boy, was I wrong!  I like my steak medium rare.  They served me a dry well-done piece of carcass.  I was going to suck it up and eat it anyway but the friend insisted I get the right steak the way I ordered it.The osso buco with risotto was sad-looking.  It was a brown lump of blah with a petrified rosemary twig.  It wasn't as tender as it should be.  We were already done eating by the time I got my second steak.  This time, my beef wasn't extra dead.   The steak frites was edible but not good.  I've never had steak I didn't finish or take home until last night.The service was great.  Our server, Kris, was polite and helpful.  The manager came to our table to apologize for the steak mishap and comped our creme brulee.  If this review was just based on food alone, I'd give them 1 star but they get a bump because of the service.This place used to be an Italian restaurant and should've stayed that way.  Bistro 57 calls itself "European-inspired" but the food was absolutely uninspired.  I wish I could say the food was forgettable because believe me, I'd rather forget I ate here.
3	Bistro 57! A French style restaurant hiding inside Aliante Casino.From reading other reviews, I wasn't expecting too much truthfully...but I had a deal on this place, and decided to check it out!Started off with Escargot:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=snQzDf6YM1lZxRzNbk7NeA#snQzDf6YM1lZxRzNbk7NeAIt's simple with Garlic Butter with Crostini and wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. A little chewier than I've had in the past, and the flavors didn't really pop. Can't really recommend the escargot here.I went with the Osso Buco with Porcini Risotto :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=CSdJmC931Bhq9-chmTcw4A#CSdJmC931Bhq9-chmTcw4AThe Veal is cooked perfectly, and is super tender...just pulled apart with a fork! But the risotto was very heavy...like a mushroom gravy, and was not amazing in my book. It's the first time I've had this dish, so I can't compare...but I thought it was just "ok"Also tried the Grilled New York Steak with Pommes Frites & Arugula Salad :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=ZPAcyYVosejoM01vawZzdQ#ZPAcyYVosejoM01vawZzdQFirst steak came out well done instead of medium rare...second came out perfect. It was a decent steak, but hard to compare to all the great steakhouses in Vegas!And to finish, Creme Brulee of course! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=z0wvnIk0VK4I_oo0yIo9cw#z0wvnIk0VK4I_oo0yIo9cwThe management comped the dessert since the steak was overcooked, and this was a large portion, plenty big for two to share. Yummy!Overall, this place was good but not great. I felt like it was a little spendy for what it is, but since I had the deal here, it was still worth the money. Just can't say I will be back anytime soon
4	We came here for a Free ice coffee and Caramel Macchiato for $1 on a Friday morning. - Avoid the resort fee and get your free Wi-Fi here. - Nice seating. Good place to take a break from it all. - No real complaints about the coffee since it was free. Staying at the hotel, they give you free vouchers for coffee and $2 off specialty coffee drinks. - Starbucks taste better. Needs to be stronger.
2	We were pleasantly surprised by the appearance.  Although we should have been forewarned that on a Sat at 11:30 place was empty!Food was very avg salty tunaCroissant sandwichOJ was a bit tartCoffee was like waterCroissant sandwich was fine. Fruit on the side was sour. Service VERY SLOWHad to ask for breakfast menu
5	I am not a big breakfast eater, but Bistro 57 might just change that.  Today I had the BEST breakfast I have had in years. The Steak and egg breakfast was sublime. The steak;though thin was cooked to perfection and nicely seasoned. The over easy eggs also perfect and the hash browns where a delightful combination of onions, black pepper and a hearty potatoes. Breakfast was also served with toast... ahh the toast.  I am not sure what kind of bread it was but it downright delicious.  The texture was crisp yet chewy with a delightful flavor and consistency. The toast was  perfect for dipping in my over easy eggs and even better with just a smear of jam.I rarely give 5 star ratings, but the food service and atmosphere of Bistro 57 deserve it.
2	We ate breakfast here and my toast was cold, my potatoes were cold, and my hot tea water was barely warm. The only choice of jelly they had was grape and I don't like grape. We are locals and we will not try this place again! I am sure it will probably be out of business soon anyway.
2	Friday night and only 7 tables full. Maybe because what is on the menu is not what they serve. We ordered the appetizer 'Artinasal cheeses with apples, grapes, and assorted crackers' for$12 - received water crackers (no assorted), 4 kinds of cheese (gouda, brie, pepperjack, a soft spreadable cheese), 2 strawberries, raisins, and honey. I could have gone to my local grocery store for this. Rest of the food was average. Not surprised this location has had so many different restaurants.
3	Three and a half stars. A French restaurant in our end of town? Hmmmmm We ate here for breakfast. The prices had obviously went up on the buffet since it's not a stations casino anymore. So we ventured into this place next door. Wow was this ever a pleasant surprise. The eggs Benedict were done to perfection. The croissant was I am sure, baked in house and the potatoes had unique but great flavor. I had tea so I didn't try the coffee .... All this for the price of less than the buffet. This meal was great and a very nice surprise!
5	Family and I enjoyed the appetizers, salad and variety of pizzas.  Server Ben was attentive, personable, and fun.
3	This place is ok! There's nothing that screams out about it.... Nothing too special. The environment is nice and so was the service, but it was missing something and I can't put my finger on it!
5	We were SO impressed with bistro 57! We came here for my birthday dinner, wanting something a little nicer than the buffet for a change. Wasn't sure how it would rate, a lot of places in North Vegas LOOK great but can't back it up with their food. That was NOT the case here! We were seated at a very elegant booth and a great waiter (Brandon?) took really excellent care of us. We ordered two glasses of Merlot, the goat cheese-marinara garlic bread appetizer and some bruschetta to start. Heavenly. BIG portion appetizers, fresh ingredients and beautifully presented. Wow! We followed it up with a lasagna dinner entree. So fresh and flavorful, one of the best lasagnas out there. Our waiter was perfect: not over bearing, not ignoring us....just the perfect level of attentiveness and that made for a perfect dining experience. That's experience for you, it shows. Especially loved that the chef came out into the dining room and greeted each table asking about the food. Nice guy, very genuine! I am coming back often. The food is superb and the service was outstanding. Loved it!
4	My wife and I have been to Bistro 57 before and we've always been happy. Tonight was one of the best meals we've ever had there. My wife and her friend had pan fried sole - cooked to perfection. Both said it was very good. I had the Chicken Milanese - the portion was huge (I brought home almost half of the chicken). The chicken was beautifully sauted. It's pretty easy to over cook a chicken fillet but this was perfect; tender and moist. My wife and I had the pomme frittes and they are a treat (our friend ordered the grilled asparagus so we shared the pomme frittes).I started with French Onion soup just because I like it. It seems easy to make bad French Onion soup - I've had some that's too salty, some that's too bland - so I have to think there's a secret to getting it just right. Bistro 57 knows the secret.The killer, the end to a perfect meal, was the cannoli. Sometime in my long life I must have had a great cannoli because I keep trying them wherever I can find them and I am always disappointed. Not this time. Without a doubt these were the best cannolis ever - crisp shell and the filling was just right.Chef Francesco visited our table a couple of times to make sure we were happy. A very personable man. We were all very impressed with Bistro 57. Chef, who is from Southern Italy, says he's going to try new things. We can hardly wait.
5	Food was spectacular. Mom had the french onion soup and the caprese. Tomatoes were fresh, as was the mozzarella, and it was a good, rich balsamic. I had the caesar saad, whuch was tasty and creamy, and the lasagna, which was creamy and yummy. Service was fast and friendly. Chef came by to make sure everyone was happy. Small but decent wine list. For you locals, this is one casino restaurant you need check out.
5	We are going back to Bistro 57 tonight.   We had a delicious meal 2weeks ago.....pan fried sole which I will order again, with a tasty arugula salad on the side.   We ate in the bar and the service was excellent.  We were especially pleased to meet the chef as he came to our table to check on all of us.  We were excited to hear about some of the new dishes he will be introducing.  We also enjoyed the light dinner music.  We definitely feel that the manager is on top of things and making sure customers are having a a good experience at Bistro.  Keep up the good work Bistro....we enjoy dining with you.  But wish you were open on Tuesday evenings....all the seniors coming out of the movie show could then come dine at Bistro.
4	I haven't had time to write reviews since I moved here a month ago, but I will also say the service my friends and I have been receiving hasn't been the best... until tonight! We stumbled upon Bistro 57 after watching TMNT (great movie btw) and decided to have some drinks and snacks. I was pleased to find out they made their own Caesar dressing and they had a great selection of cured meats and cheese to make your own cheese board! My friends got dessert, which were also pretty good! This place was pretty average but got extra points for service. Laura was probably the best server we've had in Vegas. She was friendly and definitely kept us entertained. We always had drinks filled and she seemed to enjoy making sure we were having a good time. Definitely suggest Bistro 57 as a place to relax and hang out with your friends
1	Ordered drinks and a calamari while we looked over the menu. The server seemed frazzled but worked out the drink order easily enough. While waiting for the food, the chef could be heard yelling at the line cooks. This was the first indication something was wrong. As the manager approached the table next to us, he apologized for the delay in service and promised to comp their desert. This was the second indication things weren't running smoothly. After finishing some cocktails, we ordered a couple glasses of wine, still without our calamari and 15 minutes in. Relaxing became very difficult as the chef continued yelling at the cooks getting louder with each passing minute. About 20 minutes later we see our calamari come out of the kitchen but get delivered to the table next to us. When asking the waiter about the kitchen being slow, he confirmed that our order was delivered to the wrong table. Meanwhile, the table next to us was busy flagging down the manager to get the desert they were promised as he seemed to forget about their comp. After 45 minutes and an empty stomach full of wine, we asked for the check. It was hard to listen to the bumbling idiot of a chef yell orders at people while never actually getting behind the line to help. Also, even after acknowledging the error on the calamari, 15 minutes prior, they still didn't have a new one. Too bad stations doesn't own this place anymore, seems these owners are clueless on how to satisfy a customer. By the way, we also tried to send an email to the Aliante but there is no place to find an email address or spot to let them know on their website.
5	Food is really good and the price is unbelievably cheap for the quality.  Try the seafood risotto!  18 bucks for a saffron seafood risotto with scallops/shrimp/mussels.  You'd pay 46 bucks on the strip easy. The antipasto is good. Best restaurant around Aliante period.
5	I am going to give it 5 stars because its come so far from what it was when Station owned it the wine selection is very good but the food is better.  Its so good its a destination by itself.  The chef seems to be around most of the time and watches everything.The ingredients are first class but the prices are lowWorth the trip to North Las Vegas
5	Went here for the first time before a show. We started out in the bar area for Happy Hour (HH). We ordered all 3 appetizers offered at HH prices (Calamari,  Hummus and Meatball Sliders) plus some drinks.  The food was excellent.  When our table was ready we were seated. Our server was excellent and so was the food. Huge portions too. I don't think I would make a special trip out there to eat but next time I'm at Aliante I'll probably stop by again.
4	This was a nice find!  From an eclectic menu, I opted first for Escargot with Garlic Butter & Crostini, which was an unusual-looking, yet very tasty indented tray of cooked snails with tomatoes, mushrooms, and Garlic Wine Sauce, along with excellent Garlic Bread.  Calamari Fritti was tasty, as well.  And, complimentary doughy bread was very well received.Next up was an excellent cheesy crock of French Onion Soup, followed by a very good large Caesar Salad with creamy Italian Dressing, Romaine Lettuce leaves, cheese, and hard croutons.  Pan Roasted White Fish was moist, delicate, and delicious, served with a small amount of warm Arugula Salad and very tasty Italian Roasted Potatoes.  So were the Fried Potatoes that served as Chips for the Battered Fish & Chips that I also got to sample.Service was quite accommodating and helpful.  Our waiter even offered to make Decaf Iced Tea from scratch for me, and did so.  Live music could be heard from the next room, and booth seating was quite comfortable.  The only discordant note was a real slow kitchen.  A huge break between starters and delivery of entrees almost caused my party of four to miss the start of the movie we came to see at Regal Aliante Stadium 16 located in the same building.A solid 4 stars overall!
4	My daughter gave me a gift certificate for Bistro 57  she won as part of a basket she bid on at a charity auction, and I finally took my boyfriend and went on 9/4.  I have to tell you, one look at the menu and 1. I wasn't sure we'd be able to spend the entire $100 with the average price of an entree under $20; and 2. Normally prices like that would mean mediocre food at best.  We were both extremely surprised when the first thing we ordered, the goat cheese, became one of my favorite appetizers ever....and I've eaten some of the best Las Vegas has to offer.  The rest of the meal followed the same trend in that it was all extremely flavorful, generous portions, and some of the best food in this city.  And we DO have some great food in Vegas.  We asked the waiter, who was new but did an awesome job taking care of us and impressing us with his knowledge of the menu, who the chef was, and he stated the chef had only been there a couple weeks but was determined to shake things up a bit.  I'd say he has succeeded!  I live way down in the southwest part of the Valley, and I will most definitely be driving up to Aliante to visit the Bistro again.  And again.  Kudos to some yummy food in a nice atmosphere at extremely reasonable prices! next time I will meet the chef!
3	After a movie at the Aliante, we ate at Bistro 57.  We got lucky and got there right at 4pm when half price pizza and pasta start  until 6 pm (Weds and Thurs only).  However, we chose lasagne which wasn't on the half price list.  It was good enough and I have no complaint about service.  Was disappointed that no bread or dinner salad was served before the main course.  We had a plate of lasagne and that's all.  Maybe I'm just used to going to 'cheaper' restaurants where the bread and dinner salad just come with the meal.  It's worth a try and I may even go back for on a Weds or Thurs for half price pizza or pasta (which looked mostly like spaghetti).
4	I was reluctant to eat here because the place was empty, but it's actually a great place away from the strip. The waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the dishes and the chef even game out to talk to a neighbor during our dinner. I also loved how honest the waiter was about the dishes. I my mother was going to pick one dish and he flat out said that he didn't like it as much as a different dish and we absolutely agreed. I ordered the Florentine Pizza and she ended up having the Pasta Fra Diavolo. The pasta was delicious. I loved it, but what really impressed me was the pizza. It was simply incredible.
4	Service was great! Food was better than average for money!Large portions!!! Will go back again!!!
3	I used to come here often, when it was Pasta Cucina.  I ordered fish and chips via take out.  It's a full meal, you won't be hungry afterward.  Tartar seems homemade and is good.   The potato chips are also homemade but a bit soggy.   This is nit picky, but they should cut slits in the take out container when packing fried foods to let the steam escape.  If I try different dishes in the future and they are as good, then I'll increase the rating.
