4	Cheap eats @LasVegasHilton Great sandwiches,hotdogs and breakfast.Reasonably priced and made to order.WARNING: the hamburgers are NOT SO GOOD!!BUT...Deli sandwiches are some of the BEST anywhere!!
4	Stopped in here for lunch to grab a quick bite before a college football game on Saturday.  I've been here many times.  On this last visit, I ordered a 6" Italian Sub.You order the Sandwich from the cashier and you receive a number, then a server brings out the order to your table.  Very convenient.  Since it's located next to the SuperBook, there are plenty of Plasma TVs with sporting events and horse racing to keep you distracted while you wait for your food.  There's also a ton of seating, so you'll be sure to find a place to sit unlike many of the sportsbook delis in Vegas.After a short wait our food was ready.  The Meat & toppings were fresh.  This Deli advertises that they use Boar's Head Deli Meats, so that's always a plus....I love Boar's Head products.  Although it was only a 6" Sandwich, it was very filling.Overall, great experience & great service.Will I return?  Of course!
5	Cuban sandwich is soooo AWESOME.  Fresh pork loin and great ham comlimented by the spicy kosher pickles and pressed neatly but stuffed between two halves of a fresh roll!  I would do this one again for sure!!!
3	How u gonna beat $1 dollar dogs and $2 buck beers!!!  those are great prices...but they should give you a cup holder, which they don't have, when you buy 4 or more beers to carry back to your seat in plastic cups....pretty hard to do.  Have to get max 3 drinks and walk back slowly each freakin time...great price...poor planning....duh!!! March madness is busy...so plan for it..shiet thats the least u can do for u...
2	Picked up food from here before they closed on the night on April 26th, 2011.  Sorely disappointed. Ordered the Roast Beef Sandwich Footlong with a Chicken Noodle Soup.  Had to throw the sandwich away because the meat was chewy and smelled weird and the soup was overly salty.  My husband order the chicago dog which he said was good and my parents had the italian sub which they liked.  Couldn't go back and complain about the sandwich or soup because it was already closed and our flight back was the next morning.
4	Their hot subs are really good and almost always order either the grilled chicken or philly cheese steak foot long which is around $10. They have almost everything you need to enjoy the game.  Sandwiches, burgers, pizza, wings, fries, salads,breakfast, drinks, jumbo pretzels.  I don't think they have nachos though.Never noticed this until the other night but they have the best view of the giant screens to watch the games, no strain of looking up or no watching to close or to far. They also have a few TVs in the dining area and might change the channel if you ask nicely and if no one else mines. They're usually fast at getting your food ready even when it's busy. But if the line is flowing out the SuperBook Deli area forget about a quick bite you might be there a bit.
3	I had a decent breakfast burrito here very late night.  The service was kind of slow, but it hit the spot.
3	Hey Yelp, why do you have two listings for the same place?Anyways, was at the LVH late at night and was super hungry so we went looking for someplace to eat. An employee pointed us towards this place which was still open at what I think was like 2am.They have a limited menu after a certain point in the evening but it seems adequate for those craving just something to fill their belly late at night.We each had a breakfast sandwich and some unnecessary onion rings and fries.My sandwich was pretty darn good. The fries were good but the rings weren't that good. I actually think the rings might have made me sick but then again it could've just been the drinking of vegas combined with the late night greasy food fest I decided to have.Regardless, they were open and they were friendly and you can't go wrong with that.
2	Very underacheiving Deli that just doesn't have what it takes to equal their great Sportsbook. The turkey they use is deli meat, not real turkey and the chicken sub I ordered was very mundane. It was a 6 inch chopped chicken with onions and a slice of white cheese melted on top. Despite nobody being in the palce at noon, old man chef could not even grill the chicken pieces to being hot - therefore half the chicken was luke warmn and only the cheese on top was hot and semi-melted. It was $6.95 and no chips, pickles or anything included on the side. No lettuce, tomatoes, sauce , no nothing. They must be afraid to change anything at this place and upgrade to a real deli like other sportsbooks in town. Maybe the new owners will do something over there besides nothing.
1	Mediocre food and TERRIBLE service. The woman who runs food to your table is the ultimate downer. Definitely don't come here on a Sunday around 4:30. I asked the chef behind the counter for Ranch and as he reaches to give it to me, she intercepts and demands 27 cents. Even cheap fast food places give you a complimentary first condiment. LVH Casino must be hurting for cash. Either that or their employees hate their jobs or lives. Either way, it spoiled the whole experience.
2	I wouldn't really call this place a deli, it's a place to pick up something light to eat.  Really too bad they don't have a "real" deli to go along with their sports area.  Not cheap, like every food spot at the LVH, and food so-so.  If you pass McDonalds on the way to the LVH, I'd respectively suggest you stop there rather than here...you won't miss the food and you'll have a plenty more $$ in your pocket.  Too bad, LVH could use a really good sandwich spot...Oh, and they're not open 24 hrs; they're closed 6am to 11am I believe...
3	I was starving after a night out so I asked the front desk where I could find food in the hotel at 5 am. Does this place ever close??I ordered a breakfast burrito with sausage. It came in a nice green tortilla and although it was PACKED WITH GREASE, it was exactly what I needed. Decent prices, not really the friendliest staff, but I wasn't expecting exceptional service at that hour.
1	Slooooooow! 1 person taking orders and 1 person on the grill while being the only place open for food at LVH late night....#Fail
3	This place was actually pretty decent, and satisfied my appetite for a good sandwich.  I had the turkey sandwich and I had no problem with it.  If I'm in this sports book again I will definitely have to try something else because the hot dogs looked good too.
2	I'm STILL waiting for my food as I write this so I can't comment on food quality.I went in on a moderately busy Sunday afternoon. There were three people in line but it still took over five minutes just to order. I was told my cold sandwich would be ready in five minutes. I came back 10 minutes later and has to wait another 10 minutes. Needless to say the speed of service wasn't good.The sandwich was fine. Nothing special but good I guess.
5	Best money ever spent in vegas. Wish I found this earlier in my stay in lvh! Get there before 8 pm closing time. Bought a Italian 12 in sub for $8.95 and double 57 burger for $6.95. Totals to $16 or so, used our $8 hotel go green coupon which can be used for food or beverage, and $2 more from the coupon book for $2 off foot long. We only paid $7 total for both of that. In vegas, this price cannot be beat! If you're staying in lvh, don't pass on these deals!
4	Came here at 2am after clubbing. I got a breakfast burrito and my gf got a burger and fries. The food was good but too bad they don't offer their entire menu during late hours. Also too bad it's located pretty far from the other food places so it was a mission to find. I'll probably be back if we are in Vegas and staying at LVH and are in need of a late night meal.
5	This place is finger licking good!!! I thought it was me last night because I was drunk that it was so good but I came back again the next day and all of us 4 love it amazing sandwiches especially the hot ones yummy!!!!!!!
4	Awesome Cuban and Reuben sandwiches and fries!  Great bottles root beer and fries too!  A nice hidden gem in one of the best if not the best sports book in Vegas!
1	Ordered a hot sandwich......and 28 minutes later and after asking 3x's I finally got it.  Way to long to have to wait for lunch.
1	Horrible service and mediocre food...Waited over 20 minutes for my food and when I finally asked the cashier, the cooks began trying to argue with me saying that my number was called a long time ago. I was standing right in front of them the whole time.
3	I think it was one of the better price options. nothing too fancy i preferred it over paradise cafe because they charged me gratuity even for take out, like wth.  chilli and chicken wrap was pretty good.  I blogged about my Vegas vacation as well if you'd like other tips check it out here http://buff.ly/1n97MBP
4	We been here a couple times now and have always received fresh hot food. The philly cheesesteak and the 57 burger are standouts.They have a soda fountain so you can share drinks. A good value for lunch or a late night snack.
5	Love this place. It's a great place to get a snack and it's in the Sports Book. Everything I've gotten here has been great and the portions are pretty big. The line can be long sometimes, but it just depends on what's going on. They close down about two times within a 24 hour period to clean, so it maybe closed when you go. Just try again.
