3	A friend is doing rehab here.  It's an OK place.  He had to get a bit demanding before they got his gluten free diet into their heads.  Hallways and rooms are clean.  Some of the staff need a bit of customer service education, but there are several I've met who are quite pleasant and efficient.It's hard reviewing a place you'd rather not be.
3	I went here for a one time stop, & I hope I never have to come back. I passionately dislike hospitals. They give off a depressing feeling.Cleanliness:Hospitals are always clean, & they should stay that way.Service(s):The employees could be nicer, but they deal with different attitudes everyday, so I know where they're coming from.They've got antibacterial wall dispensers which are a plus but probably more of a necessity.The waiting time is pretty bad, and it didn't seem like there were a lot of people to wait on/for.The doctor I had was nice and understanding. I'm glad she knew what was ailing me as I was describing my situation.I wish they offered me a sticker..
4	This hospital is now run by another group and has been called Complex Care Center since last August. My husband was there for 25 days in January and February. By and large, the care was decent. The room was cleaned regularly, the staff was friendly, the food was acceptable. They do rehab about an hour a day if the patient is up to it. The rehab staff was very good and accommodated each patients capabilities.  I found the case worker to be very good about following up. Patients families can eat for a reasonable amount everyday except weekends.  There was a small problem and the hospital followed up and corrected the situation. I found that they were anxious to provide good service and listened to complaints. I would recommend Complex Care if you have a complex medical situation and need extended care. I especially liked Dr Pernell who runs the rehab department. I was also happy that I was allowed to bring our dog to visit.  It was a good boost for my husband's mood.
