3	The chicken strips are fresh, juicy and overall good.  I didn't care for the fries, they remind me of the bags of frozen fries you buy in the freezer isle at any grocery store.  The sauce is decent, I didn't even ask if they had alternatives such as ranch, I really hope so for next time.  The sweet tea was good but I feel like it's hard to mess that up anyway.  I think Raising Cane's needs more variety as they are just a bit too simple.
4	We loved Raising Cane's when we visited Vegas and wished we had this place in Phoenix.  Our wish came true! New hot spot, the parking lot was full of RC customers (we had to park across the street @ Olive Garden), chicken is hot and crunchy like we remembered in Vegas location, friendly customer service and friendly & fun atmosphere.  We now wish for a location close to North Scottsdale:) Whenever we are in Phx, we will stop for some yummy RC!
5	What could a name like Raising Cane's possibly be? Well, it proved to be genius when the owner decided to use his dog's name to sell hot, fresh chicken fingers! Its all I think about now.  Having only consumed twice, I can happily say, I am addicted!  The only places I can remotely compare them to here locally are Popeye's, Church's, and KFC.  But honestly, I feel like they are in a separate league.What they offer is uber simple, yet crazy addicting.  Chicken Fingers + Crinkle Fries + Coleslaw + Buttery Toast, wait a second? Buttery Toast? That's right.  And then they pack their "secret" sauce that you must dip into! Its the chicken finger's sidekick!  I mean, can Batman really save Gotham without Robin? Come'on! ;-pThe beauty of their chicken fingers is how the batter is light and thin, yet full of flavor!  I could barely detect any kind of grease!  The chicken meat is perfectly tender! And their "secret" sauce is like a peppery thousand island with other unknown variables!  I personally come for the sauce!Their crinkle fries are some of the best I've ever had, crispy and simply delicious! The coleslaw is average at best but I like how the cabbage is diced into perfect little squares! The sesame toast is lightly buttered and can be enjoyed by itself! Who doesn't like that?!The two times I have dropped by, I always got the Combo Box Meal.  Comes with 4 pieces of chicken, fries, coleslaw, toast, and a soft drink (crushed ice) for $7 and something cents.  Apparently, it's their most popular.Quit thinking about it, go get some! Look for the logo of a dog with shades on.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/52sY8-9al5LJi475nNJkyQ?select=VFGVABajhQN8F2M4suGwdA
4	I love the fact that this place has a simple menu and a very casual and relaxed vibe:  posters of singers from the 70s, a disco mirror ball, very friendly staff members who seem to be having a lot of fun as they work. The chicken fingers are good - light and crunchy, seasoned just right. Crinkle-cut fries were OK, although I wish the Texas toast were a little more garlicky. I'm glad to have this cool addition to the businesses in my neighborhood.
3	My friend had recommended that he enjoyed this place when he was in Vegas.  They finally brought the first franchise location out in the valley. Raising Cane is a paradise for any chicken fingers lover.  There are movie posters all around inside the restaurant and even in the bathroom area.  A disco ball above is rotating and reflecting light beams down while you place your order.  They have plenty of spaces for parking.  The chicken fingers were really crispy, but nothing too special.   I do like the Texas Toast.  As Norm mentioned, I wish it was more garlicky as well.  The coleslaw was far too wet for me.  I think the Cane's sauce was similar to one of Arby's sauce. I so wanted to give them more stars, however there are so many places that have better chicken strips for that price.
4	Best chicken strips I've ever had!  The sauce is SO good!  Fries, bread, coleslaw...was all ok.  The chicken strips is all I'll order next time, and lots of them!
2	Wow. It's not often I give a place less than three stars unless I had a real bad experience there, like shit service, huge wait or a cockroach in the pudding. In this case, I'll make a unique exception because I encountered none of those. Confused? Read on.The wife went here last night and grabbed dinner on the way to meet me and the kid. It's. Just. Chicken. Strips. HOW can you make any sort of chain restaurant based on that? It's bland and literally the most boring meal I've ever had. Just one (SMALL) step up from a glass of water in flavor. Let's break it down: tasteless chicken with breading that makes even Church's, arguably the blandest food in the state, taste passable; shoestring crinkle-cut fries - like Del Taco's but half as thick (why?!); boring coleslaw; boring sauce. Probably the tastiest thing in the box was the soft buttered toast, but hell if I can't make that myself at home, right? It's just so absolutely pointless to go to this place. Go ANYwhere else. Mexican, burger, whatever. I'd rather eat airline food, seriously. I felt like I needed to dip the damn chicken in sulfuric acid in the desperate hope that that could revive my clinically dead tastebuds five minutes into the meal. And chicken strips are ALL they had on the menu, with the sides as mentioned above! I was still vaguely hungry but quit eating my Caniac with half the meal to go, it was THAT un-special. Chick Fil-A is a dozen orders of magnitude better than this place. At least ~they~ have some sort of flavour. Making different kinds of breading available and giving the option for dark (== flavour) meat chicken would go a long way towards getting this place an extra star. Making three, in case you aren't counting. I appreciated the high-rating reviews I read prior to going here - additional reviews from those reviewers will help me profile restaurants I will NEVER eat at and save me a crapload of angst and cash in the future. But take your kids here. They'll love it. It's why I gave it one more star than I was planning to.About a pound of half-eaten meal went into the trash last night. Won't ever happen again. Wife, it wasn't your fault, it was mine. And Yelp's. (presses period key on keyboard at the end of that sentence so hard that the plastic splits)
4	This is a great fast food alternative for chicken lovers.  The chicken has great taste, the sauce is flavorful and has a southern soulful flavor.  Staff is friendly and the coleslaw is not bad either.  The box combo is one of my lunch alternative faves.  This is a great alternative to the usual burger joints.
5	The hubs and I decided to check this place out Friday night. We loaded up the pup and headed off. We always roll through drive thrus and go home to eat. The staff there was sooooo friendly! They even gave our dog a little doggy biscuit, how cool is that! The meal itself was tasty. The breading is like a light crackery crisp yumminess going on. The sauce is great but wish there were other options. The coleslaw was tasty. Hubs went nuts over the bread but I wish it was toasted on both sides. The fries are nothing special, but ok. We really liked this place a lot and will for sure be back!
5	This place is awesome.....food is amazing. The sauce is to die for. The fries are so good and the service is amazing as well. Please go try for yourself. I love this place.
4	PROS: The chicken is good, sauce is ok, crinkle-cut fries are good, the toast I can do without, don't like coleslaw so I can't comment about it.CONS: The portions are small.  For the money, I'd rather have Church's.  Their portions are bigger and just as good.
2	First of all it's right next to the freeway so it's hard to even turn in. Then you get there and there's limited parking cause it's soooo busy. Your options to order are Chicken fingers, chicken fingers and chicken fingers.(I understand it's a finger joint but lets have some other options) I order and the food comes out quick. The fingers aren't  even crispy and the sauce is some weird Thousand Island/Ranch/Peppercorn.Then the fingers are  Non-crispy! So you're saying you cant make the one thing you have on the menu?! So we're sitting at a large table for a little lunch business meeting and the Manager comes up to us and with a snarky tone brings up that we have to pay by the minute. Hahahaha. One of those, "I'm kidding but not kidding" kind of remarks. Crowd was casual biz. Don't recommend it and don't see what the hype is about.
4	All they have here is chicken fingers. That being said, they are pretty good. They are nice and tender. I was not a big fan of the Cane's sauce. To me it tasted like one of the Hamburger Helper sauces. The Texas toast was very tasty as well. I got the Cane's box combo meal which is 3 fingers,fries,a piece of toast, a cup of coleslaw, and a drink. It will run you just over $8. Like I said before pretty tasty overall, as it should be if you specialize in only one type of food. I would recommend it to others. I will go back myselfs as well.
4	Chicken fingers!!! Husband has noticed the sign the past few weeks on his commute, so we decided to try it out. The menu consists of: chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw, Texas toast and a chicken sandwich (which is chicken fingers on a kaiser w/lettuce & sauce). The fingers were awesome - tender, juicy and crispy. The Cane's sauce was good, but I'm not a super fan of it. I usually don't like cafeteria-style fat soggy crinkle fries, but these were thin and crisp - so yum! The "Texas toast" kinda looked (and tasted) like a hot dog bun. It had a weird yeasty/frozen taste, and was not super crunchy. Overall, it's decent, and I will be back.
2	Was not all that impressed.  I have hade better chicken strips from a bar
3	For a while I saw this place being built and finally it opened.  I was excited to finally try it, but I went a while before I actually did.Im a huge fan of anything chicken and I guess I thought this was a wing place before seeing that it was literally all chicken fingers.  Ok, no problem.The food is good.. but nothing blew me away.  I ordered their 4 chicken finger meal, which I guess is very popular.  It came with a side of fries, a piece of garlic bread and some slaw.  My favorite coleslaw is still the one from KFC.  The bread was soft and tasty and the chicken was ok.  The sauce they gave you to dip it in helped.So it was good.  Would I go back? Sure, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	I love chicken fingers, and Cane's does them right! The batter is light and crispy, not greasy, and the chicken is fresh and juicy. Coleslaw has good flavor, fries are hot and crispy. Fresh squeezed lemonade is good, though I like it a little tangier. The sauce is good, a little peppery. I agree with other reviewers that more variety would be good, like a salad or some kind of vegetable. I will definitely be back, because the chicken tenders are really good.
2	Was really hoping to find an alternative to my favorite chicken place as I suffer intense guilt every time I go there due to the fact that our "family values" are not aligned. Unfortunately, Raising Cane was not the answer.There is not a single "healthy" way to order -- seriously, you can't put something GREEN on the menu? Say, a few strips on a bed of lettuce, as an option? It's chicken strips, fries, bread and slaw (optional). Period. The only question is a matter of specific quantities. The chicken was good, but not "as" good and there is ONE type of sauce for dipping, and I do not care for it.  So, I tried but it looks like I'll still be battling my conscience next time I'm craving a chicken sandwich.
4	If you like simple, Raising Cane's is the place to go.  All they serve is chicken strips so do not come here if you are thinking you can get an alternative because you cannot.  I love the flavor of the chicken and I love the crinkle cut fries!  The toast is really good and the Cane's sauce is some of the best I have had!
3	Was kind of excited to check this plcae out. Especially since my kids love chicken fingers and order that wherever we go. Walked in and loved the charm of this place, big posters of Elvis, Beatles, movie posters like Hangover 2, dispecible me... Catchy music blaring and a disco ball hanging over the register area. My kids loved it already, but once we got over all of that and read the small menu I was shocked. I looove chicken fingers, but I just can't believe that's all they had along with fries and cole slaw..that's it ? Really??... we went ahead and ordered, the food was very good,but we really wanted other things than just fries. They need more sides, more choices in dipping sauce. The kids wanted ranch, not the peppery ,tangy sweet sauce they offered. Hubby wanted mashed potatos n' gravy and wasn't crazy about the runny cole slaw, I would have loved some buffalo wing sauce..but all they had was fries, toast, cole slaw and their special sauce. Like I said food was good, atmosphere charming, but no choices in menu. Everyone gets the same thing basiclly. I will be back though, food was good, simple and I know kids will eat it!
4	Not much on the menu but their chicken is good, better than Chick-Fil-A. I got the box combo 4 Chicken Fingers, Fries, Coleslaw, 1 Cane's Sauce, Texas Toast, Regular Drink. I thought they had more sauces but they don't, it's only 1 and it's nasty. It taste like ketchup, black pepper, and mayonnaise all together. Yuk! lol I notice the outside kind of looks like Culver's..
2	I was excited to try the chicken fingers as I had been craving some all day. This was my first time here so I didn't really know what the menu was. Actually thought that the streamlined menu was good. I figured since the menu was simple that everything would be very good. I ordered two "Box" combos. The chicken tenders were tender but had no flavor. How can your signature item be bland. The Texas toast also had no butter or garlic flavor and was barely toasted. The fries were just basic small crinkle cut fries but did not hold any salt on them. The cole slaw was ok but not great. The best part of the meal was the sauce but I really wasn't expecting to have to drown the chicken tenders in sauce to give them flavor.  I had high hopes but was very disappointed.
3	Raising Cane's is has taken Phoenix by Storm with its new locations.  They build from the ground up, so all their locations look the same and thus are brand new and super clean.The food was fair, I was hoping for more of a Chik-fil-a style nugget or stripe, but instead got large strips that were pretty heavy with greasy fried coating.  The price was also high for a fast food value meal. I would drive the extra few miles to hit up a Chik-fil-a vs. going to the Cane's that is closer to my house, but its worth a try just to check out this new chain the valley of the sun.
2	I was hoping this would great but they were not! The chicken was decent but the proportions were small, especially compared to the pictures on the menu. The chicken was a little greasy but I could live with that if everything else was good. Also, their signature sauce was bland, I switched to their only other choice, honey mustard.All in all not worth the effort.  Too expensive for too little. Go to Shanes Shack instead.
2	Chicken is bland, but otherwise, no harm. Texas Toast is hardly toast, no butter or garlic flavor.NO CHEESE!?!  (and ultimately no veggies, but that's really not a problem for me).the rest of the items are decent, but nothing memorable about them.
4	I love me some fried chicken!
4	Once you've raised some Cane's you'll never go anywhere else again!  Amazingly fresh, authentic, and the sauce is terific!
4	I have to laugh at the fact that someone below seemed irritated by the lack of 'healthy' choices. It's a place serving fried chicken. If you want healthy, you started off in the wrong place. Fast food is never healthy, not even when you're ordering a salad. Enough of my rant on common sense from the masses. This place does a very few things and they do them all well. I have been here several times. The chicken, fries, toast and cole slaw are always good. Is it going to send you screaming out to tell all your friends? Probably not. But it's good and their menu is easy to order from. It's also better chicken than you will find at probably 90% of the normal fast food drive-throughs. It's definitely a place I like hitting up when I can and I will continue to do so. I have yet to have anything there that was a turn off.
4	Just thinking about this place makes me drool....somebody hand me a napkin.  They only serve one thing, so if you aren't in the mood for chicken fingers and fries....go elsewhere!  They have a drive-thru window and also a dining area inside.  Clean, casual, excellent food.  Their fries could use a little seasoning but the juicy chicken tenders and their special sauce are AWESOME!!  Special sauce is creamy, looks similar to thousand island but with a little kick to it.  Gotta love this place!  I brought my mom here when she visited from out of state, and she is dying to come back to visit just so she can munch on some more chicken fingers.
5	This is a newer chicken place in town. They server Chicken Fingers, Toast, Fries, and their special Sauce.If anyone has ever been to Lucky Wishbone in Tucson, it very much reminds me of their chicken fingers meal.It is excellent and their homemade lemon aid is to die for. We always have to order extra because we fight over it. Slightly pricy for a fast food place, but you do get the quality you pay for and they have a club called the Caniac Club you can sign up for and get free meals.Whats not to love? As my 2 year old says "Bok Bok Chicky!!!"
2	They do have some good chicken fingers but other than that they are over-rated and over priced.  Their lemonade is excellent but they charge for refills.  Cane sauce was good.Overall, I will not be a repeat customer.
1	I think that was just about the worst meal I ever ate.I ended up throwing half of it away.Yuck
3	I've been wanting to eat here since it opened and had high expectations from the new chicken joint on the block.  I was underwhelmed:The strips themselves seem to be of higher quality than other places but the overall flavor just isn't there.  The fries, cole slaw, and toast are all pretty ok and nothing special.  Standard stuff.  The dipping sauce that some people rave about is also just ok.  It tastes almost like thick Italian dressing and marinara sauce mixed with a hint of ranch.  It is ok at best and is just weird with chicken strips.The price is a bit high.  I got one of the meal deal things and it was almost 10 bucks.  Not horrible but not a stellar value either.On the other hand, the drive through line was pretty fast during the lunch rush and the workers were friendly.  Anyway, the next time I feel like eating a junk-food-heart-attack for lunch I'm going down the street to Churchs.  Just give me some overly fried strips of cheap chicken with some ranch and I'm happy.
5	This place is phenomenal! It took me a long time to go here because they serve chicken fingers. Now I wish I went a long time ago! Service was excellent. Only wish we were closer to it
3	I felt like a little kid eating really good chicken fingers and French fries, there aren't many options here. The staff was super friendly and the stand out item has git to be the buttery Texas toast, the fries are nothing special and the chicken was ok. One dipping sauce per order is a little cheap for the $$ your gonna spend and only one flavor? McDonald's has more options, I suggest you bring your leftover honey mustard and bbq dipping sauce with you when you visit Canes.  P.S.  the sweet tea at McDonald's is way better too, sorry guys.
2	Alright place to go if you want to try some slightly overpriced chicken strips. I ordered the standard box combo and the food was made quickly. (You definitely get your money's worth on the portion-size).The chicken itself is nothing spectacular, I like the strips at Chick-fil-A a lot better. The sauce is unique and I'd definitely try it , though the sample they gave me was a bit watery.
4	Top notch quality chicken strips!  I became a fan after the first yummy sauced chick strip hit my lips!  The closest I can describe their special sauce is a pepper ranch.  The sweet tea is to die for, and the slaw and Texas toast is as good as the rest if not a hair better.  I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful too.  The only reason why I went four and not five stars is grease.  My strips, although delicious, were just a bit greasier than I would have liked.  Overall though I would love to see a  location in Surprise.
4	Pretty dang good fast food chicken.The breading is light and flavorful all fresh from lemonade to Texas toast. I love there signature sauce but not a fan how they charge extra but it's all good in the hood. The service is fast and friendly I feel and I don't mind waiting a little longer for quality over quickness. I still feel chic file has em' beat but Raising Cane's jsut has a different style and more simpliar.
4	A late night, we drove all over town. I sat in the back cramped smoking cigarettes and complaining. Polo seemed miserable, it was the end of the line. The birthday extravaganza had lasted all day, and we ravished restaurants and bars alike, gorging ourselves like a saturnalia, our bacchanal brotherhood of drugs and drink and food had led us to Raising Canes. It seemed appropriate enough a name. We went through the drive-thru and made jokes and weird noises to the attendant who luckily didnt molest our food. We sat in the parking lot and cracked open some tallboys from qt and devoured our chicken. Scott ever the gentlemen shared his with me, and I gotta say; this is a chicken that can easily rival chic-fil-et or howeverthehellyouspellthat. Gays, liberals, floozies, dopers, commies, hippies, beats, drunks, your all welcome at Cane's! It's like the immortal billy joel once said "i'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints".
3	Fast service. Chicken was good for fast food. They don't have ranch which really surprised me. The cane sauce is buttery. They have a drive thru so you can grab and run.
5	the chicken is always kicken!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THE TEXAS TOAST AND CANES SAUCE IS THE BOSS!.juicy crispy always fresh minimal menu simple but kick ass food!!
2	I'm really torn on how to review this place.  I wanted to give it more stars, trust me.  But the more I think about it, the worst I feel.  I mean, this place isn't bad, I just left kind of feeling meh.  Here's why.For starters, I will say I love the service I got here.  The girl behind the counter was friendly, upbeat and really nice.  That's the one thing I liked about this place. Other points, not so much.  The menu here is really limited.  You basically have 4 menu options to choose from. That's it.  No side items, build your own meal, nothing. I'm a girl that likes options, and sometimes I don't want a gigantic meal, just parts of it.  So I went with the smallest order I cound find, which was the 3 chicken strips, fries, drink and Texas toast for $5.99.When the food came out and it wasn't half bad.  I felt like the toast could have been cooked a little longer, even though it was really yummy.  Fries could have been a little crispier, and the chicken wings were pretty good.  Overall, the food was good, and not bad, I just wasn't moved or overly impressed with it as a whole.  Plus, I don't think you can get different dipping sauces, even though their "secret sauce" was quite tasty. What I mean, was I didn't see an option for ranch or bbq sauce on the menu.I wish they had more menu options here. I know you can only cook chicken so many ways, but it would be nice to see a salad, or a la carte type ordering, which they didn't have.  Service was great, and overall not a half bad experience.
5	What can I say.... it's chicken done right! Try the Cane's sauce, it's great! I am officially a Caniac!
2	I  am really sad to have to write this review.  Six months ago I would have given them 5 stars and raved about the food but over the last few months something has changed here.  I don't know if management has changed or who orders the food but we were disappointed in early February by the skimpy chicken, the limp fries and loss of flavor in the coleslaw.  Could have been a bad day, right?  So we went back a couple of weeks ago.  Same thing.  The size of the chicken fingers has drastically been reduced and even the bread is lacking.  It was "shrunken" and limp.  I really hope Raising Cane's will come back to the food we were raving about six months ago.
3	Some of my black friends recommended this place to me (true story, my black friends love chicken), so it's been on my list of "places to check out" for a few months.  Did the drive through thing, got the chicken strip sandwich / fries / lemonade combo.  The chicken strips were moist and crispy, quite tasty.  The Cane sauce had good flavor, but since they wanted to charge me an additional 35 cents for sauce, the sandwich was kind of dry (just chicken, sauce, lettuce & bun).  The fries were crinkle cut, and soggy.  The "fresh squeezed" lemonade tasted like Country Time and the service was less than personable or stellar.  So, if you are JUST going to get some tasty chicken, this place is nice and at least they don't hate gay people.  Outside of that, nothing you need to check out.
2	I really wanted to like this place more. Chicken fingers were excellent. The problem lies in everything else. There are only four choices on the menu and all are just variations of the same thing. No salads and only one sandwich. The french fries are nothing more than the crinkle cut type you find in the frozen food section of any supermarket. I guess the biggest WTF? came when they told me there was only TWO sauce choices for the chicken fingers...their house sauce and honey mustard??? Really? No BBQ? No sweet n sour? No ranch? No buffalo....etc.
4	I would say these are the best chicken fingers I've ever eaten. They were tender and just enough coating. The "secret" sauce had a little kick and was awesome.  The menu is simple so it doesn't take forever to decide what to order and the price is very reasonable.  My husband loves sweet tea and theirs tastes just like what you get in the South.
3	Heard a lot of good things about Raising Cane's but overall I was disappointed.  The chicken strips were good and the coleslaw was tasty, I didn't care for Cane Sauce - Mayo, ketchup, and paprika..too heavy and just not for me.  I also thought the toast was a bit soggy and the crinkle cut fries were limp.The things I do like about Cane;s don't have much to do with the food, the restaurant is named after the owner's dog and they support local animal welfare groups. They also support education and hunger programs and a variety of other community initiatives.I will return for the chicken strips because they are very good, I'll just skip the sauce and take them home and dip them in a sauce I like.
2	I don't understand why this place is so popular, they only have chicken strips and a chicken sandwich on the menu and they are nothing special.  I could get chicken strips anywhere.  They don't do anything special to them to make them any better then something I can get in the frozen food isle of the grocery store.  I could see small kids liking this place and that is all there really is to say about the place.  It's not like they even offer different breadings for the chicken strips.  It's all pre-made frozen garbage if you ask me.  If you really like this place, you either like very bland food or are a very picky eater.
4	Yum, yum, yum!!!Tasty chicken fingers, fries and Texas Toast along with delicious dipping sauce.Fast and friendly service. My whole family likes going to Cane's, so what more can I say.If you want something different than the normal burgers and fries, Raising Cane's is a great choice.Enjoy!
4	The freshest
3	OK, so I had to try the concept eventually.  It certainly isn't the only chain to work with a very limited menu.  The food was ok.  The service was pleasant.  Enough people must like the place as noon was approaching it got pretty full and there was also take out orders.  If chicken was what I had in mind and I was close I would go again.  But I would not drive across town.
5	First off, i think there are only two things i think cane's should better, One is to clarify itself better. It seems alot of people are confused/disappointed that the menu is small. Think of cane's as less of a restaurant and more of a chicken finger stand.Second thing is my one complaint, the fries can easily become soggy. I always get it to go and they put it in a styrofoam container. Then they put it in a plastic bag. They are on the soft side of fries to start with, but that combination traps all of the moisture and just makes them some of the worst fries. I always take the box out of the bag and pop the lid. Not really a solution if you're driving too far as they'll be cold quick, but works for me. The other comment i saw that i have to comment on, is that you can get chicken fingers anywhere. Good luck with that, because i have tried. Getting older and "trying" to eat healthier, i kicked red meat down to two days a week, but i'm a man, therefore i must have meat.... or else. So, I have gotten chicken tenders from just about every fast food joint in town and only a few places stand up to theirs.Also, the cane's sauce is good, but i eat mine with Stubbs Sweet Heat BBQ sauce and some Sriracha.
3	I'll be honest. I like my chicken to taste dead... Meaning dry! This is a juicy chicken that many would rave about. Fair warning: there's no real vegetarian meal options here!
4	They don't advertise it, but they also have a honey mustard sauce if you don't like the regular sauce.  Just ask for it.  It's good :)
1	I personally think this place is overrated. The chicken fingers are at the most..average. The fries are blah. Coleslaw is fair. Bread is something that I would just as soon toss,than eat. I really can't understand the hype about this place. I was really disappointed.
5	Where do I start?  Canes sauce....Freaking yummy!!!  Texas Toast...YUMMY...  and the chicken so moist and juicy, not greasy or or nasty.  I cannot wait until the one on the West side of town is finished so we can eat it more often.  Wish they had a few more options on the menu but in all..most of my family love chicken and fries.  Thanks Canes!
3	Meh. It was decent. The chicken was good. I didn't understand the Texas toast? It wasn't great. The crinkle cut fries looked like the kind you buy frozen at the grocery store. Luckily they tasted pretty good. Someone begged us to go here saying it was better than Chik-fil-A. Uh, no. Not at all. But it was still pretty good. Oh, the sauce was amazingly good! Props for that. And my husband's cole slaw was good. Not sure I would make the drive again though.
2	If you are reading about Raising Cane's, chances are that you have been here already, or know they are known for their amazingly fresh and crispy delicious chicken tenders and secret Cane's sauce.  This review is for those who think fries and a tasty slice of Texas toast is too much to handle with your tenders.  Every time i get gas at QT i hit the drive thru and order just 3 tenders and 1 Cane's sauce, and it satisfies.Update: got soggy strips last time, they said my next meal was on them, they replaced the strips but charged me for the sauces because they said I didn't claim there was anything wrong with them previously, past couple times I came, I was nickel and dimed for an ice water in the drive thru. Was
4	Love this place but they are a little overpriced!!! The sauce is what makes the chicken taste even better! Raising canes is fab. 4 stars due to prices!
5	Holy crap. I have never had more delicious chicken fingers in my life. And the sauce! Not to mention the bread! It's dangerous that this place is right next to where I work!
3	Good chicken fingers, but a whole reataurant dedicated to them? Hard to believe but true.  The sauces are tasty and they do sanwiches with. The fingers too. Its just, how many times a week can you eat chicken fingers? I mean, its not PIZZA!
3	I had been meaning to try Raising Canes for a while..alot of hype around it.What I found out....The staff is fun and friendly..the place has a gimmick and thats its selling point.The food, not great, but definitely not awful. I would say you HAVE to want chicken tenders to want to go to RC.Lastly I have to say the place is overall a disappointment, its a spot for a young crowd but the food doesnt live up to the hype. I prefer Churches!
1	Chicken fingers are small and taste ok. Not as crispy as they look in the pictures. They only have one sauce, which is weird for a place that sells chicken fingers. Texas toast tastes pretty bland, coleslaw was gross. French fries were pretty standard. Staff was great though, even though the atmosphere was loud, they yell out your name like a kindergarten teacher taking roll call over a loud class.No variety on the menu, just chicken fingers.  So if you and each one of your friends are craving only chicken fingers with only Canes special sauce then this is the place for you. As for me, I'll stick to the 100 other restaurants that have more options, AND chicken fingers.
4	First time going here last night :) my friends recommend it so why not. I tried the finger sandwich toasted combo. It was amazing bread was good, the fingers were delicious, fries were on point, but I love their special sauce the most! Only reason I'm giving it a 4 star is because the employees were cleaning around me when I was eating the whole time -.- and they wanted to charge me for a refill! In the end I like it and most definitely will be going back to Cane's.
5	Raising Canes is awesome! Just got back home from swinging by after the wife was craving it and of course I'll never pass down some good chicken haha. Ended up going back a mile and some change just so we could pick up a Carniac combo w/ the best Mug Rootbeer. The atmosphere is laid back and staff have never been rude in anyway, prices are pretty good too, definitely a place worthwhile!
4	Food is awesome. Service is good. Watch the overspray when they are cleaning tables around you. Just a little too happy with the spray bottle.
5	We got addicted to this place when we were working in Vegas for a few months so my husband and I were stoked when we spotted this location.  The service was exceptional as all raising canes experiences for us have been, the chicken is hot and juicy, the Cane's sauce yummy, and the sweet tea perfection!!! Wish they would open in California!
2	If a fast-food restaurant only serves chicken fingers, I would have thought that it would serve the greatest fast-food chicken fingers I have ever consumed.  I thought wrong.  Very wrong.  The food that I ate left me pondering the mystery of how Raising Cane's has such a hardcore fan base.I tried the 3 finger combo.  3 chicken fingers, fries, a slice of texas toast and a drink.  I'll start with the good.The texas toast.It's a massive piece of fluffy white bread covered in butter.  The bread is so soft that it could be used comfortably as a pillow.  But, I wouldn't recommend that because you could choke to death by accidentally eating said delicious texas toast pillow in your sleep.The bad.Everything else in the box.I appreciate that the chicken wasn't greasy, but it certainly wasn't crispy.  The actual meat was dry and the breading was severely under seasoned.  And whatever that Cane's sauce is supposed be, it's disgusting.  It's some sort of a barbecue sauce and ranch dressing mixture that tastes like an unidentifiable somewhat smokey, somewhat spicy, creamy mix of blandness.  It really doesn't say much when the specialty (and only) sauce a restaurant serves makes its underwhelming main dish taste even worse.  Or maybe that says a lot.  The fries were just standard.Considering chicken fingers are all that's on the menu, I don't see any reason why I would return to this or any other Raising Cane's.  If for some bizarre reason I end up eating at a Raising Cane's again, I'll just order 10 slices of texas toast and call it a day.
4	Interesting concept, only service chicken tenders, but they are good!
5	Great service, great chicken and a different sauce. I like that they keep it simple so it's easy to get a group order together for work or whatever. The people are always friendly and professional. The food is ALWAYS fresh and not just sitting in some hot box for hours waiting for a customer. It may take a little longer to get but it's worth it. This place is how I'd imagine chicken fingers would be made if In 'n Out did them.
4	Fantastic chicken strips!  The Texas toast is good.  Fries could be crispier...  The Cane's sauce is GREAT.  This place is BUSY!  And the decor is pretty cool  We ate in and my god daughter was excited because cute boys were sitting behind us... LOL!
3	I had my first experience with Raising Cane's today.  I got the Three Finger Meal and, for fast food, it was pretty good.  The breeding on the chicken was not overdone and, although not very seasoned, tasted pretty good.  They serve crinkle cut fries here, which I'm not usually a fan of but were actually decent.  The meal also came with Texas toast which basically was like a grilled half of a hot dog bun.  It was ok, if a bit of a gimmick.  The meal stood fine on its own without the extra carbs of the bread.  Lastly, the fresh squeezed lemonade was good.  Not overly sweet.  I guess the thing I liked best was the atmosphere.  The staff was friendly and the service was quick.  The location I ate at is pretty new so they may still be in the honeymoon stage, but I'd definitely return should I get a craving for chicken fingers again.
5	Best chicken fingers ever. The crispy outside is flavorful, and the chicken on the inside is tasty and moist. Not only are the fingers good, but the rest of the meal is just as amazing. The combination of fries and lightly toasted bread paired with the canes sauce is heaven in your mouth. Now the drink-- I am in love with their sweet tea, but if you don't like your tea super sweet, then I don't recommend it. And just as the icing on the cake, the service is friendly and even came around to ask how we were doing. Not too shabby for a "fast food" joint. Highly recommend!
5	Chicken strips were delicious! Fresh, crunchy, non greasy, & hot! Sauce was light & tasty. Fries were great! Not too salty, little crunch on outside & soft inside. Cool environment, completely friendly & attentive. Great first experience. Staff came to check on us an was knowledgeable about food.
3	Food isn't that good. Don't know why people love it so much. The customer service is okay but they are quite and don't really talk. My favorite thing is the ice tea wow it's amazing! But other then that it's cool. An upgraded KFC with not  a lot of stuff on the menu.
4	KFC move aside!If you're looking for some really tasty non-greasy fried chicken, then look no further as this is the place to come.  Be warned though they only serve chicken fingers!The place can be a little crowded as it was on the weekend we visited so you may have to wait for a seat to open up if you're looking to dine in.  Alternatively you can choose the drive through but that line was long.  The restaurant was clean, well lit, and spacious though there wasn't a lot of space between some of the tables/chairs.Service was fast and the menu was very simple which I'm in favor of!  Ordered the 3-piece basket and a lemonade.  The lemonade wasn't too sweet but cool, refreshing and tasted as if it was fresh squeezed.The fries was plentiful and was shared.  The basket comes with a slice of buttered toast similar to Texas Toast which was soft, chewy and practically melted in your mouth.The chicken tenders was well seasoned, crispy, not greasy, tasty, juicy but what really stands out is that it was light.  It's filling but you don't feel that overstuffed after eating them.I really like the simplified menu, the lemonade drinks, and the chicken tenders which is definitely a draw for me to be back here!
4	I love their chicken it so good with the cold slaw and garlic bread it's so good you have to try it
2	Last week we went to Raising Cane's for the first time. It was pretty much a disappointment all the way around. The Texas toast was decent but the star of the show, the chicken fingers, were bland. I wasn't a fan at all. You Have To use the sauce they provide in order to get Any flavor.We ordered the Caniac Combo and specified, No Fry's, Double Cole Slaw. The person on the speaker repeated the order correctly and the order was repeated correctly again at the pay window. The food was picked up and we drove away. Double Fry's, No Coleslaw. FML.... I hear there's a movement around the country for fast food workers to make $15 an hour. Thing's that make you go Hmmm... I digress.
2	Possibly the first AND last time here.  I had read about this place and thought that it was a cool concept....do one thing and do one thing well (chicken fingers).  I decided to stop here on my way down to the game.  I went through the drive through and placed my order.  I ordered "The Box Combo" which included 4 chicken strips, cole slaw, fries and a drink.  The price wasn't bad (under $7.00) and it sounded like it would be fantastic.  The drive through line took at least 10 minutes before I got my food.  Once I did get the goods, I pulled over, parked and dug in.  Here is how the food was............Chicken Strips-  Meh!  The strips were a decent size but there were a couple of things working against them.     #1.  These things were WAY too hot.  I appreciate freshly made food but maybe you might want to let that shit sit for a minute and drain or something.  These were so hot you couldn't even eat them without burning your mouth.  Even after mouth breathing/cooling and sitting there for 10 minutes, my last strip was as scorching as the first!    #2.  I really didn't like the breading.  It is a really thin coating that is just a bit greasy.  The breading was kind of falling off in pieces and just seemed a bit "off".     #3.  The taste of these things.  They were super duper plain jane.  It seemed like they could use a ton more seasoning and really didn't have any flavor.  The dipping sauce helped, but still didn't make up for the fact that these strips looked good but had no taste.  Were they the nastiest things I have ever had?  No.  Can I make just as good or better chicken strips at home?  Yep!  This is their niche and unfortunately I didn't think they were anything special.  I much prefer Popeyes strips...at least they have flavor!Fries-  Standard crinkle cut fries.  They were ok.  Crispy but needed some more salt.Cole Slaw- Didn't try it.Texas Toast-  This was the best part of the meal.  Kind of reminded me of Sizzlers cheese toast but lesser quality (That is one thing Sizzler does better than anyone else....cheese toast.)  If I could have traded my fries and/or slaw for another slice, I would have done it.Soda- Coke Zero tasted a little "off".  I have had a few instances so far in Phoenix where fountain soda has tasted weird.  Don't know what it is but Raising Cane's Coke Zero is in the same boat.Sauce- Their sauce is a mayo based sauce...I took a tiny taste and didn't like it.  I did pay extra to get some honey mustard.  Their honey mustard sauce is actually pretty good.Service in the drive through was friendly.  Slow but friendly.  I personally probably won't come back but I can see myself ending up here eventually...my wife loves chicken strips and I'm sure she will want to try this place out and I will be forced here with her.  Meh, right?  We shall see................
4	My son hipped me to this place when I went to visit him in Vegas.  I thought it was really good not to mention a great idea.  We were all really happy when we learned that Cane's Plaza and restaurant was opening.   The selection is limited but the chicken strips are tasty.  The boxes come with cole slaw (or not - depending on the size) and fries.  The toast is awesome and so is the seweet tea.
2	Man I was super excited to get some Raising Cane's chicken fingers since I've only ever had them in Vegas before.  Saw some lower ratings for this one, but I've been to like six different ones and they've all been good.However, this one was not up to par.  Staff was fine, but the fingers were not juicy and crisp but felt like they were over cooked and dry (maybe the fryer temp is too high?).  Same for the fries which were too well done (and typically I would rather have slightly overcooked than undercooked fries).  Then the toast was a bit too mushy and didn't have that crispy buttered side while staying firm but spongy on the non-toasted side.  At least the sauce was still the same :) Since I'm not in this part of PHX often, I'll hope the one I hit up tomorrow is better or just go to Raising Cane's in Vegas...
5	First time here. Super friendly staff! Fun place to eat. Menu was simple, but delicious! Sauce is an awesome creation ;) We will be back!
4	I love that I can order honey mustard bc Cane's sauce is overrated.  The chicken is amazing though.  I am not a fan of chicken fingers usually but when I'm in this area I'm always happy to stop in.  Juicy, fresh chicken with delicious coleslaw, toast & fries this place is great.
4	Chicken was very moist and extremely hot. I got the six piece combo, the hubby got the chicken sandwich. The chicken was good and fries as well. I was told the toast was good but I personally didn't care for it. I personally didn't care for the Special Cane sauce. It was so bland, it tasted like buttermilk with some specks of pepper in it.  All in all the food was great and would come again but next time I'll share a combo. The Service was also great and super helpful.
