5	THIS IS A REPEAT REVIEW...I JUST WANTED BOTH LOCATIONS TO GET COVERED......THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!!!  WELL, AS HARD AS A TURKEY/CHICKEN PLACE CAN ROCK!!!I wasn't sure what to have for lunch today, and I remembered I was close to one of the only remaining Farm Baskets in Vegas.  I guess I mentioned it out loud and my co-worker Angie got all excited....Angie : "OH MY GAWD Y'ALL!  Do you go there ( Farm Basket ) for Cluckeeto Tuesdays?!?"Me :  "No Angie, what's that?"Angie :  "Ya'll can git 3 Cluckeeto's for $2.  But they don't come with sour cream, just cheese."That was all I needed to hear. Farm Basket was all over Vegas when I was a kid.  They were even inside Pizza Inn, but, alas Pizza Inn is gone too.  But, fortunately 2 Farm Basket locations survived over the decades.Farm Basket is a true "fast food" treat.  Best known for the "Gobbler"  ( a piece of breaded fried turkey breast served on a long roll with cranberry sauce and Miracle Whip.....oh mama!)  and best known by me for their fantastic turkey fat fried and salted french fries.  (YUMMMY!!!)So....I had a Gobbler, some French Fries, and a few Cluckeetos.  I'm full....MUST...TAKE....NAP!!! Zzzzzz. ( See that means I fell asleep.)
5	They claim to be the very first drive thru, but I cannot verify this. What I can verify is that no other fast food chicken sandwich compares to Farm Basket's Clucker. I can honestly tell you that once you try one, if you haven't already, you WILL be addicted, so proceed with caution. I don't know how many are left in Las Vegas, but the one Farm Basket that I go to is on Tropicana, and it is a little ray of sunshine on this otherwise regular street. The Clucker meal is a chicken sandwich, fries (with the best seasoning I have ever had) and a drink. The sandwich comes with miracle whip mayo, and a side of cranberry sauce. It is fried outside, and juicy and tender inside. I really didn't think I could fall in love with food, but guess what, I did. My boyfriend is jealous, but I can't help myself. They also offer the Gobbler, which is a turkey sandwich, and it's tasty, but not as great as the Clucker. If you are super hungry, they have buttery corn of the cob, and lemon butter biscuits...Enough to clog the healthiest of arteries, but worth it. For a place that only offers chicken and turkey, Farm Basket knows what it takes to create the perfect chicken sandwich...Recommended meal: The Super Clucker Special, supersized, for super satisfaction!Recommended side: The lemon butter biscuits. So so so sticky, so keep some handy wipes nearby...
5	I loved this place. Unfortunately it closed down. Some Burrito joint is opening up in it's place. Too bad. Now the nearest one is on Charleston. unless they closed down too.
