5	This is a Golfer's dream store.  It has everything....Irons, Woods, Drivers, Used Clubs, Professional Instruction, Club Fitting, Club Regripping & Repair, Indoor Hitting Mats to tryout clubs, Clothes, Accessories, Golf Balls, Putters....did I forget anything?!I came here recently to pick up some Golf Balls and other supplies.  I always browse the used golf clubs area for Wedges or Drivers that might catch my eye.  I saw a few Ping G15 Drivers, but they were still a bit expensive for what I was looking for ($247 - $299)....I'll wait until they're in the low $100's.It's always a great shopping experience there.  I started to put together my Christmas Wish-List....ha!Will I return?  Hell yeah!
3	The store almost has it all.No puma clothing and only one choice for cobra hat. So i wasnt able to spend my gift cards, they also dont stock the tour callaway glove. Maybe i should rate it lower.It is a cool store though and they have tons of other things.
5	Anytime I have the opportunity to make a trip to Golf Galaxy (GG), it is guaranteed that I'll take advantage :)My recent 1st trip to the store thanks to a gift card I received for a birthday netted (all puns intended) me a great new set of Ping G15's, a Cleveland driver & a new stand bag thanks to the awesome mailer coupons. This place is awesome!GG is your one stop shop for all things golf and it is a golfer's playground off of the course. Great display stands giving access to all of the latest & greatest clubs, accessories & apparel. My favorite area, as I'm sure is everyone other golfer's, is the golf simulator where you can test out a club or two to get a feel for your new wish list item. Right next door to the simulator is the fitting area and this is where it gets good. If you're in the market to get a new set of clubs, getting fitted is a must and the guys at GG take their time to get it right. No appointment needed, just make sure you know what you want and let the pros do the rest. Swing your irons to get the right club face angle for your swing. They let me walk my swing in until I got it just right.  It was  good to know that they were making sure that my clubs were perfect for me.  Couple that with the swing technology to measure ball spin, distance, direction of shot, speed, etc and average it all out to make sure your clubs are doing what they're supposed to. My GG associate even recommended a different driver based on performance that actually saved me $100.  That said a lot to me and ensured I'd be back for all my future new club needs.Besides that, the store feels brand new and the products are all top of the line. I guess price is always relative to what someone can spend, but for me, I was able to get max value for my purchase thanks to the helpful staff and the cost saving coupons for being a store card holder.And the measure of any good business is how the people who work for it treat their customers.  My buddy and I actually went in the 1st time to take a look around and had a helpful associate get us some swing time in the simulator. The 2nd trip back in a few hours later had the register associate remember us and welcome us back and then had the store manager and an associate help get my new clubs fitted, clear up a few coupon questions and put in 2 custom orders for items that needed to be shipped in.  At the end of the day, they made my purchase feel 10x the price I paid and you can't get any better than that.Thanks GG and see you soon!
4	I've been to a million golf stores. Seriously maybe a million.Galaxy's have basically everything you can imagine. New iron sets, new drivers, woods, and hybrids, a hundred varieties of balls, a nice big selection of putters and wedges, full sets of clubs w/ bag, gloves, hats and accessories, mens and womens clothes and shoes, clubmaking supplies and all the tools necessary, etc.I went in to look around, because it's next to the guitar center my girl went into. I'm less than interested in going into a guitar store so I went to the galaxy and started my perusing.Nothing really got me excited, I have nice clubs and all the accessories I need, but something I wanted to look at was clubmaking supplies. I needed some grip tape so I bought a big roll of the 2" tape for $6.99 and I bought a squirt bottle ($1.99) for my can of mineral spirits at home. I have the two grips I want to change already so I didn't need to buy those. (putter grips average around $7-12 a piece and club grips average about the same depending on the material and the name brand you choose) We walked around the store looking at all the prices of everything they have, they all seemed pretty standard retail prices but maybe just a touch lower than other prices I've seen. One small thing they could improve on is their selection of used clubs, it's mostly junk and the prices are a little high considering how the new clubs are priced. I saw a couple different clubs that were just beat to hell and still had a pretty high price. There were two sets of (very) used mizuno irons on the rack, and they looked like they were in play for 3+ years and the grooves were bad and they looked like they were played out of the desert on about every other hole and the price tag was still $300+. That same set on ebay would go for about 125-175 max! Overall, my experience was very good, spent less than 10 bucks and was in and out in about 15 mins after browsing for a little bit. Solid 4 stars. If I'm in the area I might swing back by and see the new clubs.
5	Golf Galaxy to me is "The Happiest Place on Earth," because of the friendly and helpful staff, the large selection of new sets of clubs, simulator and retail.  Never get tired of just checking and swinging the newest club on the market.  John Skaggs, the PGA Pro on staff is execellant, if you need a lesson or just a fine tune.  If you want to upgrade your clubs, they take trade-ins at fair market rate too.
2	I have mix reviews about this place. The first time I went in to this place I was blown away , this place is amazing , you can get lost in all the equipment that they have. I was in there looking for a new set of irons. Now it's been bout two years since the last time I played so I was a bit intimidated bout asking for help. I older gentmen came up to me and ask how he can help me. I told him my situation and he was very helpful answered all. My questions and showed me different sets that I might like. Then he let me hit a few with each set and made sure I was happy with the one I decided on. He was very helpful and made me feel excited to play the game again..So a few days later I decided to come back and buy a new driver and fairway woods just to complete my set. I'm not sure why but I receive the worst customer service I have ever gotten. I was treated like I didn't belong in that store. I was ignored my all of the employees. The gentlemen that helped me the first time was not there so I couldn't go back to him. So I decided to man up and ask for help. I had to flag someone down and when I finally got someones attention , that attitude the employee gave me was atrocious. He made me feel like I was wasting his time.  I told what I was looking for and the answer I got was shocking. When I told him I was looking for a new driver and woods the employee rolled his eyes then just point and the drivers and woods. " that's a driver , that a driver and those over there are your woods" then walked away. I was very offended by this. I feel like if I went in wearing the same attire ( collar shirt , dress pants and shoes) I would of gotten the same service as the first time a came in to the store. Please people its 2012 let's stop being so judgemental. Just because someone is wearing a hoodie and shorts doesn't mean they don't have money to spend and doesn't deserve to be respected.
4	Great place to tryout new clubs.  Service is friendly and helpful.  Prices are always wonderful, but love the coupons for free golf balls or $10 vouchers in the mail.  Good place to get your clubs tuned and fitted.  Beats going to pay for the range.
5	The clerk are all nice and easy to find what you are lookingYou can try every clubs in the fitting area before you buy.
4	GG has to be my favorite golf store. The customer service is top notch and friendly; unlike your backswing! They are helpful and not pushy. I feel like their prices are very competitive and all they do is golf. While other sports stores and chains have some stuff, GG has ALL of it! So hit your birdie shot and head on over. I like them for shoes and clothes. But they have everything else under the sun, too.
4	Would totally give this place more stars if they actually had a store credit card lol! People would go nuts in this place!!! On the other hand they have all the clubs you could imagine, they will size, fit , and grip all your clubs for you. Great selection of clothes, gloves, and bags as well. They even have an on site instructor and golf simulator. Great store for avid golfers!!!!
4	Great place to get proffessional advise on your equipment and swing. I really love there promotions and you can even trade in older clubs for a very fair price!
4	Golf Galaxy is always nice, clean and new.  I'm always amazed by the gigantic glass doors as you enter the store.  I don't know why. haha  You pretty much know what to expect when you go there....a mixture of retirees and young yuppie guys with polo golf shirts. haha  I came here yesterday to get a box of golf balls for the BF for a belated Father's Day present.   I was approached right away by an older gentleman who asked if I needed some help.  I did need help actually because I just needed to know the difference between the Titlest ProV balls versus the Titlest ProV X balls.  After he spoke all kinds of golf jibberish to me I decided on a box (basically guessing what I thought would be best). LOL  I headed to the cashier and a young guy cashed me out.  They have a rewards program that I was able to put my BF's phone number in for him to get credit for the purchase.  Win win!  $50 later and I was on my way.  Always a good experience here....everyone is always nice and helpful.Side note:  My daughter and I wrote all kinds of nice fathers day things on each of the balls in the box and wrapped it.  It was a big hit.   ;)
3	I went in to buy a new putter; I am a casual golf player, I play maybe twice a year.The salesman saw the one I liked, and he showed me the same model in the used section that looked like it was in new condition.  I appreciated the fact that he showed me the used one because I am still very new to gold and do not want to spend a fortune on nicer clubs, but I also am past beginner sets.The problem I have with this place is that there were signs stating the clothing was buy one, get another 50% off.  I picked up a few items and went to pay, but the cashier told me that the sale only applied to a few brands, not the brand I selected.  I did not argue because I had shopped on Amazon and new that even with the sale price I thought I was getting, Amazon was a little cheaper, I would just have to wait for delivery.  She said that the signs and the system were not always in sync.This place is great if you know what you want, just do your shopping first and make sure you are comfortable with the price.
2	We are limited with golf stores in Las Vegas , this store does not ever stock shit. Limited in styles and sizes
4	Their resident PGA Pro is a great guy with awesome knowledge and enthusiasm. There is a huge drop off in ability and attitude when dealing with anyone else in the store. I would rate five stars solely on the Pro but he is not always available and without him I'd be at 3 stars or less. Ended up buying my clubs from their online store which offered additional discounts and selection but I found it helpful visiting the store first and overall it was a positive experience.
4	I had my grips changed here on my golf clubs. I brought my own grips with me, because I ordered the JumboMAX grips online. The charged me $3 per club to install the new grips. The guy installing the grips was very busy so I had to leave the clubs there, but he changed the grips on a few of the clubs while I waited so I could go to the range that day. That was very nice of him to do so. I picked up the rest of the clubs the next day and everything was as expected.They also have a large selection of golf gear and accessories. They have all the top brands in clubs too. The staff and the manager here are extremely helpful when you ask questions. Great customer service.
1	If I could give this place no stars I would!!! Today I went in with my dad to exchange a shirt he had gotten for Christmas. He asked THE MANAGER Courtney if he could help my dad find a different size. The manager didn't even check in his stock and just gave us a straight up no practically. What horrible customer service. My dad is a returning customer and for him to be treated so rudely is very unacceptable!!! The manager even made a rude remark calling my dad a MAM! We will be taking this to complaint to higher management! We will NOT be returning to this place! Their loss! Everyone go to Las Vegas golf and tennis instead!
5	Upon entering you immediately know everything your looking for is here...  Quickly after coming in we were assisted by a friendly sales associate named Eric. He worked well with my husband, he listened gathered info on his game and got down to the nitty gritty! Got him over to club fitting and narrowed things down nicely. He wasn't up selling us at all which was nice because he easily could have (men spend on drivers without thought). TO PUT THE ICING ON THE CAKEEVERYTHING HE WANTED WAS IN STOCK. ..Got to love instant bliss.. We do this yearly and it's never been this easy!***** Five Stars for sure.
4	I was driving down charleston and noticed a golf galaxy sign.  I quickly turned into the lot to check out the store.  This will be my official golf store in vegas.  It is as close to a golf superstore as you will get in the summerlin area!  Reminds me of golfsmith in Los Angeles.  They have all the latest and greatest clubs and they seem to be very open to me trying them out.  Most stores will let you try 6 iron and woods/drivers but the sales guy asked me if I wanted to hit a wedge I was checking out.  That's pretty cool!The clothing and shoe selection is solid as well.  I will bring my clubs in for regripping and let you know how that goes!
4	Went there to change putter grip and they hooked me up and got it done in 10 minutes!
5	I wish I remembered the guys name but he was awesome. I was in town for business and didn't know I'd be golfing so I had nothing with me. I was in a bit of a rush and needed shoes, a shirt and balls. He found me everything I needed and even marked down a full price shirt because the one on the sale rack had a spot on it. I think his name is Larry? Either way, great service, thank you.
4	Great place to try out new clubs and compare to the ones you already have. Was having trouble hitting my driver very far and thought I'd buy a new Taylor Made mini driver and use as both driver and three-wood. After meeting with PGA Pro Chris Eastman, (who gave me several tips while watching me hit balls in one of the two simulators,) I kept my own clubs and had them both cut down an inch. I learned they were too long for me. I saved a lot of money and felt guilty not paying Chris for his mini lesson, but I'm a happy camper. Will always come back here. It's the people not the store name! (BTW, after trying my "new" shorter clubs at the course later, I was still lousy!) I need more practice.....Gary
