4	We love going here.   They have an atrium with butterflies, a pretty little nature walk, a few live animals in rather small cages (don't love that part) and a lot of creepy taxidermy.  Still, there's lots to entertain young children and it has an old school feel to it.
5	My wife likes this place! A
2	Went here a few weeks ago with my toddler daughter. It's fine for about 30 minutes of  entertainment but it is a small venue so the thrills are in short supply. We'd had high hopes for the butterfly atrium and were somewhat disappointed. There were a small handful of ordinary specimens. (I realize I am unfairly comparing this exhibit with Marine World Africa's version in CA. which is fantastic.)It is well maintained but feels old and in need of some love. The park that surrounds it is as much as a draw and could provide more fun on a temperate day.
4	We loved our short trip to the Nature Museum but didn't realize it was so geared toward kids.  We don't have kids so we had to leave a drivers license at the door.  We also got some weird looks from the other people with kids so it was a weird atmosphere and we didn't stick around for long.  There are a few areas that are obviously for the kids but the rest should appeal to all ages.  We loved being able to see two owls up close, check out baby quails and then see the adult quails and see different types of snakes, turtles and miscellaneous animals.  The butterfly atrium was pretty average.  There weren't a lot of them flying around but it looked like they had a lot that were ready to hatch.  The nature trail in the back was probably more for kids.  They had some play structures set up and if you're looking for a decent length walk, it might be worth going to the park/lake on the other side of the gates.Admission wasn't terribly expensive and we thought it was worth it just to see the barred owl and the comically tiny screech owl.
2	I remember loving the Charlotte Nature Museum when I was in the pre-school crowd (I'm 30 now, with my own children), and my children enjoyed their trip there as well; however, while reasonably well maintained, it was on the small side and we were there for maybe an hour/hour and fifteen minutes (it took longer to drive there than we actually spent there).  The children enjoyed seeing the butterflies, playing in the play area, and seeing the animals (albeit in small cages-- though, they looked perky and happy).  We didn't go to the part with the dead things, we live in Washington DC (we were in Matthews visiting family) and regularly use the National Natural History museum- so the kiddos have seen dead things up close.  The nature trails looked nice, and I'm sure the park is lovely on a warm, non-rainy day.  It wasn't very crowded while we were there, maybe 5 other families, and the bathroom was in an appalling state and had no toilet paper.  The reviewer that said it is more of a learning center than a museum definitely hit the nail on the head-- I think it's a wonderful addition to the park, but should not be considered a destination in itself.  It could definitely use some things that talk to you and a few more things to engage the youngsters and adults who bring them.  If you're close to the museum, have a preschooler,  have an extra hour and $6 to burn, by all means it is worth it, but I wouldn't say it is worth a trek there.  The Ethiopian restaurant we went to afterwards though-- now that was worth it.Oh, I too wish there were an option to give an extra 1/2 star... 2 1/2 seems about right.
4	I love this precious little spot.  Birds, and turtles, owls, snakes, frogs, butterflies... what is not to love?They will get the snakes out on request for you (or in my case, my children) to hold.  They will also get the skunk out!  Apparently, they are a lot like cats-- and I must admit, my curiosity got the best of me and I did find myself stroking the coarse hair of the injured animal.  The butterfly garden is a wonder!  We also found turtles hidden in there.  My younger (5 y/o) loves the puppet shows.The staff is so friendly and knowledgeable! The little play area gets crowded and lots of inattentive mothers can create quite a bit of mayhem... we usually skip this area.Bring sanitizer, as little hands seem to find their way into the turtle water.  Eeek!Once we are finished here, we walk on the nature trail to Freedom Park for picnic fun and play time!  We usually look for the grumpy old troll who lives uinder the bridge, as we cross into the park.This is a great way to spend the day!
3	A nice museum although a bit pricey for the few exhibits.  $6/person.Had a few exhibits of amphibians, reptiles, mammals, etc.  Had a snake feeding time.  Forget the nature walk....just a circular walk around some greenery with nothing beyond just nature itself.Outside of this museum, across the bridge is a large pond where you can chill.  Museum located in a nice neighborhood.  Reminds me of upper NW DC.
5	Great place for kids! We stopped here as we were passing through charlotte and were pleasantly surprised. Our kids loved it!! Great exhibits inside and outside. Fun kids show. Lots to see and do. It is also right beside Freedom park which has a duck pond, playground and train. Very fun!
2	I would like to give this more stars as my children did enjoy being there but my husband and I were thoroughly disappointed as we walked through with not much to do and most of the exhibits broken or left a mess. We have a membership and I would really like to see it taken care of!
