4	Ok, let's be honest: I love this place. It's right up my alley: rickey and twisty and full of old things. I embargoed reviewing this place for a while at a dear friend's request but it's out there now so I'll add my review to the chorus. It's a few blocks from St Michel metro and a bit hidden behind the McDonalds. It is a bit bug infested, and it does feel like the vast majority of the vendors have either figured out that they can sell this stuff for a fair bit of money on the internets, or are looking around at everyone else's prices, shrugging their shoulders and ramping the prices up to be on par. That being said, I didn't have any trouble dickering down to prices I was comfortable with when I tried, and I love love love the vendors her. Sweet old Quebecois folks who all know each other and take care of each other and crack jokes together and are generally genuinely lovely. Will you find a crazy steal here? Maaaybe. But it's nice so go if you promise not to tell...
5	OK seriously, this place is a hidden gem. I didn't even realize such an awesome flea market like this exists! What did i end up buying? An old vintage Polly Pocket toy for 5 bucks. Holy wow there was a lot of stuff and cool "junk" that was there. This place is a huge maze, and I felt like the longer I stayed, the longer it would take for me to get outta there. I think I spent 2 hours at this flea market, but it felt like years. (in a good way of course)There's all sorts of knick knacks here like antiques, vintage toys, comic books, records, figurines, ukelele, decor stuff etc. I spent rummaging through rings at one jewelry kiosque for at least 10 minutes. They didn't have anything that I liked, but it was so fun hunting for something. Honestly this place is worth visiting...but I highly recommend going in the AM because it gets quite overcrowded in the afternoon....making the visit pretty unpleasant.  I'd go back, totally. But probably once every 3 months or so just to see "newer" items. I think my favorite part of this flea market are the toys. So nostalgic to see 70s, 80s toys, (they even had an etch a sketch!)Go go go to this flea market. It is fun, exciting, maze-like, and filled with items you can get for a good price.
