3	Do not go here on a date!  It's nice for lunch most any day of the week.  Think Camille's.  But for dinner on weeknights in particular, families with kids tend to overrun the place and the food quality isn't as good.  Remember how much fun the petting zoo was when you were 7 years old?  Somehow Jason's Deli has recreated that same atmosphere in their dining room.  Great for kids.  Not great for couples trying to enjoy each other's company.
3	I agree with Jason L. about avoiding this place for date night. I tried to go have grown-people time with my man, and we were overwhelmed with kids running underfoot. It was hard to talk.The food is good, if slightly pricey. The tomato basil soup is good, and I enjoyed the garden ciabatta. It's a decent place for lunch when you're in the middle of the work day. The service is pretty quick, and there's always the salad bar option if you're in a hurry. It's nicer than the other chain delis, so it's good to have on hand. I get into such ruts with lunch that I need help sometimes remembering that I can go to more than the three places I always go.
5	The first time I was invited to Jason's Deli, I thought, "Eh.  Okay."  I'm not a big fan of delis unless it's one in New York City that provides you with a mound (literally) of corned beef and cheese.  Jason's Deli was much more than I expected.  I wisely chose their salad bar.  For the price, their salad offerings are awesome.  There are items on their bar that you wouldn't find on most salad bars because they're pricier (kalamata olives, for example) than normal salad bar findings.   There are also items like hummus.  What a treat!   When you're finished with your meal, everyone's invited to a free swirled ice cream treat.  Bonus!  Especially on hot summer days.  Attention parents: Jason's is a fantastic place to bring your kids.  Kids' meals are extremely low for the entree, side, drink, and ice cream!   You can't go wrong with their incredible pricing.  And the fact that their items are healthier than McDonald's or Burger King makes it all the better. As for everyone's comments on date night at Jason's Deli, why would you bring a date here?  It's a deli.  "Hey, baby -- how about we split a muffaletta?"  Were those dates followed up by a night trolling the street for quarters, too?  It's obviously not a date place, so Jason's shouldn't be judged by that.  It's a place to grab a great nutritious sandwich, soup, or salad at a great deal!
4	Solid 4. Typically, there is not much on this planet that excites me more than fresh, local, organic ingredients on a sandwich, but when I can have that and a salad bar I am a happy little tree-hugger. Jason's is an all-time favorite sandwich place of mine and of my fellow vegan foodie. The portabello wrappini (hold the cheese, please) and the salad bar with their black currant tea are the keys to the good life for lunch and a mid-afternoon craving for a friggin' good sandwich. (And of course, the occasional slide on the vegan diet for a much needed fill of cheese that can only be satisfied by their french onion or tomato basil soup- yummo). A few bummers-  the lack of veggie sandwich options ( I think there are only 3 or 4), which is why I pretty much order the same thing every time. But having this in mind, I haven't been displeased going there for my mushroom wrappini. This is a good place to take anyone because they have stuff that everyone likes (even pasta for those who don't want a sandwich- in which case you should rush them to the nearest hospital because something ain't right- who goes to a damn deli and doesn't get a sandwich?). cheers and happy sandwiching, the vegan foodies(written by Tara, the Karim in Karimaford- admittedly high strung half of the vegan.foodie.team )
4	Man, this place was da bomb.com. I have to take a dump cause this place is like so so def wit that fresh fresh salat. keeps me rugalurrr as heyaaalllll!!No, but really this place is great. The ice cream is a wonderful suprise at the end. I would give it 5 stars but it didn't have sprinkles.CJ
4	This is a good place, busy and noisy sometimes, but the food is top notch, free ice cream for dessert is a big plus for me.  Half California sandwich and tomato basil soup is a winner, as are many things on the menu.  Reputation is well deserved.  I go whenever I can, and I am not disappointed, ever. Staff stays on their toes and things just work well there.
3	I was admonished twice in two days for whining about the lack of salad bars in Charlotte while having never been, so I came to ze old JD's last week on a powerlunch. Nothing like shoveling 3 pounds of greens and toppings down your throat while trying to look cool and have a business meeting. Won't be trying that again.Onto the importante stuffs! Agree, mon freres, that this is the best SB in CLT. Is it great? Nein. Is it sufficient? Oui! There's enough legumes and veggies on offer that even my veganbud could eat her weight in a satisfyingly diverse pile of veggies, beans, and seeds. Multiple non-dairy dressings as well, plus plus.It's a bummer that soup, bread, anything you want other than Saltines and "organic crackers" is extra, but hey, this isn't Sweet Tomatoes (GOD how I wish it was). Also, labeling on the varying prepared salads (Veg, vegan, GF, etc) would make it so I don't freak out when biting down on something that could very well be bacon.
4	There is a reason this place is always packed for lunch. I love their salad bar. Only suggestion would be if they could switch it up maybe a little as I have eaten there for lunch a couple days in a row.
3	There's two kinds of workday restaurant lunches in my life. The first kind occurs about once a week, when everyone on the team goes, and we spend some time socializing in a real restaurant. The other kind also occurs about once a week and involves my walking out the door without my (fully packed, waiting in the fridge) lunch bag.  Jason's is a good spot for the latter type of lunch, but not the former.  The food is good and, depending on what you get, even fairly healthy.  I tend to stick to the "lighter choice" sandwiches, which include things like chicken salad and the Mediterranean wrap.  The salad bar is extensive and fresh.The reason Jason's is not good for the more social kind of work lunch is that it's big, crowded, pretty atmosphere-less, and loud. Service is quick, but if you go at noon, be prepared to have many co-diners.
3	Okay I walked in and was pretty confused about what to do, this being my first time at a Jason's Deli. Thank god I my friend had been there before and directed me to the small cashier booth near the back of the place so we could place our orders. There's a pretty diverse choice of sandwiches, soups, and salads here. Also there's free soft serve ice cream. Who doesn't love free ice cream?!Our orders came out fast, but I asked for no tomatoes and ended up picking them out of my sandwich. Also when I order a sandwich toasted I kind of expect the inside to not be cold. It kind of throws off the whole texture for me, you know? That being said their sandwiches are huge! It was almost too much meat stuffed into the slices of bread, because I had to take bites from each side so that it wouldn't slip out.The ambiance I would describe as noisy, and corporate. That's not really an issue though when you are just grabbing a quick bite before heading to a party as I was doing, but for sitting down and enjoying the surroundings I'd recommend somewhere else.
4	Looking for a quick self-serve lunch option? My co-workers and I usually make a stop here once a semester (yes, my schedule will forever run on academic time). I find that the salad bar is well stocked with fresh ingredients to make a very tasty salad. They even have some organic options. I love artichokes, green peas, and a good hard boiled egg on my leafy greens! After lunch, reward yourself with a self-serve soft ice cream cone...I can't help myself.  The sandwiches and soups look pretty good, but depending on what you order it could leave you wanting (as my co-worker sat sad-eyed looking over at my abundant salad compared to his chicken salad wrap).There is plenty of seating with booths or tables that you can easily push together to accommodate any size group. The employees work with a smile and stay busy cleaning, bussing, replenishing. For the type of food place this is and all-you-can eat salad bar for under $10...I'm a fan.
3	One of the better salad bars around.  Great fast-service lunch option.  Healthy (at least healthier) menu choices, with the forementioned salads, fruits, soups and sandwiches.  You order at the counter, pay at the end of the line, and take a number.  Within a few minutes your food is delivered to your table.Consistent product.  Service and atmosphere are OK, but nothing special.  Nothing fancy, just a decent meal at a decent price.It can get crowded at lunch, so you may have to wait for a few minutes to score a table, but with dining times probably averaging somewhere around 20-30 minutes and with so many tables, your wait won't be long.I often get takeout salad bar - for around $8 you load up a giant plastic container with as much as you can.  They even give you a few extra containers to load up dressings, desserts, cornbread, etc.
4	Always love the salad bar! They also have a great California club! Staff is pretty attentive.
1	The WORST delivery service ever!!! It was 1 hour and 50 mins before our order was delivered!! And YES it was cold!
3	I would love to give them a 3.5, here's why. On a Sunday afternoon, this place was packed! With that said the wait time was a little long, but not a major issue. However, once we were seated, we were delivered the wrong order.  Very quickly they fixed the issue and the Manager came by to ask how the meal was, that is a plus. The tuna melt was amazing. The salas bar has a lot to offer, but the broccoli cheddar soup, the soup choice of the day, was very heavy. I am still a Panera fan when it comes to broccoli cheddar soup! Overall it was good, and the ice cream at the end is a special bonus.
5	This is a great place to eat lunch. They have good food, at reasonable prices, and the quantities are generous. They also have a lite menu and you can go on line to find out the calories your lunch had. They even let you have soft ice cream for desert for no additional charge. I highly recommend this place. One more thing: The staff is efficient and courteous.
3	I haven't visited this location, but I've been served two of their fine "mini" reuben's for lunch this week. They make a damn good reuben.
5	Awesome food! Great service! Had a minor mishap and was handled professionally and everyone left happy and full of good food!!
3	Me and soup have a thing. And this place has a laundry list of yummy bowls of goodness. Don't tell the other soups, but chicken pot pie is my fav.This location is always rocking at lunchtime. I love to get take out from here. I live just down the road, so eating lunch in my pajamas on the couch sounds way more appealing than eating in real clothes inside a restaurant.Deal alert: you can get the salad bar to go and a bowl of soup for $10. It's enough for two meals. Ingredients and veggies are always fresh. You can add a protein for a little bit more. They give you a big plastic salad container, plus two smaller round ones. I think you're supposed to put dressing in one of them... but why would you do that when you could put pudding in it instead?!They have do it yourself kiosks where you can place your order and pay without actually having to interact with a human. Well, unless you can't figure out why your credit card won't swipe... and a worker has to walk over to explain you're running it upside down.... face palm.Soups, salads, sandwiches, baked potatoes... plentiful lunch options to please anyone. There's even a soft serve ice cream machine.Nice workers. Clean restaurant. They do delivery and catering as well. Convenient option for a quick meal.
4	I eat here for lunch about twice a week. The menu is so varied it's hard to get tired of the place. I recommend the manager's special which is a cup of soup and any half of sandwhich. My Fav is the New York Yankee but I get mine grilled. A half a yankee is more than enough, it is a robust NY deli style sandwhich packed high with pastrami and corned beef. My favorite soup is the tortilla which is awesome but on the right cold day the chili all the way works too.
3	Good place to grab a bite to eat.  If its your first time there, the cashiers preach that you get their fabulous free ice cream (that instance soft server stuff).   Lunch can get pretty busy but they get you your food pretty fast.  They also have a nice sized salad bar if you want to try their manager special of half a sandwhich and salad bar.
5	Yummmmmmy!!!!    Had delivered to my hotel.  The delivery man was very kind and courteous.  The food is exceptional.  The portions are large, food is NOT greasy which is a plus plus plus in my book and had a homemade taste.
4	A little expensive but good, friendly and quick. Recently remodeled. Efficient and friendly staff. Comfortable spacing between tables. Plenty of booths. Great variety of foods. And, FREE soft ice cream with every meal. Excellent salad bar . Great soups. Clean restrooms.
3	I enjoy going to Jason's Deli for lunch, love the build your own salad bar and free ice cream. Great place to grab some lunch, sandwiches or soup.
3	Time for Jason's to move toward NON-GMO's. The organic blue corn chips is a good start. Come on...do it!
