5	I had my girlfriend's birthday cake made here and it was so wonderful.  She loved it, and it was super gorgeous with real flowers!  However it was too much for the two of us so we did share some of it with the guests next to us.  The cake was also quite delicious and both of us were super impressed.  Most important of all my dear GF loved it and that's priceless. =)
2	I picked up a cupcake from here and was not impressed. The interior was dark and they had hardly anything on display. There are huge fridges around the dining area but they are just stainless steel, not display cases.  It was a cloudy day outside and it made the inside seem pretty dismal. It was in the afternoon, so that may be why they only had a few things for sale. The place was pretty empty and they helped me pretty fast.  The cupcake was vanilla and it was moist, but the icing was a disappointment. It just tasted like sugary shortening. I threw it out because it just wasn't worth the trouble of eating.
5	For my wedding I checked with Freed's and decided to go with Marie's.  I'm so happy I did, it was the perfect experience!  I chose a cake by looking at their online pictures and it was exactly what I wanted.  I also sent them my cake topper by mail (which I was a little nervous about), but not to worry it was all there on wedding day.  One of my friends still raves about this cake!  It was italian creme with buttercream frosting.  I also went to Vegas on my b-day and HAD to order the exact same thing!  Just as good as the first time!
4	Thank you to the vendor with the blonde tips on his hair for bringing the Interior department a big box of cupcakes. The blueberry and banana nut cupcakes are delicious!! Soft, scrumptious, sugary sweet and yet SINFUL!!! SSSSS
4	Looks like Marie does a lot of fancy cakes.... She has photos of many special cakes for various occasions in her photo album.I got a chance to taste the dark chocolate dipped strawberry with white and milk chocolate shavings. It was very good. I will definitely come back for more.
4	This is the bakery I get all of my real buttercream birthday cakes from! I am always last minute when it comes to ordering a cake, they never let me down. My favorite is the traditional "buttery" buttercream frosting, they have two types, a true butter and a sweeter shortening type buttercream so be specific. ok so the real buttercream frosting with marble cake, and a vanilla bavarian creme filling. MMMMM YUMMY! I have a picture of that cake in my photo album.
5	The cake that I ordered for my daughter's birthday at Rainforest Cafe came form this place. It was a tall vanilla cake with a raspberry cream filling and buttercream icing. It was hands down the best cake I have ever eaten. We had requests from several parents to take a piece home with them. We actually sliced up and froze some of the pieces (it was a huge cake) to save and it was just as good thawed out weeks later. Not only was this cake beautiful, it TASTED amazing too!
3	The taste is above average but the service is not friendly at all... and it is a little bit overpriced....
4	My office regularly orders lunch here and this review is only for their deli lunches.  Prices are very reasonable and portions are ginormous.  I am partial to the Roast Beef sandwich and the pasta salad has kind of a pimento spice to it.  I like it and I am not a pasta fan.  You can do a half sandwich AND half salad and bring it in under my lunch budget.  Plus, they deliver like Dominos.  Always here in 30 minutes or less.  That's what I'm talking about!
5	The cupcakes are amazing. This is a must visit place for locals and visitors. The service is great, and the food is great. We bought pies for Thanksgiving and they were a huge hit, I can't wait to see what they come up with for Christmas.
4	Finally stopped in this bakery one hot summer afternoon, after passing by it many times before.  The husband of Marie runs the front of the house and he was so welcoming and happy.He right away offered their nice cold vanilla bean lemonade.  This drink was like liquid lemon cake.  So very refreshing and tasty.  For lunch, I had the spinach strawberry salad. The presentation was delightful.  And the whole experience of being there was wonderful.  Who would have known there is a homey cafe in the middle Sahara Avenue?  So worth it!!!! There should be as many exclamation points to describe this place as stars.
5	We ordered a cake from Marie's for a bachelorette party - they were so excellent to work with and the cake turned out perfectly!  It tasted delicious! Everyone in the group of twenty girls who we were with thought the cake flavor and icing were perfect.We weren't sure which bakery to go with since we are from out of town, I'm so glad we went with Marie's.Thanks!
5	We had Marie's make our wedding cake for our reception at Paris on 9/27.  They did such a great job.  We decided to go with a basic vanilla cake with vanilla buttercream frosting since our reception venue included a third dessert course and I didn't want to mix too many flavors or have it get too complicated.  We chose a single layer cake for about 27 or so guests.  It was PERFECT!  The cake was moist, and the frosting was decadent.  My husband doesn't care for really sweet desserts, and this cake was perfect!  It was sweet without being overly sweet.  Additionally, they were  able to use the cake topper I mailed them.  I would highly recommend them for any wedding cake job!
