2	Pricey. Old. Haircut belonged on an old fart. Okay, I was in the area and really needed a cut, it was early morning and there was no line so I thought what the heck. First bad vibe was everyone in a chair and walking in had gray hair, and I swear three of four had loafers with no socks and shorts. A guy named Gisuppee took me and he might have been the owner. Asked me what I wanted and then cut a bit off the side, and then had me look and said he would make the top match. He cut my bangs straight across and it looks like i had a bowl cut, however he did a nice job on the back including a razor cut. That was not enough to justify the 22.00 price tag. When I tried to pay he informed me they only took cash. I had to walk across the lot to a bank and back. I have had better cuts at the chains for half the price. I will not be back.
4	I have been coming here for over two years, mostly to Bertha and my experience has been great. Maybe you can get a less expensive cut in Phoenix or wherever, but you cannot match their relaxing barber shop with several wall mounted TVs and the professional barbers who are, yes, old school. Enjoy the shave and the trip back in time, or just watch AMC's Mad Men. Priceless!
5	I come here to talk shit in Italian with Sal the owner.And, get a haircut.And, watch the ever liberal CNN news.[CNN reporter]  "Apparently, the captain was the first off the ship as it began sinking, now back to you Wolf."Me: What kind of a chicken shit puddle of piss is this guy....who does that? Sal:  Whatdyou meana  who doesa that? He wasa goin fora helpa. He goana coma righta backa.Me: Ok, Sal, he was going for help. Rigggghhht. [office space]Sal: Ahh..va fancoolaMe: mangia merde e morteThis place is one of the last bastions of Italian manhood I know.I love Sal.I hope he lives to a hundred.I look like shit with these bangs.
4	I gave them 4 stars for a few reasons1.  The barbers don't really conversate with their clientele.  Whenever I have been to a barber shop back home, the barbers are very chatty and personable.2.  For a $22.00 hair cut, I would've expected a bit more of a "home-grown" type of atmosphere.  I don't persay have an issue with how much I pay for a cut, as long as the personable service is there.3. When I told the barber what I wanted done to my hair, this person looked at me cross-eyed and made me a bit nervous.  The person didn't have me look at my hair until they were done, which also left me a bit uneasy.4.  Overall, did a nice job.5. Would I come back?  Probably would try a chain a few times first
