5	Went here yesterday with my boyfriend after a friend from work recommended it . This place was awesome! I was a little bit leary since it is students who are working on you , but in 10 minutes of my 80 minute massage I was relieved to know I had made the right decision to book our massages here. The price is right too, 50 minute massage for $25 and 80 minutes for $40!!!!! We laughed- it was better than the $300 we spent in Honolulu for massages, they even had us in the couples room. This is gonna be a weekly thing for us, check it out, you wont regret it.
5	im gonna be honest, and tell you i almost decided "not" to review this hidden Paradise,and i'll tell you why...For 100 minutes (thats an "Hour & 40 mins"!) i can get an absolutely amazing massage for only $45 !!! ...Plus, i never have to book more than a couple hours in advance!So why would i want to ruin that, by Yelping out what an AMAZING deal and experience I'm receiving??? Truth is, when this hidden Oasis is no longer a secret,i'll be waiting weeks to book an appointment :o(I think the fact they're students deter some ppl, However, i believe since the students are being graded by YOU, (in the form of a couple Q's  about your experiance with the student), it makes them more eager to please you, more so than a "seasoned" massage therapist. Anyways,Its absolutely heaven...and worth Far more than i pay.but do me a favor... "Don't" try this place....but if you must ....keep it a secret, between just you and me ;o)
3	Its a hit or miss at this school. The therapist are all very friendly and professional. Even the receptionist is friendly. I've been here 4 times. The very first massage I got was awesome. She did a deep tissue massage and it was wonderful. The last 3 I had were all done while I was pregnant. The first massage was at their old school located on Charleston. I did the 50 minute massage for $30. NOTE: AS OF JANUARY 1ST PRICES HAVE GONE UP $5 WHO CARES THOUGH! ITS STILL A GOOD DEAL.We will call her MT2. She did ok. She had me laying on my side and most places do that anyways.MT3 was awesome. He applied the right amount of pressure and got deep. He had me lay face down. The table had a opening for my belly. It was great! Wish I would've paid for a 80 min massage.MT4 was ok. I told her to go deep and she was still new so she didn't apply it. Oh well. Like I said hit or miss. She also used the special prenatal massage table.I also found that they do couple massages and stone ones too. They also only accept cash only.
4	I've been going to the European Massage Therapy School for a while now and they've recently moved to their new location on W. Sahara that is 10x better than their old location on W. Charleston. While their old location had the bulk of their massages done in a large room with dividers that separated each client, the new location has all clients in private rooms. You can also ask to be put in a couples room if you and your significant other/family member want to be massaged in the same room. They increased their prices a bit, but it is still very reasonable at $30.00 for a 50 minute massage and $45.00 for an 80 minute massage with no contract.People may get a little turned off by the fact that it's a school where students are doing the massages, but I've never been unhappy with the massages. Just make sure to specify what it is you want and where you want them to focus, and you will be fine. I would also suggest doing the 80 minute massage as opposed to the 50 because 50 minutes seems to fly by.Lastly, BRING CASH. They don't accept credit cards. Also, I always tip as these students aren't getting paid for their work, so bring that too. :)
5	ARGH. Alright... I suppose it is about time to share my secret. I'm addicted to someone using their magical hands to putting me in a tranquil sleep.  The best place for the money, no discussion, is European Massage Therapy School. If you're wondering why this rather dashingly handsome young man is getting a massage it is because my bed is like sleeping on the floor, in fact your floor may be softer than my bed, and I stand on my feet all day at work duh. The therapist are students who've graduated the 9 month program and are doing clinic times and what not so have no fear, you won't be getting someone who is just experimenting on you. The therapist are also friendly, have good communication, on time, and very professional. You will be asked to strip into your undies, so... if you're a shy ostrich, this probably isn't the place for you. The prices are $30 for 50 minutes (Swedish or Deep Tissue) and $45 for 80 minutes. That's cheap. Massage Envy introductory price (assuming you enroll in their program) is $39 for one hour, Groupon/Living Social advertise massages for almost double the price and same time. They're also CASH ONLY. To find the place, its in the same section of the Peccole Ranch Plaza where Jollibee's and Tropical Smoothie are, and in the corner there are some stairs(or elevator) for you to go up.I haven't had a problem with making same day massages, so call EMTS because just like the other EMTs acronym, they'll save you once you're done with gambling your body away at the hundreds of foot massage parlors all throughout Vegas.
4	Great massage, impressed it was by a student. They make you very comfortable in private rooms.
5	I took my S/O for his birthday and I didn't know he was a massage virgin.  We received the couples massage and as I'm enjoying my massage I hear him begin to snore.  I knew I made the right decision then.  The masseuse (what's the plural form of this word) were wonderful and professional.  They kept checking to see if the pressure was too light or deep.  I will only get my massages here, the only thing that I didn't like was you had to bring cash, but oh well, I guess I just have to suck it up.  Try this place you will not go to another overpriced massage parlor.
4	One can now pay with credit card!  Hooray!My shoulders and back were screaming at me to DO SOMETHING, so I checked out yelp for a few massage rec's.  This school earned some glowing reviews, so I decided to try it out.  There was a lot of availability, unlike other massage salon/spas, where you had to pull out your calendar and book a date that is weeks into the future.The actual school is tricky to find; it is in the same building as the Patty's Closet and is across from the IHOP.  When I checked in, I was handed a questionnaire to fill out and was told to have a seat.  A few minutes later, my student massage therapist walked out, greeted me, and led me to her massage room.  The room was definitely more "function" than "fashion," but I quickly forgot about the lack of aesthetics as soon as my massage started.  My therapist-in-training was attentive and considerate, occasionally asking me if the pressure was to my liking.  She wasn't the most talkative therapist I've had, but that was all right, as I was pretty tired and not wanting to chat a lot myself.  :)  After my lovely massage -- which worked out a number of kinks in my right shoulder! -- I filled out a very brief evaluation form (remember, the therapists are still students!).  I will most definitely come back again!  I paid $30 (before tip) for a 50 minute massage.  For $45, you get an 80 minute massage.  What a deal!
3	Dropped in unexpected and they didn't have an opening. Booked one for Saturday though!!! Looking forward to a great massage! If the therapist are as professional as the receptionist I should be very satisfied. Calf pain your time is coming to an end!
5	I love coming to massage schools and interacting with people newly pursuing their passion for the vocation. I was fortunate to have such an opportunity today with Shelia. Nice young woman great temperament and good massage. The school is very nice, well run and very clean. Being from Chicago I have never heard of this school before but I'm glad I found it here in Vegas.I came here for some special work and though my calf is nice and loose I will have to manage my process of keeping it stretched out before I get back on the treadmill and chase after my hot young Miami kinda sorta Latina.Thank you European Massage School for relaxing my muscles and giving my body a chance to chase after Maggie...Damn why did a pick a girl who can run so fast and so far Aghhh!
5	Come here for the best massage for your money. 50 minutes for $30 or 80 minutes for $45. Can't beat that.Usually I can call the day of and still get an appointment. Rarely will I have to settle for a different day. Every massage I've had here is top notch and comparable to massages I've paid twice as much for. It does help that I don't have a gender preference for who I get. Normally I end up with a male therapist. I'm told this is because females are too self conscious to let a random male feel them up, and men are too homophobic to let another man feel them up. I have nothing to back up those assumptions though. Regardless, my lack of preference allows for increased scheduling flexibility. Your loss is my gain.This isn't the fancy experience you would get at a spa on the Strip, but I don't mind. As long as my massage is great, then I'm happy.
5	One of the best massage I ever had by the wonderful hands of Joel . I was skeptical coming to a get message by  a student . I suffer from chronic disk pain when I left this place after 50 minutes I felt brand new . I had paid top dollar in expensive spas none came close to what I had experience here and only  for $ 30 for 50 minutes is awesome . The student will listen to your needs . Am hooked will come back for sure !
5	It was great. I took my wife and she loved it. great price and great staff! get the extra time it worth it and you need a appointment so get it now you will love it  I was having back pain. They didn't a have any problems at all working on it
5	After finding this place on yelp, I made an appointment the next day for their 50 min massage for $30 (what a steal!) . Their availability is pretty open, just made sure to call a couple hours ahead. I go into the lobby where I was greeted by a receptionist and checked in. It was my first time there, so he handed me a clipboard to fill out any health information and what areas I would like to be focused on. I was greeted by Rosilina (I believe), and she walked me to be room and told me to undress to my comfort level while she waited outside. The room was decently sized, quiet, and dark. She was very polite when she asked if there was enough pressure or too much and did a great job of listening. The massage was over too soon:/, it made me regret not getting the $45 for 80 min massage. But it was my first time:/ when I was done putting on my clothes Rosalina was waiting outside for me with an evaluation of her massage (because they are still students). I tipped her a $10.  This massage made me feel like I was at a five star resort rather than a massage school. Will be coming back regularly!
5	AMAZING! Definitely great quality massages-- and for only $45 for 80 mins?? WOOORTH IT! I was helped by a student named Armando, and he was fantastic! Highly recommend!
5	$45 for an 80 min massage!I made an appointment a day in advance but they were almost fully booked.  The staff members are very courteous and efficient.  My therapist was very patient and sweet. My nose decided to run during the whole appointment so she placed a box of Kleenex next to my table.The room is dark, simple, private, and soft music is played.  For the price and the experience level of the masseuses, don't expect over-priced resort spa quality where their hand movements feel synchronized.  But the massage I received at this school was definitely better than some of those resort spas.I was very relaxed (other than the runny nose) and she focused on my tense areas. I asked for medium pressure but at times I felt like it was too soft and others it was a little firmer.  I liked that my masseuse paid attention to where I was sensitive. It wasn't until my 80 minute appointment was over when I got up that I realized how relaxed my muscles were.  I was very wobbly and my muscles took a little bit of time to contract...and function!  It felt great!I would definitely return!Tips:-Make an appointment-Arrive 10 minutes prior to fill out paperwork-Park and walk through the door marked "Lobby and offices" (or something like that)...it's to the left of Jollibee. Take the elevators/stairs up one floor and you will see their suite #250-Pay before going in for your massage-Communicate with your therapist on the pressure!
5	I will never go back to anything shorter than an 80 minute massage. I've never been more relaxed & loosened up. My masseur knew exactly where to focus on to get the spots I needed. I will be coming back here & hopefully this week!
5	I have gone to this massage school more than a few times when it was at its former location and its current Sahara location.  The students are professional and provide massage service at reasonable rates.  Just had an 80 minute session with Belinda today.  Pleasant and relaxing experience, and she was good at explaining what she was doing when necessary.  Don't be afraid to check it out.  It may be a school, but there are private rooms, and the students give excellent massage sessions.
2	Just finished one of the worst "massages" of my life here and I've been getting massages 1 - 2 times per month for the past 8 years so that is saying a lot. I say "massage" cause it was really mostly just lotion rubbing.  Second time here today and I've held off on a review till now. First was okay and just a bit below average, maybe 2.5 - 3 out of 5 but I decided to give this place another chance since they are students after all.I know places like this are all luck of the draw/hit or miss but you could get unlucky like me and waste your time and money. Today was way below average, maybe 1.5 out of 5 and the 1.5 stars are solely for their courtesy, cleanliness, and how polite they are. They really are friendly and professional so I'll give them that.I do feel bad for leaving a bad review considering how nice they are and how they really do seem to be trying but I cannot in good conscience let someone else who needs a massage waste their time and money like I did. If you want to pay $45 to listen to some relaxing music and have someone rub lotion on you for 80 minutes and not get a single knot out or relieve ANY tension, then this is the place for you!I understand this is a massage school but they should teach some technique before letting their students practice on paying clients. 80 minutes and not finding a single knot or sore/tight tendon or muscle is pretty damn difficult considering I sit in front of a computer 8 hours a day 5 days a week AND workout 3 - 5 days a week so my entire upper back/shoulder/neck are constantly sore and tight!If you have ever had a professional massage and want a real, therapeutic massage...save your time and money and go elsewhere! Sad to say but you'll even get a more effective massage / more experienced masseuse at those unlicensed $20/hour foot massage spas that work on your back for 15 - 20 minutes!I've wasted over $100 here including tip and almost 3 hours of my time to give this place two chances. Learn from my mistakes instead of having to make your own! I really don't understand where all these good reviews came from unless the family/friends of students and staff are on Yelp??
4	I've been going here for years when they were on Charleston, this was my first visit to the new location. I always receive a great massage, and they will tailor it to your wishes. My first visit back at the new location was no exception. I got a great massage (deep tissue) at a great price. Students give the massages, and the decor is sparse but fine for a school! A must try for anyone who loves a good massage and a good bargain.
5	Inexpensive.  Private rooms.  Better than the "professionals" that charge an arm and leg.
5	If you are going to be in Vegas, call ahead and make an appointment. This place was amazing! It's well off the Strip but close to the bus stops if you need to use the RTS. Totally worth the trip. For the money I'd say this is one of the best values in Vegas.
4	May not be a "spa" but you can't beat the price and the massages are still amazing.  I have been twice.  Once at their old location and once at their new.  If you want to do a couples massage you can get your own room so you still have privacy.  $45.00 for 80 minutes is a deal you can't beat!
5	I just received one of the BEST massages by Kelsey at European Massage school.  She was great!! We did the couples massage and it was only $30 for both of us!!! If your in Vegas and don't mind getting away from the strip I totally recommend this place. Very professional and clean.
