3	My friend and I stumbled upon this restaurant on our way to find Settlebello in Henderson.  We were thrilled because Peruvian food is something both she and I miss tremendously.We went in and I ordered the Arroz con pollo (Chicken rice) and she ordered the Arroz con mariscos (Seafood rice) and they both did not disappoint.  The portion of rice was generous on both plates.  Mine came with two pieces of chicken and colorfully green flavored rice.  There was some red onion salsa on the side -- it was good!  Hers had two mussels and seafood mixed into the rice...  delicious.I recommend the passion fruit drink and a side of plantains to go with your meal.  They both compliment the meal very well!I normally order the Bistec a lo Pobre when I'm at a Peruvian joint, so I'd have to go back and try it!  But Hurray for Peruvian food in Vegas!
5	If you're looking for great authentic Peruvian food...don't look any further. This restaurant has delicious written all over it! The lomo saltado is awesome and I can't wait to go back and try more!
5	let me begin by saying this was the first time I've ever had Peruvian food and it was amazing. The fish ceviche was amazing, both of our meals were delicious. I stumbled on this place through restaurant.com and i will def be going back. Really great food, not like Mexican food at all which i don't like, so if your in the area go there!
5	I've eaten here several times over the last year, and I think this place is just great!  Modest prices, fresh food that's always tasty, pretty good service with a smile, even. Comfortable relaxed atmosphere.Rotisserie Chicken and fries are usually on special when I go, but I've also had Bisteca and a few other specialties.  Never a bad experience for me. Plus, live music on weekends!
3	I have eaten here twice and it is okay, average, nothing spectacular...The service is really good...The waiter explains the popular menu items and goes through everything, even the specialty drinks.  You get bread and a cilantro-esque dipping sauce.  One of the two times, I also got pickled veggies.I got the lomo saltado on trip one, a beef stirfry with fries and rice...it is good, enough food for 2 meals, but slightly oily.  Tastes good reheated!  The second time, I got the bistec - steak with grilled onions (big chunks), tomatoes, rice, fries and plantains with a fried egg on top.  I did have to ask for the plaintains as they were forgotten, but when I got them they were hot, sweet and delicious.  The fried egg is a nice touch.The prices are high (approximately $16 for a dish) but it is worth trying a new cuisine.  I think each entree could feed a normal person of either gender for dinner and lunch the next day.  I just don't think my two experiences and the experience of my new-to-Peruvian-food dining companion warrant another trip.
5	Delicious. You must go here. We usually go to Ta Ta, but decided to drop by Mi Peru instead. I had the white fish in lime juice that was so, so tasty and my husband had the beef soltada. The beef was juicy and very well seasoned. We had wine and beer that was also very good. Service was excellent. This was the first time I've tried Peruvian food and I love it!
2	This small, informal restaurant serves Peruvian fare - duh.  We started off with a complimentary salad of jicama, carrots, cucumber and onion in lime juice and a cup of aji dipping sauce.  This salad proved to be both spicy, refreshing and the best dish we consumed this evening.  Our shared appetizer was papa a la huancaina - boiled potatoes covered with a mild aji sauce and cream.  I could not taste the aji sauce and the overall flavor was muted.  I also tried a glass of chica morado - a purple corn drink which was pretty good though it won't be replacing diet Pepsi at Hacienda de Westie.  Ann ordered arroz con Mariscos - a mixed seafood dish with rice billed as being Peru's take on paella.  I settled on a mixed seafood soup called parihucla that the menu described as Peru's take on bouillabaisse.  Both entrees were bland and compared unfavorably to their better known counterparts.
4	Mi Peru is in a obscure strip mall.. I stumbled upon the restaurant looking for something different. Little did I know that Peruvian food also entails a lot of Chinese inspired dishes because there are a lot of Chinese people who live in Peru. This information was told to me by the owner himself... My friend got the fried rice (Chinese dish) and I got a hearty chicken soup. The fried rice was a bit too oily, but the soup was yummy. It tasted fresh and the flavors were right on. I wouldn't mind coming out here again if I were in this part of town.
4	I really want this place to make it. It's an interesting restaurant in MY neighborhood. The first time I went in for takeout I realized how cute it was inside (it was hard to tell from outside since it is in a strip mall). It's very warm and charming inside. Everything we had was great. It was the rotisserie chicken and the beef saltado. In fact, I liked the saltado so much that I looked up how to make it on the Internet and have been making the chicken version about once a month. I went in for girls night out again last week. The girls, who had never been there before, loved it. We got the steak kabobs and they were a favorite. They have a pretty decent, although small, wine list. I recommend the Torrontes. Very inexpensive but delicious and refreshing with spicy savory dishes. The only problem I had was with the glassware. One of the girls' water glass was gross, and all of our wine glasses smelled like a sour dish rag. Gag! Other than that, I think this restaurant is a great addition to my little neighborhood, and I hope they stay busy and make it through this crappy economy. They should have a happy hour too BTW.
3	Very tasty meal. The seafood rice was cooked perfectly and chicken with rice was flavored nicely. The service was attentive and polite. It's an under the radar kind of place. Wish I had tried one of the flavored fruit drinks. Would I go back? Yes, Yes I would.
4	This was a nice restaurant with a pretty good atmosphere.  I hadn't eaten Peruvian food for about 10 years, so I was long overdue!This was more of an mid to upscale place compared to my usual Peruvian haunt (El Pollo Inca in LA).  I had to ask for the green spicy Aji sauce and it came in a bowl with a spoon (instead of a clear squirt bottle :P ).We had the "Peruvian Seafood Paella" dish and the Arroz con Pollo.  The portions were quite large and everything tasted great and was very flavorful.  The only thing I regret was not getting something with rice and fries mixed in...  Miss that stuff!
4	This place is a hidden gem. The food is very flavorful and the portions are large, so go there hungry. I was looking forward to having the Pollo a la Brasa, which is a rotisserie chicken marinated in Peruvian spices, but they only serve this Thursday thru Sunday. Bummer. So I "settled" for the Lomo Saltado which was tender beef tenderloin strips mixed in with tomatoes, onions, french fries, and rice. Wow. This dish did not disappoint. I also enjoyed the aji sauce that they brought out with bread/butter. It was very creamy and spicy but not overly spicy. It tasted good on everything. Especially the french fries.I will definitely be back to try the other dishes. I've got my eye on the seafood paella next.
3	I miss the great Peruvian back in SoCal and I decided to give this place a roll for dinner.The setting of the restaurant was well decorated and pleasant.  However, I must rail against playing pan flute music in a Peruvian business and I cite the South Park episode on pan flutists as my justification.The highlights of the meal were the fact they had chicha morada (purple corn drink) and the papa huancaina (potatoes in a spicy cream sauce); however, the chicha wasn't as flavorful as I hoped.  For the entree I had the fried fish which was seasoned well, but surprisingly omitted was a sauce for the fish. There was an onion/corn garnish on the side with the plain white rice, but really doesn't mix with the fish.The server was polite and for the most part attentive.  My overall experience was ok, but I am disappointed the food was not nearly as exciting as the Peruvian I'm used to back in SoCal.
3	Having eaten the best of peruvian cuisine for a very long time we were intrigued as to the quality of this restaurant. First and foremost the price seemed pretty high for what they put on the table. This is not the best of what peruvian food has to offer. 3 people ate for almost $100.00. They brought a bread to the table that was stale, very poor quality and that should have been a warning which we did not heeded, they just heated the old bread and presented the offering with no shame. The ceviche was below par. We also had the mussels with their fresh salsa on top and that dish did not impress anyone. Tried the causa and it lacked the authenticity of taste that distinguishes this dish. One of our group had the "arroz con pollo" (cilantro based rice with two squalid pieces of chichen) and got a whole lot of rice with almost no chicken. The other had "pescado sudado" (poached fish) and even though edible it was not great. I had fish with a shrimp sauce which was acceptable but not great. I do understand that this is a special type of cuisine but like anything in life there are peruvian restaurants that are far superior in quality and taste and for the money it just did not ring any bells. Wanted to like it for we go constantly to Las Vegas but compared to the top ones in Los Angeles this one fell way short of the mark. The place was semi-empty at around 6PM, (something that never happens at "El Rocoto" in LA which is always buzzing with activity and you can feel the energy in the air) and the kitchen had absolutely no movement. This is definitely not a top choice and do beware of the high prices, which we wouldn't mind at all if the food was worth it. I give it an average 3 Stars and perhaps the reviews I saw in urbanspoon.com are written by people that hasn't had the very best of peruvian food or perhaps even relatives for I seriously contest this restaurant to be anywhere near a 5 Star eatery. Save your money and when in Los Angeles do go to "El Rocoto" (just google it) and you will enjoy every minute of it compared with this bland, uneventful take on peruvian food.  The reason I used "El Rocoto" as an example is because this is one place that never fails to deliver fresh, authentic and delicious peruvian food and every time I've gone there it always crowded and like everyone should know the more crowded the place the fresher the food because it is always being consumed, no room for food to grow stale or to be re-heated in worst scenarios. Top of the line Chefs from Peru doing what they do best. 3 Stars for Mi Peru.
1	Do not go there. Not worth your time, money or calories. First time not good their rice tasted like fast chinese food and they didn't have grilled chicken for which Peruvian food is mostly know for. Gave them a second chance, no papa rellena, again no chicken. Service is slow, non-courteous and food was bland compared to other Peruvian food I've had in other cities. They better make things better if they want to survive here.
3	*** Regionally Adjusted Rating ***I did an extended weekend trip to Vegas with my Peruvian girlfriend and we are always on the lookout for good foods.  We did our homework before our getaway and wanted to try this place out since it has favorable ratings.  We jump in the car from our LV Strip Hotel and head over to Henderson in 100+ degree weather.  Not the ideal time to eat Peruvian food, but....  The restaurant is located in a shopping center which was easily accessible with ample parking.What did we order here?  I am addicted to Lomo Saltado from the first time I had it in a "whole in the wall" in Downey.  I will order my Lomo Saltado, oh lomo why can't I quit you.  My girlfriend orders Tacu Tacu con Lomo Fino.  She has spoke about Tacu Tacu over and over again to me and we have been unable to find it at local LA/OC restaurants.  I hear about the "good ole days" in Peru.  So, how do I rate these.  Mind you I have never had the originals in Peru.  The Lomo Saltado was a 2 to 3 star.  It was okay, would I order it again if I went to Mi Peru, No.  The Tacu Tacu was  delicious even though Miss Peru said otherwise.  I would give the Tacu Tacu a 3 to 4 star rating.  I would definitely order that again.  All the price points were good.  Make sure to score a Inca Kola.  Overall rating adjusted for Las Vegas area would be a 3 star.  If it was here in LA/OC with the various Peruvian restaurant competition it would get a 2 star.
4	Awesome food. Try the anticuchos; you won't be sorry! They even have Peruvian beer and wine.If you haven't experienced Peruvian food, this is a place to try.  I love the anticuchos so much that I have trouble trying anything else on the menu, but do often get to taste what others at my table order.  The green mussels are wonderful too.  If you want a typical Peruvian soft drink, try the chicha morada (there is a hard version, but this will give you a good taste for it).  Please try Mi Peru -- we need the good, neighborhood restaurants like this to survive!
4	This place is incredible. We just moved to Henderson from N Phx & this was one of the 1st restaurants we tried as it is literally steps from our house. I was a little bummed that the Pollo A La Brasa wasn't available when we were there (only Thurs-Sun) but after the meal we had, I knew we'd be back so I was excited to try it in the future. I ordered the Arroz con Mariscos ($15.95) which was delicious & HUGE. It was filled with plenty of seafood that was perfectly cooked. I asked for a little bit of their Aji sauce to try out since I make it at home regularly & it is one of my favorite condiments. I put it on almost everything! It was very good & spicy although the mayo flavor was pretty strong. My husband ordered the Tallarines Verdes ($14.95) which was equally huge & very tasty. The wait for our food was a little on the slow side but that wasn't a concern for us. We had no where to go & it was nice to sit & talk while we waited for our food. The only reason I mention it, is that if you are an impatient person or in a rush to be somewhere else, this might not be the best choice for you. Save it for a time when you can go & enjoy a leisurely night out. I was a little sad to see only one other table occupied while we there & I really hope this place sticks around. SO happy to have a great dining option so close to us.. we will definitely be back!
5	Love this place! The food is to die for....my favs are lomo saltado and arroz mariscos...yummmm! I go to this restaurant every time I'm in town. During my last visit...I tried the Sangria..delicious!
4	So a group of friends and I decided to try this place after we had a craving for something different. Of course I turned to Yelp to see what Peruvian places there were here in Vegas. There were only 3 places so we decided to try this one. This place is right off Stephanie and Horizon Ridge. When you walk in you almost feel like you're in mama's kitchen, well if you come from a latin background you would know what I'm talking about. Overall a very cozy atmosphere and not alot of traffic.Now let's get down to business - food! We order a few dishes to get a taste and to make a fair judgement. First up, yuquitas fritas (deep fried yucca root). Actually I was expecting this to be either bitter or very stringy. Instead it tasted like a steak fry! A ranch style sauce accommodated this dish but the server brought out this cilantro mustard sauce that was better than the sauce it came with. Ask for the cilantro mustard sauce!We then ordered the ceviche and anticuchos combo. The ceviche was incredible. I couldn't tell you what white fish it was but tasted like tuna. It had the perfect amount of flavor with the lime juice, cilantro and onions. It was served with potatoes (yams), dried corn (like oversized popcorn kernels), and corn. The anticuchos were awesome! The anticucho combo included beef, chicken & beef heart and fried potatoes. Each of these meats just melted in your mouth and the peruvian spices on it were perfect! I thought the best one was the heart. I highly recommend the anticuchos. Also use the cilantro mustard sauce if you need a sauce on your skewer and potatoes.Final dish was the Jalea Mi Peru seafood combo. It was a deep fried seafood mystery because you didn't know what type of seafood you were eating. But that didn't stop me from gnawing down the deep fried goodness. I was surprised how big this dish was and how it never seemed to end even as 4 of us tackled this mound of seafood delights. It was topped with an onion type pico de gallo and lime juice. Actually it was really good, even for trying to guess what exactly you were eating. This dish included: green mussels, scallops, shrimp and a white fish. I didn't see the tartar sauce it was suppose to come with but it doesn't matter I stuck to my cilantro mustard sauce and I was happy! Overall the anticuchos are worth a try along with a nice ice cold Peruvian beer. It is a little pricey but the portion size does make up for how much you're spending. Service was great until the end when we were just sitting there waiting for our check. It's like the whole kitchen & staff disappeared for 20 mins. That's the only thing that prevented me from giving it 5 stars. I was quite impressed by this place.
4	good peruvian food.  granted i've only tried a few places, but my bf is peruvian and we both agreed this place was legit!  we ordered the arroz con pollo (chicken and seasoned rice) and the anticucho de lomo (beef kabobs with sides).... two popular peruvian dishes.  both were yummy.  i really liked the peruvian rice... and the kabobs were very tender and tasty!!  it's worth the drive and experience.on the flip side, i did feel the dishes were a bit pricey for what they were.  however, i realize peruvian food is hard to come by here....  thus, rarity comes with a price.
4	So I have been to this place many times and usually order the same thing.Shrimp Causa:  Only after our 3rd visit that we were able to order this.  They have ran out of this appetizer before.  That's just how good this is.  It's supposed to be a very popular South American Appetizer.  The baked potato with the aji amarillo sauce is what makes it so yummy.Ceviche de mixto:  This ceviche has shrimp, fish, squid, all lemon cured, mixed with onions.  There are two type of corn kernels, the sweet one, and the toasted one, both taste delicious with this ceviche.  This however, isn't the ending to this simple yet awesome dish...the sweet potato perfectly complimented this ceviche.  This was my favorite!Anticucho de lomo:  Entree includes three types of meat on skewer: beef tenderloin, chicken, and beef heart.  I liked all 3!  They each have their own flavor.Alfajores:  Dessert.  3 Bite-size caramel sandwich cookies.  The caramel is actually the dulce de leche.  They were coated with powdered sugar.  It is yummy, but quite expensive for the portion given.  Nevertheless, I still order it to really complete my meal.There is this drink called chicha morada that I ordered every single time.  It's actually purple corn, but it was sweet and tart.  Super delicious.  Reminds me of grape juice, just a more peruvian authentic twist.  So refreshing.All the times that I have been here, I've only seen one waiter.  It's a small restaurant that has room for maybe a little more than 10 tables.  Regardless, it has yummy food and I am sure to return.
3	Food was great, portion size was great except for the alfajores, they need to increase them.
4	If you're having Peruvian, you have to have the corn juice.  It's non-carbonated, sugary goodness with a hint of cloves and cinnamon.  For me, it's like an appetizer and a drink.The chaufa is excellent here.  It's fried rice, and is very salty, but I assume if you're ordering it, you'll like that.  Get the one with chicken and beef (and shrimp if you like it).I don't think it's better than the places in NYC, but it's certainly better than the crap they serve in California.  And for Vegas, it's worth four stars.  Definitely should be tried, especially if you haven't had delicious Peruvian food.
4	I LOVE Peruvian food...and that's probably because I'm half-Peruvian. Unfortunately for me, my Peruvian mother does not cook that many dishes from her native country and that leaves my tummy sad and deprived. Anytime we have a chance to check out a Peruvian place though, we will try it. Mi Peru is probably the best Peruvian restaurant here in Vegas and is somewhat comparable to my grandmother's cooking which is to die for. I've been here several times and for my latest visit, I brought my boyfriend a long so he could eat some nom-noms. I had a gift certificate from restaurant.com for $25 as long as you spend $50. Not a problem considering that this place is a little pricey and that's why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5.As I mentioned before, food is great. We had:Drinks: Chicha Morada...the Peruvian purple drink. A juice made from purple corn, it is sweet and delicious. Definitely try this! We got a pitcher because I knew I'd want more than one glass. 15 bucks for a pitcher though, ouch! I bought packets of chicha morada juice mix when I was in Peru for 10 cents a packet and those make a pitcher...so not a great deal there..especially since I am pretty sure they are using the packets mixes also...Appetizer: Ceviche, which is chopped fish marinated in lime juice and chopped onions. I asked the server what kind of fish they used and he said Mahi-Mahi. I'm not sure if this changes from time to time so be sure to ask in case you don't like fish. It is served with a slice of sweet potato, yellow potato, roasted Peruvian corn and fresh Peruvian corn kernels which are large, not like the ones we are used to here. Now, I am NOT a huge seafood person but this is so delicious, I just can't put my fork down, seriously. The lime juice "cooks" the fish so there is no fishy flavor and it probably helped that the fish was SUPER fresh. The only problem with this dish was that we waited a long time for it so they probably just prepared it before bringing it out. When we make it at home, we let it marinate a couple hours before eating it...but like I said, it was delicious!Entrees: I got the Seco de Carne which is beef marinated in a cilantro sauce. This is usually my favorite but here the sauce wasn't up to par and didn't taste like cilantro at all. The beef was tender and juicy and the rice and beans served with it were also very delicious. My boyfriend and everyone else we were with got the lomo saltado which is strips of beef sauteed with peppers, onions on top of french fries and served with rice. Everyone who got this dish was very happy and I couldn't blame them. Meat was tasty and flavorful. Everything works together so well.We skipped dessert because one, we were so full and two, because the stuff is kind of pricey, we decided against it.Service is okay, kind of on the slow side but they are nice and the food is AWESOME so no biggie. This place isn't close to me so I can't come too often but my boyfriend Justin J. LOVED it so he keeps asking me to go back. We will definitely be back...unless my grandmother is in town. :)
4	I am not gonna try and spell the dishes we had tonight, but whatever we got was really good, especially the soup!!!  We also enjoyed the Peruvian Rose wine... surprisingly delicious!The service was fine.  We went on a Tuesday evening, so the place wasn't very busy.  I wonder what they have for dessert.  We were too full to get any dessert.I definitely recommend giving it a try!
3	I cannot say I have ever eaten Peruvian food or maybe I just can't distinguish it from other Spanish influenced foods. I am not a fan of foods covered in thick sauces unless it is a curry, so I stuck to arroz con pollo, which leads me back to my first statement. I eat this dish when I go to Cuban restaurants, so I might not have gotten a true taste of Peru. Of course, I got a side of fried plantains, but for $4.50 I have received a more satisfying amount at other establishments. I can eat these sweet treats by the truckload, so I was rather disappointed. The arroz con pollo was delicious. My favorite item on the plate were the onions, in a citrus dressing, instead of the chicken or rice. I ended up eating all of it to refresh my palate after every bite of the rice. The chicken was moist, but a little on the bland side. The rice was really flavorful, but a little greasy. I would have also liked it if it came with a side of black beans, but it didn't. I guess I have always come to expect a plate to come with rice, beans, plantains, chicken and onions. The serving size was large. I packed half of it to take home. I would go back, but I will do my research so that I can claim to have an authentic experience next time.
3	Noticed many good reviews for this restaurant, so wanted to give it a try. The restaurant itself looks nice, although the interior plywood siding gives it an "unfinished" feeling that I wasn't very fond of.Frankly, it just wasn't that spectacular for the price. Perhaps we ordered the wrong dishes.
3	My friend and I decided to check Mi Peru out for lunch today. It's a nice place and their service was pretty good. I haven't had too much experience with Peruvian food but I enjoyed my meal here. I wouldn't say it was amazing, but it was tasty. I had the Estofado de Pollo, which is chicken stewed in tomato sauce with potatoes, and it comes with some steamed rice. My friend had the Seco de Carne, which is stewed beef in a cilantro sauce, served with potatoes, rice and beans. I tried the beef and it was VERY tender. The flavor was also pretty good. The portions are pretty big, so we didn't have room for dessert.
5	If you have been to Peru and love the food - you WILL love this place too! The flavor of the meats are delicious. You will not be disappointed. For a real peruvian meal experience order either Inka Cola or Chicha Morada as your beverage. For appetizer, order the papa a la huancaina. If you like raw fish, get the ceviche de pescado too! They have a website with picture and the menu in case you want to explore more. If you are a meat and potatoes fan - you will love peruvian food. I enjoyed the pollo saltado and anticucho de pollo or lomo. You will want to go again and again!
4	I probably never would have tried Mi Peru had it not been for Groupon. It's on the other side of town, and I had never heard of it before. Fortunately, Groupon came along and helped introduce us.For an appetizer we had causa de tuna which was consisted of tuna salad, mashed potatoes, and a hard boiled egg. I never would have thought to pair tuna and mashed potatoes, but it was surprisingly good.I had a Cusquena (Peruvian beer) to wash it down. It was pretty good.For our entrees we had tallarin saltado (chicken and spaghetti) and the anticucho combo (chicken breast, beef tenderloin, and beef heart kabobs). Both meals were very good. I preferred the tallarin saltado since it was a little more unique.As a side dish we ordered canchita (deep fried corn). It was basically like corn nuts with a tasty sauce. I liked it quite a bit.While Mi Peru is kinda far from us, I'll probably go back. The food was very good an unique.
5	I was working in Henderson for a few months and happened to find Mi Peru via Yelp and by a local Peruvian co-worker's recommendation. I was hooked after my first meal and made a point of eating there at least once a week during my extended stay. The restaurant is decorated in simple but good taste. It is a small family owned restaurant. Cleanliness is key for me and I always checkout the restrooms of where I dine - that always give you a good idea of what the sanitation practices of a place. The restaurant was clean and pleasant overall. The star of place is definitely the food. In my multiple visits, there was nothing that I could say I didn't like. I am the type of person who tries to stay away from restaurants that are "Americanized" to suit locals' taste buds. I love the flavors authentic ethnic cuisines have to offer and Mi Peru definitely does a great job of this. I make a point of visiting a Peruvian restaurant when I find one in whatever city I am in, and Mi Peru is one I can't stop talking about. The quality and the affordable price of the "Tiradito". This is a raw fish dish similar to sashimi, but differs from ceviche in the cut of the fish and lack of onions. It is typically served with sweet potato and corn with a citrus sauce. The tiradito is a must have. The second dish I love from Mi Peru is the "Causa" - made with mashed potatoes, canned tuna, hard boiled egg, avocado and lime juice. I would have never tried it from just reading the description on the menu but tried it since my friend had highly recommended. It was delicious. The way the flavors blended together was surprising. I made sure to order this as often as possible as well. I tried the lomo saltado, the choros a la criolla, pollo a la brasa, ceviche and the arroz con pollo when I was with a larger group. You just couldn't go wrong with any of these dishes. The next time I am in Vegas, I will make sure to dine in Mi Peru again even if it out of the way. Mi Peru now the restaurant I compare all Peruvian restaurants to.
4	I came in for dinner yesterday.. I had the Arroz con Pollo and it was the BOMB! i hadn't had chicken in a while and the flavors were right on and it wasnt greasy or dry.my fam that i was with enjoyed there food although they was some confusion with the menu. My fam said the steak was a little dry but they are picky but IDK for sure.The ingredients were fresh and the flavors were amazing!Peruvian Beer is good.. I only took a sip of both options.If u want to drink something other than soda or water  The Purple Drink is good.  (made there fresh takes 4 hours.)
4	The food has been great every time! The ambiance is okay, and the large windows with hard flooring makes temperature control a little card ( hot in summer, and cold in winter)  but the food and service make up for it. I would recommend trying anything on the menu, so far I haven't found anything I didn't like.
2	Having been living off dennys and fast food for 3 days I was dying for something to curb my foodie cravings. I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. I like Peruvian food and was hoping it was as good as the place I go to back home. Well, I came here for lunch at around 2pm and the place was empty. never a good sign. We sat down and got menus and the prices were shocking. Plates ran anywhere from $11 to $16. No way am I going to pay that much for Peruvian food at lunch time. And they only have Pollo ala Brasa after 4pm?? thats that all about? needless to say I left without eating.
5	I want to give this place six stars because it's so good, but I apparently don't have that option. Sucks. I love this place, guys. I really do. They have really good food here, and it's truly the best Peruvian food I've had in Las Vegas, on par with El Rocoto in California. Not only that, but it's nice to go to a Peruvian place that has a real restaurant feel to it - some Peruvian places are a little bit more dumpy, where this place is really dressed up. Win for this place, my friends. But I won't bore you with details of the decor (it's tasteful), the staff (friendly and polite), or parking (plentiful!). Let's talk food. The food here is great. That's all there is to it. Please, please, please listen to me when I recommend that you get the jalea for your party. Trust me. It's so good it'll knock your socks off. Plus, the dish is huge! I order that just so that my date/family/whomever-I'm-eating-with eats that and leaves my plate alone. Plus, the red diced onions?! I could eat those as a dish. Whatever you eat, you need to drink chicha. It's a purple maiz drink, which makes it sound gross. Except it's the exact opposite of gross! It's an epic win! If you're not feeling that adventurous, try the Inca Kola. My non-Peruvian friends tell me it tastes like bubblegum, though I say it tastes like happiness. Also, try the lucuma ice cream. I really have no way of telling you how good this is, other than to tell you it's amazing. Everything here is good. The lomo saltado, ceviche, jalea... everything. It's really good food! I'm trying to think of more things to say that will tell you how good it is, but I can't. Because my work schedule was nuts for a while, I haven't been here in forever. I need to come back here soon, so you'll probably see me here when you come!
3	So I ate here one time with a group of my friends who had just returned from a trip to Peru.  I had their chicken fried rice, which was tasty, and it looked good, and it was really quite fine, but nothing spectacular.  The server was very nice and split our bill up for us which was nice since it was a group of 10.  He didn't even add gratuity on which was kind of surprising, although of the pleasant variety.  My friends all enjoyed their meals, and the arroz con pollo my friend had looked and smelled good too.  On the whole, I was happy with the meal and the service, but I doubt I'll be back here any time soon unless I'm in this part of town.
5	ohh God this food is awesome!! this restaurant is totally the best peruvian restaurant in vegas!!, in Nevada!! i tried lomo saltado, my favorite dish, it tasted like heaven, since I moved from california, I've been searching for a really good peruvian restaurant, thanks God I found u guys.
5	A while back I bought a Groupon for Mi Peru because I've never tried Peruvian food before.  And boy am I glad I did!  This place is homey and quaint but don't let that fool you, their food is superb.  I tried the deep fried yucca root, which ended up tasting pretty close to a french fry, and their house specialty Seco de Carne- a pot roast type of dish that was absolutely delicious!  My parents both enjoyed their meals fully, each of them tried a different type of kabob.  I will definitely be heading back soon to try out their other specialties!
4	Fantastic place! Simple yet lovely decor, very welcoming... We went here for a friend's birthday gathering and everyone at the table would probably give their dish 4-5 stars. The food here is absolutely fantastic... very authentic and hearty. The portions are ideal and there is something on the menu for everyone. The server recommended an amazing dish for me and was attentive the entire time we were there. I had the fried fish with shrimp sauce and rice but was also able to try their steak, rice, beef skewers, and variety of seafood. Needless to say, I enjoyed every bite :). I highly recommend going here and we will definitely be back!
5	Always great service and great food here.  It is all cooked to order so it is always fresh.  We have never hadba bad meal or bad service here.  The prices are reasonable as well.
5	Over the past 6 months my wife and I have tried just about every dish on the menu and we've liked them all! It's great having a restaurant like this in Henderson. We usually start with papas a la huancaina and go from there!
5	I've been here about 6 times now, and everytime has been a great experience. The staff were friendly and made several recommendations, even explaining the regional origins of several dishes. The food is high quality, and worth the price. I know many of the ingredients are costly to order for this establishment, which is what makes it so good and fresh. I have had many of the beef dishes, chicken, and others and every one has been excellent! Go visit, you won't be sorry! To the owners- Keep up the good work and quality of your food!
3	When you walk in, you feel like you are walking into the humid rain forests of Peru, but that's because their air conditioning is not working or is off LOL!  Today, my friend and I came to Mi Peru for our lunch.  Ambiance- I haven't been to Peru but I think this restaurant embodies what I would expect to see in Peru. Lots of wood carvings, Latin prints and what seemed like an Alpaca fur rug. One of their walls is made of ply wood with its original "Home Depot" stamping...how vintage! LOL Their bathrooms are single stall bathrooms and seems clean enough.  They have a couple of TVs playing the game and the servers are dressed in black button downs and slacks with a long apron. Food- I ordered the chicharrones for $11.95.  As stated on the menu, it's a traditional Peruvian dish, crispy and tender pork chunks. Served with salsa criolla and yams, which I've substituted with rice.  I could tell the rice was cooked in some kind of broth, because there was a lot of flavor.  The chunks of pork was super tender and was really marbleized.  I think that's a really good thing!  I also think they used cumin because there was a smokey taste to it.  Wasn't a lot of salt so I added some.  Later I discovered that the salsa, a combo of red onions and tomatoes, was to be eaten together and brought an insane combination with the pork.  My friend who had the yams instead of the rice seemed to really enjoy it as well.  All in all, the server was really pleasant and very efficient since we told him we were on our lunch break.  I had a great first impression of the place and will be returning to Mi Peru to try other dishes :)
5	I can't even tell you how wonderful the peruvian cuisine is here. Actually, I can. I went to this place because I live very close by. I didn't expect much when walking in. Decor is cool, but it was not busy at all which worried me. We asked the waiter what his fave dish was and he said the Lomo Saltado. I ordered it and fell in love the minute the food touched my lips. It's quality beef strips, sauteed with white onions and sliced tomoatoes. It is cooked in a vinegar/beer marinade and tossed with french fries. My husband got the Milanesa. It is breaded steak with a side of a beautiful pesto pasta. We haven't tried any seafood here but that happens to be one of their specialties. This place is perfect for a date night, or bringing family to for a night of great food.
5	I was originally very nervous coming here due to the fact that my boyfriend loves to horrify me about peruvians eating guinea pig.  However... for my more conservative people out there ...do not be afraid. I was completely blown away with how awesome everything was. Sure ...certain entrees cost a little more... around 20.  But the amount of food they give you is insane. Its like ordering two orders at a normal place. The rest of the menu is completely within range of normal food prices.I had beef kabobs and my boyfriend had a giant seafood platter. Everything was cooked to perfection and the quality was amazing. Love that the food is spiced well, different, and tasty.  They have healthier options as well as fried stuff when youre in the mood to be a fatty. The place itself is really welcoming. We showed up 10 minutes before closing and the staff were really nice and did not make us feel like an obligation. They gave us things to snack on while we waited for our take out and had some beers. I never once felt rushed. Even though we showed up 10 minutes before closing on a monday, the food was made to order and did not taste like we'd been given the leftover scraps of the day. I Cant wait to try other things on the menu!!Seriously. GO HERE
4	Great food, good beer. It was really nice to have South American food while staying here in Henderson, it tasted almost just like when I was in Peru. Only complaint here would be the check that took a little long to get to the table.
2	My brother took the whole family to eat here n all I could say I've tasted better food. The food was alright nothing to be amazed about I rather eat my step-dads food which he cooks some good Cuban food. Wouldn't bother coming here again.
3	Holy corn kernel, Batman!  They must import special (heirloom?) varieties of corn with giant chewy kernels that is served as an appetizer with a delicious dip.  We've eaten here small handful of times and have had decent experiences.  First, Peruvian food in general is pretty heavy on meats, beware vegetarians.The style of the food is pretty simple, some chicken/fish/meat, stewed in tomatoes (of sorts), and often over rice.  My experiences with the chicken have been moist and relatively flavorful, but pretty tame on the spice.The flavors are interesting in the Pescado con salsa de camarones (fried fillet of tilapia-esque fish, with a tomato based shrimp sauce).  It was light and pleasant.Estofado de Pollo.  This is a chicken stewed in tomato sauce and Peruvian spices and served with steamed rice.  It was a pleasant, simple flavor, reminding me of home cooking.I have had the cevice a couple of times, sometimes limey and delicious, others it has been a bit "off".  Overall, the flavors are often subtle, good, and reminiscent of general purpose comfort foods.  the style is not hot, punch you in the face spicy like Thai and Indian cuisine, but hearty and soothing.  It's not my favorite style of food (I like my flavors a bit more bold), but good for a change every now and then.
3	The food was "OK". It has great reviews so we decided to try it out. We had some tuna with mash potatoe appetizer sprinkled with raw onions and a green sauce.  That was good! The steak and plantains were pretty greasy and it actually made my stomach hurt for a couple days. I don't think I'd recommend this just cause if the grease but if you can handle it then it's a must try.
5	I've been trying to find the right combination of platters for a perfect Peruvian meal. The last feeding that took place was "great success"!We start right off the bat with fish ceviche, mussels, and a side order of cilantro rice.  The ceviche and mussels are always on point.  The fish ceviche had a perfect acidic marinade to it. The tomato and onion garnish was always refreshing everytime I inhaled a mussel. The cilantro rice combos well with these two appetizers. I can easily get full off of these orders.I always get the beef kabobs. They are always tender.  Whatever they marinate the kabobs in, tends to make it a tad bit salty. I think it's supposed to be on the salty side.  Whatever it is, it makes me keep ordering it whenever I'm feeding there. I'd like to order something else, but those damn kabobs man...Great Success!!!
4	This was much less than I expected as far as atmosphere, but exceed on flavor. It is a small mom and pop, with posters on the wall and hard wooden chairs. That said, the food was delicious!. Lacking in presentation, but full on flavor. I had the kabobs. Gave the beef heart to my friend and I had the chicken and beef tenderloin. Sooo tender, and full of a slow cooked flavor I can't fully describe. Out of this world. The side dishes need improvement, I got 1.5 boiled potatoes, and some hard white beans. But I will go back for that meat again. My friends all enjoyed their dinners as well.
4	3.75 stars based on a single visit. I loved the traditional chicken soup (note to self: order one for the whole table, or make it your meal) and the special stew (sorry, forgot the name) was really yummy. Everything was well flavored and the staff was friendly and courteous. I would definitely go back to this place...
5	My husband and I went for the first time the other night and this place was awesome! The food was very tasty!  Service was good. Wait time for food not bad. We went on a week night so there were not that many people. Definitely going here again!!
5	My friend and I went there yesterday 1/10/13. We had our reservations about the place due to the lack of activity around the restaurant and the handful of tables occupied. However the waiter/host/server turned everything around in terms of service and attitude. The food is priced slightly above average, but as the others described in here, well worth every penny and then some. The chicken and beef kabobs were extraordinary. Even the regular chicken fried rice was delicious, fresh and flavorful.  The wine was fresh and perfectly matched with the meals.Good service and great food. Don't let the price scare you, the food quantities and quality more than make up for it. Needless to say, i will go here again and again.
1	Ordered take-out today and I was very disappointed for various reasons:1. SLOW SERVICE.When I came to pick up the food, the restaurant was stark empty. It had been 20 minutes since I phoned in the order but the food wasn't ready yet. Did I mention the restaurant was stark empty?2. WRONG ORDERThen, I got home and opened the to go box and lo and behold it was the wrong order! I had ordered the lomo saltado (beef dish) and they ended up giving me a chicken and rice dish. It should have at least been within the same species! 3. UNDERCOOKED CHICKENSo I'm already annoyed that they gave me the wrong order. But then we cut into the chicken and the damn thing is bleeding. 4. TERRIBLE AJI SAUCEDid anyone at the restaurant taste test the sauce? It wasn't even "salty" I was literally eating a pile of salt stirred into cream. 5. MY OTHER ORDER THEY MANAGED TO GET RIGHT: AGUADITO CON POLLOSThis is the description on the menu: "a classic soup made of chicken thighs with cilantro, rice, diced potatoes, vegetables and peruvian spices." Well there was some chicken thighs, 1/2 of a potato, few slices of carrot, and the broth did not tantalize me with the supposed peruvian spices. $10 soup, common now!I've eaten here, on site and take-out, about 5 times and each experience was a shaky 3 stars for me. Eeks, now they've really made it hard for me to go back!
4	I am a big fan of Peruvian food.  My description of it would be Asian/Latin fusion - both of which I love. Our group started off with ceviche (little chunks of white fish marinated in lime sauce), Choros a la Criolla (mussels), and Tiradito (carpaccio style fish in lime sauce).  All of it was really delicious.  I just love the lime sauce with the fresh seafood.  As my friend stated, she could just eat the ceviche all day long every day - and it's healthy!I ordered the beef tallarin saltado - which is this noodle dish.  At Mi Peru, the noodles are like spaghetti noodles, but it's tossed with tomatoes, beef, onions, and this very light and flavorful brown sauce. It's my favorite Peruvian dish, but I prefer it from Little Dumplings on Eastern.  I usually order the Chauffa special (combination fried rice) but I was just too full already from the apps that I decided to skip it.Both the service and food are stellar so I am always confused as to why it's so dead every time I go.  Someone said maybe they need to market better.  Either way, I highly recommend to anyone to give it a try because Peruvian is the BOMB!Though I like the food from Little Dumplings just a little bit more, Mi Peru definitely wins in the decor, service and ambiance section.  The restaurant is very cute and romantic.  This would be a great date spot.  They also serve alchohol, which I don't think Little Dumplings does.
5	NOM NOM NOM. Whenever we come here, the first two things we order is the fish ceviche and the mussels! The ceviche is perfectly limey and sour and delicious and the mussels have this awesome pico type garnish on top of them!  SOOOO good! I really don't need to eat ANYTHING else when I come here as this is thje main reason I come here! Those two items are a MUST TRY!
5	I was very surprised when I walked in here.  It's tucked into the back of a quiet and clean strip mall, so I wasn't expecting something with this much personality and flavor.I've never been to Peru, or any of South America, for that matter.  But I've had a great meal before, and you can find it here.  The tastes were brilliant, and the food was fresh and interesting.The Chicarones (fried and grilled pork) just melted right on your tongue, and its fatty delicious goodness reminded you that yes there is a god, he is good, and he blesses us with good food like this.They've got South American beers and all sorts of region specific things to order.  A friend of mine ordered the purple corn drink, which was similar to Horchata without the milk.  Whatever the context, you can be sure that if you find your way here you'll leave satisfied, and if you're like me and haven't tried this type of food before - you'll leave a new fan.
4	First, the positive: the shrimp ceviche was the best I've had in Las Vegas - hands down. Amazing. The cilantro chicken dish I tried was also very good. The not-quite-so-positive: my wife's steak was overcooked and bland. Also, with an shared appetizer and entree each, it quickly turned into a $55 lunch - and we don't even drink. Next time I think I'll just order the appetizer as my meal and I will be a happy camper!
5	We went in here again last night for dinner, and once again, I was surprised to see it so dead.  There were maybe 2 other tables the entire time we were there.  It's so cute, the service is great, and best of all, the food is amazing.We ordered the ceviche and this tuna thing.  OMG, the tuna thing is melt in your mouth delicious.  The ceviche, as always, was on point.  This is really the best ceviche I've ever had from any restaurant.  Next came the combo anticuchos with shrimp instead of beef hearts because...well, I'm just not into beef hearts.  We also ordered the lomo tallarin saltado but this time it came with the wider fettucini style noodles instead of the spaghetti style noodles.  I'm not sure why, but this makes such a huge difference in this dish.  It was so good!  I daresay it's on par with Little Dumplings now.  The last dish we got was the Chauffa Esecial - Peruvian fried rice.  So good!They had a special on a bottle of Gauchos Malbec, which tasted exactly as it was described to us.  It was the perfect pairing for the perfect meal.  Mi Peru is a true hidden gem and I hope more people get attuned to it because it would be a shame if it closed down.
4	Just had lunch here and it was good. Empty, but good. Had cevice pescador, fresh fish and large portion. Service was good as it should have been after all, I was the only one there.
5	tWe tried this place on a whim on a Monday night. And we arrived pretty late. But the wait staff were still accommodating. We ordered the green muscle ceviche app, the pescado sudado, and some extra cilantro rice. I can honestly say that it was one of my best meals in Vegas and I've been a lot of places including the high end joints. The muscles were fresh and the marinade they were in was light and perfectly balanced. The fish was incredible...light, succulent and melted in your mouth with an amazing sauce that went perfectly with both the plain and cilantro rice. This may be my new favorite place. For the quality the prices are more than fair. I can't wait to go back.
4	i am Peruvian, so i am picky about the Peruvian restaurants i go to. i came here a few weeks back and it was pretty good. the portions were decent enough to share with another person as well. i had the aji de gallina and ceviche mixto. the ceviche was AMAZING and it had pure, authentic flavor. the aji de gallina was ok but it was lacking some spice and authentic flavor. i was kinda upset when i ordered lucuma ice cream and they were out =[, only thing they had was mini alfajores, which were pretty good as well. I gave it four stars because the service was fast, the staff was super friendly, and the food was enjoyable. only downfall of the place is that the food is a bit overpriced.spice up the food a bit more, and it would be almost perfect.ill most likely come back for more food and to try out their other dishes.
4	This was the first place I ate in Vegas when I arrived this summer and it just happened to be across the street from where I'm staying--Awesome. I've had Peruvian before, at a couple places in LA including Mario's. But this place was way more memorable: Food: I ordered the 1/2 chicken while my roommates go varieties of pollo saltado and fried rice. The portions were huge! At least 1.5 servings of food per person, the only reason we were able to finish was because everything tasted so good. My chicken was cooked perfectly with the right amount of crisp and it was still juice, it even came with fries! My entire group thoroughly enjoyed their food. But the main kicker was the...SAUCE! I can't take too much heat even though I'm Korean, but the two sauces they passed out were super addicting despite how spicy they were. If the waitress serves just one sauce, ASK FOR THE OTHER ONE! One of my roommates actually asked her if they sold bottles, it's that good. Environment was your typical mom & pop shop, I'm assuming it's family owned. Food was awesome with great flavor, waitress was really patient with us and helped us navigate the menu, and I'll definitely be back for that sauce. Highly recommend!
5	After living two years in Peru, I always like scouting out Peruvian restaurants wherever i travel. This place was one of the best and most authentic i have tried. We are going back. We have tried the Tallarines Verdes, Aji de Gallina, Bistec a lo Pobre, and the Causa and it was all delicious
4	I've had my share of Peruvian places in California, but this place is pretty good! We ordered the Lomo Saltado which didn't disappoint, side of plantains which I always have to get, and arroz con mariscos. I would come back.
4	Fantastic dinner at Mi Peru.  The food came quickly and was very easy to share, family style.  We had ceviche, soup, fried yucca, and rotisserie chicken, along with the sweet corn drink.  All was delicious.  Staff was very friendly.
5	This place is amazing!!! The flavors, the spices...it's so incredibly delicious! Peruvian cuisine is so tasty. My gf got the mixed meat rice dish and I got the seco de carne... Both were huge portions and every bite was perfection. The green sauce they make is addictive - spicy, garlicky, and all goodness. The prices are totally good & we had our leftovers for breakfast the next day!! Totally coming back for more.
4	The food here is fun and unique - plus yummy!  The whole family liked what we ordered.  I had fried pork and yams my girls both loved the chicken and steak with rice and a soy sauce - I definitely felt like I was back in South America.I was surprised at how quite it was but as it got later, more customers strolled in.  I think the restaurant must get busier as it gets later in the evening.  Looking for something unique but easy to get in and out?  Try Mi Peru.
5	Excellent food if you see the beef heart kabobs on the menu I suggest ordering them atmosphere friendliness service all 5 stars!
5	This place had the best civiche I have had the pleasure of tasting. The owner was friendly and made sure we were comfortable . Location is a bit hidden but worth finding. I also had the aji de gallina and it was delicious.Next time I'm in Henderson i will stop by again!!
5	While vacationing in Vegas I decided to stop here before coming back home.  As a Peruvian am always questionable if the food is going to be good.  This place shut me the heck up!!! HA! the Ceviche was so good! with the sweet potato warm just like they serve it in Peru.  I also had the pescado sudado ... VERY GOOD! the owner was super nice and I will stop here every time I go to Vegas! DELICIOUS!
4	Amazeballs Ceviche! We'll be going back especially for the ceviche. Beware of the prices... The beer and wine prices (at least the Peruvian) weren't on the menu, not that that was the only factor to the price. But with tip out bill was over $100 for two entree's, 1 beer, 2 wines and the ceviche... didn't see that coming. We've driven past this place too many times to count but finally tried it. Very glad we did but we didn't see the check coming in so high. Beyond that the food was great! We were the only people in there at 6pm on week night. We'll be back for sure
3	Meh. I'm kinda surprised that Mi Peru has such high ratings! It was my first time trying Peruvian food and I'm still a little undecided about it.FOOD:- lomo saltado (but with fish!) - I don't eat beef so we asked to substitute it with fish and they did! This was very very good and HUGE portions!- chauffa de pollo - this basically tasted like chicken fried rice. Quite disappointed in this. We ended up combining both dishes to make our own! :)SERVICE: Extremely friendly! Mi Peru was SO DEAD when we came here on a Friday night. There were two other couples eating but it was very very quiet. There seemed to only be one lady but she came to check in on us several times and was very friendly and nice.I'd definitely give Peruvian food another try but not sure if it will be back at Mi Peru.
5	Best Ceviche & chicha Morada outside of Peru.  Ceviche is very fresh just like the costal towns in Peru. I travel a lot and I can say we are very lucky to have a restaurant of this Caliber in Las Vegas. None of the top notch restaurants in the strip that serve ceviche come close to freshness, taste and authenticity of this establishment. Their chicha Morada is homemade and it blows other similar drinks to pieces.  I always passed by this restaurant and was reluctant to try it at first since the shopping center it is located is large and secluded.  I now regret why I did not try this restaurant earlier. Don't make the mistake I made....you may regret it!
4	We were pretty impressed with the food.  We split the ceviche (YUM) appetizer.  Perfectly tangy and flavorful.  I had seco de carne... the beef was moist and tender, and the vegetables, beans and rice were a great compliment.  He had the anticuchos combo, and the meat tasted right off the grill.We do think it's a little overpriced for the area and what you get, but it was a good meal and good service.  The music is Peruvian, but the pan flute gets a little tiresome after 45 minutes or so.  Will definitely come here again for a special occasion.
4	Pretty good peruvian food. Kinda on the pricy side. But still good. Only negative thing I can say is ... Shame on you for using white onions!
4	So, I was in Vegas again and decided to try it again.  The ceviche was still GOOD.  Not as good as the first time but it was good.  The waitress forgot to bring an appetizer and brought me something else that I didn't order... :/ I still ate it... because I was too hungry to wait for what I originally ordered.  They had no bread at the start of my meal so I was very hungry... the wait was long.  Next time am in town I will give it another try... the food is still good just think the waitress/waiter should be a bit more attentive.
5	Excellent food and customer service. The food is authentic and delicious. The place is very clean and child friendly! The service is excellent and the food came out hot and quick. Lomo Saltado, papa la huancaina- oh my gosh!!! I never want to leave.
5	Fantastic food.  My husband I are always up for new experiences for food.  We stumbled across this place and love the Peruvian food.  The service was great the pricing was moderate.  Beef Hearts were incredible.  There canned Peruviab Cola tastes like bubble gum.  It was delicious.
4	After a day on the road on our way to Las Vegas we wanted good food. We stopped at Mi Peru at 8:45 at night right before closing and they took us in. We had a delicious feast of chicken skewers (very delicious), fried rice, and more. We also ordered a family favorite, fried plantains! Not only was the food delicious, the service was excellent and the portions are large. Don't let the strip mall setting turn you off. Mi Peru is worth your effort.
5	We had been meaning to go to Mi Peru for a little while now and finally went last night. Upon walking in and being seated, we immediately loved the local business feel of the restaurant. Both our hostess and out waiter were very friendly and giving it their all to every table. My husband and I really enjoyed our meals here as well. My only note is that my dish could have used more chicken, but it didn't detract. In the flavor profiles, you really get a sense that Mi Peru must get a lot of ingredients flown in because you wouldn't just find those flavors here. Mi Peru is definitely worth checking out. We will be back for sure.
1	Terrible customer service by waiter "Rosalba". I went in with my family for pollo a la brasa and wished we had gone somewhere else. First of all, Rosalba said they did not have pollo a la brasa and recommended that we try a different Peruvian restaurant. Huh? Why would you try to encourage your customers to go somewhere else? Obviously, Rosalba must not have felt like working. Every time we asked for something, she gave us an attitude. Very sad way to treat the customers.Next, I asked for one of their domestic beers. Again, Rosalba said they did not have any domestic beers but "Cristal." So if you don't have pollo a la brasa or domestic beers, then don't put it on your menu!We were very disappointed with the service so we decided we were not going to give a tip, little did we know Rosalba charged an 18% gratuity tip for a group of 5 adults. What?! Usually gratuity tips are for 6 or more. Rather than argue, we left and decided to never come back. Instead, I'm letting you know what to expect.It's really such a shame for a restaurant to hire employees that make the restaurant look bad and discourage customers from wanting to come back. You have been warned.
3	Food here was quite excellent. We ordered several dishes and everyone loved what they had. The pricing is a bit expensive for a lunch, but portions overall were quite large. At the table, we ordered the followingLomo saltadoAnticucho ComboTallarin SaltadoArroz con MariscosDespite the good food, service was really slow in getting the food, and the server didn't come by that often. Considering we were the only table for the longest time, I'm not sure why it took that long for the food to come out.
3	Food was good, but OH MY LARD was it SLOOOOWW. This was on mother's day 2013 and the place was full and there was 1 server, 1 busser, and I bet 1 cook. We were there 2 hours! :( The server was nice and felt bad and gave us this dried up homany looking thing while we waited an hour for our food. At least when the food finally came it was good. But we will not return, which is too bad because we live close to here.
5	This food warms my soul....and I'm from the Midwest!   So delicious.   The ceviche was amazing. Who knew that serving it with a room temperature potato and yam would be such a delectable combo.   Our entrees were amazing, as well.   Ask for the special green sauce,  it's amazing over the rice.     Save room for the coconut flan.We are already planning our next visit to Mi Peru.
4	Good food. It seems overpriced, but you get more than 1 full meal on your plate. If you box it up, you have at least a snack or more for later. The lomo soltado was good. The pork was a bit dry. Service was good, but there was only one other table.
4	Food was good. It was our first time here. We ordered Civeche for appetizer and I had Chaufa Rice for dinner. We will come back again and try other dishes.
4	This place has solid Peruvian food! The menu explains exactly what is in each dish, and the staff is very helpful if you have any questions.Most dishes come with fries and a sauce. I cannot, for the life of me, remember what the green sauce is called but it is delicious! I had a breaded chicken breast, seasoned with rosemary, thyme, and a plethora of other herbs, and it was delicious. The fries were crispy, not soggy, and they have a wide selection of drinks from South America. If you are in the mood for something different, try this hidden gem in Henderson!
4	Our phones tried to take us in to a gated community, but we happened to find this place. The service was prompt without being intrusive and the recommendations were spot on. The green mussels are a must.
2	Went a year ago for dinner and was not impressed.Went back today for lunch.  Incredibly slow service with minimal customers.  Prices are high for the product.  Food satisfactory but not great.Sign above set of doors says must always be open during business hours but 3/4 exit doors locked.  Major fire violation.Owner not present and it is apparent.
5	Mi Peru was a culinary adventure for me. The service was great and our waiter was happy to answer any of our newbie questions.  And menu was very explanatory. The South American flavors were new to me, but our meal was a wonderful combination of sweet and savory. A friend and I shared the Causa Tuna, Lomo Saltado, and a side of Platano frito (fried plantains). I was a little nervous about trying something so new and different,  but I was pleasantly surprised and will be back to try more of their dishes soon!
5	We have now been here 9 times and i can honestly say that it is an absolute gem, every time we have been we have had a new server but still a fantastic service, this is not a typical Vegas place this is not a strip property this is a legit mom and pop store with great ambience outstanding service and lets not forget the food which is absolutely spot on, consistently good and delicious!A must to try is the white fish Ceviche for a starter, the portion is generous and it is just a fantastic dish.We have tried a lot here and again it has all been great, if you have the chance please don't miss the opportunity to dine here, i don't care if you are a tourist or local this is a great place.
3	If you need a Peruvian food fix, and want good "lomo saltado" and a seafood mixto appetizer, then this is the place for you.  The lomo saltado is extremely plentiful and I love the French fries served with.  The rice is always perfectly done, too.  Ambiance is great, and service is always very good.  So why the three stars?  Over the course of 6 months their Aji Peruvian Green Sauce - what Peruvian food is also famous for - has completely gone downhill.  It simply lost it's spice.  I believe Mi Peru is a victim of its clientele (kinda like Lindo Michoacan.)  What I mean is, they took some of the spice out of the Aji sauce to make it more palatable for folks who can't take the heat.  I hate it when restaurants do this!!!  Stay genuine, my friends.  Stay genuine. Gosh I miss that sauce.
5	Great food and my favorite beer!Fresh seafood, juicy marinated chicken and beef served with spicy lime and chiles sauce, delicious corn and my favorite beer Cusquena.  What could be better?  The servers are so friendly and accomodating.  I would make this my regular place.
1	I have been to this restaurant many times and several have been bad experiences with the server. They need to find someone who cares about the service they provide to the customer! I won't be going back again... I think I have given them enough chances. Also if the menu says you have domestic beer, have it stocked.
1	Great food, AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE.I called earlier today and got transfered three times. The server I talked to didn't speak spanish at all and she didn't seem to understand the dish names. Therefore, she placed the wrong order. When I called back to fix it, they refused to do so and hung up on me. Their server, Anthony, was REALLY RUDE and ask me if I was actually going to go because I was "wasting his time". Extremely disrespectful.I'm really ashamed of peruvian restaurants with this horrible customer service and despiteful waiters. Food might be good, but definitely not worth it anymore.
3	This review is about a month overdue.  Experience:  Came with a group of folks to try something different.  Was looking forward to it, since I never had Peruvian food before. There was about 10 of us and we came at lunch time. Service:  The staff was still setting up when we came in, but were very helpful when we needed anything. Food:  They put down some corn nut type munchies that have a nice spicy green sauce that I just loved. I had a Peruvian friend who told me to try the Papa A La Huancaina. It was good, but a little rich. It was almost like a hollandaise sauce over boiled potato slices. Then we had the Yuquitas Fritas, and they reminded me of potatoes...maybe just a bit bland with some good sauce to dip it in. My main course was the Chicharrones.  It was roast pork with fried sweet potato slices and a hominy salad on the side.  I liked this dish, especially the pork. Facility:  The restaurant was a quaint little place that was kinda long and not wide. It sat our group fairly well.  It did have some Peruvian flair to the atmosphere with the decor. Overall:  this place was good, but not amazing.  I would come back with friends, but since it's out of the way, it will not be anytime soon.
5	This place is fantastic! I am originally from Miami and love Latin cuisine. These guys know their stuff! I got one of the beef dishes, with the fried egg on top! It was excellent. My husband got the mixed seafood over rice, it was also very good. We even tried the Peru beer and Malbec wine, both good. We will be back! And I will be bringing new guests to join!
5	Had to update my review as the owners took action on a few things.   They got a new chef!!!  This chef is getting the Aji sauce right.  The exact amount of seasoning and the overall food is much MUCH better.  Most Def 5 Star quality now.  Must haves: Llomo Saltado, Aji Sauce, Plantains, Seafood Mixto (Ceviche).  Enjoy!!
