3	I recently went to a concert held at the Sport Center.We found plenty of parking when we came even though it was close to the concert time. As we entered the venue, I could immediately tell that this place was small.There is a small entrance area where booths can be set up. From there, one can immediately walk straight and get inside the main area of the sport center. Across from the main area is some sort of playground or recreation area with fake trees. Right next to this were some old fooseball tables and a giant mickey mouse clock (hmm random but that was what was there).  If you keep walking pass the recreation area, there will be restrooms to the left and a pizza area to the right. There are also mini rooms near the food area where the front acts were getting ready. (These mini rooms are a bit weird because  it is only separated by a little gate and so people can totally see inside). The main stage was set up right in front of the pizza area.As we entered the main area for the concert, I saw immediately that the place was small. It's kind of like a high school gym. They had folks sitting up in bleacher style seats. Down at what I would call the court were folded chairs set up. Towards the back of the main area is a bar area (empty for this concert) and more restrooms. All in all this place is no Staples Center. It's really a small place for a concert venue and it's really old style. I actually didn't mind because it only meant there was no bad seat in the house since you could pretty much see the stage from wherever you sat.On a last note, the sound system of this place was not the best. It was broken at times and there were technical difficulties early on.Not the best place for a concert venue but the concert we went to was great so it worked out in the end. I'd rate this place between 2-3 stars. kina place.
2	Over-priced and under-cared for, the Sport Center is a memorial to what could have been if Vegas residents used this place or if the owners took care of it.  The building houses a Cross-Fit gym, batting cages, climbing wall and basketball court.  The basketball court is in great condition and is used for basketball camps.  The climbing wall is decent, but there's no marked climbs and the cost is pretty ridiculous ($8 a climb v. $10 a day in another climbing gym).  I went for the batting cages which have a great set up with a mock field and mock home run background.  However, the machines are old and not maintained well (4 out of every 14 pitches are low or deeply inside).  The batting cage cost is a little high too ($2 for 14 pitches).  This place could be amazing with the fake field and wall, but the poorly maintained machines and bad pitching ruin the place.All in all, this place is a monument to what could be an amazing local sports place/community center.  Instead, it's just a rundown place with moments of genius.
2	This place needs help. I came for the batting cages. It looked closed when I pulled into the big parking lot. But at the end of the creepily quiet building is where we buy the tokens for the cages. I only saw two employees for this place. I so wish more people come here. It could be a real hot stop.
2	A lot of what people wrote about the Sport Center is pretty much on point.  It is a good size complex with a large indoor basketball court, a climbing wall, an indoor play area, large spaces for events and outdoor batting cages.  However, it's sad to say that this place needs a lot of TLC.   I came here with my nephew for the batting cages because it is outdoors and according to the website, it was supposed to be a "state of the art outdoor batting cage park".  Well out of the 10 cages they had, almost half was out of order.  The balls were horrible, some of it missing chunks.  It's great how your view from the cage looks out into a field as if you're in a ballpark, but like I said previously, there is a lot of maintenance that this place, especially the batting cage area, could use.  I don't think there was any part about it that was state of the art.It's a bit sad because the place has a lot of potential and there doesn't seem to be many outdoor cages in Las Vegas, since I really haven't found any other yet.  The staff was very nice and though it wasn't ran in the best or most professional manner, I truly hope that somehow this place get's some type of funding to get a makeover and become a truly fun sports complex for the community.  I could be wrong, maybe they get lots of events here, but from the looks of it, I think it's probably had better days when it first opened its doors.
3	I went just for the batting cages.  It is the only cages I have ever been to that has a wall you can attempt to hit over.  A few of the cages were out of order, but since there weren't any other people there, it didn't matter to me.  The reason for the 3 stars is that there weren't enough balls in the machine and it ran out.  There is an attendant, but he was busy talking to some guy in a parking lot.  The price is a bit high...14 pitches for $2, but since there aren't too many cages in the LV area, I guess I will have to pay.
2	I was going here to expect the same large selection as was experienced at the Cashman Center gun shows but this one was more than disappointing . Parking was plentiful but I now know why . The Sport Center was small for a gun show  not giving you as much selection. Being in a wheelchair I dreaded  the fact that I had to roll down a large ramp to get to the main floor . Luckily my father was with me so he helped me to get back up. But usually my father isnt with me on these trips and I wouldn't even attempt to go down. I just bought my ammo.... looked around and left immediately ....  would not come here again.
2	Went to the speedway bike races.  The event was so unorganized that people were leaving before the main event including us. Races were supposed to start at 8:00 PM.  They didn't do the anthem till 8:30 which by the was the absolute worst I've ever heard. It was a Jimi Hendrix poser trying to play the national anthem on an electric guitar. I think I recognized about 3 notes. I think the races started about 8:45. The only highlights were, a really good 15 year old kid and his 13 year old brother beating every one on the track. and the HD street bikes on the track. You know there's going to be a crash.  Sure enough, after the race was the over, the winner, took the checkered flag to do a victory lap and crashed and took out a section of the wall. What an IDIOT! The $20 entry was a little steep too. There were 18 races, but it was the same people in each race, WHY? I don't think they could attract anymore racers.
4	Had great fun at the batting cages with my wife and daughter. As Swedes we are not fed with baseball in the mother's milk like the Americans are. We struggled to hit the baseball even at the slowest speed (40 mp/h), but after like 100 attempts we started to figure it out how to hit the %#%&" ball.A really great facility and a very helpful staff made this visit a pleasant one.
3	Nearly every BJJ and submission grappling tournament held in this entire state takes place in the good 'ole 'Sports Center of Las Vegas'. Why not somewhere nicer? Don't ask. Good:*Parking is free. And that sums it up.Bad: *Lines of sight are absolute shit.*Very few power outlets for charging electronics that will be in need of being charged when being at a day-long tournament.*Not enough restrooms. Not nearly enough. I do not want to get gross so I will leave it at that. PRO TIP: Bring babywipes. Hover.*Their recent (Spring 2013) policy obsession with enforcing/trying to enforce no outside food/drink. Look man, people are competing. You think they do not require special food or drinks? Your shitty food stand with inedible pizza and hotdogs and cornchips is not going to cut it. Get real. PRO TIP: Bring in outside food and drink in a large closed bag, say like a gigantic zippered-shut sports bag or military assault pack. They do not possess the time, manpower, or patience to go through any bags so they just turn you away if you have something in hand or in a shopping bag. I will say that their property manager or whoever it was that was there on that day laying down the law did reasonably help me out during the Las Vegas Open. Extra star for that.  - E
4	This place is good to come by and hit a couple balls in the batting cages . $2 = 1 token. 1 token = 14 pitches . Go karts are adult fun size fun, fast good track . They do have a wall to mountain climb . Great place to kill time on boring Friday nights .
1	I might of been able to write a review had I been able to use the batting cages!!!! Its Tuesday 715pm I came here to get a few practice swings in since its the closest place to my house and walked inside and waited for someone to get tokens and rent a bat but no one came! I walked to the consession stand and again no one there I walked around and waited for another 15 min so after 25 min of just standing and waiting and not a single person came out I decided to leave! I Should of listened to everyone on my team and stayed away from here they all said what a joke of a place this is and I gotta say I agree with them! Won't be back and unless ur into coming to a batting cage to just stare at it I would suggest u stay away away too!!
