5	Went in to Cigars Etc 2 to get some cigars and accessories for the first time. I am not an expert with cigars to say the least and it can be a little intimidating going into a cigar shop. However, I felt very comfortable at the store. It is not as foo foo as some of the other cigar shops around town. Which I liked. They didn't have the deserts and pastries as the foo foo places. Instead they had a decent beer selection. Which is what I prefer. They had a good variety of cigars in their walk in humidor. Cheap, expensive, and all flavors and types of cigars were available. As it was my first visit there, I needed a little help. The owner was super helpful and friendly. Had a good knowledge of his products and what may be best for me. Prices seemed to be reasonable and fair. The store itself has two separate lounge areas with leather sofas and chairs. One side had a tv with a movie playing and the other side was little more quiet and relaxing. In the middle was the counter/ bar area. Can not wait for the next visit.
5	Wow! This place is great! Two lounges and nice walk in humidor AND A FULL LIQUOR BAR!!!!....Owner is very helpful and knowledgable. Very comfortable place to unwind and reflect on your day with a good cigar. Not fancy, but very nice and comfortable. Plenty of parking for their stand alone location. Quite a pleasure!
5	Hello friends,I've been to a few cigar shops here in Charlotte, and this is the MOST laid back of them all. No frills. Some thrills. Think of it as a man's cave. Tv, pool table, beer, liquor, poker,lounge chairs,bar stools, joke telling & sh!t talking. I can smell testosterone as I type. When you walk in there will most likely be patrons yappin it up. I've been a few times and they always make you feel welcome. As they speak to you as if you grew up together. (Unlike a lot of faux posh places in Charlotte) And THAT is always a welcoming and inviting thing. Oh, yeah. The cigars. They have a nice selection. A walk in humidor. Membership price is GREAT as in not good,but GREAT. And something else that makes this place my favorite......they stay open late!!!! (and that gives it the EXTRA star to 5)Go enjoy,TTFN
5	This place is awesome. Went there for the first time yesterday and have never felt more welcome in any business. A great group of people, a decent bar, huge humidor and outstanding conversation. Stop in for a stick and stay a while.
