5	I am not a fan of East Towne Mall. Frankly, I hate all large malls. But I was hunting down this little cafe which was reviewed recently in Madison Magazine.I read a great review of their Russian Pelmeni and they were right. These little dumplings, filled with a mix of pork and beef were absolutely wonderful ($5.99). Made fresh, they were plentiful, moist, and flavorful. The side of spicy sour cream was just the right accompaniment.There is a bakery case filled with yummy looking treats. They had some excellent choices for a children's birthday party and the prices were very reasonable.The menu includes sandwiches on fresh baked bread, soups including borscht and potato, even PB&J for kids.Let's not let this this little jewel disappear. Try it and then tell your friends.
5	I revisited this little gem today. It was empty. The restaurant definitely needs signage and increased word of mouth . It is rare to find fresh food at a mall . Delicious soup, sandwiches and baked goods. It is a quiet spot away from the food court. I tried the homemade borscht which was fabulous. There was tender pieces of beef along with some greens and the beets. I also had the pelmeni again!I discussed with the owners that my friends include Jews and Muslims who do not eat pork . I learned that their homemade pirogi has a vegetarian filling and is made with same noodle as the pelmeni. I plan to try that next time . Please spread the word and support this oasis in a good food desert .
5	WOW! An amazing new cafe I recently discovered at East Towne Mall! It's away from all the food court madness, near Dick's store, with a very nice sit down area. And talking about food: it's delicious! I have tried a few luches already: soups are amazing, you can tell these are made from scratch. I love the multigrain bread too that they bake, I now have to get a loaf home every time I'm there.Their Russian pelmeni are a must try, as well as the potato filled Polish pierogies. I love the Beef Stroganoff too with it's slow cooked beef, yum.And don't forget to try the deserts! I love, love the Tres Leches cakes. Best Cake EVER!
5	ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS! The next time I need to bring a dessert for a party, I am coming here to get it. Love the sandwiches too! WOW!
5	Fantastic service & fantastic food.  In a mall.Don't let the unusual location fool you.  This place is legit. Fresh ingredients, house made soups, delicious cookies.  I will go to the dreaded mall again just to eat there.
5	I really liked this place. I thought it was unusual and interesting. I got the veggie pelmeni (potato dumplings) and loved them and had a White Zombie latte and LOVED it. It is very strange to see a place like this (independent, different food, also a bakery that does catering) in a place like East Towne Mall. I hope this place makes it. The lady working there was very nice, and I want to come back soon and sample something (anything!) from the bakery case. If you're at East Towne and in search of something to eat, check this place out. They have other things, too, sandwiches and maybe soft tacos or something? I forgot - I was dazzled by the dumplings.
1	I was at East Towne Mall today and being a warm day a smoothie sounded like a good idea. So I came across Belle Pizzelle and ordered a strawberry smoothie. Little did I know the series of disasters I was in for. The first attempt consisted of about 3 strawberries and lots of ice and water. It was a watery pink color and cold but that's the only positive thing I can say about it. It was a nearly tasteless but sort of sweetish watery ice slush. Not quite sure how this was worth $4.50. Or couId be called a smoothie.  I tasted it and immediately commented that it had no taste and asked for my money back. But the attendant offered to try again using ice cream (?? was I getting a strawberry milkshake but hey that would be an improvement) so I agreed. In the meantime someone else ordered a strawberry smoothie so we both stood there watching the comedy act to follow. 2 plastic cupfulls of what looked like hard vanilla ice cream, 6 tiny strawberries (yes we counted) and more ice and water. But unfortunately this new concoction wouldn't blend in the blender so more and more water was added until it sort of blended with lots of poking inside the blender cup to dislodge the mess inside. 2 people were now working on it. This was then put in cups and served to us. One taste and I nearly spit it out. Imagine extremely watered down ice cream with ice chunks and no strawberry taste whatsoever. Refund next and left.  Very sad. Hopefully their other menu items are an improvement or it's impossible to see how this place would be in business. Would highly recommend a new smoothie recipe!!
