5	Family Owned Business. Very professional. They did such a great job on our floors! Very knowledgable and honest about their work! Would use them again!!
5	I recently moved into a home that had been previously occupied by three bachelor tenants + a dog. I picked up on the smell after the cleaning fumes had subsided; the house smelled strongly of dog pee and I was about to move in. So not good.As most homes in Phoenix, my home is mostly tile. Specifically, tumbled travertine...so not only do I have grout lines between tiles, but I have grout across the surface of the distressed tiles. This was especially unlucky for me, because all those pee puddles that had been left unattended by the prior tenants had soaked themselves throughout the tile in the house and was giving off a foul, foul collective odor. I did TONS of research online looking for chemicals and/or companies who could rid  and neutralize the grout / tile of the scent and stains. Every product I found led to a slew of negative reviews from disappointed and frustrated customers who said it was expensive and didn't work. Then, I happened upon an ad for Bakers Travertine Power Clean. Skimming the website, it seemed like they knew their stuff. I liked that they were a small, family-owned business who had been in business for several decades. I immediately phoned and talked with the owner. I told him my problem and  what I had read about such-and-such chemicals and their efficacy. He was very kind and took the time to explain how urine affects tile & grout, and what was required in terms of chemicals and equipment to adequately remove any stain and neutralize the odor. The chemicals that I had thought would solve my problem would likely damage the tile further -- so much for online forums.Tom explained that the equipment they use sends the cleanser into the floor at 1200 psi (pressure per square inch). Carpet cleaning machines operate at 400 psi. That power would ensure that the cleanser would be pushed deep into the grout where the urine had cut itself into and settled. I had spoken to another tile company who recommended that I purchase their cleaner than apply it by hand with a toothbrush. After talking to Tom this didn't seem like it would help as it would only "clean" the surface of the grout and would leave the real odors untouched. Also I had a ton of tile, and that seemed like an arduous task. It was a no-brainer who had the better option.My landlord had given me an impossible budget to solve this problem. Tom and his team worked miracles to help me. They were quick to respond, and after a few hours my house smelled brand new and the tile looked sparkling clean. Several weeks later and NO smell has resurfaced. I can't tell you how relieved I am.These guys are passionate about tile to a degree I can't even comprehend. They know their stuff, go the extra mile (or ten) to ensure the job is done correctly, and are exceptionally kind and patient while providing the information you need to confidently make a decision. They also taught me how to maintain and clean my tile going forward so I can keep my tile looking great. I really couldn't be more thrilled or grateful to these guys and highly recommend them.
5	The Bakers have actually done my house twice now.  I searched online 2 years ago and found they're reviews as 5 stars everywhere and decided to call.  I received 5 star service the first time as well as the second time.  They are very knowledgeable about floors and travertine as well as sell travertine cleaning solutions which are hard to get in regular stores.  Would definitely recommend again.
5	I recently had the Saltillo tile in my  house cleaned by Baker's Travertine Power Clean.  Amy and Tom came out to do the initial consultation - they answered all of my questions,  gave me some options and were very friendly and caring.   I was so impressed  that I was reluctant to even get a second quote but I did.  The second quote was much higher and the company seemed to push me stripping the entire floor (instead of just cleaning) and resealing at a price twice as much as Baker's.  It was a no brainer - I went with the Baker's.    Miles the head of the team came to the house and explained everything in detail -  He was very patient and pleasant and explained the process, timing and what to expect. . He gave excellent input  regarding how many coats of sealer to put on and as a result I was extremely happy with the final product.!!!   Being an artist with a critical eye,  the floor passed with flying colors.   If you want great service, unbeatable price and the service of people who are passionate about what they do, then search no more, Baker's Travertine Power Clean is a company you will be very happy with.  I highly recommend them.
5	EXCELLENT job! Quick call-back, on time, dependable, clean, friendly, knowledgeable and did a fantastic job on our travertine floors! The owners are involved and their team has a great work ethic. So hard to find people who actually care about the job they do - these guys have it down. I will use them again and highly recommend them.
5	Very professional from the free quote all the way through the cleaning process. I would definitely use this company again to clean my natural stone floors.
5	I recently purchased a home with multicolor slate floors and travertine showers.  The original owner remodeled over 10 year ago and installed slate and travertine on the inside, the most recent owner (prior to me) spent 4 yrs in the house and added slate on the outside.  When I asked about the care of the stone, I could never get a straight answer regarding the maintenance that had been done to the floors and showers.  All I know is that the floors looked dull and the showers had calcium build up; they needed help.  I had 4 companies come look and give quotes to restore the stone. The range of advice I got was all over the map.  I selected Tom and Co. based on his knowledge and passion of stone restoration.  After spending two day with Tom and his team, I can proudly say I made the right decision.  Tom is a bit of a chatter box, but he definitely has skills in this area.  He's like a stone detective.  He knew exactly what had been done to my stone and he treated it accordingly.  The results are awesome.  Tom took his time and did not cut corners.  He was very professional and I will hire him again (just not too soon) to keep the floors and showers looking like a million bucks.
5	Wow!  The BEST company ever.  So professional and hard working.  My tumbled travertine has never looked this great.  Don't even bother to use anyone else.  Very fair price too.
3	We had our travertine floors and shower cleaned this week by Baker's.  The floors look really nice, so I'll give them 4-5 stars for the actual cleaning job. The problem was that they left a huge mess behind.  :(  All of my fixtures have grout smeared across the handles from the guys turning on and off the water and rinsing their hands/tools.  My removable shower head is all sticky and spotted - I assume from the sealant?  I don't even know how to get that clean.  And we've got tile/grout dust all over our granite countertops and everything on them.  I wasn't aware that we'd have to bring in a cleaning crew to clean up after our travertine cleaning.  Just keep this in mind before bringing them into your home.
