4	This is my go-to pizza joint. I've been here numerous times and the pizza is always delicious. My favorite is the Barro's Special (Pepperoni, ham, onions, green pepper and mushrooms). It's a nice thick and hearty style pizza with a great tasting crust. They have a play area with a little kitchen, legos and TV playing Nickelodean for the kids which is great. They also have ESPN on so I can chill and watch some sports while the kids play.
4	Good food for the price.
4	This is the best gluten free pizza I have ever had. There is some sort of spice in the dough that makes it taste very unique. I order it at least once a week. I must say that I am a bit embarrassed to call since they identify you by your phone number. I always order the same thing. I gave it a four star since there seems to be an inconsistency on how much the dough is cooked from time to time. The play area is fun for the kids too. A few moms and I head over one day a week for lunch. It is a nice day out and they have good price pizza specials!
4	This place is a local chain that started out years ago in North Phoenix. Happy to see Barro's prosper. This location is now serving beer from San Tan Brewery. It's all good.
4	Ok, I'll be honest. I wasn't looking to go to Barro's tonight. I have never been to Barro's before. I  wanted NYPD pizza. Unfortunately, their wait time for pick-up was 40  minutes and I was only 25 minutes away. I decided to give Barro's a try when I found out their wait time for carry out was only 20 minutes. I am very happy that I did. I got a ham/pineapple pizza and it was very good. The crust wasn't greasy (crust can make or break a pizza), the sauce wasn't too heavy, there was a good cheese to topping ratio. I like the ham/pineapple at NYPD also, but it is at least $6.00 more.  I will definitely be ordering from here again!
2	We used to visit this Barros when they first opened, it seems it has gone down hill. We ordered a couple slices for lunch and the crust was drenched in oil and rubber like it was microwaved. It may have been the workers that were here this particular day. I believe in second chances ill try this location again if not better next trip, peace out.
5	Almost every Friday night, my husband and I order from this Barros location. We typically purchase an extra large pepperoni pizza, which is more than enough. We order the extra large so that we can have left overs for the rest of the week. We love Barros pizza because of its great quality of ingredients. Not only do they provide delicious pizza, it is all at an  affordable price. Tasty AND affordable? I'M THERE!
4	Food is great! pizza is a little pricey compared to  pizza hut. However the pizza is very very worth it! it is awesome and tasty for left overs. I hate left overs so that's saying something! They don't allow your dogs inside the restaurant thru even if they are in a stroller.
4	Movie night and Barro's go hand in hand at my house.  It's a much better option to the three evils - Papa Johns, Domino's and Pizza Hut.  Great service, fast delivery, good pizza, delicious wings AND they give you plenty of ranch without asking you to pay extra.  I wish they would change their specials once in a while though.
4	The best takeout/delivery pizza in Phoenix. Forget Papa Johns or Pizza hut. If you are in delivery range or pick up distance to a Barro's you will not be disappointed. The quality of their meat and veggie's is fantastic. Feeling the pizza craving? This is your best bet. The crust is not too thick, not too thin, soft but crunchy, (is that possible?) YES. They are not heavy handed on the sauce, but combine a perfect blend of topping, cheese and tomato sauce goodness. The true test of a good pizza is either plain cheese or good ole pepperoni. Both from Barro's are excellent. They are a family joint, local and fantastic!
4	Love the pizza here.  Frequent this place a few times per month.
5	Some of the best pizza your are going to find in the East Valley. I go to this Barro's twice a month i have never been let down. Food is alway good, Service is great. You just cant go wrong. I have been to a few other Barro's In the East Valley and this one shines above the rest for me.
5	Love love love their pizza and prices!! I never order take out anymore after countless screw ups by cheap delivery pizza places around here (just gross). I'm thankful we have a Barros close to enjoy tasty pizza for a decent price. Queen Creek HS football even has a dicount card they sold for Barros. Love their lunch specials (under $5 bucks for slices and a drink). Seating can accommodate a variety of group sizes.
2	We have ordered from Barro's before and had good expereince. Ordered wings (extra crispy) and Barros special pizza.  Showed up 45 minutes.  Pizza was not cooked through and hubby had to put wings on the grill -I don't like it when I pay top dollar to eat out and they can't get it right..
3	We have never had Barros and decided to try it for the first time via delivery. We ordered a XL Barros special, Med pepperoni and 24 nake wings with the fire sauce on the side. It took an hour for delivery which is the normal timeframe. However we were a little disappointed with our Barros special pizza because when we got it the bottom of the pizza was completely soggy. We couldn't even pick it up so we ate it with a fork.  I don't know if that's the normal because the heavy topping or the box? The pepperoni one came out good and the wings were perfect. We may give it another try but for now this place is not for us.
5	Every time we come here the service is fast and friendly. The food is delicious and its always a great experience. I would recommend this Barro's to everyone I know!!
2	Pizza place on a Friday night, not that busy, but it is Valentines Day. So tonight we tried a different Barro's, well because quite frankly We were tired of the bad service at Power and Queen Creek. Seems like the Val vista and Williamsfield location lies in the same bed when it comes to customer service.Ill Hand it to this location, the food was better then out last experience at QC & P, but geez people, slap a smile on your face, earn some tips, have fun at your job! So out to San Tan we go, where while I've been there once, we were treated amazingly and the food was great.
5	This is our "go to" place when we can't decide what's for dinner. It never disappoints! Pizza's great, sports on multiple tv's and a play area for the kids. Service is always good and the price is right!
4	Great value for the price.   I come here because of the availability of food on a short lunch schedule.   You can sit down and eat even if you have to run errands during lunch.   I have been a frequent visitor for the last 3 years and never once have I experienced bad service! Kudos to the entire staff for making lunch enjoyable!
5	YUM! You guys have to come here if you haven't already. LOVE their pizza, LOVE their (meaty and saucy) wings, and they are generous with all portions of the food, including ranch. The counter girls are always friendly, and the food is fast and fresh. Barro's is the besto's.
4	First time ordering here. delivery was fast and the driver was extremely nice. ordered the Mega meat and bread sticks, will eat here again!!!
4	Delivery review:Thursday night at 9pm. Pizza came average time. Not too fast, not too slow. Pizza is good. Has thick crust.Boneless Wings were the size of quarters!??Kids ate it the next day ? ( I don't actually know if that's a compliment or not?! Haha!)
5	Ordered for a large staff meeting and it was delivered on time and hot. Can't go wrong with Barro's Pizza, but this location is extra clean and large enough to have a big party if needed. My experiences have always been positive, and food is great, as always. No wi-fi is the only negative.
1	Cardinals football merits wings in this house.  We ordered 70+ wings for a house full of people for the game with an estimated wait time of 45 minutes.  An hour and a half later, we called this Barro's location to see why we have not gotten our food yet.  The customer service was horrible.  All anyone said was "Oh well it is busy because of football."  When we finally received our wings, we noticed that we were also missing our salads that we had ordered.  Once again we called and they could not refund us for paying for the missing salad, but only give us a credit for the next time we order from here, which will be never.  I understand that a pizza joint would be busy, especially on a Sunday.  However, the customer service that my family and I received was not up to par.  I hold a higher standard to restaurants that when my order has been messed up, there are items missing, and if I have to call in twice, some sort of action be taken.  My biggest regret is not going to Papa Murphy's for this Sunday football game!
