5	I came in to Bud & Vine just looking to view the flower collection but I got so much more than expected! I made a friendship with the shop owner, Christina, and found a nice place to spend time!  She was so sweet and helped me pick out a beautifully crafted bouquet! I can't say enough good things about this flower boutique! Flowers are so beautiful and can make anyone's day! Make sure to stop by Bud & Vine for a great experience.
5	I had stopped in after hearing from a client what a hidden gem this little shop of beauties is. I didn't have occasion to purchase the exotic and pretty flowers however there was much more to Christine's place! Many gift, apothecary and beauty items abound from rare, cool brands! I chose a couple and will be back for more. It's a clean inviting space to browse and smell everything. Had an endearing conversation with the owner that showed her dedication and passion for the field.
5	Bud and Vine is now four-for-four. I've used them to send flowers to my wife and family and been increasingly surprised by each delivery. To take it a step further, I had flowers delivered to my mom and rather than leaving her flowers on a 100+ degree doorstep to die a sure death before she got home, the owner of the store brought them back at 7:30pm WELL AFTER BUSINESS HOURS! I've always sworn by Tiger Lilly and now this is my flower shop. I would recommend them to anyone looking to deliver super contemporary arrangements. Good people + good product + good service = lifelong customer.
5	I was in Vegas last week to get married and didn't want the fake silk bouquet from the Chapel. We stumbled upon Bud and Vine after getting our marriage license at the courthouse. I was really surprised to see how cool downtown Las Vegas is. It's more artsy, and if course less commercial than the strip.Christina made me a simple (as i asked for) and pretty and perfect bouquet and boutonniere for our short ceremony. It was wonderful dealing with her shop. Even a simple vegas wedding can be hectic but Bud and Vine took care of us and didn't charge us a ton as most shops do when you say "wedding". Even two days after our ceremony the flowers are still beautiful in a vase at home in LA.
1	Terrible! left it up to them for a nice $40 arrangement and was floored when I seen it.  Rip off, I never was disappointed in yelp till now.  Didn't even have a plastic pick thingy to hold a card.  So so so so never going here again, please save your money.  The reviews are obviously set ups from friends or owners. I drove  18 miles for something special.  Ugh
5	During one of my last team building events in Vegas, my coworkers and I decided to check a place out local to the downtown scene. Working and playing downtown, there's not much we haven't done yet, however, a new flower shop called Bud & Vine opened and we knew it was the perfect opportunity for our event. This gem of a shop is located on the corner pocket of the John E. Carson building. Every shop and restaurant that opened in this building has proven to be awesome, so I knew this place was going to live up to that! When you walk in you'll notice a very clean and quaint place! To the left of the front door are candles and oils for sell, a refrigerated plant chest for bouquets, arrangements and loose flowers. Across from that were terrarium vases, the reason for our visit. Calling ahead, the staff was nice enough to have a table set up in the middle of the room, equipped with tools and succulents to get started. They even had refreshments in the back for our party which I completely appreciated. The staff took their time and explained how to create the perfect succulent terrarium and let us create our very own masterpiece. At the end of the session, she offered us a spray bottle to keep our terrariums hydrated and even gave us thorough directions on how to maintain it. This experience was top notch and completely worth the $30 price tag. Don't worry though, there are small terrariums available for the price conscious customer. All in all, I had an AH-MAZE-ING experience there. I haven't had the chance to try out all of their services, but terrarium classes are offered on the first and third Fridays of each month. I will definitely be going back there again to create more succulents. If you're ever downtown, you have to try this place out! If not for the terrariums, get an arrangement for that special someone in your life. You will NOT be disappointed!
5	My team at work is always looking for new and exciting team building opportunities and after seeing the beautiful terrariums another team made, we knew Bud & Vine was our next stop. We called ahead and scheduled a terrarium workshop. When we arrived I was pleasantly surprised, the shop is much larger than it appears in photos. It is extremely open and there are candles and homemade goods for sale, In fact, there is only one cooler stocked with flowers. I love that they have unique flowers, not your run of the mill shop. They had a beautiful table all set up for us with sand, dirt, 2 types of glass containers, succulents, gloves, and towels. It was so pretty! They also had some snacks laid out for us on the back counter. There were a couple of chocolate wafers, some water, some sparkling water, and some fancy soda. We chatted for a bit while waiting for everyone to arrive and then it was time to get dirty!They gave us a quick overview and then left us to it. They did walk around and offer help and were always available to us. I had an absolute blast making mine. There were colorful cactus on the table, but I stuck with the traditional green succulents. At the end they gave us a quick talk about how to keep them alive and even offered to replace our dead ones if we did have a mishap. I had such a great time and it was a steal for $30 per person. I am for sure going to set something up for my birthday, I want to bring all of my girl friends! The owner also let us know that she offers all kinds of workshops on the first and third Fridays of the month. I'm sure she could come up with some creative workshops for your next outing. What a welcome addition to downtown!
5	So I have never been more impressed by a humble flower shop or business owner. I came in very near to closing looking for a build your own terrarium kit. I had missed a team building hosted by my team at work. The owner graciously offered me an opportunity to use the materials that were still out from the event and helped me make an absolutely stunning terrarium! She was patient, social, knowledgable, and has a beautiful eye for what she does. If I could give more stars, I would. I have found a gem in this local and sustainable shop. I also checked out some of the amazing arrangements she makes and have totally found my new flower shop.
5	This is one of those true independent local shops that deserves your business.  The shop is contemporary and simple.  The bouquets are refreshing and modern.  The kind you see in the fashion magazines.  Don't expect to find the cheesy flower arrangements that most flower shops carry with the cheesy card holders and generic "to & from" cards.  You can go to Albertsons for those ones anyway.  The shop keep is friendly and they allow you to put together your very own special bouquet as simple or aesthetic as you wish also.  There are also flat rate arrangements available.  I saw a really quaint potted Joshua tree for sale and they carry very elegant succulent terrariums of varying size and price ranges.  Delivery is available and the shop is located in the revamped downtown next to O-face Doughnuts and Carson Kitchen if you want to grab a bite.  Not too far from the Container Park either.  Nice little flower shop!
5	If you're in need of wanting to do something fun and creative with friends or family, I would strongly recommend Bud & Vine. Christina and her team talk you through a "How to" build and create your terrarium - and if you've done this type of thing before, you will be amazed at how easy it is to do! There were a team of 8 of us from Zappos & we enjoyed a wonderful experience of creating our individual Terrariums.From choosing your terrarium, sand, rocks, soil, and the variety of mini plants and flowers, you're guaranteed to make something amazing to take home, enjoy at your office space - or better yet, perhaps making a special personal gift for someone, definitely make this one of your "Go To" places!:)
5	I am so bummed that Bud & Vine is closing their brick and mortar location but glad they are still in business!  Use their website to order beautiful bouquets & arrangements!  My husband sent me a bouquet of tulips for our wedding anniversary and they were gorgeous!  They also sell candles, lotions & soaps - check them out!
