4	We enjoy eating at this Mexican Restaurant a couple of times a month.  You are served Hot Giant Tortilla Chips with Fresh Tasty Salsa before every meal.  I've tried several dishes but one of my favorites is the Chile Verde.  My husband usually gets whatever the special is for that day and it's always delicious.  The Restaurant is open to the Bakery so it's hard to pass up on a dessert.  The service is always personal and friendly.  This Restaurant is located on 6055 E Lake Mead Blvd and I would say give it a try.
4	If you are willing to drive distances to try out a great hole in the wall, then put Mama Maria's on your list of places to try. Someone told me about this place a few weeks ago and have been wanting to go since. We finally made the trip way out to the Northeast and were rewarded with fantastic food, reasonable prices, and friendly service. After debating between several items, we decided to order the chile verde, enchiladas verdes, and a chile relleno a la carte. The chile verde ($8.50) consisted of tender pieces of slow cooked pork bathed in a tangy tomatillo sauce, and was served with a side of fluffy rice and refried beans that tasted identical to those we had at a little lobster village in Mexico. The pork was fork tender and I loved the large meaty chunks, but I would have preferred it to have a few more hot chiles. The chile relleno ($5.50 a la carte) was also worth the trip and we even thought it was better than that of Vega's cafe, which previously held our number one spot for this dish. Rather than a white sauce, this was served with a perfectly executed red tomato-based sauce. The batter was thicker and had a good amount of egg, and there wasn't a superfluous amount of cheese in the center. The combination of these two factors pleased me because it resulted in more protein, less fat, and a more interesting flavor combination. It just felt like a more balanced dish than the other chile rellenos I've had. The enchiladas verdes ($8.99) were the least impressive dish, but still better than enchiladas at most other restaurants. I appreciated how the green sauce for these was different than the chile verde sauce used for the pork, because it showed me that each dish is thought of independently. My husband commented on the skill used to prepare the sauces here as they weren't broken (culinary term meaning the fat and acids haven't separated from one another), and I agreed. Even though the food here could be equated with awesome home cooking, the skill level necessary to prepare each of these is probably underrated in the eyes of the consumer. I really wanted the tres leches cake since that is on my top five list of favorite desserts (the best I've had is at Cuba Cuba in Richmond, VA), but sadly they were out so we settled for the flan ($2.50). This turned out not to be sad at all, because despite the weird presentation with plastic covered toothpicks, the flan itself was creamy and the caramelized sugar syrup was toasty and rich. Plus, it was the perfect size. If you don't want to try the desserts here, however, you can go to the shop next door to get homemade ice creams and popsicles, which are also inexpensive.Though I've only been once, it seems like the food here would be fairly consistent since it's run by a couple from Guadalajara who manage the restaurant and do all the cooking, just like at Vega's cafe. Adding to the charm is the old fashioned diner wheel system for reading restaurant tickets, a refreshing sight in a country whose restaurants are filled with P.O.S (point of sale) systems. Plus, it's always great to support a Mom and Pop kind of place!
4	Totaly missed this place but thanks to yelp i tried it, the food was excellent, best part was it was cheap for the portion size and the tortillas and salsa (not chips not a typo they are huge) we some of the best ive ever had
4	This place is a great Mom & Pop-type establishment with great service and great food.  I've tried several menu items and everything has been simple, classic Mexican food.  Cheesy delicious enchiladas, classic crispy tacos, hearty fajitas, and fried ice cream, everything has been tasty and reasonably priced. The tostada-style "chips" are merely a vehicle for the delicious (we get quarts of it to go) freshly made salsa.  We also liked the guacamole.The manager/owner is very nice and welcoming.  If you call ahead for pick-up it will be waiting for you hot and ready.  The bakery next door offers great Mexican pastries.  Definitely try this off-the-beaten path restaurant.
5	I've been enjoying this place for well over 10 years now, and it's worth the trip to the NE side of the valley for fantastic food, great prices, and family friendly service from the same people who've been serving me and my family for years...we've watched the place grow from a tiny two tables with a kitchen to expanding with the bakery next door and more tables...the personal touch of being able to ask if they have a special of the day that isn't on the menu is always a treat and good for a smile from the gentle giant who always serves us...ask about less Americanized dishes if you're brave enough for authentic, and you'll be pleasantly surprised by what they can and will make for you!!  The warm crisp tortillas rather than chips and salsa are a treat, and you get WAY more than you'd expect for portions...I've eaten at many "Mexican Restaurant" establishments in Vegas, and this one is the one I keep going back to and take family/guests to as well...
4	Good food and nice service
4	Unexpectedly good for a hole-in-the-wall restaurant. They went out of their way to accommodate our group and cooked things that weren't on the menu when we asked if they "had" it. Service was a little slow, but it's a really small place and they were very friendly. The food was excellent as well.
4	Two things that I'm a big fan of here are the delicious salsa which they serve with fresh warm tortilla chips and the desserts. You can't go wrong with any dessert you choose. The churros are warm and have a delicious cinnamon filling, and come with ice cream. The fried ice cream is just as good. The service is good. They always play good spanish music too. The food, in my opinion is alright. Good but not amazing. I've tried different things. The mole was not good at all, I'm sorry. I wouldn't order it again. But perhaps my taste buds just don't like mole. The burritos are decent. I've had the giant burrito. It is indeed... giant. They serve their burritos enchilada style, meaning smothered in sauce. The chips and salsa, convenient location and friendly staff keep me coming. I plan to try more on their menu and hopefully I find something I love, cos I really want to love this place.
4	The pollo mole is well worth the trip out here.  Service friendly and quick, lots of my favorite dishes on the menu.
4	I sometimes substitute teach in a school near Mama Maria's and I've heard my students rave about the food.  Today, I finally got bored enough to make the drive and try it for myself.First of all, the place is in a somewhat dingy plaza.  Don't be fooled, though.  Inside, Mama Maria's is a cute, clean little mom 'n pop type of place.  The server greeted us right away and brought us tortillas and salsa.  I say tortillas because they really are tortillas, not chips.  The salsa is, quite frankly, the best I've ever had.  Having lived in west Texas for a couple of years, I have tried a LOOOOOOT of salsas.  I can say that this is the best I have personally experienced.The beans and rice here are fab.  I got the tampiquena.  The steak was tender and well-seasoned.  I was impressed with the cheese enchilada - I normally find enchiladas (especially cheese ones) really boring, but this one wasn't.  It was flavorful and gooey.  I am looking forward to coming back and trying a few new things on the menu.  This strikes me as the kind of place you can try new things and just trust that they will be good.
5	The wife and I go here when ever we want sit down Mexican.  Everything I've tasted has been OK at the worst.  The "Tour of Mexico" is awesome with enough left over for lunch the next day.  I like chile verde the best.
5	Wow! How did I not know about this place? The tortillas and salsa here are freaking amazing(warm are mild and light... not like the heavy greasy-grainy chips most Mexican places in this hood serve). My friend and I had two baskets, while hilariously holding ourselves back! I noticed a couple people came in to get chips and salsa for takeout.I had the carnitas(~$8, on special). They were perfectly portioned and the pork portion was authentic: chunks of roasted meat/ no gross puddles of fat--Neither dry-shredded nor blank. I'm now craving a second helping of carnitas, although I have dinner plans at a certain posh strip joint. My friend had one of their sizzling steak dishes--she commented literally 10 times how tender it was. Service was great. Their menu has just enough variety(I like it that way) and an easy-going ambiance(nice decor for a stip-mall-esque hole-in-the-wall). I checked out the bakery nearby and will definitely return for the delicious flan. Winner!
5	This place is soooo delicious. Other reviews were what made me choose this place and I was NOT disappointed. Well, I was slightly disappointed when I found out that they didn't have any menudo. If you want menudo then make sure you come on Sat or Sun morning. Otherwise the caldo de res is a must!!**update: I did go back for menudo and it was AWESOME!!  Next time I am in Vegas I am coming back to this restaurant.
3	Located in a smaller shopping center in the lake mead area adjoining a bakery, you'll find mama marias.Service was slow and disjointed.  Very small place so this probably is the main reason for this.  Grabbed my own menu and sat down.After the waitress stopped by I was served good home made salsas and chips, as well as guacamole.  Salsa had a little kick but was what I'd define as mild overall,  still very good.  Asked for some hot stuff, it never showed up.  Ordered fajitas for my meal.  Overall not bad, spiced up with peppers, lacked any significant flavor otherwise,  plenty of vegetables.  Not overly greasy.The tab....very small.  This place is cheap.Overall, a small family restaurant that's not bad but nothing I'd seek out.  If I'm driving through I'd stop by again.
4	A very good Mexican restaurant
5	Authentic ,delicious, Best Mexican meal I have ever had.  Just returned from two weeks in Mexico.  This food tops anything we ate in Mexico. .
5	Pretty darn good!  The service has gotten better over time, but hard to beat food!  We are regulars there.
4	This has been our favorite neighborhood place for almost 8 years. It is well priced, always good Mexican food.  The staff is friendly, it's not very big or fancy but we've never had a problem with seating and the service is fast so they turn over tables quickly.  Definitely recommend.  We go every few months and have always liked whatever we have... recommend going next door to La Flor De Michoacan for dessert after or stopping by the connected bakery for a sweet treat.  We often go there for donuts on the weekend.
5	One of the best mom and pop places I've ever been to in Vegas. It's the neighborhood hole in the wall but it's worth trying!Favorite dish is the chicken burrito enchalada style. Very flavorful! Priced well, good service.
5	great value best mole enchiladas!
5	Excellent food and an unbelievable price. Made the trek to this restaurant from the east side of Henderson based on the reviews and wanting good Mexican food. I ate the Carnitas burrito which was delicious. The churros and ice cream was a perfect way to finish off the meal. Will definitely make the trek out to Mama Maria's once again!
4	The food was good! Everything was well priced .  I ordered a taco and enchilada .  The kids had Carne asada burrito.  Beans came with the meal we very good. Like home cooked beans.  The meal also come with rice I never eat rice at Mexican restaurants but I ate theirs.  The chips that come before the meal we huge. (Whole tortilla ).   The only down side is they are not by my house.
5	Hubby and I were out a week ago searching for a Traditional Mexican Restaurant in our area. We met a woman on Nellis that told us about Mama Maria's Mexican Restaurant. She told us the food was delicious and the chips were not the usual that you find other places. The chips and salsa was delicious.  The first time we went was on July 31, 2013. We decided to go back on our Anniversary August 7, 2013. We had the Giant Burrito and you can order one and they will give  you two plates, or each order one and take the other half home to have for diner the next night. We also took the chips and salsa for our diner the next evening. It was like eating there but at home. We will definitely be going back there again and highly recommend eating there for those looking for authentic Mexican food. They are located East of Nellis at 6055 E. Lake Mead Blvd in an strip mall on the south side of Lake Mead Blvd. Eat and enjoy the food, we're sure you'll come back.Joy and Dwayne residents of Vegas.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in town. They make the salsa fresh every day and it is absolutely amazing. They're not stingy with it either. The food is absolutely top notch and so is the service! The price is unbeatable especially considering the quality.
4	I ate at Mama Maria's on 9-17-2013.  It's located on (6055) East Lake Mead and sets in a little strip mall on the south side of the road.  I would label this restaurant as a Mom & Pop type place. It's small, clean, and the wait staff is very accommodating.  The decor is a little dated with murals on the walls and christmas type lights strung across the ceiling.  I was hungry for refried beans and rice and my waiter Christian, suggested a dish with shredded beef, and my plate had a large portion of refried beans and rice as what I was hungry for.  I was served (immediately with)  salsa and fresh warm (4 flat) tortilla like "chips" that were good. The shredded beef was good and not overly seasoned, as was the rest of the meal.  I probably wouldn't drive across town just to eat at Mama Maria's but if I was in the area, I would defiinetly eat there when I was hungry for Mexican Food.  My order came to just under $9 with free refill on my drink order as I had ordered extra beans and rice, I felt the price was reasonable and the food was satisfying.
4	Quiet small place only three tables with patrons so service at first was fast, we got drinks and chips salsa and beans right away but our order was a bit slow coming out.I got a couple of enchidalas and a taco combo plate. I wanted to try both red and green sauce, both were good but loved their green!Very good food.
5	I am so thrilled to have found this restaurant. I went without looking at any rating and boy was a surprised with this little, hole in the wall, blink and you miss it eatery. We are broke like most are and there has been a natural gas crew working in our neighborhood so our gas was for cooking was all but cut off, so we decided to try this little Mexican restaurant we had a 2 for 1 entree coupon for. We both had the carnitas and a margarita each. The salsa and chips were warm and FABULOUS, the carnitas were perfectly seasoned with crispy edges/bits and the margaritas were pretty good. All in all it was a delicious meal with fast friendly service. I do recommend it highly, and we will be going back. 2 entrees + 2 margaritas = $ 9.36CAN'T BE BEAT - YUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMY !!!
4	If you adore Taco Bell this probably isn't the place for you but if you enjoy authentic Mexican food this is definitely worth a try I enjoyed it
5	If you are like me and live close by ...  lucky you! This is the best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas (as evidenced by the clientele -gringos are rarely seen here). If you live clear across town somewhere ... Trust me ... It is worth the drive. I lived a mere mile away for nearly ten years before I tried this place for the first time and I am kicking myself for not trying it sooner!
4	Great food, great prices, and good service.  The decor could definitely be updated but overall great.
3	Salsa lived up to expectations from previous reviews. Only drawback and this is purely personal preference, was the level of saltiness. I prefer less salt but it wasn't overpowering. I wanted the carnitas but unfortunately it was not available during the time I visited. Opted for the California burrito (chicken). Everything that was served was hot and fresh. I feel this review would have been 4 stars if the carnitas would have been available.
4	Adorable - maybe a dozen tables?  Mom and Pop type place, but the service is usually really quick. They bring you a basket of fried mini tortillas to break off and have with their salas...and if you empty your basket they ask if you want more... Seriously, they shove food in your face. Its like going to the Mexican Grandmother's house you never knew you had.  I used to only get the shrimp enchiladas, but now that I have branched out I have to say there isn't an enchilada on their menu I wouldn't eat and I like their tacos too. Husband always gets their burritos and likes them.  For a sit down Mexican restaurant Husband and I won't go anywhere else.
5	Great out of the way place, if you are looking for good Mexican food off the strip, friendly service, a great value.
5	My boyfriend doesn't like Mexican food yet he loved the place and now craves there salsa! Very good, cheap, and family run!Great little bakery next door as well. My new favorite place in Vegas! Authentic. Near the base and lots of families were eating there when we were thereI love little hole in the walls, way better than those overpriced tourist traps near the strip! Def becoming a regular to this place :-)
4	The food was authentic and the service helpful. I enjoyed my dinner there.
5	Great place for Mexican food. We stopped on our way through Vegas on a road trip and really enjoyed the authentic food. Family run and good prices.
3	Mama Maria's Mexican restaurant was a fun place for me to try because it's decently close to where I live. My family and I ordered for takeout, which was very convenient. One thing to note is that we participate in the season of Lent, so we had to avoid beef and poultry. Seafood and eggs are fine for us to have eaten.I commend this restaurant on really good service. They had a busy restaurant, but were able to have our takeout order ready on time and neatly packed, which was much appreciated.We ordered guacamole, Chilles Relleno, garlic butter shrimp, shrimp fajitas, and crispy shrimp tacos.Our order came with chips and salsa! Like everybody has pointed out, the chips come in the form of freshly fried tortillas that you break into tinier pieces. The salsa was delicious! The tomato sauce in it interestingly had a "pasta sauce" flavor, which for me, set it apart from any other Mexican salsa I've ever tried. They sent us home with a bunch too, so I was very happy!We also ate the chips with the guacamole we ordered. It was good and fresh guac, but it seemed plain for my taste.We didn't care for the shrimp fajitas or the butter garlic shrimp too much, not very special. The crispy shrimp tacos were a big bust in my opinion because I expected deep fried, breaded shrimp and I thought that was what the menu meant when they said "crispy", but apparently that description was only referring to the taco shell, which I cancelled out when I asked to have my tacos wrapped in a flour tortilla instead. Furthermore, nothing had sour cream or crema, which was odd to me. I guess I just didn't realize I had to order it separately.The Chilles Relleno was SUPERB. My dad and I were so impressed by how tasty this dish came out! If you ever visit this restaurant, that is certainly the dish to try. It was spongy from the egg, but also satisfyingly saucy at the same time. There was a lot of good flavor to it, too. The portion size was another thing I was happy with also.Overall, I wouldn't look forward to ordering anything but the Chilles Relleno. That's the thing to try, hands down.
5	Best Mexican food in the valley, well worth the drive!!! I drive 25 minutes to come to this little jewel !!! Price is good portions are huge. You get you money's worth and then some...
5	I have been going here for 3 years always a delight.. Food is fantastic full of flavor and very friendly. I would recommend this for anyone looking for good food. It is just a small family place..
5	Ate here once a week, sometimes twice, while I lived in Vegas. This is the most wonderful little Mexican restaurant I've ever dined at. The service and food remained consistent for years, since my first time in '09. I'm so in love with Mama Maria's that I rhyme. I don't miss Vegas, I miss this restaurant.I had a few coworkers who feel the way I do. First, the salsa. Perfect. We'd finish at least two bowls and take it to go, too. Garlicky, cilantro heaven. Unlike any other salsa. Beans and rice? Pretty standard, but somehow tasted better on my go-to shrimp taco plate. Flour tortillas, please! Succulent, buttery shrimp, with the cheese perfectly melted on the tortilla. No one does it this way. Pico, lettuce, add guacamole... Simple? Absolutely. And yet, nowhere makes it taste like this!Service is always phenomenal. Over the years there were a few different waitresses, most of them remembering my order. All managing the full (small) restaurant on their own. Chef always waves. Hole in the wall? Slightly. You'll get over it.
5	So sadly far from where we live in the valley. This place would become a weekly staple if only it weren't about 30 miles round-trip for me.We had the enchilada verde special on the chalk board: about $9 for three enchiladas in green sauce with beans and rice. Meal came with fried tortillas to break into chips, and some fresh red salsa. Everything tastes authentic without melting our gringo tastebuds.Water was clean, server was nice, music was pleasant. Food reminded me of a place that I grew up with back in SoCal and pined for when I moved out to the valley a decade ago. It took a long time to find this, and I am sad to spend like $5 in gas just to make a trip out here, but it's worth it.
5	As authentic as you can get! This restaurant is so small, but it gets pretty crackin! Once you enter, you are welcomed with great servers who will accommodate  you and your party or even if its just a party of one! The restaurant is decorated with a mural of people from Mexico and great art that just resembles its amazing culture.The restaurant seating options are booths and tables. Once you are seated, you are given complimentary chips and salsa! The chips are fresh and right out of the fryer! They give you a lot of chips and plenty of their homemade salsa! I cannot get enough of these! When I first came here, I was hooked! I probably go here at least once every two weeks. It is just THAT good. I have ordered plenty of things and I will just list some of the food that I can remember.Sizzling fajitas- I usually get the shrimp and chicken combo. It comes with the sides such as the guacamole, rice, beans, and pico de gallo with some sour cream on the plate and tortillas-- your choice of flour or corn! Then, you are served with a sizzling plate that will catch another persons eyes! It makes them want to order one, too!Shrimp in Butter Garlic- I love shrimp and these shrimps are huge and covered in butter garlic sauce with rice on the side. All I can say is.... damn. SO DELICIOUS!Appetizer Combo- This combo comes with chicken flautas, chicken fingers, guacamole, cheese quesadilla and plenty more all for less than $10! It will fill you up and plenty for people to share.Burritos- Man... their burritos are HUGE! Get any style burrito.. you won't regret it! It is something you have to see AND taste for yourself.This was an accidental find, but i'm glad I decided to go check it out! Great place and great staff!
5	Wish I still lived in Vegas just so I could eat here. BEST Mexican food I've ever had.
5	Amazing food and service. Staff was friendly and helpful from the moment we walked in the door. The food had a home cooked flavor that was simply amazing. I will most definitely eat her again.
3	First impression, poor service... Walked in to no greeting or instruction to seat yourself or to wait!!! Finally seated and waited for menus for literary 10 minutes,only received them because the server came to take our order and was told we hadn't seen menus yet!!! After placing our order and waiting another 10 minutes was informed they didn't have the marinated steak for my wife's order and would have to get something else... Shouldn't you have known this sooner than that!?!?!? I only give It a 3 star for good solid food... Although could've been better if they had what I really wanted!!!
5	THE BEST Mexican food I have ever had!!!!!  I miss this place so much!  Moved back to Pennsylvania and there are no mexican restaurants around that even come close!  The salsa is  unbelievable!  Can't wait to go back to Vegas to visit, because this will be my first stop!!!!
5	Yummy. I grew up on Mexican food and I believe that was the best chili relleno I have eaten in Las Vegas!!
5	Currently sitting here w/ a quarter of my enchilada style burrito left, ridiculously full & highly satisfied, yet still tempted to finish what I have because it just taste too damn good.But I really want dessert so I think I'll hold off on hating myself later on. Lol **update: I finished it hahaha.First of all, the complimentary fried tortillas and homemade salsa they bring out before your food comes are delicious. The tortillas are warm & crisp to perfection. I really like chunks of tomato & chopped vegetables & herbs. The fiesta plate was a yummy foreshadow to how great the rest of the food was going to be. I was pretty much full after it (although it was only split between my guy & me). But once the enchilada style burrito came out, I regained my appetite. The sides enhanced the main dish perfectly. The meat inside was full of flavor & tasted liked it was charred bbq'd and aghh. Everything was just so good. Highly recommend it!
5	My first time here with my girl and I've gotta say, I have not been truly satisfied with a Mexican restaurant since I've been introduced to real authentic Mexican food at my friends places as I was growing up. This place most definitely brought back memories! To start off, anybody who's been here will know how amazing their salsa is. It's not extremely spicy and some people will judge by that but what I look for in a good salsa are the undertones and richness in flavor. IT'S GOOD. Normally when you come to a restaurant like this, you get chips with your salsa. I love that they bring out these warm, flaky, crispy, lightly salted and fried tortillas. Just a tasty little treat before we even ordered. The Horchata tastes great! As I've said, it's hard to please me when it comes to restaurants because people like to take shortcuts and make close to real Horchata. It is a very simple drink but you have to get it right. Here it just has the right amount of sweetness, (making up words now) cinnamony and milky taste.Already impressed with the pre game they have going on here so I was ready to order. We started off with the Fiesta Plate appetizer and it was awesome. It had quesadillas, nachos, chicken taquitos and chicken strips. Ok so the fried chicken strips are a little out there in authenticity but they tastes good. Everything on this platter was good but I really enjoyed the taquitos! So bomb with the lettuce, beans, sour cream and guac that came with it. My girl and I shared this plate and were already pretty full so it's a good sized plate. I'd say it's great for couples or groups of 3-4. So if you really know, burritos are not an authentic Mexican dish. Just throwin that out there! But the way this Enchilada style / wet burrito came out tasted just the way my friends mothers would make them. The plate came garnished with sour cream, guacamole and lettuce. The burrito sat there in a glorious pool of red sauce and melted cheese. Long story short, it was perfecto. Once you undress this little beauty you find this moist rice, beans and well seasoned asada steak. Leaving this place stuffed for a great price. Plus the service was awesome. Hittin this spot with 5 stars. I'm widdit.
5	This place makes sweet authentic Mexican love to your mouth and then cuddles your wallet after. Thank you Mama. I will come back for seconds. Big kiss
4	In search of a new good Mexican restaurant, we decided to drive across town after reading the good reviews here on Yelp. I have to say that the neighborhood was a bit suspect, and as we walked up to the door there was a vagrant right next to it. The first thing we noticed when we walked inside was a strange smell, followed by uncomfortable heat. We sat down at a booth, the waitress came over and asked what we wanted to drink, and then we asked her if the air conditioner was on. She proceeded to tell us that it was broken (by the way, the temperature outside was 108). Inside it had to be 100 degrees without exaggeration. She brought back the drinks and the chips and we considered at that point that we might just leave. Even the other guests were mentioning how stifling the heat was.HOWEVER- after trying the chips and the salsa, we knew the food would be worth staying for. We ordered a cheese quesadilla and a steak chimichanga, and needless to say, it was FANTASTIC! I'm not a huge fan of Mexican, but the chimichanga was absolutely delicious: the steak was tender and the tortilla was fried perfectly! We ended up eating for under $20 without tip. The service was mediocre, but the food was fantastic. Even though there were flaws in our experience, great food will always bring us back! If the air conditioner was working, we probably would've given it 5 stars.
3	The "chips" are a fried corn tortilla which were surprisingly amazing. Food was great. Incredibly large portions! Service was the only downfall. It was completely non-existent unless you went out of your way and asked.
3	I guess I'm spoiled with good Mexican food by living in California for 30 years. It was decent, will probably be back. Salsa and beans were delicious,  but everything else was pretty basic.
3	The restaurant is small, probably room for about 50.  I went Saturday at lunch and it was busy, and there was a steady flow of customers.  The problem was there was only one waitress.  She was efficient, but obviously the service wasn't as good as it should be.  The family had carnitas, minichangas, and a chimichanga.  All were very tasty, and the price was very fair.  Because there was only one server, the later guests had to clean their own tables.  I also used the bathroom after eating, and it was about as clean as a gas station bathroom.  Must be something close to authentic as we were the only gringos in the place.  I'd give the food five stars, but service and cleanliness need to be improved.
4	Anyplace that serves margaritas in pint mugs is great in my book.  Besides the fact that the food is delicious and reasonably priced, this really is a great sit-down Mexican place on the East side.  There's also a great Mexican bakery next door.  Make the drive, you won't be disappointed.
4	Love Mama Marias!  Come early, they fill up fast. Has great takeout as well! I love the chicken chimi and the enchiladas are amazing, especially the green chili sauce ones. The best Mexican I have had outside of Baha!  Their chips and salsa are awesome as well.
5	Excellent authentic Mexican cuisine. Its so difficult to find great mexican food. This place is the bomb. Bakery section is off the hook. Definitely worth the drive over there. Don't judge this book by its cover.
