2	I do business with these people because I have a cpap machine.  They don't have great nor good phone skills.  I was told that they world deliver all i need today all the items I need. Well 5 hours have gone by no call from them no nothing. So I call them made plans to pick up my items that I need. Been in line forever. Did I assume this would be a quick and easy process well I may have been foolish enough to believe such crap. I should expect slow and no service from a company who has had 4 months to deliver items to my home but has not done so. I'm so angry about this I can just spit. And what do u know my order would happen to be incorrect. I have a cpap machine already they have me down for a cpap. I'm so angry at this moment this has been a 4 month total process in all this time they don't have things correct yet...One thing I need is a mask but do they have me down for that no.
1	This is the only home care office on the westside of Las Vegas, Nv.  I can't say enough about this laxadasicial unprofessional, uncaring company.  I don't know about their corporate office in Phx AZ. but someone needs to overhaul this branch.I spoke to a Respiratory Therapist in her home about my Bipap machine not working and she said someone would call me on Saturday! Nothing! They didn't even recieve a msg. from her.  Today I have been waiting 5 hrs for someone to come to my home! Nothing! They honestly DON'T CARE!  Why be in the home care business if it is a inposition to follow through with care!  I don't think they deserve a one star!
1	Supposed to be Medicare Approved Provider?  Tried for over a week to get wheelchair for my wife because of bad knee.  Two prescriptions provided from ER and Ortho Surgeon with no luck.  Multiple calls and correspondence between doctors office and Preferred Homecare with no luck.  Obviously not enough profit for them to handle request. Medicare did provide a list of alternate suppliers in the Las Vegas area who are more likely to comply.
1	They get 1 star, because it's the only way to write a preview.  Lord, if I did not need medical supplies before the call I sure need them after the call. Oh my goodness, rude , they could not understand the issue.  They keep charging me for items not received or wrong items.   If you don't have to deal with them please save yourself grief and stay away
