4	Pricey yummy upscale diner food type stuff here but what you can also get is a watermelon smoothie.  A watermelon smoothie that tastes like a real watermelon. Like seriously, surprisingly like a real watermelon.Like I was with someone who was in Vegas two years ago and had one and insisted on bringing me here to have one. Watermelon.No artificial flavoring, just watermelon.WaterMelonWahTerMelOnW.
3	Exactly what a cafe should serve fresh food that doesn't taste overly processed. I'm looking forward to summer when its hot and getting a smoothie from here those looked like they would be fab. The only thing was the counter person messed up both of our orders by a lot and thus food was brought  to the table that we didn't order and we had to reorder and wait longer for the food. In the end it all got sorted out.Yes, I will be back.
3	My cousin lives nearby so we stopped to grab dinner one night. There were lots of things on the menu that sounded appealing. I decided to go with the "440 Sandwich" - I mean, you can't really go wrong with grilled chicken, goat cheese, avocado and red peppers, right? That was my thinking, anyways. The sandwich was good, but the goat cheese was the dominant flavor. I love goat cheese, so that was fine with me. The fries that came with my sandwich were pretty standard, but good.My friend ordered the signature pasta, I think. I tasted a few bites and thought it was yummy. The tomato cream sauce could have maybe been a bit more tomato-y, but I still thought it was good.The wine portions are tiny, so if you decide to drop $12 on a glass, just know you aren't going to get much of it.If you live in the area, this would be a great place to go for lunch or dinner every once in awhile.
3	Tacone left without a goodbye, and took its sauce bar and Kingston wrap with it. But when Rachel's Kitchen moved in, spiffed up the place with new seat cushions, cute tables and, most importantly, a wine menu, I had high expectations for a more sophisticated dining experience, food included.The service and atmosphere are outstanding.The staff could not be nicer.I'm a wee bit disappointed because the food's just okay. The most memorable part of my "440" chicken sandwich ($10.50) was the size of the red pepper. I believe they cut a pepper in half, roasted it, and laid it over the chicken. It was an unbelievable amount of red pepper. Other than the pepper, the chicken, goat cheese and avocado sandwich wasn't dressed up. It tasted like something I would make at home. Sometimes when I eat out, the food tastes better, as if there's a thin layer of honey butter spread all over everything.  My husband ordered the chicken curry wrap and we exchanged halves. His wrap wasn't any better than my 440. The ingredients are fresh, the wine is okay, and the outdoor seating is lovely. I kind of wish they would have spiffed up the menu in the same way they spiffed up the decor.
3	I like the concept, but after 1 visit a month ago I can't say we've really been itching to go back. Signature Pasta ($11.50)Penne with chicken breast, eggplant, sundried tomatoes, mushrooms with our Tomato cream sauce. Hmmm does that say cheese anywhere?! I was doing no cheese for Lent and was pretty upset when I got my take out container home and saw the entire thing was covered in thick goopy mozzarella. Cheese issues aside, it wasn't particularly special - especially for the price. BBQ Chicken wrap ($9.95) - husband got this, again wasn't overly impessed. The saving grace was the reasonably priced and AMAZING smoothie -Hawaiian Bliss ($4.50) - pineapples, bananas, coconut, pineapple juice, NF vanilla yogurt. YUM (but if you follow my reviews you know I'm a pineapple/banana/coconut slut, so I guess me liking this isn't all that surprising!). They do have $3 mimosas on Sundays so hopefully I'll be back at some point to try the breakfast with a mimosa! Additionally, I've heard the patio seating is doggie friendly - a major plus .
5	Rachel's Kitchen in the District at Green Valley Ranch is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  Like many things in life, you get what you pay for.  If all I wanted was filler meal for $5, I might settle for a sub.  Rachel's is nothing of the sort.  I had the much reviewed 440 sandwich.  A quick list of the ingredients including the red pepper and goat cheese indicate the excellence.  I am a big eater and found the sandwich and onion rings quite satisfying.  Jessica had Arugula Pear salad.  She enjoyed it very much.  I tried it too and found it to be of a high quality.  We shared an excellent smoothie made of nice fruit ingredients.  The location in Green Valley is excellent with nice outdoor seating.  Many dog people found it to be an accommodating atmosphere too.  All in all, I highly recommend Rachel's Kitchen for a top notch lunch or dinner.
4	Wow! I am the Administrative Assistant in my office, and am constantly looking for the next great place to use when catering staff meetings. I just ordered through Rachel's Kitchen Henderson location, and am absolutely impressed! For just over $210, I was able to get an assortment of sandwiches, wraps, 2 salads, fruit and dessert to feed 15 people. This included delivery and wonderful customer service. Everything was delivered promptly (5 minutes early) and perfectly organized and displayed. My team was pleased, my boss was happy with the budget, and everyone's stomachs are thankful!
3	Went there on midweek for breakfast.  Place was relatively busy.  When I ordered, I asked how long the food would take, the order taker indicated 10 minutes, which was not the right answer.  She just said that to get me out of line, it took longer than that.  Food quality of omelette was good.  Had it with spinach and basil, tasty.Omelette comes with potatoes (which looked like the same ones they serve at Waffle House, from a box) and toast.  I eat neither potatoes nor toast.  Instead of discounting the price of the omelette, they wanted another 1.50 or something like that for fruit instead.  A bit ridiculous.  Probably wouldn't go back.  Restaurants need to switch from white potatoes to red potatoes.
5	Came for breakfast, blueberry pancakes were a perfect mix of buttery goodness without being over the top. Husband had omelette and it wad a good size. The only con is that it can get rather pricey if you want to upgrade to eggwhites and/or switch out fruit for the potatoes. At Cracked Egg, you can tailor your meal to anything you want and they won't charge you a dime to substitute or replace something with another. Potatoes nothing to write home, they are fried and not seasoned with anthing.I do love the ambiance of being able to sit outside- they have the misters going during the day/night and theres enough trees right there to give some shade! Go for the pancakes and/or smoothies. Haven't been there for lunch or dinner, so can't comment on that. The fact that everything is made fresh though, and the staff is always friendly and you can enjoy the beautiful setting give this 5 stars!
5	Awesome food that tastes good and is good for you. They also make great juices. I recommend the Popeye's Secret. Nice staff as well. Outdoor seating will be nice in the Fall.
4	Curried Chicken salad or sandwich is good. Bar-B-Q chicken wrap is also a winner.
5	The food is terrific and staff is great! I have tried almost every salad and each one is delicious in it's own unique way... The only sandwich I had was the "440" it was okay but I would stick to the salads... I love to sit outside with my dogs and enjoy the great scene of the district...
5	Rachels Kitchen is a great restaurant at the District. I have come for breakfast and lunch and not had a bad meal. I have tried the Breakfast Burrito which has a great combination of eggs, avocado, and swiss cheese and the perfect portion size. For lunch i have tried the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger which could be my 2nd fav. burger next to In n Out.All the ingredients seems to be fresh with tons of flavor and the service there is great!
5	Wow!Food Quality - PerfectAmbiance - Great considering it seems low key, but it works.Serving Size - Just rightHealthy - Has some really healthy stuff and some not so healthy.Overall - I like the food choice, the quality, the health choices. I think it will be a great place to continue to go and if you have pets, you can bring your pet and eat out side. Cannot beat that!
3	I've now visited Rachel's kitchen a couple of times, and I'd recommend others give it a try if you're wandering around the district.  Some folks may think $10 sandwiches may be a bit steep, but the ingredients are fresh so the quality is pretty high. I've tried the vegetarian sandwich, so far that is my favorite menu item.  The onion rings were pretty awesome, but the portion was pretty small (I think I got three onion rings with the platter).  My friend liked the side salad that came with the gorgonzola burger, but wasn't a huge fan of the burger, found the medium a bit overdone.  Apparently the grilled chicken salad was pretty tasty - although my friend thought the menu said arugula and the greens were definitely spinach.  I've had the "energizer" juice there twice, and that's what I came back for the second time.  The first time was awesome, beety and lemon zingy on a carrot base.  This time it tasted pretty much like just carrot maybe with a hint of some other ingredients, but the ratios were a bit off...  So, I guess at this point I'm looking for a little more consistency.I'll give this place another try the next time my stomach is grumbling in the area (I gotta say, I like looking at the body art on the employees). I'm hoping they can stay in business long enough to hit their groove so I can provide a positive update!
4	Great place to brunch in GVR. One of the first things I noticed when I first started coming here almost a year ago was the furniture-it's so cute! This is a great place to dine outdoors when the weather isn't sweltering and during the off hours an even better place to bring a book and have a cup of coffee or an in between meals snack.The food is good, but nothing to write home about, however presentation is always very pleasing. I really like the 440 sandwich and the grilled cheese which are both easy classics that they get right every time. I'm partial to french fries, but the ones here taste and look like they come out of a frozen bag, so I opt for the salad which has a really good dressing and a nice mix of veggies.I took one star off for price-I'm aware of the area it's in and I'm sure the rent on the space could stop a few hearts. I know what I'm partially paying for is ambiance, but still a little overpriced for what is essentially upscale cafe food.The staff is nice and the setting is sweet-definitely a recommend for a lazy day brunch!
4	Found this place when we just weren't in the mood for a bar breakfast. Great vibe and the employees make you feel welcomed.  PROTEIN LOVERS SCRAMBLE WAS AWESOME. Get fresh juice, a little pricey but well worth it.  Breakfast burrito was good, but a bit lacking in the fillings; ill try the breakfast wrap next time.
5	Yummy!I love The District and the Rachel's Kitchen is one of the reasons why.  They have very good food here: fresh and a lot of healthy options so you can justify a higher calorie coffee or maybe one of their smoothies that look so delish (although I haven't tried one yet).  The ambiance is perfect!  I love sitting outside here when the weather is nice.  You order at the counter and they bring your food to you, check up on how you are, and take your empty plates away when you're done.  Considering all of this I wonder why more people don't tip- they are essentially being waited on with the exception of having to go to the counter for the initial order.  Tip them a couple of bucks, the kids here can't make all that much money.  I love the salads here but the breakfast food is also delish!  My sister got a mimosa with her french toast breakfast, how cool to offer mimosas in the morning!  A perfect way to start our day off of work.  I'll continue to keep coming back here, I've never had a bad experience.
4	Nice place set in a nice area to hang out and walk around, good place to take the kids for breakfast and the food is good.Took us a while to find it first, it's very easy to miss as it's in The District and has just a small sign.  The restaurant inside is large enough to handle the patrons and has ample outdoor seating.
2	My ladies and I decided to have a nice girl's day out, so we headed to Rachel's Kitchen for brunch. I was a little disappointed to find out this place was a stand up and order at the counter type joint. I'm not embarrassed to admit it. I like waiter service!!! We ordered and found ourselves a TINY little booth to accommodate us. The table was abnormally slim and not very practical. Heat kept wafting from the kitchen area, which I found a little annoying. I ordered the grilled cheese and a watermelon juice. My friends ordered the breakfast burrito. The food was pretty good, not nearly good enough to be worth the somewhat hefty pricetag, but I digress. The food was fresh and my friends loved the potatoes, although I found them to be a tad soft and underseasoned. I loved my fresh watermelon juice and highly recommend that, so refreshing. Whenever I see that on a menu I have to order. It's my favorite. All in all, I've had better, but this place will do in a pinch. I'm definitely not itching to go back and if I'm in the area again I'd probably try any number of other restaurant options. Good option for healthy eating, though.
4	Used to be a Mexican place. I like it better now. Dined outside with the birds, had a great chicken Cesar salad. Friendly staff, despite all the ink. Order at the counter, they bring out your food, some of the quickest service. I do not care about a wait staff or not, I just care about the quality of the food, the promptness and the atmosphere. I like them on all the above
4	I recently tried out Rachel's Kitchen for brunch, and am glad that I did.  The omelets definitely satisfied (they were large enough for both me and the boy to take some home), with nice combinations of fillings, and the berry smoothie was a lovely morning pick me up.  I also indulged with the $3 Sunday morning mimosas, the proportion of OJ to champagne was perfect.  The only thing I left wanting was homefries small town diner style; cut potatoes cooked in a cast iron skillet with onions and seasonings.  These were the typical (fried?) cubes that the breakfast joints around here seem to love so much.  But, potatoes aside, we were pleased with our choices, and I forsee wandering back and sitting outside eating my brunch on a warm spring morning.  I like the atmosphere and the service is always beyond pleasant.
4	I seriously never thought of using the word "wholesome" in regards to yelping about a place... but there really is no other word to describe the food here.So... every time bf and I come to Vegas, we make it a point to come here.  Not only cause his sister works here, but the food here is just short of amazing.  We take the drive from SD at about 3am, and end up getting here just in time for breakfast.I always order the oatmeal.  Not sure why, but this stuff here tastes like it was not only made with love, but it is different and wonderful and just plain WHOLESOME.  They give you a huge bowl of it; enough for two, but I finish it like theres no tomorrow.  I also order their watermelon juice.  Made from real watermelons, and its none of that artificial coloring/juices crap anywhere else.  Their banana pancakes taste just like Jack Johnson said they would.  (Lame joke.)Its a little ways off of the strip, but if you ever find yourself in the Green Valley area, come here.  Its in a small shopping center with Anthropologie and Francesca's, as well as a cute little patio for you to eat in.
4	My sister lives in Henderson and so when I am in town we often go to the District to eat and/or shop. I found this little gem on my last trip. I ended up going there twice during my 4 day stay since the food was so good. First time was on a Sunday afternoon. I had the Gorgonzola burger with sweet potato fries. Both were excellent. The burger was juicy and cooked to perfection. The cheese on top gave it a really great flavor. I am a sweet potato fries fanatic and these were not the best ever, but pretty good just the same. I also had an ice cold beer with my meal; glad to see they had some good bottled micro-brews. The combo really hit the spot and I left extremely satisfied even though I was ravenous when we arrived. My friend got the spinach salad and when I tasted it it was also very good. She also took advantage of the $3 mimosas they offer on Sundays and said they were perfectly made. When we went back with my sister a couple days later I decided to try a salad since that is what they are known for. I got the arugula and pear one and it was delicious! A lot of texture and crunch. It had a bite to it from the arugula but the pear balanced this with a little sweetness and the goat cheese and fennel added an extra flavor dimension. My friend got the same spinach salad (she liked it that much!) and a Bellini which she said was not nearly as good as the mimosas. My sister had a wrap and regular fries. She said they were good but nothing special. I think the best items at this place are definitely the salads. I agree with some reviewers' comments that the prices seem a little steep for what you get. But the quality of the food and the excellent service make it well worth what you pay. Sitting out on the patio on a nice day, this is a great place for a ladies' lunch or even a brunch/lunch date. We did notice that on weekdays this seems to be a haven for mommies/nannies with little ones in tow. But on the weekends I agree with the other reviewers that this is definitely a dog-lovers hangout.
5	Rachel's Kitchen is my go to cafe for a quick salad or sandwich and brunch on the weekends. All the workers are very friendly and the owners Chris and Stacey are always involved. I enjoy the large outdoor patio on nice days. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	WOW. So delicious!! Came here 2x during a 5 day business trip and couldn't get enough! Love the casual atmosphere.  Cobb salad was one of the best I've ever had.  Can't wait to go back!
3	This is a good place to have a terrific lunch although they serve breakfast as well. The food was FRESH and super tasty. This place definitely stands out from your average sandwich/wrap/salad joint. I had the pleasure of tasting the "440" Sandwich- very satisfying! Your choice of bread, [I WOULDNT CHOOSE THE FRENCH BREAD AGAIN though, only because all the ingredients kept slipping out and just plain made a mess of everything] comes with CHICKEN, AVOCADO, SWEET RED PEPPER, LETTUCE, TOMATO- DELICIOUS. You get a choice of onion rings, sweet potatoes, or fries. I tried both the ONION RINGS AND SWEET POTATOES, but the sweet potatoes take the cake! YUMMY. I also tried the WATERMELON JUICE - it was good, but I didn't get what everyone was raving about in reviews- I mean, it simple, just plain watermelon juice. If you try it, make sure you ask for ice in your cup! What I enjoyed most about this place is that there's a variety of items on the menu- something for everyone- pasta, burgers, hummus, dessert items etc.. I wasn't too fond of their seating arrangement and the place is really small. AND sadly the service was not very good as they completely forgot to make my friends order- ON THE PLUS SIDE: they gave him a free dessert for the mistake. I would come here again and recommend it to all my health junkies :)
5	5 stars all the way for the....1. Freshness, crispness of the leafy greens and vegetables they use. Seriously you will NOT find any wilted and brown greens in your food.2. Freshness of the high quality deli meat/ hamburger patties & juiciness of the meat. 3. Attentive waitresses and excellent customer service.4. The excellent Chinese Chicken Salad, BBQ Bacon Burger, and the Smoked Turkey & Avocado Sandwich5. Delicious non-greasy & crispy onion rings!
5	Quick, wholesome, delicious food.
4	Great lunch spot find. There are so many yummy options that it was hard to make a decision between breakfast or lunch. I ended up ordering the veggie sandwich on a ciabatta roll with sweet potato fries. The combination of fresh grilled veggies (eggplant, zucchini, roasted red peppers, squash, red onion and tomatoes) and goat cheese were mouthwatering. The sweet potato fries were good, not too soggy and not too crispy. I used my yelp check in offer and chose the lemon, poppyseed muffin. Wow was it good. I had to stop myself from eating more than half because it was so delicious. The lemon was a great add to the mix. I'm hoping to try this place again soon. This time for a salad or breakfast!!
4	Yummy! I had curry chicken salad sandwich with sweet potato fries. It was seasoned right to my taste and of course, I love the flavor of curry. A bonus to this was when I checked in with yelp, I get to have a free pastry.. since I was there around 6pm, there wasn't many to choose from, I end up getting their big fat chocolate chip cookie which was delicious. I went to the gym a couple hours later to burn off that fat cookie that I ate! I want to come back and try other things there at an earlier time.
3	It's a really good place to have outdoor brunch this time of year (end of autumn). The atmosphere is great at a shaded table under lots trees with green scenery. The vegetarian sandwich I ordered today is pretty good. I really like they put raw onion, grilled eggplant, grilled tomato with little mayo sauce in it. Watermelon juice tastes really fresh and yummy. However, I don't really like the arugula pear salad I ordered today. It was a tad too sour and under seasoned (just need a dash of salt) to me. As a big fan of arugula salads, I didn't finish them today. It's a 3.5 stars in my book.
4	Had a delicious, large Cobb salad for lunch.  A little pricey, but very good.
2	Clean environment.I think its way over price for what they serve. I had the Caesar wrap but it was overly salty.
4	I love Rachel's Kitchen. It's the best option if you're looking fr a place to eat at in the district. Their food is always fresh and highly addictive. My go to items are either one of the salads or the "440 sandwhich". The staff is always friendly and brings you your order. I've been meaning to try the breakfast because the menu looks delicious. The only minor complaint I have would be it's a little on the pricey side. I know they have really fresh ingredients so I can't complain too much. I still will continue coming here because it's so tasty though!Also when the weather is nice you can sit outdoors with your dog which is a major plus!
4	Delish! Everything I've every had there has been really good, fresh salads and wraps to my kids PB&J. I find it annoyingly busy during lunch hours so when I go I plan to go early or later. Mimosas on Sunday while listening to jazz outside. The district doesn't have that much going on but this place makes it a worthwhile destination. I do agree with some other reviewers that it is a tad overpriced.
4	Rachel's Kitchen, the Sequel, is just as good as the original on my side of town.  I appreciate having one that's located right down the road from my workplace in Hendertucky.  Fresh, healthy, wholesome food is certainly on the menu, but if you're like me, you go for the artery-clogging Ultimate Grilled Cheese sandwich.  Hey, I had sweet potato fries instead of the other, evil kind, so that's got to be a little redeeming, right?  Anyway, I don't feel guilty--it was GOOD and I enjoyed every bite.  I also liked the fact that when I checked in on Yelp, I had the option of receiving a FREE cookie or muffin--I LOVE free things!  I'll be back and maybe I'll order something with green vegetables...or not.
3	I have only been to Rachel's Kitchen no more than five times. I have mix reviews about this whether if I should give it a four star or a three star.  Then I settled with a three-star because after tasting several of their food by munching off with my friends and my food.  I believe their food quality is mediocre and the price for the food, I believe is a little too over-priced.I recently went to Rachel's Kitchen and ordered a Turkey Club Sandwich and the price was a little over $10 or $11.  For the taste of the food was not worth it.  I'd rather walk further and went to panera bread instead.  With that being said, I am no hurry to come back to Rachel's Kitchen, i would try other options first.  TIP: Check-in to rachel's kitchen and get $3 off mimosa on sundays :]
4	I work in the district, so this place is right down the road.  We usually walk over to it.  I have to be honest I have only come here when I am on a work lunch.  The first time I went I got a burger with fries. It was tasty it wasn't cheap and it wasn't too overpriced.  The second time I got the chicken Caesar wrap.  This was amazing!  I mean it was just a wrap but it was a good sized tasty wrap.   I seen the other dishes from my co workers orders.  The pastas look pretty good too.  The best thing about this place is when it's nice outside you want to sit outside.  Overall the food is really good.  I have to say that the lunch prices are a little steep but at least the food makes up for it.  If you are ever in the district go grab a bite!  Cheers!
4	The best grilled cheese sandwich!  Try it for yourself.  Good sized tasty salads.  Wine and art nights are fun.
4	Occasionally, I try to undo all the damage yelping does to my arteries.  So...I head on down to Rachel's Kitchen.My go-to drink is Sweet Greens with kale, cucumber, lemon, ginger, spinach, apple, etc.  Yes, it sounds revolting unless you're a hippie.  However,  I tell myself it's good for me (guh, who actually likes eating kale??) and gulp it down.  They have other, less intense juices like watermelon, if you're a wuss.They also serve food and it's pretty good.  I enjoy the vegetarian sandwich.  It has goat cheese and I truly believe most things taste better with goat cheese.  They also have some great vinaigrette salad dressings. Also, randomly, they serve alcohol.  I'm tempted to order oatmeal and wine one day.  Maybe I'll head there right now...
4	I really enjoyed this place!  Great spot for one of those days where you are looking for a quick bite rather than going to a fast food restaurant.  There were many options on the menu, but I decided to go for the Turkey club.  I mean cmon now, turkey, bacon, AND avocados all in a sandwich, I am sold! The portion size was decent!  Not too big and not too small!  It came with either salad or fries (I chose the more unhealthier option).  If im going to have bacon, might as well throw in the fries right?! haha.  I'd definitely go back and try other things!  The smoothies looked good, maybe that next time!
5	This place is amazing and defines what fresh ingredients and fresh food is all about. My hubby and I ordered the classic cheeseburger, fettuccine Alfredo, and side of onion rings (as seen in the photos). Believe me the food tastes as good as the pictures look. The fettuccine was so creamy and gave it an earthy taste with the added mushrooms. The cheeseburger was one of the fresher/ better tasting burgers I've had in a while. I'm such a stickler for perfectly cooked and seasoned patties. A lot of times especially when beef patties aren't grilled under a flame, the party absorbs the blood and thus will give it a "gamey" smell/ taste. I was surprised though how well this patty was cooked considering it was probably cooked on a flat stove. The onion rings were wonderful as usual. Excellent food and service makes this perfect place to grab lunch!
5	Love the 440 and the tuna salad.  Best tuna ever.  Food is much better dine in that take out but still a winner.
4	Yummy place. Great food and portions. 440 is my fav!
3	I want to like Rachel's Kitchen more than I do.  To me, this place should be a slam-dunk.  They offer fresh food and healthy alternatives to the normal restaurant fare.  However, there are a few things that really bother me about this place.  Let me elaborate.The first problem I've encountered is inconsistency.  I like going to places where I know that I can order the same thing more than once and get, well, the same thing.  Sometimes I get stuck in ruts and return to places over and over for a particular menu item.  That's how I know whether a place is consistent or not... and this place isn't.  I have ordered the same wrap (a BBQ chicken one) a dozen or so times.  Sometimes it absolutely blows me away.  Sometimes it is flavorless and skimpy on the filling.  Since I never know which way it is going to be prepared, I usually opt for other food places while I'm at The District.  The prices at Rachel's are similar to Panera, but at least I know how my Panera will taste.Secondly, the service is somewhat lacking.  At times, I've been greeted with a smile.  Other times, I am greeted with a huff.  It goes along with this consistency issue that seems to be a theme at Rachel's - I like to know that I'm not going to be punished because the person taking my order is having a bad day.  Lastly, some of the tables are TINY.  Like, barely large enough for two people to comfortably fit their orders on the tabletop.  Last time I visited, my fiance ordered a salad and I had a wrap.  Once you added drinks and utensils to the mix, it was a cramped mess.  Between the crowded tabletop and the fact that the table was scooted waaaaay too close to the line of people waiting to order, I felt claustrophobic and wanted to leave.When Rachel's is good, it's some of the best food around.  When it's not, it feels like highway robbery.  I really wish this place would live up to its potential!
2	I really wanted to like Rachel's. I love a great cafe with an al fresco option, unfortunately Rachel's was a huge disappointment. The staff was dismissive and one girl was down right rude. The outdoor ambiance was amazing, but I really couldn't get over the careless staff. To compound the poor experience the food was just meh. We won't be back to Rachel's.
4	Much better breakfast than anywhere in Green Valley Ranch. This place is in the shops out the Backdoor of GVR by the cinemas. Love the omelettes. Lunch menu looks good too.
4	This is a recommended lunch place as they have a variety of sandwiches, wraps, burgers, and pastas.  The prices are about on par with their quality (about 8-12 dollars a meal), so there are no surprises there.  The only thing I would be aware of is that the location is a little small so they have few tables - which are also small.  However if you can stand the heat (or it isn't summer) there is plenty of seating outside.  The food is good and there is enough variety on the menu to keep you coming back to try something else.  I plan to go back several more times.
4	pretty yummy but pretty pricey.
4	Discovered this little gem thanks to a good friend of mine. The location appears to be extremely small and cramped inside, but the beauty of being in The District is that you can eat outside when the weather permits and they bring your order outside to you.As a vegetarian, they do have a few choices for me. There's the Vegetarian Gourmet Sandwich and the Ultimate Grilled Cheese. They also have a Grilled Garden Burger but as a creature of habit, I always get the Vegetarian Gourmet Sandwich. I love the way that it is prepared and the veggies are always super fresh, juicy and delicious! I am also a big fan of their fries! :) Next time I visit, I have to get out of my comfort zone and try the grilled cheese or the burger. Both sound really good!I'd recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a good sandwich. I also found out by accident that there's one just five minutes from my house in Summerlin. Have to hit that location here really soon. The only downside outside of it being pretty small inside is that it is a little pricey, in my opinion. But it's worth it.
1	The food was good. All was great until I found a pubic hair in my turkey sandwich. NO!!!! Why!!! I'm ruined forever...... Can't go back, maybe for a juice drink
4	I have been to Rachel's Kitchen twice and I have yet to be disappointed. The first time I went, I had a Smoked Turkey and Avocado sandwich and it was pretty good. It wasn't my favorite sandwich ever, but the ingredients were very fresh. I loved my Hawaiian Bliss smoothie though. I'm a fan of different textures in my drinks, so the coconut in my smoothie was great. The second time I went to Rachel's, I had their Granola with Yogurt and Fruit. It was delicious! I highly recommend this if you're a granola fan. I definitely plan on stopping by again to try more of their menu items.
4	This is a great spot, mostly because when I was sitting outside enjoyng my lunch, I didn't feel like I was in Las Vegas.  There were young families and folks with their dogs and it was so nice to not feel like I was at a "Vegas" place.  The food is really good too.  I had a really good turkey club sandwich with crispy bacon and avocado.  The mixed green side salad had a flavorful vinigarette.  The menu has a lot of healthy variety that includes breakfast, smoothies, sandwiches, pasta and salads.  The inside is small, but there are are also a handful of outside tables where you can do some nice people watching.  I was staying at the Green Valley Ranch and this was just across the street - a really nice way to get out of the casino / hotel.
4	Rachel's Kitchen is almost always a solid bet. Food is pretty consistent, service is decent (most often with a smile), and location is great when it's nice outside; inside is a bit cramped. My go-tos here are the signature pasta, either turkey-based sandwich, or the breakfast wrap & burrito. They're great about substitutions (I do some weird stuff with my orders sometimes, or "creative," if you wanna be nicer about it). Bottom line: not my absolute favorite breakfast/lunch place in the world, but one I'll keep coming back to. Bonus: they have a liquor license and use fresh OJ in their mimosas!
4	When shopping at The District I like to come here for a quick bite to eat. I usually have their Sweet Potato Fries. Perfect snack food for that quick energy boost I need when I'm out shopping. The serving is enough to feed two people. Texture wise the fries are moist inside and slightly crispy outside. Cut just right..not too thin or too thick.   I  also like to order the fresh squeezed watermelon juice to quench my thirst. It's so refreshing and about the only place I know that has it. The juice always taste sweet.  Price wise it's pretty fair and in line with the surrounding shops around here.  Service wise: Staff here has always been pleasant and my orders come out fairly quickly when it's not busy. It's counter service so just place and pay for your order at the counter, place your number placard on your table, and a server will bring your order to you. Table seating inside can get loud with their blenders mixing up the drinks. They have plenty more  seating outdoors with trees for shade.  When it's not windy it's nice to dine al fresco here.
4	I had a tasty turkey sandwich with fries from Rachel's Kitchen for lunch on a nice end of summer day.  We decided to eat outside at one of the tables since the inside was pretty busy.  The food was fresh and delicious.  Price point was about average ($9 for my meal, water to drink).
3	The food was okay, the grilled cheese was burned ;-)
5	Wow!  I just had an awesome breakfast and I am ready for the rest of my day!I decided to try "The Favorite" breakfast plate because it had avocado, goat cheese & sundried tomatoes (my 3 favorite things). A very friendly girl brought the plate out to me so I didn't have to wait by the counter. The food was fresh, hot, and tasted great!I will definitely be back!!!
5	Great breakfast! Smoothie was delicious too!!!!
4	Very cool place, awesome menu and a little steep on the pricing! Love the chicken  Caesar wrap is awesome! Wish the sweet potato fries were crispier but meh I'll survive. They just expanded! Nice to have the extra space but I'm not sure it's being utilized properly to maximize the space.
5	Gotta love their watermelon juice. The only place I can count on to have the fresh fruit juice on a cold winter day!   As I was waiting for my order to be made I noticed there is something different about the place. There's more space.. There's more tables ..and chairs...there's actually more seating! Luckily the employee confirmed and  answered my question.. yes they did remodel and finished expanding it last month!  For a minute there I thought I was going crazy. Looking good RK!
5	What can I say about this place?  Sure, sometimes they may be out of the brownies or pecan bars . . . but let's be honest is that really a bad thing?  Sure, I'd love to know in advance when a certain muffin is being made.To be honest- Rachel's at the District is a place to feel at home.  You pay for what you get and it is well worth the price.  Rachel's will custom make your omlette and lunch to make it fit what you can eat.I love the fact that they have outdoor seating with heat lamps that you can just sit at and read and eat and people watch.  Everyone is always checking to see if everything is okay.  They have free wifi which makes it easier for me as I teach an love that I can work and eat at the same time.I love the fact that they give back to the community through their 3 year celebration to the St. Baldricks (spelling).  I wish more small businesses would do this.This place is the best for omlettes, salads, and sandwiches.  If I were to ask for anything to improve on, I would say maybe a list of what kind of muffins are being made, more nutritional breakdown, and powder sugar or cinnamon sugar  for their sweet potato fries to make it more of a dessert.
4	I wanted to let you know about our experience at Rachel's Kitchen, today. The food was fabulous and we ate outside in the GV District , very pleasant. However, I would have purchased your unique fruit juices, if I could taste one. When asked the employee she said they did not offer samples, too bad. My husband and I would have purchased 2. Not being familiar with your reciepies, samples may increase your sales. I ordered the Cobb Chicken Salad and a pecan dessert, my husband had a lite salad and chicken sandwich including passion teas. Nice day to dine outdoors in the GV district.
5	Healthy *check*Convenient *check*Delicious *check*Food allergy friendly *check*I don't' know where I've been that I did not know about the Henderson location (in the District) but I'm happy I've finally gotten with the program.Meeting one of my BFF's for lunch and on this healthy eating thing I've been doing, Rachel's Kitchen was the perfect choice.Lean white meat turkey burger on gluten free bread served up next to a fresh spring salad and a side of avocado.. YUM!  Making lunch your biggest meal of the day, you can't go wrong at Rachel's Kitchen. Fresh ingredients, healthy choices, and food allergy accommodations you're speaking my language. Oh, and let me touch on their adorable outdoor bistro style seating options (as the weather improves here it's just perfect), and their friendly and attentive staff.Thank you Rachel's Kitchen for making my lunch break most memorable and lets not forget about DELICIOUS!
4	Hanging out at The District and looking for eats that promises to be fresh, consistent, and affordable? Then you can't go wrong with Rachel's Kitchen. I've been to the Summerlin location and always received quality eats with great service. This location is little different than the other spots since it's located in a shopping mall.  There's a wide variety of food from smoothies, oatmeals, sandwiches, and wraps. My usual order is their Smoked Avocado Turkey Sandwich and their PB Blast.  On this visit, I got their Turkey Burger, Sweet Potato Fries, and their Peanut Butter Blast w/extra protein. The turkey burger wasn't as big as other joints, but was definitely tastier.  One thing about some turkey burgers is that they can get a little dry.  Rachel's is just perfect and almost taste like a real burger minus the high calories. My friend loves their Chicken Curry Sandwich and decided to change it to a wrap on this visit.  She killed it so I assume that was was good too.  One thing about this location is that it's a little busier than the Summerlin location.  This location has a different vibe, but still has the great service.  I love the Summerlin location and may be a little biased since that's the location that I frequent.  Overall, I'm still a fan of Rachel's and will continue to pay a visit when I'm in The District.
4	I really like Rachel's Kitchen and recommend it to a lot of friends who are looking for good wholesome food around the Green Valley area.  I love coming here for lunch when I'm in the area.  And, they recently expanded so they're twice as big now which is great!The food is delicious and really fresh.  You really get the feeling they pride themselves on their menu and quality of ingredients.  I usually get the spinach salad with chicken.  It's excellent and really filling but light.  Their smoothies, especially the peanut butter blast, are just sweet enough and light enough you don't feel too guilty ordering them.I did have an unfortunate experience there last time.  I ordered the sweet greens juice (fresh kale, spinach, cucumber, celery, apple, lemon & ginger root they juice themselves) and the grilled garden burger.  The juice tasted like I was straight up sucking dirt up through a straw and the garden burger wasn't very flavorful at all.  I think I just ordered the wrong things, but that meal made me sad.Even with that previous experience, I'll still go back to Rachel's Kitchen.  Next time, I'll just be more aware of what I order!  The friendly customer service, quality of ingredients, and deliciousness of most their menu items definitely outshine one bad experience there.  And I'll still continue recommending this place to others, just not the sweet greens juice or veggie burger!
5	Rachel's kitchen is located in The District @ Green Valley Ranch.I always see Ms. Christie O. checking in this place at her location in Summerlin so I decided to give it a try with my girlfriend.We ordered;Spinach Salad- To die for! It is composed of spinach, bacon bits, nuts,Chef Salad with the insides of a Rachel's special- Not on the menu decided to invite my own! haha! really deli-sh as well. It consists of chicken apples, and other healthy stuff.Garden Pasta- Not really fond of it it had peas yuck.. But when i tasted it , the sauce it was cooked with was good.. just did not like peas.. hehe im sure you guys will love it.Buffalo Chicken Wrap- wrapped in a tortia based texture, and in the inside of it it had lettuce, cheese, chicken, flavored with BBQ.. It was ok too BBQ tasting for me.. hehe  know i should have known it was in the name.. haha!We wanted to try the popeye drink but it was not available kinda bummed out, but will be back and hopefully they will not run out.Overall, I love this place, I feel good clean and healthy eating here.. There are so many options for everyone for health fanatics and for burger lovers, the menu has a little bit of everything that will fit everyone's foodie desires..TRY NOW!!!!! :)
4	Love this small shop in the District. Fresh, quick and delicious options at a reasonable price. Love the outdoor seating. Also very dog friendly.
4	My watermelon juice was tasty. The boyfriend's BBQ bacon burger wasn't anything spectacular, but it was definitely decent. Overall it seems like a nice place.
4	Twice in the past week we have been to this place and the juices are AWESOME!!!!  The smoothies are good as well and the food compliments.  It has been a while since we were here before these last two visits and it was great to see they expanded the inside and really made the place look nice.We have always enjoyed the food here and now with the juices & smoothies, this place is one at the top of the list.  They have great food, great customer service and a place you should try.  In closing, I have never had a bad experience here and doubt I ever will....A must to your list...
5	Sure nice staff! Coffee was great and the breakfasts we ordered where very, very good. They were super nice to our canine friends, too!
4	Finally got around to trying Rachel's and I'm so glad I did!I met Ms. Fake-Up herself, Dana S, for a spur of the moment lunch and jaunt around The District. I had a hard time finding her in the restaurant because I'm not used to seeing her without all that fake-up lols. I was hungry but also trying to just be a healthier person (don't tell that to the peanut butter cookies I just snarfed) so I got a curried chicken salad over top a green salad. The green salad part kind of ruined it--personal preference...I just don't like vinaigrette and I didn't realize it had vinaigrette on it. No matter, though, because the chicken salad was good and next time, I'll get just the chicken salad with a sandwich instead.Also got the watermelon juice. Yes, it was tasty. Yes, I can understand that it's winter and the prices have to pay for more than just the juice. But over $4 for this juice was really pricey. I will skip it next time to just save a little change. As for the other aspects of business--service, excellent. Decor, excellent. Dining al Fresco? Gotta get on that before it gets to be like stepping into the seventh circle of Hell outside. Skip Panera and come here. Actually go to Panera just for the cookies after lunch. No Danas were harmed in the creation of this Yelp review.
4	I met the Moll-tern here for lunch since both of us had this place bookmarked for a while. The high ratings are definitely well deserved as the food was delicious and fresh and the space plentiful and clean. Also, I am loving the patio seating until it gets scorching hot outside.I parked in the plentiful lot behind Lucille's BBQ at The District, and it was only a short walk form there.I ordered off their "Lighter Side" menu and opted for the grilled chicken sandwich with a side salad. Both the salad and the sandwich were delicious. The sandwich had grilled chicken breast, grilled eggplant, roasted red bell peppers, tomatoes, romaine lettuce and reduced fat mayo. Clocked in at about 330 calories with the salad. Not bad for a filling, quality lunch. Calories well spent.My only gripe is that the calories are only displayed on the "Lighter Side" portion of the menu.This is a great go-to spot for a healthy lunch.
3	Well, the location is perfect, especially if you want to eat outside under the trees.But for the prices, I wasn't especially impressed.  It was good, don't get me wrong, but for $26 - 2 people for lunch, eh, I could have made something at home that was better & way less.The tropical iced tea was horrible, and this is coming from a very picky tea snob, so I think the average person might have liked it.  My standards are very high.  The service was fast & friendly & the restaurant was quite clean. I will give them props for having a few Gluten-Free items on their menu.  Not sure I'll go back, but it was an overall nice-ish experience.
2	Much like my feelings about Greens and Proteins - I think Rachel's acts on the most negative stereotype for good, clean food: it's expensive and often ordinary at best. This is a plague that many Vegas "healthier" choice spots are infected with. That or it's just good business until someone rolls along with a restaurant that proves you can serve good, satisfying food at reasonable prices without taking advantage of a new and untapped market.Don't get me wrong. I don't think Rachel's makes tasteless food. What I do think they make is absurdly expensive mediocre food. Really - why is a sandwich around $12? I'm going to make a comparison to Whole Foods, as I did with G&P, in saying that I can get a much, much more fulfilling sandwich, made to order, with more ingredients and equal-if-not-better quality for $7-8. And it's across the street! Not only that, food is made ridiculously slow. Whole Foods would have it out the moment they got to you.There is no reason to eat here unless you like overpriced food. If that's the case, you will love it.
5	Our recruiting team decided to have our monthly meeting at Rachel's Kitchen to spend a couple of hours at the District.  I'm glad we did!One things for sure, this place is busy!!  Rachel's Kitchen is perfect for the District and really attracts a lot of people.  Young people, families, little children, there were so many people here.  I could tell that the food was going to be good.I decided to get the Smoked Turkey and Avocado sandwich on wheat bread.  This sandwich has smoked turkey, avocado, swiss cheese, mixed greens, tomatoes and chipotle mayo with a mixed salad as my side.  The sandwich is huge!  I appreciated the huge chunks of avocado.  The chipotle mayo really married the sandwich together.  I also loved the balsamic vinaigrette on my mixed green salad side.  No wonder why this place was packed!  The food was great :)The service was top notch as well!  Everyone was so attentive and more than one server kept visiting our table to see if we were doing great.  I definitely think you need to get your butt here.  You will absolutely love it.  Great new joint in the District at Green Valley.
4	Such a fun spot on Sunday mornings for "music and mimosas." There's a live band that plays outside of the cafe, creating a great ambiance. The menu has a wide range of vegetarian options, as well as those for the carnivores among us. All of the options are pretty healthy, and everything I have tried has been delicious(breakfast burrito, garden burger, grilled cheese).Order the sweet potato fries as your side, and you won't be disappointed.
4	Only tried a few smoothies and the chicken caesar wrap...but they were grrrrrrrrrrreat!
3	A nice little place to stop and refuel while you are out at the District. There is indoor and outdoor dining available. I like that the order was brought to the table. The staff was friendly and able to give suggestions in regards to what kind of meal we were craving.  I had the watermelon juice which was very refreshing. My grilled cheese sandwich and side salad were filling and tasty.
4	Umm, apparently I've been living inn a bubble for the past year or so as I had noooo clue a Rachel's Kitchen opened up in the District @ Green Valley Ranch. I love this place with all their deliciously healthy food and they sell beer and wine! I can't wait to go back with my girls and have mimosa's and sit outside before it gets too damn hot. I had the egg white omelet w/ a side of turkey bacon. Yum Yum Yum. They boys got sunrise smoothies, and breakfast wraps which they devoured in no time. Probably cause they were hung over.  Just watch out for for the long lines that can form, but it's worth the wait!
3	I went to Rachel's today on my way out of Las Vegas. I needed to stop at REI and then needed to get some food quickly before leaving town. The BF and I each got a sandwich, he had the chicken club and I had the 404. My sandwich was good, but not great. The ingredients were good; however, they let you choose your bread, I chose wheat thinking it would be a wheat roll of sorts....it was like sandwich bread from the grocery store and it did not hold the sandwich contents in and got soggy quickly. This was pretty disappointing. The BF liked his sandwich, but, again, did not like the bread. The sweet potato fries were kind of on the bland side. Also, the portions were huge and for a place that looks 'healthy' the portions were definitely not healthy. I thought it was just ok...I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
4	My husband and I love to brunch at Rachel's Kitchen on the weekends. Not only did they expand and have tons of seating now, but they also have an awesome outdoor seating area and live music on the weekends. It is a great little hang out place in the spring and fall when the weather is perfect. Now, on to the important stuff...The blueberry pancakes are my personal favorite and they come with a side of fresh fruit. My current addiction is the Wilshire smoothie. Their smoothies are a bit runnier and more juice-like than other places, but they are still super tasty. They also have a great regular breakfast of eggs, toast, potatoes, and bacon. The potatoes seem to be oven roasted and aren't greasy at all. That's the thing I really love about Rachel's kitchen, everything is done with your health in mind. I have only had lunch here once and my sandwich was nothing special. The onion rings were delicious, but there were only about 3 or 4 of them, which was disappointing. This is a great place to relax and enjoy a meal that you won't feel guilty about later, so go grab a seat on the plaza and be serenaded while eating some delicious food!
4	Eaten breakfast twice now at the District location of Rachel's Kitchen.  As many note, there are several tables so you can dine al fresco.  Very nice, they are located near trees so you get some shade as well.  I imagine it wouldn't be comfortable at noon when it's over 100, but in the morning for breakfast it's great.I've had the breakfast wrap and the protein scramble.  The wrap is a whole wheat wrap with bacon, eggs, cheese, and tomato.  I had them substitute the housemade salsa for tomato.  This was solid, but not spectacular.  The scramble on the other hand was excellent.  Spinach, bacon, chicken, with melted cheese.  Will definitely get this one again, the chicken and spinach are great together.Breakfasts come with potatoes, which are diced and fried.  No seasoning, which is very annoying.  It's the weakest part of what otherwise is a very good meal.  I liberally use pepper and hot sauce on them.  You can substitute fruit for $1.25, which we did the second time we ate here.  Melon and pineapple mostly.  It's a good serving size.The wife had the favorite scramble, which has a bunch of veggies and goat cheese.  I generally like anything with goat cheese, and this was no exception.  The sun dried tomatoes were really good in there.The toast with homemade jam is a must.  Very good strawberry jam and good quality wheat toast.  It's a very solid breakfast for a good price in a nice location.  Hard to beat that...
4	Okay okay, I swear I'm not slightly skewed based on the name alone. Rachel's Kitchen is a wonderful casual and healthy place to grab a bite. I've been here numerous times for lunch and have always been pleased. Service is friendly and fast. They have a cute indoor area, but I adore their cafe seating outside. Everything is always fresh and dishes are thoughtful but very casual. I've had most of their salads and they are great. I also tried their grilled cheese and it totally fulfills your cheesy fix. I'm looking forward to trying them out for dinner some time. I also want to try some of their fresh fruit and veggie juices, possibly encourage me to do a cleanse.... for a day.
5	This quaint little place always seems to be busy.  Now I know why!  You'll find it in the middle of the District area.  They have plenty of seating inside with outside patio seating.  The menu is filled with healthy sandwiches, wraps and salads.  Possibly more but I focused in on the salads.  I ordered the Chopped Salad Lite with Grilled Chicken.  Absolutely delicious!  The huge bowl was filled with so much that I actually couldn't finish it.  Usually I don't have a problem with that.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  This little treasure is going on my list of places to visit again soon!  ~ A friend of mine ordered some Sweet Potato Fries.  OH MY!  Some people find it weird that I don't even like sweet potatoes but the fries are a completely different flavor and ever so delightful!
5	I have been wanting to try this place for awhile and was excited that a friend of mine gave in to my suggestion to eat lunch here!The menu has health food selections and even an additional area called the "lite side" for even a little lighter.  I ordered a Chicken Caesar Salad wrap without dressing and sweet potato fries.  They were very accommodating with my side request of no dressing.  The cashier was very helpful and cheery.  I love happy staff! Seating is plentiful as well, both indoor and outdoor.  As it was windy we chose to stay inside.  The place was clean, very friendly with clientele and staff.  I would happily go back to try more items on the menu.
4	Very affordable breakfast. We ordered the Breakfast Wrap and Breakfast Burrito, $7 something each. The food is AVERAGE. The menu is very big, you will find something you like.The juice selection is amazing, except they do not have orange juice (weird!).We ordered a large watermelon juice $5 - SUPER AMAZING.
3	My favorite thing about this place is its focus on healthy eating. I had a delicious turkey burger and didn't feel an ounce of guilt about it. My burger even came with a side of onion rings. I got three large rings: just enough to cure the craving without eating my suggested daily calorie intake in onion rings. The menu was huge and there were lots of things I wanted to try. I'm so excited to go back and try one of the salads I saw being served to other customers. They looked delicious.
3	Definitely not in love with Rachel's Kitchen, but something keeps drawing me in. T: Too loudH: Have earplugs. Holy fucknuts it's so loud in here.R: Read the menu for calorie counts. Some of the meals are in a healthy range.E: Eat the Chicken Curry Sandwich. It's in the awesome range.E: Eat the pasta not the pancakes. I've tasted the pasta and it is light and has a great garlic flavor. My banana chocolate chip pancakes had craters where the bananas must have fallen out or stuck to the pan. FAIL.S: Sit in the chairs and not the bench against the wall if you have short legs. T: Tasty beverages. I will give them that.A: Awesome cucumber water. Nice touch Rachel's.R: Ridiculously loud music. Did I say that already?S: Sit outside when the weather permits so you will have more space and won't be sitting close enough to strangers to scope their chunky earwax. Even though I feel they are VERY three stars I will absolutely be back several times because shopping makes this hippo hungry.
4	Love that they serve breakfast all day and serve fresh juice. Food is always so tasty and fresh. Love eating on the patio.
3	The food here is really good but some of the staff is not very friendly/ seem like they don;t want to be at work. At Rachels, I don't expect workers to behave like they work at Taco Bell.
4	This is going to be my number one place to eat a healthy and wholesome breakfast in Henderson, NV,Rachel Kitchen is in The District which is a shopping center,there was a lot of work going on in the area,so it was like a maze getting her kitchen,you know you are there by the cute patio in front of the building,the place is not that large but a nice size to enjoy your meal,the staff was very friendly and helpful with our order,I had the french toast,with fruits and a side order of turkey becon and a cup of O/J,wife had pancakes with fruits,becon and a cup of watermelon juice,she said it was soooo good,the decor is pretty cool,there is one TV on the wall,I think there may be two restroom here,but I used the one of the left which the sign says male/ female only a stool ( so mens don't for get to lift and lower the lid) Oh they also have gluten free food,cleansing juice,protein and smoothies,burgers,warps,pasta,and salads,definitely recommend.
4	Breakfast burrito was light & tasty, not too heavy.  The Protein lovers breakfast was great, grilled chicken, spinach, cheese - very good
3	The service is good, the salads are decent. The free water is phenomenal! But seriously, I like the variety of salads they have. Too many to choose from.
4	Wasnt sure what to eat, but after checking out the menu we decided to try this place. It's located in the GVR shopping plaza.Favorite thing is they offer breakfast all day...since its also my favorite meal of the day I knew we would workout.One lame thing is the check in offer. The way it's worded is you get 50% off beer and wine. Turns out its only advertising for the deal they already have...aka happy hour m-f 4-6pm. I had the favorite. It's a scrabble with goat cheese and roasted tomatoes and avacado (my fav). Comes with a side of potatoes-9.75. Next time, I wanna try the acai bowl! -6.95My husband got the meat lovers. It's cheesy with bits of bacon and chicken. He said he would get mine next time. We will be back, and trying different things
4	I was excited too finally check out one of the many locations for Rachel Kitchens. Really not just once but twice in the same day. Woot! Woot! I made little pre running stop looking for healthy smoothies or juice too kick start the day. They have pretty big selection comes too juices, smoothies, and goes on and on. I really enjoy the Hawaiian Bliss. All the drinks you can add protein powder for extra dollar either soy or whey. I added some whey loved it. Not sure all the ingredients just tasted light, refreshing with all the fresh fruit, and protein powder extra boast start running day. After the run came back for lunch with friend and running partner. Once again talk about  nice selection from salads, pastas, sandwiches, and more. I was feeling some pasta and carbs after morning run. So went with the Signature Pasta. It was good. The thing that stood out the most for me is the fact hearty till the bottom of the bowl. Not so much the chicken although too be fair nice amount of chicken in the bowl. The diced eggplant, other vegetables, and really nice tomato cream sauce that just right amount of sauce too pasta. The pasta never was drowning in sauce. Yet once get too the bottom of the bowl each bite still coated with the sauce. The portion size is GREAT! You do pay little extra maybe because everything more health conscious in mind. Everything tasted fresh, and getting healthy always good thing in life. Looking for healthy place too eat Rachel Kitchen sure is great spot! If not for all the construction going on in The District would say great place too sit on the patio out front, people watch, great meal, and great company great conversations good times. Now that I had my Rachel Kitchen fix look forward too checking out more of the menu. Best thing about multiple  locations one much closer too my side of town. Yay! The service and workers are fabulous. They great job of explaining the menu since it was my first time. We sat outside for lunch. Never felt neglected the whole time someone coming out checking on us making sure everything was great. Inside one of the best things with the high ceilings easy too have conversations. I like the colors interior nice relaxing, cozy, and feels like doing it healthy way.
4	Banana bread amazing, acai bowl fantastic!  It's one of the only healthy places to eat nearby work, so I'm At Rachel's at least twice a month. Breakfast burrito & veggie salad I would pass on, overall pretty consistent with good food, juice & full coffee bar.
4	This is one of my new favorite places for lunch. Rachel's Kitchen has a great menu of healthy and not so healthy items. Their lighter side menu is very filling and helpful for people who are watching their calories. They even offer gluten free bread! They don't just serve lunch,  they also have breakfast which is available all day long! I've been to Rachel's Kitchen three times now. So i'll start with what I had each time. First time I went I got a Veggie Wrap which comes with a mixed green salad and their own fat-free balsamic vinaigrette. This was off the lighter side menu and had 315 calories. I loved the grilled veggies on the wrap and the vinaigrette had the perfect amount of tang. The second time I went my husband came along. I ordered the Turkey club with turkey bacon instead of regular (It was awesome to have that choice!) on sourdough bread. With their sandwiches you have the option of ordering mixed green salad, french fries, sweet potato fries or onion rings! I went with the fries. I've had many, many turkey clubs, but this one has to be my all time favorite. It's not just a mash of sandwich! You can actually taste each layer as you bite into it!! The thick slices of swiss cheese were awesome! I also enjoyed the fries; they were very crisp and they serve them with a side of ketchup. My husband got the Sauteed Mushroom Burger.  It was very juicy and I loved that it came on a whole wheat bun. Again, the swiss cheese was thick and oozing! On my third visit I went with my Dad. Rachel's is just up the street from his office and being that he has been dieting I knew he would find something to his liking here! I ordered the Smoked Turkey and Avocado sandwich on sourdough with the mixed green salad on the side. Let me say I do love their house vinaigrette. (I must not be the only one that likes it cause I noticed they sell bottles of it at the counter.) My sandwich was piled high with turkey, avocado and that thick cut swiss!!! Yum! You also get a huge salad on the side. My Dad ordered the Grilled Vegetable salad. It was huge and he said very filling. It was on the lighter side menu and it was only 159 calories. I have to mention I also am loving their organic green tea! I might as well of hooked up an IV bag of it to my mouth! About the decor and ambiance: it was OK at best. It can get really loud at times and the bench seats are not very comfy. There is outdoor seating which will be really nice once they finish construction at the district.Overall, I love Rachel's Kitchen and will for sure be back there! I totally want to try their smoothies and juices!
4	Went to Rachel's looking for a healthy fresh breakfast to start my day! That is exactly what I got! I ordered the breakfast burrito which was filled with fluffy eggs, cheese, diced tomatoes and avocado the burrito came with a side of diced fried potatoes (that were not greasy) and ketchup...very delish! I also ordered the watermelon juice and it was awesome! I would recommend this spot for sure. I heard they have amazing salads so I am definitely going back to try lunch!
2	Chicken salad sandwich had more apples than chicken-wasnt very appetizing. Service was ok, food mediocre at best.
4	I've been to Rachel's Kitchen twice and both times were very enjoyable. The first time I had the cobb Salad (several months ago, back when gluten and dairy were part of my diet) It was delicious. I ate it out on the patio and enjoyed the nice April weather. I ate here for a second time this weekend. I ordered the Angel Hair Bolognese with gluten free pasta. It is a homemade meat (beef only) sauce. It was really quite good. I also ordered the Malbec. I was pleasantly surprised to find that this place offered wine. This time I sat at a table in the back and I was happy to find that they had a outlet near my table, excellent for charging my always dead phone. So far both times I've come in alone... I think next time I'll bring my tablet and catch up on my book, rather than sit on FB/Yelp the whole time. ha.I wish they had a few more gluten + dairy free choices... but I'm sure I'll be back soon.
4	The beginning of fall in Las Vegas really makes you want to eat outdoors.  Rachel's Kitchen in The District was a good pick for us while we were out and about.  We recently went vegan so choosing the right place to eat with a non-vegan in tow can be exhausting.  I asked one of the servers there on what options we can have and she showed me on the menu what we can have and what we can modify to suit our diet.  I ordered the Tomato & Basil Pasta, my partner had the Veggie Wrap, and mom had Pancakes with a side of bacon.  Can you tell who is the non-vegan here.  HAHA!  Let me tell you, the pasta essentially can be divided into 3 or even 4 servings.  It was so good that I had to pace myself and had enough leftovers for 2 servings for lunch for me and the hubby the next day!  The Veggie Wrap was good also.  Obviously I couldn't partake on the pancakes & bacon, but from moms' reaction, they were both good.  The pancakes were nice and fluffy and the bacon was crispy.  Rachel's Kitchens' customer service is awesome.  Not only do their servers know what they are selling, the constant walk through by them outside kept us hydrated and our plates cleaned once we were done eating.  I highly recommend this place for good eats, good drinks, and if you love people watching, their patio is the best place for it!
4	I ordered half sald but it was still big.  My daughter had tomato soup, it was excellent.  To order food at the counter, all staff are friendly and nice.  We loved there.
2	Was here for lunch. Kitchen lost our order, waited 30 minutes for food...  My kids were kicking each other with restlessness by the time it arrived. Got a quick apology upon delivery of food at the table, then nobody came around afterward. I regret tipping upfront. Felt really ignored.  2 thumbs down for today's service, they're normally better.
4	I was staying at Green Valley Ranch and desperately in need of some good coffee (Starbucks actually opened there two days before I left). I happened on Rachel's Kitchen, and I found some quality coffee along with more upscale accompaniments like soy and almond milks. I chose the breakfast burrito with bacon and eggs, but there were many more vegetarian and innovative options as well for breakfast. While I found the prices slightly pricey, this is a unique stand out in an area with chains and fast food.
2	Love to eat at Rachel's, but won't be going back again. Why is that places have to take advantage of locals pockets to be healthy. I think it's wrong to charge a $1.50 extra for egg whites and a additional $1.50 for replacing bacon for turkey bacon. It added an almost extra $7 to the bill for 2 people. The egg whites was what really got me though. I can go to plenty of other fantastic local restaurants that won't take advantage of being a healthy person.
4	Rachael's is a wonderful place to meet a friend for lunch or an afternoon glass of wine.  Most of the year, it is very enjoyable to sit outside and enjoy The District, although since they added the street down the middle where you can drive and park, I am not sure how that has affected the ambiance of sitting outside.  They have lots of healthy and delicious choices on the menu and I always feel good about the food I eat when I am here.One of my favorites is their thai chicken salad.
5	This restaurant is in the Distrist plaza.  It's very clean, green decor, with outside seating available.  You go up to the counter and order first.  The menu next to the register has all of the details compared to the the large one above.  They make fresh juice!   I ordered the Popeye it had a strong taste of beets but tasted good overall. I chose the grilled cheese with onion rings.  They bring your order to the table.  The grilled cheese had tomato in it. The asiago in it mmm!!! It was perfect... Buttery toast with just enough crunch to the outside.  Delicious mix of cheese. The onion rings are thick and crunchy.  SO GOOD!  Only thing, they only give you 3 of them. I could eat a basket!  I'm craving it again already!
5	I love this place!  The food is wholesome and delicious!. You can get fresh squeezed juices, plump onion rings, delicious pastas, and a table outside to people watch in The District. And not to forget, Mimosa's and wine! The staff is full of knowledge and very friendly! Thank you Rachel's Kitchen!!
5	Love this place. We come here every time my mom visits. Recommend the protein scramble, veggie burger and quinoa pasta dishes. Good wine at a reasonable price and $3 mimosas on Sundays, yay! Love the location and the staff is great.
4	We've been frequenting Rachel's Kitchen for quite some time now--even before the expansion & remodel . We mainly go there for breakfast at least a couple times a month on Saturdays and it's always enjoyable.  The kitchen staff knows our order and that I often substitute Gruyere cheese for the Swiss in my breakfast wrap as well as opting for fruit instead of home fries.  I also love their bacon Gruyere muffins- they are so delicious! The owner often stops by and chats with us and everyone makes us feel so welcome. It's really a great place to relax and enjoy a meal--you can sit inside or outside and people watch while sipping a smoothie, indulging in some muffins or their yummy variety comfort foods.
5	Been back many times since the original review. The expansion is great, so glad to have more space. The food is still amazeballs. Ended up speaking with the owner by chance who was taking our order (when does that ever happen these days?!!). Talked at length about his place and how they have big plans with The District (farmers markets!). Very cool guy. Now if only we could do something about the dang kids running around all the time and the draft that comes through the front door (find a seat inside to the right to avoid it btw)Oh and how could I forget... $3 Mimosas on Sunday!!!!
5	Good healthy food fast! Like no other can't be beat
2	I ate here a long time ago meeting a couple of friends for brunch.  My sandwich was dry and tasteless and barely edible and my potatoes were cold.  I was underwhelmed for the price and avoid going back.  I just didn't get it except for a lazy, convenient place to meet and eat outside.  Location is the only appeal about this place.  I am not sure why people consistently say they like this place.  I think I also ate here another time when they first opened.
4	Half price mimosas on sundays, you can't go wrong. David had the delicious garden pasta, and i had an awesome omelet. There was live music as well, and plenty of outdoor seating for us and sammie:-)
4	The outdoor seating is perfect for people watching.  It's healthy, casual, and one cannot go wrong with the $3 mimosas all day Sunday.  All the REI customers in the District stop in here.  It's like eating at Whole Foods without paying for the food per pound.  You definitely get more bang for your buck. Their smoothies are addictive and the spinach salad hits the spot.  And if you ask me,  the pineapple bread is also a must.
5	Good portion size so you may want to share. Breakfast all day. Home style food which is fresh & healthy. Catering available as well. Close to Green Valley Casino if you've had enough of buffets. Wraps, burgers, pastas, smoothies, beer, champagne, mimosas, fresh squeezed juice , sandwiches, salads, & soups what else could you ask for.
2	Disappointing!!My wife and I ordered some burgers today. During check out the guy behind the register was super awkward almost like he got a crush on me or my wife. Anyhow. We ordered some burgers cooked medium. After finding a table outside we received our food. First they came with the wrong sides but that was an easy fix. The burger was over cooked (well done) almost dry. The bread was blackened on the bottom bun and the whole thing didn't have flavor. I would have taken the food back and had them make it again but I had to go to work.The only reason I gave two stars is cuz you can tell the quality they use on there food is good. Now they just need to learn how to make decent food.
4	This place is great the food is always fresh and I love to sit outside when the weather is nice. I thought I would not like the new district with the parking but it was not as bad as I thought. Go for lunch or brunch you are sure to enjoy this place
5	wow, an amazing lunch, I had a chicken wrap and sweet potato fries, so good, and staff was very friendly.
5	Great selection of healthy choices. Love that they have juice and pretty good options for gluten free. Love the new set up too
2	So frustrated with this trip... I ordered online.  It said the soonest to pickup was in 30 minutes,  but luckily I knew from the last time the food will be ready in 10-15 and just sit there. It took me 15 minutes to get there and sure enough... my food was sitting. I waited about 5 minutes to pay and when I paid I noticed the price was $3 more than what the online order said. I asked and the guy didn't have a clue. I just said ok and paid. .. well I got home and obviously there was a reason the price was different.  It wasn't what I ordered. I took it back and stood waiting to be acknowledged.  Finally a nice lady helped me and she seemed more concerned with figuring out why the order was wrong than getting the right order made. She had them remake the entire order. When they handed me the correct order she asked if I paid more or less. I said more, but only like $3 and not to worry about it.. (not to mention I gave a $5 tip on $25 order the first time I picked it up). She said ok. I guess it's my fault for saying it was alright and assuming they'd insist to give me the difference back because of the principle.The food is good, people make mistakes and they somewhat fixed it,  but the customer service just isn't there. They need to fix the ordering site to say as soon as possible so the customer knows to just head there and if they have to wait a bit, that's acceptable.  Better than having a grilled cheese sit for 20 minutes because their site said it wouldn't be ready for 30 min. ..May give it another shot, but the last 2 times have been disappointing.
5	I brought my mom yesterday morning with my dog to eat at Rachel's Kitchen at The District. Maybe because it was a combination amazing weather and ambiance at the restaurant, I thought this place is definitely worth updating on. I ordered the Grilled Vegetable & Chicken Salad with the Turkey Avocado w/Bacon Sandwich to share. The chicken was thinly cut and grilled with the perfect charred taste. My mom and I enjoyed the other grilled vegetables like the bell peppers and zucchini that came with the salad, it was really refreshing! When I ordered the sandwich, the cashier asked if I wanted 2 or 3 pieces of sourdough bread and of course being so hungry i asked for 3. The bacon slices they used were actually the thick kind, not the really thin flabby strips that you find at other sandwich stores. We sat outside with our dog and enjoyed our food with the perfect weather. I am really impressed how much has improved at The District, the additional parking in front of the store, additional seating, and cleanliness really makes this place such an enjoyable place. Few differences that would make me choose to eat at Rachel's Kitchen rather than Panera Bread is the friendliness of the staff, freshness of the food especially the salad, and being able to see the shops and people walk around while you are eating. Also I wanted to note is that the staff is friendlier and the wait time for your food was faster (yes it was busy) compared to the other Rachel's Kitchen locations.Great job Rachel's Kitchen staff :)
3	Good eats, but slightly overpriced. Nice wine/beer options. Summer patio option is a plus! I've had their wraps and salads. Healthy, fresh, easy.
5	I love the food here and love the atmosphere as well. This place is on the district and feels like a little community when you sit outside. I love how this place has healthy food and the food is so delicious. I love coming here and sitting outside with my boyfriend and enjoy the weather while we eat pasta or salads or whatever we will be getting that night. I truly love coming here and getting the food. I would 100 percent recommend this place to everyone to try. I love how they redid the district and now it feels like a little village.
3	I go in to Rachel's kitchen all the time and order the grilled cheese. Not once have my mom and I gone there where they didn't screw up our order!! We always ask for no tomatoes yet one of the sandwiches seems to get tomatoes on them. It's so ridiculous considering we specifically ask them. Another thing I've noticed is the staff seems to not enjoy there job. If u don't want to be there then don't work there, but please don't walk around with a attitude. Overall the food is delicious, it's the customer service that isn't so great.
5	Great place, with a relaxed environment. It's a go to lunch spot. Their Tomato Basil Pasta and Watermelon Juice is a must!
4	Located inside the District at Green Valley Ranch.. Rachel's Kitchen has never disappointed me!Small, up-to-date, cute restaurant. Friendly staff and good service!They have breakfast and lunch items to choose from! Wraps, sandwiches, pastas, salads, etc. My favorite items have to be their pastas -- either Signature or Garden Pasta, substituted with their gluten-free quinoa pasta! Very tasty, healthy food!Suggested for your reps to bring this in the office for lunch meetings and such!
2	Went today with a coworker for lunch. A lot of things sounded great, but the prices thru me off. I ended up getting a turkey avocado sandwich on sourdough with onion rings. The sourdough was not sour at all. It was like stale, thick cut white bread. The veggies were good and fresh, chipotle mayo was tasty, the meat was like cheap deli meat from the grocery store. For $10, I would have expected better meat and bread. I could have made a better sandwich at home. The onion rings were crispy and not greasy. My coworker had the turkey club with french fries. She also ordered it on sourdough and was disappointed in the bread and meat. She said it was the worst bacon she had ever tasted. How do you mess up bacon?! She said it tasted metallic. The fries were completely bland. No seasoning, not even a small sprinkle of salt. I would return to try something else if it wasn't so damn expensive. For $10 I can get better food, with a drink at Panera around the corner.
1	Hi first off this review is based off customer service not the food.. Food is amazing. I  am a regular at Rachael's. Today however I made my order the server was extremely rude to me, short and nasty I was very offended that she treated me this way and treated every other customer as gold.. Why did she treat me this way I have no Idea.. Isnt my money as good as the next? Lady quit discriminating and get an attitude check!
5	What an easy breezy adorable little cafe! We have only tried breakfast but will soon return for dinner and happy hour that is 4-6 pm. I would highly recommend this place to any one! PET FRIENDLY on the patio! They even have a water dish out for your fur friends. You can bring the whole family!
4	I eat here over and over again whether it's to go or dining in. The last time I was in my food was fantastic- love their wraps! Only complaint would be a loud noise while eating inside, sounded like a compressor that kept going on. My friend was not completely happy with her arugula/pear salad, she said there were a few leaves that were not all that green. Otherwise the green tea was refreshing, and the service was fast. Cannot get enough of the caesar wrap (and sweet potato fries)!!
2	I went here on Father's Day and the food was terrible. The eggs were so dry, they crumbled and fell apart when I tried to pick them up with my fork. The potatoes were cold and soggy too. The only reason I have them two stars is because I went there a few months ago and the grilled cheese was decent.
5	Sweet and comfortable spot with a nice atmosphere. Their menu has a great selection of healthy options ranging from all-day breakfast to signature dishes and smoothies. The food we ordered was delicious and I would happily return to eat here again. Good place to stop in and enjoy some food, especially on a hot summer day!
5	We love Rachel's!!! Quality food for people that care about their health. Gluten free menu is plentiful with options. They have gluten free pastas. Fresh juices made to order. When we are in Vegas this is a must for us!!! Give them a try.
5	I absolutely love this place. The atmosphere is very fresh and vibrant. The food is amazing. The restaurant itself is very healthy, so you will find healthy and filling meals. They have everything from freshly pressed juices, smoothies, yogurt parfaits, sandwiches, wraps, pastas, breakfast - anything you feel like eating, you can find it here and it will be a healthy alternative! They only use natural and hormone-free chicken breast which I personally love. My favorites on the menu are the 440 sandwich, the fettuccine Alfredo and their salads (can't go wrong with anything you order though.) This place will not disappoint! I will continue to bring friends and family. Service is prompt as well! Even if they are slammed, it doesn't take me more than 15 mins to get my meal. Also, I have to shout out the owner - he is a doll! Stay cool and keep smiling! (Much love from the Costco girl! :)
1	SKIP THIS PLACE. Self serve with a factory taste and a Giant TIP JAR SIGN for no service and robot behavior.
4	This place is good!!! I love restaurants with healthy options and this is one of them. I took one star away because they serve cheap fruit. Melon and a 2 grapes is not really my idea of "A side of fruit" that's pretty much just a side of melon.  My husband lived this place as well and he is pretty picky. After eating here I went across the way to have a Laughing Glass margarita (low calorie with Agave nectar) from whole foods. I wish they carried them at Rachel's kitchen so that I could have one for brunch on Saturdays. P.S. Can't wait to try a burger here. They looked pretty good!!
5	This is the yummiest little spot for vegetarians, vegans, and clean eaters! It's well-priced, fast, and friendly! I shared the acai bowl and a veggie sammie with fresh watermelon juice!The ciabatta bread is one of the best I've had! its so soft and served warm it was delicious so if you're ordering a sammie and you have options for bread id definitely get that!Also, the acai bowl is more filling and substantial than most I've had. It had a lot of berries and granola with the acai so it would make a great little breaky in the morning too.Lastly, the watermelon juice! It's so simple but they do it so well. It's so sweet (but don't worry, no sugar added!) and refreshing. I ordered one large and they split it into two smaller cups and added light ice and it was basically full!Rachel's kitchen is such a pleasant little stop of a quick bite!
5	This place is the bee's knees. The food selection is incredible and I've yet to be disappointed by anything I've ordered. The icing on the cake is that they always have a small, well thought out, selection of craft beers. Happy hour is most days from 4-6 I believe.  Staff is always super friendly and the food comes out quick. The atmosphere is great as well.
4	Vegas is very far behind on the health train, so Rachel's Kitchen is great for the area. My only gripe is the lack of different flavors on the menu, and the price...my egg white omelette with avocado and fresh fruit cost $15. And also, there is no green juice or smoothie on the menu.But negativity aside, healthy places are a necessity around here and Rachel's gets the job done.
5	Have heard about this place for a long time..Fresh delcious and healthy.. normally enjoy a great steak and potatoes when I go out even for lunch..But it was hot and I felt bloated. :) acai. Bowl and shake delcious.
2	it was okay, nothing i would go out of my way for. Food was good but not great.
2	Wow I hope the food is better then the wait...me and my wife ordered 2 things scrambled eggs and French toast... It took well over 20mins...and there was about 7 cooks back there and nobody waiting in front of us...their excuse was they were preparing for some catering event...this allows me to assume that the management sucks...if you have 7 cooks in the kitchen and a ticket comes in as easy as scrambled eggs and French toast... And it takes 20 minutes that means someone is not delegating priority properly...But its a nice place...the host was nice...but I would come back just to see if it happens again...
4	Rachel's Kitchen is a wonderful place for brunch and the menu has something for everyone. As a local, I enjoy this location in Henderson and all of the shopping that surrounds it. Don't forget the happy hour specials for half-priced mimosas!
4	It was my first time trying Rachel's kitchen this month; yum! I got the barbecue wrap and it was delicious! We sat outside and I never knew that the District was so pretty. Great staff and great atmosphere, but I would have to say it was a little over priced. It was pretty expensive for one wrap + fruits and a drink.
5	Rachel's Kitchen is pretty awesome.  It seems to be busy a lot so I figured it would be good, but I generally have always gone to Whole Foods when at the District because I didn't know that Rachel's had gluten-free bread.  We finally tried it and then I realized that they have a really healthy menu.  I love that I can have a sandwich there with no gluten.  They also have sweet potato fries which is great for those who eat paleo.  The food was good, they have a lot of choices and a lot of drinks and teas to chose from.  If you order a water bottle though, order the small one because the big one is like a 2 liter!  They also have TV's there that play sports, so you don't have to talk to your man while you are there, or you can just leave him there while you shop.  Really good though, you won't be disappointed.
5	Every time I come here I have a satisfying and filling meal without feeling guilty or like I just indulged in "restaurant food". Everything is made with great ingredients, isn't greasy, and tastes like something that would really come out of your own kitchen. There's outdoor seating so it's a great place to hang out at the District when the weather is nice, or you can actually grab a beer here too for happy hour if you want to be a little good and bad at the same time while eating your chicken caesar wrap or wheat pasta.  Their green juice is awesome!
5	Long overdue review! I love this place and would definitely come more often if it wasn't around 20 minutes away from me. They have so many healthy, fresh options including burgers, sandwiches, pastas, wraps, salads, juices, smoothies and even breakfast options! Pricing and portion size is also really great. They even offer vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options. Some of my favorites include:Smoked Turkey & Avocado Sandwich: smoked turkey, avocado, Swiss cheese, mixed greens, tomatoes and chipotle mayo. Served with either mixed green salad, french fries, sweet potato fries or onion ringsBBQ Bacon Burger:1/3 lb. of ground beef, bacon, cheddar cheese, BBQ sauce, romaine lettuce and tomatoesGarden's Pasta:Fettuccine with sauteed chicken breast, sun-dried tomatoes, peas and mushrooms with basil pesto cream sauceSignature Pasta: Penne pasta with sauteed chicken breast, eggplant, sun-dried tomatoes, mushrooms with tomato cream sauceI have yet to try any of their salads, wraps or drinks, but will definitely do an update when I do!
2	I don't really care for Rachel's Kitchen. It is simply conveniently located in places that I frequent. I only end up there because of my own laziness to try to go somewhere better which would not be hard. The breakfast potatoes are French fries and the Acai bowl was probably the worst I've ever had. I was tricked into thinking that it would be on par with other bowls I've had. It was not. However, I do like the atmosphere and the immune booster drink is really yummy. I like all of the juice options that they offer! I would not go here on purpose.
