1	Worse than Cans.  And that's saying something!
1	Bar Charlotte is a place where golddiggers go to listen to pop rap and find sugar daddies.  There is a huge dancefloor in the center of the bar with sweaty eighteen year olds bumping and grinding on one another, and half naked girls dancing on bars and tabletops.  I really would not recommend this joint to anyone who has any real taste in music and/or respect for themselves.  The drinks are overpriced, and the girls are underage.  Save your time.
1	In the same (horrible) vein as the next door Have A Nice Day, this place is the definition of 'meat market'.A dark, dimly lit, sweaty joint where oversexed teenagers and college-age kids go to bump and grind to obnoxious rap and house music.For some reason this place is often crowded, and the bathrooms are an exercise in survival, as you either get accosted by drunk or drugged-out people while in line or by the guy in the monkey-suit trying to get you to buy some smell-good or tip him as you're leaving.Horrible way to spend an evening if you like good music, care to be around people who respect themselves, and if you care to have a meaningful conversation with anyone.
1	In my group of friends we affectionaly refer to this place as where all the fat chicks hang. Why they would attract that kind of crowd and keep the bull in there is BEYOND me. If your a chubby chaser you'll love this place!
4	The bar was really fun!  I had never been to a place like this before and didn't know what to expect.  The drinks and music were really good.  My husband and I had a blast and will definitely be back.
4	We were out of town and just wanted a spot to dance and have fun. I would say this place has fairly inexpensive drinks and the atmosphere is really hype!  We went on a Fri night and the cover was $15, which I think is a bit much. The music was mostly hip hop with some top 40s in the mix. The crowd is anywhere from 18-23.
2	Came here twice this weekend. Is it worth the $15 cover on Fridays? Not really. I thought it was a bit too much. If you're into seeing old creepy men looking up your skirt, overpriced drinks, half naked bar girls spanking you with a paddle and acting like a drunk fool on the mechanical bull, well you found a lovely place. The DJ was great though. Nice mix of pop and hip hop music.
3	This is about the only place in charlotte that's under 21 on the weekends. It has a young fairly skanky crowd but if your just looking to dance and go out it will work. It's about double the cover price of most other bars/clubs in charlotte. It has a swing a bull and 2 cages which can give some pretty interesting or alarming views. Not the classiest or most interesting place, but it will do.
2	Wow, I've been here a total of 2 times and both times I've confirmed one thing.  This really isn't somewhere I want to be.  Very young crowd normally in here and I've equated bulls in bars to be something that just doesn't sit well with seeking a more mature crowd.  But I highly doubt the owners of BAR really care because the place does get packed and the youngin's there seem to really love the place.The music they play seems to be a good mix, they go through a cycle of typical club hits and some 70's throwback.
1	If you're a black male don't go to Bar Charlotte, they are racist. I was denied entry on 12/21/12. The door man, said I was denied entry because of my boots.On the website it says that the dress code was no construction boots, which I clearly had on Aldo boots. I am a successful, preppy looking black guy. This has never happened to me before at any other club downtown.I cant believe people are still bigots and its about be 2013 :CC
2	I'll try to be objective here. So disclaimer first, I would prefer a bar with a small dance floor over a large club with seizure inducing strobe lights any day. Yes guys, there are plenty of young girls here. It isn't difficult to find several packs of half-drunk girls to grind on, and if you lack confidence to approach at least the bartenders are gorgeous. This is the perfect place to find someone to take home, and it's so loud you don't have to worry about all the dumb things you say. Truthfully though it's just not my scene. I don't won't to sound pretentious, but this place feels dirty and you will most likely step in vomit or at least spilled beer. As others have said, it's mostly hip-hop, when I was there I rarely heard any house or trance. The crowd definitely trends younger, mostly in their teens or low 20s. I'm 25 and I almost felt too old there. But maybe that says more about me than it does Bar Charlotte. For that reason, I can't give this place less than two stars. Just know what you're getting into, it's your typical teenage get drunk and go nuts kind of club. That could be just what you're looking for. But the $15 cover on a Friday night is steep, and for me it just wasn't worth it.
1	I was banned for life from this bar in the Spring of 2006.
4	When Bar Charlotte turns into a teen dance club it is fun. I enjoy it and my friends enjoy it and are always asking me when it is open again. It is better than Club Karma at Myrtle Beach in my opinion. I like the music. It's not your everyday stuff. It is actual remixes instead of the DJ playing stuff off pandora. At the paint party it smelled like dog in there. Other than that it is a good time.
4	What a freak show! I walked into this place and I thought to my self WTF? All I saw were a bunch of little people and a swing. Lol. The music was great so we decided to go inside for a look. We were visiting from out of town and browsing the down town scene and what a scene this place was. There were a bunch of staff walking around with animal masks and someone in a monkey suit and a bunch of half-naked bar tenders and for the love of me I couldn't figure out why there were so many short people in the place. Not little people but just short people. Oh yeah and the swing in the corner.Well I had a blast. The music was great and the vibe was great. There were quite a few young people and about 3 men who I thought might have been in their 60's but that was ok because it was cool. It was judgment free. The headless bull in the corner was cool too. The girls dancing on the bar were cool too. If I go back to charlotte I will definitely visit this place again. I  don't know why this place is getting such a low rating.
2	The bar itself is good and the servers do a great job but man do the patrons suck! I went once and some guy decided to "make it rain" and started flipping out because dudes were picking up the money. If you're dumb enough to throw a pile of money in to the air you better bet your ass that us broke college kids are going to pick it up! It's also predominantly African American (or at least it was when I went) which is totally fine but some of them looked like gang members. I'm sure I'll get called racist for that but it's the honest truth. I also saw a lot of people getting upset over the dumbest stuff...like getting their shoes stepped on, while standing in the middle of the dance floor! I will say they had a great deal on drinks when I went! $1 for anything!
1	My instinct always told me that I should skip this place. Should have listened. It was just gross; literally and figuratively. I was afraid to see what I was stepping on out on the dance floor. Music was good, drinks were surprisingly decent. But oh, the other club patrons...I appreciate a little adult fun time dancing as much as the next gal, but it was just sleazy.
