4	It's nice to see that not all of the Hi-Healths in the valley are closed, especially this location. It's big and spacious, well stocked and clean, and the employees are very knowledgeable and friendly. I probably had one of the best customer service experiences of my life here. I was running in just to buy a supplement after work. Not being sure where they stored it, and not being in the mood to explore, I walked up to the register in the center of the store and waited behind the customer being helped (Yes, there is a man in the health store not afraid to ask for help). Not even a minute later, a woman who had followed me in asked if I needed help. Turns out she was an employee who hadn't even clocked in yet. I told her what I needed and she grabbed it for me and rang me up. Although I didn't need it, she gave me the rundown on how it worked and what I should and shouldn't do while taking it. The obvious suggestive sells during that pitch were a bit unnecessary, but knowing that she knows her stuff made me feel a lot better about shopping at Hi-health. Hi-Health has always been my choice for supplements and other health needs over GNC. It just always feels like the employees are better, and the stores are always bigger and better stocked. I don't think I've walked into a Hi Health that was out of what I wanted. If you need something to enhance your work out or diet, Hi Health is the store for you.
5	We came in on Saturday 12/14/13 and had the most amazing customer service experience. As soon as we walked in the girl asked if we were looking for anything in particular, she chatted with us about what we were buying, knew prices of stuff without even having to look and made our whole trip to Hi-Health, easy and fun. I know how boring it can get working retail on a Saturday night and while I'm sure there are a million other places she'd rather be, she looked like she truly enjoyed her job.
5	staff was extremely helpful! they also were quick and helpful when it came to getting a discount card/coupons! :)
5	Really awesome customer service! My friend and I walked into looking to be a little healthier and the sales guy was not intimidating at all and very knowledgeable! Buy one and get one half off on some products.
