5	The Mill is fantastic! Great cozy ambience upstairs with guinness on tap. The food is irish-influnced fare; the cheeseburger wrap was phenomenal. This will be a constant stop for me for the very near future.
5	Great little place making the Brevard Courtyard even more fun!  It's open late, with great Guinness.  Uptown Charlotte keeps getting better with gems like this popping up.Tommy and Barry are incredible. The food is really good (great fish and chips, and the buffalo chicken sandwich is fantastic). Mostly though, I just love the atmosphere and friendly people. I have brought lots of friends here, and will definitely continue to do so.
5	When I was handed the Irish breakfast wrap it was like that scene in The Lion King where the mandrill lifts the lion cub up to the sky.  Or like that hospital scene when I was born where they handed me over to my father.  The image I'm trying to conjure up here, people, is that the Irish breakfast wrap is the size and weight of a baby.  It makes a Moe's burrito look like a taquito.  It is a taste of Ireland wrapped into a huge f'ing tortilla.  Upstairs there's Guinness on tap and an abundance of old country accents.  The last thing Charlotte needed was another faux Irish pub, so Barry Leeson & Co. brought the real deal to the coolest area of Uptown.
4	Another great bar in Brevard Courtyard!  The brogues are as plentiful as the Guinness & as previous reviewers said, the breakfast wrap is tasty and no kidding aside, the size of a baby.  Barry has created a wonderful little Irish pub reminiscent of the small corner pubs in Ireland.
4	One of the coolest places I would've never expected to find in Uptown Charlotte. Feel like I stepped off Church St. and into a little corner of the Emerald Isle. Definitely worth a visit. Grab an irish pint in this cozy pub and enjoy some good darts or soccer on the tv.
5	Stumbled upon this great little gem on my way to Hooligan's over the weekend and am I glad I did. Like Todd said, the last thing we needed in town was another cartoonish Irish-themed hellhole. So, when we finally reached the top of the steps, not knowing what the hell we were gonna find, we were very pleasantly surprise to find this little piece of Ireland dead smack in soulless Charlotte downtown area.Nice beer selection but I didn't try the food. Next time for sure. The atmosphere was great and the service incredible.I will definitely be coming back regularly.
5	Good pub fish n chips. Great bar tenders. Nice environment. Love the French Quarter feel.
5	We liked this place so much we ended up two of the three nights we went out in Charlotte. What a sweet spot. Friendly people, good conversation, tasty food and cold beer...what more do you need? Barry was an excellent host, and we had a great time chatting with him and the other patrons of the bar on the couple of quiet nights we were there. The fish and chips are AMAZING, done just the way they should be. I plied myself with cider, and chatted about shared experiences on Cape Cod, MA (what a coincidence), while my partner kept ordering more Guinness. We will surely return next time we're in Charlotte.
5	I travel a lot on business and make it a habit to look for good Irish Pubs. The Belfast Mill is exactly what I was looking for. Good conversation, a Guinness poured right and a great burger.
3	Usually I'm of the opinion that there are far too many Irish pubs around. It seems everyone who decides to open a bar can't come up with anything more creative than Irish pub or sports bar as a theme. But I'm willing to make an exception for the Belfast Mill, if for no other reason than they opted to represent Northern Ireland for a change...if only in name. It will be interesting to see how the presumably republican bars on 5th and Tryon react.* Cue U2's "Sunday Bloody Sunday".After a few trips here I'm wondering how this place stays open (perhaps some help from Big Ben in South End). Every time I've gone my friends and I have been the only people there. I'm not necessarily saying that's a bad thing. If I go out with friends I'm primarily there to talk with them. Meeting new people is welcomed but not necessary for a good time. That being said, the bartender is really nice and a pleasure to talk to; and of course, we never had to wait long for a drink as there was never any competition for his attention.I haven't tried the food here yet so I'll have to reserve judgement. But the bar has a sufficient amount of Irish charm and the drinks are done well. Hopefully this is representative of how the food is done too.  So go here. Have a casual meal and maybe stay for a couple drinks. Just don't be a dick and order an Irish Car Bomb here! Not cool.*Disclaimer: Any reference to "The Troubles" is purely for (admittedly dark) comedic effect. Obviously, Irish pubs in Charlotte don't take sides in decades old sectarian/political disputes in foreign countries.
5	This bar is the perfect little pub getaway from all of the thump thump, loud obnoxious music bars that I often avoid frequenting if you're choosing to drink uptown.  There's not a ton of beer selection but it's all good because they have some great Irish brews (Murphy's was tasty and I was told this was the only bar in Charlotte to serve it).  The clincher to me was the bartender, Fergal.  That dude is AWESOME!  Beyond having a fun personality, taking good care of us, and being the funniest dude I've ever seen to dispense of patrons who got unruly, he even joined us in a little bit of darts after hours.  This place totally made our "adventure night" end on a high note!!
5	This place is no hipster run of the mill Irish named bar.  It is the real deal, unpretentious, authentic and cool.  A place to go and talk to the barkeep (who is part owner of the place - Bill was a cool chap), play some darts, and drink plenty of pints of Guinness.  The bar may be hard to find, but be brave and head upstairs and find the cozy confines and welcoming atmosphere.  You will leave happy and meet some new friends.
5	Great Food, had the Blackened chicken wrap was amazing.
5	I went to a tailgate this weekend that was in partnership with Belfast and I have to say I'm excited I found this spot. The bartenders here are more than just nice, they make it feel like you stepped into a Friend's house.  Specials are awesome, mood is great, you can actually see people because their lights aren't cast to low. Go upstairs and enjoy the tucked away part of the bar and you'll find a nice low key spot perfect for meet up after work or staying the whole evening and shooting darts. High Five Belfast you're awesome!
4	This place is located in the historic Latta Arcade in Uptown.  One of the few historic areas the developers didn't bulldoze down in Charlotte.  The Belfast Mill is small Irish pub.  Maybe two tables outside of the bar to sit at.  Not a place to take a large group of coworkers.Love the historic building and the ambience of this place.  I have seen the word "authentic" used in other reviews and I would agree.The menu is classic pub food.  Burgers, sandwiches, fish and chips, etc.  The food is cooked across the alley at another business.  Its okay.  Nothing memorable.  Of course we were there for the beer so I'm not going to ding them on the food.
5	Oh wow! This place surprised me. I managed to end up here during a Panthers game. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the atmosphere. It is small, old, creaky, a little rundown- EXACTLY what I was looking for. Charlotte needs more of these little hole in the wall places. There is a lot of character, plenty of TVs and a good beer selection. This is the sort of place you go to when you want to watch a game and feel the energy of being around a group of people rooting for the same team.
5	Awesome experience here. The irish breakfast is incredible in the late hours of the night
3	As a bar, this place is small with a relaxed atmosphere, and the bartender when we were there (on a weekday just before a Knights game) was very friendly and attentive. When I saw the 4.5 star rating and people raving about the Irish breakfast burrito, I was pretty stoked about it, not just for beer but for food as well. But be warned: their food is not their own food, nor is it authentic Irish in any sense. Nefelie's, a pretty wretched Greek restaurant across the alley, makes their food apparently. I had had a bad experience at Nefelie's before, but with no time for plan B before the game, got food anyway. If you're hoping for authentic Irish food (and in other reviews folks were raving about the authenticity of the place) I'm not sure you can find it here. Their "fish and chips" was closer to "fried fish and French fries," but in a really unremarkable, not authentically Irish way. I'd definitely give Belfast Mill 4-5 stars AS A BAR (it's very relaxed and is refreshingly not pretentious in what is the most pretentious part of Charlotte north of Ballantayne), but I'm giving it 3 stars because I'm just that disappointed in the crappy fish. Or did I miss something? Where oh where was the Irish breakfast burrito?!
4	Man, do I love a little dive bar like The Belfast Mill.This has become a new favorite spot to grab drinks. I credit the Knights stadium for introducing me to this. My group of friends meets here for drinks before the ballgames. I'll definitely be hitting this up before Panthers games as well. GO PANTHERS! Rarrrrrrrrr.Yes, the bathrooms are small. The bar is old. It doesn't hold a ton of people. You know what it is? Real, authentic and absolutely welcoming. There are always great specials. A lot of beers on tap. The bartenders are friendly. The Belfast Mill Facebook page takes the time to wish people happy birthday. I love that.Happy first day of football in Charlotte. Preseason is better than no season. Belfast Mill, see you in a few hours.
4	Nice place! Not a bad beer selection and they are working hard to start up a dart league!
5	Sunday night after panthers game. Grabbin a quick bite to eat.  Was headed to picassos for the jerk wings and sadly picassos is no longer a charlotte staple.   Blueberry chipotle wings at the next open door is the result.    Service good.  Atmosphere cool stuff and food pretty damn good.Good choice for pre or post game.   Cheers!
5	A brilliant Irish spot that's a bit hidden, but worth the discoverin'!   Latta Arcade-where this pub is- is cool.The Guinness is brilliant. The owners are Irish, and good people-as you would expect!    Perfect pre-game or post-game pints for Panthers and Knights games.   Also the whole Latta Arcade alley is one of the only old spots left in this "New South" city. Well done lads!
5	I'm not sure how I've missed this place over the years. I've been to Hooligans a few mornings to watch Liverpool games but I've always passed by. Last Sunday me and a friend were looking for a change in scenery to have a drink and decided to go to Belfast Mill. It was a great decision and I think it will be my go to spot when I'm Uptown from now on. The beer selection was great although they could use maybe one or two more local choices. Murphy's was also a great choice of another Irish beer other than Guiness. I didn't try the food yet but I don't think it would sway my opinion in any way even if it were subpar. It's not like I would be going here for dinner or anything.
