5	This is probably the most unique you're going to get in the sprawling affluent suburbia of Ahwatukee. This little coffee and sandwhich shop is on the corner of 48th and Chandler Blvd, in an unassuming strip mall. the owners are associated with Tilt Gallery in downtown Phx, and they're trying to bring some semblance of an art community to this relatively uninspired culdesac of a village.they often offer live music fridays, open mic night (with actually really good artists) and always have an exhibit on display, usually photography, but not only.they have sandwiches, wraps and of course coffee. if you're in the area, skip the starbuck's that's right across the street and put your money where it does some good - a place that supports local art and artists!
5	actually found this amazing coffee shop by accident one day.  It is tucked away in a shopping complex, next door to Hooters and behind the waffle house on Chandler Blvd and 48th Street.  They offer free wireless internet, great coffee, and the staff is wonderful.  Dimetri, the owner, plays for the Phoenix Symphony and often you will find him playing his violin, usually on the weekends when I am there.  He has some great coffee to drink, and the staff seems to be educated on what to serve.  They seem to have food there of some sort, but I don't eat when I am there.  If I do, I stick with the bagels and the veggie cream cheese.I would also like to state that this location is now holding Chess games every tuesday.  They are doing more and more events during normal business hours and after hours as well.  Please check thier website and with the staff for further info.
4	my husband and I would frequent this place in the mornings before work and order a couple of drinks and get their tasty breakfast sandwich. we haven't been here in while as we don't have as much time in the mornings.The owners are really nice and they do good things for the art community.
5	The owner  is a member of the Phoenix Symphony.     He has met so many interesting people.   When you go in, make it a point to talk to him.    A unique neighborhood stop.  Not the drive thru Starbuck's experience.   Free WIFI.
1	OK, so I go in thinking I'll have a lite breakfast and a little something to drink. Cute place. I see the chalkboard special , it sounds good and was named after me. I decided to order the special and an Iced Dirty Chai Soy Latte. I am told they are out of some of the ingredients for the breakfast sandwich I wanted.........REALLY? Than why the Hell is it still on the chalkboard??? I just stick with the drink then, I watch her make it with a few pumps of the chai syrup? a whole damn lot of vanilla soy milk and a shot of espresso. I'm glad i passed on the food because after handling my money she proceeded to chop up tomatoes for previous customers order with unwashed bare hands, dirty fingernails and chipped polish to boot! Quite disgustingly unsanitary if you ask me As for my drink ..........to be perfectly honest, and you know I am..........I had a few sips and threw it away, $5 down the drain! There was absolutely no hint of chai to be tasted, it was extremely thick with a weird taste and their crushed/shaved ice does not do iced drinks any favors, unless maybe its water. I'm sorry, but for a place who copied the Starbucks logo into a spoof to put it down better hope they blow the doors off of them, and they DON'T!
4	This is a cute little place. I needed a lunch time sanctuary I could grab a bite to eat, a coffee and get my facebook fix since I work at one of the few company's who are still internet nazi's. I just had a bagel but the guy there was really nice and it was a cozy. I might try to find something closer to my work for future lunch breaks but this isn't a bad place at all.
5	Really good first experience, the americano I had was decent, as good as I'd expect from any similar establishment.The real motivation behind the 5 stars was the service, I am on vacation in the area from WI and had a really good conversation with the waitress concerning things to do in the area related to the local art scene. They also had a small exhibit from a local artist which was a refreshing change of pace from what I'm used to seeing. It's got a lot of what I look for in a coffee house, not just coffee in coffee out, i'm likely to return before my stay is up.P.S. I ended up returning since I drafted this review, and the waitress remembered who I was and even asked me how my trip went!  Thats a nice feeling
1	Headline: Service killed the experience.I'm a coffee person.  I love coffee.  I love independent coffee houses.  So how does a coffee place get just 1 star?  One word - service.We turned into the parking lot about ten minutes before the store closed.  I guess that could explain the surly nature of the barrista?  The milk had that slight taste of soy in it - causing me to wonder "hmmm - I didn't order a soy version of the latte.  What gives?"  I suspect that he didn't rinse out the jug.  The styrofoam cups were a definite turn-off.  The tables and chairs had all been pushed to the side.  This guy was just making sure he could lock up and leave right at closing time, rather than ensuring the coffee shop had - ya know - BUZZ.Seriously - if you want a coffee, go to Starbucks, or even Dunkin Donuts (just round the corner from this place) - this place is a definite pass.
