4	Tammy at Drive Through amazes me.  Must know 1,000 voices.  Remembers everyone's morning order!  BUSY
4	Love, Love, Love Starbucks and this one is so convenient to my work. I have to limit my habit because it is an expensive one at almost $5.50 a pop. They are always friendly at the drive through "except" for one person who works there. I don't think she i a morning person or something but other than her the rest are awesome.
3	Apparently no one in Ballantyne has anything to do besides go to this Starbucks.  Yes, I am aware of the irony of including that statement, since this review indicates that I go to this Starbucks as well, but at least I don't block the entire traffic circle when then line gets long.  You can park and go inside, people.Anyways, this review is about this Starbucks, not its customers, although they could put up some signage to indicate that customers shouldn't spill out into the road when the drive-through line is lengthy.  It's just a Starbucks, but it's a good one.  The coffee is unexciting but reliable, and the staff are friendly, quick, and accurate.  Therefore, this location is A-OK by me.
4	Friday morning....and I needed my coffee fix! So of course off to Starbucks I ran...This place is always super busy but worth the wait!!! The staff is very knowledgeable and often make great suggestions....and they have samples of the newest drinks!Today I got my regular a grande carmel macchiato...and as always it was prepared just like I ordered and delicious!~
3	Strangest drive-thru situation I've ever seen.. But I just can't bring myself to drive thru for a Starbucks coffee anyway! I frequently meet clients here for coffee. It's quiet and sunny, and plenty of plug-in areas for laptops. Everything you expect from a Starbucks experience. This store is one of the smaller Starbucks stores in the area, but that's just fine with me! The baristas are friendly, the coffee and tea are on target, and the clientele is mostly made up of fellow professionals (and students, I'll guess) like me. So not too many mommy meet-ups with strollers and little ones in the middle of the work day (definitely don't intend to offend mommies out there, I'm one too! Just nice to have a quiet place to work from time to time away from my office). : D
3	The drive-thru was quick. The service was polite, My Pike Place roast had some grounds in it. Darn.
2	Went through the drive-thru, it was quick.  Ordered Green Tea frappuccino, after enjoying it I started to get plastic pieces in it (like ripped pieces from a plastic bag).  Ignored the first piece, but kept getting more as I continued to drink my frapp, eventually tossing the rest in the trash.  Reading from other posts, this doesn't appear to be an isolated incident of finding things in the drinks.  Likely to go to another Starbucks before this one again.
2	I would love for this location to be more consistent but my order is only correct half of the time. The drive thru line is quick, typically. Even with 6+ cars. I enjoy iced coffee but the brew they use here seems to be either too weak or so strong it's nearly in-drinkable. Maybe it's the volume they do, this place is always packed.
1	I love Starbucks, but I will never go to this location again.... I have been to this Starbucks four times in the past several months and each time they have made my drink wrong. Today for example they completely forgot to put the pumpkin spice syrup in my pumpkin spice latte, and I drove to another Starbucks to have it remade.
3	First off, if you're going here in the morning you're probably better off walking over then trying to drive.  The drive-thru line will wrap around the back and through the traffic circle blocking traffic to the rest of the businesses.The people here are pretty nice but I've had my order messed up twice this week so far.  It also takes quite awhile to get your order, I just got a shaken green tea today and two people in front of me, it still took 10 minutes to get the initial drink and another 5-7 to get it remade.I'm giving them 3 stars because I usually have decent but not great service, this week is definitely in the 1-2 range.  Having nice people is great but I just want to get my drink order and go.
2	This particular SB is the weakest in the area.  The space is small and during winter it is freezing as every time someone enters they bring the outside climate in with them. There's also a small group of loud obnoxious old guys who dominate the soft chairs every morning doing their crosswords  and screaming about inane facts and new stories.
2	This Starbucks can't handle both drive tru and walk in. It takes always about 20 mins to get your coffee in or out of the place.They should close the drive tru especially considering the spill over is in the round about which is really not safe.The staff is really nice, and the coffee is good. It's just too small.
5	My favorite Starbucks in Charlotte! They never mess up my order and for some reason the coffee just tastes better from this location. The baristas are always super friendly as well.
5	My favorite Starbucks. Lots of regulars. Good service. Sometimes have to wait a little but pretty good overall. Pretty consistent with the taste of drinks.
1	Consistently the slowest service you will find at any Starbucks.  They have a drive through and are located in a high-volume area in Ballantyne, however you will routinely see 5-6 people behind the counter yet they can't service their customers in a reasonable amount of time.  Unfortunately, it is the only one in this area so they do have a captive audience being held for ransom.  If you have the time, keep driving either direction on I485 and go to the next exit where you will find a more competent staff.
2	Today was just one of the many poor experiences at this location.  In the 20+ times we've visited this store more than 50% have resulted in an incorrect order of some kind.  Even when our orders are correct they take far longer than should be acceptable.  The store seems very poorly run, and highly disorganized.  Unfortunately, it's convenient location makes it a regular stop for us.  It's sad that the Target and Harris Teeter locations provide superior service.
5	There are many negative (likely exaggerated) reviews here of this Starbucks.  I typically stop here 2x a week.   I've never had a problem with my order.  The parking lot can be jammed during the morning rush, I can't ever having a complaint about the speed of service one inside the store.  There are plenty of other options (including an Einstein Bagel nearby and a in-store Starbucks aross the street) if you are not happy with this store.
1	I've been to this Starbucks before and it is always a little slow but the coffee is wonderful...however I've been sitting in the drive thru for now 20mins..don't come here if ur on break from work..really ridiculous!
3	The folks working here are all very nice, but this is the fourth or fifth time I've come through the drive-through here and it is SLOW! The last time I decided not to wait in the drive-through line and went inside, again the folks are really really nice! But the service is just really slow at this location.  If I am headed to work and want to go through a drive-through, I try to zip over to the Pineville location near the mall because they are on it!
5	I've been here countless times (well, no, you could count) because it's right near my job. There is always a line because the plaza is poorly designed with minimal parking; the line of cars often spills over into the flow of traffic. That's not SBUX's fault though. The staff is great--especially CLAUDIA. They're really courteous and always get my drink order correct. They've had some turnover in recent months, but at least the hiring manager consistently hires good people.
3	This is definitely not one of my favorite Starbucks locations. I usually stop in at least twice a week in the mornings between 7A - 9A. The staff is ok, but don't expect exceptional service here and always check your orders. The drive through line can sometimes be backed up with 10-12 cars, but it generally moves pretty fast.Bottom line, if you have to have your Starbucks in the morning, go ahead and stop in, just check your order before you leave to ensure it is correct and you are disappointed.
