1	Ya know....when Las Vegas centralized the rental car companies into one location and had only one set of buses going to the same place, my first impression was that WOW, finally one of Budget's biggest weakness, not frequent enough buses, will finally be solved like it has in Baltimore..........WRONG.    Budget in true form, snatches defeat from the jaws of victory.    So what they do now is have all the FastBreak customers go directly to the garage.   So far so good......until you find out that you have to check in with the attendant to get a car and keys.   WTF?    The purpose of FastBreak was to avoid this step.   Instead you have a line of people waiting for 15 min and only one person getting the cars dispensed.   The lines inside the regular counter were much shorter.My advice to FastBreakers, if after you get off the bus and see a short line in the regular Budget counter......take it because there is no guarantee there won't be a longer line awaiting you.Somehow I wish Budget stockholders would take note of these criticisms and try to improve the company.   At this rate, they will be renting themselves out of business.One star for being such an incompetent company.
3	I usually hate rental car places and this was no exception.  The constant upselling is insane.  Imagine my dismay when after returning my car after 2 days, 1 hr, they try to charge me $34, or MORE than a single day's rental fee.  And then they try to charge me a $15 refueling fee even though the tank was full because I went more than 75 miles and didn't have a receipt (I forgot to print it out).  Screw you guys, I'm going home.After speaking to the manager in the kiosk, it was all fixed and over $40 was removed from the bill.  Thanks for doing an honest job and not screwing me over.   It was only a stinking Dodge Caliber anyhow!
1	I just rented a car from Budget, and haven't returned it yet, so I may revise this after finishing my experience.But so far, not so good.  The positive was that all of Vegas airports car rental places are consolidated with a VERY speedy shuttle that picks you up outside the terminal and whisks you to this massive building.  From there, you walk up to the counter for your rental place.The line for every other rental company was 0-2 people deep.  Budget, on the other hand, had 12 people in line.  I was in line for -- not exaggerating -- 30 minutes to get my car!  I even registered online a week ago, but didn't find out about FastBreak; I wish I would have.Once finally at the counter (when I looked behind me, the line was nearly twice as long as when I got there), the employee was a typical drone with a dry personality.  He did the pressured upsell on insurance, and wanted me to pay an extra $35/day for all this insurance.  (The car itself was only $30/day.)Keep in mind also that your advertised rate for the car is only part of the price.  If your car is $30/day, you pay taxes and charges of an extra $12.  Then you add insurance on top of that, which is a required $12/day minimum.  So you're out of there paying nearly double your actual price.  Plus gas.The car I got had many scratches on the exterior and the inside fabric was stained, torn in a few places, and even had a cigarette burn.  I requested an Economy car with high MPG (because I was travelling about 400 miles).  They were out, and gave me something that only gets 22 MPG.  They considered it an upgrade, but I certainly did not.Based on this experience, and compared to the great experience I've had with other rental companies, I would never, ever, ever use Budget again.
1	Where to begin? When I first rented my car, the guy behind the desk was awesome! He was very friendly and even adjusted a price so that the price he was putting on my credit card would be under my maximum daily charge. Andy, a gentleman in the office who helped me with all the extensions that I needed on my contract was extremely helpful as well. That's where the good ended.I needed the rental because I just relocated to the area and could not get a car loan until I got a job. I had no idea how long I would need it so I rented a week at a time. The first time I tried to extend my contract, I called the 800 number on the paperwork and was put on hold for over an hour waiting for a customer service rep. I had to hang up to go to work. I called the next day and was on hold for a half hour. The following day I received a call from, Andy, who helped me extend my contract and gave me his direct line for future extensions. Of course they charged me for the 3 days at $35/day. I extended again with Andy and no problems. The 3rd time, I called and left Andy a message and asked him to call me if there were any questions or problems with my extension. I received no phone call. In fact I didn't hear from anybody for over a week. I got a call but didn't get the message until late in the evening. A day later i got in a car accident at 2:30 am. A friend picked me up and then took me back to the car in the morning to get all my belongings out of it because I had no idea what was to happen to the car. Soon after I got a call from a repo guy telling me that my car was 10 days late. I told him there wasn't any way but I was planning on coming into the location anyway (so that I could report the accident). I called my insurance company to file a claim because I had waived the insurance and wanted to find out what I needed to do with the car before I got ripped off with tow charges and what not from Budget. I got to Budget at 12:30 and waited in line for over an hour. Got to the front of the line and was told that not only was the car 10 days late, which it should have only been 3 because of the holiday, but also that they were called by a security company where the car was parked and since I didn't call them first to report the accident that they considered the car abandoned. I had just been at the car 2 hours before, how did I abandon it? I told the woman that was why I was at the location, to report it. Then the woman, who obviously had no customer service training, told me that the insurance was voided since I did not have the car back on time. Remember I waived the insurance. I come to find out that the entire 24 days that I had the car, they had been charging me for insurance that I didn't even need or want. As the conversation went on, the woman told me that she doubted that I called Andy to extend my contract and he was on Medical leave so they couldn't verify with him that I did, but also that because she was not present when the representative went over the original paperwork, she had no proof that I waived the insurance so there was nothing she could do. Budget cleaned out my bank account during all of this, charging over $600 more than they should have and I have to wait 2 more days to even speak with a manager to start getting this straightened out. Wish me luck!
1	First of all we get there and the car that I had reserved was not available so they gave me a smaller car at the same price. The we get in the car and it smells like a cigarette and the wheels are making funny noises. When returning the car the guy checking us in tried to blame it on us, saying we should of had a form that had this damage on it, no one came out with us to overlook the car, thank goodness for the woman at the counter at the Gold Nugget she took care of the problem. I called corporate and they gave me a $25 voucher, and told me that the Las Vegas airport office is not a corporate office. All and all terrible experience and would not recommend it.
1	Brutally scammed!  I went to Vegas for a mens softball tournament, and there were 10 of us.  We reserved 2 full sized sedans, and the seemingly helpful person at the counter advised us that we could get a huge van that seats 12 for the same combined cost of the 2 sedans.  It took us all of about 10 seconds to agree to switching to the van, and throughout our stay kept commenting on how the guy at the counter helped save us from being crammed in 2 cars.   Everything was good, until I dropped off my friends at the airport and drove back to Budget to return the car.... They added a $150 upgrade fee.  I advised the lady behind the counter we were specifically told that the cost of the Van would be equal to the cost of the 2 sedans.  The canned response was that the charge was the same, but there is an upgrade fee charged to do it.  I immediately asked for the manager and was told "He's not in, but I can give you his business card".  I nicely asked for that upgrade fee to be removed, advising again we were never told of it and if we were never would have agreed to the change, and finally advised that all the guys that went in on the rental with me were gone and I didn't want to be stuck with this ridiculous fee.   I was told to contact the manager with my dispute, but of course the charges would all be put on my card.I felt like my only choices were to allow myself to become a victim so I don't miss my flight, or stay and wait for the manager to get my refund which I probably wouldn't get, and would still miss my flight.  I took the flight, and must have left about 10 voicemails with the manager with no response.  It became increasingly clear they run this scam knowing once you have left on your plane, there is virtually nothing you can do.  They are the disgrace of an already disgraceful industry.  Thanks for taking my $150.
1	Wow, can you get screwed by a company any more?1. We reserved a car a couple of weeks ahead of time.  My gf is a "Budget-Fast Break" premium member.  This means pick up should be super easy.Nope.  Budget F'd that up.  One, they wouldn't accept our reservation because we wanted to the rental to be on my credit card and not my gf's.  WTF?  Hence, we went downstairs to get a car and they sent us back upstairs to WAIT 30 MINUTES IN LINE, because the lady downstairs didn't know how to change the credit card listing.2. They charged us at a completely different rate than what we reserved.3. They charged us to completely refill the tank ($~30), when we only drove 67 miles (2 gallons maybe?).  Turns out, in talking to them later, there is a $25 PENALTY for driving less than 75 miles.4. Somehow there was at least a 100% markup on all sorts of various charges.  What should have been a $100-150 charge was dropped on us as a surprising $300, right as we needed to get to the airport for our flight out of town. There's no way a $34/day car for 3 days (for a total of $102) should come out to a $300 charge.5. From the beginning we told them we would use that car for 54 hours.  They charged us for 3 complete days usage (ie 72 hours), even though we told them we would return after 53 hours.6. Their maps did NOT give the address of the return facility.  We had a GPS device, but Budget's current return facility is NOT listed and the paperwork they gave me when I rented the car did NOT list the return facility address.I've never had an experience where a company tried to screw its valued "premium" customers so much.
3	After three full days in Vegas, me and my husband wanted to rent a car and check out the desert (I had never been before). I checked out rental car places online before we left, and ended up reserving a car at this Budget location as it was directly across the street from our hotel, The Orleans. There was nobody in line ahead of us, so we got to see someone right away. The man at the desk was extremely friendly and positive. Service was a bit slow for a car rental place - about 20 minutes from the time we walked in until we got into the car - but he did seem like he could have been new. It didn't bother me, as we were just renting the car for a leisurely day, and we showed up an hour early to pick up the car anyways. Car was in great condition, no problems there. We got a GPS as well, and it worked fine. We returned it to the airport location. We didn't realize the rental returns are actually in another building about 5 minutes away from the airport, but once we figured that out we were fine. There is a shuttle constantly running taking people to the terminal.
1	this plays does not even deserved one star.The customer service representative behind the counter, some Mexican POS, tried to present me with the rental contract for a truck and every time he would come up with the contract it was an overinflated different price. Finally I called him on his BS after he tried to tell me insurance for the truck was mandatory after I read on the contract it clearly states "loss damage waiver is not mandatory". while I was there there were clearly several irate customers. this is apparently their MO.All I can say is if you can range a truck elsewhere , run run run as fast as you can.Steer clear from these shysters. You  have been warned!! Oh and on even tried to call them  you'll be put on hold 4 ever and they will give you  the run around.
1	This place sucks. They over booked my truck and I ended up paying triple. It took at least an hour and a half to even get out of the place. Always go uhaul.
1	The knuckle draggers working in the lot itself failed to meet even the most modest expectations. Apparently there is a don't talk to the customers rule in place. You are just supposed to guess if this is your car at pickup time and guess again if they are done with the  paperwork on the return.
4	This was one of the few places that was open on Sundays.After comparing ALL of the car rental places, budget had the best prices.  The service was good - friendly workers.  One guy in front of me was giving the woman a bunch of crap and she handled it well - I would have told the guy to stick it!I reserved the car on-line and it was ready when I got there.  It was a little dirty when I went to inspect and the guy went and washed it real quick.  Only Caveat - if you drop off at night.  You drop your keys in the overnight drop, but the car has to be parked out on the street at your risk.  This place should offer some type of secure overnight drop off.
1	this is the worst business in las vegas.  if you are smart, you will go elsewhere.  if you think you made a reservation for a truck, then think again.   we reserved a truck, and when we arrived, they told us that they did not have a truck for me or for  many additional customers.  the amazing thing: there were more than a dozen suitable trucks in the parking lot, but they had, off the cuff, designated those for purely local rentals.  again, don't even think about giving your business here.  they are the worst.
3	Rented the car through Costco Travel website with a good rate.  Got in Vegas around midnight to the rental car center.  One person was working the counter with about 5 groups in front of us.  Waited about 10 minutes and the line did not move at all.  Then one more employee came out to help.  The rep was friendly and apologized for the wait.  Got my printed reservation and ask if the free upgrade was any good.  The rep replied that he would give us the free upgrade if they have one available.  Okay, no problem there.  If he said there is none, fine.  Did not want to argue about what's being said on my print out reservation.  It did say "Save up to 20% (or was it 30%) off and a free upgrade".  He say we could either get a Nissan Cube or a Chevrolet Aveo(?) .  Got the Nissan Cube.  The rep went through the same speech as other rental companies about insurance, fuel charges, and etc..  Told him we got our own insurance and we will bring the car back with the full tank, like we always do.  You know they will charge you more to fill it up for you.  He did not give us any pressure.  The rep told us the stall number where the car will be.  No employee in sight at the lot.  Found the car where it suppose to be.  The Cube looks new.  We made sure there is no damage on the car before we drove off the lot.  Did noted there were some minor scratches on the side.  There was an employee by the exit, handed him the paper and off we went.  No problems during the rental period which was 4 days.  Returning the car was quick.  The guy checked the car and fuel, which was full, and printed out a receipt.  That's when I noticed the amount was different from the rental agreement.  They charged me an extra $13.99 for fuel.  I asked the guy why the fuel charge when I return the car full tank and he says to take the receipt to the counter and they can explain there without even looking at the receipt.  There were no one behind us.  Not like he was too busy or anything.  Fine, I will talk to the rental people at the counter.  I did not wait in line.  There were about 6 -7 people in line.  I wait on the side and just so happen it was the same guy that rented us the car.  I walked up to him when he was done helping someone and point out the extra charge.  He was friendly but told me that the charge was because we drove less than 75 miles so Budget changes that $13.99 fuel charge.  What?  That's NOT what the agreement says.  I double, triple checked it and here's what it says "Please return the vehicle with the same fuel level as you received it.  If you do not, additional fuel fees may apply:  000-074 MIs equals a 13.99  flat rate fee.  075 MIs and above equals .2959 per MI or 7.990 per Gal."  As you can see, the charge apply ONLY if you return the car below full tank.  I did not make a fuss since the guy was being pleasant and apologetic.  Still it makes me wonder.  We already said we will return the car full tank during the rental process at the counter and we still got charged extra fee.  Is it an honest mistake or something else?  How many of these mistakes have taken place and how many people checked their receipt after returning the car?The 3 stars is because the guy at the counter was friendly or else it would have been a 2 star.
5	Our experience here was mind bending!  Our pickup Van Driver was nice, and extremely informative about Vegas. Rosaria  (the gal managing the counter) was efficient, good humored, and gave the hook-up when the class of car we wanted wasn't available. The Cat who did the vehicle check was humorous and put real effort into finding dings, grabbed our luggage and put it into the trunk before we had a chance to do it ourselves, and emphasized more than once how much he wanted us to enjoy ourselves... This is the kind of service I expect to see at a 5 Star Resort, not an Airport Hire-a-Car place.
1	If a customer rent a car and went into a store and comes out only to find the car is missing and having found out that the car has been towed away.  After being stranded for almost six (6) hours because of their screw up only to find out, and get this, the company called the tow truck company to have that car towed away.  What company will have their own car towed away like that and leaving customer stranded until finally they send someone.  Remind me not to go to them
1	We rent from here because its close but it's a hassle one way or another every time. They usually try to over change you. When you turn a car or or pick one up you will wait for 10-15 minutes while you watch the lot crew standing around smoking or talking. Manager of the store retires to butt in in every transaction while he handles his own customer. Of t wasn't a block away is go somewhere else.
3	Not sure about everyone else but I've always had a semi decent checkout time when I rent from here. Trust me I know about rental cars, usually rent 2-3 weeks at a time for work! My advice is give yourselves some time, sign up for fast break program and watch out for extra charges.
