3	There's no denying that Edinburgh city centre has way more than it's fair share of shops selling pashminas, jewellery, sunglasses and the like. But this place is  bit quirky - think of a mix between AppleJack and Accessorize and you're about right.They have a great selection of more mainstream things, like earrings, bracelets, cuffs and belts, and their pashmina selection is almost good enough to rival nearby Lookah (but not quite!). But in the same tiny little shop you'll also find the weirdest range of harem pants, tie-dyed bags and clothes, as well as the down right weird: when I was in ther today they were selling conctact lenses, not just in all sorts of weird colours but also weird patterns.So next time you find yourself in need of a pair of leopard-print contacts, this should be your first port of call...!
2	Yekta looks like a stall at a music festival. It's full of outlandish sunglasses, florescent gloves and hats. There's a selection of scarves, crocheted bags and big knitted hippy jumpers. It all reminds me of festival season and makes me want to dance to music in a field a bit.But this shop isn't in a field - it's on a high street. It's very affordable, full of a random assortment of jewellery and tie-dye clothing, and it might float someone's boat. It doesn't float mine, and I'm giving it a poor rating because I find a lot of the stock to be tacky. But that's not a particular reflection of the erratic choice you find in here, because its attempt at wacky will appeal to some. Customer service and price is good. But I can't get by how much it's like festival outlet meets the down end of Camden market.
2	This small shop recently had a refurbishment but  the sort of tacky accessories, ideal for a festival, a rave or a dress-up party are still the same.It's a bit of a random selection of stuff and don't expect stuff to last more than really a night or two. I like the pashmina selection- quite affordable, but really not the type of store to write home about as their seem to be a lot of similar little shops about.
