5	This is the newest location for Valley Women for Women. The lobby is beautiful and they have an on-site lab.Going to my yearly exam is never my favorite thing to do, but we do what we have to right? I have been seeing Dr. Belisle for years. She is absolutely fantastic. She always remembers me and never rushes through the exam. The main reason I would never go anywhere else.... Dr. Belisle saved my mothers life. I could never thank her enough. My mom was having some problems and other doctors just dismissed them as nothing. Dr. Belisle took it a step further and found my moms cancer. Without this diagnosis I know my mother's disease would have become life threatening. My mom has been cancer free for 5 years and it is all due to the diligence and medical skills of Dr. Denise Belisle. I will forever be in her debts!
5	It was a sigh of relief when I walked in to the lobby  .I had just had a horrible experiance at another practice and made the change to Valley Women for Women . The staff was extreamly kind ! I had brought a book because I was expecting a long wait but I didn't even have time to sit down before they called my name. The nurse I saw, Kellea Danuser, was so understanding and I felt extremely comfortable being under her care ! I am so glad I made the change !!! Valley Women for Women really care about their paitents !!!! I want to thank all of the staff for the great care they provided!!!!
1	After arranging child care for my toddler, and fighting 25 miles of rush hour traffic, I arrived on time for my 5pm appointment at their new office. I completed the paperwork, and they called me up to the front desk and informed me that they would not be able to see me because (despite having been seen by them before) they consider me to be a new patient. New patients are required to arrive to their appointments 30 minutes ahead of time to fill out the new patient paperwork (which I was holding, and had already completed in the 5 minutes it took them to decide that they wouldn't see me.) They acknowledged that THEY made a mistake when scheduling me, and that THEY should have informed me that they would be considering me a new patient... However THEY were not willing to be inconvenienced for THEIR mistake. They wanted ME to reschedule, arrange child care again, and drive 25 miles to their office again. Frankly, if they are too incompetent to schedule an appointment, I really don't want to trust them with my healthcare.
1	Unfortunately I had a horrible experience with VWFW four years ago.  By horrible, I don't mean that we had to wait a long time for an appointment, or that I had to see a different doctor - if not a PA at almost every appointment, or that they herd pregnant women into the place like cattle and are all about the profit and care comes second... all of those things are true, but the experience I had was actually life-changing.  I had a disease at the end of my pregnancy that definitely should have been caught, but they kept pushing me off like the complaining pregnant lady and telling me I had a virus.  Their neglegence almost cost my life and the life of my son (now four years old).  I spent two weeks in ICU in a coma after delivering my son via emergency c-section followed by a secondary surgery - all because I had a liver disorder that went undiagnosed by my doctors.  Many of the current doctors were not with the practice at that time, but I don't think a larger practice means better care by any means, in fact I've experienced quite the opposite.  I know there are tons of women who have had great experiences with VWFW - but given the extent of my circumstances, I can't not respond and give feedback whenever I hear about someone considering them.  I'm having a scheduled c-section with my second child on the 5th of September.  I've seen the same caring MD (something I sought after the DO's failed me) for every single appointment including pre-conception.  She takes as much time as I need, is very cautious, and I can always get in to see her if I need to.  I will not advertise for her here - but I encourage anyone considering VWFW to run the other way.
2	First impressions begin on the phone.  I was new to the practice.  I had lots of questions.  The couple people I spoke with answered my questions and set the appointment.  3 stars for you!My visit with the Doc was good.  She was very helpful and listened. 3 stars for you.  (I do not need to know about any personal cell calls you receive, this is my time with you.)Then I receive a phone call just minutes before closing from the office saying they had results for me.  I missed the call and responded immediately. Much disappointment when the answering service came on to say the office was closed for the day.  It is Friday. Most people want to know their test results. PLEASE do not call and then not allow us to call back the same day.  You might call patients at an earlier time giving them a chance to speak to you the same day.  Would you like to wait over the weekend for results?
2	I saw VWFW at the Val Vista location throughout my pregnancy with my daughter in 08/09. At first I LOVED them. They did tons of ultrasounds (one at my 6 week appointment, one at my 12 week appointment, one at 18 weeks and they also did one at 28 weeks) compared to what some of my other pregnant friends got. The office staff was usually very nice and one of the women ALWAYS remembered me (and remembered me well after I had delivered my baby) which was awesome. They never hounded me about billing which was nice. But... things changed as my pregnancy progressed. I started feeling like each appointment was more rushed. Dr Van Eken (who I saw primarily) started off super nice but as the months went on I felt her attitude with me started changing. I was having issues with preterm labor and struggling with depression and I felt like I was a bother to her. I got so mad about something one time (I don't even remember what) that I had to talk to the Office Manager and she basically acted like I was overreacting to the situation. My delivery was fine, mostly because the doctor was only there to catch the baby. Dr Belise ended up delivering my daughter and I don't remember much about her being there, except that she was pregnant herself and that she stitched up my tears even though I had written in my birth plan that I preferred to heal naturally.  Overall, I wouldn't say that they were awful... just that the doctor I go to now is better and as such I would not go back to VWFW.
5	I love this place! I worked with the midwives for my delivery and couldn't have asked for a better experience. I delivered at Mercy Gilbert and Janice was the midwife on call. She was absolutely amazing! My body wasn't too excited about the idea of giving birth and Janice worked with me to make it a wonderful experience. That's saying a lot because I was in the delivery room for 24 hours, pushed for almost 3 and gave birth to a 9 pound 6 ounce 22 inch long baby boy. I would recommend the midwives to anyone having a baby.
3	I go to the Queen Creek office - Dr. Aguilar is the best.  She is very patient and explains things in non-Dr. terms and repeats them if necessary.  I go back just because of her.  The ladies that answer the phone are a total turn off so is the office manager.  I have never had a problem waiting long for my appointment, however every time I call I am on hold for at least 20 minutes.  One gal even hung up on me because she would not let me leave a message for the Dr. and then I asked for her name.  If you can overlook this, Dr. Aguilar will make up for the negative in the front office.
1	Not a good fit for me. They are unkind and have poor bedside manner.
3	Wanted to give an update - Office and front desk staff are still horrible.  I find them to be rude all the time.  I am past child bearing years so my review is based on annual checks and other feminine issues.  I had a procedure done that I was very iffy about.  Dr. Aguilar took the time to explain things in detail to me and allowed me the time to ask as many questions as I needed.  I would give 5+ stars to Dr. Aguilar and negative ones to the office and front desk.
1	Where do I even begin? I began seeing VWFW to have my IUD removed and then for my prenatal care after I got pregnant. They couldn't have cared less for me as a patient. There was nothing genuine about any of the staff or drs.When I called to ask the nurses when I should be seen for the first time following a positive pregnancy test, they simply said 'it's up to you.' They didn't offer me any advice or guidance.As I went each month for my check ups, I was HOUNDED by the front desk girls for a payment. They want your pre-natal care paid IN FULL by the time you deliver - regardless of you insurance. I refused to pay for services that hadn't been rendered and they treated me like crap.I saw Heidi the nurse practitioner every time I went. She was really sweet and while I knew that outside that room she wouldn't know who I was - she was still nice. When I was 23.5 weeks I went into pre-term labor. I called the dr on call, told her of my symptoms and she had me go to the hospital just in case. When I arrived the nurses were nice but didn't tell me anything. I was in excruciating pain (turns out those were contractions) and two hours after I arrived I delivered my son. Not once was I told I was in full blown labor. It wasn't until a nurse asked me if I wanted them to try and save my son that I had any indication that I was giving birth at the moment.Dr. Ference from VWFW walked into the delivery room, told me to push then when my son came out, she fumbled him - almost dropping him completely and then soon after was gone to attend to another patient. She checked on me one other time an hour or so later but didn't have much to say - no sympathy, no emotion whats so ever.My son was life-flighted to St. Joseph's in Phx where he lived for one week. Not once did the drs from VWFW call to check on me or my son. When we got home after spending a week at the hospital with him, I had messages from VWFW saying I'd missed my appointment so I needed to call and reschedule (2 days after I'd delivered). And one from Dr. Ference the day AFTER my son had passed calling to check on me and my little boy to see how we were doing. They had the decency to send me a condolence card, but instead of taking the time to write each drs/nurses names (or even faking it)  - it was simply signed, Valley Women for Women. When I went in for my 6-week appt I was a wreck (obviously) and Dr. Ference acted as though I hadn't just LOST my baby. She offered me little explanation for what happened basically saying, there were indications of an infection but we aren't sure. It was probably just a fluke.We've sinced moved from Arizona, but if we were still there I would find a different doctor - one that treated you as a person. Not a number.
5	I was 2/3 of the way through my third pregnancy when I switched to VWFW.  Before I changed my care to them, I was able to speak with someone in the billing department (before even making an appointment) who was extremely helpful and friendly.  I was able to set up a new patient appointment within a week (they actually had an opening for the day after I called, but I was unable to make it then!).  The telephone staff has always been very courteous and upbeat.  I LOVE that I don't have to wait 5, 10, 15 minutes just to talk to a human.  I've never had to wait more than 2 minutes when calling in (for scheduling, billing, etc.).  Most times I've been able to talk to an operator immediately.The office itself is very comfortable.  There are big tvs in the waiting area, the decor is nice.  The patient rooms are dimly lit and cozy (vs white-walled and institutional).  There is a padded bench to sit on with a bin full of toys below it. So far, I've seen two midwives and have had my blood drawn.  The midwives were very patient with my five million questions, did not rush me, and had answers to everything I wanted to know, or directed me personally to the person that could find it out.  Their billing staff is in office, and they were able to confirm my benefits while I waited for my glucose test.  They also have in-office ultrasound rooms, and an on-site lab for LabCorp.  My insurance isn't contracted with LabCorp, but they said they could draw the blood and send it off to Sonora for testing.  Very convenient.What I really like about VWFW is the option of the "Family Circle" pregnancy group.  It's led by the midwives on staff and a group of women and partners with a range of close expected due dates have their regular prenatal checks in the evening - combined with the info that you'd usually get from a hospital class.  I love that I and my husband don't have to take off work for all of the appointments, or devote half or all of our weekend to a birth class.What really blows my mind, though, just happened today.  I faxed in a medical records request for the blood work I had done, and I received the records via fax (as requested, which almost no one ever does) in less than an hour!  The Medical Records voicemail said to give it 5 days to process the request.  I couldn't believe it.  No one sends out medical records that quickly.  I am truly amazed, and thankful for the incredible service.
4	I just had my first visit here due to some medical issues and I had a wonderful experience. I was late for my appointment and I didn't get any guff from the office staff. Than when I saw my doctor she was a dream! She was friendly and she worked really hard to get my blood work, ultra sound, and pap smear done on the same day in under two hours! She made sure I understood everything that was happening and made an action plan with me instead of for me. The only reason the office doesn't get five stars from me is I found the wait time in the office to be excessive.
1	After having a miscarriage I was looking for a new experience with my current pregnancy. From what I read on their website VWFW seemed like the place I wanted to be. The group sessions sounded like a neat option and I liked that there were midwives on staff too.For my first appt I saw a nurse practitioner. This didn't bother me because it was all very preliminary, just a pregnancy test really. For my next appt. I was scheduled with a different NP. For my next appt I was scheduled with a different NP. And then finally I was scheduled to see a Doctor. I was excited to finally see a doctor, but she had terrible bedside manners. She was rushing out the door even though my husband and I had more questions about our baby's well being. It was Friday afternoon, but was I expecting too much? We even asked her questions in the hall because after ordering an ultrasound, she never came back into the room. Instead she had her assistant deliver all the paperwork. At this point I was INCREDIBLY frustrated. Even still, I was wanting some regularity in my appointments so I wanted to schedule with the same Dr. I wanted someone to know my name, and my history. I didn't want to have to repeat myself again about everything in our unique situation. But guess what? this doctor would not be available for my next appointment because she was moving to a new location. I was starting to see a pattern.Earlier in my pregnancy I had a situation where I called to speak to a nurse about a migraine that made my entire left side go numb. I had no idea what may be happening to the baby. By the time someone called me back 2 hours later the numbness had gone and I was in full migraine mode. She suggested I go to the ER because there was nothing the office could do for me. I knew at that point the ER wouldn't be able to do anything but give me fluids. After my last visit with them I still had to go back to get some lab work done. After waiting a week I called to see if the results were back.  I had to leave a voice mail because apparently, these folks are just too busy to answer the phone. I received 1 call saying they hadn't received the results yet. Then an hour later I received another call saying they couldn't understand my first name and  nearly reprimanded me. Then again saying they did not have the results. Right, I already knew that. Communication must not be a strong suit for them. I called again in a week, left another message, speaking VERY clearly this time. I missed their return call and again called back and had to leave another message. I didn't receive a call back that day so I called the front desk and demanded to speak to someone. When I did get to talk to someone she told me that they had already called and delivered the results. I received no such call. That was the final straw. I have switched to a smaller office that only has 2 doctors and a nurse I can speak to whenever I need to.
1	I am posting this not out of anger but in hopes that no one will ever have to go through what just happened to us this morning. My Sister-in-law was a few days over due and went to the Dr. She was seeing the midwives. She was in pain and kept being pushed off as a complaining first time pregnant lady. They did not take her seriously even though she knew something was seriously wrong. She went to the hospital that night only to discover there was no heartbeat and her baby passed away that day. The cord was wrapped around his neck 6 times. In the ultrasound earlier in her pregnancy they saw the cord wrapped around his neck but told her not to worry about it. My good friend also went there and had a similar scary situation that landed her baby in the ICU for months. Fortunately her and her baby came out of it ok but it didn't have to happen. I told my sister in law about this before she decided to go to them, but she went anyway because of the whole idea of having a midwife. They must make you feel really warm and fuzzy at first, but at the end don't take you seriously when you actually need them. Now she is sitting in the hospital morning the loss of her baby boy. My opinion, I think you should go to somewhere where you see the same Dr. each visit who will take you seriously and not a "Team" of Dr.s where you see a different person every time and who don't really know you. To VWFW, you should realize pregnant women know their bodies and babies more than anyone and never, ever brush them aside. These Women trust you to. You should know better as Doctors. Shame on you.
4	I give 5 stars to the midwives and their nursing staff. Very sweet girls. The front office staff, and nurses on the doctors side...horribly rude. I'll deal with the less than professional office staff so I can have the amazing midwives and their nurses!  You dont have to want a natural birth to go with the midwives either, they will never pressure you into it at all, they only want to provide you with the support and care that pregnant and birthing mothers deserve.
5	I went in for an exam and birth control today. I saw Dr Pritchard and she was such a sweetheart and really knew what she was talking about! The receptionists were very nice and helpful as well and I was very impressed with the overall visit. I will be definitely going back there again!
2	It was hard to give a rating for them. Some of the doctors I saw were awesome (Adams and Wehrner), but my overall experience throughout my pregnancy was quite horrible. At my confirmatory pregnancy appointment, I asked the doctor a question about an epidural because no matter how far along you are, you're gonna be concerned about labor and pain management, The doctor's (Cindy Romney) response was "why are you asking about an epidural, you don't know if you'll keep the pregnancy that long." Not something you say to an expecting mom, especially when you can look in her chart and see she's had 2 miscarriages.They also informed me 4 times during my pregnancy that I was in the beginning of a miscarriage and then followed it up with "disregard that, we input the data wrong." As a result of incorrectly input data, I had extra, unnecessary ultrasounds we had to pay for and a pregnancy where I was informed  'you are high risk for preterm labor. You're not high risk. You are high risk. You're not high risk." I heard for 7 months and then went into preterm labor at 31 weeks. We just received a bill from them saying we owe them x amount of money. We are cash pay and had been under the impression that the pregnancy package we paid for in full at the beginning of the pregnancy covered all my office visits and delivery. Upon talking to their billing department, they tried convincing me that my hospital visit and admittance on the 25th wasn't covered because I was preterm and delivered on the 26th.  "Even though you were admitted because you were in active labor, we had to bill you because you were only 31 weeks and we were trying to stop you from delivering your baby, which, in your case we couldn't do. We had to bill you because you weren't full term."   They did end up removing the charge, but I had to convince them that I was in active labor and labor & delivery was included in the package we had already paid. I did have great doctors from VWFW during labor and delivery. Dr, Adams and Dr. Wehrner were and are great. They listened to what I preferred during delivery and were very informative and answered all questions and concerns promptly. They are the only reason I would go back there. I wouldn't see anyone else there.  Those 2 doctors get 5 stars hands down.
1	First appointment required 6 weeks in advance booking which is fine yet it was cancelled just hours prior to the appointment and I was told I had to wait another six weeks to rebook.  Decided to see another doctor and not have to wait so long for an appointment.  Showed up six minutes late and was told I would have to wait 90 minutes before anyone could see me.Not customer friendly at all.
1	I am furious with this place. I met with Julie Adams, who seemed nice enough. All I went in for was birth control. A month later I am still fighting with the Val Vista office to get a prescription over to my insurance. I have called back and forth between my insurance and the office and the hold up always seems to be with the doctors office. Terrible experience. I have been taking birth control pills for 10 years now and have never had this much trouble. I will find another place that actually cares about their patience's needs.
4	After 2 not so great experiences having my first 2 kids I decided to do something different when I got pregnant with baby #3. I decided to see the midwives at Valley Women for Women. I met with all the midwives while I was pregnant and from the very first visit my husband and I both felt the difference. It seemed like the midwives actually cared about me and my family and my overall birthing experience.  They spent as much time with me at every appointment as I needed. I NEVER felt like they were rushing through an appointment.  They had toys in the exam room for my kids to play with when I had to bring them with me (huge bonus!).  The only drawback is the wait time.  The midwives are SO busy and they deliver all of their patients babies themselves that sometimes I would get there for an appointment and need to be rescheduled or wait for 45-60 min. Even knowing that, I would come back to these wonderful ladies again.  Their nurses were WONDERFUL as well.  They never pushed one type of birth over another - I knew if I wanted an epidural they would get me one and if I was going to give birth without medication, they would coach me every step of the way. Janice delivered my little girl and it was by far the best birthing experience I've had of the 3. My husband joked that I didn't even need him there because Janice was so amazing.  She coached me perfectly while keeping me calm (I was fully dilated when I got to the hospital). I drove 25 minutes for each appointment. It was totally worth it.  I recommend these ladies to everyone.
5	I had an amazing experience with the midwives! I saw the doctors first but wanted a vbac so I switched to the midwives who were more supportive! Like the other comments I noticed a huge difference, the environment is more comfortable and they seem like they truly care! Mina delivered my son and was amazing! She was do patient and made my labor easier knowing I didn't have to rush. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a more personable experience!
3	Everything is ok
5	VWFW is the best! I usually see Jen Murphy or Venessa Thompson. They are both amazing!! They never rush and always listen to any concerns I have. Dr. Pritchard delivered my son on October and she was very nice, she stayed in the room with me the whole time and made me feel very important, and not just the next lady having a baby.
5	I must say that Lori Driggs is the best! The begin of this year I had a tragic thing happen in my life. Even know this team sees several of the same issues her team was so kind and sympathetic. Lori's patient care was unforgettable and I thank her for this, I will be returning for as long as she's at this location . I have already recommend several ladies to you -Thanks
2	I love my doc.  So far, the medical staff has been wonderful.  I am trying so hard to be understanding with the office and billing staff.  It's beginning to get difficult.  Short answers on the phone from the billing staff.  I have been doing my own research on my insurance, along with them, and all I need to know is exactly where my money is going.  I want to have an amazing experience with this practice, I truly do.  I just wish they would help me out a little.
5	I started going to VWFW when I was pregnant with my first child and I can't imagine going anywhere else. During both pregnancies I was considered "high risk" so I was being monitored closely. I saw many of the doctors on staff and got to know many of them. Dr. Van Eken, Dr. Adams, Dr. Belisle, Dr. Pritchard, and Dr. Vegh were all terrific! I was able to sail smoothly through each pregnancy and had piece of mind along the way that I was well taken care of during my visits. I highly recommend them!
1	DO NOT GO HERE! I had Cindy Romney the PA and she not only prescribed me a high dose birth control when I specifically asked for low dose, she was very unhelpful when I had lab tests performed. She has horrible bedside manner and when I called in to get my test results, 1. No one would return my call 2. When I finally got ahold of someone they told me that Romney had put in my file she had spoken to me about my results! I'm appalled. I WISH she would have told me my results so I could have been treated instead of spending the weekend in pain and worried out of my mind.
1	Where to begin? First they say that they Deliver the highest quality and service. They fail at that, I had a IUD placed and from the start the front office girls were more concerned about payment and gossip than helping me with questions. After having some issues with the billing department I learned quickly that I was only a number and a payment for them. Joan Webber the Office Manager stated that it was a business and that they could not deviate from their policies to help anyone. Bottom line is that this is a business and that is it. They are not in it to help sick people but charge everything they can that the law allows. So if you just want to be another bill to them I say make an appointment, but if you want real caring Doctors look for a non corporation Doctors office.(Any one who address negative feed back on a web site saying they are lies from competitors. Is already showing that they don't take complaints serious which shows they do not take their patients serious.
2	I'm still undecided if I like this place. Yes it's all women but it's not very personal. I feel like one of many here. You don't really see the same Dr., Nurse, or PA here. They also have mammography now in office and it wasn't very professional. Took me forever to get my results. I had to call and get them. It was in a tiny room in the back, like they converted a closet! I'm going back to SMIL for my mammograms. Still unsure if I'll stay at Valley a women for Women.
5	I had a great experience at Valley Women for Women. My PA was phenomenal!! I am so glad I switched to this provider as my previous OB GYN was very brash. Heidi listened to my concerns and gave me great advice and options. That is what I like about medical care, give me options and let me choose based upon my lifestyle. The wait was much shorter given the amount of people (and babies!!) that were waiting. I was in and out in an hour and I was a new patient, to me that is great service.While I am never excited about my annual (what lady is?) I feel confident I chose the right provider for my health needs.
