3	Very pretty building located in old town chandler if thats what you call it. So I happened to ask the nice lady behind the desk where can I get some coffee and she directs me way out of my way... so this building is full of office workers that work for the city and there are other city offices in the vicinity, and you are telling me that ther is no coffee anywhere in walking distance???? Whats up with that????
3	Its is a pretty building near lots of places to eat. However no one who works at city hall doesn't have a recommendation for anything! Lame! I was hoping for a spectacular place to eat at while in this neck of the woods.....disappointed. Oh well, on my own I shall venture
5	I'm going to tell you a secret so listen closely! If you are in need of a Passport City of Chandler is the place to go! They offer services Monday to Friday 8 am to 4pm no appointment necessary, can you believe that?   Did you schedule an appointment weeks in advance with the local post office?? I almost did!I was in need of a passport and had my forms all filled out went down on a Friday morning, thought there was going to be a wait, but nope there was none, unfortunately I didn't have all my ducks in a row, so I had to go back home but found what I needed and headed back this time around noon. Again no wait, got right in. turned in my paper work and was out within 15 minutes!  The staff was extremely helpful and friendly, so if you need a passport or renewal go head on down to City of Chandler!Just a helpful tip, it makes things more smoothly, have your paper work filled out before you get there.  You can find your needed forms here: http://travel.state.gov/passport/forms/ds11/ds11_842.html
4	I could have printed the completed form off and brought it in but didn't understand that was an option cuz this was the first time applying.  But fwiw the ladies here were polite and helpful in getting me pointed in the right direction.The expedited process is supposed to take between two and three weeks.  I hope that pans out ahead of schedule since I'm headed out of town at that three week mark.Want to say parking right along Arizona Avenue made accessing this place so much easier (quicker) than using the parking garage.  For some, parallel parking is not a learned -or mastered skill, so maybe they should park elsewhere because there is traffic going by this parking area.  One of the other options is the parking garage which does provide covered parking -SHADE, almost a must in the hot summer months.  So even those it's maybe a block away at least you can park without testing your parking skills  ---too much.Keep in mind, parking garage is like many others and high profile parking isn't going to work here.There is a lot right across the street.  And all three locations are FREE!
