5	You wont get atmosphere, you wont get 5-star service, but you will get the best deal on food in town.  Its all about $5 for the best gyro and fries (and drink) in town.  Nuff said.
4	I really like M&T, and miss it dearly now that I'm no longer working downtown.  You can't go wrong with the Gyro Special for $6.50.  My waistline however, is benefiting from my neglect.  M&T's is a hole in the wall in downtown Pittsburgh, but that's part of the appeal.  This isn't a place you take a date, it's a place to grab lunch on the cheap & bounce.  Walk in, stand in line, grab a tray, yell your order, and enjoy.  If you go between 12-1, they're slammed, but any other time it's generally get in & get out.  I generally get the Chicken Pita Special.  $7.50 for the fresh-grilled, REAL chicken (no processed junk here) fries & a drink.  Don't forget to ask for the hot sauce bottle.
4	Gyros are the best in town, and their fries are nice and crispy. They only accept cash.
5	It's a cheap, nasty dive, only open weekdays for lunch, with only one thing worth ordering - a gyro and fries.  The gyros are made Pittsburgh-fashion - good pita bread, a huge pile of the standard lamb-beef shavings, and topped with a very generous dose of tzatziki, lettuce, tomato and onion.  The seasoned fries with it are perfect.  All for around $7 with a drink.
4	Really good. Makes me think of Zorbas in DC at Dupont Circle for the taste, not the selection. The food is simple but good. Plus who can beat the special for $6.50 (gyro and fries).Some don't like too much sauce on the gyro - they don't skimp here.  FYIFirst time to Pit, not a bad way to leave a good impression. If fancy places are your gig, this no frills place is not for you. Get take out.Also, only cash
3	Inside is icky, however the food was pretty good. It was my first gyro and I enjoyed it. The price right and the service is fast. I went during lunch hour and was out in less the 5 minutes.
4	A hidden gem for downtown lunchers. Mike & Tony's  is located downtown on Liberty Ave. If you are traveling inbound towards town from the strip district it's in the same block as Tonic on the right hand side. I believe there's another location. because this location appears to only be open during the week.  If you're not paying attention you'll probably miss it. Mike and Tony's is probably best known for their Gyros.My favorite menu item has and always will be the  sampler. You get lamb, rice, pita bread, olives with feta, and rolled grape leaves.
4	Great Gyros and fries special. Cash only.
4	Hey, you've gotta like a sandwich place named Mike & Tony's!  Justin's right--it's a hidden little gem for downtown diners.  They've got your basic Greek chow here--gyros, Greek chicken, souvlaki, baklava, etc, plus burgers, salads, and hoagies.  Feeling a little adventurous, I tried one of the specials:  chicken & souvlaki with fries & beverage.  The chicken was excellent.  Sometimes chicken at places like this can be dry but mine was pretty juicy.  I'd never had souvlaki before, so I have nothing to compare it to, but I did like it.Not a bad meal deal for only $6.50!  And I had leftovers too!  Oh and please my fellow Pittsburghers.  I've known some Greek people and it's not pronounced "gye-roes"!  They cringe in Athens everytime you say that.  It's "yeeh-roes"!  Emphasis on the "y" and a very short "s"!  I've also heard it pronounced "gee-roes!"  Sharp "g"!
2	After a three day stay in Pittsburgh I took the bus downtown to get on the Megabus and go home (Cincinnati). I have nothing bad to say about Pittsburgh, except that I haven't found any food that I truly loved here. This was no exception.The gyros were very standard. The fries were pretty good. The decorations were really boring. The staff was nice, but having some strange conversations in front of customers that wasn't exactly appropriate for employees of a restaurant (not that I really cared much, but I could easily see it bothering others a lot).I ordered a gyro with no tomatoes. I got a gyro with tomatoes.Refills cost extra. This will bring down a restaurant regardless how amazing the place is. So if the owner would allow guests to get free refills, this would deserve three stars as an average gyro joint. It's unfortunate that the owner can't part with those three pennies and give customers free refills to make them feel more welcome.I wouldn't avoid this place, but there have got to be better restaurants downtown.
3	Okay so yes Mike and Tony's has arguably the best Gyro in the Burgh, but the love affair for me ends there.  Oh and just a gyro is less than $5.00 dollars which makes for a very affordable lunch.  The downtown location is gross, there was bum piss in the door way. It should be some ones job to wash away the bum piss before they open their doors for business. The mural on the wall is very outdated and looks cheesy and the plaster is chipping away inside.  If anything just take your gyro to go.I have never eaten anything besides a gyro from Mike and Tonys but my boyfriend likes the grilled chicken salads.
4	Mike & Tony's is definitely a great place to go to if you're looking for good, inexpensive lunch.  Especially if you're looking to get out of your crazy office for awhile like I was.  I've had their specialty, chicken and souvlaki before and I've also had their gyros.  But today I was in the mood for something a little simpler.  I went for the half sized Italian hoagie, which was still big enough but definitely very tasty.  Paired with a small diet pop and I had a whole lunch for about 5 bucks.  And what better way to enjoy it than dining al fresco along with a good book?I'm with Darren on this one.  Cheap and nasty--no way.  Mike and Tony's has some great gyros and sandwiches.
5	Complete dump from appearance but the gyros are awesome and very inexpensive. Tons of meat. Don't expect atmosphere as it does not exist.
3	Great $7 lunch special (gyro, fries and drink).  They do charge for drink refills. and only take cash.  You don't go for the atmosphere; looks like a dump!  I recommend carryout only.  The gyros are pretty good.  Greek Gyro in Market square gives you more to eat but you are comparing $11 versus the $7 here.
4	A whole-in-the-wall in every possible positive sense of the term. Bring cash, get one of the specials, sit dahn and eat yer food. The gyro is not fancy gourmet but it's just done well. Good portions, juicy meat, large plate of fries.I work all the way on the other side of downtown but it's rare that a M&T's suggestion meets with a No from my coworkers.
4	My lunch gyro (Hee-Ro!)Not sure what else can be said about Mike and Tony's.  It's drab, greasy, and almost non-existent decor is what made me want to try it the most.  A place that can draw the lines it gets with that atmosphere, a ban on plastic payment, and snide directions on how to order taped to the counter must have good food.The gyros are great, 4.50 for a lamb gyro stuffed with juicy lamb, fresh tomatoes and lettuce, and a very good yogurt sour cream.  I opt for some banana peppers to be thrown into the mix and it's all good.  If you have a Lincoln in your pocket and need lunch skip Wendy's and get to Mike and Tony's.
4	The gyro was pretty good.Cash only.The place could be a little cleaner.The staff was pretty friendly.Would go back for more gyros. I did have it during the middle of the day, I'm sure drunken gyros might be even better.
4	Gotta write an update now.Getting a couple of sandwiches to go and then taking them to a nearby plaza for some alfresco dining.  Is there any better way to spend your lunch hour on a beautiful spring day?  Well a colleague and I did just that, getting a couple of gyros to go.  Yeah, Mike & Tony's is still a great hole-in-the-wall dive, but really!  Where else can you get good cheap gyros this good?
5	Best gyros you will ever have at a cheap price!
2	Everyone thinks Mike & Tony's has the best gyros and I really think this is because they have been around forever.  Their gyros are ok but they are just ok.  The lamb is very good, but then they PILE the lettuce on and then drown it in gyro sauce (tzatki sp?). I'd like this place more but I dont like the customer experience there.If you are on your phone or talking to someone they wont take your order, but I get that.there is a sign that says, "Prices will be going up soon, =the Mgmt" taped to the side of their register that has been there so long, its fading.Cash onlyIf you want your order to go and you dont say to go, they charge you for it which again I understand, but that's crappyYou are nickle and dimed for everythingTheir hummus is GROSS and the pita just comes out of a bag its not heated or anythingThe restaurant is a total hole in the wall and does not appear clean, and this is largely because customers are expected to bus their own tables, and this rarely happens bc most people aren't aware of this.There is a very sweet older gentleman who works behind the counter and I always like making small talk with him when I stop in there, but it's not often that I do.My Big Fat Greek Gyro is just a few blocks away, and it's much cleaner and the gyros are much tastier.2 stars because I really freaking love gyros.
4	I've had both their Gyro and Grilled Chix Salad - both really good and definitely recommend.
4	I wanted something different for lunch, so I decided to check out Mike & Tony's. I went based on previous Yelp reviews and I wasn't disappointed. It's hard to go wrong with a large chicken pita, fries, and a drink for $7.50. There was a lot of Tzatziki on the pita, so it was a mess to eat, but it was delicious. The fries were still crispy when I got back to my office too. I'll definitely be back. Of note, they don't take credit cards as the information on Yelp says.
3	A gross establishment but a decent gyro.The place is absolutely gross.  I watched the kid who took my order clean his (wet?) hands with the front of his t-shirt so that he could write the order down.  I then watched him pass the order to the gyro maker, then proceed to take out a pile of pitas with his nasty hands and place them on the grill.  Once he was finished, he once again cleaned his hands on the front of his t-shirt.  I've done worse myself, so I ate the gyro anyway.  Not the best ever, but certainly not bad.The restaurant itself is pretty nasty.  Try not to touch anything.Oh, and they pronounce gyro as GYE-row.  I guess that is a Pittsburgh thing?  Definitely not a Greek thing.
4	Walking down liberty ave and saw the sign and figured.. What the heck how bad could a five dollar Gyro be.  Well let me tell you one bite got me hooked.  It was the best Gyro that I ever had.  I've lived in many cities in my life and hands down this was the best.  Highly, highly recommend. Don't really appreciate the sign that charges u an extra $4.00 if you sit down after ordering it to go for an inconvenient charge.  I probably would have ordered another, but I was gone already.  Besides that...GREAT GYRO!!!
2	I tried my first gyro here and I really did love it.  HOWEVER and that's a big HOWEVER, I cannot eat in the restaurant itself.  When you walk in the door, it smells like those cheap things you put in toilets to get rid of the smell.  So that smell is still in your nose when you are in the restaurant.  If you lined up 10 port o' johns, that's what the restaurant smells like to me.  Get the food to go and breathe easier.  Sorry Mike & Tony but clean that joint up, please.
3	I got the chicken sandwich, which was basically a gyro, but with chicken instead of lamb. I really enjoyed the sauce they used. I feel like the chicken could have been left on the grill just a little longer. It was kind of pinkish and rubbery feeling, maybe next time I will get the shaved steak. I also got a side of fries that were just nothing to write home about. I feel like they were frozen and needed seasonings.
5	If you read my Lesvo's review then you would of read that I said they don't compare to the downtown Mike and Tony's, this is the mother load.This place is Food Network material.  Everything any gyro shop does, these guys do it better, even more so than there own other locations!  Get the Spinach Pie, Get a Gyro, Get the FRIES!  Make it an adventure.  People say it's gross in some of their reviews, they must come from humble beginnings ;-)Eat here before any other location...Tell them HITTofMCM sent you.
