5	My kids like this place.  But I'd never been, before today.  Here's how it works:  I open my wallet and the kids take my money.  I wait outside, in air-conditioned comfort, and they enter the shop.  They reappear about five minutes later with a shaved ice or ice cream cone.Well, today I went in.  I had no idea what I'd been missing.  Maria and her husband own the place.  Really nice people.  They are transplants from Jersey and, personally, I like the occasional east coast fix.Anyway, they have ice cream, they have shaved ice, they have soda, they have candy, they have water, they have ice, they have ... well, loads of stuff.  They have tons of flavors for everything.  And, rare as it is in 2008, they have reasonable prices.  Hard to believe, I know.  But it's true.I can't recommend this place highly enough.  I went in for a cone, wound up with a great chat, finished my ice cream and got a diet coke.  These folks have owned the place for 19 months and, in the present economy, have seen their customers tighten their "discretionary spending on sweets" belts/budgets.  Patronize them if you have the chance.  The sweet confections are great and these are exactly the kind of businesses we want to support -- "mom and pops" that contribute to the neighborhood (and in their case, all the local schools).
5	I love this place. When my family first moved to Arizona, my sister and I went here all the time to get shaved ice. They have a huge variety of flavors and they always make it right.Water and Ice is owned by lovely people who are always kind and helpful, and great to talk to. Their store has a huge selection of candy, snacks, drinks, frozen treats, etc. Everything is always fresh. Their prices are fair and it always feels good to help out a family rather than go shopping next door at albertson's.Water and Ice is a great place to go for a sundae or shaved ice on those hot, Arizona days!
5	I FINALLY found a ice cream shop that's close to our home!!  It seems like there are tons of frozen yogurt shops or Gelato shops around the valley, but I've had a hard time finding a close ice cream shop...I must have passed this place 50 times and never realized it was an ice cream shop (looks like a small convenient store from the outside).  It's a unique shop that sells blue bell (I think) ice cream in a ton of flavors.  It's not homemade, but still delicious and has all the flavors my kids like.  And they have shaved ice with tons of flavored syrups to choose from.  Cute little trinkets and wrapped candies that the kids can pick out for cheap, too.  As other reviewers have said, it is a locally owned business which I like.
4	I have no right to completely review this place because I've never actually been inside.  But I must say, the sign and name is horrible.  Until I saw it on yelp I didn't even know it was an ice cream shop.
5	Great owners. Maria and Faustino are tops! They are friendly and family orientated. We love supporting their business!
4	Clean and well stocked with candy and ice cream.  Wish it was closer to my house!
5	This place is really cool. The owners are immigrants from Portugal and have a great American story. They support all the local high schools and youth sports programs. The water stations are very convenient for filling up big water jugs for sports teams and practices. The ice cream is good and so is the shaved ice. It reminds me of the ice cream shops when I was a kid. If you want to support local commerce and meet some very nice people then this is the place.
4	Clean and well stocked with candy and Thrifty ice cream.  Wish it was closer to my house!
