4	Lulu's On The Move--a gourmet pastry truck. From what I understand it is owned by Bouchon's pastry chef, Chris, who greeted us this morning. As an introduction to the new business, all menu items were sold for a dollar today in the parking lot at Metro Pizza on Stephanie and Horizon Ridge. So I ate everything: Banana beignets, waffles with maple-bacon butter and syrup, velvet cake served sandwich style, apple coffee cake, a banana nut muffin topped with nutella, and monkey bread. My favorite was pretzels served with a mustard seed/orange butter; I may have the ingredients mixed up but the flavor was perfect. Everything was delicious. If you missed the truck today, see them on Monday, Oct. 11 at the Metro Pizza on Tropicanna and Maryland Parkway. Sounds like Lulu's will adjust the portion sizes a bit and sell most items at reasonable prices. I suggest it as breakfast or lunchtime dessert for my coworkers at UNLV.The truck also sells cookies, popcorn and other take-away snacks. The service was great. Food was excellent. The only reason it gets four stars instead of five is because I don't know their regular prices and I might be a little bias due to the $1-dollar-deals today.
5	This place is DA BOMB!!  Holla!Run by Bouchon's former pastry chef and it shows.  So far I've sampled the Whoopie cakes, chocolate chip cookies, and caramel popcorn.  Unreal.  The caramel popcorn is perfect.  The nuts are attached to the popcorn by caramel.  So you're consistently getting all those flavors together.  The popcorn and sweet but not overly so with a nice salty sweet finish on your taste buds.  It seriously must have taken them months to figure out how to get that aftertaste just perfect.  Chocolate chip cookies are nice and soft with high quality chocolate and sugar.  You don't get those little particles of sugar like you will with other homemade cookies.  Nothing grainy on texture-wise.  Really just a delicious chocolate chip cookie.Whoopie pies come in red velvet and chocolate.  If I'm not mistaken, the filling on each is different.  The red velvet one is more of a cream cheese based whereas the chocolate one is more like some sort of icing.  Could be wrong about that as that night was a "blur."  :)Can't wait for this truck to be moving along on a regular basis.  Chris told me they'd be serving sandwiches, etc.  Bring it on!
5	Checked out the Chocolate Fest at the Green Valley Metro Pizza last night.  Tried the beignets, creme brulee, crepes, strawberry shortcake, caramel popcorn, macaroon, and chocolate milk.  There were a bunch of us so we each had a little of everything. Beignets - freshly fried right out of the food truck.  Topped with bananas foster and I believe a caramel sauce.  Knocked out of the park.Creme brulee - top was still crispy just like you want it.  Nice dark chocolate flavor.  Another big hit with everyone.Crepes - crepe was soft and had a nice flavor by itself.  Had some chocolate and riccotta and chopped pistachios on top.  Really nice.Starberry shortcake - Unreal.  Nice moist chocolate shortcake.  It was a sandwich with two shortcakes and the strawberry filling in the middle.  Topped with whipped cream infused with vanilla.  Couldn't believe how good this was.Caramel popcorn - I've had this before as you can get it at Metro Pizza in the to go section.  Nice caramel sweetness and a salty sweet finish aftertaste.  Everyone I've given this to has loved it.Macaroon - Best I've had.  Chocolate milk - might be too strong of chocolate taste for some.  Not for me.  It was good dark chocolate with creamy goodness of milk.  It was just fantastic.Yeah I'm not gonna have chocolate for a while after last night.  But it was totally worth it.Prices were totally reasonable.  Basically from $2 to $5 depending on the item.  You'd pay around $8-$12 for each of them at a nice restaurant that would serve desserts of this quality.
5	LuLu's is one food truck that deserves to be called a *gourmet* food truck. Most others are just upscale roach coaches serving good food. The roasted pork sandwich ($6) I tried was an outstanding sammie made with several tender slices of roasted pork shoulder, mozzarella, and arugula pesto.If you're going to try a dessert, their strawberry shortcake beignets ($5) are an indulgence worth getting. Fried to order, these doughy morsels of delight are topped with powdered sugar and sliced strawberries. Sure, they're probably a million calories, but it's only a one time thing, right?They say they're constantly changing their menu, which could be good and bad... if you're going there for a specific item they might not be selling it that day. But, if their other items are anything like the two that I tried, than it shouldn't matter what you get because you'll be happily satisfied.
5	As other have said this place deserves the title gourmet food truck that also has friendly fantastic service. The story goes that they are opening a new metro pizza up in the northwest and they are going to have this Lulu's attached to it, a sort of coffee, bakery, food, hang out place.  Well this new location isn't going to be opened for a year so in the mean time they decided to take it to the streets and experiment a bit.  He told me that their menu would be constantly changing. I have only eaten here once and I was blown away.  It was cheap enough that my wife and myself pretty much ordered everything on the small menu and the one thing I didn't order the guy threw in, awesome.  I might have had the most delicious mac and cheese ever, just a very simple, very cheesy mac and cheese covered in a in bacon streusel.  How about a brat covered in cheese sauce and caramelized onions and set in a very fresh and soft pretzel bun, BOOM!  I didn't have any desert though but I can't wait to try it after reading others reviews.  Listen up you other food truckies, this is what it is supposed to be about.  A FEW items done extremely WELL but sold out of a food truck so it is CHEAP.  That is the winning formula.  The novelty of eating at a food truck wears off quick so you have to offer more.  In fact your food has to be BETTER than what we can get elsewhere because we have to drive the F%#$ about to find you and eat it in 110 degree heat on a damn curb.  Slider truck led the way (even though they aren't exactly cheap I guess)  and these guys nailed it too.       Do yourself a favor and hunt these guys down, it's worth your time and money.
5	Awesome, just AWESOME! Oh, if I could eat at Lulu's once a week I might die of happiness. But then I might miss out on all the future yumminess they have to offer.The first time I tried Lulu's was at the Ellis Island Food Truck Smash-up. I had actually been stalking them for some time and really only showed up to try their food. The Italian Pork Grilled Cheese was simply to die for. Perfectly toasted bread, melty cheese, savory sliced pork, mmm. The aracini was very good, a bit on the vegetably side for me but tasty enough that I still ate them, which for me is a feat in itself (I do not like veggies.) I was amused that they called it "Italian Fried Rice." Since I was on a roll with the fried things, I also had the Strawberry Shortcake Beignets. These will be yet another reason I continue to stalk Lulu's. Basically doughnuts covered in sugar and then again in macerated strawberries and whipped cream. I also bought a Nutella whoopie pie (which I had a bit later) and I have to say it was okay, I think I was not enthused by the nuts in the cake.So for today, my boyfriend drove us all the way across town to Summerlin to grab some Lulu's in the Sugar's parking lot. Hats off to them for still working even in the rain and with their lights out in the truck. My boyfriend got the prime rib and egg sandwich, deep fried mac and cheese and I got the sourdough waffles with strawberry syrup and a red velvet whoopie pie. I have to say I like the red velvet whoopie pie loads more than the Nutella, and I am a Nutella freak. Going on, those very well might be the best waffles I have ever had. They were crispy on the outside and fluffy in the inside and not sweet so as to go very well dipped into the strawberry syrup. The prime rib sandwich was good according to my bf but too many veggies for me.  However, we both had to agree that the deep fried mac and cheese was the winner for this trip. Cilantro mayo and a hint of jalapeno FTW. Crunchy, saucy and cheesy creamy goodness. So good that I had to go back for a second serving.
4	I had Lulu's for the first time Friday night at the Street Food Throwdown on Fremont East. Very much worth the wait. I was there with 5 of my friends and we wanted a taste of everything. Knowing we couldn't possibly eat everything, we opted for 2 or three things and passed them around.For the throwdown, Lulu's offered a veal bratwurst, oscar style. The brat was perfectly cooked and the oscar was fairly well executed. My friends loved the roll it was dressed in. It was a good dish, but I would have preferred a little less on the chopped peppers and a little more salt for pop (a few bites seemed a tad bland). The sauce was a little thin for me (texture) but for what they were trying to do it was a really good dish overall. Let's face it, aside from my personal preferences, they were obviously doing something right because this dish was the winner! Add to that the amount of food was quite a lot (translation: great value for the money) and perfect for us to share!We also tried the dirty chips (OK, we devoured them with abandon and debated on getting more). Salty goodness with layers of amazing flavors and a few different textures, these fresh and handmade chips are dressed and presented to be a great dish on their own or as a complement to the rest of your Lulu's meal.The sweets were all cake/cookie types so I only tasted a tiny bite here and there, but everyone went nuts for the black cherry biegnets - perfectly fried, amazing fruit - and the whoopie pies. The cookies were good but, in my opinion, just cookies. Nothing spectacular. I thought it was a great way to make the crowd happy when the girls walked through passing them out as treats while you waited.The service was stellar. Imagine thousands of people milling about in the rainy Vegas heat (hot, humid, hungry folks in a crowd environment? Yikes!). It felt that half the festival was at Lulu's while we were there, and yet they powered through the orders with smiles and fast service. When there was a slight delay in our order, they communicated it and gave us whoopie pies to go with our order. It was a well-oiled machine and everyone was at the top of their game.I am looking forward to more!
5	I have now had Lulu's on the Move twice and I can say this food truck is really as good as it gets. The chefs here, and the people working the crowd, getting their orders, etc. are 5-Star individuals indeed.Last week I had Lulu's down on Fremont Street at the Street Food Throwdown. I was a wee bit tipsy so when I was in line and trying to read the menu I honestly couldn't get it in focus so I had my friend start reading off menu items to me. When she said "Pork Chop Tacos" I said yes please! I got an order of the tacos and of course, an order of their dirty chips. It was a long wait for our food because there were so many people there, so we headed into The Beat to grab a glass of wine. Once we returned outside it was only a few minutes until my food had arrived! I shared my tacos with my boyfriend. I thought the tacos were great. I believe there was lima beans in them? They tasted fresh and not too filling, which is actually really exactly what I was looking for because I wanted to eat my dirty chips. Those chips are so delicious. The pork on them is perfectly seasoned and it's just such a surprise how good it is every time you eat it. It's like comfort food on the move, from a truck, right there into your eager hands.
4	After leaving a concert in the wee morning hours on Sunday, we had time to make it to the food truck congregation outside Tommy Rockers. Once my first Fuku Burger of the night was consumed, I figured I would try the eats from other trucks.Lulu's On The Move was in front of me when I made the decision, found their menu, and gave the loaded tray of Mac & Cheese a try. There is a hint of bite to the cheese mix, generous portion of chicken was added to the mix. As well as some corn and other items as well.Flavor-wise, it was good. I ended up being unable to finish the bowl, as the pasta was way undercooked. It was more al dente than I was expecting for mac & cheese.Price-wise, can not complain at all $3.00 only for chicken and corn infused Mac & Cheese in a well filled bowl.
4	With three rounds of Lulu's On the Move under my belt, it's time to for a review!Our first encounter was at a food truck meet up going on over at Plant World Nursery.  All we wanted was a Cuban Sandwich ($5) and a Iced Cuban Coffee ($1).  What the Husband liked about their sandwich was that they had two variations of pork in there - slow roasted pork leg and rosemary ham.They also gave us a complimentary order of their Dirty Chips ($4) which was so awesomely good that it had us wanting more!  There's barbecued pulled pork, Mexican cheese, jalapeno hollandaise sauce and cilantro sitting on a bed of potato chips.  Of course, we couldn't say no to an order of their Key Lime Beignets ($4).  It's dusted with coconut sugar alongside a Tres Leches Caramel sauce and it's yum yum good!  And plenty enough to share!As a result, we're always looking for where their truck is and the Husband got another chance to savor their Dirty Chips once again.Most recently, we found them last week and although Dirty Chips wasn't on their blackboard, it's on their printed menu (so be sure to ask)!  The Husband wanted his own order, so we got two.  I also got an order of their Roasted Chicken Mac N Cheese ($6).  It's definitely more chicken and cheese than mac, that's for sure!  The chicken was so super moist and juicy and it had to be a crime to be considered chicken!  That dark meat sure taste good!  It's dripping with cheese sauce, and there's also some mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes in there too.Sadly, I haven't been able to order their beignets due to a restricted diet, but they had them with strawberries last week.  Also unique was their Homemade Corned Beef Hash Sandwich that I saw a few people chowing on.  Overall, the Husband won't bother with a food truck meet up if Lulu's and SnoW Ono aren't there.  Good thing I agree with him!Note: Double check the prices - they are listed differently on the blackboard menu and the printed sheet one.  So confirm your final purchase cost!
5	awesome food!  We got breakfast from the Lulu's truck, peanut butter and jelly beignets which were great and a breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese and asparagus on a ciabatta bun...it was so flavorful and amazing...I hope they don't change their menu too often cause I want it again.   The chef's are all dressed in their white outfits complete with chef's hat, very professional.
