5	Ladies! If you are looking for THE place for consignment you must visit Sweet Repeats! For starters, you actually get two stores in one - there is one geared toward a more sophisticated or fancy look, and the next one is just two steps across the way, which is geared toward a younger, more playful style. You will find great selections in either one. The stores are owned and operated by Jenny Burnett & Amy King, two of the most fabulous women I have seen in a long time. Each one mans a store, and they were both dressed to the nines in little black cocktail dresses and killer jewelry. And they were so much fun! With their southern accents: "Go ahead, honey! Take those items right there across the way and see what they've got over there! Lots more jewelry, and SHOES! You enjoy yourself!" I wanted to come back and have martinis with them. So sweet!It did feel wierd stepping outside with an armful of designer dresses without having paid, but then you pop right in the other store and you are back in the game. Gorgeous designer sunglasses by DIOR for $150, deeply discounted Minolos, Fendi bags, Jenne Maac adn Chanel apparel - my head was spinning. And to top it all off, they had a huge sale going on with items 25-75% off. Go check it out!
4	I was visiting out of town & love consignment shops so I can bring home unique items. Drove out on a Monday looking for another place & happened upon Sweet Repeats (which is closed on Mondays). No problem, we'll come back.Came back on Tues to find 'the other place closed' so now we have more shopping time here!Sweet Repeats HAS 2 Doors/ 2 sections.Don't miss them both!We thought the door across from each other was a seperate entrance.The shop on the right is higher end label/evening clothing vs. the shop on the right which is more casual.Both are clean, the ladies are so friendly & the items are great! If I lived in town, I would visit often!
3	This place definitely has some great designer goods (especially in the upscale side of the store). The employees are nice and helpful - I just feel like this store could make the atmosphere so much nicer to shop in! I recently went to a high end consignment store in Asheville and it had a clean, high-end boutique-y feel to it. It was spacious and extremely well merchandised, with the "fall collection" displayed on the floor. Wooden hangers, nice tags, more space, etc. just would give Sweet Repeats a much more expensive feel! When I'm spending $100's of dollars on clothes, of course I don't want to feel like I'm shopping at a sorted through thrift store. Other than that, great stuff - everything's in really good condition and some of it's pricey because of its almost-newness but there are definitely some gems.
3	Consignment & vintage shopping can be a bit of a sport - searching and prowling for that special little gem amidst a pile of, um, rocks? Sweet Repeats is indeed A-OK for me, but you definitely have to sift through a good amount of clothing to find something fabulous and relevant for someone under the age of 50. And that's totally fine! Just realize that the consigned items are typically for a more mature lady - think St. John, Donna Karen, etc. They do have a designer jeans section that was decent - just not exactly up to snuff with other consignment stores in the area. Make sure to check both sides (there are two separate doors, two seperate sections) - the fancier section on the right definitely skews older, but I did spy a gorgeous Zac Posen black dress. It was priced at $250 - not too bad for designer duds, but still a bit rich for my blood. I also saw a tweed Chanel skirt suit hanging in the midst of many a beaded black dress. Honestly, it sounds a bit snippy but if this store was a bit better organized and every item was showcased on wooden hangers instead of random, crappy plastic hangers strewn about, it would look so much more higher end. Just my opinion though...The ladies who work here are very nice and offer help and advice when asked and I certainly felt welcome. If you're in the area it's worth a shot to look around - you never know when you'll find a diamond in the rough.
3	When you say "consignment shop", to me that translates to "affordable for me."  This shop is a shop of very high-end items. Granted, they don't carry the original items' out-of-this-world prices but I wouldn't pay what's being asked for most items in here. I did score a very cute Kate Spade bag which was 75% off the consignment price, and I really love it. I did not, however, leave with the gorgeous Christian Dior 4" heels or the beautiful Victoria Beckham jeans. Or the Louis Vuitton bag. This is a nice shop to visit, but even these prices are outside my definition of "consignment."
3	I love clothes thrifting and have been wanting to visit Sweet Repeats for a while and finally made it there.  The boutique has two sides: the upscale side and the consignment side.  The upscale side carried brands like Valentino, Miu Miu and lots and lots of St. John which is generally worn by a more mature and refined woman.  The prices on this side of the boutique were pretty high.  The cheapest thing I saw was a blouse for $150.  There is a clearance rack but I didn't see anything that I would even consider wearing.The consignment side of the boutique is geared more towards women who were born in the 1970s and beyond.  The brands that I saw on this side included: Juicy Couture, Marc by Marc Jacobs, and BCBG just to name a few.  Again, the prices were a bit high in my opinion, but definitely more affordable than on the upscale side.  This side also featured Louis Vuitton, Gucci and Coach handbags.  I will say that I found several clothing items that I liked but wasn't willing to pay for them as I don't really need another pair of pants, jeans, shirts, sweaters, jackets, dresses, or handbags.  Nowadays I only buy things if they speak to me and a montage of events in which I will wear the items flashes through my mind.  I did find a few items on the clearance rack that I liked and ended up buying a pair of Joe's Jeans.  The original consignment price was $69.50 (way too high for used jeans) and I got them for $17.  I have at least 4 pairs of Joe's Jeans all of which were purchased brand new and I've never paid more than $50 for any.  I would go back to Sweet Repeats but only under two conditions.  1) I was already in the area as I wouldn't make a special trip and 2) would only purchase items from the clearance racks on the consignment side.  Even though the selection of items for sale is quite good I can't give this boutique more than 3 stars because of the high prices.
1	Wow the owner here is extremely rude and seemed to talk down to me. I stopped by with some items to ask about how selling there works. She  barely acknowledged me after I stood in front of here for a few minutes. Rude rude rude. Never going back
