3	The location of Crepe de Licious (inside the Illinois Student Union) will probably be enough to scare off any diner who is not affiliated with the university.  The basement of the union is set up as a mall-style food court, and Crepe de Licious is just another fast food option thrown into the mix.  However, unlike the other union restaurants, which are all recognizable chains (Sbarro, Chick-Fil-A, McAllister's), Crepe de Licious is privately owned and operated (in case you care about that kind of thing).  The rest of the food court area is decorated with cheap plastic furniture, but there is a seating area adjacent to Crepe de Licious that is slightly more private and cozy.As the name suggests, the primary menu item here are crepes with various fillings, though there are also options for burgers and beef hot dogs.  Also unlike the other restaurants in the union, Crepe de Licious offers breakfast items--if you are traveler staying at the union hotel, you will notice a distinct lack of breakfast restaurants in the campustown area, so Crepe de Licious is one of your few options.  While the crepe varieties are not particularly exciting (just variations of grilled meat, vegetables, cheese, and sauce), I do appreciate that this place uses fresh vegetables in their fillings, including baby spinach and romaine lettuce.  By the way, I am pretty sure their "special sauce" (advertised as a topping on most crepes) is just ranch dressing.Recently, Crepe de Licious introduced "Bombay wraps" to their menu.  You can choose your bread (naan or crepe), flavoring (tikka masala, madras curry, etc.), and filling (grilled veggies or meat).  My veggie bombay wrap came with crisp lettuce, grilled mushrooms and peppers, and a chopped veggie burger.  This was a very simple lunch (fairly easy to duplicate at home), but it was still filling and well-seasoned.  I would probably order it regularly when I need a quick lunch on campus.Most items on the menu cost $5 or less, which is extremely reasonable considering the location and other options at the Student Union.  Crepes, wraps, and burgers are all in the $5 range, while sides (like fries) are only $1.If you are looking for exotic, refined crepes, I would try Carmon's in downtown Champaign.  However, if you are stuck on campus looking for a cheap, healthy lunch option (and especially if you are a visitor staying at the union hotel), Crepe de Licious would be a sound choice.
2	worst service ever. Be sure to avoid if you find a woman serving you or you will regret. I have had lunch there and the food are good though you need to wait a while. I'm not a sexist but  that woman does not know how to do her job. Completely forgot her customer and talked on the phone. So I will ignore this restaurant and go to chickfila. Their food are much better.
2	So, out of finals desperation, I needed some high-sodium comfort food. Unfortunately, Rice Garden, my preferred purveyor of fried goodness was closed, so I settled for a bacon cheeseburger and cajun fries at Crepe de Licious. That was actually pretty good, and the shoestring fries really hit the spot. That being said, the word "Crepe" is the main attraction and prior to my pretty good cheeseburger, I had an absolutely awful crepe experience. I had the Popeye crepe which according to the menu, had "spinach, tomato, mozzarella, feta cheese & feta dressing". In reality it was a tossing of spinach, 2 slices of tomato, a mushy crepe wrap, and some unpalatable goop that stopped me from finishing it.The 'chef' who made my crepe that day must've had no sense of balance or taste, I wonder if they ever think about how that stuff tastes. Have some pride in your work, folks. Luckily, it's very hard to screw up a burger and fries, so if you are going to Crepe de Licious, avoid the crepes.
3	Well, it wasn't the best crepe I had but it was okay. They added WAY too much nutella. I think what made it unpleasant was the crepe itself. They were just reheating crepes and I wasn't sure if it was crepes they had made earlier or ones they had bought. The texture was a bit disappointing. Not the worst crepe I've had but considering that they have "crepe" in their name, I was expecting something a lot better.
1	The Italian beef is not Italian beef.  I noticed the beef was pulled from the fridge and reheated on the grill.  Didn't even notice if there was any juice to be had on my sandwich, certainly didn't appear to be any.I decided to forgo the Mozzarella (who gets that in Chitown?) and that should have been my first sign that eating here was going to be nothing but a passing fancy.I needed to kick it up a notch, so after some discussion, the giardiniera was said to be mild, not hot, so I added jalapenos (thank God I did)... because the giardiniera isn't even giardiniera.  It's cut up bell peppers with a bit of carrot thrown in.  [Where's the oil or the peppers you ask? I have no idea.  They're not here.]For all those who are raving about the fries- frozen shoe-string fries aren't the pinnacle of fries for me by a long shot.  [If you're the same, avoid this place.]There is one golden thread here- they have free tea and coffee for customers.  That's a nice change from the $1.50-$3.00 other places charge for heating up some water and putting a grocery-store-tea-bag in it.  So, kudos on the free tea.  I wish the food had been worth a second visit.
4	Just had the most bomb veggie burger here! Exactly what I was looking for and seasoned to perfection. Pretty sure the burger itself isn't home made but boy did it taste good. Would definitely try again!
