5	Holy cow!  This place has yarn literally hanging from the ceiling.  This being Arizona, they focus mostly on cottons, and other warm-weather fibers, but you can get some wools if you're really set on them.  They have the biggest Colinette selection I've ever seen. It's a thing of beauty.  The staff was very helpful.  I told them I was looking for souvenir yarn from my trip to Scottsdale and they pointed me toward yarns dyed locally and some yarns made just for the store.  I highly recommend the store and hope to visit again if I'm ever in the Scottsdale area.
3	As Amy M. said, they do have yarn to the ceiling here.  Which makes it VERY hard to shop when you are 5'2" (okay, 5'3" on a bad hair day).  I find it very challenging to shop here because it is SO cramped.  It's like this dark little dungeon with yarn everywhere.  Ever seen that TLC or Discovery Channel special on hoarding?  Tiny little pathways through towers of just STUFF?  Yeah.  It kinda looks like that.   I tried getting my stroller in there once.  Hah.  I had to leave it by the door.  Then I realized this is probably on purpose.  They don't really have any interest in you bringing your children here.  Okay, so I'm "that woman with her KIDS".  But I also have money to spend in your store, just like everyone else.  I can easily spend it down the street at that gorgeous NEW knitting store...That being said, I have been here many times, but I just ran in the other day to see if they had a needle for my super-chunky project.  Not ONE person greeted me, asked what I needed, made ANY move to help.  And I didn't even have my baby or my three-year-old with me!Okay, so I DO like that they have a great selection of super chunky yarn (i.e. Rowan Big Wool) because they are hard to find in AZ - because really, who is crazy enough to knit in wool on size 19 needles when it is 117 degrees?  Okay, maybe just me.  But it is my new obsession, so it's nice to have some options.  They do have some big needles, unlike a lot of places, but, alas, didn't have what I needed.Also, I have no need for the "needlepoint" area of the store: cumbersome rounders of silk thread and like.  Beautiful as it may be, it's just not my thing and dammit, it's in my way!  Staff usually ignores you.  Sometimes I'm okay with that.  But sometimes, I do need some help...  I guess it's up to you to decide which you prefer.  I prefer other places in AZ for yarn: if you can get over the staff, the lack of light and the difficulty maneuvering, you may not mind this place as much as I do.
3	I can never find anything that I want or need here.  It's a little on the dis-organized side and it's very, very small.  The shop carries some nice yarn (if you can find it) and the staff is nice enough, but they are usually busy helping everyone else, but me.  On once occasion I did go in there and spent some time with the owner when she helped me obtain gauge for a project, but I had to buy the yarn first (of course) and ended up hating the project. No big deal... it was just a hat.  It tends to be a little on the expensive side too.  I love her library, she has so many books!It's important to support local businesses and I hope this one survives, but I'm not sure how it will/can without making some sweeping changes.  I should say I don't do needlepoint, so maybe people that do needlepoint will have a different opinion.
