3	I heard about a special today they are promoting $.10 an oz vs $.38 an oz. from ABC Smart Shopper. They are really hidden and not a sign around Westgate showing where they're located.  I had walked around Westgate and finally saw the shop. It is just another typical yogurt shop. The decor is nice, good topping selections, and yogurts were tasty.  I would go back to try other flavors.
2	Before hitting the Coyotes game, the group wanted to get something sweet. We stopped by. Ocean Blue has below average frozen yogurt. The worst I've had anywhere! I was very disappointed with this place. The yogurt didn't taste that good and was a bit icy. Not a good combination..I sampled several flavors. I sampled Black Cherry, Milk Chocolate, Cardinals Crush and Cookies and Cream. Black Cherry and Cookies and Cream lacked flavor. Cardinals Crush tasted like medicine you had as a child. The chocolate tasted the best and got a very small portion to satisfy my sweet tooth. If you mess up chocolate, you have a real problem. There is a decent selection of toppings to choose from. Not the most I've seen, but more than other places.Next time, I'll pass on Ocean Blue.  Unless you want subpar yogurt, you should as well.
4	I really enjoy Ocean Blue's frozen yogurt. The decor is clean and modern. It  is all self serve and you have your yogurt weighed at the end, which includes any toppings that you may have added from the wide selection of  toppings to choose from. The only thing that I find wrong is that it is very expensive for what you get. I could buy two gallons of frozen yogurt at the grocery store for one small cup that you can buy at ocean blue. Don't let that .38 cent per ounce price tag fool you, it can add up fast and it sure does.
3	My brother, being the deprived person he is, has never had froyo. So being the amazing person I am, I dragged him to the closest place to us --- Ocean Blue at Westgate.Now I personally haven't heard of this place:  no reviews, no froyo-enthusiast friends, etc.  Upon walking in, the interior design of the place assaulted my eyes.  With a name like "Ocean Blue," I was assuming it would look like a Hawaiian BBQ place!  Meh, whatever.  Decor has never been the deciding factor for me.As soon as I grabbed my cup, I went straight to my favorite flavor, pistachio.  Now pistachio to me is a pretty standard flavor where you can't go wrong.  Well, I was wrong.  Upon pushing down on the handle, I got a cup full of soup, melty, runny, horrible pistachio-flavored water.  Maybe it was a bit warm that day or maybe they don't know that frozen yogurt is suppose to be cold --- I mean, hence the "frozen" part!My parents have raised me to just deal with it so I did.  I went over to the toppings station where nothing out of the ordinary was and paid.  The pricing is pretty average and the service was non-existant. "Please put your cup on the scale.  Your total is $3.49.  Thanks."Yeeeaaah, in the end though, I think I'll stay loyal to Yogurtland.  Whee!
3	Based on the reviews, I almost didn't come here and while it's definitely not my favorite froyo place, I didn't have quite the negative experience everyone else seems to have had.  I wish I could give a 3.5 star rating.First off, it was pretty late in the evening so it wasn't super crowded or anything (based on the always-present crowd at Yogurtland, this might e a bad sign for this place).  The one thing I liked immediately is that they have sample cups available by the self-serve bowls.  I've felt at other places that I have to beg for samples so this was a big plus.I ended up going with the plain tart (not the absolute best I've had, but better than some), custard (which might as well be called yellow cake), and cookies 'n cream (this one tasted a little less artificially sweetened than Yogurtland's).Some of the other flavors tasted pretty artificial - i.e. banana and strawberries & cream - and some were just too sweet (and I have a HUGE sweet tooth) - i.e. Cardinal's crush and the blue island one.I was a little disappointed that Skittles were not available as a topping because I checked their website before visiting and saw it was a topping option.  Maybe they'll have it next time.On my way out, I asked the girl working there how often they switch out flavors and she told me they change two out everyday.  Excited to go back and try new flavors!
4	Talk about a quality product. I used to think Ocean Blue was bland, but now I appreciate their flavor that's lighter and less sweet than most frozen yogurt. This is because they're using better ingredients, most notably they do not use high fructose corn syrup. Win.Cheesecake? Great. Banana? A bit on the icy side, but I couldn't get enough. Coconut? To die for! On the rare occasion I have a sweet tooth, I'll indulge myself here. They have this awesome promo that gives you free yogurt if you get your cup at an exact weight. I'll be more than happy to try that out.Pros-Great ingredients-Assortment of flavorsCons-???
4	A trip to Westgate is never complete without a stop to Ocean Blue! I always attempt to try two different types of frozen yogurt, and top them with some cookie dough and peanut butter. The only limit to the tasty combinations is your imagination! They do a good job rotating the types of frozen yogurt, and sorbets, and the topping bar is always fresh and interesting. Whenever I make a treat they end up being fairly big, and yet the price always seems smaller then I figure. You pay per ounce, and can taste test all the yogurts and sorbets before you start to build your delicious treat!
5	I eat here religiously. Not only do they offer a wide variety (more than JuJuBeri, actually), but they have good prices, television, a decent amount of seating and a ton of offers. You can get coupons through text messages! Bombness! and yes, I have used them. Only problem is, they're hidden in a lonely little corner of west gate :(
5	I love Ocean Blue, I've never had a bad experience here. Granted, I've only been a hand full of times, but every time I'm reminded why I like it better than Yogurt Land. To me, Yogurt Land has a funny after taste to their froyo. The flavors are always changing here at Ocean Blue, and they're always delicious! Nomnomnom! I also love the atmosphere, very chill and inviting.
2	Oh look, another self serve frozen yogurt shop. There's so many of these places around the valley now that most of them are no different than the others. Unfortunately, this one stands out in a bad way. I had a craving for something sweet before a coyotes game, so I stopped by Ocean Blue for a somewhat healthy snack. Like other self serve shops, you pick your flavor(s), toppings you desire, pay by the ounce and get ripped off (although the price doesn't look too bad until you compare it to places that don't charge you by weight). There's a massive amount of sample cups left out making you feel more welcome to take a try than most places. However, the cups are so small that I made a mess of my hands. I tried a couple of flavors. Peanut butter (awful), double fudge (disappointing), and pistachio (decent). I went the pistachio which was light on flavor and texture. It was a lot softer than I'd like my yogurt to be and almost tasted watered down. The toppings all looked good and fresh. I put some walnuts on it, and called it a day. The place is spacious and clean. The cashier seemed nice, but I really avoided any interaction with her other than paying. This may be some people's spot, but it certainly isn't mine.
4	I have been going to Ocean Blue since it first opened. I have always enjoyed the yogurt, and thinks it tastes pretty good. I like all the toppings and I like how almost every time I go in there the flavors r different. Whenever I go to Westgate whether solo or with my girlfriend. I usually always make sure to hit up Ocean Blue before I leave or sometimes i'll just go to Westgate just for the yogurt.
2	I am not a fan. The fruit is awful. It tastes like canned fruit. Not fresh at all. No dairy-free yogurt either! :( The staff is really nice though, I wish i could love it because I love going to WestGate. Mojos is SO MUCH better!!
3	I'm not really fond of this place.I remember I went there right when it opened in the morning, or afternoon(12PM) and the girl that worked there, said come back in 10 mins then they'd be fully opened.It was really annoying, all I wanted was yogurt on a hot day.And it was really hot too.So I ended up waiting, but when I got there 10 mins later, they still weren't open.The flavors here are all tart-y, none are creamy, or at least that's what I've tasted. Not that I don't like tart, but sometimes I want something similar to ice cream.It's cute inside, nice big tv, cute little clear cups.But nothing really stands out.
2	This place looks really cool, but you would never know it was a frozen yogurt place. When we found it at westgate we were so happy to see it. The yogurt in general is great, has lots of toppings and more flavors than some of the other places. Probably the one thing I can't get passed is the puddles of melted runny, nasty yogurt that folks somehow drop when they are serving themselves. I also noticed that on more than one occassion my favorite flavor dripped out into my cup and was runny not very frozen at all, it really grossed me out . I asked the person working there if there was something wrong with it but she had no idea. In general this is an ok place for frozen yogurt, but there are better ones out there
2	Ocean Blue looks really cool, has a great name, and I wanted it to be really exciting but it just doesn't stack up to other yogurt shops in the area.  The yogurt flavors are on the bland side and while the topping bar looks really impressive it didn't have too many toppings that tempted me.  if I was already at Westgate I would go back but I would not make a special trip.
3	Went here a few weeks ago. I don't eat anything this sugary but the wife and toddler were keen. While they were filling their cups, the dude behind the counter pretty much disappeared out the front door. I took the cups to the counter to pay and waited there for several minutes. No sign of the guy. People sitting at the booths noticed me standing there after a while and told me to just take them and eat them. One of the women said he was on his cellphone and assumed he had girlfriend troubles or something. Meanwhile, my yoghurt was melting. So I weighed both of them and took a photo of the weight measurement on the side of the scale, then sat down to watch the family eat. Eventually the dude returns. I said that I took a photo so he could charge me appropriately and he just waved me off and said it was free. Uh, ok. Apparently there was something wrong with the water system outside. Last I checked, landscapers or plumbers dealt with "water systems outside". The girlfriend probably turned the waterworks on during their conversation, yeah. Shrug. Anyway, nothing special, three stars, didn't appreciate the waiting around but the stuff was free, whatever.
4	My husband and I go to Ocean Blue all the time since we live near to Westgate. The place is always clean and there is always a new flavor to try. The sample cups are small-like the tiny paper cups used for condiments- but they are after all, sample cups. There's plenty of seating inside and out. I do agree though with some of the other reviewers that the staff manning the place are sometimes aloof and usually on their phones. The prices are fair and I like the place overall-we will keep visiting.
5	For those of you that are a fan of yogurtland this is comparable they have 12 flavors that change from time to time with non-dairy an no sugar selections their topping selection out does yogurtland
2	not bad for frozen yogurt but their toppings were old...i had to ask the person working to change the mochi
4	Ocean blue is the best frozen yogurt on the west valley.  Big plus for their dairy free dedicated machine. The yogurt is creamy and rich not tangy like others. Only thing is maybe they could add more toppings but thats true for any yogurt place.
5	Loved this place! Huge variety and so much candy. :)
4	I'm a major FRO-YO fan and had been meaning to try this tucked away little gem for quite a while now and believe me, I am SO GLAD that I did. Stopped in last week with my sons after hitting up the Skechers store for some new kicks. I have to say I am so sorry that it's taken me so long to try this place out. Of all the FRO-YO places I've tried, this is hands down--THE BEST! So why not a 5-star rating? What I didn't like: *They don't do school fundraisers. According to the guy working the counter, the owner doesn't want the hassle. That's too bad because with this little gem in a tucked away corner of Westgate, school fundraisers would be a great way to get the word out about the business and help the community at the same time. *According to front counter guy, they also don't have a frequent guest punch card or anything to encourage loyalty. What I liked:*They DO use YELP to give discounts and if you are a Facebook Fan of theirs, they have all sorts of discounts as well. Use the "check-in" features on Yelp's mobile app and get your discounts or mention the FB discounts and you're golden.*Awesome selection of FRO-YO. I had Carmel Pecan and Peanut Butter. OMG they were to die for. If I could have put my mouth under the spiget of Carmel Pecan, that would have been an excellent way to die. My boy had the mixed berry sorbet and he just loved it. *Excellent selection of toppings. From nuts to berries, candy to Trix cereal, there is something for every pallet to top your FRO-YO. *Fun decor. One wall is actually textured to look like ocean waves. The furniture is comfy and modern. *Nice staff. While I was sad about the school fundraiser and loyalty answers, the counter guy was polite, friendly, courteous and thanked me three times for stopping in.So, if you are all about helping local businesses like I am...hit up Ocean Blue. I'm going tomorrow so maybe I'll see you there!
3	I liked the selection offered at this self-service yogurt shop.  Some pretty cool flavors that I have not seen at other shops of this genre.  Prices were reasonable and be sure to do a Yelp check-in to get a discount!  Very cool that they offer this!No down-side to this place that I could see.  Seating is a bit limited given the volume of customers that can swarm before and after games.
4	For a while Ocean Blue had groupons all the time so for a few weeks we would come in and get yogurt, we're now addicted. I often hear "let's go get blue" which is code for grab your shoes we're getting yogurt! I love that they have yogurt made with stevia, although not often enough (I did not like the coffee flavored one fyi). I love the fresh fruit and if that went away I probably would too. I love that I'm able to try all the flavors before making a decision although I never have to think twice when they have cake batter.All in all the service is always good. They're really just bored teenagers wishing they weren't working on a Friday night. My only complaint is the soda machine is always broken. Please fix that!
5	I love this place. Its always clean and the flavors change often. I like that they use fresh fruit too. Its a bonus that when you check in on yelp you get an extra 20% off of your purchase. We have become regulars here.
2	Pretty small selection and not very clean.
1	This place has really gone down hill. The store is always dirty, the staff is lazy, the booths are all tore up and everything just looks a mess. The toppings are all gooey and caked together like they are old or were melted and then cooled again. I watched an employee refill the topping bar and they just dumped more toppings on top of the old. They did not change tubs or even clean the old one. I cant even imagine the cleanliness of the yogurt machines. I wonder when the last time the health department was here. I will not be back here. I'm afraid I might get sick.
