5	Sonoran Foothills Pet Clinic is great!  Dr. Grossman is very nice and wonderful with our two dogs.  This is a nice, clean, new office and everyone who works here is incredibly helpful.
5	I have been bringing my dog Reggie here for about 4 years now I will not take him anywhere else now even though he pees himself everytime he realizes where he is at. Dr. Grossman and his staff are the best.
5	Ihave been bringing my cat Squishee here for a year or two now and I have to say, I am always impressed with Dr. Grossman's knowledge and his mild, calm demeanor when handling my Squishee kitty! Squishee is 16 years old and the staff always make a big to do about his arrival and treat him so good! I am getting ready to take my other ca, much younger, named Basil to him for his first annual with Dr. Grossman. I definitely trust this clinic's opinions and values when it comes to my pet's well being. 5 STARS!!!
5	I have enjoyed bringing my dog-child to Dr. Grossman. The staff is friendly and they have appointments that are convenient  (afternoons/weekends) which both add up my satisfaction. Not expensive compared to other vets in the area.
5	Having 2 dogs and 3 cats it seems we are going to the vet often. Dr Grossman is knowledgable and gentle. He explains everything in detail to us and always takes a special interest in our "babies". His staff is wonderful. Anyone who has pets will not be disappointed.
5	Having moved to Phoenix with my cat Riley who had cancer I knew I had to find a top notch vet that cares.  I found Dr. Grossman on Yelp to help me as my cat's final days neared.  He was so helpful, kind, and there for me during a very difficult time taking my calls over weeks of needing advice.  He made us feel at home and his staff totally rocks.  After my cat passed they were so kind to send a sympathy card in the mail.  Since then we brought him our new puppy Ben and they treated us like family once again.  BEST VET EVER!Matt and Jason
5	Reviews are dead on. Will be taking our pets here from now on.
5	Went in today because of the Yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed. The staff is very friendly and they were extremely careful and gentle with our cats, and even though one of them got a shot, he didn't fuss or appear to be too panicked over it. Will happily take my animals back here again as needed.
5	Just moved to the area and wasn't sure if I'd find a good place for my dogs.  I would recommend this place to any pet owner - very friendly and reasonable priced
5	I've been taking my dog here since we got him in 2012 and can't believe I haven't yet written a review in support of Dr. Grossman and his staff.Dr. Grossman is a wonderful, knowledgeable vet and has helpful and friendly staff who take great care of our dog.  I had to call them today since my poor puppy was having stomach troubles and despite being booked up for the day, they were able to squeeze me in to get my dog the medicine he needed.  We will keep going back.
