3	If I ever hit the *Mega Bucks* jackpot - this is where I am coming....No, not the Ferrari clothes shop,the auto showroom.......At first, this dealership seemed to me to be over the top, even for Steve Wynn, when I first saw the display adjacent to the Poker room of the Wynn.But it is actually an entertaining stop for people when visiting Las Vegas. I finally paid the 10.00 cover charge to go into the show room to see the cars up close and personal. Most of the time you can see Steve Wynn's Enzo Ferrari on display along with several other awsome automobiles. You get to feel the lifestyle of the rich and famous up close and personal for a few minutes ...... ........... and that is the allure of Las Vegas.
3	If you've got a SLR and a 300mm zooms lens, there's no need to pay for the cover:)  They only display like 5-7 cars and its too bad you can't sit inside the car, haha.  i know i know....asking too much.
3	My boyfriend wanted to check this place out, so I tagged along. There is a nice selection of cars here. Too bad that all we can do was dream about having one!
4	Husband reports it's well worth it !!  Guess it must be , several rouge gentlemen were attempting to take pics which are most assuredly not allowed. Fun to watch the Ferrari  fans get all worked up about the machines.   Husband loved it , I enjoyed it , you go try it !
1	since i travel a lot to rodeo drive, ferrari isn't a mind blowing sight, and yes i'm one of those idiots who actually pay $10 just to see ferrari from outside.my expectation was to see the interior of maserati and ferrari, turns out not. if its just exterior, i see it almost every day in my apartment's parking garage. mehhh
5	I visit this place every time I'm in Vegas! A lot of people frown at the idea of paying $10 just to look at a whole bunch of cars that they can't afford but, C'mon, most of us go to our local yearly car shows. Same difference. Make sure to go down to the bottom level of the dealership. There are a lot more cars down there. And you can get your picture taken in a Ferrari.At least if you take your ticket into the Ferrari Store they will take $10 off a purchase of $100 or more so it's basically free if your going to buy something in the store.I saw some great deals when I was there. Hooded jackets that retail for $200 on sale for $60. Key chains that retail for $150 for $25. Cologne gift sets with 3.4 oz bottles of cologne and model Ferrari's for $65 . Exotic cars are like beautiful women, I could look at them all day without getting bored. If you love cars as much as I do I highly recommend it!
2	Pathetic. $10 just to view Ferraris that are roped off?  They could have done this in a more friendly way, perhaps at least allowing some reasonable viewing from the outside and through the glass.  The Ferrari dealer here in AZ has about the same selection and you can get as close to you want and browse on Sundays when the salesmen are not there.  What a disappointment!
3	I decided to stop by here to look into putting an order for a Ferrari. Of course, they insisted I pay the $10 admission first - no problem - I am sure they'll credit it back to me as part of the down payment.  The biggest issue that I had was that everything was roped off, so I could not get a good look at the price stickers. WTH! I still need to know how much to write the check for!  Instead, all you can see are the mileage numbers - 11 mpg city, 15 mpg highway. Next question - was the mpg highway calculated at 65 mph or 165 mph?  I think a Ferrari would get better mileage at 165.So I was thrilled to see the car I wanted (Ferrari Scuderia in red) listed for only $215,000 albeit used.  But hey, it only had like 3000 miles on it and it beats paying $330,000 for a new one.  It was in the budget range of what I had been saving up for - I only needed to come up with $214,000.  Slot machines, here I come!The downstairs showroom had more cars, but definitely not their cream of the crop.  Unless you count NASCAR models.  850 hp and stickers for headlights?!? How the hell am I gonna drive that at night???? And they have Porsche 911 Turbos pre-owned for sale.  Why would I pay $120K for a used 911 turbo when I can get a new one for $150K.  I'll take my $1000 down payment elsewhere, thank you.PS - they told us that we couldn't take any photos of any of the cars on display.  I found a loophole around that! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d0K97p5aQMWgA3x2mQBMSA?select=FiATiPgGi-OlaI1CZr2Svw
4	Disclaimer: It's not that big. For two floors, they have really good selection. Downstairs is more like a large showroom garage, and there's a ferrari you can take pictures in. You're not allowed to take pictures yourself as you pay for those, but this is something fun and yet not so packed if you still want to do a touristy thing.
5	Thanks to Lamborghini of Las Vegas (this is a not accurate when they are based in Henderson!) I sold my 2010 Lamborghini 560-4 Spyder to a Lambo dealer in CA and I will never own another Lambo.  Terrible and arrogant sales manager basically laughed at me when I called him about a trade difference on a new Aventador LP-700 saying there was no market for my car and he did not have any Aventadors unless I paid him $80,000 over the already absurd list price of $400,000 range.  I own a new Ferrari California I bought from the Penske-Wynn Las Vegas dealer and Tony  the sales person and Rich the service manager are beyond awesome, opposite of these jerks.  Also the Ferrari is far superior compared to the Lambo with better dual clutch transmission, far nicer interior, vastly superior technology in the GPS, monitoring LCDS and far superior sound system plus a hard top conv for about the same price as my prior Lambo.  I will never sell or trade my Ferrari California but when I decide to buy another amazing sports car it will be a new Ferrari when they come out with a new model to blow away the Aventador!Wayne Gorsek
1	I cried there!;(I wanted to see what i could get if i traded my oldsmobile and they laughed!
1	I understand a dealership like this being a bit snooty.  After all, the average person who wants to come in here can't afford anything in the showroom.  I actually can.  And I drove there to look at a Maserati, which I was prepared to buy.  First, it took me 10 minutes to even get into the place - because the lazy assed girls working there didn't want to open the doors.  Then, I finally got the salesman to show up.  I was there to see a Maserati Quattroporte.  It was a used one, and it was only $90,000.  I looked at it, and said "ok, lets go for a test drive."  Meanwhile, they had my Mercedes S65 AMG sitting outside.  "sir, we do not do test drives here."  I can see having that view on a brand new car.  But, did this guy think I was going to come to his dealership just to screw off on a test drive?  If so, why would I pick the 2010 maserati and not something a little more exotic?  Honestly, the place might have its virtues, but I didn't like the attitude of the place.
1	Not worth it. Just a handful of cars. The 10 dollars to keep the riff raff out makes no sense. You are kept quite far from the few cars they have. Any car show would be more entertaining. Really disappointed. Some Ferrari mechanic outfits, other memorabilia and maybe a video or two would do.
5	Cool Place to check out some Great cars! Just wish I could drive them.
3	this is more of a dealership more than a museum.  Nothing exciting here at all so unless you are a car fanatic or came in to actually buy a car you will most likely find this a complete waste of money.
1	Very unfriendly people.  It definitely changed my view of dealing with them, even if I was in the market to purchase a Ferrari. I did not get the point of their having an entry fee to a DEALERSHIP!! But, I expected to see a lot more than what I saw.  It was definitely not even worth $5.  AND, you couldn't even touch the cars there, sit inside or anything else.  You're better off surfing the web to see the inside of these cars.  If you are buying a Ferrari, they are not the ones to go to anyways.
1	It was more like a small ferrari/Maserati dealership - the only info on the plaques were mileage and vehicle add-ons, etc. There were probably 15-20 cars available to see. No pics - super lame. The only person who talked to us was someone trying to get us to take a souvenir pic - for purchase of course.  It would've been nice if someone was there to provide some sort of historical perspective or some type of info.  I shoulda bought gelato instead.
1	No pictures allowed.I will never buy a Ferrari or Maserati from here. If I wanted to just look at them, I could just go to any parking lot in my hometown instead of paying $10
3	Good Store,nice Selection,Nice Staff
4	I come here every time I go to Vegas. While the rest of the family is out shopping, I come here, show them my key, and my passengers and I get to walk around in the showroom for free. I would not pay $10 to enter such a small showroom, and I do hate that we cannot take pictures in here.
2	$10 to see Ferraris!But they're all automatics. And almost all 458s. There was 1 each of the FF and California, and 2 F430s, one of which was relegated to photo duty (poor thing). Don't worry, there are a ton of Maserati Ghiblis strewn about to catch your attention for about 0.5 seconds each.Here's a list of what you may come to see, but they don't have:Enzo599F12612575456F50F40etc. (everything built before 2009)Terribly disappointing. I was here years ago and saw an FXX in the flesh.  They do have some interesting non-Ferraris (Z8, split window Vette, Penske's Indy 500 winner), but that's not what you're here for. Next time, I'll ask if they have anything remotely interesting before paying.
5	The best place to the country to have you Ferrari services. All the service guys are awesome. They are honest and they do a good job. I bring my car here from California for service. I'm not the only guy that does that. There is a reason.
5	Given my love for cars it's not surprising that the best part of my stay in Vegas was visiting the Penske Wynn Ferrari dealer. I'm a big Ferrari fan so I was more than happy to pay the entry fee in order to get to see the cars. Not only did I get to see my favorite 458 Spider and many other works of art; I was given the opportunity to learn more about them from Mike, one of the sales consultants. He was extremely knowledgeable and friendly and took my visit to a whole new level by telling me about his experiences at the exotic car race track and by allowing me to sit in one of the Ferrari's. I can't say enough how much I appreciated the dealerships care for the cars, and for Mike's genuine enthusiasm. The grin plastered on my face for the rest of the trip pretty much sums up my experience. The dealership is a must visit. I can't wait for the LaFerrari next month!
2	This is a review for the "showroom tour", not for the dealership services or maintenance. I don't own a Ferrari so I can't attest to any of that.Very disappointing. It's a $10 fee to walk in and look at the Ferraris, and they don't have anything truly exotic on display. Nothing older than 2002, certainly no FXX or F40, and not even a single F1 car on display from ANY era (remember, the only reason Ferrari starting making road cars was to finance their racing efforts). I remember seeing plenty of Californias, F430s, a few 360s (yawn), and several 458's. Plus, they had a few Porsche's in there, nothing exactly exotic - just a few 911's or Carreras, not even a GT3 let alone a GT2.I'd love to tell you exactly what they had and didn't have, but they won't let you take any pictures of any of it. It's ridiculous. I just wanted to take a few cell phone shots to show off what I'm looking at to my car nut friends. Don't try it or you get stuck with a $50,000 fine. Yeah, really, there is a big sign saying NO PHOTOGRAPHS followed by what kind of fine and prison time you'll have if you dare use your cell phone to snap a picture. It's insulting after paying $10 just to walk around a very plain, not so well lit showroom filled with used Ferraris that aren't exactly the top of the line models. I'm not asking to climb under the hood and take pictures of my face pressed against a V12. I just want to take some pictures of the cars with my cell phone.At the McLaren dealership in SF you climb in a brand new MP4-12C and then take pictures. Here, you can pay an additional $15 to climb into an older F430 with a green screen behind it. Then they change out the green screen for something like the Wynn hotel behind you, so I guess you can pretend that you drove up to the Wynn in a Ferrari and "Hey, don't believe how well I did in Vegas? Well, my dumb friends, look I have a picture to prove it! I'm in a Ferrari, I told you so!" It's blindingly tacky.Plus I still can't get over that there's a Honda Indycar and an older Corvette parked there but they couldn't get Ferrari HQ to send over a single one of their hundreds of F1 cars.The best part of this tour was the laminated badge you get to keep when you leave, which I guess is worth $10 because it says Ferrari on it and actually looks pretty nice. It also doesn't specifically say if you're a "visitor" or an "owner" so I guess you can take your visitor's badge and your $15 photo and convince your dumber friends back home about how good you did in Vegas.
1	This is a really cool place with a really bad problem...it's $10 per person to look at a couple of cars visible on any street corner in South Florida. I think it's pretty sad that one of the biggest car dealer corporations in the world opens one spot in Vegas and charges you for the privilege of coming inside. Makes me less likely to visit one if their establishments back home.Here's a tip. There's a little overpriced Ferrari gift shop next door. It has frosted windows that look into the dealership, but there are Ferrari symbols that you peer through and see everything. For free. Like any other car dealership on planet Earth.
3	Nice stuff but $10 to go into a car dealership?  No thanks.  You have to "prove" you own a Ferrari or a Maserati to see them for free.  How do you do that?  I run a car museum and yes, we own a Maserati.  But there was no way I was going to play the game and ask for permission to enter.  Since I don't own it personally, I'm sure it would have been an issue.  I have no interest in defending myself.
3	Ever since Magnum P.I. tv show with Tom Selleck I've admired Ferraris.At the Wynn hotel and casino, there's a Ferrari showroom.  Pay $10 admission.  You'll get a lanyard with the Ferrari name and a souvenir ticket.  It's a onetime entrance only.  No in and out privileges.  New Ferraris and Maseratis cars on the street level.  Go downstairs to the basement and see used cars for sale.  If you so desire, they can contact a sales person for you.  Downstairs you can also sit in a red Ferrari and have your picture taken.  Souvenir photos for sale.   We passed.Later as you exit, you'll enter a gift shop.  Just like at an amusement park.
5	The best Ferrari dealership I've been to. Brilliant selection and world class professionalism. Worked with Michael Shiffman to purchase a 2009 16M and have nothing but great things to say. For those complaining about the $10 entry fee, you need to understand their dealership is in the middle of a Casino. Without this fee, they would have a flood of drunk people stumbling in and tripping over the vehicles. They had 30+ vehicles including several Indy cars, and a La Ferrari. I'd pay $10 all day to walk through to see these marvels of technology.
5	My husband and I were thinking of buying a Maserati and thought we would check the showroom out at the Wynn  (we live in Las Vegas).  My first impression was the sales staff were a little "stuffy."  Our questions were answered with no pressure to sell us a car. I wasn't that impressed.  Since I am from Southern California we decided to check some dealers there that would offer some deals.  We did find a Maserati we liked in California but it sold before we could talk money.   Went back to Wynn and met with  sales Mike Shiffman.  Well, he went above and beyond to  help us find the Maserati we would be happy with at an incredible price.  There were some challenges but Mike went to bat for us and we ending up driving away with a  new Maserati.  The follow up to make sure we were enjoying our car has been incredible.  Looking forward to purchasing our next car from Penske Wynn.
