2	Yeah, I eat at McDonald's. What of it? I am hooked on breakfast sandwiches, okay?  Leave me alone. I don't care if it's a $20 breakfast sandwich from room service or a $3 sandwich from McDonald's. Addicted.This particular McDonald's is in a gas station, which is pretty dope. And this is a good stop if you're headed to Lee Canyon for skiing.Fish tank!  There is one at this McDonald's. Say again, fish tank!
4	Been to this Mcdees many times. The food has always been fresh, hot, the service prompt and friendly. Clean restaurant and restrooms.
2	What a crappy slow drive thru in the mornings! Because there's 2 order screens, your order can easily get mixed up if stupid drivers cut in front of you.  Bad call McDonald's.  Food was slapped on.  But hey, that's why it's fast food.
4	Something is fishy about this McDonalds. That is all the fishes swimming in the awesome aquarium in the heart of the dining area. This is no ordinary aquarium. It is an aquatic garden. McDonalds made what would've been an ordinary McDonalds attached to a Chevron into a fun restaurant to dine in. Children seemed amazed by the fish. There are seats arranged around the aquarium, that offer closeup views. For guests who are drinking a beverage, there are more comfortable lounge seats that overlook the aquarium.   I was happy with the service, food, and overall experience.  BTW, I uploaded two pictures of the aquarium this businesses Yelp page.
1	Don't go here if you are in a rush.  The drive through is SO SO SO slow...... but if you do go, then make sure you check your order before driving off.  We routinely avoid this location and go out of our way to another one just because they always get your order wrong.  Without fail they will get your order wrong.  We have even called and told the manager several occasions and they give us a free meal which helps, I guess.  We dont' eat at Mcdonald's a lot but when we do my kids love the toys in the happy meals...... Yeah, well you need to check for those too cause they often times forget them.  It's so sad to get home and see your kid open his happy meal in excitemnt for the newest toy and BAM.  Nothing.  :(
2	The food is usually fresh. The only problem is they have some SALTY ass fries. It never fails, no matter what time or day I go they are always super salty. Hate it.
1	Do not go to this location!!!!! They charge you more compare to other location and give u repackage food!!  I order a southwest salad with grill chicken, got home ready to eat when I see that there are some other dressing on the salad and the veggie looked old, the grill chicken was cold.  I was so disgusted and have to throw it out.
3	95% of the time it's clean in here.  I like to eat in here from time to time. It's the second nicest McDonald's on this side of city.  Food is sometimes hot, I ALWAYS check my FOOD.  Make sure it's right before I leave.
