3	So, I don't ride exactly...I'm the backseat gal on my woman's motorcycle.  We brought her bike here for some TLC.  It was idling too high, needed a tire replaced, and it was leaking oil.  They had the bike for almost two weeks and we were both relieved to finally have it back...the day we picked it up was the day we had to bring it back, however, because on the way home it started spewing oil again (only this time worse than before) :( I was not happy, because that's my love on that bike and her safety is of great importance to me.  When we drove back up, the mechanic was right there waiting for us and was very apologetic.  It took about another week to fix it back up, but now it's running just fine.
5	So its getting late on a Saturday and I'm elbow deep into working on my hot rod, and needed some unique parts for the brake system.   I live in Cave Creek, and no real hot rod shops up there for parts anyway.  So I drive 30 minutes down to Ramjet Racing.    I'm 10 minutes late for the hot rod shop.. they are closed.. bummer!   But wait!  The guys in the motorcycle shop are still there, and not only did welcome my being there, but one of the guys went over and reopened the hot rod shop and I was able to buy my parts!   That's the kind of customer service we need more of!   You guys deserve a shout out for doing a great job!   Thank you!Phil
3	I wanted to love this shop. I am a female motorcycle rider and it is important for me to find a place where I don't feel patronized or like I am getting royally screwed over.First, this place is a great place to get parts. I would highly recommend them for that and this is why they get 3 versus 2 stars.I had my bike towed there to get fixed due to a motor vehicle accident. So while I had to pay a deductible, insurance was covering this and they would agree or not to the repairs that needed to be done so no chance to gouge (not suggesting that they would because I never went to them previously).I had to wait for parts to come from Harley and it was explained to me that this would take some time. Understood. This part is out of their hands. But there was something else I wanted checked and they would kind of talk around it until finally one day I asked the manager to explain why this wasn't being addressed.He went on to explain (in a weird confusing way) that basically, if we take your bike apart to check  what that sound is, you will have to pay for that each time we have to take components apart. I asked if like with others places the labor would be applied to  the actual fixing of whatever is wrong and basically he said that it was an additional charge. So if they suck and can't figure out what it is quickly, I have to pay for that ineptitude? Don't think so. (Note: that's not me stating that they suck but I don't know how good or bad their mechanics are). Next and this is what soured me on the whole experience, once all repairs were supposedly done, I found 3 areas that they did not check and should have since the bike was in an accident: steering lock (which he agreed was overlooked), front fender was clearly bent (your guys didn't see this when replacing my front tire that you made sure to call me about and upsell/suggest and was NOT included in the high deductible I had to shell out?), My mirror wouldn't stay straight (this he told me I would have to call my insurance MYSELF and ask if it should be repaired despite the fact that I told him it was not broken before the accident). So I took it to Buddy Stubbs up the road. I will provide that review on their page but it was a much different, more positive experience.Pros:* Respectful, not condescending* Great place to buy parts* Reasonable ratesCons:* Needs to be more customer-service oriented* Fix it right the first time and be more thorough* An apology when service is lacking goes a really long way
5	They are well stocked, friendly and a pleasure to deal with.  We mainly deal with Sleeves, because he is very knowledgeable and makes sure you go home with the right parts.  One late Friday afternoon they did not have the one tiny part I needed. We had already checked with the dealership down the road, who said they didn't have it in stock.  Strangely enough, when Sleeves called them they happened to have it on hand!  Saved us a lot of time and frustration!
5	My Husband and I have been in Phoenix ONE year now.... We were lucky enough to find this shop as soon as we arrived... From day one, I have been greeted graciously and they have gone above and beyond to help me in every way... Yes, they are busy at times and you have to wait... Oh,,, that might be all the time.... However, the reason they are busy is because they are very good at what they do,,, If they can't get a part to you by the next day, they will tell you where you can get it.... They explain things to you in detail... (When asked...)   and there was a time when I needed a part but they were closed for remodeling that day,,, YES, I could have gone across the street to Harley and paid more for this item.... Instead... an employee went inside, got my part and told me to come back the next day and pay!!!!! Yipppeeee... I came back the next day and Paid... As Instructed.... That was the clencher... They didn't have to do that... They barely knew me,,,, BUT,, They DID and I am a CUSTOMER for LIFE!!!!!
4	Im a fan! Josh in parts was very knowledgeable and cool to speak with.Good selection of parts and a nice showroom.I would give them a 5 star but have not used their service yet on my bike but I will tell you I feel very confident it will be the same great experience! Good job guys finally found a bike shop I can trust!
