4	Three words: SIN FREE FOOD.  Deli and grocery, plus they cater.  I review from the perspective of a meat-eating dessertaholic, although I enjoy great vegetarian food and try to limit meat to a couple meals a week.  They do sell some meat, but most sandwiches in the deli are great and meatless.  Wonderful, beautiful, delicious, locally-grown organic produce.  They also carry eco-friendly cleaning products.  It's like a tiny Whole Foods, only better.
4	Now that I've lived in Chicago I can compare this place to a Whole Foods except Strawberry Field's has better prices! The food here is Organic and very healthy for you! They have a great little cafe where you can order many of their foods, including salads and soups!  This place is small but it has a lot of what you might need!
3	the deli is ok for lunch or if you want to pick up a quick dinner to go.  but everytime i'm here for groceries, i just wish for one thing: A Whole Foods in Champaign.
4	I ate at the deli for lunch yesterday and then did a little bulk foods shopping.  The deli was great...I ordered a triangle of Cheese Lasagna and a Veggie Stick (a vertical slice of summer squash with sliced tomato, herbs and melted cheese).  It was served to me cold (after all it is a deli) but lo and behold...there was a microwave right around the corner, so I just nuked it for a few seconds.  Very economical and great, fresh food.    I am impressed with the amount of bulk food items they have available.  A lot of bulk loose tea varieties.
4	What I love about Strawberry Fields is that it is away from the hustle and bustle of campustown. So, this is a great place to relax and catch up with homework. I love their sandwiches and their gazpacho soup was excellent. This is the only place I know where they have spicy English mustard on their sandwiches. It gives just the right amount of kick. Yum . . . The portions are just nice as well, so you don't overeat. Plus, it's organic, healthy and affordable. What more can you ask? =)
5	the original was a food co-op; started in the 1960's for the enlightened who wanted organic, unprocessed whole food....what a concept!(btw...did you know the average american eats 10 lbs. of food additives per year? and collectively, our households dump about a million tons - 70% of the total - of non-biodegradable pollutants into the water & air; think laundry detergents, shampoo, soaps, cleansers, fabric softeners, household cleaners, aerosols, exhaust...)anyway...today's strawberry fields is just as cool - lots of fresh veggies, yummy seeded breads (and other breads), home-made soups...yum! i had some emergency surgery at Carle 3 years ago, and my son brought me strawberry fields home-made veggie soup & seeded bread to help speed my recovery after i got out... not that you have to be sick to enjoy this food...lol!...now with the added benefit of the healthy meals section where you can get smoothies, soups, sandwiches, salads & all manner of healthy stuff to eat & drink, sit & chat - inside or out in clement weather. a great place to meet friends, chat, & have a bite."strawberry fields forever..."  (move over Wild Oats & Whole Foods)
3	I do most of my shopping at Common Ground or the Farmer's Market, but I like to supplement at Strawberry Fields. The latter two are a much better way of getting fresh local produce, bread, meat, and dairy products. However, SF has things you just can't get anywhere else. SF wins for things like flax seed oil, live apple cider vinegar, wild salmon, elk, and supplements. It's also the place to buy prepared foods, mixes, frozen dinners, gluten-free items, and junk food. Yes, for a health food store Strawberry Fields has a remarkable amount of deliciously flavored snacks.Edit: Boo for closing their cafe. I was looking forward to it when they announced they were going to renovate the cafe, but then they decided to close it and put in more...vitamins and prepackaged goo. People, vitamins are largely a scam, a best they prevent major malnutrition, but they won't optimize your health the way REAL food can.  True health comes from the produce section, not bottles, I'll be doing less shopping here.  Prepackaged sandwiches are gross.However, in some ways I sympathize. Health codes here are horrendously strict. They already had to redo their kitchen because a drain was in the "wrong" place. Urbana probably needs to reconsider some of its draconian taxes and laws if it wants good eateries.
4	In a town infested with Walmarts, strip malls and giant supermarkets, it's nice to know that there are a few alternatives for your grocery shopping. Strawberry Fields is one of them: kudos! The store isn't particularly big, nor is the selection very impressive (but then again I just moved here from NYC!). Still, they carry a lot of fairly common health food brands (as well as household products), and have a limited selection of organic produce. What's more impressive is their selection of supplements, vitamins, herbs etc... which occupies almost a third of the store. There's also a small coffee shop with pretty good pastries. This morning, they had a chamber music band playing in the store... pretty cool!
2	EDIT: Schnuck's has recently begun carrying a full line of Full Circle organic products at much lower prices than the organic items at Strawberry Fields.  For anyone who shops at SF because of their organic selections, give Schunck's a try.  I've been very impressed with the prices, selection, and quality of the Full Circle products.If you're looking for more specialty items not likely to be found at Schnucks, try the Co-Op before you go to SF.  The Co-Op has many of the same items at much better prices.***This was my favorite lunch place before their ill-conceived idea to close the cafe.  I used to be a regular who went in 2-3 times a week for lunch.  Since their wonderful cafe closed, I think I've been in twice, and the only reason is because I can't find unsweetened dried cherries anywhere else in town.  The minute I do, my Strawberry Fields days will be over.I think they made a huge mistake in closing the cafe, and their lame attempt to reincarnate a few cafe favorites at the tiny coffee counter is just not cutting it.  I do think that they could make a fortune if they put together a cookbook with their cafe recipes. They could even do product tie-ins and sell pre-packaged kits for some of the cafe items.  I'd pay good money for that, and, short of reopening the cafe, it's the one thing that could get me to start shopping here again.
4	did you know paul newman made chocolate, bless his soul?  the crispy rice milk chocolate is oh so comfortingly delicious i almost wanted to join mr. newman in his heavenly resting place.  and i discovered his chocolate at strawberry fields.sure, the market is overpriced.  but its a fun window shopping grocery experience and a place to pick up overpriced treats when you feel the need to self-medicate.  SF is a part on my sunday morning ritual - if there's one splurge in my day to day life here in urbana its enjoying delicious oberweiss dairy milk, and i pick it up every sunday at SF.  its walking distance from my apartment and the service is always super friendly, even when the register takes half an hour to process your credit card information.  its a must visit if you live in the area, it should be above meijer in the i-book top ten!
4	Strawberry Fields is bougie as hell, it's as if Trader Joes, Bristol Farms, and Whole Foods had a love child and put it in a tiny upscale store in the middle of nowhere.So needless to say, I love it.I have fun browsing needlessly expensive organic chocolates, dried cranberries, or obscure imported rice products.  But what makes it better, is that this store actually carries Appletiser, my non-alcoholic beverage of choice from South Africa.  That's right, it's basically carbonated apple juice, but in a delicious, cold clear way that makes martinelli's weep with jealousy.  For that, I will cheesily say that I love Strawberry Fields.  Forever.
2	For grocery shopping, please respect yourself enough to go to the Common Ground Food Co-op.  There is absolutely NO REASON for you to spend ten dollars on a bag of rice or even more on things like toothpaste or deodorant.  From reading the other reviews posted here I can see I'm not the only one who has noticed the insane pricing at Strawberry Fields, but if price isn't a concern for you--can I have some money?--read on for the good stuff.Strawberry Fields has an excellent lunch counter.  Even when I stayed across town in Champaign I would often take a 30 minute walk across campus and Urbana just to have some of their "Grapes Get the Blues" pasta salad.  Other ambrosia from the Fields include their artichoke anything and their soups which go very well with their baked-fresh-daily bread.
4	They have Dagoba hot chocolate mix.  In several flavors.  I will give you mad props, Strawberry Fields....I didn't even know that existed.  I'd only had the Dagoba chocolate bars before (heaven!), so this was a thrilling new development.If you want freshly baked, nummy seeded loaves of bread, bulk Rishi tea, quinoa, dried mango slices, fancy schmancy cheeses, and otherwise hard-to-find-in-central-IL-things, this is your place.  Also, they have live music on Saturday mornings in their cafe (and frankly, when you're spending this much money on groceries, is a little swankiness like live music too much to ask?).
1	One star for the selection of supplements.As a former Urbana resident I was taken aback by what I found when I stopped in for Synergy Kombucha.The service was terrible, the young "lady" that sits behind the counter in the supplement area is bitchy, yeah, the one with long dark hair....The cashier was half asleep and way hung over. He did cruise me though and that would have been nice if he didn't smell like a bar from the night before.The bakery people looked at me like I was crazy when I asked if there were any of my old favorite Blueberry scones...the guy scoffed and said they made them only on Mondays.I know times and places change.....Strawberry Fields of the old days it is not. But they really missed the mark when they tried to re-vamp the store.Im happy to see that there are many places to buy Synergy Kombucha in CU. And, local stores are carrying good organic and socially conscious items that could only be found at Strawberry Fields in the past.I would think the current owners/managers of Strawberry Fields would realize that people now have a choice in CU, so good customer service and reasonable prices speak loudly when choosing a business to deal with. My parents actually now go all the way to Arthur for better prices and great customer service. And order their NutraSea fish oil online at Bodybuilding.com for half the price with no attitude.After reading the other reviews, I'll be checking out Common Ground on my next visit to CU.As I close I wonder if their apparent arrogance, lack of good will and concern for the CU community, will allow them to read their reviews on Yelp....
3	Quality:  Good stuff.  You can find a lot of organic and/or naturally grown produce and other products you wouldn't be able to find at most other grocery markets.Price:  I would say between moderate and pricey, but moreso towards the pricey end of the spectrum.  Many believe you pay much more than you get, and I can't say that I disagree... I definitely wouldn't shop here on a regular basis... just for the odd ingredient here and there.Misc:  They have a nice bakery in the store to get freshly baked breads, pastries, etc. that go well with the wide selection of cheeses if you're looking to impress with an evening of wine and cheese =POverall:  As I mentioned before, it was interesting to stroll up and down the aisles to see what goodies Strawberry Fields had, but many of their items I found to be a bit too pricey for my taste, making it impractical to shop here.  As an underpaid, cheap college-student, I opt for the generic branded, mass-produced, over-processed foods found at the local grocery store chain =D
4	When I moved down here from Chicago I knew there would be no Whole Foods to supplement my eating habits so I was excited to hear about Strawberry Fields and all their wonderful vegetarian/vegan friendly options. Well, these people must not have ever been to Whole Foods because let me tell you... I have been spoiled... and was a bit disappointed in the selection at Strawberry Fields. The had the Tofutti products I was looking for but only frozen Gardein products. (I'm a veggie protein junky.) Their selection of organic fruits and veggies is small but very fresh. They have amazing vegan and non-vegan desserts available, as well. The place is clean, the staff has been friendly and even asked me if they could order a box of what I wanted... but there was no way I could eat a whole box before they went bad... but its the thought that counts and I appreciated it.This place has nowhere near the selection of Whole Foods but compared to everywhere else here in C-U, I was quite impressed and am thankful for its existence.
2	When my husband and I were researching our move to Champaign, I was excited to see a bit of a veggie presence in Strawberry Fields.  However, after visiting the store, I'm not sure I feel so reassured!  The prices are some of the highest I have ever seen for vegetarian foods, especially considering lots of other grocery stores in the area carry the same things!  While they do have some veggie essentials, most of them can be found at County Market, Meijer etc, or if not there, cheaper at Common Ground.
4	I'm torn, because while the selection is very good for the size of the store (and demand of the population), the prices are higher than what I'm used to seeing at places like Whole Foods. Still, you're likely to find what you need and the employees are always friendly & helpful.  They'll even try to point you to the right (other) store if they don't have what you're after. The best part: nearly a full wall of bulk tea!  LOVE!
3	Stock items on the shelves are pricey, I pretty much come here exclusively for the fresh-baked bread. You can get a still warm-to-the-touch baguette for $1.45.
3	Let me sum up this place with one anecdote: I go in for a cup of coffee every day.  I am charged a different amount depending on who is at the register and at least once a week someone will ask me if I want to put my cup of coffee in a bag.  No. I do not.
2	I always pass by Strawberry Fields going to a nice Urbana restaurant or Schnucks, but I've only been inside a handful of times in over 5 years being in the area. Every time I go in, I never come out with anything because it's simply priced too high. It's not economical for a lot of people to purchase daily/weekly needs from this store.The selection of times is vast and it even has an extensive health food section which I didn't expect. However, due to my recent love affair with fresh baked breads, I decided to purchase a baguette from its bakery to see if I like it. The baguette was big and it only costed $2.45. I thought it would taste pretty good since it was fresh baked and all, but I was pretty disappointed after biting into a bland, thick and dry baguette. It was not crunchy but, rather, just very hard after I baked it. I needed to drink something while munching on it because it pulls all of the moisture out of my mouth and makes it hard to swallow. I tried eating it for the next few days with my boyfriend who also shared the same opinion on the bread and just ended up tossing half of it away. Not worth it even at just a few bucks.There are better places for fresh baked bread and more affordable places for organic foods.
2	ok, I still go in all the time, but the service is getting worse.  I know  this is very bourgeois, but when I'm at the coffee counter holding money, it means I want to give it to you in exchange for something.  Cleaning the espresso makers with a dreamy expression is what you do when you don't have a customer. Please. For the love of god, take my money and give me a coffee cup.
2	first they got rid of the lunch counter.  sigh.then they expanded the supplement area.  sigh.now they charge an enormous amount for things you can get less at the co-op, (which to be fair is expensive as well).... and even LESS online and have it delivered right to your door.  i do enjoy organic and natural foods.  i accept that, at this time in our country, they cost more.  however, i feel like i'm being physically bent over when i'm being charged nearly $7 for soy burgers i can buy at mejier for $4.50... or vitamins i can order online for $20 less a bottle.  (no joke)i want to shop local because i believe it's a great way to support your community and the small businessman.... but it has to be somewhat competitive.  i leave strawberry fields sometimes feeling like i've been victim to a shakedown.  i like the variety and if i need an ingredient on the fly, i'll go.  i don't make a point anymore though, because as a rule, i try not to spend more money on things if i don't have to.i will say this, though.  i do love their vegan baked goods.  they are awesome.  i will pay $3.25 for a vegan peanut butter brownie because they are a little piece of heaven.  other than that.... yeah.... not so much.
4	Batdorf and Bronson Coffee.. I get to be in an Olympia Wa, state of mind when I rock my Dancing Goat Blend.  Great Barista staff, the grocery side of things is of course very nice.  Only 4 stars because when I got the bbq tofu a month or so ago, it was a super salty mess....  I use to ride my bike from downtown Champaign to Strawberry Fields just for that back in the days, not sure I can try it again... very bad.
4	I go to Strawberry Fields once a week for particular items because they are absolutely the best in town. They have absolutely the best bread in U-C. Especially their baguettes are just the freshest and tastiest I have been able to find in this town. I also love their selection of coffee beans and chips. But I agree with other reviewers that you can find some of the products this store sells elsewhere for a better price, so I wouldn't do all of my groceries there.
4	I stop in here up to three days a week. Right now I'm on the run all the time and I come here for iced coffee and a vegan muffin before my morning classes at Parkland. If I'm in the mood for a vegan deli lunch, I might swing by before work to pick up something. My fiance and I come here together for a monthly cupcake and we love them so much that we're going to have a cake baked for our wedding day. While I do not do my primary grocery shopping here, this is the one place in town I can always count on having that obscure ingredient and the tea selection is to die for. We love the customer service here! Everyone is always in a laid-back, friendly mood and they remember us and what our favorite things are.
1	I went there only a few times, but had a really bad experience last time. I checked my receipt the next day and found out that  they over charged me because they scanned a wrong bin number for what I bought. So, I took my receipt and the product back to strawberry field and asked a refund. They swiped my credit card again and said that the refund will be on my credit card. One week has passed, but I still did not get the refund. I feel sorry for them that they want to be liars for only $6.00. By the way, one of the product I bought was expired and tasted really really bad. I did not keep the bag or the brand name. It was a seasoned nuts mix around $7.00. Will not buy from there anymore.
4	I never felt compelled to write a review for Strawberry Fields because I felt like it was such a Chambana staple it didn't need reviews.  But today I really feel I should commend them after an experience I had in the store today.I have been shopping at Strawberry Fields for years to pick up organic produce and a few vegetarian products I can't find elsewhere.  Even though they can be expensive, they have great products and plus it is a locally owned business.  They also have great vegan baked goods; I am not a vegan but you would never guess their cupcakes are vegan!  So delicious!Anyway, today I went in for a quick trip during my lunch break from work.  After I shopped and went to check out, the cashier told me their credit card machine was down.  I didn't have any cash so I asked how long it would be since I had to go back to work, and the cashier went to go ask.  When he came back, the man who I assume was the owner or perhaps manager said they would basically take an IOU.  Who does that?!  So they let me check out and printed a receipt, and my word that I would be back later to pay was enough for them.I go in there enough that they recognize me and know I will be back, but honestly, what business these days would take an IOU for a purchase that costs almost $50?!  So nice!I have always appreciated the quality of produce and variety of products available at Strawberry Fields, and now I love them even more.
3	Good selection of seeds, organic assortments and a cafe which kind of seems out of place. When I went the fresh baguette were only 1.99 a loaf. Although, most of the prices were crazy such as cranberry juice for 12 bucks and bags of chia seeds between 10 to 20 bucks a piece. Good place but I wish it was more affordable for a college kid such as myself. If it were cheaper more students would come and others who want to eat healthy would come more often.
3	This place has some of the best bread in urbanna at a pretty easy price per baguette.  If you want to go cheap come in early morning the next day and you can get the day old bread for a considerable discount.  The grocery items tend to be on the pricey end and are in some cases more expensive than what you would find at trader Joe's or whole foods. Staff is pretty friendly and I'm going to really miss this place!
