3	I had knee surgery, and done some investigating regarding the right doctor.  I knew I would have to have physical therapy and it just so happened that this doctor's office had a surgical center and a physical therapy center all in one location.  Now, I had seen Matt Smith physical therapy posted around town in various locations but payed little attention to it.  I have never had to have PT before now.  So my after care instructions given to me on surgical day included a post op call to arrange for PT.  I had been given a prescription for the treatment's, which is standard, however, my reading the doctors "writing" led me to believe I would have six weeks, three times a week.  I was not well informed about the length of time it would take for recovery by my Doctor,  he made it seem like a couple of days with crutches and a couple weeks and back to work, but had a feeling it would be six weeks after talking with others that had had the same surgery.When I arrived for the first appointment, I didn't know what to expect, I still had it wrapped snugly with ace wrap and my brace, I was using crutches and it was still pretty sore, after all it was just two days latter.  I had to complete a few pages of paper work, and it was hard to struggle back to a chair with the clip board, the papers and my crutches, but managed.My copay was zero and I had 60 visits covered.  I was called back to an exam type room, asked to sit on the table and soon someone came in to take off the brace, the ace wrap and the dressings.  She replaced the bulky dressing with a couple of single layered gauze pads and tape.  Then I had a therapist come in and after introductions, he evaluated my knee and made some suggestions for at home therapy, and he had an PT "tech" come in and start me on five therapies with written instructions that also had pictures. After about twenty minutes was told to make follow up appointments and was handed my brace, the ace wrap, a rubber band for my at home therapy and my crutches, I struggled out to the desk and made arrangements for the next two appointments.Overall, it was very lay ed back atmosphere, there were plenty of "techs" and they seemed a little less engaging, not sure if it was a new employee, or me being a new patient, we'll see what the next visit brings.
5	I have to admit, I had a good surgeon, and a good physical therapist, my knee is 200% and doing well.  I was surprise when my doctor gave me my discharge instructions and said I would start PT in two days, but I can now see the importance of starting quickly after surgery and sticking to it.I did the list of exercises daily even doing them twice on the day of therapy.  Once at home and once in the clinic.  I think that's why I got the full range of motion back quickly and it's doing well today.  I would recommend this place to anyone needing PT, they are friendly, knowledgeable about the exercises and do not lecture.
1	I was referred here by an Orthopedic specialist, and have lost respect for him for referring me here. The place is a total MILL...from the very first visit, all I have seen has been a couple of techs working on a room full of patients with poor form in everything they do. The techs set the patients up and show the excercises for one or two reps, then they leave the patient unattended to do three sets. I have yet to see a patient using proper form and no one cares. The actual PT does the required evaluations and supposedly "supervises" the techs...it's a TOTAL INSURANCE BILLING SCAM!!! Very poor quality of care; completely unethical!!
5	Ok so I read the reviews.  I wanted to go somewhere else closer to my house but my doctor is in the same building so they know his needs and wants, I only need a few weeks of therapy, so I went expecting the Mill as another reviewer put it.  I have now been there 3 times.  There is no wait for my appointment and I am out in a reasonable amount of time. The therapists and techs are more than competent and pleasant.  Actually I see patients that have been coming longer than I and they seem quite pleased with the care and personnel.  I am a health care provider and  see nothing wrong with their technique. Yes they are a busy practice with many stations for people to be at but all of the techs were on top of what I was doing. Actually they tag team quite well. I do not expect them to sit and watch me do my reps.  This is outpatient therapy. And I am quite pleased to come here.
5	The Curve location (215/Sunset off Post Rd) - Physical Therapist Steve Wondel and his entire team Mike, Angela, Gia and front desk professionals Trisha and Anita are welcoming, friendly and overall top notch.When you don't feel well, the upbeat environment and effective treatment plan make a HUGE difference.Thank you so much Steve and crew - you guys hit it out of the park!!! Nicely done.
5	I was surprised how well the staff worked.  Defiantly didn't feel like it was a "Mill". Friendly and pretty swift and efficient practice. I am very very very happy. My feet and Ankle feel allot better.
