5	We get the fastest, most friendly service here! We have frequented this chain in 4 other states and this is the best by far! The food is always fresh and I love that they use locally grown ingredients.
4	Yum! This place never disappoints. The food is always fresh, hot, and delicious. Some items are organic, some meats are not from animals raised on pesticides and other poisons...you get a choices at least. For me it's better to skip the tortilla and avoid the additional approx 200 calories and go with the Burrito Bowl. The taco's are good but not a good value when compared to the rest of the menu items (portion to price ratio).  Oh except for the crazy $1.80 price for a teaspoon sized portion of guacamole (I skip that too). Very good place to eat it's nice and quick.  The staff are friendly!
5	Fantastic!
3	Stopped in for a quick bite today to recharge.  Got a basic beef and cheese burrito with salsa and sour creme along with some black beans.  I probably would pass on the black beans next time, but they were good, just not the right taste for my burrito.  Given all the variety of how to make the burrito, really the end product is up to you!  I would not be so crazy as to call this healthy food, but it sure beats a greasy burger.  (What doesn't?)Anyways, worth a repeat.  The service was quick and alert.  The staff there was nice, and not zombified.  Well worth the visit!Enjoy!
4	Always busy at this location. The staff is friendly, polite, and helpful. Love when people make eye contact with me when I'm talking to them. I realize that's probably a little thing but it makes a big difference to me. This location is always clean, bright, and even the bathrooms are clean too.The food is good enough.  I usually get a salad and its pretty yum. The guacamole is worth the price of admission. All in all, a good go-to place for lunch! :) Wish they had a drive thru!
5	Love this place!! Most amazing fast food Mexican food ever!!
4	Great quick casual mexican chain that is consistently good no matter the time of day. I appreciate the brown rice option and the ability to always control exactly what goes in my burrito or bowl. The staff is always friendly and caters to all of the guests. Just wish that they had a whole wheat tortilla option!
5	I am addicted to Chipotle.  There I said it.  I previously reviewed Chipotle prior to truly understanding just how darn good this food is.  Five stars, I scream it from the top of the mountain!Folks that work here are always helpful and laid back friendly.  But very very efficient, professional and awesome!  ALSO, Check out the iPhone app they have now so you can pre-order EXACTLY what you want!  AWESOME.ENJOY!
4	Before we moved back to CA (the story of my life!)  we were here SO much they actually knew who we were, what we ate, how we ate it, and then we moved. :0(   Now that we are back, we have been a few times, they haven't remembered us yet. Boohoo...  But we are suckers for the chips!!  This location is easy to get it, parking is a lot better than it used to be and it is just worth the extra swearing waiting for a parking spot to open!  Be patient to those who havent eaten there before.  Remember the first time we were all confused!!  I hate seeing jerks in here being rude to newbies!  Just help them figure it out and we will all get through the lines!
4	Love the food here?  Back when I lived in Sacramento, CA this was lunch as most everyday.... Just as good here in Surprise, AZ.  Fresh meat, filling portions, everything seems so fresh and it could put you in a good food coma after eating 1 serving.  This is a great after the gym snack... Even has beer, chips if you crave that with your fresh food. I would eat here more often, but my better half is not into large, heaping, portions that will satisfy anyones hunger....
4	GREAT FOOD! I can stay on my diet! Fast service, you stand in line and they make the burrito or salad in front of you. Come before 12 noon, theres NEVER a line if we get there by 11:45!
4	great place friendly food has always been perfect.....
5	I love me some Chipotle. I have been to many locations around the country and this one is very good. The workers always look clean and are friendly. Food is fresh as it can be given the set-up and very tasty.
3	Busy Busy Busy!  Seems like everytime I go there is a line out the door.  Our entrees were good as usual, and I don't mind the wait.If  you don't like to wait in line to order your food, you might want to consider calling ahead to order and pick up your food.The location is usually very clean, loud either from the music or people talking, but there's also an outdoor area you can eat at.They have very good guacamole for a fast food place, and the tortilla chips have a lime-salt flavor that accompanies the guacamole really well.
5	Been here twice in the pat few weeks an I must say that I enjoyed it quite a lot. Very consistent in flavor and service.Better than almost every chipotle I have been to in the past few years.
4	Food is always good!
2	This review is solely on the service at this location.I tried the app for ordering from my phone. While I was placing the order, I received a phone call which switched some of my order choices, the main thing being the pickup time from 5:30 to 4:45.After the order was placed (paid with credit card), I tried to call the location to have this corrected but nobody answered the phone. I attempted to call 3-4 times but to no avail.When I arrived at 5:30 to pickup my food, I asked what their phone number was, someone pipes up "it's on the card" so I compared number and indeed I had dialed the correct number. Side note, I began to explain the checkout girl that the order was probably sitting for 45 minutes excuse of the incorrect time, she said "we made it no more than 15 minutes ago" does this mean I would have had to wait if I indeed ordered for the correct time?Either way, I definitely had to re-heat my food web I came home...Back to the phone number fiasco, I proceeded to dial the number in front of them but heard no ringing and nobody picked up. I tried again 5 minutes later and lo and behold they answered after 1 ring....Also note, when it's a busy time of day, every 15 orders the entire line gets held up so they can refill the selections. They work really slow and don't know how to get the line moving.P.s. Lately their chicken has been sub-par, lot's off fatty pieces that are inedible..
4	I really like Chipotle. I like how its just simple and fast. My favorite meat here is the Barbacoa. I was quite surprised that it was so tasty and tender. This is my choice of meat here. Everything on the line is pretty good from the rice and beans to the salsa and chips. Rice at this location is perfectly cooked not to hard and not too mushy. you can taste the cilantro and a hint of lime. I have heard at other locations from a friend that they have overcooked it or maybe put too much water in it and that sucks. But anyway what you do is just walk along the counter and tell them what you want and they put it in a burrito or bowl for you. Easy. So they ask you if you want chips at the end. The chips are so good they are lightly salted with I believe sea salt and they have the right crunch to them. I only go to Chipotle for Chipotle food. Once in a while I say hmmm I feel like Chipotle. When I want Mexican food then I go to real Mexican food place or my mother in law or any of my friends house. I do have a white friend that cooks like a Mexican too. Well anyway Chipotle is nice for fast tasty food on your lunch break or happen to be out and about. Yes I am a fan :)
3	Pretty simple. Food is OK not good not bad but OK. The line is insane........part of the schtick of chipotle. OK I get it. Now all is well except...the first line employee you get to was sweating profusely and pushing his glasses up and touching his sweaty face without changing his gloves...YIKES !!!!. Food and line is the same at all of the Chipotles. That 1 employee ruined the experience.....ugggh.
3	Odered a steak burrito it was pretty good, that's about as much as I can offer.
3	Having three orders and wanting to bring my food home, I decided to use the option of placing an order online. Upon completion, my order was said to be placed and ready for pickup at 6:00. When I got here at 6:00, I skipped the long, long, long line and headed up to the front cash register (this feels inherently wrong, but the site encourages you that this is the way pickup is done, and the line is to be skipped, why else wait throughout the ordering process?). The cashier notified me that she did not have any orders placed for pickup. In other words, despite receiving confirmation online, my order was not ready or even sent to the location.I had to recall my order from memory while the cashier jotted it down on a piece of paper and sent it to the front of the line to be made. I waited a total of 30 minutes for my order to be made. Yes, I was offered a drink and extra chips, and they discounted my price by maybe 30%, but I was definitely not expecting to wait 30 minutes for the long line to dissolve before they began making my order. Had I known, I would have just stood in line or left altogether (although, I was really craving Chipotle..). Bottom line is, do not rely on "pick up". Bring a confirmation with you, at least. Or you may just opt to stand in line. Would most likely be the quickest option.The cashier who helped me was very cosiderate - it was out of her control and you could tell she felt bad. Wish I would have gotten her name for reference. When she was trying to help me out, the manager seemed uninterested and offered a quick "yeah, sure" when she pressed him about discounting. I know this place gets busy, and I was by no means demanding a discount, just a bad situation altogether.
4	I'm in here at least 2 or 3 times a week.  One of my favorite places to eat on this side of town.  Besides it being super busy at times, its a great place to eat!
5	Great non gmo  food, after I hit the gym I don t feel bad going and eating their bowls. The staff is great, prices aren't too bad. Great fast food alternative for those who want to eat cleanGood job chipotle staff!!
5	I love this place yes its busy but they are fast!plus they give you alot of food and they have veggie plates which is aweaome!
5	This place is so great!  I have been coming to this location for about 6 yeasts now.  Same owner who is extremely nice but so are his employees.  Their food is always tasty and soooooo fresh.
1	I am very disappointed to be writing this review. I love Chipotle! However, this one in Surprise Arizona, is the worst one that I have been to, and I have been to a lot! I have been to this one at least 8 times to give them a fair shake.There has not been one good experience from this Chipotle. May it be from me ordering a Chicken bowl online, then to get home and there is no Chicken. Or I order a Chicken bowl and the Chicken is burnt to a crisp, not just seared or chard but burnt. Then there was the time that rice was still kinda wet, so it was more of a burrito soup bowl.  Or when the bowl makers glare at you when you ask for fajita veggies. That was a good one! The worst part is, when I go to this Chipotle, my bowl is always only about half full when they are done building it. I eat it all in one meal, and am still hungry. When I order a bowl at Chipotle in Peoria, Prescott, Salem Or, Covallis Or... etc... It is always, and I stress always two meals. This Chipotle is so bad, I will drive to Peoria all the way down Bell Rd to get Chipotle vs. Going to the one in Surprise, the customer service is always rude, rushing, don't smile, and don't conduct business how they should.
2	I looooove chipotle. I'm giving this location 2 stars because the staff is horrible. The line is always wrapped around the restaurant but there are normally less than 2 tables occupied. The staff is lazy and rude. Waited in line 30 minutes. Wish there was another one close to me.
2	I've eaten at Chipotle before I enjoy the place.... came in to Az to visit my son  we headed to chipotle to grab a bite to eat....the line was longgggg but moved rather quickly...I got a stake bowl ....the stake was awful very chewy and grisly I had to push the meat aside and eat the rest of the bowl....the chips were ok they were very very salty .....the customer service was good and kind even though I did feel a bit rushed to give my order by the bowl maker....
1	The line was extremely long, the food was cold & they really skimped on the meat & cheese in my daughter's kids taco kit. Very disappointed by this Chipotle.
1	Their service is the most slowest I've ever had. They fully staffed, but come on!! Get some more Mexicans in there to do the yob!  It's a bunch of white kids that's probably their first job and don't know customer service.....
5	The food here is always very fresh and consistent. The employees are very nice and put together the food orders very quickly which is nice when you are in a hurry. I've never had a bad experience here, I would recommend this location.
4	I watched a great documentary about Chipotle on Netflix recently. I never have this place a second look until then. I'm not a "burrito" fanatic, but after watching the documentary I was impressed by the quality and quantity of their ingredients. So I gave them a try. Saturday night, around 830pm. My GF and I rolled in and we were certainly not the only customers. It seemed that this was a go-to place got a lot of people at that time of night. I ordered a chicken burrito, dark rice, cheese, salsa, sour cream, and lettuce. The employees were not skimpy with the ingredients... that warm burrito was packed to capacity! Overall delicious! Very nice employees sealed the deal. I'll be back to try the steak next time.
4	Typical Chipotle experience, long lines, great food, humanely raised at a decent price. One of my favorite quick places to grab a bite to eat that I don't feel guilty over eating. I rated this particular Chipotle at a four star because their line moves incredibly slowly compared to other Chipotle's in the valley. Friendly group though and upbeat. The new sofritas are awesome.
4	Great food, fast service, no efficient organization on faxed orders or online ordering. Keep up the great work though!!
2	I actually love Chipotle, especially when they're "attempting" to phase out gmos. BUT this location needs to have more workers on the Fridays and Saturdays when it's late. It gets busy and feels like I'm iniatially being pushed by the workers to order fast, but then made to wait at the 'second' station, while they help the next people. I mean geesh, at least get a decent number of staff. The place is certainly getting enough extra money out of us.The one by my work is a lot more generous. The manager of this place can also be rude. I once went in unsure of what to order and decided I did not want anything as my boyfriend stood in line to get his own. The manager went from extremely helpful to suddenly offended and too important to notice us once I decided not to order. How childish. I used to go there all the time, he could have  remained courteous to regulars. But his flip flopping attitude isn't the whole problem.What I loathe is this location and a few others are price gouging for guacamole. I ALWAYS get the veggie bowl with guac at no charge. But this place is suddenly charging (while the one by my work isn't), so I definitely feel gipped. Especially, when I have no interest in their new Sofritas -which are meh. I feel like the new tofu option is just a way to justify the extra charge for veggie bowls and frankly, it's not adequate. I tried it and I go without it. To make this particular Chipotle seem even more stingy, they now claim they are "not supposed to"  give out a side of cilantro. Really! I just gave you the extra $1.59 and now the cilantro is suddenly valuable too!? Puh-leeze. But I'm sure they will charging for herbs soon. I will not go to this location anymore; I could ignore the manager but not the attempt to nickel and dime us for every bit of food-even freaking seasoning.
3	Typical of all Chipotle restaurants.  Parking is adequate, staff are friendly, restaurant surroundings not so clean - tables were dirty and the floor/rug around the soda machine was soaked without any accompanying sign indicating there was a wet floor (-1).  Bathroom facilities was clean.  Restaurant was a bit on the small side but I've noticed that with most of them.  Lines were long and to give you perspective of how small the place was, while you stood in line, you can literally be standing over people who're eating at their tables which was the case when we visited (-1).Seeing as it's the only one that I know of in town, I don't have much of a choice if I'm in the mood for Chipotle.
4	Good food, service ok.  Thought $1.95 extra for a tablespoon of guacamole was a little pricey!
1	Robert and Curtis, your location has a lot of opportunity today. Very poorly ran front line today.Need to come up with a better plan when you have large pickup orders also. Folks in line should not be subjected to a longer wait for them.
2	the restraunt was clean, great customer service, the reason why I gave it 2 stars was because while standing in line to order, the associate (Curtis) was working the register, taking money and cards, then he would rub his hands all over his face and his eyes, then ran his hands up and down the whole stack of regular cups!!! he did this 2 or three times while I was in line, I could not believe that. I would think someone working the register/cups would be more aware of what he is doing.
3	I mean who doesn't love chipotle? Yumm! It's always fresh and delicious. But since when does it cost just about $30 to eat "semi fast food" for two people? Craziness! It seems to be getting more expensive every time we visit. Funny thing is we are creatures of habit and always order the same thing. It's not about the food, and this particular location always has a huge line but good customer service, the problem is I'm starting to feel like I'm not getting what I'm expecting for my money. At these prices we might as well go to a nice sit down restaurant and be served.
1	I found a living bug in my food, and a roach under our table. Also the girl dishing rice scraped out the last of the rice in the pan which wasn't even a full serving but apparently it was too much work to add from the fresh rice, so I got jipped on rice. I guess it doesn't matter because I stopped eating when an insect crawled over my lettuce.
3	This Chipotle is always very busy. I usually order online and pick up my food; they always seem to forget SOMETHING in my order. I understand that it's busy, but when you have the order right in front of you on the screen, how hard is it to double check that what you have placed in the bag is accurate?
3	It's hard to go wrong with chipotle. The food always tastes great. Don't let them skimp you. Everything except meat and guac you can ask for more and there's no extra charge, so there's that tip. Anyway, the lines are always long but you usually get through it fairly quickly so I don't mind. Chipotle is always busy no matter the location. The service is kind of inconsistent. Sometimes, I'll deal with fantastic employees and other times not so good at all. Don't order online, because 2/3 times that I have they hadn't even started making it yet when I went at the pick up time and there were no apologies of the sort given. Also, sometimes the rice is severely undercooked and crunchy. Three stars for flavor, but that's pretty much it.
2	I went here several times. It's usually good. The service is usually good.BUT the reason I put 2 stars is because they need to learn how to train their workers better. I usually get workers that work well. However, today I ordered gauc and chips, barbacoa bowl, and a carnitas quesadilla... and the only items I received were the quac with NO chips and a barbacoa bowl. I think the workers were either new, untrained, or deaf. And the line also literally didn't move for about 10 minutes... two girls were working at the time.. I don't know there names, but they don't do there jobs well and need to find another one.
