3	I've shopped here often over the years and have always been satisfied with the products purchased or the return policy if I wasn't.  Lots of items to choose from and yet lots still unavailable that should be there.  Was in there recently to buy some new non-stick pans and asked a guy if they had individual pans of certain brands rather than just sets.  He disinterestedly showed me a few things that were already in plain sight and left it at that.  I saw a young lady helping another customer and asked her.  She showed me exactly where to find the items I was searching for (not in plain sight).  Headed towards the cashier and realized I'd left my store coupon home.  With 20% off on an $80 saute pan, it was a nice savings.  I told the cashier that I'd left my coupon home and she said I could buy my stuff and then come in another time with receipt and coupon and get a refund.  Okay, that's a decent deal, but I decided to pass on the purchase and went home instead to use an Amazon gift certificate I had to buy the same stuff online.  Bed Bath & Beyond saved themselves a $16 discount and lost a $190 sale.  I know, I know, it's my own fault for forgetting the coupon and they do have policy, but they send these coupons out to everyone through the mail to entice people to come and spend.  Here I was, willing to spend.  Guess I'm just being picky, but good customer service would say to make the sale and make the customer happy.
3	Came by here looking for a new medicine cabinet (being my bathroom is lacking one) as well as a new 10" saute' pan. The staff are virtually walking around like zombies and tend ignore you (unless of course you act like an extra on the Walking Dead, then I'm sure they'd hire you on the spot). Needless to say, I got my pan But with no joy on the cabinet. Also, those 20% off coupons you get in the mail help quite a bit in knocking your check out bill down.
3	Hey, at least it's way better than the Target!They have a really good selection on bedding, although they could use some more brightly colored/patterned/generally unique sheets.  And you can trust them to have almost any kitchen or cleaning implements that you could desire in stock.The girl checking us out had some serious trouble, and I'm still not convinced we got our full coupons' worth, but we did manage to provide an apartment of 20-year-old guys with all the homey things they don't know yet that they need!
3	Store review:All around dorm/home good store. It is like any other BBB with expensive items until they start marking down and the obligatory 20% off coupon to get the best deal. There are some nice high end items that can be bought with good sales. Overall if you need to deck out your house or dorm with the latest and greatest you need to stop by BBB. I will be back to look for good sale items that I can couple with my 20% off coupon!Pros: large selection of home itemsCons: very high prices!Hidden deals:SIgn up online for email for the 20% off coupon, you have to always use it to make the prices more reasonable.
