3	Went there to ask for prices. The girl at the front desk was very nice but seemed shy and not so confident. I know you just recently opened, but please be more confident and have your prices straight. Even if you have deals going on, it might help if you a have your regular prices listed. I was just very confused with what she was telling me. I also told her we have a black lab and she didn't seem to know what kind of a dog that was. Please do some research about different dog breeds, at least the most common ones. In a pet grooming business this is the least of knowledge you should have. I wish you best of luck with the business and I will update my review after actually using their services.
5	Called yesterday for an appointment and got one for today. Very convenient. Took the dogs, they were super friendly and the dogs looked awesome when we picked them up. They felt so clean and super soft, and had even little scarfs on. They always have specials going on, so you have to call to get their prices. Will definitely go back.
4	Dirty Daisy is a pretty awesome place. Alot better than any PetSmart Ive ever been to! And way easier on the pockets! I got my Shih Tzu done up there a few weeks ago and the buisness really impressed me. The owner made sure she understood completely what I wanted before hand and was very gentle with my pup. Not only am I a Fan but so is my Hubby and He well.....he's a tough cookie to win over. Yay for Dirty Daisy!!
2	I will be going back to Petsmart...First off, the girl at the front desk with the blue eyeshadow was HORRIBLE at talking to customers-made the entire encounter really awkward and uncomfortable. Cash only business-which I find odd, but okay. They did not call me when my dogs were done, instead I called them 4 hours after I dropped my dogs off to find out what the deal was and blue eyeshadow girl told me that she had already called me and they had been done for a while-Ummm no you didn't call me, and if you did-why would you not leave a message? Yep, she was lying. In the places's defense-the blonde girl in the back doing the grooming was really nice and my dogs came back super soft, although instead of just trimming up my pom's butt-they totally shaved it and I am stuck seeing his little butthole all the time until his hair grows back a little. I would not go back. Bottom line: Decent groom-BAD customer service up front.
3	I brought my dog here last month for a full-service grooming... the whole nine yards!  They took her in, even with such short notice.  The service and the prices are excellent.  What I don't like - I've been trying to call them to set up another appointment for Bailey to come in for her monthly grooming, and it just keeps going straight to voice mail.  Not sure what that means, but I call during their business hours, to no avail.  With that, I've been forced to look elsewhere for my dog grooming needs.
