5	I loved this store, I've only been there once but I had a good experience.  I took my baby brother there as a birthday gift, I let him pick out whatever he wanted.  We ran around the store and he had so much to say about every toy there.  And there was an associate that followed us the whole time, also listening to every little story my brother had to say.In fact he acted excited to hear every story.  He had his own "cool" fact to entertain by brother with about the toys.  He was beyond patient and nice, and I only wish I caught his name to write a review into his boss.  He was a great guy and made it a great experience.
5	I wanted a Lego Portrait for my grandson. I was referred to a Lego artist, Dave Shaddix, by the Lego Store. I contacted Dave, emailed my grandson's picture to him (BTW: my 6 year old grandson grooves on Legos). Dave responded via email with what the portrait would look like. I gave him the go ahead, and Dave created a FANTASTIC Lego Portrait of my grandson. This will be a family heirloom. Dave's contact info:Dave Shaddix602-618-1335http://southwestbricks.com
5	Pretty cool place!! Helpful employees, no pressure to buy anything. Which is nice when you are a parent of 3 kids. The store at Downtown Disney is a bit pushy and hands a lot of things over to kids. Which turns into survival of the fittest when you have a kid who wants a $100 Lego set. True story. It was nice that the employee came over and told my son to "fill the bucket until it won't close. We tape the top on". My son was was afraid he was stealing if he took too many. Or that they would weigh the container like a salad bar! Not true either way. Chase was happy with his full to the top $7.95 bucket of Legos. I was happy... Until midnight hit and I was walking up the stairs in a Lego combat zone! Ouch! That review would be for my own house, not the Lego store!! Overall, wonderful store for all ages of Lego lovers. Boys and girls, teens and adults. Prices are from low end to WTF it's a piece of plastic!! ;)
1	Customer service sux...and that's a nice way of putting it. Rude and unhelpful, uninterested management with the ever-so-obvious "we could care less about you 'cause there's always another with $$ next in line" attitude. Oh, and don't even try to use your VIP card - folks....they give you one and tell you all you need to do is just hand it over at checkout with your purchases to earn reward points. However, when you try to redeem?? You will be informed by some smug twenty-something, on an $8.50-an-hour power trip, that you need to activate it online in order to use it. And this, folks, is something YOU should have had a crystal ball and known beforehand. Because it makes total sense, right?! Give a customer a rewards card, swipe it, send them on their way....then expect that they'll think they have to activate it online? WHY EVEN BOTHER? If you want to make it a challenge or try to screw people out of the rewards they earn then JUST DON'T OFFER A CARD!Oh, and when you do go online to activate the card??? And place an order with http://Lego.com??? Get ready to be charged TWICE, have two of the same orders show up at your home, and then have the entire debacle blamed on you - the customer! Yeah - living the dream! They send me and order TWICE, charge my debit card $150 TWICE, then try to claim I am at fault? REALLY?? You know, in all my years of online shopping, funny how this has never happened with any other company; I never received two order confirmations....or shipping confirmations....yet, this is my fault. It could never be something they did, right?! So, more aggravation Lego Co. Now I have to waste time tracing shipments and wondering when the hell they are going to refund the money they pretty much stole from my debit account. They sure take it quick enough, though.I spend a lot of money on Legos. I was planning on going to their theme park this summer. I think my plans will change. It is very clear that this company isn't hurting for money and they aren't afraid to show it to you: the customer....they could care less about complaints, their careless errors or their customer's in general....you know, why should they?! - there's always another person with $$ standing in line. Poor way to execute a business: anger enough people, do it enough times and you just may find a "store closing" sign on your shop and your clients shopping Amazon or Target....or perhaps your smugness as a CS rep will land you on a layoff line after your irreverence comes back to bite you on the butt after your product sales slow. Yeah - maybe one doesn't matter...but, judging by how I've been treated by this company, I suspect I'm not the only one....probably one of many.
3	This lego store is nice and close to where we live. A lego store gives you some advantages: 1) they always have the latest themes and sets. 2) if a theme is on sale it's probably because it's about to be retired. 3) you can buy the traditional pieces by the bucket without having to buy a particular set. Some suggestions: Buy on sale and sign up for the VIP card it can save you some money. Also check out the video screen with some sets you can actually view the set by holding up the box to the camera, in full 3D animation.
4	Lots of Star Wars Lego even displays and the windows are all Star Wars Disney sure pumping out the money now that they own the marketing rights now, Can't wait till 2015 for the new movie, Now days it seems like Star Wars is coming out the woodwork from everywhere hard to believe its over 30 years old.
4	We're always greeted when we come here.  Friendly staff.  Pretty good selection of Legos.  Definitely a place to stop by with the kiddos!
