3	Monte Cello's Downtown does not look like much from the outside.  It is wedged into a small triangular shaped building.  They are open for lunch and dinner.  Their pizza has been a staple of Downtown since 1980.Their specialty pizzas include spinach and feta cheese pizza, a little too oily for my tastes (it's made with an oil and garlic sauce).  A much better choice is Buffalo Chicken Pizza, which is Buffalo sauce topped with cheese and spicy chicken.  The chicken has a nice fresh taste to it and while spicy, is never overdone.But I love the hoagies the best here.  My favorite is the tuna hoagie, which is served with cheese, lettuce, tomato, & grilled onions.  I know, break out the Listerine strips after eating one of those.  If I like something a little zestier, I'll get the Capicola or the Genoa Salami hoagie.They have a lunch buffet here too.  I've never tried it because I prefer my food made-to-order.
4	I've eaten here several times.  Their pizza is good.  The only annoying thing is the small fountain drinks that come with the lunch specials (and no refills).  But the best thing, that brings me back time after time, is their chicken salad.  Its topped with crisp fries - Pittsburgh style - plus melted mozzarella cheese.  Divine.  Just a warning - don't make a mistake thinking the steak salad is just as good.  The steak has a musty taste.
3	It's been awhile since I've reviewed Monte Cello's so I thought I'd hit it again yesterday.  Monte Cello's in a rather unassuming building.  It's a little cramped in there and definitely not the most inviting place in the world.  But yesterday was one of those picture perfect summer days--perfect for getting a good sandwich or slice and heading over to a plaza for some Al Fresco dining (unfortunately Al Fresco called in sick so I had to eat alone).So let's see, which sandwich did I want?  Philly Chicken hoagie?  Capicola hoagie?  grilled Chicken?  Nah, the Genoa salami hoagie seemed just right.  The food here is pretty good.  But you're always better off getting it to go.
3	This is a solid downtown lunch break spot. They run a special between like 11-2 where you can get 3 cuts buffet style (with lots of different types) with a pop for 6 or 7 bucks. Perfect for those days when you oversleep and don't get a chance to pack a lunch. The pizza is nothing that you'd fall asleep dreaming of, but definitely hits the spot at 1PM on a workin' day.
3	Aren't there times when a good solid three star performer really fills the bill?  O'believe me it does!  I've been out of town for two weeks on business (San Antonio) and it feels so good to come home to the basics.I got a mini 4-cut pizza with pepperoni, capicola, and roasted red peppers on it.  I could only eat half of it, so I took the other half home for my husband.  My pizza really hit the spot.So for me, three stars doesn't mean the place is mediocre.  It simply means the place does the basics very well and they're good, solid, dependable performers.
3	My office often gets Pizza delivered from Monte Cello's. The crust is thin and the pizza is decent.  I have gone there a few times for lunch to grab a few slices of pizza (with others). I agree that the small fountain drinks with no refills is annoying.  If I am going to eat in, I prefer Villa Reale on Smithfield.  You can get slices during lunch if you sit at the counter.
2	Monte Cellos is located fairly close to my work, and so I've gone a few times.  Each time, I ask myself, "Why am I going back?"Mediocre dish after Mediocre dish, somehow I think it will get better next time.Last time I had a Grilled Chicken Salad that they're known for --- at least that's what the cashier said.  It was grilled chicken, french fries, a little cheese on chopped lettuce. Can you say B-O-R-I-N-G?Today I had a steak hoagie.  Enough places in Pittsburgh do these that comparing them is easy.  While the bread is fresh, and the hoagie buns are huge --- it's all downhill from here.  Enter three slices of steak-ums and the contents of the hoagie are just flat. The bread is 90% of the meal. Unmemorable.I was happy with the pizza I had there, but for salads and hoagies? Not so much.
3	Very close to work for me and the others in my office.  Was excited about getting a steak salad, which I found is a staple here in the Burgh.  The first one I got in July 2012 was good.  I don't know if the method of cooking or person cooking the steak had changed or the meat supplier is different, but after that, I've had two steak salads where the meat was just too tough!  Haven't been back since.  Probably won't go back to get a salad until the meat is cooked tender and not left to become shoe leather.  Not getting a salad again unless someone can convince me that the meat was just cooked and juicy!  Pizza's are yummy and pizza lovers will like their small but adequate pizza buffet which has about 8 different types of pizza.  The restaurant is always crowded  at lunch time.  There is a large turnover of pizza so it's always hot.
2	I'm picky about the quality of meat, so I was disappointed when I specifically asked if the chicken parmesan sub had whole breast meat, the cashier said yes, then it turned out to be school cafeteria style chicken patty with bread crumb filler. Yuck, I should've trusted my gut and ordered the eggplant parm. K got the Italian sub. It was "ok, not the greatest." I recommend trying a different "cheap eats" if you're downtown.
