3	The customer service was good. The room was cute, clean, and extremely convenient being just a few blocks from the castle and all the tourist attractions. The price is right. The drawbacks: The bedding seems to be crazy glued on and every time you wanted to bring up the blankets, you would just knock yourself out with your hands and they would not budge! There are no toiletries in the bathrooms. You have to ask for them because they are very 'environmental friendly' and don't want things to go to waste. The rooms are small - boutique like and you can barely fit your suitcases. The bathroom is very modern but there is hardly any counter space for your things. Everything is just smaller. It could be I'm just used to 'American' sizes. They do have elevators which is the reason I booked the hotel. I think if I was with a friend it wouldn't be too bad but travelling with my mom makes it less accommodating.
4	If you're going to stay in a Hotel in Edinburgh, you're not going to find a much better deal for the money than this location.  You're just one block off just about the center of the Royal Mile.  This means you're an easy walk to Edinburgh Castle or The Palace of Holyroodhouse.  For that matter, you're also within walking distance to the Grass Market or Train Station (if you've got more than a light bag, I'd probably opt for a taxi to or from the station).  So in addition to being close to some of the city's historical places, you're also in the middle of a lot of shopping and restaurants.  If you're a Brew Dog Brewery fan, you're also maybe a whole 5 minute walk away right down Cowgate.I stayed here twice on my recent trips to Edinburgh and both rooms were clean and well maintained.  I honesty didn't hear any noise from other rooms.  This is one of the few hotels we found that can accommodate 3 adults in one room which was another plus for us.  Now your North Americans, please be aware that the rooms won't be huge.  That's ok though, you can always pop downstairs and sit in the lounge.  But seriously, why would you want to do that?  Edinburgh is just outside and if you're not there for work, you'll want to be out on the streets taking it all in.  Free WiFi is available.  You just ask at reception for the log in information.  Your WiFi pass only lasts 24 hours which was a bit of a drag.  However, no one seemed put off by my frequent requests for new passes so it was fine.There is also a continental breakfast offered mornings which includes the usual cereals, breads, fruits, juices, coffees and teas.  In addition to this, you also have the choice of scrambled eggs, sausages and beans.  It's pretty much just what you'd expect but it's definitely good enough to get your day started with a full stomach.The staff here are outstanding and very helpful with requests.  Absolutely no complaints with our service.  Seriously, staying here was a joy-no worries and very relaxing while here.  You can't always say that when traveling.  I'd definitely recommend this to any friends or strangers who asked me and I'd definitely consider staying here again!
