2	So I understand this is a chain. It looked OK but at 9 PM on a Friday, it was empty. I should have continued walking. Service was slooooooooow. I ordered at about 20 after nine PM and the entree arrives at a few minutes after 10 PM. I then hear a customer seriously griping at the manager over long waits, wrong wines and wrong bills being delivered. The antipasto starter was good with a few cuts of Italian hams, salami and cheese. The rigatoni speck I order which was supposed to be like a carbonara comes out. Its a small portion, a few slices of ham in it, the creamy cheesey sauce lacks much flavor and the rigatoni tastes a little undercooked and chewy. The place was not terrible but I would not go here again.
3	I first discovered this chain in York, England whilst Hubbie and i were taking a wee break before the wedding.  I was really taken back with the food and feel in love with the dishes and was happy to see that it gad arrived in Edinburgh.I know that the branches offer different menus but i was hope that the bruscetta with peppers was at Edinburghs' branch, but it wasn't. However i did choose the Vegetarian Pizza which had goat's cheese, peppers, aubergine and rocket.  The base was nice and crispy and the topping was tasty.  I had the chocolate fondue which was recommended by the waitress but wish i hadn't - I've had better and it was defo a pre-made out the freezer thing as it didn't take long to reach the table!Service was quick and friendly but it was almost empty on a (last night) Thursday night ...
3	Not a bad little Italian restaurant at all. Come in during the fringe and it was not to busy, which I thought was a bad sign. But it started to fill up shortly after I arrived. Ordered the seafood risotto and it was tasty! I was impressed though with the way it was plated with the mussels and the shrimpy. It came to the table looking quite handsome. Had I nice big pint of Peroni to wash it down. As it is stated already in one or more of the reviews for here they have like 3 different types of the stuff. I had the Gran Reserva and it was amazing! I dont know why I had never heard of the other types but I will be going back here just to drink that italian gold. The staff was nice and helped me when I had a wine glass with lipstick still on it. Dishwasher must have been tired or something that day, but otherwise it was a nice pleasant dinner. I will come back at some point in the future especially for the Beer :D
2	Been to one in England which was fan. Dissatisfied by the lukewarm welcome, food and service. Won't return.
4	My husband and I were looking for a place to grab a bite after getting back from a tour of the Highlands. The restaurant was nearly empty because it was pretty late and we were told to sit anywhere.  It took quite a long time to get any service from the wait staff but it was well worth it.  I had the insalata spinaci which was absolutely delicious and I was surprised at how well the mustard dressing tied it all together.  My husband had the vesuvio pizza.  The chili oil added a great taste to it but made the pizza look a little greasy.  Even with the oily appearance this pizza was wonderful!  The crust was done perfectly and combination of sausage, chili oil, peppers and basil was great.  The food was wonderful at Strada even though the service was lacking, which could be due to the time of day.
3	The delightfully helpful waitress made Strada 3 star rather than 2 star.  The Pizza was ok but the menu stated it was veggie friendly but it had parmesan in the pesto which isn't veggie.  The lovely waitress was able to custom my pizza to suit.  The cheesecake was delicious. I got 25% off the food bill by joining their mailing list.
