5	I finally found a small business plumber that's worth a damn.I was referred to Roger via my twitter request for help by a good friend who's a business owner that I trust in Tempe, the owner of Monti's. I asked online... nay... begged to find a GOOD plumber and not a corporation that just sends out a drone van from somewhere in my area. I wanted a small biz guy that's working hard to build his own business and could be the 'guy to call' or recommend to people. I like having a quality network - if you know me... you'd understand.SO... Roger. Very friendly guy, cool to talk to and setup an appointment at my house the next day after calling him. He was prompt - actually beat me to my house :/ My bad. I explained the drainage issues in the house since we've moved in, we've done stuff to fix the problems but they always were a temporary solution. He steps in and does his thing... 30min he does both bathrooms, sinks and tubs... bam! Everything drains like SUPER fast... It's never been that nice ever... in 3yrs. :OAlso, I ask a lot of questions because I'm genuinely interested in pretty much everything. He was cool and explained why our drains have the problems they have because of the lack of a breather hole that most sinks have... And honestly until now I didn't really think about that.So moral of the story - Roger is a cool dude and knows his shit. He's a local guy and not a big corporation; runs his own biz and does quality work for a more than affordable rate. I asked and he does all plumbing stuff not just drains. I highly recommend him and I will call upon his service again when and if it's needed. Call him! Tell him Chuck (and yelp) sent ya :)
5	Living in a 3 bedroom 1 (functioning) bathroom house with a husband that likes to spend a ton of time in that bathroom got old after a few weeks... especially being pregnant!So when I saw Chuck's review for Rocket Rooter Plumbing, I stopped my procrastinating and gave Roger a call... (I needed our second bathroom up and running again).  Roger was awesome and came over the same day I called... It turns out that the reason our toilet was not functioning was because it was clogged with Q-tips.  So that's my lesson to teach all of you reading this review... Never throw Q-tips in the toilet!  Of course, I always put my Q-tips in the trash, but Jared on the other hand... he needed to hear that lesson!Anyways, bottom line is a quick visit from Roger and $100 later, our toilet is working like a charm!  Oh, and there's a ten day guarantee just in case!  I highly recommend Rocket Rooter if you're in need of plumbing / drainage service.**I am just waiting on a paid invoice/receipt, which I trust Roger will drop off in the next few days.  He was out when he came by.
5	A good, reliable, honest plumber?!  You bet!  We needed two toilets repaired, Roger came the same day, quoted us a reasonable price, explained what he needed to do and why and even showed us the parts that were bad.  He was fast, respectful and just plain good to work with.  I couldn't ask for better service.  If you need plumbing work, call Rocket Rooter!!
5	We're big fans of Rocket Rooter and Roger. We saw Rocket Rooter get recommended on Yelp and even though we live quite a way away called them to see if they'd help us. They do service our area & have been out out to help us multiple times.We had another emergency today and they were able to make it out and take care of everything very quickly.It's very cool to have a great plumber that you know and can depend on. With some of the other service big shops, it's luck of the draw and the quality of service is totally dependent on who shows up.Roger is a great guy and if you are looking for someone reliable that you can get to know and depend on, he's your man. His rates are also very affordable.Have nothing but great things to say about Rocket Rooter and recommend them without reservation!
