5	I love this pharmacy!! I used you live right down the street and since I dont have a car it was easily excess-able. Now living in Summerlin I will give my bf the puppy face so he can take me to get my scripts there! I've been going there for almost 7 months and will continue! They treat their customers with nothing but respect and will go the extra mile the chain pharmacies wont! I could get a pre auth from my insurance and they went and did their magic so I could get my meds. Theyre open M-F until 6pm but are closed on the weekends. They genuinely care about you and another awesome thing they do is support the ASPCA here. For every dollar you donate they match 2 dollars! And some places just take the money, here they actually show you proof of  every donation theyve made! How awesome is that? Not only do they do that but are very supportive of local business. I always see other business cards and flyers from local places.Ive never had to wait more than 10 mins for my meds (and I dont just get ordinary stuff) and if I had to ever come back the next day (once) they call and remind me. The staff here is EXCELLENT and remember my name and face, which I love! I feel like they appreciate the fact that I chose them to get my meds.Go there and get your scripts!! You wont be sorry!
5	Still the best!! Jessica and her staff are amazing and caring! Stay independent amd come here for all your scripts!
1	I have never had such poor customer service at a pharmacy.   I fax'ed them my script, insurance card, and driver's license, and when they said my insurance claim was denied (which didn't sound right), I paid cash for the expensive script over the phone and requested delivery so I didn't have to drive 45 minutes to them.  The delivery driver called when I was away from home, and I told him I would be gone for 2 hours or more, but that if it needed to stay cold I could just pick it up the next day.  He said that the vial was in with a cold pack and insisted that it would be ok on my doorstep for a couple hours in 90 degree heat, when it turns out it was just in a regular bag.  I called the pharmacy the next day to explain what happened, and that I now had a script that was no longer good, and they tried to say it was my fault for agreeing to have the driver leave it because the driver isn't allowed to know what's in the bag.  I was very surprised at how poorly they treated me up to this point, but it only got worse.  Upon my urging, they reluctantly called the driver and he gave the same account (he should have at least known it needed to remain cold and not in 90 degree heat on a doorstep), so they said they would order me another vial free of charge.  When I came to pick the new one up they demanded the old one back (which they didn't request before on the phone, luckily I saved it!!) and when I explained that they didn't mention that on the phone and that I live 45 min away, the tech actually yelled at me, and the pharmacist ganged up on me and started yelling as well.  I made the round trip to bring back the old vial and finally got the new vial.  On top of all of this, they also had my last name incorrect on the script, and said I had to pay cash when it turns out they didn't bill it correctly to my insurance and never gave me a receipt.  When I tried to have them bill the insurance again they couldn't figure out how to do it, despite having all of my information.  They were obviously very angry at the monetary loss and sadly were not professional overall.  Having a delivery person is nice, but I was surprised at how many details were missing from this transaction (getting my name wrong, not billing insurance correctly, and not supplying me with a receipt).  I would get your meds elsewhere!!
1	I have had a really bad experience with them as well.  The woman who I spoke with tried to bully me by yelling and talking over me while I was trying to explain the issues I was having with the product and what was being billed to my insurance company.  She hung up on me as well.
