4	This store makes me wish I wore a uniform to work.  Of course, only one of these cool uniforms.  Went shopping with a friend looking for scrubs for her and I almost bought a few just for myself.  She wears old ones around the house and I'd never really noticed that they were scrubs because they were actually cute looking and not just ugly hospital blue or green.  They have all sorts of styles too.  I was really taken with a Kimono style shirt that looked so comfee.  And who doesn't love hanging out in some casual draw string pants?  I can't believe folks get to go to work this comfortably!  Mind you, I wouldn't be willing to deal with blood and gunk just to stop wearing heels to work every day, but there have to be some non-gunk options that get to wear scrubs.  Anyhow - tons of options.  Lots of colors and patterns and styles.  That said, they certainly aren't the cheapest on the block.  My friend will get a few shirts here but then most of her solid colored pants at the JC Penny Outlet in the same mall for about $10 each.  But that's really for another review...Bonus - They also sell things via their web site if you aren't in the AZ Mills area.  Pretty good clearance section available there too.
4	I was realllly tempted to get a hot little nurse's uniform (for Halloween, of course!), but I resisted temptation.  Looks like they had a good selection, though.
4	I came in here my first day in AZ this trip to see if they had any of the lavender clogs I had bought in San Diego and liked so much.  They didn't have any in this store but the clerk was very helpful and called their outlet in Phoenix, north of the airport, to find that they do have some. I haven't gotten there yet but still intend to go up there and buy a couple more pairs.  This store has some beautiful uniforms--I just wish they were 100% cotton---if they were I'd buy one of those beautiful tops even though I'm not in the medical field!
3	This location is CLOSED. You can find them on the NW corner of Dobson & Baseline in Mesa now.
3	what i love are the sales at this place outside.One lady was very helpful but when you have a specific answer it almost seems like they don't know about what they have had in inventory or just don't want to take the time and help you or have any fashion sense to tell you what their opinion is.  So that said i obviously didn't buy as much as i could have which is good and bad. good for me bad for them.  Also bad for them because my review could have been better if they seemed more helpful with the situation and at the end of my sale i had picked out myself with no help towards the end and had my merchandise rang up and they don't offer their loyalty card or email services. I know most people don't like to be emailed but you control what goes into your inbox and i love deals so if they have better deals on more stuff sign me up! so i had to ask to be apart of it. Not used to someone not asking.Glad with my sale purchases not to fond of the service.
2	Started a job needing daily scrubs, went to this as my 3rd stop trying to find Urbane or Iguana Med scrubs to try as I just hadn't found anything I really liked yet... their website said they had these, even a manufacturer website said they have them... not the case.This location has 5 or 6 brands of scrubs... dickies, SCRUBS (huge selection), cherokee, greys anatomy... and another I can't remember.  Very small selection.Otherwise clean, decent store, but CALL to see if they have what you're looking for first.
5	This place is awesome! I had never been but stopped by after needing scrubs for school. The girl working was very helpful and offered to clear my hands and start me a fitting room right away. They have great prices and everything was easy to find. Was also very excited when she told me $14.99 and $9.99 items were 50% off that day! I bought 4 scrub tops and two bottoms for only $40! I asked for business cards and received a calendar that let's me know what deals they have on each day. I would definitely recommend them and already have to my classmates.
1	One star is actually to many. This store has decent sales however,  it's NEVER open! There are only two employees at this facility so if one of them gets sick they just throw a sign on the door saying they are closing early or going to be closed for X amount of days. I know I'm not the only one who thinks this is very unprofessional as I've talked with other people who have been waiting at the doors 20 minutes after it's supposed to be open wondering if they are going to open at all that day. If you are planning on shopping here make sure you call ahead of time to make sure you're not just going to waste your time and gas.
