5	Went to pick up a few New Years drinks and this was the first time I had been in it. It was absolutely the best wine, beer, and spirits store I have ever seen. They have endless varieties of vodka, brandy, scotch, rum, whiskey, wine, and of course beer. They have a pretty good sized beer cooler as well with some great exotic beers. They are also really well priced! It is also close to home for me as well so I will definitely be returning for all my alcoholic needs!
5	If you're buying liquor, wine or beer in Madison, you need to stop at Steve's.The prices might be slightly more expensive here than at a big box but the most service you'll get at a big box is locating where something is.  At Steve's you can take as much time as you want asking questions about the product and getting suggestions for what you're looking for.  They're also on top of releases and what's happening in the industry.  And if you need something specially ordered, they can oblige.As a beer snob, I really appreciate their knowledge and selection.  Lots of great American craft beers (especially local WI beers - so stop here if you're from out of town!), and a robust selection of Belgians - many of which are exclusive to this location.I also appreciate that I'm notified of hard to get releases before they even arrive at the store.  If you're into cellaring beer (and you really should be), they are a great resource.And when I'm looking to bring wine to a party or as a gift, I'm too inexperienced to really know what to grab.  They're more than happy to help you, and if you know what kind of flavors the recipients like, they can really tailor it to the audience. And they also have kegs in stock if you're into partying.At this location, you can ask Amanda, Wayne, or Tom for help.Hours are as follows:Monday & Tuesday: noon - 9pmWednesday - Saturday: 9am - 9pmSunday: noon - 6pmMy only criticism is that none of the Steve's open before Noon on Sundays.  You know that NFL games start at Noon right?  How about opening at 11:30 am?
3	Great selection and prices. Staff has always been helpful.  However, I tried to go to Steve's during half time of the Packer game on Sunday to get extra drinks for our Packer party. I drove across town just to go to Steve's. The sign on the store said "open" and the hours posted on the door indicated that the store would be open another 2-3 hours. The doors were locked and there was no staff in the store. We even stayed and waited for a while to see if any staff would surface and no one did. There were other customers pulling up as we drove away, so I think Steve's missed out on several customers by not being open when the posted hours said they'd be open.
