3	Going home to suburbia for me means feasting at chain restaurants (am I alone in this?) Sweet Tomatoes is a great spot to tame that soup and salad and frozen yogurt craving while catching up with friends.For price and convenience, it's hard to beat.
2	Mediocre, too much sugar, not enough protein (though you can pay extra for chicken) and not a great value for the money. But I still enjoy it once in awhile for reasons I can't even explain.
4	I had totally forgotten about this chain until I headed out to Best Buy and found it.  Everything is fresh, a million different ways to make a salad, homemade soup and bread, and blueberry green tea...yum!  It really hit the spot when I wasn't feeling a greasy carbo-loaded lunch.  All-you-can-eat for under $10; that right there is 3 stars alone.
4	I LOVE SWEET TOMATOES! Ok after a good workout from LVAC and you don't really want a smoothie but you wanna at least feel good about myself not eating crap. Just stay away from the MOLTEN LAVA CAKE in that ghetto ass pan. The salad selection isn't bad. It's rotated for freshness. I've always had fresh veggies. The soups are pretty good. They label what's Vegan and what's just meat. I like knowing all the ingredients. Yea definitely all you can devour under ten bucks is a good selling point. So what you gotta pay extra for chicken? I mean if you really want chicken. Pick it out of the soup. Hehehe. For what it is, it's a great place. If you're on a diet....LAY OFF THE RANCH DRESSING!
4	There really isn't much to complain about here for what you get for the price.  I usually just stick with the salads and soups.  Some of the soups are actually pretty decent.
3	Sweet Tomatoes reminds me of a Fresh Choice, and it was my first time at this all you can eat joint. I came around 4:30 pm on a Saturday and they had a steady stream of customers.  When you walk in, the salad bar is already laid out in front of you.  They have you getting your food and tray way before you pay!  They have a pretty decent selection of things to throw on your salad, including prepared tossed salads, pasta salads, slaw, potato salad, tons of dressing choices, and all your typical toppings.  It's not hard to fill up your plate with just salad alone.If you ever venture past the salad bar, you'll find a few varieties of soup (chicken noodle, tomato soup, french onion, etc.) and chili, a make your own baked potato section, a few selections of focaccia breads, cornbread, and even the pasta bar.  (Their mac n' cheese reminds me of the Kraft in the box variety, which I actually really like!)When you're ready to satisfy your sweet tooth, they have chocolate pudding, fresh fruit, sundae bar, and rice pudding.  (I didn't see any molten lava cake like Myke R. was talking about though!)Beverage choices include your basic soda, along with strawberry lemonade and cranberry green tea!  You can even make your own coffee with a shot of something or other and chocolate milk with syrup! They claim that everything is made from scratch, which definitely impresses me and I wish I could take a look into their kitchen to see if they are really are brewing up chicken stock!  They also label what's vegetarian and  vegan, which is definitely a rising trend and helps everyone out.Service is surprisingly good.  There's someone there to help you find a table when you're carrying your tray (and sometimes they'll even help you out with your tray too)!  And there are a lot of busboys and busgirls clearing you table efficiently and quickly.  There were some staff members even asking how things were.Although you may think you're eating healthy though, you can easily OD on the fatty stuff.  After all, it's still a buffet and you'll find yourself eating a few too many breads or potatoes with real butter and sour cream.  Their Sunday morning menu offers waffles, biscuits and gravy, eggs, and make your own burritos too! Dinners cost about $9.39/pp, but you can always find a coupon in the weekly ads.  It's a real deal for children to eat here though!  And you can also do take out too! Overall, it's not a bad choice when you're eating like this for under $10/pp and with such a variety, everyone will be happy!
3	This place is so mediocre that I am surprised I find myself back there every few months.  I used to go to Souplantation in California, and this is the same restaurant with a different name.  Decent salads, but nothing fancy.  Above average soups and a couple other hot items.  It used to be super cheap, but it's pushing towards $10 now, which makes it not a great deal.  But sometimes I just want a quick meal and not deal with the wait of a Chili's, for example, and this place fills that niche.
3	I usually end up here once a month or so for some reason because I find myself craving some veggies.  Lunch is pretty reasonable for around the $7 range per person, but I think dinner is a bit pricey at about $9 a pop.  Damn the stinking economy even makes getting a salad harder to do.  But this place is considered vegetarian heaven.When you first walk in, you see trays to the left or right of you.  The place is kind of like a cafeteria in the sense that you take a tray, a plate, and concoct your own salad with the fixins'.  They have a TON of stuff to choose from like spinach, romaine lettuce, pickles, peppers, cheese, croutons, even my fav alfalfa sprouts, and lots of other fresh things.  They have a few special or house recipe salads at the beginning of the line.  My fav is the Won Ton Chicken Happiness salad, I get it every time and it usually fits the bill.   I do get a little greedy sometimes though and take as much of the chicken as I can find because as you can tell, meat is sparce in this place.  But you can buy a little container of extra chicken for $1.25.  To me it's not worth it.  I just go and jack extra chicken form the Chicken Noodle Soup and cut it up to throw on my salad...ha ha.  They also usually have a decent house Caesar salad and a special salad that changes monthly according to one of their themes.  After you go down the line you and choose what you want, you get to the end and pay for your drinks and meal.  Then you get seated, or if it's not busy you can seat yourself.  They also have a soup area with at least 5 or 6 different soups daily, with staples like Chicken Noodle, and Chile Con Carne.  Their Cream of Mushroom soup is great (I think it's only on certain days..Tuesday?) because it's got lots of fresh mushroom in it.  You can also make yourself a baked potato with butter, sour cream, cheese, bacon, green onions, and onions.  Not to mention they also have a bakery section that features breads, muffins, pizza bread (great with their killer Ranch), garlic bread, and even gooey chocolate cake or cobbler (dinner only).  They also got a fresh fruit bar, build your own sundae bar, and a pasta station with 3 diffferent selections to choose from.The food here is pretty fresh and not bad at all.  If you enjoy a salad and soup you will like this place.  I usually find myself craving for a steak or a rotisserie chicken however after I eat here.  For some reason, not having a hunk of protein on my plate leaves me hungry.  Good thing all their food is fresh, otherwise this probably wouldn't be a great place to eat.  I can eat at least 2 plates though of their Won Ton Chicken Happiness salad.  AND at least 6-8 pieces of their pizza bread (only from the MIDDLE part...ha ha) with Ranch.  They got good Strawberry Lemonade too. Their sundae bar ain't too bad even though it's standard fare from a soft serve machine.  You can make one with vanilla or chocolate ice cream, Oreo crumbles, sprinkles, chocolate, caramel, pineapple, and cherries.  They have these little, itty, bitty baby cones to put ice cream in (I guess this is to cater to the little ones).  I ALWAYS, ALWAYS try to fill one of these little cones up and it overflows, causing ice cream on my hand.  Never fails.  Maybe they can install something to make the ice cream come out a little slower?  I don't know.  Eat here if you're craving a salad (a lot of us don't), enjoy freshness (at a bit of a price), and are vegan or vegetarian.  Actually, we all should enjoy freshness at a salad buffet.  Me, I like my salad with a hunk a meat on the side.
5	I love Sweet Tomatoes! The food is always fresh - after all the main attraction is the salad, but the pastas, soups, breads, fruit, ice cream, etc are always fresh and taste great, too. Sometimes the place can get a little crowded (like lunch time), but servers are quick to bring your drinks, take away dirty dishes, and very helpful when I'm trying to balance a child in one arm and a tray of food in the other. :)
4	It happens everytime I'm away from home for a long time...lots of meat, not much veg.  So I went in search of a place I can OD on veg...enter Sweet Tomatoes.  I REALLY liked this place.  It reminded me of "Lettuce Surprise You", a salad buffet place I went to in Atlanta many years ago.  When the check-out lady found that this was my first time to eat there, she gave me a bag of chocolate chip cookies for free.  Now who wouldn't love such a place!  :-)  I only went for salad, soup, and ice cream and all was good.  This place is definitely one where you eat piles of green  which is essential after too much meat and heavy cream.
5	Reminds me so much of Souplantation in California.  My boyfriend despises anything healthy, but will actually ask to go here.  If you're eating healthy, be careful cas some of the stuff isn't exactly healthy-- even if it's fresh.  Overall, it's a great casual place to go to when you're looking to get filled up on something light.  The workers have also always been friendly.
4	Sweet tomatoes is a treat! All you can eat: soup, salad, muffins, pasta, pizza, ice cream, and more... This is a fun place for family and friends to eat a large, fast, easy, healthy meal. Approximate Lunch Prices: adults = $8.29 / 6-12 = $4.69 / 3-5 = $2.19 / 2 and under = freeDrinks cost extra...but are--all you can drink.There is not a lot of meat here. You pay extra for chicken to add to your salad. There is some meat in the soups. This is not gourmet.It is good.
5	I LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH! Finally I find it out! It called "Souplatation" in LA!!!!
2	As you walk into Sweet Tomatoes, you are immediately faced with the salad bar, which takes a while to navigate through until you pay with your salad in front of you.  If they are full, then you wait with your salad in hand until they make room for you.  Kind of strange set up.I just wasn't impressed with the food here.  I know that it's a cheap lunch place, but all of the salad ingredients were bland.  The shredded beets and squash did not seem close to fresh and the hot items were very limited and not very flavorful.   Maybe I just didn't see it, but I only saw ONE type of tomato at the salad bar, which I thought was a bit strange, given the namesake.  The items at the hot line were very limited and once again, bland.  The focaccia flat breads were decent, but that is about it.  Limited dessert selections added to the pain.Maybe I'll try it again because it is very inexpensive, but for now.  I am not very impressed with the joint.
3	The food here is pretty good.  There are plenty of salad ingredients, including some fancy fruits and vegetables you wouldn't normally put in your salad at home.  Everything is fresh and clean, and legibly labeled above the items on the plastic dome shielding the food from contaminants.  Behind the salad bar and pasta bar counters, plenty of food servers are constantly freshening up the ingredients and wiping up spills, splashes, and the occasional spoon/tong mishap from diners.  In addition to the wide selection of salad ingredients, there's also every dressing imaginable to choose from.If you don't wish to put together your own unique salad, you can instead grab your choice of an already prepared and labeled gourmet salad.  I recommend the Asian chicken salad mix with its crunchy won tons and zesty sweet dressing.There are also hot "bars," with do-it-yourself pasta and soup stations.  These items are controlled via hot water tanks and heating bulbs, so the freshness isn't always what it should be.  The noodles tend to be stuck together and using two tongs sometimes works best.  They have a good selection of tasty soups, everything from French Onion to Minestrone.  In addition, they've also got tasty breads and simple pizzas in this section.  It's always nice to have a small square of pizza with my salad.  Finally, we have the dessert section, with a do-it-yourself soft ice cream machine and plenty of candy sprinkles or nut toppings to choose from.  There's also variety of cakes and cookies here.  I guess I should also mention the fountain drink station, which includes options for hot coffee and tea.  The major downside to this establishment is the seating process.  It's a cafeteria setting, so you may find yourself holding your food and beverage tray, craning your neck to spot an open & clean  table that will fit your party, while kids and other diners zip past you.  Once seated though, the experience can be enjoyed.  However, if you want to keep your table, you and your party will have to return for seconds or thirds in shifts.  This is not a restaurant where you can take your leftovers home.  Although, apparently you can order a box to go, fill it up, and take it away with you.  But if you dine in, it is all you can eat for under $10.  Of course, there's only so much anyone can eat, and with all the choices and temptations it can be a bit overwhelming.  You may find that you want a little bit of everything and end up gorging, which is never healthy -- even when the food is.  Sweet Tomatoes is an establishment I visit from time to time, but I usually wait till I have a coupon, so I can really feel like I'm getting a good deal without having to stuff myself.  I will also visit the newer location on West Flamingo next time, because from what I've read it sounds like it might have a nicer atmosphere.  So maybe I'll post a review of that one in the future.
1	I'm starting to think I am a masochist.I keep going to Sweet Tomatoes, and I keep having more painful experiences.My buddy likes the place and always wants to take me there for lunch so I indulge.  This last time around, two of the dishes were so inedible and horrendous that I actually stopped the manager and asked him to check the "integrity" of them.Free lunch is not worth this kind of punishment.No More!
4	I come sometimes when I just want a salad lunch. Today I went with my mom and grandma in law.It's a "A-OK" place, but " I am a fan". The veggies are fresh and there's a good variety of them- that's what I come for so I'm happy. Soups are alright.  I like their cornbread or foccacia. I stay away from the desserts, and pastas. Drinks- they've been having flavored ice teas lately that are quite good. Today was green tea mojito- nice. For the lunch price, specially since they're abundant in giving coupons ($5.99 lunch or 2 for 1), can't complain. Most salads at sit downs are going to cost me more than this and I can make several kinds here.
4	This is our nth time visiting Vegas and earlier in the day we had our customary buffet on the Strip.  It was 7pm and because we had way too much meat and crab legs for lunch, we thought a nice salad dinner was a must.  Getting here from the Strip takes about 15 min. w/o traffic.  Be sure to take the "82B" exit from the I-95.  It will lead you straight into the humongous shopping center and Sweet Tomatoes will be right behind Applebees.I have to admit I'm a regular at the Souplantations in the OC.  My favorite item there is the Clam Chowder, but for some reason Sweet Tomatoes (which is pretty much the same thing as Souplantation w/ a different name) does not offer this soup.  Because of this tiny little detail, I couldn't give it 5 stars.The veggies were fresh.  Chocolate lava cake, that's only offered after 4p, was delish.  And the lady who took away our dishes was kind enough to bring us a plate of freshly baked cookies.  The staff overall was very polite and that made the whole dining experience pretty darn great.
4	Do not come here on a weeknight around 6pm unless you enjoy eating to a stereo chorus of screaming and crying babies and toddlers, and dodging children as you make your way around the buffet. Overall, an obnoxious dinner experience. The food, however, was great. Tastes better here (soup/salad-wise) than at the big hotel buffets (for way cheaper). Good seasonal/holiday choices, too.
4	We LOVE going here on Monday because they have the best cream of mushroom soup ever. Great chicken noodle too. Been coming here for years and we keep coming back!
4	I just can't help myself when I go to Sweet Tomatoes. I go here thinking I am going to eat healthy. But I end up with one plate of salad and make about 5 runs for the baked goods and ice cream!The selection is nice of salad items and premade salads. And their soups are great. I like to get creative when I dine here, trying to mix everything together. Can't say the food is always fresh, but its decent, not old and dry looking.I like to get the baked potato with their fresh honey whipped butter and sour cream and then put chili in it with some tabasco! YUM!And then the chocolate brownie muffins with ice cream for dessert.Their seasonal items are always great. For the fall, or maybe just November.. they had chicken pot pie with biscuits, pumpkin spice muffin with cranberries, and after 4pm, they have a gooey pumpkin cake.Don't expect too much and you will be surprised what you do get out of this place. I always leave happy and really stuffed. It may just be soups, salads, and muffins, but they do it well.Generally I try to eat low carb and high protein, so this place is not a "healthy" choice for me at all. Pricing is good and there's plenty of seating. And they have good selection of beverages. What more can I say? I am a fan. But it isn't good for my waistline to eat at Sweet Tomatoes too often.Oh yeah, and when I was there last Sunday, right before 5pm, they brought fresh baked cookies to our table!
3	A quick and healthy lunch option.....Sweet Tomatoes offers a salad/soup/pasta bar at a very reasonable price.  The value here is great, and if you come early, the food is very fresh.  Be sure to try the muffins, they are the highlight of the food offered here.  My only complaint is that a few times I've been here for a late lunch, the salad and soup selections are messy, and need to be maintained.  This is a very small complaint, since this happens at just about every buffet, but it should be noted that early is really better when dining here.While I've never eaten a tomato here, the name sums it up:  "Light, healthy, colorful, inexpensive."
4	It's a popular restaurant located in the Best in the West shopping center/strip mall (Lake Mead/Rainbow). This is a good salad buffet place complete with yummy breads (muffins) and soups. Coupons are in the weekly circulars BTW. Back when this place didn't exist, we went to Souper Salad a lot, but the quality has gone down quite a bit. The quality here is much better. There are so many different dishes to choose from- it's almost hard to decide. Since I have learned how to eat at a buffet (ie. don't overdo it or I will be sick), I am picky with my selections. We've been here several times. Good place- just try to get there early for lunch because it fills up fast. Or else you will be lost in the crowd and stuck in long lines.
3	Soups, Salads, fresh bread, and desserts...AYCE styling. This Sweet Tomatoes has been hopping the 3 times I've been here. On our last visit, it was no exception and it hadn't hit 5pm yet. The staff here are nice, and I would say that they have the friendliest and most efficient dining room staff of any of the ST locations in town.They are pricey, but you can be super healthy here, and eat all you care to eat.
3	Sometimes, you just want a salad. There are a few places you can grab a salad, including fast food restaurants, but how many offer unlimited salad, soup, pasta, breads, and dessert?  Not many.  Sweet Tomatoes is a salad buffet, with all the toppings and sides you can think of.  It's cheap, it's convenient, and it's not that bad.  I like their soups, especially the Asian Ginger Brother, which tastes like arroz caldo from home.  I love their cornbread (with real corn) and blueberry muffins. Those are great points to the place.Now, for the bad.The other day I stopped by with my friend to eat lunch, since our breakfast was somewhat greasy.  We grabbed a plate, piled it on, and when it came to the red onions, which were just replaced in front of my face, they reeked.  Now, don't get me wrong--I know onions have a scent, but imagine that scent times 100.  I figured that, since it was just replaced, it was fresh.  WRONG.That evening I contracted a nasty heartburn episode tasting nothing but red onion and I felt nauseous.  Apparently when onions smell really strong, they actually fermented.  BAD.If it's not fresh at the salad bar, what's the point?Not my cup o' soup.
2	It's a buffet that is all about quantity over quality. Food is mediocre at best and you have to dodge the obese and mannerless at every step. I ended up here because my family just defaulted here amongst many better decisions and then we all sat wondering why in the world we came here. It's just okay, my kid liked the free ice cream.
2	I don't know what has happened but Sweet Tomatoes is quickly turning into a whole other kind of tomatoes! I have been going here since they first opened 10-11 year ago...Back in the day I would have easily given this place 4-5 stars! Did not recognize one employee here which is UNUSUAL-one thing that I liked about ST is that they seemed to have a very low turnover rate which usually is a good sign for a restaurant.There was a warning sign posted on the front door stating that due to the recent bouts of weather they were out of several vegetable items...Totally understand- But the "Wonton Chicken Happiness" salad was minus the happy chicken as was the tossed chicken Tarragon salad sans the chicken...Would have appreciated the "chicken shortage" sign as well...The veggies did look fresh-never a complaint about that.  ST is pretty vigilant in keeping their salad bar clean.The soups were good except for the pumpkin soup-it couldn't make it's mind up between being a sweet or savory-pick a side & stay there!  There was plenty of pickings from baked sweet potatoes & regular baked potatoes to the many breads & muffins...And then we got to the pasta bar...The Garlic Alfredo was watery and about as tasty as milk soup.  They were also serving scalloped potatoes-the spuds did not seem thouroughly cooked and the cheese sauce was watery.  Blecch... The apple cranberry cobbler looked like it had been sitting out since lunch and what was left would not be anough to put in one of the paper dressing cups.  (It was 6pm-Prime dinner rush-I noticed that same pan out for at least 20 minutes before my husband asked the nearest server if there was fresh pan) There was & it was served.No one offered us refills of water (never had to ask before).  In the past , you could barely bat an eyelash before your dirty plates were removed by attentive staff.  Ours actually piled up a bit and one server actually left the swampy looking potatoes behind which made me relive that disgusting moment. I'm going to have to see some awesome Yelper reviews before going back...
4	This place is a part of my weekly schedule. Buffet of salad and soup is definitely a heaven for me! Don't forget to sign up on their newsletter and print out coupons, considering the price is already cheap (for a buffet), you can still save a lot more. I am never disappointed when i get there. They've always got a fresh selection at the salad bar. Decent selection of soups as well and few of their pastas, breads and pastries are good enough to fill you up.Service has been okay. And in one of my visits, one of the utensils was unclean. Nonetheless, food is great.
4	I tend to forget about the existence of Sweet Tomatoes since I have it every time I have gone and the price is fairly good. The salads are very good with the pre made types but I love the selection of dressing with the create your own. But forget the salads! I love the soup and variety of muffins. YUM! Always a great selection of soups and I end up having at least 3. But the corn bread with honey butter is so unreal. They also had some special coconut lemon muffins that were as good a muffin that I think I have ever had. It is a seasonal thing for the month too bad. But yes very good and only $10 for lunch.
3	Stopped by this location for lunch before a road trip to Los Angeles.   The family loves Sweet Tomatoes.  We arrived right in the middle of lunch time, so the place was packed.  Despite being busy, there was plenty of food on the line and it tasted good!I had a huge plate of Salad, Cheesy Bread, Macaroni & Cheese, Soup, and a little Chocolate/Vanilla Swirl Froyo....yum!One of the servers brought fresh Chocolate Chip Cookies to our table right out of the oven....although we were stuffed, we couldn't resist!I'm sure we'll be back soon.Return Factor - 75%
3	This Is one of those places you go with the family after watching a PG movie or the usual spot you go to for lunch with the bff to catch on current events, gossip, the weather... I really enjoy coming here with my bff, he always gets the noodle soup without the noodles and I always dress up my baked potatoes with "The Works"..Great times are spent here.
4	We have been to this location many times. Never a problem. Even though it is an older location, the food is usually fresh and tasty. The workers seem to appear out of nowhere and take dirty dishes away as fast as you move them to the side of the table.The ambience is terrible, too much noise and plenty of crying babies and noisy kids. But its a cheap place for families and they have to eat too! The best time to go to get a table is to avoid the crowds at lunch and dinner. If you show up for a late lunch at 2:30pm versus earlier at 1 or 2pm it's easier snagging a table and no wait. For fresher offerings, it's better to go for an earlier dinner, around 4:30p.m. The last few times we have been going, I have noticed that some items aren't as tasty as before, like the macaroni and cheese. And some other items. I wish they would go back to quality instead of quantity. I would go to this location again though.
4	I've been to this ST a few times and have always experienced friendly staff and fresh food.  I've noticed that the salad bar turnover is high, which explains the high quality of vegetables.  The soup station features 5-6 different soups, all made on-site and all tasty.  Baked offerings include several different types of bread (foccacia w and w/o cheese, cornbread, muffins) and dessert (crisps, cobblers, molten cake).  Frozen yogurt and fruit station seem popular, but can't tell you what they're like as I've never had any of it!  ST is great for vegetarians and for those wanting a lighter meal (as long as the desserts and cheesy items are consumed in moderation).  Cheap buffet + cafeteria style ambience = casual meal out.  Hey, no tip necessary!  :)
4	Staff is always very friendly and food is tasty.  Great for people who are health conscious.  The strawberry lemonade is excellent!  Cornbread muffins are tasty as well.
4	Personally, Sweet Tomatoes is one of my favorite places to eat.When i'm in a salad mood it can't be beat. (OMG that rhymed!!)But seriously...They have almost every salad topping that you could want and the price is right. Throw in some kick ass foccacia bread and those blueberrymuffins and im in salad/carb heaven. The only reason it doesnt get 5 stars is because the noise levelcan often be deafning b/c it is a family establishment. Seeing as I dont have kids im not immune to the noise yet :)
4	It's a good one - big, lots of parking and seating, and great service!All Sweet Tomatoes (aka "Souplantation") are good in my book, always consistent and fresh.  You know what you're going to get -- SALAD, SOUP, PASTA, and MUFFINS - done.  It's not good for a diet, you know that.  Too much temptation.  Hint: If you are on a diet, DO NOT GO TO ANY BUFFETS.   Pssst...here is a secret: If you have one plate, you will not gain wait and instead, pounds will shed.They keep everything well monitored and maintained so it's always fresh.  I'm a fan of a good all-you-can-eat salad bar that's kept fresh!  What makes this location standout is the service.  Really fun, friendly, and quick to take away dirty plates.One extra item just to throw a couple of more hundred calories at ya -- non-fat Dreyers Ice cream.  Both the vanilla, and the chocolate, are AWESOME!
4	So I mostly hate salad. Not like root canals or Mondays...but I still dislike salads strongly. So now I get to write one of those generic liens about how I loved Sweet Tomatoes, despite the fact that I should despise all they stand for and salt the earth beneath them. It's true though. I, hater of rabbit food actually enjoyed my visit. The ingredients were crisp, fresh and tasty. This is especially impressive given that I'm in Vegas, aka the enemy of all things crisp, fresh, and tasty, not necessarily in that order.Not only did were they good, but the ingredients were also plentiful and the choices were many.  Even the ranch was tasty, and usually people mess up ranch. It's either too thick, too thin or just tasteless altogether. It's kind of a pet peeve of mine, actually. Sweet Tomatoes did not leave me peeved, though on the all important ranch issue. Aside from the greenery, they featured a varied stock of soups, which are cooked in gigantic pots in the morning. Seriously. I saw into the kitchen. I could probably sit in one of the pots. The soups were also tasty, and well flavored. Not overflavored like many do. Just flavored. In general, keeping it simple and plentiful seems to be the entire mantra of Sweet Tomatoes. It works. From the food to the flavoring to the seating arrangements and decorations, it all falls into that line of thinking. In a world of overwork, overhype and overpushing by restaurants, Sweet Tomatoes went the opposite direction and they are all the better for it. If you like soup, go here. If you like salad, go here. If you like having prepackaged choices waiting for you...go somewhere else.
2	A couple days ago, I came here for an early lunch with Donald. We had a coupon for $6.99 lunch that was good for up to four people. They open at 11am Mon-Sat and it was only 11:15am when we got inside. When we started going down the salad bar, I couldn't help but notice that everything looked like it was just uncovered from the night before. A lot of the salad was limp and majority of the toppings were almost empty. Considering they just opened 15 minutes before, it shouldn't have looked like that at all. In fact, one would think we would be getting the best of everything because it should all be newly stocked. That just wasn't the case here...We looked at the menu online beforehand to make sure they had soups that we would like. The main reason why I wanted to go was for the Cream of Broccoli and Sweet Tomato Onion, so after eating some salad I went to load up on soup. I saw French Onion, chili, Cream of Broccoli, Turkey Noodle, Dill Potato, and Split pea. What was missing? The Sweet Tomato Onion!! Apparently they just don't follow their menu that's posted online because the Tomato Onion and Chicken Noodle were missing, but they had Dill Potato and French Onion, which weren't even on their online menu.The only thing I really liked about my experience here the other day was that it was easy to find booth seating right next to the soup/pasta section because it was very early on a weekday, but that's not enough of a bonus to add another star.
4	After looking online for a healthy option for dinner, my husband and i decided to try Sweet Tomatoes. They had great options at the salad bar and so many soups to choose from. I love that everything is made daily from scratch. The food was great, though the atmosphere left something to be desired. While it wasn't terrible, it was a little loud & crowded. Lots of kids running around. If the food weren't so darn good that might scare me from going back. But I'm already looking forward to going back & chowing down on more soup & salad. The biscuits were amazing too.I like that they have smaller plates & bowls to help promote portion control. I had plenty to eat w/out stuffing myself. All for a great price.The only thing I would change is to have a server fill drinks.
4	Good, healthy food at a great price.  I wish they had someone get the drinks for you or had more than one beverage station.
3	We've been coming here for years. It is a bargain if you have the coupons that are available in the mail or online.The past couple times, I have noticed a downward trend of quality. recently, some items were added to the "upgrade" section. For almost $11 for dinner, I would rather pay an extra buck & just have as much chicken as we want. Not for $2.49 & only one 3 or 4 oz serving!The soups are fairly good quality. The chowder & the potato leek soup alone made a star on the review.  The pasta dishes have dropped badly in quality. Fazoli's had better pasta - and that is a fast food place! I would like to see a return to basics on their pasta. What's the use of sausage & peppers if you cannot get the pasta right?For a salad bar restaurant, Sweet Tomatoes has a very poor selection of fruit. Watermelon, pineapples, & cantaloupe should be standard, plus maybe one or two others. They had bananas and apples! Wow how imaginative for the price we paid. Not. The selection of hot tea is quality. Two different red tea selections. The pomegranate green tea was tasty. BTW, it is the Republic of Tea company, not Lipton or Nestea. Jason's Deli does offer a better salad, where a soup can be bought for $1. Maybe we will give Sweet Tomatoes another chance in a few months. But it is no longer the go-to place it once was.
2	I was just simply unimpressed. Limited selection of food. Extra charge for anything at a buffet is always a turn-off. An extra $2.49 for chicken on a salad at a buffet is downright ridiculous!On a good note, the chili was pretty good and the cornbread was also.
5	Excellent quick lunch as usual. Always reliableClean and fresh veggiesGreat range of good soups.Cannot pass opinion on pastas but the various breads are goodJust enough desserts to keep the sweet tooth happyLady came round twice with chocolate chip cookies1
4	So after a few weeks of Yelping and dining out everywhere I decided to eat a wholesome meal. My girlfriends daughter recommended this place. I was hesitant as Im a meat potatoes & seafood guy  but agreed to give it a shot.I made a huge plate of salad without. Realizing there was a soup/chilli side that comes with deserts.  Dont fill up on the salad side! I did and had to force down some chilli, some cream of  broccoli and a cookie. I will be happy to go back the next time I get a healthy urge and I know my GF and her daughter will be happy to join me.
2	The best word to describe this place is Meh. The food is okay, nothing spectacular nothing really worth trying a 2nd time. I hadn't been to a Sweet Tomatoes in years until my kids' school decided to have a fundraiser there. Nothing had really changed and I was quickly reminded why I hadn't ventured back in so long. The salads are eh-okay. The pre-made salads are all too heavy on the salad dressing, which leaves you no choice but to create your own. They have a nice variety of items, like jicama and fresh peas. Once you get past the salads there are the most bland pasta dishes ever found outside of a can. The three pasta selections actually have a nice al dente texture but the sauces are so void of flavor they ruin the whole dish. The bran muffins are tasty and moist. The soups always sound good in theory yet when I go to try one they continually disappoint. I was excited to see corned beef and cabbage soup, yet once I tasted it ...it was just meh, or maybe just blah. The Irish potato soup proved the same outcome. I didn't try the soft serve ice cream or the jello/ puddings, but I'm sure they were mediocre at best.
4	The salad is good but they have made a lot of topping premium.  Seriously, since when did fruit become a premium item?  They are charging extra for canned and dried fruit.  I would understand fresh fruit.  Outside of the premium sides, the salad buffet has a lot of items that you can add to your salad without extra charge.The kettle chili is really good.  I tried the shrimp bisque and was very disappointed.  I didn't enjoy the taste or texture.  My husband had the chicken noodle and was very happy with the big chunks of white chicken and noodles. The fresh pasta is becoming more flavorful and moving away from being completely bland.  We tried the penne garden tomato with basil and it was very good.The cherry apple crisp was ok.  This dessert was overly sweet since it appears they used canned apples.
4	The food here is pretty good. There are a lot of toppings for your salad and you can build a pretty good salad. The premium toppings aren't really all that premium though and cost a decent amount more. There is a decent selection of soups, but they only usually have a few other hot items. The whole point is the salad though and it's really good.
2	I've definitely have had better!There was a big salad and salad topping selection, but that was about it. No pizza, some sticky pastas, a really runny ice cream machine, watered down tasting teas.It's a nice restaurant, typical decor, lots of windows. Will we return?? Nah.
3	I love salads. My husband calls me a rabbit because I prefer salads over hamburgers etc. For it to be a salad buffet, they are totally lacking in the salad dressing department. Customer service was nice and they also gave me a cookie gift bag because it was my first time there. I just didn't like much of the choices and the soups were warm. Not as hot as I would like them to be.
5	healthy choice. great bang for your buck. cheap place to get lots of healthy salad and food. always fresh and good. staff always helpful and on par. thanks again for a great experience.
2	My idea of going out for dinner does not involve fluorescent lights, kids running around, and using tongs that are sitting IN the food.  But once in a while I break my own rules.I had some errands to run, late as usual, and was in the shopping center anyway, so I called my husband and suggested he meet me there.  We've been here many times before.  He got a BOGO coupon online and drove over. Sweet Tomatoes is usually okay, and tonight it was less okay.  I was surprised to see that the prices are now up to $10.50 pp.  Okay, but we had a BOGO.  But wait...in order to use it, you have to buy two drinks.  We don't usually buy drinks unless they're alcoholic, and I know from past experience that Sweet Tomatoes' coffee is the worst swill in the world.  They charge 2.39 for any drink, which puts their coffee at a price even higher than Starbucks, and it's undrinkable. I don't do soda or iced tea.I usually like their salads, but tonight was an exception.  One, a spinach with turkey, apples, and almonds, tasted really peculiar.  Every month the theme changes except, apparently, December.  All the inspiration went out with Thanksgiving.  There was stuffing to put into a cream of turkey soup.  Many of the salads had turkey as an addition.  The soups were uninviting, too, unless you like cream soups:  there were two to choose from.  They had an Asian Ginger broth whose sign said to add spinach, mushrooms, scallions, and a host of other ingredients, but all of those were way on the other side, requiring a walk to the back of the restaurant to get around back to the front, where the salad item are.  And the one chili seemed like a soup with meatballs, thin and watery, and not very spicy.I've never tried any of the hot pasta dishes until tonight, but the penne in a peppery sauce with Italian sausage sounded good, so I took a tablespoonful.  It was dreadful - lukewarm, with gummy pasta and just one speck of sausage left in the entire wok receptacle.  One big reason I don't like coming here is the ambient temperature.  In the summer, it's freezing, because the air conditioning is blasting and the ceiling fans are spinning.  In the winter, it's...freezing!  I had on a sweatshirt and a fleece jacket, and couldn't take the jacket off.  It started to warm up a little, and then got so cold my nose was running.  I asked the manager if it was corporate policy to keep the place so cold that people eat fast, eat less, and leave!  He said the AC wasn't even on.  I hope this review will help turn on the heat, literally and figuratively.
3	This is a salad buffet, not a high end restaurant, so expect the tongs in the food, messy tables, and out of control kids. For the price it is alright. You can always go back and get more, duh. But they have a really ridiculous 'premium' items section, which is essentially chicken pieces, for an extra dollar. Unless you are going to die without those items on your salad, skip them and fill your plate with the healthy greens.They have seasonal foods, such as chili in the winter, and strawberries in the spring. They always have low fat ice cream, and brownies, which you can make into a brownie sundae. Waiters come around and clear your table pretty well, and will leave you a plate of warm chocolate chip cookies. They have many options for everyone, from vegan to carnivore.
5	Sweet Tomatoes...Sweet Tomatoes...Ever since moving to Las Vegas from California, I had to change the way I called this place. Back in Cali, its called SOUPLANTATION. Here, its Sweet Tomatoes. Why sweet tomatoes?! They don't even serve sweet tomatoes here per se, for crying out loud. Soooo....I'm still calling this place Souplantation. So ha! Take that, Vegas!!! ;)Anyways, I've always been a big fan of this place. I love soups and salads. I'm sure you may all be familiar with how Souplantation/Sweet Tomatoes work. It's a buffet style line so you can get as much or as little as you want. Right when you walk in, you start off at the salad bar and after you pay for your meal, you work your way to the soups, bread and pasta station.To sum it up: This is a buffet without all that unhealthy fatty greasy foods. It's all soups, salads, bread and "healthy" pasta (sometimes they cook with whole grain pasta and their sauce is on the lighter side).
5	My mom and i love this place, is light, healthy and you get full. The people who work there was with smile and ready to help.The prices are a little high but if you are member of The club veg you always have coupons in your email.  And the great thing, I don't have to print them, just I show them in my phone.I love the couscous, I wish they always have it. If you want to try something crazy, make yourself a strawberry shake with their strawberry lemonade and vanilla yogurt.
3	I am torn on what I want to rate Sweet Tomatoes as today.  I went last night for dinner and I enjoyed it but not really enough to give 4 stars.  However, I feel 3 stars is too low.  How about I break it down and let you all decide.I start by parking in what appeared to be a mostly empty section on parking lot.  I walk to one door.  No go.  It is an exit only.  So I walk to the next door.  Same thing.  Exit only.  Before I knew it I was on the other side of the building.  No matter though.  It just means that I have an easy exit back to my car when I am done eating.  Having not been to a Sweet Tomatoes or Souplantaion style restaurant in a very long time I did not remember that you start by grabbing a tray and plate and filling up with salad before you pay.  It was confusing to me at first.  So I just followed the lead of those in front of me.  The line moved a bit slowly but it gave me time to put what I wanted on my plate without feeling rushed.  I had Ceasar salad, spinach, mixed greens, olives, beats, shredded squash, feta cheese, sun flower seeds, cauliflower, cucumber, and mushrooms all topped with balsamic dressing.  When I got to the register I gave the cahsier the coupon I had for 20%.  She scanned it and I paid $11.19.I then sought out an open table where I could eat without feeling like I was taking up space as a single diner in a place that is set up more for groups.  I settled in an open area near the soda fountain.  Before I started on my salad I went up to the soup bar and filled a bowl with cream of mushroom soup.  It was a toss up between that and the creamy tomato basil.  I feel I made a wise choice.  The mushrooms I could tell were fresh.  Not canned.  Delicious.  I also grabbed a piece of sour dough bread and some creamy butter before heading back to my seat.  As a speedy eater I did not feel like I was in the way at all.  I ate my one plate of salad, one bowl of soup, and one piece of bread before people near me in line were even half way done with their food.  I was out of there quickly.  During the time I was in there I was greeted by a friendly cashier and a lady picking up trays and asking if I needed anything else.  There is not much expected in a buffet style restaurant but the service here was good.  The major issue I have is the price.  $10.29 plus the price of a drink and tax seems high for a salad bar.  Perhaps if I had gone for seconds it would have seemed more worth it.So, what do you think?  3.5 stars?  Seems fair to me.
5	This restaurant never ceases to amaze me. I love the open pasta bar. The cornbread with the honey butter spread is so delicious. It tempts me to wanna bring a ziplock baggy to take them to go. The servers are always working hard to keep the tables cleared and ready for incoming guest. The prices are reasonable and affordable. Very spacious restaurant seating area.
5	It's not fine dining or whatever, it's just a family salad bar and sometimes you just want a salad. Sign up for the coupons and use them for better value and drink water. Expect what you pay for.I am a vegetarian and I love eating here. They do charge extra for meat, but I think that is fair since I don't want to pay for something I will never, ever be indulging in. I appreciate their vegetarian options, however I wish they had more vegetarian soups on any given day. I always feel very disappointed when I pay and then end up with one soup choice that I don't care for. Lord knows they always have 8 different varieties of chicken soup. That is my only complaint, I love the vegetarian broccoli soup.If you are shopping in Best of the West and need a quick, light meal then this place is for you. People bring babies though, so if you are looking for a candlelit luxury meal experience then you aren't going to find Gordon Ramsey in here....
4	This is one of the best Sweet Tomatoes on the planet.  The food is delicious %90 of the time.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant is in great shape considering it's age and the volume of customers.
4	Cool! Sweet Tomatoes has improved significantly since I had it last (about a year ago). This was my 5th time eating here over the course of 4 years, and by far the best and most appealing experience yet.If you're looking for a salad bar along the lines of Ruby Tuesday's - here you go. Cold, fresh, and a very impressive selection. The few times I looked down and wondered, "Are those carrots or squash? Zucchini or cucumbers?" there would be a sign on the sneeze shield indicating what it was. There are some smart folks running this franchise! Soups (included) were great. Especially the baked potato soup, the chicken & rice soup and the chili. And none were too salty - a great thing.Glad I gave it another shot. A fun, healthy alternative to the smorgasbord of Asian / Mexican places that we usually end up at for lunch!
1	Ewww!! Totally grossed out. I can't believe what I saw! Never eat here again. I noticed as I was going up to get more food employees eating behind the food bars and you won't believe this by also spotted a RAT underneath a booth bench. Scared the living day lights out of me. Ran out of the restaurant as fast as I could. Will never ever go back.
1	So I found a dead fly in my salad....after when I was practically finished with the damn plate. Ummm yeah...looks like I won't be going to this place for a looooong time now. I'm completely turned off by Sweet Tomatoes at this point.Granted, I understand things happen and I'm sure I must of eaten some other "unmentionables" at one point or another in my life. Who knows what had happened "back stage" at other restaurants I've been to. BUT....seeing something like this RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME is just disgusting. Imagine if I didn't see and actually swallowed it!? Geez...I don't even wanna imagine that. O_O We told the manager on duty. He apologized and offered us two complimentary meal + drink passes for next time. HAHAHA....yeah, next time, my ass!!I took a picture of it but after I posted it on the "tip section" of the Yelp app, I deleted it off my phone. Ugh..don't want to be reminded of what I ALMOST put in my body.Peace out, Sweet Tomatoes.
4	Great place to eat especially if you're on a health kick. They are basically a soup and salad buffet. You simply walk in and load up on salad and various toppings and dressings and pay for your meal and drinks. Once you sit down, they have an area in the back where you will find soup (about 5-7 different kinds daily), bread, baked potato, fruit and dessert. Lunch is $8.99 and dinner is a few bucks more I believe
1	Food sucked. Strawberry's were kinda fresh. prices way too high. no more chicken up grade available. prices too high
4	We are a family of 6, so eating here is a splurge, one that we do about once a month.  Our kids are old enough to help themselves at the bar and go back for seconds. At the salad bar the kids usually get some of the toppings on their plate( not much lettuce), but go crazy on the soups, mac and cheese, pizza and chocolate muffins. Our family favorite soups are the clam chowder and chicken noodle.  I love the cornbread with honey butter. I wish it weren't so expensive to eat here!!!!  Oh well.... we love this place and will continue to visit.... just not as often as we'd like to!
3	Come at 4 pm. It costs more because they just switched to dinner, but so much less crowded.As good as it gets in Vegas for healthy food that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.
4	I don't visit often but when I do decide to come by, I always enjoy the food. You start off with getting your fresh salad with all sorts of fixin's. I usually just opt for their Caesar Salad or the Asian Wonton Salad. You pay after you get your salad then once you're situated at your table, grab a drink and more entrees!It's basically endless bread, soup, pasta, pizza, baked potato, ice cream etc.! Every month, they try to feature different dishes depending on the theme they choose. It was Italy when I last visited so they had 3 different pastas & various soups to commemorate Italian culture.I just chose my usual staples; Garlic Foccasia Bread, Cheese Pizza, Corn Chowder, Broccoli & Cheese Soup & most importantly Cornbread with Honey Whipped Butter. GAHHH! My favorite. I also love their Strawberry Lemonade. I think it's a pretty good place for brunch/lunch, there's not a huge selection for food but trust me, you'll always leave full. You'll feel quite healthy too, no-guilt attached. I think that's a pretty good feeling considering we are all foodies here. :)(Sidenote: Price is pretty good, even better when you use coupons from those mailers/newspapers)
4	Sweet Jesus! The strawberry lemonade is 100% made from real lemons and strawberries!! It is delicious!!
4	I haven't been to one of these since I lived in Tucson over a decade ago. I loved it then, I love it now. The salad bar is always well stocked, they offer a rotating menu of ethnic salads and sides, best of all there's more than just salad!They lure you in with the salad and then get you with the soup, bread, pasta, cookies...OMG the AYCE healthy salad now turns into my need to fill up on all the carbs I was trying to avoid by coming here in the first place! I don't regularly patron buffet restaurants, but when I do I go to Sweet Tomatoes! Come hungry my friends!
4	I enjoy the limitless selections on the salad bar. Five or Six soups to choose from. 3 types of muffins, baked potato, prepared pastas, fresh fruit, yogurt and toppings. Cold drinks, coffee, tea... I know that fast food restaurants work hard at keeping things clean. However sweeping the carpet with a broom and dustpan was a little disturbing. I know they need to tidy up, however when you begin to raise floaters that I needed to wave away from my plate. As you enter the restaurant you make the decision as to which side of the buffet you are going to stroll. Pick up our tray and plate and get a squirt of some hand sanititzer just before you embark on the valley of veggies. It's nice that they have the sanitizer, however everyone does not partake. So it might be a good idea to have more sanitizer at the end of the line by the cashier or give out wipes at the table. Each veggie of course has its own spoon/serving utensil and I try really hard not to let that skeeve me out, know how many hands that have possibly touched each. Welllllll, that's not going to stop me! I've got my own system to help me enjoy my meal every time. LOL
4	I have really liked this place for a long time. If you like soup and salad and don't mind getting your food yourself, then this place is for you. I like being able to chose all of my salad toppings. Everything is kept fresh. Soups are pretty yummy. I usually get some muffins too...with honey butter! Yum!Staff is always friendly and keep your dirty dishes clear.
3	It's okay. Nothing to die for but if you have no where to go, it's next best thing. But their lemonade is amazing!
4	Chose Sweet Tomatoes as a healthier alternative to the standard work lunch. We were greeted by the friendly staff upon our arrival and came across friendly staff throughout the restaurant. I started out good with salad, but eventually made it over to the breads and muffins. All of the salad fixins were fresh and well stocked. After polishing off the salad, I put the carb counting aside and loaded up on baked potato soup with a fine compliment of garlic cheese bread and pepperoni pizza bread. Next was a round of chili and corn bread. So much for eating in moderation today. I was a little disappointed the vanilla soft serve wasn't working, but the chocolate was there for the taking. All in all, it was a very tasty meal at a decent price. Lunch plus a beverage will put you over ten bucks. If you opt for water, it's a couple of dollars cheaper. I've never had a bad experience at Sweet Tomatoes and will definitely return.
4	For a salad bar restaurant , its pretty good. Always fresh, great soup, some basic bread, baked potato, and pasta that is not special. Salad dressings are pretty good.I am so confused by this place, if this is healthy food why is everyone that eats here so fat?
5	fresh home made soup and salad. What more can a girl ask for
5	I do love this place as I'm always down for a good salad. I love how they switch out items and how the salad bar along with soup stations are always fully stocked and fresh. Can't complain about their fresh desserts as well. I do have to say that this place is way better than Zupas as Zupas' soup pales in comparison to this place.I have to give all stars as my friend and I visited this place recently and after still being there half an hour before closing, they tossed the perfectly good hot items and placed fresh new batch. It shows that no matter how late and how little the number of customers there are, they still are keen on quality even with so much waste.
5	Do you love fresh salads and soups? Do you have friends that are vegan or vegetarian? This is the place for you! The salad bar is endless. Every item is listed with the ingredients too. So you can avoid meat or dairy with great ease. Not to mention the dessert area is effing drool worthy.
4	Over all it's a good place. Staff is very friendly. Their strawberry lemonade is the best all around vegas. I usually pay extra to have it to go. Only thing that makes me put 4 star is the price. I'd say a bit pricey for just veggies !!!!
3	Some huge company own this place and Souplantation because they're identical which isn't a complaint for me. I like these kind of salad places. Come and eat as much salad as possible and this location wasn't bad. Salad was fresh. Also, military discount.
3	Right by my corporate office makes it a convenient choice. Food is fine and service is good. Never lost a game of credit card roulette almost bumped it to 5 stars.
4	Never had a bad visit. Food is always fresh. Only complaint is its a little pricey for a salad buffet especially when you can go to station casino and eat all the salad you want for cheaper and just as good. Wish they would price it better for what you are getting. Other wise its an awesome place to eat.
4	This was the first restaurant I ate at after moving to Las Vegas. Clean facilities, large variety menu with favorites and seasonal changes. Friendly staff. Military discount and many mail coupons very fair pricing. Desert options are a bit poor but they have soft serve ice cream.
3	Great salad bar. I was disappointed that they don't have the chicken and salmon additions to the salad any more. The soups were good and so was the bread. The pasta selection was very bland and unappetizing.
4	this plate is pretty amazing sister restaurant w/ souplantation in LA Very good salads drinks the acai berry green tea Soups made from scratch!! baked potatoes w/ all the fixings fresh pastas an array of baked goods ice cream machine fruits and desserts would come back again
4	Decently surprised with this chain! Reminds me of Souper Salad, which we have back in Texas. I like how you are able to immediately pick up a plate and start assembling your salad as soon as you walk in, and that there are two sides to the salad bar itself- made things move quite quickly.Or at least that was the intention. There seemed to be some sort of issue with the cashier on our side disappearing, and an employee stocking silverware had to hop on register at the last minute but her login was not going through- luckily, the cashier on the other side (Jarra?) came to the rescue and began attending to both sides of the buffet line and alternating transactions with her register. Way to step up!The salad bar portion started with a few premade featured salad options, then had all the ingredients, add-ons, and dressings to fix up your own. BF and I did a little of each. You're able to customize to make your meal as healthy or unhealthy as you want- I really try to stay away from the premade versions as they general are over-dressed and have more caloric ingredients.Once you are seated, you can then add on soup options. Tomato soup was delicious,  cream of mushroom was a super-fresh featured flavor, and the clam chowder was very flavorful. The black bean chili had surprising depth of flavor but didn't really suit me, nor did the chicken noodle chunk.The baked potato bar, pasta options, and dessert area are very limited- which for us was a good thing, as we could not really be tempted and could focus on the healthy meals we came here for. Lots of breads though- add a stick or two to the bottom of your soup bowl, especially the garlic bread + tomato soup combo.Service at the table was surprisingly attentive about clearing dishes, asking if there was anything we needed, and generally maintaining a productive and positive attitude throughout the dinner rush time.
5	My family and I come here all the time, and it's always amazing. There isn't a large variety of food but there's no need, the food they have is more than enough. The food is excellent and the staff is super friendly. A special mention to the manager who went out of his way to help me and was really helpful. We will continue to come here
4	One of my favorite restaurants. Not heavy but healthy food with affordable price.They also change menu for specific holidays.Also, I love their coupons !!
4	I love their salads, especially the wonton asian salad. The bar holds a lot of items and you can make practically any salad you want with it. Their turkey chili soup was the best one I sampled while I was there. The potato creamy soup did not have enough flavor, did not have a chance to try the cauliflower and cheese. Their ice cream is surprisingly thick. Usually, soft serve machines produce watered down ice creams that melt within seconds. Not here. The lemon lava cake is delicious. I was a bit disappointed by the blueberry muffins, maybe it was because the one I got was a bit on the burnt side and was not moist enough.Can't wait to come back!
3	I haven't been here in a while and opted for Sweet Tomatoes because it was one of the healthier options in the area. The staff was friendly and had someone walking around with free cookies. The soft serve machine was broken, as it was when I was here six months ago, but they did have an employee scooping ice cream the good old fashioned way. Lunch for two with a beverage was north of twenty-five bucks , which seems to me to be more than it was last time. It was crowded and there were a few kids serving themselves who were much shorter than the sneeze guard. Gesundheit!! All in all, it was an average experience.
3	I love Sweet Tomatoes and have only been to the Arizona locations until now....this location was not the cleanest. The salad dressings were disgusting and mixed with others salad dressings that had fell in it by clumsy people. Some of the vegetables had the same thing occurring with other food particles mixed in. When I went to the soup station someone must of changed their mind and left their bowl there half full with soup....when I went back 10 minutes later the bowl was still sitting there. No one was bussing tables apparently because we sat with a couple of empty plates with no room for anything.
4	Not too shabby! If you're looking for a healthy alternative to fast food, this is good choice if you have the time. It was a happy surprise to find quinoa at the salad bar and sugar free chocolate pudding in the dessert area.
4	i love going to Sweet Tomatoes...met my friend here since it was closer to her than to us on w flamingo. i forgot how busy they get with alot of keikis...unfortunately on this side some people are just ignorant and messy.
5	Had a great lunch today. Light, flavorful and nice variety. The buffet was very well maintained. The floor staff were all very happy, friendly and kept the place immaculate. We left refreshed and happy. Thanks
5	Perfect for the vegetarian diet! It's always hard to find great places to eat that have a decent selection for the vegetarian diet. This place tops the cake! Huge salad bar, several soups, even pastas and other dishes to choose from. I never leave feeling hungry and always feel like I had a nice variety of foods to choose from. One suggestion would be to offer a few more sugar-free dessert items and since the name of your place is Sweet Tomatoes, it would be nice if you always had your tomato soup stocked in the soup bar. This is, however, one of my most favorite places to dine out. And, it's all you can eat, so if you leave hungry, that's no one's fault but your own.
4	This place is great for the whole family! I love this place because I am a vegetarian and there is an endless variety of things for me to choose from! They always have fresh food out and it's yummy! The salad bar is my favorite! Of course my kids love the mini ice cream cones, while my husband can't get enough of the Mac and cheese! This is always our go to place and with the family coupons it's a great deal!
4	The food was really good. I really enjoyed it. The restaurant was nice and clean and had plenty of seating. They had good customer service in this restaurant and I think it's a nice place to stop at for lunch.
3	Las Vegas is the buffet capital of the world. It just doesn't make sense to pay $11 for a buffet that is so limited. Yes, they have a long salad bar and they have 3 soups and 3 pastas, some muffins and some soft-swirl ice cream. For the same price you can go to any of a dozen casinos and have all that and a lot more. Most of the buffets feature carving stations with turkey, ham or beef. They also have Mexican or Chinese food and usually piles of fresh cut melons, not to mention a tempting array of desserts. The off-Strip casinos are about the same price as Sweet Tomatoes.  The only benefit I see to Sweet Tomatoes is that it isn't in a casino which is a plus for families. To me it's not worth the money.
5	I use to work at Sweet Tomatoes , and Let me tell you guys something , we wash our spinach , lettuce etc and we are very clean with our foods ,everything is freshly baked . Very healthy as well . I love sweet tomatoes I don't work there anymore but the workers are amazing and the food is delightful
5	The food here is amazing. I can eat so much and not feel bad about myself lol chocolate muffins are a favorite. Great choices on salads.
5	I've been going to Sweet Tomatoes since before I started Yelping, so there's a long history behind this review.PROS:*  Extensive salad bar.  Almost always full.  Prepared mixed saladsare freshly made and refreshed often.  (You can watch the staff make it if you happen to be there when it's happening.)*  Extensive soup menu.  Despite a review stating three soups, there are either six or seven bain maries for soup (I can't remember exactly).  Soup is always freshly made; never boxed nor canned.  Certain soups are constant, like their Big Chunk Chicken and their Chili; some are seasonal.*  Fresh pasta (three types) always freshly made.*  Baked potatoes (and recently added baked sweet potatoes).  Condiment bar right there.*  Several types of breads and muffins, both sweet and savory.  Butter, margarine and "honey whip" available.*  Staff is pleasant and always helpful.  I have a bad leg and my wife has had back reconstruction; when we walk in with our walking sticks, we are ALWAYS asked if we need assistance taking trays to tables.  Frequent offers to have our drinks refilled instead of us walking to the beverage station.  Empty plates and bowls picked up from the tables on a regular basis.CONS:*  Sometimes the customers are faster at making a mess than the staff is at cleaning it up.  Splashed dressings (a teaspoon or so of ranch in the French, for example) can't always be resolved with the lines of patrons running through the place.  Also "mixed vegetables" (some cabbage in the radishes, for example) ... same concept.  Not everyone has the same accuracy.  Myself included.  As full as they get the bins, I tend to spill a bit of cabbage or a few pieces of mushroom myself.  My apologies to the folks behind me if I don't always get a chance to clean up after myself.If you don't like serving yourself when you go out to eat (my mother is one such), Sweet Tomatoes may not be for you.  Otherwise, "come 'n' get it!"  You may just see me and my darling wife there.
5	Phenomenal service. Fresh salad and tasty soups made from scratch! I will definitely be back. They make it so easy to eat healthy.
2	I did not like eating here. I normally go to the Sweet Tomatoes on flamingo and the 215, their food is always good and fresh. I love it there but when I went to this one, the food was yucky and seemed to be siting out longer. I did not have a pleasant experience here. I will not be back here again. It just wasn't up to par to what I am accustomed, set up is also strange.
2	Ehh this place is very clean and the food LOOKS good. However, as I ate the food, the tastes seemed to get worse and worse as I tasted different foods. You can try it for yourself but ehh not really something to look forward to. Lesson from all this, looks can be deceiving.
3	i did like the salads a lot but the soups where not that good
5	Been an amazing experience here! I love this place, its so yummy. Good to take your kids too and has a wide variety of soup, salad, pasta and more.
1	Sweet Tomatoes sucks and I'm always confused about how many people are always there. The food is always old, food trays and surrounding areas are filthy, and the selection is so extremely limited and disgusting. Also, the charge is about $13 per adult plus extra for drinks but you can get such a nicer meal elseware at so many wonderful restaurants. I've only been there twice and was regretful both times I went...can't believe I gave it even a second chance. I'll never eat there again.
4	I stumbled upon this salad bar while killing time driving around Las Vegas a couple of months ago, and in need of something for lunch.  It looked interesting, so I did a quick Yelp search from the parking lot to see what it was all about, and seeing decent reviews, I stepped inside.  When I first walked in, it took me a minute to figure out the process, but thankfully there was an employee right there doing some cleaning, and he pointed me in the right direction.  Down the salad bar I worked, creating a huge salad of all my favorite veggies, many of which you don't see at a typical salad place.  I wish I had realized at the time that there were more delicious things down the other end of the bar and beyond, so I could have left some room on my plate!  Once you work past the regular salad stuff, you get to some prepared salads.  I tried one that was vegan.  After finish with the salad bar, you pay a flat rate per person, depending on whether it's lunch or dinner hours.  The cashier somehow realized that I was a newbie, so she explained the company to me and welcomed me.  After paying, you can chose your seat, and then make your way to the hot bar, which included soups, chili, bread, potatoes, sweet potatoes, and probably some other things I can't remember two months later.  Even though I already had a huge salad on my plate, I had to try a little taste of the ministrone soup, and a wheat roll. There is also a dessert bar, but aside from the fresh fruit, there didn't appear to be anything this vegan could eat.  While I was sitting, enjoying my meal, the manager, who apparently also caught wind that I was new to the restaurant, came over, welcomed me, and gave me a small bag of their in-house made chocolate chip cookies!  Never before had I felt so welcomed at a business, I knew I'd be returning before my trip was over.  Didn't even care about being given cookies I could not eat.  I was happy to share them with my husband's hockey teammates.  I did return a day or two later with my husband, who also enjoyed the experience.  Unfortunately on the second trip, we were rushed, so we didn't get to sit and enjoy our meal as much, but it was still delicious.  I really wish this business was in New Jersey.  Next time I'm traveling west, I'll definitely keep my eye out for a Sweet Tomatoes!
5	More than anything my review is for the service. WOW! WOW! WOW! best service I've ever had at a Sweet Tomatoes location.  Not sure if there was a change in management or something of the sort.  We were greeted at the front entrance and asked if it was our first time, it was for some of my family.  Then the cashier went out of her way in accomodating us with our coupons.  The waitress, super friendly and very good about picking up dirty dishes.  The best part though was when the manager ( young hispanic guy) came to our table said he heard it was our first time, gave us free cookies all wrapped up along with a coupon for next time.  Great job with the staff Sweet Tomatoes!!TIP: sign up for email and get weekly coupons.
