5	If you want good coffee without the corporate coffee environment,  then Copper Star Coffee is for you.  Take a seat with some friends and relax on the couch, converse over coffee and the best homemade cupcakes that will ever grace your lips.  This place is top notch, the decor is artsy,  the owner is friendly and his employees are cool.  GO!  ENJOY!  Kick your feet up!  Check out the awesome bathrooms too. FREE WI-FI.
4	Great tea selection in a coffeehouse that's unique 'cause it's in a converted gas station.
5	I'll throw in my 2 cents on Copper Star Coffee. I stopped in yesterday for the first time with a friend of mine. I had a raspberry Ghirardeli Chocolate mocha and he had a blended toffee drink of some sort. He said it was "super yumtastic". I knew his intent was to convey to me his like of said beverage, but I reminded him it wasn't a word and then we continued to enjoy ourselves. The interior is very industrial-cool. Brick walls exposed, ceiling exposed, all the electrical wiring in tubes running serpentine along the walls. Fresh baked items are made on the premises and if I hadn't just eaten a huge lunch, I would have sampled a brownie. It looked super yumtastic. Dammit, I guess it is a word. Anyway, it will give me a reason to go back.The converted gas station also has a huge garage door that, on nice days like yesterday, is opened. Even if you're sitting inside, you can enjoy a bit of the outdoors as well.
5	This place has hands-down become my favorite coffee shop in Phoenix.  The coffee and cupcakes are awesome, the atmosphere is equally as good, and with free wi-fi and comfortable seating this one of my favorite places to do homework or just chill.  The only issue this place has is the parking.  There are literally 2 off-street parking spots, and the rest is park at the curb...lucky me I am one of the fortunate ones living within walking (or biking) distance.  The coolest thing about this place though is Bill the owner, and the rest of his friendly staff.  I've frequented other coffee shops in the area, and don't frequent them anymore specifically because of the pretentious, snobby staff at those establishments.  From the first day I walked in to Copper Star however, Bill was super friendly striking up a conversation and really making me feel welcome.  His staff always seems to be in a good mood, and if they are coffee snobs like me they don't ever show it.  If you haven't been here yet, stop what you are doing and go check it out now!
4	The owner was really nice ... he learned customer service from his time at Oreganos ... He is a good guy!  Treats his customers with mad respect ...  Although it's way outside my neighborhood ... I maybe occasionally be passing Lux and Drip to get here ... but this place is nice ... with zero pretentiousness.The even play music that is inclusive not "exclusive" ... kinda a rarity for coffee shops IMHO ...
5	This place is super cute and the employees are pretty friendly.  The vibe is laidback and neighborhoody, making you want to hang out there forever.  They make an excellent Iced Chai Tea Latte and the giant cupcake that I had was delicious as well.I only wish I lived within walking distance of Copper Star so that I wouldn't have to worry about parking, which can be a bit tricky at times.Definitely check out the cool bathrooms (I'm guessing the men's is as nice as the women's) before you leave.
4	After reading all the reviews I had to check it out.  Unfortunately, I think I'm going to have to go again.  Not that it's bad that I'm going again mind you, it's just that I didn't really get to see it tonight.  Ok, I saw it....  (Talking in circles, Kristin - get it together....)We walked up.  There was a crowd.  They all seemed to be looking one direction.  And then, before we'd finished crossing the street I knew that we were about to enter.... The Poetry Reading zone!Don't get me wrong, I love a little poetry reading now and then.  But they'd kinda taken over the place.  I wanted to see the Star in its natural environment.  Instead we walked in mid performance (about a donut without a hole and its chance for better in the next life - from what I overheard) and practically tip-toed over to the counter.  As we couldn't speak up, the barrista didn't hear us approach (She was making some sort of baked good with her hands all up in it).  Finally, when folks clapped, she walked over and whispered to us so we didn't interrupt the performance.  Yea, she was nice, the Chai was good, and the brownie was rockin. And the place was just as beautiful as the pictures I'd seen. I SO love the bathroom sink!  But I still feel like I haven't BEEN there.  I've been to the Copper Star Poetry Hour - but not to the Copper Star.  Oh darn.  Forced to re-visit a cool coffee place.  So tragic.  Maybe I should write a poem about it....
4	Copper Star is a star baby. The cutest filling station (yes I said filling station, cuz that's how old this place is) turned coffee house in the oh so trendy hood along 7th Ave. I LOVE THIS PLACE. The owners are a wonderful couple (who frequent my FEZ, thank u very much) and the staff is perky and aromatic. Oh, and so is the coffee. I haven't tried any of the bakery items, but the lattes and coffee are right on the mark sistah. The decor is rec room chic. Lots of sunlight and art dotting the walls. Break the Starbuck's habit people. Support local entrepenuers (ok, I totally don't know how to spell that)...Hey, how about a spell check from the yelp people...sup with that? Anyhoo, tip, trip and sip your way to Copper Star. You'll be glad u did. And so will I.
5	You want good coffee?  You want good service?  You want nice people?  You want convenient location?  You want easy in/out?  You want *free* WiFi?  You want good sandwiches?You want Copper Star!End of story!
3	This is a cute place and totally laid back.  I didn't think the sandwhich I had broke and world taste records, but it was a fun and reasonably quiet place to hang out for a while, read, and eaves drop on fathers and sons talking about their week and teachers planning their science curriculum... not that I love eaves dropping.
5	I love this place.  I come here everyday for coffee... just about:)  The staff is very nice, they get to know their customers and remember their drinks.  They start making my coffee before i even say a word.  On saturdays and sundays i will indulge in the various flavors of croissants or scones and they are so delicious!
4	This place is great. The people are nice, the coffee is so good, and the free wi-fi is definitely a bonus. My only complaint? That it isn't in my neighborhood. That said, I go to Copper Star for the coffee. I could go somewhere closer, like one of the three coffee places within walking distance, but Copper Star does it better. The various bakery treats are okay, nothing phenomenal but certainly edible. I can't comment on the sandwiches, never having had one. The tiny patio is nice for cooler weather or enjoying the day with your canine companion. Be warned, it fills up fast with only two tables.ETA: Chocolate chip cookies have recently been added to the baked goods line- up, and man- are they amazing.
3	More style than substance.  The garage motif is done in such an adorable way that makes this a great space to hang out.  But coffee is just okay.
5	This is the place that I go to de-stress, to do homework, to celebrate a happy occasion.  I will take any excuse to go here.  I love that when I walk in I am always greeted with a smile and that there is never attitude.  The baked goods are irresistible but the coffee is what keeps me coming back.  There isn't a better soy latte in the entire valley.  It is deep but mellow and never, ever bitter.  I love CSC!!
5	I really like this coffee shop.  Pros:  Natural light (practically sunny inside), super clean (even the bathroom), decent coffee, open and airy, couches, clever design (converted gas station).  Cons:  Located 3 blocks from my ex-boyfriend's house.  Since I live on the other side of town, I cannot come here ever again.  If I run into him, he will think that I am stalking him.  I'm not taking this well (the loss of Copper Star).
5	Thumbs up to Copper Star. My friendly neighborhood coffee shop is a haven in an urban jungle. It's great to know that there are local coffee joints in Phoenix and CS is one the best. The converted gas station is a great place to hang out, get some coffee, and use the free wi-fi (woo-hoo!). The staff is friendly, the decor hip and the cupcakes tasty! Do yourself a favor and visit Copper Star.
4	Good brewed coffee, and awesome cupcakes.  Espresso, not so much.  The joint has a hipster feel and reminds me of the coffee places I used to hang out at in SF -- the servers are nice, and there's always an eclectic mix of people there, so I'm all about it.  It's got a chill outside seating area, and it's just an all-around good place to grab some decent coffee and read a book.  Plus, it's across from Wag N' Wash, so there's usually some cute dogs wandering around.
4	Whoa!  Lots of reviews on this place makes me realize I've been daft not coming to this place earlier despite it being closer to me than Lux or Willow House ... and ... i enjoyed it much more than either one of those other places. The barista (not sure if it was the owner since it was my first visit) was really polite and witty and even made me a Chai Charger to my exact specifications.   The outdoor seating was simply perfect for a cool January morning and was shaded by the building because somehow the Arizona sun never takes a break from gettin' yo ass, no matter what season it is.  We could enjoy hot coffee (or chai), smoke squares, and chat in a semi-private setting.The charm of this building is what originally attracted me to the place, but the great drinks and setting is what will keep me coming back.
5	Love Copper Star. There's something about it that is so reassuring. Whenever I need to hide from my crappy job I can always count on Copper Star to be there, waiting with good coffee and a cupcake. Warm, inviting and never swarming with annoying hipsters or yuppies.
4	This spot is calm and inviting, hip and moder, and lacking the pretension that can so often ruin a coffee shop. The coffee is fantastic and it's a good spot to spend a couple of hours on a rainy day, as my girlfriend and I did recently. This little stretch of 7th Ave. has become quite the hip little haven for Phoenix.
4	Sip your cup-o-joe in the former mechanic's bay of this historic gas station turned hip coffee house by my gradeschool friend, Bill Sandweg. Bill and his wife bring their years of restaurant management and service experience to this delightful addition to the 7th Avenue neighborhood. The pastries are home made.You've no excuse to escape your work either. Free wi-fi is just a couple of clicks away. The close quarters of the former garage make for easy conversation with strangers, now new acquaintances about politics, Ev Mecham or even your most recent Yelp review.Take advantage of the drive-thru, Starbucks-style as you drive past the antique gas pumps out front. All told, it's a great stop, and you can support another wonderful local business.Four stars 'cause they close at 9pm (as of the writing of this review). I wanna hang out Tempe-Coffee-Plantation style like in my ASU days.Thanks, Bill.
5	I used to frequent this joint before I moved to Vegas. Now I am back and finally made my return trip. Is it p[ossible they got better? It must be because they did.It used to be a gas station, which is suiting as I run off coffee just like my car on gasoline, though I pay more per gallon for mine. Comfy couches, hip artwork, tons of music that is on my ipod playlist anyhow, I love this place.I had possibly the best tuna fish sandwich that I have ever had in my life. Lemon ginger something or another...devine. Also iced green tea as I was feeling a bit ill and in need of rehydration. Hit the spot and has free refills all day. I would also reccomend the baked goods, as they are fresh baked and completely sinfully , irresistableThe service is friendly and efficent just as I remember it. Anytime I have been here I was treated kindly, politely, and rather like a friend. This is one of my favorite spots in the valley and when I retire at short bursts I try to visit daily.
5	Copper star wins five stars from me! I've enjoyed two visits to this lovely little coffee house in the melrose district of 7th ave, both have been delightful.  The owner was very nice in giving me an extra stamp on the "punch" card for my first visit.  I am a big fan of being rewarded for my loyalty so after 9 drinks (from apple juice to plain ole "drip") you get a 10th free (and we're talking lattes!)...There is a diverse quiet crowd here, and everyone pretty much keeps to themselves in a good way.  The music was not over the top, but current and enjoyable.   The shabby art on the walls is kind of fun to look at while they are steaming up that extra foam.I've sat outside both times and have been inspired to do a little after coffee antiquing, although I have yet to venture off of the patio with my latte.All in all, A+, great coffee, delicious strawberry cupcakes, good people, chill atmosphere..
5	love this place. The outside is so inviting you want to run right in! Great coffee and de-lish treats!! The staff is so friendly and it is a great neighborhood hang out!! yay for small coffee shops
3	Great location, super cool conversion of an old gas station. My only gripe would be that barista didnt rinse portafilter before pulling my espresso shots , thus my cappuccino tasted burnt. This is however a common problem at most indy coffee places.
5	Can you give extra stars for cute barristas? That's probably unfair. Plus, it's unnecessary because Copper Star earns five stars on its own merit.Phoenix has yet to turn me on. Now, I am sure there are many hidden oases of awesome out here in the desert, but I haven't found many. Thank you, Copper Star for not being a mirage. I enjoyed your coffee. I'm glad you have free wi-fi  and I really like the feel of your cafe. I'd say it's crisp. That's the term I'd give to Apple products if I didn't dislike Apple. Crisp: you've got it, Copper Star. Next time I'm in Phoenix...let that not be soon, I'm going to linger at one of your tables and savor another cup of joe and be content.
4	Cool place with lots of charm, this ain't no chain coffee house.I just had an iced coffee which was very good and the red cupcake.  -----I'm gonna get kicked in the nads and/or have several drinks thrown on me at the next Yelp event for sure for this next comment.--- The cupcake was just average, and the frosting was even a bit grainy. I'm gonna go buy a "cup" now so it doesn't hurt when I get kicked in the nads by everyone who loves their cupcakes.
3	Sometimes, I wish I were a coffee drinker.  I'm not.  I'll have what I call a "bitch coffee drink" a couple times a year, but that's it. Copper Star is right across the street from my house and I just ventured there for the first time with Nathan S today.I like the simple menu for drinks.  There are a few different categories and not a million different variations, which I think is cool.  If only other places would "K.I.S.S."I had the toffee coffee drink, and it was pretty good.  Not great.  Good.  I also had an apple croissant.  BARELY tasted the apples.  The croissant itself was light, buttery and flaky.  But, where were the apples?????????????I love the atmosphere here.I am seriously thinking of becoming a coffee drinker.  That's a key product here and MAYBE the stars would go up if I could taste the quality of the coffee.
5	I. love. Copper. Star! Why?Cool location (converted filling station with working drive thru...how cool is that?)Unpretentious (cute!) staff Cool owners (they so "get it")Fab coffee (never bitter, extra foamy when I ask!)Yummy cupcakes (never dry and lots o' yummy frosting!)Groovy musicGreat customersJust wish I lived closer....I'd be here all the time :).I dare say this is my favorite coffee place...in Phx...ever :)
5	Is it possible to have a crush on a coffeeshop?This place is, by far, my favorite new discovery in ages.  I've been driving past it on my way to and from work for ages but never had the time to stop in.  I have friends who rave about the place and go regularly, so I really wanted to check it out.  I finally did this past Saturday (5/31) and I scolded myself for not having done so sooner.My friend and I found a parking space out back in the tiny parking lot and walked in not really knowing what to expect.  One patron sat at a table with her laptop and the rest of the place was empty.  The friendly girl at the counter took our orders and gave her own recommendations for cool drinks.  I took her up on her suggestion of a peach smoothie.  It was wonderful - like drinking pureed peaches!  I took a sip of my friend's latte and knew I would be ordering one of my own at some point in the near future.  Before taking our drinks, my eyes lingered over the cupcakes on display; I must admit I drooled a bit.Because it was such a nice night, we sat outside and enjoyed our drinks.  It wasn't long before more people showed up.  A group of older folks joined us outside and a few other groups and couple settled inside.  My mind kept going back to the cupcakes I saw earlier, and I ended up going inside to buy one.  My choices were vanilla, red velvet, lemon, and strawberry (I think).  Not only were the cupcakes quite sizeable, but they had sprinkles - goldfish and piggies!  Very nice touch.  I ended up selecting a vanilla funfetti cupcake with bright blue icing and goldfish sprinkles.  It wasn't anything spectacular - just a cupcake made from a box cake mix - but it was a very nice treat and that much more special due to the fishies.  I know - it doesn't take much to make me happy.I've since been back twice and have used the very convenient drive-thru.  The first time, the man who came out to greet me asked if I had my stamp card after he took my order.  When I told him I didn't, he told me he would give me one, and he did - along with three stamps!  that morning I had another peach smoothie and decided to try the red velvet cupcake.  The smoothie was just as ood as the first, but this cupcake was VERY tasty - much better than the vanilla funfetti.  I stopped again this morning and ordered a vanilla latte.  That sucker far surpassed the vanilla lattes I usually get at Starbucks.I love supporting local businesses, and I'm only too happy to return to Copper Star time and again.  I suggest you do, too!
3	I enjoy Copper  Star. I have only ordered tea and a cupcake from here. The tea is good, but occassionally has a slight coffee taste. It comes in a huge cup and I don't know if this has changed or not, but you can go back and get a free refill on the same day which is great. The cup cake was very yummy. Though the last time I was at Copper Star I did find the two gals working to be kind of rude, which was odd considering any other time I have been there the service has always been friendly. I do think parking is a major pain. Their parking lot accomdates two to three vehicles after that you will have to park in the neighborhood in front of someone's house.I really only get to go to Copper Star when I visit my dad as he lives in the area, but if I lived closer I would go more often as it's a pretty laid back place to hang and sip on some coffee or tea.
3	To be succinct:$2.50 for my iced Americano - just like the menu said it would be. Of course, I had to ask where the menu was - amusing. My Americano was spot-on. I barely had to add any milk or sugar.Such a small space with hardly any parking whatsoever. Inside, very little options when sitting. No, I don't want to sit on a wooden chair for over 2 hours, thanks. Wish this place had more plush seats. Decor is cool and relaxing. Really liked the layout and I found the bathroom to be even cool. Go fig. Service was prompt and friendly. I'd go back, yes. But only to grab and run - maybe even do the drive-thru thing. Doubt I could find an open seat inside (or a parking spot outside), so why bother?
4	This is a great little shop.  They have a good product, that is worth your money and time.  Its a great place for conversation or to get a little work done.  Everything you could want in a coffee shop.But that's not all...When you buy your coffee from a big soulless company, *cough* Starbucks *cough*, you not only experience an inferior product, but you transfer local resources, your money, out of the state.  By supporting local businesses you promote competition, keep the money circulating in our community, and foster a more connected society.... That being said I am a quality monger and if Starbucks ever actually makes coffee/espresso that is the best, I will eat my words with a nice dry cappuccino.Anyways try this place out, I think you will like it.
4	Oregon chai. Spicy Oregon chai. That's all I care about. And Copper Star has it. They also have a nice atmosphere, cool patio with great misters, friendly staff and a big, plush couch.Sorry, I can't help coffee drinkers with this review.  But if you like chai, they'll make it however you want it--even blended though it's not on the menu.Now they just need to open up shop in Old Town and I'm set.Bonus--it's right next to a very cool record store.  That sells real records!
3	Huge points for unique atmosphere. This is a great "local" place with fresh made pastries, salads and goodies plus good beverages. And despite what others wrote, I had no problems with the wi-fi. This is for all the caffeine addicts who want a cool place to hang and have a coffee, but are completely over Starbucks. I have to throw in another comment about the atmosphere-this is what gives it the edge over the chains. Definitely worth checking out.
5	I love this place- It's not pretentious what-so-ever, the Ice Tea is good and has free re-fills, the Coffee is nice, the people that work there are cool/ friendly/ cute... and the bathroom sink is really cool also, if that helps anyone... You actually don't mind washing your hands, what a concept. The pastries are really good, but I wish they had more of a selection of Apple filled croissants in the afternoon, although the cupcakes look good, but as Frank Zappa said- "Some people prefer cupcakes. I, for one, care less for them." Yeah, it's also a converted gas station, but aesthetics aside, this place is a great chill out spot for my Sunday ritual of actually relaxing from the work week. Check out the community board as well, it's nice to see what's going on around the Melrose/ Coronado/ Downtown community.Enjoy
4	I finally made it to Copper Star!Now I understand the uniqueness that many of the reviews that came before me speak about... zero pretentiousness, friendly employees, and laid back, happy customers too.  As a matter of fact, I plopped down on the comfy eggplant purple sofa and started working on my computer but the guy next to me decided he wanted to be my new best friend.Luckily, Jason W happened to come in and come to the rescue... (I'm sure you all know what I'm talking about - when you can't get a complete stranger to stop talking your ear off!)  Anyways, I didn't have any coffee, but I did take note of the wide selection of coffee drinks offered as well as tea, smoothies, and other specialty drinks.  I did however, treat myself to a lemon poppyseed muffin which was the perfect afternoon sugar rush.  Yum!  The rest of the pastries looked delicious too.The space is adorable, music is not too loud or distracting, and I love the vintage feel of the place including an old school cash register, drive through window that really works, cool art on the wall, etc.  Clean bathroom too which is always a plus.Only negatives:  my new friend pointed out that there are quite a few cigarette butts outside and that the ceiling is unfinished.  Honestly, I wouldn't have noticed those things on my own.Needless to say, i will be back. Probably sooner than later too - I'm thinking of having the next Yelp Office Hours at Copper Star, so check the Events Calendar for details.Oh, and one more thing... lucky for Minnie, Copper Star is next door to Wag and Wash, so she'll probably get some new treats out of my visit too.
4	In the interest of full disclosure--my hubby worked here when it was a Texaco station way back "in the day." Not that that has anything to do with Coffee Star's current life, but you know what they say...That said, I have to confess: I've never actually had coffee here. You see, I'm a Trader Joe's gal. I buy my Trader Joe's roast [well, actually Ken buys it, I don't do grocery shopping any more], bring it home, set up the timed Mr. Coffee [well, actually Ken does that for me too--don't all you chicks out there wish you had MY husband???] and it turns on at 6 am. By the time I'm done with my health walk, it's brewed and waiting for me.So you all are no doubt wondering just why is this crazy NDN woman reviewing a coffee shop where she's never had the coffee? Because, amigos...it's because Coffee Star is one of my favorite lunch spots. It's in the Melrose District, also one of my faves [I have a biggg article coming out in Valley Guide Quarterly to prove it!], their sandwiches are OK [not 100 percent, more like 80 percent but that's ok], the building is just the coolest old gas station-cum-coffee shop EVER and did this, kemosabes...THEY HAVE REAL COKE!! That's right, caballeros, they have Mexican Coca-Cola, the old recipe with real sugar instead of the corn syrup that Coke so-calls sweetens their colas with. That along is worth driving over for...And it's a great spot to hang and watch the world go by. One of these days I'll try out the wi-fi and try to resolve that issue....
4	Copper Star is a great independent coffee house which you should support with your hard earned cash.  Now.  Quick, while I'm still sitting here in Copper Star using the free wireless and debating buying one of their T-Shirts.I find the atmosphere to my liking.  It has sort of a post-industrial-masculine-unpretentious sort of thing going on.  The neighborhood seems to be waning sketchy waxing to hip trendy.My very good iced coffee is almost gone and they just cleared my plate from the cupcake I recently finished.I'll be back.  Gabi is having Yelp office hours here.  I might make that one.
4	I really like this place.  Nice friendly atmosphere.  Drive through.  Oh, and, small point, good coffee.  (Only good---not great, but I'm a coffee snob.)  When their wireless shifts from spotty to stable, I'll be there all the time. PS: Get there at an insanely early hour, i.e., 6:30am, and you'll have yummy muffins just out of the oven.  mmmm.......
4	Copper Star Coffee was the perfect venue for Yelpy Office Hours today... we had a great turnout, and a lot of fun!  I also got to see yelpers enjoying all kinds of CS drinks and treats.  (The green tea chiller that Kelly had looked especially refreshing!)Their soy latte was pretty damn good, and I ended up eating lunch at Copper Star also... who knew that they have fresh sandwiches and salads?  I wanted the egg salad but they were out of it.  Bummer!  I went with the curry chicken salad instead and it was tasty - as long as you like curry.  Not the best I've had, but it was convenient and edible.  Bill, Natalie, and Mindy took great care of our group... and since I ended up spending over 5 hours at the place, I was able to observe many of the other customers that came in and out as well.  It was a diverse group, and all friendly and cool. Great for people watching and working - the day flew by!Thanks again to all of you that came out today, and to Copper Star for accommodating us.  See you soon, Copper Star!
4	I'm not normally one to let a business' really cool atmosphere or architecture influence my impression of the place more than its food or drinks (would I like the donuts at one of those stands with a huge donut shape on top more than any other donuts?), but I might have to make an exception for Copper Star. We stopped by earlier this week for Yelp office hours (thanks again, Gabi, for organizing) and got an iced latte. It was good, but what really impressed me about this place is that it's in an old converted gas station! I just think that is so fun and cool, and it adds so much to the place's charm. I didn't get to try any of the pastries or sandwiches, and I'd love to come back to try the peach latte that Sofia L raves about, for now, I'll just say that this is a local business with good espresso and friendly staff that's in an old gas station - how cool is that?!
4	Big fan. Went with Nathan S a couple weeks ago. Great atmosphere, spread out and ample seating inside and out. I got an iced coffee, it was good. They also had a flyer stand up so Nathan could plan his week accordingly. Thanks Copper StarAlso, it is convently located right next to Revolver Records a great 1-2 punch for a Saturday afternoon
3	Great atmosphere!  It may be an acquired taste for Starbucks drinkers such as myself.  I'll admit I usually drink iced NF sugar-free vanilla lattes with whip at Starbucks.  I told the barista and he was very nice about trying to make a similar coffee concoction.  (Are they "baristas" everywhere? Sounds so pretentious.) I'd like to say I loved his version but it wasn't as sweet.  (I know, I'm a huge sweet tooth spoiled by corporate coffee peddlers.) My mom usually gets a Venti White Chocolate Frappuccino so the barista whipped up something similar but she also felt hers wasn't sweet enough.  I say hey, check the place out, the atmosphere's GREAT and the staff sure does try but if you like your coffee drinks sweet be forewarned, they may not taste sweet enough.
4	SO... I was out looking for a WIFI place to study some boring insurance stuff and went to Star-rip off your-bucks. (I don't drink coffee so i can say this) and tried to use the free Internet....FAIL apparently you have to be a T-mobile type. I asked where I could go and the guy said there is a place next to the record store called Copper Star. Copper Star Coffee is cool, the place is cool, the clients are cool, the employees are cool, and I bet the coffee is HOT. I ordered a Coke in the bottle and used the free WIFI. I sort of wished I liked Coffee, I would gladly give them my money.
4	Best Mocha's hands down! My wife and I have been card carrying members for awhile now. We will always pick up a cup when taking our dogs to Wag N Wash. Friendly staff and comfortable little patio. Support local biz and give Copper Star a shot.
4	After having an extremely stressful week I made an appointment for a massage a few days ago. Then I remembered I was broke, canceled the appointment & went to coffee with a good friend instead, hoping it would have the same effect. We wound up at Copper Star which I had heard of but never been to-- I am glad we stopped! I loved how big it was inside and it seemed very welcoming. There were a lot of little groups around of people talking, eating, and studying-so I assume there is free wifi. I got an almond latte which was good and we sat outside on the patio to enjoy the late morning weather.My favorite part of the shop was probably the bathroom. I'm really into bathrooms right now, and this was a good one! Lots of good light, the faucet was awesome and I loved the blue tiling. I'll definitely be back to try a different drink, and maybe ask them to make it a bit stronger, that was my only woe. I didn't get a red velvet cupcake but they looked pretty delicious!
4	This place is definitely my favorite coffee shop in town.I don't subscribe to belief that cool coffee shops have to be dark, moody places. Copper Star is bright, open and airy. The renovation of the old gas station was pulled off masterfully by updating the building while still keeping the old service station feel.They serve pastries, sandwiches, smoothies, sodas and... oh yeah, coffee drinks.The owner, Bill, is one of the friendliest guys you'll ever meet. The free WiFi makes it a great place to work and hang out.
4	I've been back to Copper Star many more times than I can count, now that I am bumming on my friend's couch (This is right up the street from her place.)I really love the open and friendly atmosphere and I feel like the layout of the furniture really lends itself for people to interact and chat. They have a good internet connection, and I love me some free wifi. I can camp out and do homework for a couple hours and not feel like I am bothering anyone. The staff is friendly but it's a little awkward to see them canoodling with their significant others on the patio, and then come inside and start serving.. I don't watch too carefully but I am assuming (hoping) there is a quick trip to the (still lovely) washroom between.I've had a few pastries, the blueberry muffins are good, but pretty standard, and I'm fairly certain from a mix,  but the red velvet cupcakes are fresh and tasty. Coffee is again, good, but not great, but this is definitely a great place to hangout, grab a snack, chit chat, enjoy the ambiance, and use the toilet.
4	It's an old gas station turned into a coffee shop. They have comfy sofas, good coffee, pastries, and the day that I went, vegetarian chili! It's a relaxed atmosphere, and the baristas are friendly. They also have very nice bathrooms that are modern and clean.
3	don't get me wrong - i love the coffee (the white chocolate peanut butter drink is my fav), the atmosphere, and the food - all around a great coffee shop that i would frequent to do my homework BUT.....the wi-fi SUCKS. it's SOOOOOOOOO fucking slow. half the time i can't even get on. isn't this the point of coffee shops? i took a test here one night and failed it because their internet was so slow. and they were like 3 other people in there. what the eff? sorry, copper star.
5	I found out about this place after we lost our progressive talk radio station in Sacramento.  I started streaming Nova-M Radio from the Phoenix station on iTunes and heard an advertisement for Copper Star a number of times.  When it became clear that I would be moving to the Valley I made it a point to come by this place.  I was SO not disapointed.  They have pretty good mochas and if you hit them at the right time they will have whipped cream infused with some flavoring....nice touch.  I can't say anything about their wi-fi since I don't have a laptop but just for the atmosphere and their support of good radio I have to max out on the star count.*********************Addendum 3/4/09Nova-M is dead but Copper Star lives on and rocks just as hard as they always did!!!
4	I feel like such an asshole for never having been here before this week. A friend recommended it to me saying, "it's kind of like Lux, but gayer and nicer". Sounds good to me!This place is so cute! There are few tables outside and even a little fire place. Inside feels spacious even though it's not a large place. The coffee is fine, nothing phenomenal but tasty enough. Everyone was friendly. Two things that made me fall in love:$2 enormous iced teasFREE SOY MILK. Well, maybe not free...but I've never met a coffee shop that didn't charge half a dollar extra for soy. THIS IS AMAZING. I was so pleased when I ordered two medium sized iced white mochas with soy and my total was only $8 and some change. I wish I had come here sooner. I could have logged all those college study hours here rather then all those other lame soy charging snobby barista'd $5 for a microscopic small cup coffee shops. Ya know?I can't wait to try the hummus plate and their veggie sandwich!
4	Copper Star Coffee is one of my favorite local, central Phoenix, coffee houses (in addition to Hob Nobs and Lux). Copper Star Coffee is located in a converted, vintage, automotive service and gas station right along a growing 7th Avenue corridor. What sets Copper Star apart from some of the other local coffee houses is their car hop service. There are times when I find myself in a hurry and a drive through is convenient. Although there is a Starbucks equipped with a drive through a mile north, I prefer to keep my dollars local and the fact that Copper Star has a drive through help me do just that. Each time I visit Copper Star, there is always something different in the way of pastries or muffins. On one visit in November they had scratch-made pumpkin and raisin muffins. I'm not a big fan of pumpkin in any form other than pie, but I over heard someone there mention they were really good. Being in a festive mood that day I bought one and was very pleased. As far as I know, everything is made in-house or is local. The Batista's pull a mean shot. When it's 110 degrees out, nothing tastes better than an iced double americano (no cream). I'm not sure where they get their coffee from exactly, but it full-flavored without being over roasted. Free WiFi is a great perk as I've gone there several times to read my morning digital news. The staff is always friendly and the service prompt.
4	I am ashamed to say I have never set foot in this place.  It's on the short drive from my house downtown to my parents' joint in North Central, so my lazy ass pulls up once a week in a bathrobe or some shit and orders a few hot ones from the nice girl at the gas pump.  And she never laughs at me for being underdressed for Copper Star.  And I am consistently satisfied by the barristery degree of yum.One day when I am not wearing Bullwinkle slippers I shall enter the premises and likely realize it deserves a fifth Copper star.
3	I tend to be in the group that's more lukewarm about this place. It's not bad by any means at all. I love the location and the set-up of the place, but I don't think their pastries and non-coffee drinks are anything special. I don't drink coffee, so I guess I'm missing half of what they have to offer. Regardless, this is a great place to go chill and have a conversation at.This place is five blocks from my house and I really should make a habit of coming here a bit more. I tend to hit up Lux more often, but I think this place offers a more homey feel. Lux is cool, but ultimately you feel like you're eating/drinking in an art space and Copper Star is more of a place to get cozy and do your homework over a cup of tea. Anyway, definitely check this place out because it's become a fixture of sorts in the upper central part of downtown and on First Fridays.
4	Much respect to Copper Star Coffee.I am almost always in my p.j.s when I am driving my sweet ,second-grade scholars to school, and I am always jonesing for some good powerful cafe.  But I can't really get out of the car.  I like the cofee brought out to me presto! by some of the most laid-back, friendly people.  Drive through coffee is so American.   Any a sort of bagel/breakfast sandwich situation will cost you, about 15 minutes of your life.  Good and hearty.The car hops are so wonderful.  They make procuring coffee (the most daunting task in my pre-coffee morning ritual) sort of pleasant.I don't know anything about the Wi-Fi or the pastries, though.
3	The exposed wall and industrial-like atmosphere is nice. The coffee is good. The best thing about this place is the staff. Unlike the majority of independent coffee shops, they are extremely friendly and helpful.I'm definitely a fan.
4	This is a nice coffee shop in an area that is seemingly transforming (if not already) into Phoenix' gayborhood main commercial strip. The pastries are okay, but the drinks are really good. It's a bit quieter than corporate coffee chains and it's significantly more neighborly feeling. It is a converted, retro gas station, complete with a garage door. On nice days they open the door to let in fresh air and breezes.
4	Copper Star is a drive-thru and sit-down coffee shop that serves locally roasted, fresh, hot coffee, frozen coffee drinks, smoothies and fresh baked goods. They also have a few sandwiches and a delicious hummus plate that comes with kalamata olives and warm pita bread. I think they now have a daily homemade soup as well. And during the last holiday season, the owners wife was spotted making homemade pumpkin pies! I don't think anything on the menu is more than $5.50. Nice atmosphere, not too crowded, not too loud. Free wifi - the password is on the wall above the hallway to the restrooms. A great neighborhood place to hang out, but you can also drive through. Great service. Cheerful staff. Delicious goods. And you can feel good about supporting local business instead of a huge soulless chain. The owner, Bill, is super friendly.My one gripe is they have had the same two couches and red lounge chairs pretty much since they opened, but I don't think they have EVER cleaned them. They now look disgustingly filthy and I'm always shocked when I see someone actually go sit down at them. I can't sit over there, I have to keep to the wood chairs and tables. I go to Copper Star once a week, but the filth on the fabric covered seating is grossing me out enough that I may reduce my visits until they have the upholstery cleaners come in.
5	This is my new favorite coffee shop!  Their iced chai is the best I have ever had.  They also have a really great assortment of baked goods made right there.  The cupcakes are divine.  I have also had the bagels, which are also delicious.  I am ready to go back and have a rice crispy treat!
4	I hate it when I wake up early on a Saturday! I mean, the one day of the week when I don't have to set the alarm and I can sleep as long as I like, and BOOM, wide awake at 7 anyway! Theoretically, I know I should be take advantage of the cooler morning temperatures and mow my lawn, but that's what Sundays are for, right? If you ask me, Saturday mornings are much better suited for relaxing and sipping coffee. Thankfully, I live just down the street from Copper Star Coffee (and luckily for my dog, Copper Star is right next door to Wag 'n Wash). The setup of this place is perfect, super cute converted gas station, and plenty of space on the patio for my pup to play greeter. You can get pretty much any kind of coffee/espresso drink you like, but I really dig the plain 'ol brewed coffee. Oh, and don't get me started on the tasty treats ogling me from their strategic position inside the glass case. The pastries are so yummy and cupcakes are irresistible (and share-with-a-friend-enormous). Hmm, on second thought, waking up early on a Saturday may just be my body's way of telling me get to Copper Star before they run out of chocolate raspberry croissants.
5	My boyfriend and I decided to go to Copper Star Coffee after reading reviews on Yelp.  It wasn't a hard sell because I'm a huge fan of cupcakes.  And many of the reviewers were raving about the cupcakes, so I had to try one.  We both loved the coffehouse.  Great drinks, great prices, and yummmmyyyyy cupcakes.  My boyfriend read his book and I did some work on my laptop.  The environment was cozy and comfortable.  I definitely will be coming back again.
4	After reading the reviews, I have to admit, i haven't tried the cupcakes.  I have been there many times for a scone and coffee though and the service is impeccable.  The only reason I give it 4 stars is the atmosphere, well, the chairs and tables.  I prefer something a little more comfortable and plush, but if you are into industrialish decor, this is for you.
5	Coffee done right!  Great atmosphere, nice place, friendly staff and oooh the coffee,  If this were not enough they have great sandwiches and soup.
2	Overrated, trying too hard and wifi too slow to use. Copper Star is like if Lux and Long John Silver's (what's with the front-lit, cartoony menus on the wall?) had a baby. At least they serve Oregon Chai.
3	Friendly neighborhood coffee house in an interesting neighborhood.  Love their $2 LARGE (very large) green ice teas and that they are very generous with refills.  curry chicken salad sandwich is a tasty lunch on the run and i agree with the cupcake reviews.  (for an interesting meal, walk south a few doors to the frybread house then come back for after-meal coffee at Copper star).  Sometimes live music on Friday nights.  I am mostly there in the evenings so am not sure of the atmosphere at other times of day.
4	Went in here with a friend of mine and I really loved it. It was a bit too pricey to make a regular stop.. 5 bucks for a cupcake? yikes! But I got it anyways and it was absolutely delicious. The guy behind the counter was super nice, and the black cherry lemonade was sooo good! My friend got the green tea and really liked it. The couches and seating were also really cool.
4	"Buy Local Coffee" is what a sign out front of this establishment says.  So that's what I did.  I went to Copper Star Coffee to get my drink of choice, an iced coffee with cream.  I enjoyed the flavor.  It was better than Starbucks and quite a few cents cheaper.  SCORE!!!  I became a regular.  I stuck with my ice coffee for months but their bakecase was calling my name every time I would enter.  I found out Copper Star bakes their own pastries fresh daily.  Another SCORE!!!  No preservatives or high fructose corn syrup.  I started adding a scone with my iced coffee.  They have chocolate chip, lemon, blueberry, etc.  Delicious!!!  The apple sauce spice cake is now my favorite.  It is a vegan pastry.  It is flavorful and the glaze is so slight but fantastic.  Not a vegan by the way.  I have been slowly branching out among the Copper Star menu.  Try the Black Cherry Limeade.  The specialty coffee drinks are quite good too.  The blended toffee drink rocks.  The antioxidant smoothie is refreshing.  The other smoothies are okay.  They use syrup in those.  I don't know how healthy that makes them.  (Real fruit please).Let's talk about their sandwiches now shall we.  I have tried their sesame tuna, the curry chicken, the deviled egg salad, and the veggie.  All of them are winners.  You wont be disappointed.  Copper Star just unveiled there new sub sandwiches as well.  They use a local butcher's sausages for their subs.  Awesome.  Way to keep it in the community.-internet access-community board-art work-misters for the heat-water bowl for dogs-drive thru car hop service-frequent customer stamp cardThe Copper Star building is an old service station cleverly gutted out and made super cool.  The staff is great and they stick around.  Not a high turn over.  It must be a great place to work.Parking can be tricky.  The majority of the parking is on the street and the parked customer cars creep into the surrounding neighborhood.  You may have a little walk.  Big Woop!A must.  Check it out.
4	Copper Star is a great example of adaptive use in the heart of the Melrose curve. Who would have thought that a building initially designed to provide fuel to cars would so work so well serving fuel to humans?Their coffee is locally roasted and, while not my favorite, is well above average in Phoenix. Their drive-thru is a great feature for those mornings when I'm running late. For the coffee adverse, Copper Star serves chai, tea, smoothies, Italian sodas, and some unique drinks including a black cherry limeade. Foodwise, there is a wide selection of baked goods,including some of the best bagels. They also have decent lunch offerings, such as sandwiches and a tasty hummus platter. But where they shine is their 'home baked' cupcakes. (I've seen Mayor Gordon here on several occasions getting his cupcake fix!) Despite being in a converted gas station/garage, the atmosphere is quite a bit more cozy than most of the other coffee shops in central Phoenix. While the sandblasted block walls and exposed ceiling let that building's industrial past peak through, this is offset by rotating art work and selection of comfortable (if a bit dingy) couches and easy chairs as well as small bistro tables and long 'work' tables to choose from. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the owner, Bill, is a great neighborhood resource. He can tell you anything and everything going on along 7th Ave.All in all a good place to grab a coffee and cupcake,  meet a friend or get some old fashioned reading done. I can't recommend it for serious work requiring internet access, however, as the wifi access remains intermittent at best.
3	I like the atmosphere and I LOVE the curry chicken salad sandwich (easy on the red onion). Also a big fan of their ice tea and generous refills. The brownies and cupcakes, however, are dangerously addictive.They recently expanded the menu to include a whole host of new sandwiches all made with fresh, locally produced meats. If I can break my curry chicken salad habit, I will definitely try them.The free wifi is okay but don't be surprised if you lose your signal occasionally. If you sit out on the patio, you may get to enjoy some exceptional people watching. BONUS!
4	copper star has a special place in my heart for sure. the atmosphere is perfect for a small meeting or for reading or studying. it is also very cool inside and is located in an area great for thrifting. the coffee itself is good. their milk steaming ability isn't excellent, but they pull consistent shots. their chai is great and their sesame ginger tuna sandwich is actually outstanding. since its opening, i have probably visited copper star more frequently than any other coffee shop in phoenix.
5	I spent 5 weeks out of the country and the first place I spent money upon my return is this home away from home. It's a great location, yummy products, priced right, and a fabulous staff!
4	I love copperstar! Great staff and pleasant atmosphere. Wish they would have the roll-up door open more often and had a better selection of pastries in the afternoon an evening but its still pretty tasty! My favorite drink is the Coconut Latte with a half pump of chocolate syrup. it's great hot and cold!
5	I adore Copper Star. It's an excelling neighborhood business run by great people. The urban-feel of the former automotives company who occupied the building give it that cool-young feeling, and it's always packed with people on their laptops. (Hello free wifi!) Coffee here is good, and the freshly baked goods are always a plus. Staff here recognizes customers and gives you a personified feeling that you really belong here. Copper Star blows Starbucks away any day.
5	Copper Star is awesome! Great drinks, tasty food, superb people watching and cozy atmosphere. I love the free wifi and local art that is abundant on the walls.Eclectic variety of clientele that share one common cause... supporting local business. Just say no to Starbucks!
4	I love that this is an old gas station.  Hooray for recycling buildings into something new rather than tearing them down.  I've been a fan of this place since it opened.  Today I tried the applesauce spiced vegan cupcake, and it was pretty amazing.  You should try it too!
4	I usually don't like to add to a review pile-on, especially when all that needs to be said has been said. But in my effort to drink more local coffee, and less of The Siren's, I have to add my oh-two.I dig Copper Star -- good coffee, friendly crew, a drive through. Heck, one time, I even got a free Powerball ticket there.I only have one quibble, and it's a small one. I only mention it because I care. It's the excessive and cheesy signage.I liked the little hand-painted sandwich board, that read, "drink local coffee." It fit perfectly with their local business vibe.Now that sign has been repainted in a more generic manner, and moved to the side. In its stead is a gigantic white vinyl banner, on it, printed in stark, black, all caps "DRIVE THRU COFFEE."Gag. So now there's the generic sandwich board, the huge banner, the flappy flags, and the neon in the window. I understand that they are trying to increase business. But now it's looking like a used car lot, and reeks of desperation. People don't like to patronize desperate business, because it's sad, and makes them feel sad too.Please, Copper Star, dial it down a notch. Share your message with confidence, but without shouting. We will still love you!EDIT: OK I stopped by the very next day, and the "DRIVE THRU COFFEE" banner was replaced by a huge red banner with all caps white lettering that reads, "SANDWICH KING OF 7TH AVE."Ulgh.
5	Nice staff! Great sandwiches! Great coffee and drinks! Free wifi! and great hours! 6am to 9pm or 11pm (Fri. & Sat.). Nice local feel.
3	Lost a star for making me feel dumb when I walked in the door at the front of the establishment facing the street...that turns out to be the door to the kitchen. No sign saying "Please enter around the side" or anything like that. Coconut latte was yummy. The interior was quiet, no techno Christmas music like you might be bombarded with at Lux. I could see hanging here if I lived around the corner, but I don't, and there are too many good coffee places between me and CSC (Lola, Lux, Drip...) for me to make a trip here unless I'm already in the area.Plus, the aforementioned stupid "back" door...I might boycott just for that.
2	I was having a client meeting in Phoenix and searched Yelp for a coffee shop to meet.  I was excited to support a locally owned establishment (even though I am a Starbucks shareholder!)   I arrived  and a very nice gentleman waited on me.  The tea selection was really great.  I found a table, and had to wipe it off myself from the crumbs that were left from the previous customer.  When my client arrived, I asked her what she wanted to drink and she only wanted water, I waited while the young gal (now the only one working) made a coffee for someone and when she waited on me, I asked for a water, she seemed irritated and she filled a cup of water from the faucet and was handing it to me when I had to ask for ice.  She was clearly irritated that I asked for ice in the water.   My client noticed that too and felt bad.  The atmosphere was nice, the music was at a nice moderate level where you could conduct business, read a book or concentrate on your computer.  I might give it another visit if I am in that part of town again, to see if the young gal has gotten a clue that that client is the one that makes her paycheck, but I won't make a special trip.
3	I'm waiting here at Copper Star as my car gets an oil change. The free wifi is a nice perk since I'm supposed to be working right now, but it doesn't make up for the bland toffee coffee ice blended ($4.25 for 16 oz) and greasy crumbly red velvet cupcake ($2.50). It's a cute shop though and I'm all about supporting local businesses so I'll give them another shot next time I'm in the area.
4	This local Coffee shop is just a few blocks from where I live. I'm not that hard to please. I simply want good service and fabulous coffee. I get both at this place. Love the free wifi. Sometimes I go here just to get away and catch up with online stuff/emails. Give it try. ~X~
5	The coffee is good, the sandwiches are great and the cupcakes are amazing! It's hit or miss on seating. I have know some people who have had a hard time connecting to their wifi but I haven't had any problems.
4	Whenever possible I like to support local business, so I tried Copper Star.I ordered a coffee and a sandwich. The sandwich was surprisingly good. I expected a decent (at best) sammy and I was shocked at how tasty it was. The coffee was good, but the sandwich stole the show. Who knew you could get a great sammy at a coffee shop. The only concern I had with my visit was the employee who helped me. Before I dive into that, let me just say I'm young and not conservative. That being said- it is distracting/disturbing to have so much "art" on your face. This employee had massive amounts of eye makeup, paired with multiple face piercings and what looked like a tea saucer implanted in their chin. It was distracting to the point that I had a hard time making eye contact.  Again- I'm all about expressing yourself, but maybe don't be excessively tatted, overly pierced and make up applied by a sugared up five year old- all at the same time. Pick one look per day.
4	Good coffee and usually a quite work environment. Friendly employees. I'm not so into the style of the place and probably wouldn't take anyone here that I was trying to impress but its still better than most. Better than the bucks for sure.
3	i hate to admit it but.. i love that this place has a drive thru!  i'm a real grab n' go kinda girl a lot of the time and i think this brings me to copper star more often than i realize. (until *surprise* my stamp card is full again?!)the coffee is not the best in the city.. but at least it's local and that counts for something. plus i like the concept of gas station gone coffee shop.  (and i love stars.)
5	I'm sitting writing this review from a sofa here at the Copper Star. I must admit, I'm impressed! From the quaint "drive through" that turned out to be a door you simply pull up to and an employee comes out to take your order from you while you sit in your car.. to the eclectic and hip interior. I was sold even before I sat down to take a sip of one of the most delish  mochas I've had in the states. Strong and rich w/o being too sweet!!! Perfect! This chocolaty masterpiece easily surpasses mochas de la Starbucks. Cooper Star is on my "Visit Again & Again" list. If you are reading this ignore all the other reviews that say less and come visit this place yourself. Simply delightful!!
4	Great experience!  After taking my dog for a hike this morning, I finally made it to Copper Star for a cafe mocha.  What  a cute, rustic place.  I tried out the drive thru and was suprised at the immediate service since there was no window.  My dog and I sat for a bit and was plenty surprised with them taking care of my drink on the house.  They were short handed and thought I waited too long...did not seem too long compared what Starbucks.  This may be my new coffee spot.
4	my favorite downtown coffee place.  The servers are fantastic and there is a big big big selection of teas some that i dont get at other places.  The food is super tasty and fresh and has a lot of good people watching seats. hooray for local owned shops!
5	the best coffee in maricopa county.there might be a place in SF that i like better...  but the commute's a bitch.
3	Cute indie coffee shop. Nice staff. Usually get a drink to go but today decided to sit and take it in. Comfy place overall, but very weird use of space? There are two huge couches in the middle of the seating area- which essentially makes it so there is less seating overall. I'm not sure about you- but it exceeded my comfort level to sit on a couch in the middle of two strangers. Also- the purple couch has A LOT of city miles on it. Might be timeTo retire it.
5	Best drip coffee in Phoenix, hands down.  The staff is extremely friendly and gracious.  I also love their deviled egg sandwich.  I've definitely taken every out-of-town friend here.  I've heard (though have not tried) that their cupcakes, which are made in-house, are to die for.  The place is great for studying - tables abound.  I've conducted a few interviews here for various things and have always found the atmosphere to be great - quiet enough but enough background noise/music (and the music choice is great) to make it lively.  Just left Phoenix and I will miss Copper Star!
5	I have been a regular at Copper Star for the past 3 years.  I love the uniqueness of this place - the drive thru with cheerful baristas (os) and  the owner (Bill)  is actively involved in the community and knows his fellow business owners.  Nicest guy you could ever meet. Ok.   Now let's get down to business. Coffee-Everyone has a different taste in coffee. I love this coffee so much that I buy their beans by the pound.  It usually is a mix of Ethiopian, Guatemalen and Sumatran or other roast.  Anyway - I can't say that I have been to  a whole lot of different coffee bars in Phoenix,  but the ones I have been to don't  measure up in flavor, freshness and robust flavor of the beans. Nor can anyone  match  the friendliness and unpretentiousness of the staff.  I have only tried the scones and muffins.   Scones are a difficult feat in most places but Copper Star has some of the tastiest.  Try the chocolate chip or cranberry walnut scone.   During the fall they make homemade pumpkin muffins  (using fresh pumpkin) that are to die for.  They run out so fast you have to get there early.  I wish they would offer these year round.Yum!    Because of the coffee, service , and the limited # of goodies I have tried so far, plus their community involvement,  I am giving this place 5 stars.The patio is very small  with a nice fountain and you can bring your dog - After your coffee take Fido across the street for a bath at Wag-N-Wash (but that is a different review).  So, if you happen to be in the neighborhood stop by and check out Copper Star.  You'll be glad you did. (Say Hi to "Mr Bill " for me!)
1	Just went there today and bought an iced mint mocha. I wanted to see how it compared to Coffee Rush's iced mint mocha.  I was dissapointed.  First of all, Copper Stars 20oz iced mint mocha is $5. One dollar more than Coffee Rush's 20oz iced mint mocha. Second off all the iced mint mocha was very dissapointing. Hardly could taste any mint. Not worth $5 maybe $3.
4	very unique place! i have only been here once so far but what i mostly like about this business beside the great service, decor, and tea is the hours are good, i luv LoLa's coffee bar too however they close at odd hours, Sundays i either chill at home, catch a movie or grabb a cup of joe. At Copper Star Coffee they stay open till 9pm Sundays which is an okay time for me. I have yet to try their coffee but the one time that I have been there i tried the "king size" earl grey tea which rocked! I plan to pass the word around and also will be going back real soon! kewl place go check it out!  =X
5	Love this place and Sunday they have a really good live blues duo between 11 and 1 pm
4	A local favorite of mine. Copper Star has a chill atmosphere, artsy appealing aesthetic, friendly staff and delicious treats on their menu. From their sweet cupcakes, muffins and iced coffee to their hummus and tea, I can generally find something that is worth it each time. It's a great place to meet friends or sit and work on your laptop. If you're on a hunt for great vintage pieces in the Melrose District this is great place to stop for a break.
5	This is without a doubt one of my favorite coffee places in Phoenix, incredible coffee every time I stop in, too many coffee places spend too much time doing other things well, but if you want a flawless cup of coffee or espresso drink stop right here. Prices are reasonable and the food hits the mark. Egg salad and tuna are fantastic....but if you get a chance try the brownies in cupcake form, chocolaty perfection!
5	The grand coffee shop litmus test is this:  how well can the joint brew a basic cup of joe? I went to Copper Star seeking reprieve from the mean little cups of hotel coffee I'd been forced to ingest during weeks of travel and found my new safe haven!  The basic brew is fresh, good, solid coffee.  I also found they also rock americanos and cappuccinos.   The baked goods look unpolished, but taste good.  I think the cupcakes are in desperate need of more icing and the sandwich I tried was sort of * meh *.  Place is situated in a renovated old-time gas station and has a down to earth kind of luxury feel w/ plush sofas, and stolid wooden tables for lots of workspace.  Provocative, hippyish local art.   FREE blues band rocks out there every Sunday.  Baristas are sweethearts and they don't dawdle.    I bless you.
3	A little bit too sweet for me and the drinks always not consistent. Every time I went there, drinks always seem different. However, the pastries are great. Location is the best for pet owner because it is next to wag n wash.
4	Went in this morning while my dog got groomed next door. Great atmosphere, nice to just kick back, relax and read while you drink your coffee. I ended up with a vegan muffin, which i don't care about but it still tasted good. I would recommend it.
4	This little Coffee shop is cool as hell! Its in an old gas station and has tons of character! During nice weather they roll up their garage doors and let the inside and outside become one! The service is always fast and friendly! The drinks and pastries always hit the spot! I always make it a point to hit this place up when I am doing my antiquing in the Melrose district!
5	I have stopped into Copper Star on previous occasions, during street festivals, but today was the first time I came to sit and study. Man, am I a fan of this place. I am lucky that I live in a location where I have a multitude of options (Lux, Lola, Hob Nobs, SBUX, etc) but I have to say I really liked the vibe here. The music wasn't loud, the people relatively quiet and chill, and I could actually focus on what I was doing without getting too distracted by everything around me. I liked that while on a busy street (7th Ave), the entrance and windows actually face the side street it is on. That added to the peace and quiet of it. Employees were nice, free wi-fi (internet key is needed but on a sign in the shop), and I enjoyed my small, mint mocha with a chocolate chip cookie (both just under $7). I was definitely eyeing the cupcakes in the bakery window but my tummy only had enough room for a cookie (which was soooo good if I might say). They are open until 9pm on Sundays which is pretty cool. I have yet to use their drive through for coffee, but they are open pretty early which is nice competition to SBUX. There is also outdoor seating which will be so nice when it starts to cool off....you can give your dog a bath at Wag-n-Wash next door and then sit outside with them while you enjoy some local coffee.
2	It's my first time here and the only thing I was impressed about what that the establishment is located in an old gas station. The people working here are not too personable when talking with customers. I understand they might get tired of doing that for 5 hours, but if their friends come in leaning and hanging out on the counter while talking to the employees for half hour or more. Then it's time to get re-train some of these workers to be more customer oriented because they're losing focus. They're talking loud on the phone while on shift - pretty much everyone in the place could hear her business.The coffee was "ok" nothing too special - I like that bitter/sweet taste in my drink, but that wasn't present. The custom art on the walls are neat and makes the atmosphere of the place more welcoming, but there's a disconnect between that and the worker's attitude. I wouldn't mind coming back to this place and giving them another try... I'll re-review until then.
3	Copper Star Coffee could easily be confused as a gas station from the road. The building still has gas pumps and looks super cool from the outside. I really liked the jasmine pearls tea I ordered from here, although they give you the hugest cup ever! 32 ounces of tea for 2 dollars. That's a lot of tea!The atmosphere is really cute inside too. Lots of paintings and comfy couches. I'd definitely check out this place again the next time I'm in Arizona.
4	Cute and affordable. Finally an alternative that I actually want to go to!Every time I try to break away from the corporate coffee chains, I get burned because their lattes taste like dirt, or they act like they've never heard of soy milk.  Come on people!  That's what I loved about this place, the staff actually knew what they were doing, and the menu included all the necessities, plus a few of their own creations!  Try the mint mocha...uh, YUM!  They make a great soy vanilla latte too.
5	Cute and fun! Staff is the typical coffee staff they are somewhat chatty with regulars and cold to those who venture in. Overall cute, bring friends and a good laugh. Support local coffee houses.
5	Another yelper mentioned their litmus test of basic coffee to see how good the joint is. My personal test is a white mocha/velvet/whateverplacescallmydecadentescapeinacupthatsbadformeandIdon'tcare. It is very easy to get a poorly poured, improperly mixed, poorly portioned white mocha, either bitter, too sweet, etc etc. Every time I came into Copper Star, it's perfect. If I am away from my house, this is where I go.
4	I've love the atmosphere of Copper Star. Fun place to go with a friend and chat. Not a place to do work though. The last three times, I could not get online or the connection timed out.. The last time I was there everyone with a laptop left. Would gladly spend more time there and my $, but often go to a coffee place to work. Therefore now Starbucks, which is tolerable, gets my cash. Get your WIFI working man and stay open a little later and I'll be back. Know tons of others who would be back too. Every coffee place that used to be open late is now gone under! You have a loyal clientele, and I will come back just to hang out...
5	Local local local.....all treats are made from scratch :) around the holidays you can buy homemade pumpkin pie made from scratch. Great patio for beautiful Phoenix days and awesome place for your dog to hang out with you.
2	Went around lunch today and got a blended double chocolate mocha. The staff were really nice and the building is really cool, but my coffee was more of a milk shake than any sort of blended coffee - I even asked to make sure it was made with coffee. It had no coffee flavour at all and certainly wasn't "double chocolate". I loved all their different seating, the vintage cash register and even one of the coolest bathrooms I've ever been in, but if I'm going to pay nearly $5 for a 16oz drink, I want it to taste amazing. Was also disappointed that they didn't have any real selection in the bakery case - it was all sandwiches, breads, and a tarte (which looked good but was also overpriced). They apparently won some prizes for "best cupcake" or something and there were NO cupcakes in the case when I went in.
3	The Copper Star Coffee shop has several reviews already and without being too verbose and periphrastic, I will keep my review short.Coffee ~ very good, full bodied taste without bitterness and has a good aroma.Coffee Accompaniments ~ good selection of cookies, pastries, tarts.  I asked them to heat my brownie ; -) it was chocolicious X2!Service ~ very friendly and happy and eager to pleaseDecor ~ it used to be much more comfy with more couches and big comfy chairs.  I think they are trying to accommodate more people with the use of big wooden tables and hard chairs. It used to be much more comfy with more room to move and set up better to meet with friends.  All in all, it's a great place for a cup of joe if your in the area.  They have a convenient drive through if you don't have time to stop.
5	What a fab coffee place!! I love the design and style, the patio is cute and cozy, and OMG, THE COFFEE IS ACTUALLY GOOD. 1 free refill on iced coffee, and I assume regular coffee, equals A WIN!!!  Times NINE.  can't wait to head back to Copper Star.  :)
5	I haven't had any baked goods, but the drinks are awesome and the decor is really fun.  They have a frequent buyer program!
4	This is my EVERY morning stop!  The coffee is GREAT!  The scones are decent, but probably a bit over priced.
4	I recently visited Copper Star again. Thank you for fixing the Wi-Fi. It worked great. I will definitely be stopping by more often. This is a great place to meet friends or do a little work  or just hang out. The food is always great and your cookies/cup cakes/brownies are fantastic.
4	-Weird smell when you first walk in...what is that? Rotten wood?-SERVICE: friendly, helpful, and eager to please.-COFFEE: Pretty good! Decent prices (in line with any other coffee place).-AMBIENCE: Looks hip & comfy, but I didn't hang around.-PARKING: convenient.-I would come back for sure if I was in the area.
4	Love this place. I come here all the time and everything is great. You can tell the proprietors are really passionate about what they're doing here.
5	super chill atmosphere with nice rolling door to open it all up to outside, perfect for fall to spring in phoenix!coffee is top notch and bagels are huge, baked not boiled so deal.lunch is great the curry chicken sammy is a delight and ice tea gets free all day refils. this is my new office away from office.and to the guy that likes to put his shoes on the couch: please stop, its pretty lame.
4	The atmosphere was really nice. Love the outdoor patio with the metal art and concrete/bottle table. Nice change from the chain coffee shop. Customers very friendly and talkative. My drink tasted yummy but it wasn't frozen enough otherwise I'd give them 5 stars.
4	The only issue i have with this place is parking when it's busy, but really, that's not even that bad!The coffee is yum, the pastries delicious, and when i need some brain food after studying their hummus plate always hits the spot.
4	I'm pretty happy with this place overall; drinks are good, service is friendly, atmosphere is enjoyable, and I delight in the immediate neighborhood, where I inevitably have to park.  My one complaint: though they do technically stock rice milk, they never actually have it.  What gives!  I'm tired of coffee places thinking it's adequate to offer soy as the only dairy alternative.  I ask for it every time and every time they are still out.  C'mon guys, this game is not difficult.
4	Lovely place I suggest you go check it out if your nearby and want a coffee
4	Copper Star is where I go to buy drip coffee to make at home. And where I meet up for coffee on weekends and evenings with friends. When you can find parking (though I prefer walking or biking), the atmosphere there is so relaxed you can't help but sit and unwind for a few.Their non-coffee items are just as delicious, from the italian sodas (with choice of regular or heavy cream) to the delicious desserts and baked goods (which usually even have a vegan option), keep me coming back. Parking is limited, and I've never been through the drive though as it looks awkward, but this is still a place you don't want to miss out on.
5	This is my favorite coffee shop. Their coffee is great, the staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is very relaxed. I bring my dogs sometimes, and they are totally cool about them being there with me. The drive thru is pretty convenient, too when I'm in a hurry. I'd say it's hard to find a better cup of coffee for a better price in the area.
4	Copper Star Coffee is super-adorable with a nice, mellow atmosphere and quiet ambience. I don't normally drink coffee so they served me up an enormous glass of iced green tea and a huge cupcake from the case. The cupcake tasted a little boxy but the iced tea was light and refreshing, and their small advertising section with flyers for local bands and other extracurricular activities just might point you in the direction of an excellent show or an interesting new hobby... it did for me. :)
4	Great little coffee shop made from an old gas station. Very old school, vintage appeal. Has a drive through and makes some tasty coffee! They usually have some entertainment during the weekend and are pretty quick. Great patio.If you are hitting the Melrose district for some vintage shop exploration, start here. It sets an awesome tone for the neighborhood and coffee is great before walking to 7 or 8 stores.
5	LOVE Copper Star Coffee! I think it's the best coffee shop around. Great coffee, great customer service, great atmosphere. Rotating art work from local artists and a jazz band on Sunday mornings. Also this is not a chain, support your local economy, and buy local!
4	When I'm looking for the more mature, laid back version of Lux, I come to Copper Star. Coffee is not as good but service is great and place is inviting. Great neighborhood favorite.
4	I'm originally from Phoenix's Encanto District. Whenever I'm back in town visiting my parents, it's a pleasure to come back to Copper Star Coffee.Part of the reason to head to Copper Star is the ambiance: it's a converted vintage gas station with a quirky, welcoming feel. Light streams in through the glass-paneled garage door and, with the cafe's tall ceilings, the space feels at once very large and very cozy. I've come here to work in the past, but unlike some coffee shops, Copper Star is never completely overrun by laptops. There are always pairs or groups of friends here having a good time. Nevertheless, if productivity is what you want, the shop is never too loud, there's free WiFi, and there are a couple plugs along the west wall. I've definitely had some productive afternoons tinkering away at one of their long communal tables. The quality of service at Copper Star has consistently been excellent. The folks are nice, approachable, and ready to help, and interacting with them has always been a joy. The coffee is good -- I'm a no-fuss, black coffee girl, but trust them about the iced cappuccino on really hot days -- and, if you're more of a tea person, they're one of the few places nearby that stock Harney & Sons, one of my favorite tea blenders in the US. I've had a couple pastries and the veggie sandwich, and they were delicious.In sum: If you're a Phoenician in need of a charming, quality coffee shop in your neighborhood to spend time with friends or solo, go to Copper Star.  You're welcome.
3	So I wanted to give this place a 4 based on the coffee's flavor alone, but I just couldn't. I went here this morning with the BF because I had a phoenix Voice deal for 10$. The place is cute, but others are right when they say there is a weird smell. We each got a latte and a chocolate croissant. The baristas were friendly enough and cute, but they messed up our deal.... our bill came out to 15$ even, and we had the deal for 10$. They charged us 5.95 because the 'tax wasn't included.' Well, the deal is for 10$ in products and we exceeded that, therefore paying the tax within the 5$. I thought that was lame, but I digress, the coffee was good, I liked the milky flavor and I liked that their sizes were a bit more generous than other places for the same price. The coffee was not too acidic and had a strong enough flavor. The croissant, however, was not good at all. It says on their wall they won for best cupcake in phoenix last year.... well I hope it was much better than this, because this was a poor excuse for a croissant. It was not flaky at all, it had more of a donut consistency and the chocolate had a waxy texture. Not good. I would probably go back for coffee.... that's all.
5	Very good coffee, excellent customer service, cool atmo, reasonable pricing! Today was our first visit...and will be our first of many!
5	Every time I visit this coffee shop, I wish I lived closer! The building is adorable (converted gas station), they have free wifi and they are vegan-friendly. I hear wonderful things about their cupcakes, but I haven't checked to see if they carry vegan cupcakes. I did have a vegan apple cinnamon muffin there a while back that was delicious.
3	This is nice, lil coffee bar, good to study, bcz their music isn't too loud and if is it, they can turn it down for u. Also they do have a great coffee, is strong and tasty, better that in starbucks. The people that comes here is a lil bit different from other coffees that I like to go, but the ambient is quite and relaxing.... I WOULD SAY YES COME HERE AND ENJOY A GOOD COFFEE, STUDY AND HAVE A CONVERSATION BCZ IT IS NICE!!!
4	Clarissa explains it all! I've been here twice and had Clarissa help me both times. She is always friendly and very helpful with strange questions like "where are the tables in this place from?" Besides the amazing Clarissa, they have good drinks and a nice quiet environment for chatting or working. I'll be back!
4	Great smoothie with a great atmosphere!  Our waitress, Clarissa, was absolutely money in the bank! Cool cool place!  I will definitely make my way back there when I'm wandering about 7th Ave.
3	I loved the environment (quiet and sleek) and the coffee was good enough, but Copper Star's free wireless internet was completely maddening. I'd hoped to do some work, but an endless parade of disconnects drove me to more friendly internet confines at Lola's, which was a shame, because I wanted a sandwich.
3	Small coffee shop. I only gave it 3 stars because I went here to get free WiFi because my condo's internet went out, to discover the WiFi here was in and out. I even told the employee there that the internet was down and he tried to reset the wireless, but still the WiFi did not work. I got a chai latte here. It was good, but I was disappointed that it was my first time there and I wasn't offered a punch card, the "special offer" on Yelp. However, the customer after me got one, which kind of ticked me off. There isn't much parking, so you have to find parking on the streets. Overall, probably wouldn't come here again.
3	I love their scones.  I'm not a huge coffee drinker and I'll admit that I often review coffee houses based on their baked good offerings.  I enjoy supportin glocal businesses which is what is important to me.  The location is cute and they have free wifi.  Lots of people are seen working here with their laptops open with a scone before them.  Seriously, you need to get the cranberry scone.  Crumbling and crunchy on the outside.  Tender and perfectly balanced sweetness/tartness on the inside.  I'm hungry again ....
5	Copper Star is my go-to coffee joint. Their coffee is great, their iced tea is great, and their sweet treats are great.The GIANT rice crispy treat is gooey and buttery and delicious - just like it should be.Nice counter staff & baristas. The owner is super nice too.Can't beat the location and the price - and the free Wi-Fi. Also the band that plays on Sunday mornings is AWESOME!
5	These folks routinely cater delicious coffee to my workplace so thought I'd check out their actual location.  Very cute!!  Best study space of any Phoenix coffeehouse I've found to date.
4	simple, beautuful space inside with delicious coffee!
5	love this place.  great coffee and a speedy drive through!
4	I chose Copper Star because of the good reviews on Yelp. It truly did live up to its reputation. Lets start off with the decor. Its a converted gas station so that is just cool. The garage door is all glass now so it has great natural light. There are a couple of sofas, a few big tables for large parties and a few smaller tables. However there is limited seating overall because hey, old gas stations just weren't that big on the inside. There are a few outside patio tables with misters to keep the heat down but the misters on the right side of the door seemed to be leaking or something so sitting on that side would be like sitting by your yard sprinkler while its going off, effectively eliminating that side of the patio for seating options. They have a good selection of coffee and non coffee drinks I had a frozen toffee first and a cookies and cream next. My husband had an iced chai. All of the drinks were super yummy, the cookies & cream being my favorite. If you want something sweet & caffienated then this is the drink for you. My husband said he really enjoyed his iced chai too. They had a good selection of pastry type items. We had the cookie brownie which was both tasty and monstrous in size. I saw an award up on the wall in which they were voted best cupcakes. They do also offer breakfast and lunch type items, eggs, sandwiches and the like. While I did not partake this time I definitely would. They had a nice open kitchen which was clean and tidy. The service was awesome! Everyone raved about the service in previous reviews and they lived up to it. Whatever they are doing in terms of hiring and training it is working. The staff is genuinely nice and seem to care about what they do. Kudos for that in this day of crap customer service. The bathrooms overall were clean although the small trash can for putting towels in had begun to overflow and was in need of attention.This is a good coffee place for everyone. The snob, the teen, the middle agers, retirees. No one would feel out of place here.I drove 24 miles to have coffee there and would definitely do it again. Well done Copper Star! Well done.
5	Moved to midtown Phx about 1 year ago. If I was to ever move out of the neigborhood, I would miss Copper Star Coffee the most. It's my favorite coffee shop I've been to in AZ. The staff is super friendly, there is plenty of room to lounge around and play on the internet (for free). The menu is awesome! I don't have much of a sweet tooth but all their pastries look delicious. I think they switch up the art on the walls like every two weeks or something like that so it's nice to see all the different art work. On Sunday mornings theres this 3 piece band that comes in around 10:30 or 11:00 and plays old country and rock tunes. I love how I stop in every morning before work and Cindy or any of the other ladies know exactly what I want. If you live in the neighborhood and haven't been to Copper Star yet, you are blowing it.
4	I really enjoyed this small coffee shop.  The espresso had a nice smooth flavor.  The space is very cool, and the environment is very laid back.  I went on open mic night.  Had a lot of fun.
3	Eeeeeeeee.  Fool me once, shame on me.  Fool me twice, shame on me, yet again.  I keep wanting to love Copper Star for many reasons, but just can't get over that one major issue I have each time.Upon giving Copper Star another shot, met with the same results we were.  I guess it should be a hint when a coffee shop gets awarded Best of Phoenix for their muffins and baked goods, but never a mention about the coffee?  That's kind of how it feels here.The baked goods are quite good.  The cupcakes and muffins are very fresh, almost shockingly.  The place itself is quaint, delightful and has a very neat look - great idea with the gas station theme.  Coffee itself though, I could do without.  Automatic pulled shots that were well over 40 seconds.  Cappuccino that wavered between watery and milky, to a faint, faint background of burnt-roast-taste.CSC is probably one of the better places to get a baked good in town.  If coffee is really your thing though, head east a half mile.
4	i've been to copper star since it first opened, pre-yelp days for me and my locavore ways were still being established but eversince my first copper star experience I've been in love with this coffeehouse. I just love their place, the former gas station turned coffeehouse makes this place as one of the places i bring out of town guests to show them that Phoenix does have its little gems and 7th ave or "melrose" is just quaint. Anywho, I've had good chai here, and yummy creamy nonfat vanilla lattes but only recently did I try a pastry treat. The lady behind the counter was a sweetheart and she made me feel extra special when she liked my "human" shirt and asked who designed it... yes that day i was proud to be a Gay Black Woman... as my shirt starts off with. I bought myself the nonfat vanilla latte with carrot cake cupcake that had what seemed was an extra dollop of cream cheese frosting, DeLISH! it was truly carrotrific, and the cupcake provided a great sweetness kick to go with my extra caffeinated beverage. Copper Star may not be a Lux with it's urban chic interior, or the real bohemian interior of Lola on Roosevelt or the hipster cool of Cartel in Tempe, no, Copper Star is simply cool with its venue and hold its own with its great drinks, coffees and treats, so hence Copper Star is truly a coffeehouse star!
5	Loved this place.  Out of all the five local coffee joints I stopped by during a trip to Phoenix, this one I'd have to say was the best of them.  I drove past them while pursuing breakfast, but decided to stop by on my way back down 7th, to have a cup of coffee and figure out what to do with the rest of my day.There isn't a ton of parking, but there is plenty of places to park on the street.  It's a small, cozy, repurposed gas station as everyone else has pointed out, and the interior is simple, yet relaxing feeling.  Parents with their kids sit outside of this kind of place.  Older people relax with a cup of coffee with their dog on a leash at this kind of place.  Younger hipsters hang out inside on their mobile devices at this kind of place.  The garage door was open, so a cool morning in Arizona could be enjoyed by everyone.  The couches inside were precariously cushy as they engulf you when you sit down.The cookie I ordered as a dessert to breakfast was still warm when it was served to me.  The chocolate chips were gooey and soft, and it was practically right out of a commercial, with a slow camera pan on my hands as I ripped a chunk off with a rivulet of milky chocolate stretching away.  The coffee was not burnt-tasting or overly bitter, and was probably the best I had on my trip.And everyone who worked there was polite and friendly.  Several of them took the time to address my questions about the area, and if they had any suggestions of anything to do, whether it was in the city or out in Surprise where I was headed.The experience as a whole was easily worth five stars.  Convenient location, free parking, great atmosphere, friendly staff, and quality products.  Easily a repeat trip next time I'm out in Phoenix.
2	We had a 2-for-1 print out, good for up to $6.00, so we decided to come here for lunch and get sandwiches last Saturday.  On the menu board, there were 3 post-its on it saying "Out of Sandwiches". They told us that they stop serving sandwiches later in the day, so we ate some where else.We decided to return the next day on Sunday, and the same 3 post-its were on the menu board again! We were not happy! We got there earlier than we did on Saturday. This time they told us that they are out of a lot of the items that are needed to make sandwiches, & they are awaiting their shipment. But they said that they could only make us Tuna Sandwiches...So we went ahead & got that.This left us with a bad impression about this place & will most likely not return.In the mean time, while we were in line....2 more customers walked in & noticed the post-its, too....They turned around & walked out.  Apparently, they are losing business by not having there 'shipment'. ...The tuna sandwiches were quite dry, & not much flavor...(....Hmmm, maybe they should just stick to coffee, cookies, & muffins.)
5	Awesome little coffee/tea joint. They have free wifi with tables and couches and is fun to chill out in. Parking is the only downside side for this place so you will have to park on the street which really is not all that bad. I have not tried the baked goods yet and will have too soon. Other reviews say the baked goods are really good.
5	Local First!!!  I is small but there is always a few local neighborhood regulars there and is becoming quite the gathering place for those that live in the area...
2	I'm going to have to update this due to the new crowd that's in and out of this place. Man, what happened?!?! This place was really cool but now it's FULL of a weird crowd of old hipsters. weird. Now I feel underdressed when i go in here. Though the live music is still cool, it's impossible to sit down because you're squished in like sardines. We had to take the kids outside to sit down last time. They should have the band play outside rather than right next to the counter. It's all arranged very awkwardly. The drinks are just drinks. They're good, but just normal coffee shop drinks. All in all, I'm no longer impressed. Super bummer.. such a cool lookin spot.
4	Lets see five stars, Why, Coffee check, espresso machines check, really cool people working there, check. what else does a ma pa coffee shop need. Oh yeah they make their own tid bits to eat.  I had a blueberry muffin because I just wanted something simple, but I did pass up the last strawberry hazel nut muffin that look great.  Attention to detail is what makes this place one of a kind.  That place is just cool just like how you would expect a coffee shop to be.  The outside looks like its a converted gas station.  So if your uptown and need a little caffeine, give this place a try, def worth it.
5	So cute and it fits right in with its vintage, funky neighborhood, being a refurbished gas station and all. They have a small seating area inside and a nice patio as well. The coffee was good and there is a big selection of Harney and Sons teas! As for pastries, I tried a homemade poptart. Not as delicious as a true, over processed poptart, but probably a lot better for you, so I'd do it again :)
5	I went back to Copper Star today. I ordered a vegan apple cinnamon muffin, which was much better than the pastry I had last time. The cinnamon was oozing out of it and I never would have guessed it was vegan! The staff was also super friendly today, and they helped me choose an iced green tea (which came in a 7/11 Slurpee size cup...dang!). It took me an hour to sip the whole thing down but there's no rush here! It seems like a good place to hang out!
4	Copper Star is a old gas station converted into a coffee house.  You sit inside, out front, or just take the drive through and wait for a gas attendant oops I mean a barista to take your order at the pump! The coffee and egg sandwiches are good but if you try anything take a bite out of the cupcakes made in house! They are award winning!
5	Awesome. Simply chill, beautiful atmosphere tucked away in the center of Phoenix. The coffee is just as warm and sweet as the hospitality. Highly Recommended!
5	I have been going here on and off for the past 3 years.  It is just a 2 minute bike ride for me from home, or 6 minutes when walking Jack my dog. Everyone here is friendly and attentive.  It has a cozy family atmosphere and they actually remember your name after your first 2 or 3 times coming in.  I usually just have a drip coffee but have to admit that it is always tasty, never too strong or too weak.  The pastry case always looks awesome!.  They have a variety of coffee drinks from hot, cold, to frozen.  They also have sub sandwiches and artisan sandwiches as well.  I highly recommend the curried chicken salad sandwich, the recipe is actually Bill's mothers.  You gotta check this place out!!!!  I give all of my 10 thumbs up...
4	Been in town for a few months now, when I go to have coffee with someone this is the place I pick. Nice and comfortable....coffee shops today don't give enough comfort, there are some nice big sofas to sit on. :) place is decorated with "good" local art, unique setting and love the style of the place.
4	Went here on a recent Saturday afternoon with some family while we were in the area.  I had looked for a local sandwich shop on yelp and was pleased to have  found this spot... hell, it was close enough, so we gave it a shot.The buildling is an old gas station I've driven by many times before ... never would I have thought that it would be creatively converted into a small sandwich and coffee shop... but I'm glad it did!The small outdoor patio had a few people there (and some pets) and the indoor seating area was small but empty enough that we found quick seating.  The table/chairs were a bit awkward (a bit wobbly), but we made do.  We all had sandwiches (I the Curried Chicken Sandwich - how have I not had this before, it was outstanding in flavor!! and my sister's whose sam'ich I also tried was the Deviled Egg - also delicious) and afterwards we decided that, with the unique selection of alternative-ingredient baked goods they had on display, we'd try a few out.  When we had first walked in, this girl's big, FAT delicious looking cinnamon roll had caught my eye.. and after lusting after it throughout my meal, I decided I'd go back to the walk-up counter and get us one to split... waa!  They were all out!  Bummer... BUT, we tried their spice cake and their danish and they were excellent.I will be back again for sure!
5	This place is so nice and homey. Great local place to hang out and have strong hot coffee.
5	Great coffee, wonderful food and an awesome staff.  One of my favorite coffee shops, if not my favorite.
4	Nice lil spot here...Have walked past it many many times but never went in.I don't drink coffee,have an interwebs connection at home,and really have no reason to go...Until a friend checked in today so I walked over to socialize.It's comfy and cozy both inside and out.I never know what to order on the rare occasion I do find myself in a coffee place like this,but I do know it'll be expensive.So I ask about iced teas.The lady behind the counter who was uber friendly and nice recommeneded a few different things and I went with some herbal thingamajig.Got a BIG cup full of light goodness.I was expecting to hear something like 5 bux,but it was only 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!would I go back?I might rabbit,I might.Except some of of the denizens were of the hipster faux hippie persuasion,and well,I didn't care all too much for the great unwashed the first time around and I would prefer my tea hippieless here in the new millenium.If my friend checks in again,I'd follow him over.Just wouldn't go on my own.
5	LOVE the raspberry white mocha! They also have a peanut butter white mocha I've been meaning to try. Always have good music playing & a variety of delicious fresh baked cupcakes & other goodies!
3	I have mixed experiences here at Copper Star.  Overall, it's a really nice, hipster coffee place where I can study a bit and surf the webs.  I can't offer feedback on the coffee because I'm a tea drinker.  It's the monster, refillable iced teas that keep me coming back.  They have several to choose from, and are very generous with the servings.  This is a very good thing in the summer time.  The pastries are freakin' awesome.  Love the baked goods, except maybe for the bagels.  They're just ok.  Otherwise, if you love a great muffin, they have 'em.The lunch items are a weak point.  I've eaten lunch here a few times, and I was never satisfied on any occasion.  The first time, they didn't have the ingredients necessary to make the meal, and tried to concoct some frankenwich that was just odd.  I ended up swapping it out for hummus plate that was just- meh.  The second time, I ordered the turkey sub. Again- meh.  Today, the veggie sandwich.  It wasn't very good, and it didn't have the same ingredients listed on the menu.  Also, the lunches don't come with chips or salads or any type of side.  Go elsewhere for food.Other than that, it's a great place to chill out and study.  It's also a nice stop-in while I get my dog grooomed.
5	I love this little spot. Decent local coffee spot. The raisin bran muffin is to die for. USUALLY pretty friendly, knowledgeable staff. Though I think I've walked in a couple times to an upset irritable manager? It happens. I get it. I too, work in the industry. I live on 7th ave and the ambience is just beautiful for the area... Keeps me coming back again and again and again.
5	Alright, I'm officially off Starbuck's...when I'm in Phoenix at least. I ordered the coffee of course because how else are you going to determine the quality of a coffee house without testing the main ingredient. So one iced coffee with irish cream and low fat milk...Boom! my new favorite coffee house. The decor is quaint and artsy. Stone floors and brick walls mean a nice cool escape from the insane heat we all live in and the guys behind the counter actually seemed like they were happy to be at work. I even like the building itself, which appears to be converted from a 50's gas station with a single serving pump which now serves as the drive-through. Tomorrow morning I'm gonna head down early and enjoy a newspaper in my new favorite coffee house.
5	LOVE this coffee house. Excellent service from down-to-earth and honest-to-goodness staff, a drive through service for those mornings on the go, appropriate pricing, fresh baked goods, and delicious coffee (according to my coffee guzzling fiance). My only complaint - and it is a small one - is their chai. Sigh....some love it, so it may be just your cup of tea (teeheehee), but I like my chai with a bit more spice. But, as I write that I just realized if I were to ask the staff, they could probably just add in a little extra spice. Because, yes, they are that nice.
5	Super cool spot to get some java and check email. Great prices locally owned. Very cool art work that switches out every month.
4	Very cool very hip place.  Great for hanging out on the weekend to sip coffee and play on the internet.  The place is small so it feels really cozy.  It looks like it used to be a gas station so it has a funky fresh feel to it.  Coffee is good and they have a small variety of yummy baked goods.  Check it out if you've never been there.  I'm not sure what type of bandwidth they have there but the wi-fi speed is always lightning fast.
5	I love this place, when classes are in session, I'm here like 3-4 times a week. They have delicious pastries and drinks. Plus its by all the sweet vintage shops, a great way to kill a few hours.
5	When I'm schlepping a car full of wee people around Phoenix to preschool and play-dates, Copper Star Coffee is the fuel that get me through. I patron their awesome car-hop service several times a week.  The staff is always friendly, and the service is speedy.  And of course, the coffee is absolutely delicious.I like to order flavored iced coffees. They never over-sweeten--the taste of the coffee always comes through. I've also enjoyed their chai, and my mother-in-law enjoys their drip coffee. When I am free from baby-shackles, I love to sit inside with my laptop for some uninterrupted work time. The atmosphere inside is lovely with great music and natural light pouring in from the windows. Copper Star is the best place for keeping one's coffee-cash local!
4	it has, that draw. a staple in Phoenix, Copper Star Coffee. Setting a high standard for quality in coffee and baking this place has built a great reputation.  William T. describes the place as "Very old school"  I agree, This place keeps its simple and relaxing.  Off 7th Ave, its a cool joint, from the outside its noticeably an old gas station and once your inside you know your in a serious coffee house. Big time fan (3,1/2stars)  Copper Star Coffee is another pit stop that provides this city with its heartbeat.  These little stop shops gives us a little time in society to see or neighbors up close.  Thank you, you small businesses like Copper Star that keep our city one step ahead of our corporate friends such as one that also has a star in their name  4220 N 7th Ave is just North of the Indian school 7th Ave. I lived near hereand what a find.
5	I think they have great coffee and pastries.  There hasn't been a time I visited that I wasn't happy with the results.
4	I love this place, not only because it is one block from my house but because the staff is super friendly, there are always interesting people to talk to, the patio is gorgeous and perfect for coffee sippin'/people watching, they always have vegan pastry options and they are always amazing and oh yeah, the coffee is yum. My only gripe is I wish they had more dairy-free milk choices (all they have is soy).
5	Love this place!!  Everyone is friendly and the coffee is so good.  They have good frozen coffee drinks and pretty decent food for a coffee shop.  Good urban environment also. They also have a punch card.
5	I work around the corner from this place, and having driven past on my way to work for a few months, I finally got the chance to give Copper Star a try, and I've been back 3 times in one week.  The design and overall feel of the interior is wonderful.  Especially now that the weather is getting cooler, I loved sitting inside next to the large open door, enjoying a lovely day.  I was there for a few hours working on my laptop, and I enjoyed that the people around me were a break from the normal "coffee shop crowd."Speaking of the coffee shop crowd, the employees here are nicer than any barista, anywhere.  Seriously.  They greet everyone with a smile, and take your beverage order without judgement (how refreshing!) while willing to give recommendations if you need a little guidance.But the thing that really pushed it over the top for me is the baked goods.  OH.  MY. GOSH.  This morning I stopped in to get a muffin on my way to work and half an hour later, when I finally got a chance to eat it (still warm!!), I literally walked around telling half my coworkers about this muffin.  It was that good.Thank you copper star, for becoming my new regular coffee shop.
5	It's like Lux, but smaller, and that's ok. Cool vibe, good coffee.
5	By far one of the most original ideas for a coffee shop. Good atmosphere and local art on display. The coffee? Delish with a hint of awesome. Highly recommended. By me. Because that's what I do.
4	Great CoffeeGreat AtmosphereGood Baked GoodsFriendly StaffFun and Hip
4	Disclaimer: I don't know coffee or espresso. I mean, I can tell if something is burnt to hell or completely the wrong temperature but I'm no ex-barrista who can comment on how hot the creme is being made or to what extent the froth should be added. I just like the decor and, now that the weather has cooled, sitting on the couches with the garage doors lifted.That said, Copper Star is a quality local coffee shop. As another poster mentioned, the employees are very friendly which, as a coffee knownothing, I appreciate in a small coffee shop.  The baked good are excellent, if a tad pricey. The options seem to rotate but I haven't been let down yet. If you are looking for something a little more substantial, I highly recommend the hummus plate. As I am quickly becoming a regular, I wish they had some kind of punch card program -- oh well.
5	Can I just start by saying how much love I have for our local coffee shops?  You just can't beat the personal attention and genuine care these places give.  You all know I love me some Giant on my Monday mornings (close to work! great vibe! good music!  STELLAR coffee!) and I gotta get down on Jobot on my way in to my second job.  Songbird's been frickin' killin' it with a PERFECT, CONSISTENT spicy chai (make it dirty) and then there's my home coffee shop: Copper Star.  Ooooooooooh, Copper Star, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways. Their drinks are great.  They showcase local art.  The music is good.  Their baristas are genuinely nice people.  Seriously.  I might hug one of them next time I go in.  But it's the FOOD that prompted this post.  Today I discovered their vegan, gluten-free, peanut-butter oatmeal cookies.  I know there are people out there that imagine that vegan and gluten free can't possibly be good, but I honest-to-god believe that the 3 (maybe 3? Maybe 20?) minutes I spent enjoying that cookie may have been some of the best minutes of my life.  I can't really pin down how long it was, because I'm pretty sure that cookie helped me transcend space and time.  SO. Good.I went back later for the vegan rosemary green chile potato soup.  O.M.G. Copper Star.   CenPho.  Happy happy happiness.P.S.  The patio's great too!
4	Delicious coffee and snacks. Vegan options available.
4	Used to be an old gas station. Creatively decorated, warm, chill spot. Very good coffee & exceptional danishes & baked goods.  Very friendly staff. Nice break from weird hipsters at other coffee shops.  Has better community vibe.
5	perfect place to sit and enjoy some delicious coffee in a relaxing environment with friendly staff and vegan items available, as well.
4	I like to call Copper Star my home office away from my home office or even my main office from time to time. The connection is always solid and the staff is super friendly. I especially like setting up shop here on rainy days. I get my large van-latte, plug in, connect and bang out a full day's work and it doesn't even feel like work at all. It's a great place to meet up with a friend to play catch up, talk world events or even strategize. The art work is quit funky, too.Aside from the great coffee, they make some pretty tasty sandwiches and salads. I really like the lemon ginger tuna salad sandwich because it's light and surprisingly filling and no-mayo. I prefer this vinaigrette based salad because really, who wants to bite into a mayonnaise sandwich?It's also bike and dog friendly and they are really excitied about recycling.
4	I needed to find a new place to work and eat after seeing two cockroaches in the course of an hour at Lux (which led me to look into Lux's health inspection results . . . see for yourself, here: https://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=businessResultsDrillDownAA&permit=FD-19615&business=Lux | Central&address=4402 N Central Ave Suite 2).Anyway, came to Copper Star on the recommendation of another former Lux customer.  I'm not so enamored with the coffee here---though it's better than Lux's---but the food is good and the place is clean (for disclosure's sake: https://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=businessResultsDrillDownAA&permit=FD-10073&business=Copper Star Coffee&address=4220 N 7th Ave).  I particularly recommend an omelette or the humus plate, both of which were excellent (and not just excellent for a coffee shop).  Also, the WiFi here is fast and reliable.  All in all, a place worth patronizing.
3	Losing a star for something I saw today: customer returns an espresso drink, complaining that it's missing the toffee syrup she requested. Barista adds a few pumps of syrup and then stirs the customer's drink--a drink the customer's already tasted--with the spoon she is using to prepare fresh drinks, then puts the spoon back in a pitcher with the others used to prepare fresh drinks. Am I too fastidious in demanding basic hygienic standards in restaurants? I mean, this isn't someone's home kitchen. When I worked in food service something like that would be a reaming from the manager, at the very least. Jeez. Hopefully this kind of thing isn't universal among the employees here. Nevertheless, it's probably back to the drawing board for me on coffee shops.
5	The customer service was outstanding! And my coffee was delectable! The ambiance, music, decorations, & design of the seating area was optimal; stylish and functional (and plenty of space)! The bathroom was also really nice! I'm only here for three days but plan on going back! :)
5	DANG IT! my cubano was so good!! it was recommded to me by the carhop. i wanted something on the sweeter side that was also strong. this came with 2 shots of espresso, cinnamon and milk. it was perf.i also liked the car hop. he was so cool. i told him it was my first time so he did jazz hands as a welcome. i also picked up a chai latte for my friend and she said it was amazeballs.
5	Love this spot! I try to stop here everytime i'm in the area!
5	After driving past this coffee place (used to be a gas station back in the day) I decided to stop one day and give it a try. I'm a big fan of Cubanos so I was excited to try one here. The Cubano was excellent....not to mention the DELICIOUS pastries behind the glass counter. The staff is always nice and greet me when I walk in. Honestly, I would rather go here than to those OTHER coffee places nearby which are always crowded and overrated. Last time I went to the OTHER place, my Cubano tasted like an Americano with extra sweetner added. I was so upset that I dumped the coffee and went back to Copper Star. Unfortunately I live on 180th Avenue and I have to wait until I get to work (15th Avenue and Indian School) before I can get my coffee fix!! Anyway, this place looks nice and clean. Give it a try next time you're in the area of 7th Avenue just north of Indian School. Look for a gas station with a coffee sign. The parking is limited so you may have to drive around a bit before you find a parking spot. Sometimes the garage door is open and the smell of coffee hits you as you're driving up.
4	I just moved to this walkable neighborhood, and am attempting to get off my lazy butt and walk around more. Copper Star is only 5 minutes away from me so I walked on over today. As a former Slavebux employee, I loved the nice, laid-back vibe. It's small but has a nice variety of seating and a little patio. I also loved the variety of people I saw- the place is very accepting of PDA by same sex couples, for example. Definitely a hipster vibe without being too overly pretentious.I tried a Cubano, which I hadn't had before. Definitely worth a try- it's espresso pulled with cinnamon and raw sugar, condensed milk, and steamed milk. I see some reviews about the poor wifi. I dunno if that is still a problem but I have to say when the wifi went out at the 'bux there was really nothing we as the employees could do except call the cable company- yet me and the other baristas got bitched at nonstop. So I know it sucks but have some patience.At any rate, I will be back just because it is a perfect walking distance destination for my study/coffee sessions.
2	Have been gong here for years. Nice atmosphere.  Service is in slow motion and spotty.  Orders have been forgotten etc, yet they seem over-entitled to getting tipped well.  Despite that, the food is pretty good and the coffee average.
4	Centered between my school, office and house, Copper Star Coffee offers a cozy and versatile environment perfect for doing homework, meeting up with a friend, or simply staring out the window and contemplating life.The variety of hot teas they offer is rather good, as is their hot drip coffee. If you ever get the chance to try their peach blackberry muffin, please do so. It's unlike any muffin I've ever had before.The only downside is parking. They have a parking lot with two spaces plus one handicap space. If you're driving, you're most likely going to have to park on the street or in the neighboring boutique's parking lot (and I don't think they like it when you do that.)
3	I think the coffee is pretty good. The service on the other hand, is hit or miss. I usually hit up the drive thru and some of the baristas are pretty friendly. However, there are a couple of guys the are a bit dismissive when I go. One guy in the morning ( not sure if he is the owner) told me to pull forward after I ordered and the turn off my vehicle. The tone was pretty rude. I now only use the drive thru in the afternoon.
4	Wow, what can I say? I think I am in love with this place. The homemade-in-house Chai was yummy to my tummy and the big piece of moist and pretty chocolate cake actually made me scrape my plate! It is really cute and funky inside and they have a nice outdoor seating area.Go here now!!
5	I've been here a couple of times, but it had been almost a year since the last time, until a friend of mine came to visit from Las Vegas. She is Vegan and has always had to search out places she can go that she can eat their food.We decided to go there and she was pleasantly surprised to find out that they had vegan pastries! She loved the cupcakes so much that she ended up buying extras for her drive back to Las Vegas!! I had the curry chicken wrap and it was AMAZING!!The service was exceptionally friendly and VERY inviting! I can't wait til I move to that area so I can enjoy their food, beverages and friendly faces, a few days a week!!
4	Fun place. Cute, hip environment!  There is a very competitive coffee environment in downtown (between Lola, Lux, Giant, Fair Trade, Hob Nobs, JoBot, etc.)- but they are definitely making their mark! A relaxed place to hang out, talk or study. It has more of a "rustic" feel than some other coffee shops. I can't wait to go back.
5	If you are a Coffee house junkie like me, CSC one of the best! Atmosphere, ambiance,service and the blue berry muffins!! Amazing place!!!
2	I wanted to like this place. The drinks are way overpriced and service is below average.  Barista didnt even call me to know my drink was ready.  It just sat there for awhile and me and another customer were waiting to see who's drink it was.  My chai latte was $5.50 for 20 oz.  pretty overpriced. Won't be returning.
5	I had to update my rating to a full 5-stars for C-Star. Jenny and I have been consistently going there for nearly a year and neither of us has ever had a subpar visit. Seriously, they don't ever have an off day. I usually go weekday mornings -- never a problem. Jenny typically visits in the afternoons -- always treated well. More often than not, we go together on a weekend and lounge in the patio misters or on the big orange couches -- always a positive experience. The coffee is the best in the area (we recommended St Francis look to Copper Star to brew up b/c the reject grounds from Cartel are not cutting it) and the service is always excellent. The baked good and food selections make it just that much better. If this were the RenFaire, I'd be totally HUZZAH for Copper Star.
2	We use to go to Copper Star for many years. Ever since new staff are working there. Not very friendly (this was a few months back). There has been some male staff who were very friendly and love their job. This one female employee was rude. And she  looked like she did not want to be there. I noticed a new menu I had mentioned that this menu is new to me and that I was not ready yet to order. Obviously they were not very busy that day. This employee would be standing there with this impatient look. When I ordered something she would tell me they didn't have it. And I ordered something else and she would tell me the same thing. I asked her. What do you guys have? She would tell me and I just ordered a coffee and left. Their menu items listed appeared more expensive. And the art work on their walls has gotten uninteresting unfortunately. A friend of mine when there and told me that the manager lost his restaurant business and I'm wondering that is why the prices went up. I wish them luck.
4	Gluten- Free peanut butter oat ball cookie things. Not sure what they are officially titled, but they happily entered my belly. Nice sturdy tables for getting work done... internet password posted right up on a wood sign spray painted.
4	There's a reason I frequent Copper Star--their coffee is like crack. If you ever need a really delicious cup of caffeine, and possibly a yummy homemade muffin, head to Copper Star. The staff is friendly, the coffee is strong, and the atmosphere is welcoming. This place was converted from an old gas station, leaving tons of room for character and a Drive Thru. There's even a dog-friendly outdoor seating area with misters.Overall, try copper star if you love good coffee. If you're in a rush, hit the drive thru--you'll be glad you didn't go to Dunkin.
5	Cubano and lemon poppyseed muffin awesome.The repurposing of building and decor too cool.  The service was on point and some hip customers as well.Woohoo!
3	OK, so keep in mind, this is a good community coffee place, and I come here a lot because it's close and they have free refills on plain coffee and at long last, reliable internet. I wouldn't want a starbucks here instead, but still there are some constant stupid complaints I have about the place. Today I sat trying to read something as their phone (an annoying cubicle sounding telephone) rang and rang for about 5 minutes straight. It's a small place, so this was loud and really annoying. Then there is their music. It's not great. They just have employees (nice people) playing streaming music on their phones. Music ranges from tolerable to bad, but it's never ever ever interesting music. And then, when the employee gets a call on that phone, it amplifies their ring tone over the speakers, until the employee picks up their phone and cuts out the music while they chat to their friends.  And cleanliness. their mens room is disgusting. I have a 2 year old and he always has to pee. I'd rather my son pee on a truck stop toilet. They also have a real fly problem. It's a cute place, the kind of community coffee shop that puts up really bad local artists work (a good thing to do). But this place with just a little effort could be so much nicer.
4	Nice, local coffee shop with great coffee. The place has a nice vibe- definitely a place where you could stay at for hours and get work done. I had an almond milk coconut cappuccino and it was delicious... Their baked goods looked really good too.
1	worst coffe place ever hethe owner treats employees like hell does not comply to government standards he is a looser Bill since he lost Circle H bbq he still has not given me a w2 and ir affects my new business in Michigan however Bill does not care so he is getting audited  by the federal goverment
2	While the scone was delicious the coffee was to be desired and as cool as the place seems you have to know someone behind the counter to get good service.  They had forgotten to make our sandwiches, did apologize and gave us 1 free drink card hmm seems like they could have done better. I don't believe ill be back again too bad some places live by reputation rather than quality!
3	It's been some time before I last came here. I was showing up pretty frequently last year: coffee's good and so are the pastries, but their wifi really sucked, which I needed to get homework done.Came here again for the first time in nearly a year and some things have changed. Their wifi connection seems to have improved and their food portions have grown twice in size. I ordered a hummus plate, which was absolutely massive. I mean, that thing could have easily fed two or three people. I felt bad throwing it away. The coffee's still good.My main issue comes from the music, though. I felt like I was shopping in Forever 21 or H&M, not trying to study for a class. How am I supposed to take reading notes when Jay Z and B.o.B.  are blasting above my head? I could only take it for so long before leaving. Sorry, Copper Star, maybe we'll have better luck in another year.
4	We were back in PHX on business and yelped coffee shoppes.  Love to visit local coffee places and this one looked fun. We had the Cubano and Mexican Mocha iced plus some pastries- everything was yummy! The staff was very friendly and the interior was so fun (even the bathrooms!).   Wished we still lived in AZ!
4	A great little coffeehouse cafe. Great coffee drinks, superb muffins, tasty sandwiches and wonderful atmosphere. I will make this a regular place to stop an relax. It is friendly, has wifi, and well worth the drive to get there!
5	Coffee delicious, pastries delightful, ambiance just what you expect in the neighborhood it's in. Place is wonderful, set in once a gas service station, now a coffee full of everything you can ask for, political conversations, to the beginnings of ones novel. Place is definitely one to make the trip for, and enjoy the beautiful hidden gems downtown Phoenix has to offer. #cafehunters
5	In all honesty, this place has become my go-to coffee shop. Whenever I'm too lazy/late to make coffee at home, this is where I go. The staff is unbelievably friendly, the coffee is made to the T, and their baked goods are always deliciously satisfying (not to mention, vegan-friendly if you're into that). Copper Star pays close attention to the quality of service an goods they provide, which is hard not to notice. There's more than one reason why I keep coming back here, and when you give this place a shot you'll see why.Overall, Copper Star owns the coffee biz West of Central. There's no reason to go anywhere else.
5	In all honesty, this place is everything a coffee shop should be: comfortable, friendly, delicious drinks, an artsy hole-in-the-wall vibe...etc. It has become my go-to coffee shop for so many reasons. Whenever I'm too lazy/late to make coffee at home, I leave it up to the staff at CS to start my day off right. OR If I know that my own coffee pot won't do the trick on any given day, this is where I go. The staff is unbelievably friendly, the coffee is made to the T, and their baked goods are always deliciously satisfying (not to mention, vegan-friendly if you're into that). Copper Star pays close attention to the quality of service and goods they provide, which is hard to ignore. There's more than one reason why I keep coming back here, and when you give this place a shot you'll see why.Overall, Copper Star owns the coffee biz West of Central. There's no reason to go anywhere else.
3	Great atmosphere, but lukewarm staff. The guy who works in the mornings (weekdays) and the owner are awesome, but some of the staff act like they're annoyed to be taking your order. Their pastries are excellent and the coffee is ok--it depends on what you order. I've always had a much better experience on weekday mornings vs. evenings and weekends.
5	Great selection of drinks and homemade sweets, including the rare and delicious Aztec Cocoa. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable. The building and decor in this converted gas station are relaxed and cool. My order was miscommunicated to the barista, but they quickly and happily corrected it. I'll definitely be coming back.
5	Such a cute bohemian little rest stop to refuel on caffeine and good food. The shop itself is an artsy throwback to old school fueling stations. The space is a bit small and fills up fast, especially on the patio. They carry Harney & sons tea (which scores them allot of points in my book). I ordered the green tea blueberry drink. It was closer to a smoothie than I expected, but so delicious.I also got a cheesecake muffin, a hummus plate and some bagel egg sandwiches. It was all very reasonably priced. The hummus plate had all sorts of goodies to go with the homemade hummus. The ingredients used were all high quality. The muffin was most and fluffy.
4	Yummy coffee, an awesome old building re-purposed and fabulous decor with local artists featured.  Their treats (pastries) and drinks were on point!  The only feedback that I have is that the people that worked there were not overly bubbly barista friendly like most coffee shops.  I have only been there once, so I understand it could have just been an off day.
5	This is really a great place! Good coffee, reliable Wi-Fi and pastries galore! The staff is super friendly. Can't wait for it to be nice enough to enjoy working from there with the big roll-up door open!
4	Return visit for work.  I was training a new hire, and remembered this great little shop. Not a good place to study:/ or have a work conversation. Too much noise between the 90s music and staff... Still great coffee but not a place to concentrate:).
4	I love the sense of community that I feel at copperstar coffee. I feel that is due largely in part to the influence of the manager, who is a great guy. The only thing that downs this place a star for me is inconsistency in product. Otherwise... I highly recommend copperstar to anyone! It's got a unique vibe that you won't find anywhere else.
5	:)
5	Copper Star is far and away my favorite local coffee shop.  It's everything that I want in a local coffee shop.  The staff are super friendly and have a fun quirky artsy hipster vibe.  Yes, that's one specific vibe.  The owner, Bill, is often there and is a super friendly local guy.  The coffee is really good.  Both the brewed coffee and the espresso beverages are very smooth.  The coffee they serve is not roasted to death, so it isn't nearly as bitter or biting as the coffee served at a certain multinational coffee mega corporation we all know.  The pastries and cakes are out of this world.  They bake them in an open kitchen that you can see as you order.  I have never been disappointed by a single baked item I've purchased here.There is sometimes live music.  The crowd is friendly and local.  Free WiFi.  Great spot to sit and read, socialize with friends, or go for a first meeting.  Can't get enough of it.
5	"Is this your first time here?" she asked in her cute, lilac-haired voice. "Yes it is" was my reply. "Let me buy you a pastry!" she declared as I glared at all of her sweetness, from top to bottom. She had gooey, sticky, and no doubt very, very sweet things to offer and it was all made right behind the counter in her open kitchen. Pointing to the high-rise layer cake on display I asked her "is that real?". "Heck yeah it is, it's a peach cake.". I didn't want to be an obvious glutton so I opted for the banana and walnut bread and ordered a blended coffee- both of which I was very satisfied with. Will I always stop by when I'm on 7th ave from now on? Heck yeah.
4	skyrockets in flight-fat kid's delight!i had a hankering for a heapa helpin' of some hot stuff... so instead of stopping by the deutsch siblings, we stopped at copper star. why don't we stop here more often? creatures of habit or just plain old creetchies? anywho, the lovely lass who tended to us was just a little slice of cake with a plop of peachie. my raspberry mocha and his cinnamon variety were thoroughly tasty, but the zinger here was that she sacked us up a chocolate chip scone,completely on the house, since we had been mia for so long. i usually have a bone to pick with scones, desert dry, hack inducing crumby, chunky things that end up in the bottom of my cup, eventually landing on my face with a wet plop when i get to the dregs. this guy!  oh, he was the antithesis of sconedom, with....i don't know, 17 cups of chocolate chips?! a delicious monster of a thing. we raved, we gushed, we chomped and mushed all the way home. thank you nice lady! we will never stray so far again.
3	Love it but the baked goods storage always seems to have a fly in it. Needs coconut milk.  Love the hood and staff though !
5	Excellent coffee shop. So many teas to choose from. Great people. Lots of delicious looking baked goods, I'll have to try them next time, mmm... The menu also looks great. It's nice and quiet for working. And there's an outdoor seating area. Dig it! Highly recommended.
4	Got here before open and they were nice enough to let me in. Been grinding ever since solely because the music and temperature were on the money!! I'll be back here for sure.
5	This is my neighborhood coffee shop. I initially started coming because of the drive-thru - I'm not one for motor skills before my morning java. The staff is super friendly and perky. Whether they are brewing it up or are just morning people, I'll have what they are having!
5	Best coffee in the area, hand's down. Drinking the best coffee in an old gas station and mechanics shop, all the better. Copper Star is never empty, and it is small and cozy, but there always seems to be room for everyone. While they have given the inside the hip, artsy cafe makeover the outside remains true to its historic roots. Copper Star (and the owner Bill) have been huge supporters of the Melrose area business and the historic district's community for as long as I can remember. The service is usually fantastic, but if you ever have an issue, all you need to do is let them know and they will certainly take care of it. Stop on by!
3	I go here because it's in my hood. Only in the event someone wants to meet there etc. The coffee is meh...food is meh...service usually sucks. Unless you do drive thru. Bathrooms are dirty. Flies always in the cake case. Seems like the owner spends more time chatting to regulars and the girls that work for him then caring about his business.
5	LOVE. I went for my first time on a saturday around lunch. There was a steady amount of people, but not so much that I couldn't concentrate to study. Super friendly staff! The owner was there working, was incredibly friendly and was sen conversing with customers. Great customer service! I had an Iced Lavender Mocha and curry chicken pita! Great food! Even better Customer service! Officially one of my favorite places!
5	All the staff are awesome! Great baked goods, music on patio. The owner is so nice and I hear he's a great boss! Love Adrian , Cameron and the new girl from Alaska :)
5	Such a wonderful and friendly place. The coffee is great and the pastries are amazing. Staff is super friendly and the outside patio on the weekends is a slight click below the Westminster Dog Show.
4	I really like this place. Quaint and cozy, though it can get a little crowded sometimes. Be sure to spritz with bug spray before you sit outside if youre one of those mosquito magnets. They get me virtually everytime I go. Though I cant blame them if I taste that scrumptious. Also make sure you ask for their rewards card. The girls generally dont tell you they have it, but the guy in the mornings will. Try their berry muffins. For $3, theyre the size of a grapefruit!
5	Best (and by far the biggest) muffins and scones I've ever eaten. Better than the elite muffin stores I frequent in Manhattan. More fruit, less sugar, and fresh made every morning on the premises. Get there early if you're a scone lover. The coffee is of course very good. Tea selection is even better with many varieties to choose from.A funky converted gas station with great service too!
4	Their scones are divine and it is a nice little place with fine coffee.  I only wish they would not let dogs in.  I am allergic to them and it rather spoils my meal.  If they had a sign on the door -- no dogs, except service dogs it would be fine.  The ones brought in are not service ones.  Their scones are delicious and made daily.  Go there!
5	The owner is awesome, the employees rock, the goods are great, and that's just the inside!
4	The food is delicious, pastries and coffee. I definitely recommend trying the Thai iced tea. The employee are friendly and the environment is chill and peaceful.
2	I am a neighborhood local, and regretfully cave in to going to Copper Star to get coffee when Im too lazy to make it myself.  Product: EVERYTIME i order their drip coffee, I immediately regret it.  Burnt, gritty, and occasionally tastes like it was reheated leftovers from the day before.  "Iced Coffee" at Copper Star consists of ACTUAL leftover coffee...  instead of tossing the leftover coffee when it's time to make a fresh pot, the coffee is put into metal containers and submerged in cold water and put in the refrigerator, then served  to customers the next day.  If you have in-house pastry people and a staff who has a clue what they're doing (too much to ask...?) i would expect fresh strong-brew that is immediately chilled, or for the progressive local spot, a proper overnight cold-brew.  No organic or fair trade coffee is advertised or offered, and no one has ever been able to tell me where it comes from.  I give this review 2 stars because they have great bagels.  From somewhere else.  How do you screw up bagels? They don't.  Thank you for putting my butter or cream cheese on yourself while my bagel is still warm.  This is what keeps me coming back...lol  However, they are regularly out of bagels by 9am.  Perhaps ordering more would solve this problem?  Or would that just be common sense?As I sit here today eating my bagel replacement (a Banana Nut Muffin), I was compelled to write this review when I discovered half of the browned banana in the bottom of my muffin.  The last one i had about a month ago had a small piece, so it didn't phase me.  I considered if the muffin was meant to have half a banana in the bottom, but then I'd never had one like that, and i certainly take the extra effort when making my own banana bread to carefully smash the banana before i add it to my batter BEFORE baking!Staff:  If someone frequents a place at least once a week, they would expect some level of recognition, particularly if they are unique looking or have enigmatic personality.  I consider myself VERY unique looking.  The same staff looks at me like I have a second head growing outta my shoulders, or they seem dazed and robotic, with a Stepford Wife unprompted expectation of an order to be rattled off without greeting.  My mate used to work there, and no one seems to every recognize them, either.  I think it's weird.  Speaking of weird, let's chat about Bill.  There is another blocked review referring him: "The owner (who I have met about 8 times now-- his name is 'Bill') is completely used-car sleazy and gives me the closeted creeper horrors. I sat at the bar for about a month working on my computer-- listening to how he talks to his mainly young-lady employees. His tone and the things he says range from offensive to condescending and inappropriate. Funny thing about having a completely open workspace-- the customers can hear everything you say..."I have the same experience with him and have been appalled at the blatant sex-oriented comments said in full company of customers...  I wonder what Bill's wife thinks of his ladies at the the coffee shop.  Customer service starts with a smile, and listening skills.  If you would be busy LISTENING to what i want, instead of busy cutting me off with "is that all...?" you might actually get my order right, thus getting me out of your line and out of your life in the fasted way possible, which is clearly the intention of the bitchy girls who work there.  In short~Local businesses fail because they don't appreciate the people supporting them.  Bill's favorites get away with murder and treat everyone like lesser folk.  Not every idea is a good one, especially ones regarding serving old coffee.Mash the bananas before adding them to the batter, and order some more friggin' bagels.  why do i continue to come here...?  I'm going to The Refuge next time.
3	I like my coffee. I ordered a simple drip. Yummy. What I didn't like: the smell. The place smelt. Not horrible, but not pleasant either. Not like roasted coffee or something. My friend had to leave. He won't go back. We sat outside and drank our yummy coffees.
5	This neighbourhood coffee shop has everything one could possibly desire.  Fresh coffee? check.  Delicious baked goods the size of a toddler's head?  check.  Friendly staff who make recommendations based on previous orders?  checkThis is the place my children prefer when we are getting a treat- they love the rice crispie treats and brownies.  If you haven't been here yet, you need to stop in and see for yourself what a great little gem is hiding out in Melrose!
5	So..... Yea, this place rocks my socks!!!!! :D If you see me at Copper Star say hello, I really enjoy this place and I have met SOO many of my friends there!! I love all the Barista's, the coffee, the food, the people, the environment, it makes me happy to come here and there is no where else I'd rather be. :)Now, just to be funny, I have to write about one of the Barista's ass', it is SOOOO hot, lol... I love you Emmah!!! You rock, figured I would say that about your booty because, well, you are funny and awesome!! Just like all the others... Bill is a great guy too!!! He is obviously the best boss I have ever seen, so laid back, and he really enjoys seeing customers!!! There is never a time when I do not see that man sad, he is either VERY focused or smiling, it makes things go quickly.The business has grown it seems and I am happy say that I get to go to Copper Star... See you there for an awesome cup of awesome. ;) :D
5	Copper Star hits all the marks. The baristas are all awesome people and although I only order iced mochas, they are consistently delicious which is more than I can say for other coffee places (coughstarbuckscough). Copper Star has a great shaded patio, and a drive thru window. One of my favorite spots in phoenix.
4	So this place is nice I got the Cubano coffee, the only down side was how clean it was they should look at little details like cleaning the glass tables often and the outdoor trash
4	Great little neighborhood coffee shop. We go here nearly daily. Good cup of coffee and everyone's friendly. Love the brown sugar and mixed nut scone: just make sure you have several people or 3 days to eat it cause they're HUGE!Like the changing local artist work they display.
5	We are lucky, as a community, to have Copper Star on 7th Ave. It's an important place!* Great drinks* Killer, fresh pastries (including gluten free)* Friendly staff* Caring owner* A locally owned, independent place of the community right on the Melrose Curve
5	Amazing ambiance, gigantic and delicious pastries, and very welcoming atmosphere. Staff members are super nice, and the art exhibits are always a nice plus to the space. Their BLT is one of the best BLTs I ever had.
2	I love this coffee shop. Hey have great drinks here, BUT recently I have a big knock against them. They are constantly playing loud, heavy rock. Call me old if you want, but I prefer to go to a coffee shop to study and to have a little bit of peace and quiet. It seems like it is constantly loud now here. I have overheard others complain about the same problem. It could be a rising problem if it continues.
3	I'm okay with this spot.  First and foremost, thank you to the employee who (when she found out it was my first time stopping in) gave me my lavender mocha on the house.  That sort of friendliness and service is what many places lack!!! This place has the potential to be great.  I liked the music variety overhead, and the variety of small and large tables. And, of course, the staff was super chill, which is always a good thing.The downsides: it had a funky smell.  I am not sure if it was the open kitchen concept - but it wasn't a familiar or the most pleasant smell.  Unfortunately, one of the coffee house guests was singing to himself (he has every right to! and this isn't the coffee houses job to tell him otherwise!), but it just disrupted my steady study mode... I will add that their restroom was not horrible, but it also wasn't as neat as I usually like to tolerate - it could use some fixin' up.However, it's cool. The lavender mocha was more legit than I expected (I have never had a lavender drink in my life), and their baked goods looked amazing - try the no-bake cookie (but share it with a friend!)
3	I went here with my dad today to try something new. I ordered a lavender mocha and strawberry chocolate chip muffin. The muffin was delicious! It was rather large and well priced, definitely a two person muffin. Unfortunately, I didn't really care for the mocha. It just didn't taste very smooth; I had it iced, perhaps it's better hot? I asked to have a replacement drink, which the barista was glad to do. I ordered an iced coffee with cream, and because of the price difference, I was given a chocolate chip cookie. Again, unfortunately, the coffee was pretty weak, and there wasn't enough ice to make it a cold drink, so it was a watery, lukewarm cup. Which was strange since I'm pretty sure the coffee came from a pitcher from the fridge. So, three stars for the terrific muffin, but I probably won't be going back for more.
4	This is my go-to coffee shop! Awesome and friendly staff. Whenever I head in there I know I'll be taken care of! All of the pastries are made in house and they are usually great! I'm glad that there has been more variety lately. I would like to see more options when it comes to food. Everything I've had is good but specials every once in a while would be nice.
4	Nice place.  I took my whole family on a Saturday night.  Great friendly laid back place.  Try the lavender mocha.  The wait staff even had a nice time helping the staff out with some deliveries.
5	Nice environment. Free Wi-Fi. They have a nice patio area, a drive through and a nice layout inside. I will be back to work here again tomorrow.
3	Loud music on radio.... burnt drip hot coffee.... nasty iced coffee.... service just okay..... bagels and cream cheese good but not outstanding. I live within walking distance of this coffee shop and usually just go up the street to the new Starbucks for faster service and surprisingly BETTER coffee. Sad as I love to support Melrose  District small businesses whenever possible. My next door  neighbours feel the same way. It's just meh...
5	Awesome wifi,  but........ The fruit flies almost dragged my law books away.  I felt like one of those poor children on the miracle network asking for donations....all I needed was a camera close up of me holding an empty cup, with  Puss n' Boots eyes and  the flies all over me.  Can we close the door and get an exterminator up in this joint?  Superior wifi....just don't eat anything here ...unless you like larva.
5	Love this place to work on my laptop, great drink selection, nice menu and very affordable, nice staff too! I love it when they have live music!
5	First time in and this place is awesome. The lovely lady behind the counter bought me and my boyfriend a coconut macaroon, which was very tasty. Drinks came out quick and both were delish. They use great coffee/espresso and the barista knew what she was doing. Bottom line great drinks, treats, and service :-)
5	Decided to hit the drive through before work and grab and cold chai latte. The girl that helped me was really nice and gave me 2 punches on my card since it was my first time. The drink is also super tasty. I'll be stopping again for some treats in the near future!
3	First off, the atmosphere is pretty cool. It has a laid-back and indie kind of vibe going on. Lots of interesting people drinking their coffee, some students, some people having conversation--it's all good. I'm not a person that is bothered by the background noise of a coffee house (in fact, the noise helps me focus), hence why I frequent them to study. So why the three-star rating?Atmosphere aside, this place was a little odd. It kind of feels like a sideshow of sorts and coffee house awkwardly pieced together....1. When I walked up to the display counter I checked out the various muffins and cookies (which are monstrous). I placed an order for a mocha and then asked the person upfront what one of the cookies were, as there was no label for them. She looked at them, looked surprised and said that she didn't know and would have to ask someone to find out. Then she stood there and stared at me. After a few seconds she asked me if I wanted something. "Um.....yeah, I wanted to know what kind of cookie that is so I can figure out if I want to buy it...??" Duh. Seriously? Are you not going to sell me the cookie? Am I crazy to expect that you'll ask someone next to you if you don't know? Strange. 2. The place was eerily quiet when I first sat. No music. No loud voices---people were basically quiet and doing their own thing, surprisingly. (usually there is that ONE loud person). But then something in the air stirred and this guy starts playing the trombone... okay, not bad (a little odd of an instrument choice, but I won't judge. Also, the jazzy music was pretty cool to study to.)...then another guy picks up a harmonica and mic....hmmm, interesting. Kind of folky, not bad....Annnddd then this guy starts singing and playing a guitar. Ok, seriously? Trombone, harmonica and guitar? And it seems like they are all playing three different songs. I pull up the coffee shop's website, nope, this little "musical adventure" is not listed on their calendar. So can random people play live music whenever or was I just privy to a special random performance? I mean it was around 4pm on a Sunday, so I wasn't expecting there to be any kind of live entertainment. Also, the disjointed music has now become a distraction (see, I've lost all concentration to study and started writing this review instead ::sigh::). 3. Parking: there are like four parking spots? You have to park on the neighborhood side streets--not sure if there's a permit requirement or a free-for-all. So park at your own risk. 4. On the plus side, the mystery cookie was pretty tasty and the coffee wasn't bad. I got the lavender mocha, it didn't really have any lavender taste (maybe they forgot it?), but I liked that it wasn't overtly sweet or syrupy. Overall, I'm not that impressed. If you're going to have live music--cool, just let your future patrons know through your website or some kind of sign. Also, your staff needs to get it together a little. They just seem like they're floating around, just hanging out behind the counter a little clueless.
4	Oh yes! Copper Star is a definite favorite. They have an awesome vibe of it's own the moment you walk in. By far the best BLT's in town and their salads are wonderful. Typically I order an iced Harney and Sons Tea, chai tea (iced) or basil lemonade. Once in a while, my husband and I walk over in the mornings and order a delicious morning bagel with iced coffee.  Overall my satisfaction is guaranteed at this place. There have been a couple of times where my chai tea has been too milky but the baristas are friendly and always willing to help in any way. Beware of their baked goodies! I've accidentally ate the entire monstrous thing unintentionally! So yummy!
5	After popping my head into Lux and finding the only available seat in the bathroom, I decided to branch out and try a new coffee adventure. I'm glad I did. Copper Star has a unique coffee menu, funky interior design, a chill outdoor seating area, friendly staff and a open comfortable space for customers to work away on laptops inside with outlets. Apparently that wasn't enough.So Copper Star brought in a string quartet. On a Monday night.Seriously Copper Star? You're just going to step up and raise the bar like that on every coffee house in Phoenix? Bringing in a string quartet is an independent coffee house declaration of war. Copper Star is throwing down the homespun, hand-knitted fair trade alpaca gauntlet to every other bean brewer in Phoenix. I'm impressed. I'll be back. Also, try the Thai Iced Tea.
4	Cool, trendy coffee shop with great iced coffee and amazing baked goods. This is one of the best spots in Central Phoenix to grab a cup of coffee/tea and a snicker doodle.
4	The house Chai is fabulous! Copper Star has absolutely delicious baked goods! Amazing atmosphere and great music. Some of the staff are super friendly but others could improve their customer service. Overall, a trendy and fun place to grab coffee/tea with a friend.
4	Great atmosphere coffee shop in the Melrose area. A bit close quarters, probably because of the popularity, but an otherwise great spot to hang out and meet some new faces.
3	Tried an iced cubano, was delicious!But 3 stars for service---line went slow mostly because of returned food/drinks that were sent out with errors or just completely wrong. Staff was friendly about it, just made things inefficient, & I almost left due to the wait time but glad I stayed because the cubano was tasty. Parking was a bit of a hassle too, I had no idea where to park so parked at a business next door.Might come back...not sure yet.
3	It's an okay coffee shop, they have wifi but didn't take advantage of it.. Kinda mellow but nothing amazing as far as ambiance goes. The mocha was decent, not spectacular. Since I live downtown I probably will go check out Cartel or Jobot if I really need my coffee fix. Both are closer and probably feel and look cleaner than this joint, they should air it out a little bit..smelt kind of ripe mixed with the coffee beans lol ..just saying!3 stars
5	I was in the area and stopped in for a quick caffeine fix and this place is really great. The staff was super friendly, the coffee was good, and the atmosphere was really inviting. Next time I'll have to try the food.
5	I just moved to Phoenix from LA and being a coffee addict I started looking around for a coffee shop next to my house. I got hooked after the first time. The staff is awesome!! Friendly, funny, charming and the coffee is amazing! Walked in on a monday night and they got live music! WHAT?!?! By far the best coffee shop I've been to. Keep it up!
5	First time today and will not be the last. Friendly and that counts during a morning rush. Thanks !
5	Small quiet and comfortable! Menu looks great as most coffee joints do but this had "tuxedo mocha".
4	As far as locally owned coffee shops are concerned, Copper Star is definitely tops. For one, it's an old gas station cutely repurposed as a coffee shops. The decor is hip with local art covering the walls. It's quiet-most of the time there are people there hanging out on their laptops. (Which begs the question-Do coffee shops pay people to hang out on their laptops? Even the grocery store Starbucks has people hanging out!)Being someone who drinks coffee all the time, I usually opt for nothing too fancy-an iced coffee will do, thank you very much. Oh and can you add some almond milk and vanilla? The coffee here is generally quite good, however sometimes inconsistent. It might not be the coffee though-sometimes the drink just tastes like the syrup is sitting at the bottom. For that reason, I have to knock off a star. :( I still love you Copper Star! Oh and I hardly ever do take advantage of the baked goods but they're always tasty. Get the S'mores brownie if they ever have it and share it with someone so you don't go into a sugar coma.
5	This is the closest coffee shop to my house. It's  super cool that it's a retro gas station where you can actually pull up to the pump to get your cup. Not only with tasty beverages they also offer yummy treats, gluten free and vegan options as well. Copper star coffee is a must try if you are in the Melrose district.
5	Ok, let me ask you a question. :) If you live 15-20 miles away from a coffee house, does it make sense to drive all the way over their to get your fix? YES-if it's this place. Starbucks WISHES it could be this place; they are most likely on their own hands and corporate knees praying, only to find them go unanswered. Lol. It wishes it was as cool, had as great a drink selection (not just coffee either-try the raspberry tea!!!), and has an inviting atmosphere that is great for hanging out and socializing. Wait! Did you say socializing John? In a coffee house? In Phoenix of all places? Yes. :) Believe it. Come here for their coffee. Stay for their great service. Fall in love with its refreshing sensibility and the satisfaction of patronizing a local business. Go here. NOW :)
5	Love coming here for a study session and a cup of coffee. Delicious and quick. Sometimes acoustic music at night- beautiful. Always a pleasure to come back.
5	Love love love!! This place is great! The drinks are yummy and the service is super!!Last time I got an iced chai that was a little too spicy for my taste and this time I went the guy said he'd make it sweeter and if I didn't like it I wouldn't pay for it and he'd get me something else. I did like it and he gave me a coupon because I didn't like it last time.Really generous, truly a servant.Plus this place has such a great charm! Clean,
3	I hate to say it but I'm not very impressed with my two experiences here. Both times I've been here the staff had some issues going on. Not very friendly or welcoming. At one point in my second visit, a man who looked like the boss broke something and looked pissed not only at himself but the employee that was next to him. Both times I've been here this place seemed kind of miserable. There's no music playing as well which kind of adds to the coldness. I like my coffee shops warm and welcoming, with music and comfy chairs and even friendly staff. Hopefully the days I went were unusually bad days for the staff here. The coffee was good but the cinnamon roll  I got sucked. Great idea, bad execution from what I've seen.
5	Simple menu for coffee and delish muffins (and all sort of bakery goodies). The decor is pretty cool (antique and sinister touch) with full if characteristics. It's not a fancy coffee spot but I would most definitely want to visit more as a local citizen...it has its uniqueness and charms. At the moment, the outdoor patio is just a perfect spot. Loved coffee time with friends...I am proud to be a local here.
4	This is my favorite coffee shop in midtown Phoenix. The coffee is very good mostly (sometimes when the staff turnover is higher it can make for inconsistent coffee). They have the best earl grey iced tea and a decent selection of sweets. The location is charming, it's a reused gas station where the fill up spots are now spots to order at as a drive thru. There are beautiful lush plants growing everywhere, there's a birdbath and outdoor/indoor seating. The atmosphere is very relaxed which makes me feel comfortable to come here first thing in the morning when I run out of coffee at home.
4	The coffee here is quite good, and the pastries are pretty yummy. I'm a big fan of the staff here, they're always friendly and willing to banter, and they're exceedingly welcoming. There are some endearing quirks to the place as well. The occasional jazz band playing there in the mornings and mid afternoons is a nice touch.As a note: if you're ordering an iced beverage, the choices are medium/large/extra large, which can be a bit confusing at first, especially for those of us who need caffeine to function. You adapt.My one knock against the place would be to say that the geometry is awkward, at best. No truly clear place for the line to queue. The seating can be tricky if you want to be solo but not sit at the coffee bar. The patio is nice, but it can be trick to find a place to sit. There's street parking to be had, but you might have to park a block or so away (I personally don't mind the walk, but I can understand how it could get annoying in July).Overall, a solid cafe, and my go-to in this part of Phoenix.
5	This is a wonderful little coffee shop with an outdoor seating area some nights they have entertainment they always have great desserts usually made from scratch this is a coffee shop that was once a gas station that has a lot of character at night time they burn a fire outside it also has a nice relaxing fountain outside as well.  Depending on what you order the coffee can be normal to medium to  overpriced but isn't that true for all coffee shops lol.
5	This is my favorite place for my morning latte.  It has a hip interior to hang out and some patio seating as well.  But usually, I go through the drive thru.  Yup, this independent coffee shop has a drive thru. The staff are always friendly as they walk up to your car and take your order.  When I "forget" to eat breakfast at home, I order a breakfast sandwich here-  your choice of bagel, ham, egg and cheese.  They also have an assortment of baked goods.  The coffee is way better than any chain, especially ones with weird mermaid logos, and in my top tier of independent coffee spots in Phoenix as well.
5	Love this place.... Excellent coffee! My go to when in the area, everyone is so friendly!
5	Love the ambiance and the peach tea!!! Quant lil local place to eat, drink, and be merry!! Thanks Copperstar for the good vibes......
5	Love it.  We're from Washington state and we were getting desperate to find a real coffee house.   Excellent choice.   I had two shots of perfectly prepared mellow low acid espresso that was presented in an awesome demitasse with an equally awesome soda water "chaser."    The vegan pastry - had given up hope of finding any such thing in Phoenix - was awesome.   My husband is an obnoxious Washington state coffee missionary.   Likes to tell baristas how to make coffee.   No need to do that here.   They've got it down.     Great music.   Interesting indoor/outdoor seating arrangement and the whole place is an excellent use of an old garage.   We will be back!
5	I consider it a personal failing that I haven't reviewed this place yet. The staff is wonderfully friendly, the coffee is great, the loose leaf teas are very well curated to offer a nice variety of caf and decaf options without being overwhelming, and their iced tea selection has a black, herbal and fruited option. Their food menu is the perfect mix of limited and diverse (though I would not say this is a place to go for food), and they have a wide variety of baked goods that they rotate on a regular basis.On top of that? They have handmade craft-y things if you want to impulse buy a gift and a rotating display of artwork on the walls. They do it all, and they don't mess it up.This place. Everything about this place. My only concern is that it will one day get too crowded for its cozy floor plan!!P.S. The bathrooms are always clean. Not regular restaurant clean, but the type of clean that's worth mentioning in a review of the place. And the sink fixture is really pretty!
5	Fun little spot nestled among some of my favorite shops along 7th Avenue in downtown Phoenix.  The Gridbikes station nearby makes for the perfect Sunday cruise location. Live music at times, solid coffee.  Try the Cubano!
5	Can you say: cranberry scone with a 32 oz iced coffee (camel syrup, English toffee syrup, & carmel syrup)!?! That's my everyday.. I had a friend order that & they said: hey that's like that lady's coffee. When she told them it was, they were like OMGoodness. I got her addicted too!!  The Morning Glory muffins are my 2nd fav. There is the breakfast bagel, BLT, coconut cookie, oh & something like a Reece's PC, but Waaaay better. Oooooo sugar coma!!!  I've had other things, but those mentioned above are my favorites! If you're into smoothies, this isn't the place. Sara is the BEST baker!!! Keep it local peeps!
5	Best part of this place its in Melrose, my neighborhood. Support local business. Amazing coffee selection and breakfast items. Vegan Bill is yummy, BLT is oh so good (they are very generous with the bacon), and the egg breakfast bagel is yummy.
5	Way friendly staff. Great espresso and they always have super good treats in the glass that you have to consider ordering one. Love picking up a coffee and hanging out before picking up dog food next door.
5	Good place for coffee..the Cubano and tuxedo mocha is a must try if you want to try something different
