1	I'm surprised this KFC/Taco Bell has no reviews. Nevertheless, this location, in my opinion, is the worst ever. I used to use the drive-thru, but after an incorrect order almost every time, I've found it easier to just go inside. But then, even when ordering inside, orders are still wrong. The food is the same as all the other KFCs and Taco Bells, but the staff is what brings this place down. Tonight they were out of chicken. Out of chicken! Well, out of Extra Crispy. And even what they did have was not enough to fill an 8-piece meal without mixing Original & Extra Crispy. That's fine, okay, I'll take it. But then I observed as the employee preparing my order grabbed a bunch of individual sized containers of cole slaw and dumped them into a larger container for my order. What? Oh well, it's still yummy. It just seems like this spot needs to be organized and trained a little more. Why do I return? Because it is convenient and the closest KFC to home.
1	I wish that I could give NO stars because the previous posters are right; this place is TERRIBLE. They are always out of something, often it is chicken! A 20 minute wait is the norm, be it the drive-thru or inside. You might as well go inside if you insist on eating here, as your order will most likely be wrong. I have been told they are out of verde sauce and that they will no longer be carring it (not true), I have been given 2 chicken strips instead of a breaded chicken sandwich (often) and even if I order one thing, 50/50 chance it will be wrong. I have called to complain to the GM but never recieved a call back. Today the GM, Farrah, was there. I told her the issues I have and she said, "We'll work on it." and blew me off. It was rude and dismissive. I only go to this location because it is literally across the street from my house, and my son begs for Taco Bell as a special treat. No more. The location at 43rd & pinnicle Peak and the one at 57th & Bell aren't as bad, and the Taco bell/ Long John Silver is almost always right. However, I won't go anymore. I can get junk food anywhere, made right and with a smile; why would I give my money to them?
1	The food that I got at this location last night was the worst food I have ever had at any Taco Bell in my entire lifetime. This is actually the second time I have been to this place and hoped that things have improved since my last visit since it was a very long time ago. After last night, I now know that I will never visit this abysmal excuse of a fast food restaurant ever again. On both of my visits, the contents of my food was "lacking". I ordered tacos and burritos and all items barely had any filling or contents. I mean BARELY anything!!!! There were literally less than 10 individual shreds of lettuce in my tacos. When I first opened the packaging I honestly thought there was no lettuce in my tacos. Then I just looked closer and noticed the very very few sprinklings of meat, lettuce and cheese. PLUS, they got my order wrong. I ordered a taco supreme and it was not supreme. Unfortunately, I bought my food in the drive-thru and didn't discover all this until I got home. I was furious!!! To boot, the place inside is filthy, empty and just downright terrible. Don't ever go to this restaurant. The franchisor is obviously instructing his staff to short change their customers by not preparing the food to the franchise's standards (i.e., actually putting food in the taco shells or tortillas). It just sucks because this is the closest Taco Bell to my house. Oh well, I truly hope they go out of business and fail miserably because this franchise owner doesn't deserve success.
3	I'm afraid to give this place 3 stars....only because people obviously hate this place.  I don't eat here much but it is what it is, fast food.  Which means you have to lower your standard.  If I was buying fried chicken at Claim Jumper I would be paying 3-4 times as much and getting service which cost money too.  I occasionally get a craving for original recipe KFC and this is the most NW KFC in my area.  I cant stand Taco Bell and do not understand with all the great fast food Mexican why anyone would go here for that.  I did try to go here once after 9pm and they stopped selling chicken and only served Taco Bell which sucks but I was not surprised, remember these people make minimum wage.  I have never had bad service here and its nothing special either, the inside is pretty clean and the chicken serves its purpose when I get a craving.
1	Horrible! I've been living in the neighborhood for 15 years and have unfortunately ordered at this KFC dozens of times. I can't think of a single time where something wasn't wrong with the orders. They manage to screw up anything! The employees are usually impolite and/or grumpy, and the chicken is rubbery and slimy. Mediocre at best.
1	Place is a joke. Screwed up drive-thru order, food is disgusting, hard, dry. Wont answer phone. Calling MasterCard to do a chargeback.
2	It's only 8:00pm and your out of empanadas for the night? So much for Open Late!  And what's with the folding chairs taking up space in the parking lot? I didn't know you had opened a used car lot too! Geeze - not the best service!!
1	Obviously I am not alone in stating this is the WORST KFC ***POOR MANAGEMENT*** - If they do get your order correct the chicken is usually dried out - Employees are unprofessional and act as if you are an inconvenience to their day.  I have given this place 4 attempts and have always been disappointed.  I will not be going back!  I know they just remodeled however when they removed the debris they forgot the management.
1	DO NOT EAT AT THIS KFC. I ATE THERE AND THE FOOD MADE ME SICK. FOOD POISIONING. I bought the 9 piece family bucket. it was all wings and legs with one thigh. NO WHITE MEAT. I got home and my wife wouldn't eat it as she only will eat white meat. So I had to go get her something else to eat. The time before when I went there they were out of original recipe chicken. This was 5:30 pm on a Friday night. I will never eat KFC again. Think I will call the BOARD OF HEALTH on this place.
1	First time here, probably my last. Worst. Taco. Bell. Ever. Enchiritos & smothered bruit to had no sauce, waited over 20 min in drive-thru, tacos were just thrown together. However, when I brought it back the shift manager was very apologetic and remade everything on the spot. A possible save...Just ate the food they replaced. Horrible. All of it was lukewarm. I won't be back.
1	Sad to see from other Yelpers that this Taco Bell location has not changed in 2 years.My wife and I went to this Taco Bell/KFC location for the first and last time today. We ordered six taco supremes and waited forever for our food. As I was waiting a long time for our food, I noticed that the 4 or so employees behind the counter were just standing around, chatting, and not working. The only food that was coming out was for the drive thru, still very slow.Our tacos order was finally ready. When we got our tacos they were terrible. They looked like they had been thrown together very fast with no thought to the final product. As you can see in the photo, they were very bad.I went back up to the front counter to be met with the same employee that took our order. He asked if I needed help. I asked to see the manager. He then left the counter. Another very young employee came up. Her name said "Team Member." She asked if she could help me. I asked if she was the manager and she said, "I basically am." I said is there a manager here? She said she was working Taco Bell. I stated that if she was too busy then I wanted the store managers number. She then walked away.Another girl came walking up. She saw me and walked into the office. Then again popped back out didn't look at me until she was at the counter and asked if she could help me. I said that I used to work at Taco Bell and I know that this is not what a taco supreme looks like. She asked if I wanted other tacos. I didn't want any. I asked if I could get some chicken instead. She said yes.I ended up getting 4 very hot pieces of chicken instead. Even though the chicken was hot, the chicken was not very good; very, very greasy and also tasted like the oil they are frying the chicken in is old.Whoever is the manager of this Taco Bell needs to be let go. Very poorly run restaurant. Will never visit again. Terrible customer experience. Stay away!
1	Avoid this location like the plague. I've gone here twice, and both times were awful. The most recent time, I waited in their drive through line for 15 minutes, just to get home and realize they gave me someone else's order. This place is ridiculous and I'm never going back...I would advise you to do the same.
1	I always say I am going to do a review on this Taco Bell and never do, mainly because I am too busy trying to get other food together for the kids since they have ruined my order yet again. They are rude when you order and act like they are doing you a favor. Every single time our order is messed up. Their drive-through always takes forever (we just waited at 7:30 at night over 13 minutes),  they are always out of everything and they never participate in promotions. I have literally never once got the correct order from there. A couple weeks ago they gave us somebody else's order, and the worst thing about it is we didn't find out till he got home! I always say I will never go back and this time I mean it.
