4	I've been taking my alto saxophone to Mike Nye for repairs whenever it needed some tweaks. It needed some again and a few weeks ago I noticed Mike moved his repair business out of his house and into a storefront on the SE corner of Rural & Guadalupe. I dropped my horn off in the morning, he looked it over and gave me an estimate and told me it would be done later in the day. Not even a few hours later, it was done. Now, I credit this to timing on my part (no big rush orders) and Mike's love of saxophones. That said - all instruments are welcome. I asked about business and was told they have already outgrown the new space and will be taking over another space behind them to expand. So if you have a horn that needs some tender care, I highly recommend Mike Nye.
5	I was looking for a good and reasonably priced repair shop for my saxophones and flutes on the net, and I found Mike Nye's.  When I called Mike, he sounded fair and knowledgable, so I took in my alto sax, to fix a couple of leaks and replace a couple of corks.  He was done with the work the same day, and the charges were very reasonable, the repair work excellent, and I found Mike a wealth of information about musical instrument repair, and instrument quality.  Since my initial repair order, I have purchased a slightly used pro alto and a new pro tenor sax from Mike.I am extremely happy with both instruments, and I saved allot of money on the purchases, compared to other Phoenix area retail outlets. Mike sold my old alto and my old tenor, through his consignment sales process.  Both horns sold quickly, and for a fair price.  I feel I have a reliable repair shop for my horns, now, and also a great place to buy new and used instruments.  The staff at Mike Nye's are very friendly and helpful, as well.
5	My son is a clarinetist (a pretty good one)....and I know diddly about that instrument. So when his horn started squawking the week before a big audition, I asked his instructor who to take it to, and he reco'd Mike. The shop is small but bustling, and Mike has always been thourough in explaining what is wrong and what needs to be done. His prices are very reasonable, and the turn around time is always fast. Highly recommended.
5	This guy is awesome! I took in my son's baritone to have some minor repairs done and I was very happy that he was able to do them while I waited and at a reasonable price. No complaints, will go here for any other repairs that my son's instrument needs.
