3	We visited KJ's Curry Bowl last Friday. The decor is nice, nothing too fancy, wait staff is extremely polite and attentive. We ordered Beef Satay with two side sauces, peanut and spicy Teriyaki. We tried both Chicken and Beef Satay, both of the appetizers were great! The appetizers came with broccoli and brown rice on the side. For the main entree's we had the chicken curry in a coconut sauce and a tofu curry with brown rice on the side. Our favorite was the chicken curry:) Tofu was good too but nothing outstanding. I personally used the saracha sauce on the side because I like it really hot!The Chef was generous to provide complimentary mango ice-cream which was ok. I think the food is good but I was puzzled by the menu because it is a combination of several cuisines, e.g. American, Mexican, Thai and Sri Lankan. Not sure why the owner will create such and extensive menu with all the different cuisines, why not stick to the Sri Lankan cuisine only. I don't think I would like to go to a Sri Lankan restaurant to order Thai or Mexican in mind.I think it might be important for the owners to think about creating the focus on Sri Lankan cuisine and how to differentiate themselves from other cuisines like Indian/Pakistani/Thai.
4	Don't be fooled by the generic name. This is a genuine Sri Lankan restaurant.I once took a date to a Sri Lankan place in NYC. When asked how spicy she wanted her dish, she said 'hot'. The waitress gave her The Look, and suggested something milder. After a ten minute argument, my date relented and agreed to 'medium'. After taking one bite, tears started streaming down her face, and they didn't stop until after the meal was over. It was the spiciest food I've ever had. This place is definitely a lot more Americanized, but you can get spicy food if you really demand it (don't just settle for 'hot' when they ask you how spicy you want your food).Unfortunately, Sri Lankan classics like lamprais, aappa, vade, etc. aren't available, but their curry is solid.
2	Well, I had high hopes for this restaurant.  I wanted to love it. I really did. Its right down the street from my pad.  But, unfortunately, the restaurant is suffering from an identity crisis.  I guess I was suprised to find that KJ"s curry bowl had a variety of foods that did not scream "curry".   I came at 3 pm, so I'm not sure if I got a lunch menu or a dinner menu. The curry was on the back page which is surprising.  Then, there was an array of other ethnic cuisines---too many to be cohesive.   There is gumbo, burritos, quesadillas, chicken curries, stirfries, teriyaki bowls, etc.   Needless to say it was a real variety.   We started with a chicken satay with peanut sauce.  Then, my mom ordered a cheese quesadilla and I ordered chicken curry (medium).    The satay:  pros--- had a great thai peanut sauce (although i would like a bit more sweetness to balance out the soy sauce flavor--maybe a tad bit of honey or brown sugar?)    cons---oh wow. the chicken was awful.  its thigh meat, that has a weird aftertaste. I would suggest a marinade for the meat if they are going to cook it like that---something odd that left a bad taste in my mouth kept me from eating more than one piece.  We left the other meat to rest and ate the salad (hungrily) with the sauce.The quesadilla:  well how can you screw this up? they did a good job of making a yummy four cheese quesadilla and i appreciated the queso dipping sauce. The Chicken Curry: pros--- the sauce is fantastic! I wish KJ's would highlight these types of things instead of having such an immense menu.....in fact, i would suggest a satay with the sauce they used for the curry! Yumm.  The flavors of the curry really were something to be coming for.  Also loved that they gave a brown rice and white rice option. cons--unfortunately the chicken was the problem again. Still the odd thigh meat that doesnt taste quite right (although admittedly tasted better drowning in the gravy).  I would say that if they would use a better cut of meat and threw in some vegggies (maybe mushrooms? bellpeppers or cauliflower), it would taste more varied and look much more appetizing.   The $10 price tag on the chicken curry was WAY too much for the small portion I had. I would suggest a tag of $6.99 at most.  For a treat, the chef sent us some yummy mango ice cream! that was nice!I guess what I think is important and one of the most important things is that a restaurant needs to have a cohesive menu and have an identity.  KJ's leaves you wanting to know who they are appealing to.  I would suggest this restaurant do what they do best! SRILANKAN cuisine.  Not louisiana gumbo or burritos.  No where in Madison is there a place you can get AUTHENTIC sri lankan food. They would be better suited to have less to choose from on their menu, better quality ingredients, better prep (marinating chicken satay for example can help with thigh meat), get rid of four of the five cuisine types listed, and some little tweaks to make presentation more restaurant appealing.  Five main dishes that are winners would be all that would keep me coming back. Trust in the quality of good meat and some good curry!We would love to have another curry joint to go to and places like Sa bai thong can show you how good curry can appeal to many! don't need to sell out to too many people to get a following. The star was the gravy and that is the eastern vibe KJ's should continue with!
5	I'm a Sri Lankan and I have been looking for a Sri Lankan restaurant in the neighborhood for a very long time. I'm so glad that I have KJ's Curry Bowl now to fulfill my appetite. KJ's is not just a Sri Lankan restaurant. They also serve some best handpicked Cajun, Asian and American dishes. The best thing about KJ's Curry Bowl is that they make everything from scratch!I drove 70 miles to try them out and boy was I blown away! It was fully worth it.
5	I have absolutely no complaints about this place. Truly a very good Sri Lankan restaurant with great food and ambiance. I drove all the way from Chicago to check it out and I must say that it was well worth it. We ordered the 'String Hopper Kottu' along with the pork satay for appetizers along with 'avocado juice'. I even tried a Mango juice later on which was spot on. The whole meal was served quickly and was very tasty! I will definitely visit again!
5	I heard about this restaurant when the news talked about a kitchen fire that delayed the opening for several months. The two times I've been here for dinner, I've had great service and inexpensive, delicious stir-fry. They managed to keep the dishes flavorful without using to much oil. I look forward to eating here many more times.
4	Be sure to check in at the front desk. Neat space. You want hot curry--as in SPICY? You got it! Dumplings are amazing. Be sure to order as the appetizer. If you are expecting the curry with coconut to be somewhat sweet, this is not the case. However, it has a flavor that can be appreciated. I would order it again.
5	This place is misfiled, thanks in no small part to the authenticity of the place.  This is an authentic Sri Lankan, Sinahlese restaurant, and the young couple owning-operating it have much to learn about American-Midwestern mainstream culture.  First, they obfuscate the fact that they are Sri Lankan, dishing up not just very authentic, but also very tasty Sri Lankan curry (my aunt Kamala makes authentic Sri Lankan curry, but it's not actually that good).  And yet, there is nothing on the menu, on the storefront, anywhere here that would tell a potential customer that this is a Sri Lankan place.  I've tried explaining to the owners that there is a subset of Americans who are looking for different, unique, exotic, foreign and authentic, there's a market for culinary adventure.  They think they need to hide their background, so they don't scare off potential customers.  Staggers the imagination, this is Madison Wisconsin. They play this canned smooth jazz that would be too cruel to use on prisoners of war, because it's called "restaurant music."  Last time I was in there I brought in some traditional Sinhalese music for them to play, and a White family at a nearby table was enthusiastically encouraging them to play it, to no avail.  They have all this peculiar stuff on the menu, burritos, some pseudo Chinese stuff, because they want to entice the teenagers from the nearby school to come after classes.  Sweet Lord Shiva, they think American teenagers are a good thing to have in a restaurant.  Well forget all that, the sincerity of the owner-couple is part of the charm of this place.  They may not know a lot about American culture, but they sure have bought into the American dream.  Once you meet them, you'll want them to succeed too.      The weekday menu is limited, in terms of authentic Sri Lankan, but the green bean, chicken, and dal curries are delicious.  Unless you know what you're doing, do not ask for it Sri Lankan hot, but if you want authentic Sri Lankan hot, they will bring it on.  I am actually salivating as I type this.  This place is so good, not once, not twice, but three times, I've hopped on the bus to Madison during the week, from Milwaukee, just to eat lunch.  The prices are low, the food is unique, only order from the curry section, and order one more entree than you have people, bring some food containers (they will pack the leftovers in Styrofoam otherwise, environmentally unsound, and not smart as these are gravy dishes), and bring some food home.  That's what I do.  Weekends they add some special Sri Lankan dish that's not usually on the menu, look for lamprais (not an eel, it's a rice dish in a leaf), hoppers (it's not like anything you've eaten before, don't listen to anyone comparing them to crepes or pancakes), and get yourself on their email list.  This is the best Sri Lankan restaurant outside of New York City or Toronto in North America.  I know this for a fact, as I've been to them all.      Note: The interesting chairs are actually too low to be comfortable.  Go for the standard chairs or booths instead.  Also note, Sinhalese food should be eaten with the right hand.  It tastes better that way.  If encouraged, the owner-waitress can show you how.       Outside of a handful of Indian-Americans (they like this "ethnic" food which is similar to but not the same as what they get at home), some South Asian scholars, and a few of the overeducated suburban types within walking distance, this place is still largely undiscovered.  You totally get bragging rights if you come here with the sort of friends who will be impressed when you say, "I found an authentic Sinhalese restaurant!"  Greet them with a hearty "Ayubowan,"  when you come in, and tell them Rohan sent you.  Like most Sri Lankans, they know so many Rohans, they won't actually know who you're talking about, and they would give you the same wonderful service they give any customer, but I think you should tell them anyway.
5	Ate here last week with a friend for the first time and had the chicken curry which was delicious!  They must have made some changes to the chicken after the last review, because it was really good.  Juicy and tender dark meat.  My friend had the tofu curry which was equally delicious.  The waitress was also really nice.  We were chatting and completely lost track of time.  We ended up staying about half hour past their closing time, and the waitress waited patiently for us and was really friendly even as we were leaving.  I didn't realize until I got into my car and saw the time.  Sorry!!  You could have said something, but I appreciate that you let us stay so late!
4	really nice place!! good food, clean place, friendly environment, good price!! still can be better with good exhaust system!! will go back there again and suggest everybody should try
5	A very authentic Sri Lankan restaurant, place is clean and tidy, food is so good.The restaurant did well in asian-type cooking, Sri Lankan, Indian, Japanese and few Chinese dishes.
1	My boyfriend and I visited this restaurant on Saturday, early evening - arrived around 5 pm.Two items we requested were unavailable (pork satay and coconut pudding).We settled on the beef satay, and we both agreed it was very disappointing.  The meat held very little flavor and was tough.  I'm guessing some marinade would have helped both these problems immensely  The peanut sauce was also fairly flavorless.  It was supposed to come with rice or salad, but arrived without either.  When we asked about it, the server was confused.  He eventually arrived back at our table with rice, saying we were right - that it came with rice (though he didn't ask our preference, and we would have requested salad).We ordered the chicken and potato curry bowl, which was okay, but nothing to write home about.The mango lassi was great.  The dining area is pleasant.Service was a bit slow and the food and drink were slow to arrive, despite the restaurant having only a couple tables of guests.  Our server was friendly and animated, always with a smile on his face.This is a new restaurant that has a few kinks to work out.  I love to support local restaurants and was very excited about the possibilities at Kj's Curry Bowl.  Unfortunately, it didn't deliver :(
4	Great options.  Teriyaki chicken is great and they have a good spicy sauce.  Recently tried chicken and potato curry spicy level and it was delicious.
4	After reading the Isthmus review for their Sri Lankan curries, I made the trek out to the west side with some friends. The curries are indeed on the last page of their menu, hidden away a little bit. The rest of the menu is an odd mixture of "Southwestern" offerings (burritos, quesadillas, etc), Cajun food (gumbo, pulled pork), and pan-Asian food (stir-fry, teriyaki). I can't vouch for any of those other cuisines, since we all got curries, but let me tell you, the curry is where it's at. We all asked for our curries hot, and that was a pretty manageable level of spiciness (maybe not if you are a native Midwesterner). Among the four of us, we had the dhal curry, mixed vegetable curry (one of that night's specials), and the eggplant dish (do not remember what it was called, one was a curry and one was fried eggplants). The eggplant dish was a bit on the salty side, but the dhal (lentil) curry was really tasty. You can get brown or white rice on the side. One of the things I found odd about KJ's was the pricing for their curries. The chicken and potato curry was $14, and the potato curry was about $12. A little pricey, compared to the green bean curry ($8) and dhal curry ($7). Aside from that, the curries are definitely worth checking out, and they have a different special every weekend. Go get you some spice.
3	I am really not sure this place deserves three stars, but not quite two. This place seems to be an identity crisis. I went in expecting something like curry in a box- but the menu is all over the place. There are burriots, cajun food, potstickers,  and of course Sri Lakan food ( which explains the curry). The ambiance is okay - nothing special, not bad either.  My husband ordered the cashew chicken, in which the chicken was greatly lacking in the sichuzan sauce. The flavor was more teryaki like. But there was good. - The service was very friendly and server very nice- The Mango lassi was really good, not too sweet like most south asian places can be. - My chicken curry was warm and well spiced (obvious forte), but still lacking meat.  I am not sure if I will go back or not. But there menu needs some work.
2	Not sure about all the positive reviews. The staff was great. Very friendly, great people. But the food was quite average as was everything else. The atmosphere, etc. They did give us complimentary ice cream. But it wasn't very good either. Id say to try thai basal. Much better food. Would not make a trip here again. And not worth the price
4	Stopped here for takeout.  Food was very delicious and flavorful.  We ordered 2 to go entrees (weekend special-coconut roti with chicken curry and chicken and potato curry) and instead of getting two separate containers of rice we only got one which did not contain enough rice.  That is my only complaint.Will def go back, prices were a bit high but the food is worth it.
5	Ordered food to go - pol roti with chicken curry. The roti was amazing, nice and hot - flavorful and authentic. Chicken curry- lip smacking goodness. Almost went back to bring 2 more of these ( downtown to Kjs was a trek!). The most amazing food ever, and will go back every weekend for their specials. The chicken curry reminded me of home made food, and well lets say the spiciness was explosive. I love that so it worked great, but can get the mild or medium too. One important thing to note is that in most place spicy food lacks flavor and just has the 'chili' factor, but here spicy food was also flavorful. The place looked great too, comfortable so next time I will sit there and eat - much better to eat hot food than cold :) Very friendly owner, a true gem in Madison.
5	Flavorful, authentic pan-Asian food with an emphasis on Sri Lankan. Extremely tasty, perfectly spiced and a choice between white rice and much healthier and tasty brown rice. If your dining companion is not as adventurous as you, there is also Cajun and Mexican food to choose from. Very reasonable prices, quick service and great atmosphere.
3	Came to this new establishment with friends on a Saturday dinner. The restaurant looks clean and bright--but with very few patrons--only about 5 tables of people showed up during the entire dinner time. As many have noted, the menu is very eclectic, or in a big identity crisis. Burritos, cajun food, Chinese, and Sri Lankan cuisine on the same menu? I am not sure if I have seen such a menu anywhere else. Our conclusion is that the owner might have a very postmodern idea on what "curry" means. Any creamy and liquid dish could be conceptualized as a type of curry--therefore the Southwestern chili and Louisiana gumbo on the menu! It suddenly makes sense! We stick to the Srk Lankan dishes and ordered Pineapple Curry, Chicken and Potato Curry, Batu Moju (eggplants), and Kothu the weekly special item. The biggest problem for KJ is the small portion. I was stunned to see the tiny portion of eggplants and pineapple curry. 5 of us each got one spoon of the dish, and that was it! The two dishes were definitely overpriced. Chicken and potat curry was pretty good, but too spicy (we ordered medium) for our group. The sizes were also inconsistent. Kothu came with a decent amount and was the most memorable dish of the night. We also ordered paratha after being told they have no naan or roti. It was very disappointing. I can make better paratha with the frozen ones from Asian groceries. KY failed to impress our group with its current style. We still had a good time trying Sri Lankan food, but we also all agreed that KJ should be a three star restaurant. With the same amount of money, you can easily get much better (and more) food in other places. I could see that, with some soul-searching, KJ could be a new gem in West Madison, but I am afraid it has to do it soon!
4	Great food - a hidden gem!I'm surprised this place is not busier. We've eaten there on a few occasions and each time its been as great. We've sampled many of the items on the menu and they consistently make a good tasting meal.Well worth the trip, parking is easy and the prices are right!
5	Still dreaming of their string hopper kottu and chicken curry ,Very friendly staff and delicious food. I just wish it was closer to Milwaukee so i can eat here more often
4	Delicious!  I am picky about my curry, and my lunch eggplant curry with tofu would stand up to any curry in town. A large helping,  with plenty of veggies, and the server was great about recommending the correct level of spicyness. Check this place out!
5	I have had some of the best gumbo from upscale restaurants.  KJ's gumbo blew my mind!! By far was the best I have ever had! It was overwhelmed with andouille sausage and shrimp.  Most places try to save cost and limit their proteins.  Not here!! I got to meet the owner, KJ, and he is one of the nicest people that you will ever meet!The menu is great and ranges from a mexican, cajun/bayou, Chinese to Sri Lanka cuisine keeping the options numerous.  KJ said to try the chicken curry next time since I love spicy food, I definitely will! They can make it spicy or non.  If you are a local from Madison, visiting for a Badger sports game or just driving through, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND STOPPING HERE FOR LUNCH OR DINNER!
1	Not really anything to like about this restaurant. Awkwardly large with a bizarre menu and poor food quality.
