3	Red Tea House Grand Opening.  Chinese Cuisine and Sushi Bar.Nice renovated space, in the same spot as another chinese restaurant but new management and kitchen staff.Ordered take out but not real crowded when picked up the meal.  Wonton soup and Egg roll were good starters.  The Twice Cooked POrk with cabbage sweet red and green peppers and spicy sauce was very good.  Nice flavors, tender meat and veggies.  Also, had some fried rice which was pretty ordinary.A nice addition to the area.
5	If you want quality Chinese food, this is the place to go! The food is simply delicious and always appropriately seasoned just right. I have been here a couple of times and also tried some traditional dishes here. Super delicious! The sushi here is probably one of the best, if not the best I've had in Pittsburgh. The key to GOOD sushi is fresh ingredients and this place has really fresh and yummy ingredients. My parents are sushi snobs and I'd always take them here for our sashimi fix.
2	Okay first of all this used to be szechwan (spelling?) house and looked something akin to old country buffet on the inside. The renovations are awesome and the restaurant is now quaint and up to date. However, the seating is cramped and the atmosphere is now awkward because you can pick lice out of the child's hair at the  neighboring table. My wonton soup was bland, my egg roll was made of old shrimp and dad's raw meat, and my sushi was mealy and room-temperature. I didn't even use the full value of my groupon and I honestly don't care. I will never make it a point to visit red tea house again.
2	Went here with some friends after a lovely Sunday afternoon of giving my credit cards a work out at the mall. I was teased by fresh hot tea and some lovely steamed dumplings as starters. We ordered the shredded beef, onion chicken and black pepper chicken. We also got a plate of the Hawaiian fried rice. Chinese food can often be greasy but these dishes took some serious liberties with oil. Flavor of everything was minimal and the sticky rice was dry. The black pepper chicken would rank as the best of the worst.  I can honestly sum up my experience there in one word - bland. I am not sure if this is typical fare or if it was an off day. It was dissatisfying and quite disappointing.
5	The Red Tea House beats the Sesame Inn hands down- it's the best Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh.The restaurant is located in a minimall at the end of Greentree Road.  The decor is outdated, but don't let these two things hold you back from visiting.Upon entry we were greeted kindly at each visit.  The menu is expansive yet reasonably priced.  Shortly after we were seated, we got a hot pot of black tea and fried wonton strips for dipping in a sweet or spicy mustard sauce.  The tea was great, but at some visits it's a little stronger than others.Because the portions are so large, we have taken to getting a sushi appetizer (always fresh and never fishy) and splitting a meal.  Although cliche, the General Tso's is always meaty, crispy and has the perfect amount of spice.  I have also had seafood, orange and seasame chicken and was never disappointed.  We were never charged a split plate charge.  Usually the bill only comes out to $25 for two people and we left stuffed.Service is not super fast, so I wouldn't recommend going if you are in a rush.
5	OMG! The Plum Duck was so rich and oh so good. I barely finished it the portion was so huge. The insides are really classy, and our server was efficient and adorable.
5	USA Roll is one of my favorite rolls of all time, anywhere. There was lots of fish and it was fresh and melt in your mouth quality.This used to be our neighborhood Chinese place when it was Szechuan House. I saw the nice reviews for the changeover and we visited for lunch. The lunch deals are all cheaper than $10 with tax and tip. Also, it seems that green tea comes with it complimentary -- at least, we had some and we didn't order it.It was our server's first day, but other staffers helped cover for her and we were well taken care of.I ordered General Tso's chicken. It was spicy and flavorful, without being overly sweet. It tasted much, much better than the stuff at a lot of take out places and the mall. You can tell superior ingredients are used. I look forward to visiting again.
3	Eh, I don't get all of the great reviews. My husband and I ordered delivery from Red Tea House on a friday night for dinner. He was fasting for Orthodox Christmas so he ordered Tofu in the general tso's sauce. I decided to try the beef in garlic sauce and we also had edamame. We both noted that the prices seemed a little steep but we were hoping it was because the food was amazing like the other reviewers noted. The delivery arrived by the time quoted and contained our entire order. First, we tried the edamame. We are both huge edamame fans and you can't really get edamame wrong, right? Wrong. Half the edamame wasn't completely cooked and was hard. Next, for my beef with garlic sauce, I was surprised that the beef was in strips. I'm talking like the width of shoe strings and although the menu description did not note vegetables, the container was full of onions and peppers. In fact, the dish was mostly veggies with a side of beef. I was also surprised by the level of spice in my dish. The menu does note that the dish is spicy but I usually ignore the spicy sign because I love spicy dishes and most dishes that say they are spicy I consider mild. Well they were not lying about being spicy. I could only eat about 10 bites before I had to stop because my mouth was on fire. Not complaining because again, I love the spicy but, important to note when ordering a spicy dish, they mean business. I also spent the extra dollar to get the fried rice. This was also a mistake as the rice was cooked with some soy sauce and egg. No veggies, no pork, no flavor. My husband did enjoy the general tso's sauce and thought it had a good balance of tang and sweet. If we go back, maybe next time we'll try the sushi.
2	Why can't I find myself a delicious greasy Chinese place around my hood? Is that too much to ask?? I mean, this joint isn't bad by any means. It's just middle of the road Chinese. I should have gone with my instinct and tried the sushi, but for some reason I really just wanted lo mien. After sampling Mekong's lo mien on Potomac Ave, I thought it was acceptable, but coming in here I realize that it may have been a notch up from acceptable to fairly okay. I ordered the shrimp lo mien here and it wasn't nearly as filled with the good stuff like Mekong was. Mekong PACKED their lo mien full of veggies. This was just a little shrimp, some cabbage and a ton of noodles. But the noodles weren't very flavorful. I just need a little flava in my life!So the next time I venture in here I'll be trying the sushi. I think. If I venture in again. We'll see...
5	Best Chinese I've found in Pittsburgh, outside of one or two in Sq. Hill.  Some nice dishes you won't find elsewhere.
5	I've finally found duck I like!!The Peking duck at Red Tea House is excellent.  Not at all greasy. Very well done.  Their maki rolls are wonderful, the Philadelphia roll, and the shrimp tempura roll being my favorites.  I go to this restaurant every couple months and it has become one of the go to meet up places for friends.  The service is always great, and the I have never had a bad meal.  Highly recommended.
5	Some of the best sushi in the south hills. Shrimp tempura roll. Yummy.  Tried the volcano roll as well outstanding.
4	They had some good sushi. ordered the following and they tasted goos....Rainbow roll, spicy tuna roll and red dragon roll. Their egg roll is really good as well. The chinese dishes - orange chicken, portabella mushroom with garlic sauce and veg fried rice was yummy!
5	Red tea house is the best Chinese restaurant in this area~ with Sushi Bar and delicious Chinese food!  Moreover, we can bring our own wine which is awesome!   Food is always tasty and fresh ! I love the. Geese wonton and their Ducks !!  And the price is fair enough!
4	Great food; I usually order the chicken lomain or garlic chicken(with no canned vegetables). Great food, friendly owners and staff. Prompt delivery. Their chicken velvet corn soup and scallion pancakes are delicious as well.
4	I am a fan of this restaurant and visit it pretty often when we are rehearsing at OLOV up the hill.  The sushi is great and the portions are huge!  I usually order ginger chicken and broccoli - it's not on the menu but they are always happy to make it for me.  The service is amazing and fast!  I wish I could get take out from this restaurant but, alas, I live too far away.  I highly recommend Red Tea House.
