1	Simply the WORST Customer Service in billing and new accounts EVER!After 7 documented communications with ADT Support Team and my sales rep my billing issues continue to be as screwed up as possible. Big mistake signing on with ADT, never again!
1	ADT has got to be the absolute worst alarm service in the country. When you call them for service a slick well-dressed salesman comes to see you. But if you need to talk to customer service, they all seem to be ignorant and inarticulate, and curt to downright rude to boot. Try to cancel your service and you will experience a nightmare of "what the contract states" without regard to customer experience. Just check Yelp for more cities and ADT and you are likely to find an overall 1 star rating. Truth be known, if there was a way to give negative (minus) stars I am confident that most of their victims would rate them on a scale of 1-10 as a -10. They ticked me off so much that I was going to register a domain "ADT Sucks dotcom" but they already have the domain registered themselves... I wonder why?
1	Can I give zero stars? Will never sign with ADT again- can not wait until contract is up- They lie on the phone to set up service- confusion over appointments- mess left by technician- terrible terrible company. I don't have one single good thing to say about ADT-- Just beware if you are considering ADT.
1	This company LIES - LIES - and MORE LIES.  Spent 1 hour on the phone with Greg at ADT 800-689-9554 and finally they ADT decided I did not need to spend the extra $$$'s for armed guard service - as I live in a community with TWO guard services.  Tech comes out to install and wants me to sign a contract for 36 months including the extra $$'s for the armed guard service.  Went to phone the above phone number and they tell me I have to pay for the armed guard service.....what a waste of my time and the frustration that goes with being lied to.Now to add insult to injury they have charged my credit card 107.02.  This is information for all who might consider this company - you are taking your chances.... Buy a dog.  Much better value and the dog will not LIE or CHEAT\
1	worst ever!  i'm shocked that others haven't taken the time to rate this place!  i had an alarm with cameras put in and i'm going to have to call to cancel. the tech was rude, kept answering his phone while we were talking and putting his finger up telling me to wait!  so rude!  i think i could have let that go if he actually did a good job, but he was a slob and drilled unnecessary holes in my walls and ceiling and then told me that they don't patch!  to top it off, he couldn't be bothered explaining things to me slowly, he was talking so fast that when i went to ask him to repeat something, he would huff!  the views from the cameras are terrible and he said that, that's as good as it's going to get.  really?  for the huge amount of money i just paid?  i called customer service and got no where, so i found the local number and spoke to this tech's manager and he was worse!  he said that, that's the tech he sends on all the camera jobs and there's no way there's a problem with him!  wow!  no wonder the tech was the way he was, his manager taught him to act that way!  how are they in business if they treat customers like this!?  use another alarm company!
1	Wow, after reading the reviews, I realized that I made the right decision to look further after talking to ADT regarding their services. To simply obtain info and understand the system took talking to 5 people and spending over an hour on the phone, one person actually suggested that I have someone come out as I had too many questions, I requested she connect me to someone else, as I was not going to spend my time with someone coming out if they didn't want to answer simple questions on the phone, she connected me with someone else, I finally told this person that if I was having this much difficulty with obtaining their services I didn't want to know what I would need to do if I had a problem, I then hung up. My 83 year old mother who had been sitting in the room listening, suggested I call cox, OMG what a difference!!! Nick was great and fully explained everything in less than 10 minutes, and the price was much cheaper. Stay away from ADT check Cox!!!
1	I had ADT for about a year and a half. I cancelled it because I  moved. I,  after much conversation, agreed to have it installed at my new address. The installation was to take place on August 29th. I began getting collection calls from the company, saying I owed $672.09 because I disconnected before the 36 month of my contract were up. This occurred despite the fact that I was going to have it at my new address and had been told that I wouldn't have to pay this because it would be considered a transfer of services. They also tried to charge me for services at my old address despite the fact that the system was no longer active. At no time was I able to get anything in writing. I, finally, just to put a stop to this nightmare and  paid the $672.09 and cancelled the upcoming installation.
1	I had adt in california and they were excellent but the las vegas site is verybad.  They have my money and the installation day, came and went and when I called they could not give me another date and time.Wow who is running this company?Not professionals thats for sure.
1	Complete scam.  I was moving and called 3 times to have my service address changed--the person on the phone couldn't ever figure out how to schedule it, and no one ever called me back.  I had another company set up my service at the new house and called ADT to cancel.  She was very nasty and informed me that there would be a charge of $376 for canceling my contract early.  I told her the only reason I canceled is because they wouldn't return my calls to have the service moved.  I just realized that they have continued to charge my credit card for the past 3 months.  I called to cancel AGAIN, and the guy tells me it's going to be $376.
