4	this place is fantastic. Minutes away from the University of Pittsburgh, this Mex Joint is across the street from a Qdoba and down the block from a Chipotle. I'd definitely choose this one over the others. Ambience is awesome and the food is better. They have spanish television on and lots of interesting people coming through all the time.I love their guacamole. I dislike their lack of a bathroom.This place is packed around noon.Check it out!
2	One of the few places you can get horchata (cinnamon/rice milk) and exotic candies (at the counter). It's pretty mediocre Mexican food for the most part, but compared to what else you can get nearby, probably the most homegrown you can get.
4	Not stupendous comida, but the staff is friendly and they usually have either spanish soap operas or futbol on TV. Good prices and non-corporate chain food tastes better!
3	I agree with Kit's assessment - mediocre food in general, but much better than Qdoba and Chipotle, the only other options for Mexican food nearby.The portions are pretty big - a grande quesadilla was almost too much for me to handle, and I was starving.  The sauteed veggies were a nice touch (black beans, onion & I think zucchini) but I would have liked a bit more cheese.  The Mexican rice was very authentic and took me right back to a little restaurant in Buenavista - pink, tasted of chicken stock, studded with peas.  The chips seemed a little stale and the salsa wasn't the greatest, but the entire meal (grande quesadilla with chips & salsa, side of rice, and a soda) was less than $7.Even though it's not great food, it's cheap and a good value.  I would definitely recommend Veracruz over the chain Mexican places.
4	Don't go to Qdoba across the street! Veracruz has decent Mexican food and good prices. Fast service and good quality. Probably the best enchiladas verdes in PGH..... but you can do better at home armed with one of Diana Kennedy or Rick Bayless's cookbooks. If you're in a rush though- this is your best option on that strip.
3	Pretty good veggie burritoI prefer Chipotle because theirs feels larger and watching it being made makes it more appetizing.Nonetheless this tasted good and the lady at the counter was pretty nice.I did a takeout cos the seating did not look particularly welcoming.. high stools and tables.This place has got the food right, but needs to work on quantity and ambience.. and also have a printed menu which clearly marks out the vegetarian items.
3	I was a little skeptic of the pink rice but it's actually pretty good. Actually, everything I've ordered has been really tasty. I have one complaint and that is the tortilla chips they give with your order. Yes, they are complimentary but you get  5 and they are almost always stale. That being said, if you want chips and salsa or guacamole then walk on over to Qdoba or Chipotle,but if you want enchilladas or a stuffed poblano pepper, Veracruz is your place!
3	I first went here about a year ago and had a very unimpressive enchilada - the experience was enough to keep me away until yesterday. Having gotten tired of the tacos at nearby Chipotle, I decided to give Veracruz another chance. I got chicken tacos which were made quickly and came in double corn tortillas with a small bag of delicious tortilla chips. Certainly not the best tacos in town, but passable! I will probably be back for more on a semi regular basis.
4	a great favorite. They give student ID Discounts as well. Probably the best burrito in the burgh until we get a real taco truck.
2	I've been here twice now because sometimes you just want a burrito. However, I can do better myself (and in fact, every time I go by this place I think I should quit my job and open a near-campus taco stand). The chicken tinga burrito was quite good and pretty close to California style. The burrito portions are small enough to finish and not make you too fat, which is a plus I think.Nachos are likewise quite good. Good for sharing, disappear fast.However, this place serves the worst enchiladas I've had in long time. Decent tortillas and shredded chicken filling, but the sauce is canned and they top them with wilted lettuce and cheese that is dry and crumbly like parmesan in a can. Ick.Also, the stools are really uncomfortable, and they serve their sodas in styrofoam cups.
5	Don't; get me wrong, this is not a gourmet restaurant. But it's not supposed to be. If you want some of the cheapest, most delicious Mexican food in Pittsburgh, this is where you want to be. It's an unassuming, unattractive restaurant front on Forbes Ave, but do not let appearances fool you. This is one of the few places left I know of that can give you a delicious, filling meal for under 5 bucks. I've been eating the same thing (grande grilled chicken chili quesadilla) for almost two years now, and I will never get sick of it. They give you an automatic 10% discount if you look like a student, which you can't beat. Plenty of hot sauces to try on your food as well! My absolute favorite place to eat lunch quickly in Oakland.If you don't know what to get, know that the grande grilled chicken chili quesadilla has a very good shot at changing your life.
2	I ate here for the first time today. My impression was that the only reason to go here is that it's dirt-cheap. Other than that, it was completely unremarkable. The food was no better than a fast food chain, and the person at the register seemed very tired, apathetic, and unwelcoming. I don't plan to ever return. If I want a cheap lunch, I'll go to Kiva Han and get the Granola Works, because that at least tastes good and is healthy.
5	I went to Pitt for three years (I transferred in as a sophomore). I think I ate at Veracruz at least twice a week during my sophomore and junior years. I can't say enough about it! I miss the black bean burrito to this day. Cheap prices, huuuge burritos, and you gotta love that 10% Pitt student discount!! Try the guac and chips, also - AMAZING guac. One complaint -- they never give you enough chips, but I went in so often that they'd usually give me a second bag for free without even asking. Love!!
4	Veracruz makes an effort to distinguish itself from the standard big burrito or Tex Mex chains, and these efforts  pay off.Chorizo, barbacoa, and al pastor double wrapped tacos are now on the menu, as well as other authentic Mexican dishes like chilaquiles and sopes. Authentic Mexican food is a rare find in Oakland (let alone Pittsburgh), so these tasty dishes make Veracruz worth a visit. If you're unfamiliar with the aforementioned foods, I suggest you dive in and try them regardless of your personal reservations. Otherwise, Veracruz is simply average in terms of Americanized Mexican fare, such as nachos, quesadillas, and burritos. I actually prefer nearby Chipotle or Qdoba for Ameri-Mex. On a positive note, anything with their earthy, smoky chicken chili is decent, their guacamole is fresh and light, and their homemade red chili and avocado salsas are zesty and tasty.Relatively cheap prices and a student discount is the icing on the cake (or the guac on the nachos, I guess). Service varies highly depending on who's taking your order.
3	Veracruz is the greasy spoon of the Forbes Avenue Mexican restaurants.  The food is surprisingly good, considering the cheap prices.  I recommend the veggie quesodilla!
4	OH!  I could get fat from their chips and salsa!I love going to Veracruz for lunch!  I work in Oakland and have a number of "mexican" restaurants at my disposal (including big chain Chipotle and Qdoba) but will 9 times out of 10 go for the 'Cruz!  It's so much more authentic.  I feel like the chef's only speak Spanish (at least that's how the cashier communicates with them) and there is always some Spanish soap opera or talk show on adding to it's authenticity.  Never usually packed- it's quick and filling.Totally worth a try!-10% off for students (or appearing to be under 22)-Free chips and salsa with my takeout order everytime-Cheap and deliciousLoves it...
3	I like the small business owner feel to the restaurant as it creates a more personal experience. The prices are very fair (especially for students who receive an additional discount with their student ID) and Veracruz offers a more extensive menu than the chain restaurants which surround Veracruz do. I also love the fact that Veracruz serves Horchata as there are not to many locations in Pittsburgh which offer the delectable rice and cinnamon based drink.
2	I was hoping by the look of this place that it would be more authentic, but I was disappointed.  I got the chicken chili burrito and it was fine but not great and nothing particularly interesting about it.  It definitely did not taste authentic and there were no choices about what toppings or salsas to put in it.  I ordered a side of guac that was super tiny and it seemed fresh but had no flavor at all to it.  My 2 friends ordered a veggie burrito and a fish burrito, respectively but they switched them up and gave them the wrong orders.  Unfortunately my vegetarian friend didn't realize the mistake until he was several bites into the fish burrito and he was really upset after eating it and felt ill since he hasn't eaten meat in over 10 years.  Also the burritos are much smaller than what you get at Chipotle or Qdoba, even for their larger "grande" size and the prices are similar.  Also the tables were not very comfortable, there wasn't much seating, and the temperature inside was pretty cold on a Winter day.
2	Food was pretty terrible honestly.  I hate to say it because I love hardworking immigrants, but the food and restaurant decor were really bad.  The place even smelled funny.
4	I moved away from Pittsburgh 4 years ago and still miss this place. Not the most authentic food ever, but I think it's great! Quick, easy, and conveniently located.
