3	it's like most other "family" restaurants that aren't chains. their menu is almost too big. they've got everything from spaghetti to eggs to butt steak. and they can't seem to spell omelet consistently.i've only had breakfast items; usually two eggs scrambled with a slice of american and a bagel. their hashed brown potatoes are really just smashed up spuds, so if you're looking for the shredded kind, you'll be disappointed.they're always refilling your water or coffee, and the food comes out quickly even when the place is packed.meat-eating companion would like me to point out that their biscuits and gravy "suck". they use a chicken based gravy with bits of sausage over some toasted floury things that barely pass as biscuits.but, they're cheap! which is why their regulars are in the retirement zone.
1	Horrible. Sad, tired, low-end joint with food that is just not good. No redeeming characteristics. I'll never go back.
3	Perfectly ok restaurant in the breakfast-specialty mode. My kid has tried several of the soups--they look really good and truly home made. Can't miss taking the old folks there. They will love the endless cups of coffee and great service. Nice people.
3	So, this is about what you'd expect when you think of a greasy-spoon diner: Nothing fancy. Nothing gourmet. Just basic, simple food. Skillets. Sandwiches. Meatloaf. Quick service. Lots of retirees. Always packed.
3	Perfectly good all-American diner-type breakfast offerings (sadly, no oatmeal!).  No surprises,  coffee served immediately and always refilled before you run out.  Popular with the old-folks for sure.Not the kind of place I would pick for lunch or dinner.
1	What did I just eat?I'm not 100 percent sure.  I've been all over America and I've had sausage gravy over biscuits just about everywhere.  I've been down South and had amazing sausage gravy.  I had really, really good sausage gravy at a Motel 6 in Custer, South Dakota (no lie!).  I've had passable sausage gravy and biscuits all over this great land of ours...but what I just ate at the Dairyland Family Restaurant comes nowhere close to being sausage gravy and biscuits.The gravy itself was passable as gravy.  Lifeless and sad, but gravy.  The biscuit chunks in the gravy was where things start to go awry.  They were all uniform in size and shape (warning!) and they tasted not like sausage, but more like something that was killed out behind the dumpster last night.  Maybe it was raccoon sausage.  The biscuits themselves are where the whole train truly derails.  They actually served that slop over freakin' Pillsbury, out-of-the-can, cook 'em yourself at home biscuits!  That, my friends, is unforgivable.  If I want that crap, I'll stay home and cook it myself.On the plus side, the service was good.  The eggs were fine.  And the Pepsi I drank was sweet and perfectly carbonated.  The decor of the place looked straight out of 1985 and desperately needs some updating.  The price would be reasonable--if they had given me decent food.  At the price I paid for what they gave me, I feel a tad overcharged.I'm not going back.  Madison is a big town.  You can do much, much better.
1	Bad service and even worse "food."  I'll never go back while in the area.  I'd rather eat McDonald's or at some other fast food place - they offer about the same number of "healthy" options. They get 1 star because of all the adorable old people there.  Other than a hospital/old folks' home - I've never seen so many walkers and oxygen tanks in one place!
4	If Dairyland was in Williamsburg, Silverlake or Logan Square, it would get five stars hands down.  This is a sincere old folks place on the East Side of Madison.  I thought the service was perfect.  My club sandwich seemed like it came from the Park Hyatt in Tokyo.  I had no complaints.
4	This place charms the hell out of me. It's friendly with a familiar old folksy decor. The problem may be that other reviewers don't know a whole lot of stuff about stuff. What I know is that the food is good with big portions, the place is always clean (this aint really a greasy spoon my folks) and the service is EXCELLENT and friendly. Only downside is they aren't open later.
4	Very solid greasy spoon fair. I've been twice for breakfast (in the afternoon) and have come away completely satisfied each time. Service was excellent and you can't beat the prices. The ambiance is grand-folk friendly and if you don't have a problem with that, you'll be good to go.
5	Very good family diner,  food is very tasty and you get plenty. Not pricy, a very friendly host. All the staff is great, I have been going their off and on for years!This really is a good solid diner, if there is a problem just tell them and they will take care of it. I have eaten here over a hundred times in the last 10 years. I consider myself a fussy eater and this is a great diner!
2	Ok, so Dairyland gets a really bad rap. I get it, it is small, simple, nothing special.  The service is good.  The food is decent. However, the place is not awful.  It is just your local breakfast place with food options under $10.  I had the ham and cheese omelette. Was it great?  No. It was a plain ham and cheese omelette. This restaurant reminds me of cute little hole in the wall breakfast places.  It is very family friendly. They always have ample parking and can accommodate large groups.  Unfortunately, it just can not compete with some of its neighboring restaurants.
