3	Didn't love it but didn't hate it. This place could be better. 6.95 for a wrap is just fair for what you get. The portion was decent and it came with a side of pasta salad. I took it to go and I didn't have to wait long for the food.Honestly I had higher expectations of the flavor from how tasty the menu is described - but my Tuscan was somewhat bland. The tortilla was flavorful but the stuff inside was just okay. . It needed a little something. The place has some potential though. Even though it is small, they had plenty of tables and a very inviting atmosphere. The staff was very friendly and helpful also.Overall, it is not a place to get excited over but maybe one to watch to see if they find that "something" to make me keep coming back for more.
5	I just ate at All Wrapped Up!  Wow! it was GREAT. The price was right. They give you a large wrap, cut in half. I took half home for dinner.I had the Tuscan, which was full of fresh vegetables and meat. I could taste everything in each bite. The sauce enhanced and did not overwhelm.  The tortilla that wrapped everything together was delicious on it's own.My husband had a cobb salad.  It was picture perfect!  The ingredients were all fresh and filling.  I love how the bowl was a flavorful tortilla.This quaint little cafe is full of warmth.  Beautiful art work adorns the walls. The staff is very friendly.I will definitely go back and probably try everything at least once.It is small, I don't want to tell too many people about it, I want to be sure to get a seat each time.Oh, I forgot, they do have orders to-go.5 stars.
3	I've eaten here one time, and I enjoyed a very decent meal.  I'm not really sure if I'll go back though, and I'll tell you why.  The place kind of gave me a strange vibe:-It didn't *feel* like a restaurant, it almost felt like a business that had turned into a restaurant.-The take-out menu/brochure was worded pretty peculiarly in places.-This one's hard to explain, but I sort of sensed some very subtle yet unsettling religious undertones throughout the whole experience.Had the China wrap.  It was kinda good, even if it did taste like homemade American teriyaki.  In a spinach tortilla.  With a side of yogurt.  --*sigh* Do you see what I mean?  A funny vibe.  I can't quite shake it.  Maybe I'll give it one more chance.
4	so this place is rather odd inside, a mix between classy and casual, with eclectic artwork all over the walls for local artists...it feels somewhat mediterranian but then the 4 dog self-portraits hanging on the walls kind of throws me off. meh.like ameerah said before me, lots of business/hospital people in here but i was in my work garb so i felt somewhat normal. luckily i had an hour lunch because even though the place was maybe a quarter full it took about 15 minutes to get my wrap. but it was damn good.i went with the china wrap, terryaki chicken, water chestnuts, cabbage, and rice in a spinach ORGANIC (!!!!) tortilla and a side of chips. i almost went with a breakfast wrap (southwestern sounded delish) because they're awesome and served ALL DAY, but i'm a hardxcore chinese fan so i opted for the china one. on the menu it said it was served hot, and they weren't joking either. mine was steaming hot, and after waiting for 15 minutes i had no choice but to dive in and burn off half my taste buds. it was totally worth it. big wraps and very filling. i could only eat half. the lady up front was very kind and took good care of me. i'll definitely be back to try out some more of their wraps, and maybe just order ahead next time. great healthy, sandwich option addition to the central phoenix area, but with the same downfall as many others - it closes early, at 3pm, and it's not open on sundays.
5	Love this place.  Just had lunch there for the first time today and if you are looking for a fresh variety of wraps, then this is your place.  I had the All American wrap which had turkey, ham, different cheeses, avocado and a delicious dressing.  I wanted the Thanksgiving wrap but didn't have time for the required nap after eating.  I highly recommend this place, very nice owners who aim to please.  Affordable and nice atmosphere inside.
2	Okay, so I was on my lunch break and wanted to pick up two sandwiches to take home for my boyfriend and me to eat.  The people were very sweet and the decor was cute..... I ordered one veggie and cheese sub and one club sub! but the taste was NOT THERE! It was DRENCHED in MAYO and by the time i got it back to my house which was very close, it was soggy form all the mayo.  Could not even eat it. blah....... I hate to judge things off just one time but would not go back again. left a bad tast in my mouth.
2	I read the good reviews and a friend said it was good so I thought I would give it a try. I really liked the Thanksgiving Turkey wrap, it reminded of the traditional turkey feast. However, the warm spinach salad was not what I expected- first of all it there was not much spinach, it was mostly bacon, which isn't a bad thing but I expected to be more like a "condiment". For the $7.50, the salad was way too small and just didn't taste like a traditional "warm spinach salad". Also, the mandarin oranges didn't really fit in this salad. Overall I probably wouldn't do back. Nothing special.
4	We had seen this place when we ate at 5th Avenue cafe (not that great, btw) a couple weeks ago & decided to try it out.The woman at the register was very helpful in our decision making. I believe she was the owner, very sweet! The art/decor is cool, not what I expected. I liked the high tables & chairs as well.I got the tuna wrap & my hubby got a chicken & veggie wrap. I opted for the side of chips & he got the cup of fruit. My wrap was very yummy, only complaint is that the juices would run out when I got near the end but nothing a little napkin wipe can't fix. My hubby said his wrap was very fresh & healthy. I did have a bite of his fruit & I could tell it was fresh, very tasty.SInce we both got cold wraps I am curious to try a hot wrap. Needless to say we will more than likely come back for lunch.
5	This place is 12 miles away from my house. My boyfriend and I make it a point to go once a week. The wraps are AMAZING! And, fresh! And, you don't feel like lard after eating one. Doesn't drain you and/or make you crave a nap. I get the Farmers Market Wrap which is vegetarian and is sooooooooo good. My mouth is watering right now. And, my boyfriend gets the Laguna Tuna. He loves it!
5	I had lunch here today and had the Baja Chicken wrap with fruit. It was awesome...so fresh and delicious. The place is very quaint and displays beautiful artwork. I mentioned the www yelp on their receipt and asked how many "stars" on yelp.com did they have, they have 4. With that information, I have to give them a  star rating to move their average up! Thank you
4	i parked in back and went through the back door which takes you right through the kitchen. a man in back greeted me and escorted me though the kitchen to the counter where a woman greeted me promptly. i orgered the farmer's market wrap with pasta salad and just as i went to pay, spotted a tray of giant chocolate chip cookies looking lonely behind the woman. so i added one of those too. i started eating the cookie while i waited for my lunch. woah, delicious. soft and fresh and loaded with chocolate chunks. i took my lunch to go and brought it back to work. the wrap was loaded with fresh veggies and a yummy sauce of unknown origin. it was a decent size and being that i had just devoured a cookie nearly the sze of my head, i saved the other half for later. it sat on my desk for a couple of hours and when i bit into the second half, it was surprisingly better than the first. i guess the flavors had time to marinate. since i work so close to here, i'll be back. i want to try to the hot vegetarian sandwich. and another cookie. who am i kidding?
3	Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a whirl. Interesting little place. The decor is all kinda mis-matched which I like. The food is okay - not amazing but does the trick for a quick work lunch. Nothing I'd drive out of my way for or crave on a weekend but good, fresh food. It tastes like something mom would make at home - nothing fancy but simple good wraps and salads.
3	i went back and had a lack-luster experience. kind of boring. and i had to wait a REALLY long time for a cold veggie sandwich. i finally asked the guys in the kitchen what was up and he just held it up in the air as if to say - it's ready now! but clearly it had been sitting around for-ev-er. serisouly, at least 25 minutes. no beuno.
4	The best wraps in town, especially the "Sonoran."  They're made to order (chicken grilled at the time, for example), so allow extra time.  Very friendly people, and attractive settings.
3	This place is ok. I wish they had a menu online or a website. I think I'll attempt to put a menu on there when Im done with this review. I have recently begun enjoying a wrap here and there and noticed this place and felt like trying it. Im currently eating the Thankgiving Turkey Wrap and its pretty good. A little too much cheese, wish it was a little hotter/meltier but overall, decent wrap. Ill definitely try something new next time, which means ill be returning. The art on the walls intrigued me, apparently there a woman who commissions pet portraits for around $200, I asked if they had more of her cards, because the card holder was empty, and the woman at the desk showed me her website and said she would be back in a few days with more cards. Exceptional place, i will be recommending it.
4	On my first visit, the delicious Mediterranean wrap outweighed my disappointment that they were out of the Sonoran. The ingredients taste fresh and the wrap is well made - it doesn't fall apart like wraps I've had at other places. Service was very courteous but slow - it took quite a while to take my order (even though only one person was in front of me) and then a while to make the wrap. Also on the down side, the wrap seems small for roughly $7. Granted, it comes with a side, but the fruit cup was also small. (The place offers several side options.) Also, selection of wraps is not as rich or interesting as It's a Wrap, but unfortunately that place moved up to Camelback from it's 7th St. location some time ago, so isn't quite as close for me. I hope All Wrapped Up does well here - there really aren't enough lunch spots in the area.
5	Delicious and fresh. Good portions, great selection, and low prices. Across from the hospital.
4	Yummy fresh alternative ---- tasty ----- the sweet potato fries are worth the add-on
4	Very good
5	What a great place. Fresh and healthy food and a wonderful atmosphere. I have eaten there 4 times in the last month and each thing i get is awesome. I hear they are adding new items all the time and always open for suggestions. Come on, help a small business out!
4	Excellent food and service. I had the Mediterranean wrap. It was definitely worth a second try, but there are a lot of items on the menu I'm going to have to check out.
5	Awesome food, great atmosphere, and, friendly service! I will definitely come back.  The wraps are excellent!
