1	Dude, this place is beyond bad.  It replaced another sushi place called Katana Sushi that wasn't open long enough for us to try it.  We dropped in for lunch the other day and had the place to ourselves, literally. My wife ordered a very simple roll with tuna, cream cheese and cucumber and I ordered what I thought was beef fried rice (primarily because nothing else on the menu looked appetizing).  Her roll came out resembling nothing akin to tuna and after one bite she refused to touch it saying it tasted "off".  My "beef fried rice" reminded me of something my mom would have tried to pass off to me as "chinese food" when I was 10.  It was like rice and odd beef chunks stewed in ketchup and soy sauce.  I'm serious.  Oh, and a bug crawled out of my salad.  A few days ago I passed a guy standing on Cave Creek Rd NORTH of Tatum holding a sign that simply read "Ari Sushi", no arrow, no address.  He was holding it up for drivers that were a block past his restaurant already.  Not sure what institution these folks escaped from but I'd steer clear.
5	Ethan- I beg to differ. This place is AMAZING! I have never had sushi before, and was really hesitant about trying it. We sat at the bar and ordered "The Godfather" (not on the menu, just ask the cooks), it was truly amazing! Also the Garlic Tuna was even better! This place has completely changed my perspective on sushi, I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone!
4	Ethan, If you cannot find anything appetizing on this menu than you don't like Japanese food. To order fried rice and say the food is no good is missing the point of this place. The raw fish is fantastic. My wife and I ordered the Chirashi, a bowl of rice topped with numerous types of raw fresh fish and pickled vegetables. Yummy!!!  miso soup and cucumber salad all first rate. On the daily menu were 4 types of live fish. Can't wait to go back. Cave Creek is not the place to look for Japanese food until now, so I hope they can make a go of it.
3	Went for lunch last weekend...the philly roll and tuna roll were good but not great....server didn't talk much...cooks were very good...OK but will try other sushi places next time I'm in PHX
4	I've eaten at Ari three times now and I'm a fan. I ate often at its predecessor, Katana Sushi, but always found the fare there too hot for my liking. Ari doesn't have that problem at all.It's not the best sushi in the Valley (I think Tokyo Lobby has that distinction) but it is nearest to me and the variety is both astounding and dizzying. We're slowly working our way through the 50 states menu and hope that it stays in business long enough for us to accomplish that.My one big complaint is that the miso soup is below average. Usually miso is a good bellwether for us when judging a Japanese restaurant, but I guess we can't rely solely on that any longer.
4	We ate at Ari Sushi recently. I see that friendly-looking fellow at Tatum and Cave Creek Rd. a lot and wanted to patronize his place. It's in a strip mall and has a neighborhood kind of vibe. The service was good, clean and casual dining area. The fish seemed very fresh and the maki was delightful with good (not mushy) rice. Prices were very reasonable. This is at least as good as Toyama and closer to home! I really can't fault them. We'll definitely return!
5	This is definitely one of the best sushi places in town.  The food is great and the price is very reasonable.  The owner tries very hard to please customers. It is a small place, family environment.  But you have friendly waitresses and friend owner.  Worth a try.
4	In spite of mixed reviews we decided to give Ari a try.  Was at the corner of Tatum and Cave Creek when the famous fellow wearing the "Ari loves you" sign went walking across.   Made me laugh.Anyway when in and - not to be mean, but - this is not a place you want to take people to impress then.  It's pretty basic strip mall ... Seemed like an old pizza place based on the tile.However, what a selection of sushi rolls.  One for each of the 50 states.. Plus the basics and special rolls!Ordered 4 rolls and some sashimi and edamame.  With the exception of the edamame being kinda overcooked, everything was awesome!  Fresh, creative and tasty.  We'll be back again, and would bring friends as long as we managed their expectations... A humble restaurant with great food.They had beer... Unsure ofnother alcohol... Didn't look.  Good news... The beer was appropriately cold.
5	I can't believe how good the food was here! I'm a "new yorker" and yet had never had raw fresh wasabe like they used here for the special sashimi we ordered, including delicious Toro and amazing Hamachi. My wife is half Japanese as well and she was impressed. Went with 6 and the service was slow, but so well worth the wait!
5	After eating there at least monthly for the last year, Tokyo Lobby is a distant memory. We have a new item every time we order and we've still barely made a dent in the impressive menu!The place isn't fancy, but who cares? It is clear that it's a family business who has no aspirations to becoming a nationwide chain. And that's fine by me.The waitress is very friendly: greeting me by name when I walk through the door, remembering my orders (even when I forgot to get my usual garlic tuna roll), and giving me small treats as I wait for my takeout. The owners are similarly pleasant, so i imagine that it's part of their customer service culture.I recommend Ari Sushi to everyone I know that lives near the area and they all have loved it as well. The place has gotten busier, which results in longer wait times at the peak. But it's the price you have to pay to make sure that it stays in business.
5	Their salmon sashimi and the CAVE CREEK roll are amazing!It is family owned so the service is a little slow when they are busy but it is worth the wait!
4	Been back twice more, and feel exactly the same way as the first time. I still wish it was more upscale...
1	Below average.  Went in for lunch.  I ordered the sashimi salad.  It was a few pieces of sashimi slapped on a bed of romaine lettuce (the kind that you get in a bag at the grocery store) and drizzled in some spicy sauce.  Totally uninspired.  Then I ordered the salmon eggs and mackerel sushi.  The salmon eggs were OK but the mackerel was awful.  How can a place like this stay in business?  I'm never coming back.
5	I love Ari! Their Cave Creek roll and salmon sashimi are delicious!!Nice mom and pop establishment in the neighborhood!
4	Upon first arriving, I was a little discouraged because their hours were clearly posted but they weren't open.  After creepin' through the windows someone caught my attention and as I started to walk away they opened and invited us in.The crab stuffed mushrooms were a great start for an appetizer and wow was the shrimp tempura roll.  It's served with a tempura sauce that when combined with a little bit of wasabi and soy seemed to taste like a pretty damn good combination.The green tea was legit... Very green.
5	I think they're awesome!  I love the traditional, intimate atmosphere of this restaurant compared to those new, quasi-sports/sushi places.  They usually have coupons in redplum.  I wish I saw the Ari Sushi guy on the road with the "Ari Sushi loves you" sign.  I miss you Ari Sushi guy...
4	You get the feeling its a family run business so you kinda root for them to make it and they HAVE outlasted Ten Sushi which was super upscale and whatever the Electric Eel was before. Yes, the owner is that weird guy who twirls the sign on the wrong corner! LOL. Its not fancy. The service is friendly but not great. The food on the 2 occassions we have been there HAS been great! Pleasantly surprised!
4	Cave Creek's hidden gem. I love this place. Its very affordable and has great, fresh sushi. It's doesn't have all the flair the Electric Eel has (and Electric Eel is more expensive and in my opinion not as good) but it has better food. My only concern is that it always looks closed which may discourage potential customers from going. It's also in a small shopping center and very discreet. I was also impressed at how clean the place it is. My husband noticed the Sushi chefs washing their hands after preparing each roll. In this day and age that's impressive.You gotta check this place out!
2	I went to this restaurant for dinner, not expecting a whole lot from reading the reviews. The sushi was pricey than I thought and the taste was just OK. The Salmon sushi was lined up with lemon slices for decoration and that made it taste bitter, only one sushi plate contained wasabi and gari (did they forget to add it to the other sushi plates, strange). The noodles were strange tasting the chicken was 1/4 that in a MD sandwich, the kids didn't eat (Might have to swing by Panda Express). The server seemed allright but the wait was long with very few customers.
5	Just about the best sushi in north Phoenix. Staff is always prompt and friendly, atmosphere is warm and inviting an best of all the sushi is great. Never had a bad dinner or lunch here. Highly recommended.
2	The food here is REALLY GOOD!  I highly recommend the Spicy Ramen!  Sushi is very clean and served in ample portions, probably a little more than elsewhere.The only reason I gave them 2 stars and not more is because of the heinously S-L-O-W Service.  Time to be seated, time to get drinks, time to place food order, time to get food, and time to get check - all waaaay too long.  A quick bite to eat takes all night.  Great if you want to kick back and suck down some sake while you chill, but not if you wanted to get home and get to bed on time.I'm not sure what the time delay is - they seem adequately staffed.  You'd think they could make more money by getting customers in and out faster.
4	Fresh and delish! A non-pretentios, casual, mom-and-pop shop, with prices to match, make this a place a gem. The prices are great for sushi and the fish is fresh, not to mention they offer fresh wasabi, and I recommend treating yourself to it. I agree the service can be painfully slow, so if we are in a hurry we order take-away. But even though the atmosphere is casual we don't mind lingering when we choose to eat in. I love supporting local eateries and this place deserves it.
4	Service good  3 (-_- could be better. But sushi was the best so far in Arizona. 5 (-_-)...very tasty and the portions size was worth the price.
4	I go to Ari Sushi whenever I can. Good rolls, great price for the area (so close to scottsdale..) I just love pretty much everything about the atmosphere and feel of the place too. Nice for people who want a feel of a family sushi place. They actually place Japanese music too.
4	Like it!
2	The sushi is good.  It is fresh.  The sushi chef's seemed unprofessional and quite novice.  The fish is tasty, but the rolls are not tight enough and fall apart miserably.  All that aside, I would have given this a 4 star rating.  HOWEVER, they have a TV that 8 out of the 10 times I have visited there they are playing classics such as, "Backyard Brawls" and other extremely violent shows notwithstanding there was NCAA basketball going on at the time.  What is worse, the sushi chefs will watch the show while working and laugh outloud. Don't get me wrong, I actually find some entertainment in the "backyard brawls". But there were young children who I saw watching with complete mortification and terror what was unfolding in past their tasty looking bento boxes on the television. It's really, really inappropriate.Notwithstanding, the food is good. The service is extremely slow, but friendly. I will give this place one more chance, but if they are playing Jerry Springer or cage fighting best moments, I am out.
4	My wife and I have tried many sushi restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and have had some very good and not so good sushi. Ari Sushi is in our opinion one of the better restaurants we've eaten at. The food is good and always consistent and the prices reasonable. I read comments about slow service but if everyone would just relax and enjoy they would realize the service isn't slow at all but just right. Its to bad so many want to order and eat as fast as they can and be gone miss the relaxation of eating sushi at a place like Ari.
4	This is the fourth sushi ace we've tried since moving to town and I think the search is over!  We ordered 6 rolls and loved 5 of them and the sixth wasn't bad :).
5	One of the best sushi restaurants anywhere!  Worth a trip from all around the valley.
1	I live right around the corner from Ari Sushi and have watched Ari with his sign on the corner for a few years now - we finally decided to give it a shot on an evening when we were without the kids. Our first visit was a solid 3 stars - food was very good, fresh, flavorful. But the service. Wow. The service was really, really SLOW.  On this particular night, we were pretty relaxed so it wasn't a huge deal.Despite the very slow service on our first visit, the food was so good (and close to home) that we decided to give it another try with kids in tow. I figured since it was right around 5pm, we should beat the dinner rush and be in and out pretty quick. It was the first day of school, so it had been a long day already. Thinking maybe the first time was a fluke...Our second experience could be one of the worst restaurant experiences I have had in my lifetime (no exaggeration!)  We ordered 2 rolls, miso soup, and 2 teriyaki chicken bento boxes for the kids. We arrived at 5pm, by 6pm we had been delivered the two rolls but no bento boxes. We asked the waiter, "are the bento boxes coming?" Waiter: blank stare, "Um, yeah, let me check on that for you." Returns 10 minutes later and states that our bento boxes were given to another table (I believe this was untrue and he simply forgot to place the order). Ok, it's now 6:15 and one of the kids starts to get really upset because she is quite hungry. Waiter states that they just need to grill the chicken and it will be maybe 5-10 minutes. 15 minutes pass, waiter comes back and states that the kitchen is backed up and it should be out in "5 minutes". Waiter states that he will talk to the manager about crediting us for the bento boxes.Fifteen minutes pass again, so it is now 6:45 and I've been lied to repeatedly about the time to wait for the kids' food for the past 45 minutes. By 7pm, we get the bento boxes to go because the kids are total basketcases and we can't sit there any longer. At the end of this heinously awful experience, we were presented with a $70 check (no credit for the bento boxes as suggested earlier) and a coupon for $10 off our next $30 purchase. The best part is that the bento boxes that we waited an hour for (after we told them they were missing) were PITIFUL! There were like 7 bite size pieces of grilled chicken in teriyaki sauce - something that could NOT have taken more than 5 minutes to cook on a grill. Talk about rubbing salt in the wound. You can see a photo of the infamous bento box in the photos here.$70 to get lied to for two hours, ruin the first day of school, and end up with a crappy dinner to take home. Wow, thanks Ari. Way to take care of the locals.Frankly, had they just owned up to the problem with a sincere apology and - at minimum - a partial bill credit,  I wouldn't have written this review. Being repeatedly strung along with "it'll just be 5 more minutes" claims for an hour was utterly unacceptable.
4	When I first looked at the menu, there are all "Krab" with the "K". I was a little worried about the quality of the sushi. But then I was impressed with the presentation, the generous portion and at last the deliciousness. We ordered 5 rolls: Montana, north Carolina, Oregon, Washington and Cave Creek roll. They are all very good. We went there early on Saturday at about 6:00pm to avoid the crowd.  The service was good. The waiter was handsome:). I am coming back for more.
5	I would highly recommend Ari's,  great sushi!  We eat  at the Cave Creek location several times a month and always are very pleased with the meal and the service.  Yesterday they had a sushi tasting party, and put out a beautiful display of new rolls.  It was a lot of fun and alot of new rolls will be added to their menu shortly. The Japanese Lasagana was to die for, still thinking about it along with a grip of other new rolls.
4	Really great sushi, friendly staff and nice cold beer.  The television is always playing something innapropriate for the place, and loudly which is a big distraction to the guests. It is terribly expensive and the atmosphere is very plain.  Still, the food and service is very good and this is the only good sushi place in the area.
5	After driving by this place numerous times, hubby and I decided to try it. It is a jewel of a sushi bar, unpretentious, and good sushi. We loved the toro, kiss my ass, finding nemo, cave creek, and fresh, raw wasabi. The place was packed (Friday night). Didn't have to wait long and the service was good. I love the fact that it is a neighborhood place, and it usually doesn't look open. I'm glad I went in.
4	Had a great meal here last night. No issues with slow service, although we were there for a fairly late dinner. Service was good and the food was yummy. We had the mixed tempura app, one other delicious one I can't remember, the Volcano, Mexican, and Vegas rolls plus the Deluxe Sashimi. Quality of the sashimi was good and I really liked the rolls. Who doesn't like cream cheese in their rolls? It seems to me like they were aware of prior reviews commenting on service. At one point we were double teamed by two waiters who could've communicated with each other a little better so we didn't have to answer the same question twice, but no biggie, they were just trying to make sure we were taken care of. My only complaint would be that the rolls were really big- definitely a two biter. It made the volcano a little difficult to eat, but delicious nonetheless. If we're up that way again, I'd definitely return.
5	ANY place that has my name in it's name is awesome.We've been hearing about this place for months.  Reading the Yelp reviews and seeing the sheer volume of positive reviews was making me doubt the just how accurate it could be. Well, we finally had the opportunity to visit tonight.I had reservations, fortunately.  For a Wednesday night, there were already people lined up to get a seat.  We got seated right away.Yes.. get reservations!I'm not going to be verbose and echo what others have said here.  But, this is not a stretch to say this is the finest sushi in Happy Valley.   The other preparers are good, but.. its noticeably less than the food prepared by the owner's hand.Let's just say sitting at a table here  is like sitting a the owner's sushi bar.  Its.. amazing.  Just absolutely amazing! We tried some staples:  tuna, salmon, yellowtail. All fresh and prepared beautifully.  My seeing eye dog got the chirashi deluxe bowl and we could only STARE at its beauty awhile before digging in!I realize a great metric to judge the freshness of fish and the skill of the preparer is to try Uni (Sea Urchin).  I've had numerous bad experiences trying Uni in the past, though I was talked into trying a piece of Uni sashimi tonight.  Oh my GOD!  Its texture, subtle flavor and freshness was wholly unexpected.  I would say this is a MUST try for anyone visiting.  It really lauds the quality of fish here!We tried a shiso-plum roll.  Delicious!Already wrote more than I intended, but I'm going to close and say that the overwhelming positive reviews on Yelp are not exaggerations or "hive mind" agreement.  This is as GOOD as it gets!
5	I love going to Ari Sushi! They have great service, everyone is very friendly and the food is fantastic!  Ari is more of a local neighborhood sushi bar which is part of why it is so great! Try it out sometime!  I highly suggest the hot night roll, the kiss my ass roll and monkey brains...yum!
4	This is a fave local place of ours.  Sit at the counter and get faster service.  We love the deep fried calamari; it is light and airy, not greasy at all.  Another appetizer is the Gyoza which my husband devours.  We typically order the Chef Special and find that excellent.  The fish is always fresh.  The staff is very pleasant.  Don't go Sunday, they are closed.
3	Like some others have said, unless you have all night to spend, don't go here. The service is quite slow. The food, on the other hand, was pretty good. I would have given them 4 stars were it not for the slow as molasses service. I wish restaurants would read these reviews so that they could improve themselves and make the customer experience better.
5	This place is one of the best local "Tatum Ranch area" restaurants. Of course, it is also a personal favorite of mine - sushi!  Everything is always fresh.  They change the menu around every so often to mix it up.  Service is good given the high demand; this is one of those places that can't staff for the 2 hour rush followed by deads-ville but I have found that we always have our drinks within 3 to 5 minutes after sitting down - perfectly acceptable.  Is this place to go for a quick sushi bite? No.  Go to Electric Eel down the street where they have a tiny sushi bar and can cater to you quickly in-and-out, but go to Ari's to dine.We always get a sake bomber (beer + sake) but I am not sure if it is a full bar.  Anything done in the "back restaurant" always takes additional time so if you order tempura "anything" be prepared to wait; I've never been to a sushi place that I did not wait for tempura.And THAT is why I give it 5 stars.
3	We tend to eat later, especially with it being hot.  The parking lot of Ari Sushi looked deserted, but then a couple walked in ahead of us and when we followed them in, there was a table of four finishing up their meal.People have commented on it not being "upscale".  Really?  I have eaten some poor excuses for sushi in some fancy-schmany places.  My old sushi hangout in Ohio was all bright lights and formica and Fox News on the tv hanging off the wall.  Hey---I'm there for the fish.  But I thought it was very homey and comfortable and actually might have been a little better lit.The server was at our table promptly with menus and glasses of ice water with wedges of lemon.  (I like we got lemon without asking---nice.)  I had a little trouble with the menu  just because I was used to "midwest sushi".  (Who knew it was regional?  Where's my Firecracker Roll?)  But when I explained to the waitress that this was our first time at Ari and we weren't familiar with their menu, she was very helpful.DH doesn't eat sushi.  Well, he does, but it's off my plate.  Apparently that doesn't count as "eating" it.  Anyhow, we started off with the Veggie Tempura.  Really good.  Nice, light batter, not greasy.  Sweet potatoes, zucchini, broccoli....  DH ordered the Chicken Katsu and I ordered the "Holly Molly", (pronounced Holey Moley), which our server warned me was "very spicy".  I also ordered a spicy tuna handroll---I LOVE spicy tuna!DH really enjoyed his Chicken Katsu---he found it, like the tempura, to be perfectly battered, cooked, and seasoned, and the chicken was of very good quality.  My Holly Molly was quite good---a generous portion, nice ratio of fish to rice, held together well...it lacked refinement.  Presentation and appearance wasn't as elegant and artistic as most sushi I have had.  I think our young sushi chef has learned his handicraft at the prep table and doesn't have any formal training.  But quite good.  The sauce WAS spicy---delish.  DH kept stealing it for his Chicken Katsu!  The tuna roll---meh.  The tuna had been chopped to mush---I like mine to be more toothsome.  In fact, it was so mushy it was not to my taste.  I wouldn't have done it, but DH signaled to our server and told her that I didn't like it and to please take it off the bill.  She agreed cheerfully and suggested next time, I order the spicy tuna handroll and ask that it be "chunky", so I will try that and see if I like the texture better.  A couple of things.  At my old sushi place---for an additional 3.95, you could add on a bowl of miso soup and a little salad with ginger dressing, which I always enjoyed.  Ari either doesn't offer that (at least not on the menu) and server didn't offer.  Also, I ordered hot tea and it had the oddest flavor.  It tasted like sushi rice.  Like they used the hot water from the steamer.  It wasn't bad---I had two cups---but it was odd.  Oh, and no problem---they brought silverware for my husband to use with his entree without his asking.  We'll try some other sushi places---they seem to be on every corner around here, but for close proximity to our house, good sushi and nice service in a pleasant atmosphere---I thought Ari was great.  Oh, my gosh!  I almost forgot!  When the server brought us the bill, she also brought us this artuflly carved orange.  It was the best, most juicy orrange EVER!  Fabulous finish to the meal.  We asked the server if it was naturally juicy and sweet like that and she twinkled a smile at us and said no, secret recipe.  I want that recipe!  I could eat those slices of orange all day long!
4	I first reviewed Ari Sushi a year ago and definitely did not have a good experience. Since I hate giving 1 star reviews, and love supporting local businesses, I recently revisited Ari Sushi on three separate occasions in order to try and update my original review.  On the service: On all 3 recent occasions, the service was incredibly fast and efficient. On my last visit, our waiter was super friendly and offered suggestions on sushi and rolls,  was constantly checking on us, and the food arrived very quickly. There weren't that many people in the restaurant on any of our visits, so I'm not sure how a "busy night" affects the service levels there now. All of our visits were in the summer, so I'm sure it's much slower than it usually is in the fall/winter.On the food: As I indicated in my first review, the food was great and is still great! I find the sushi, rolls, and bowls to be flavorful, fresh, and consistently good on all 3 recent visits. The rolls are as good as the best sushi places I've been to anywhere. The atmosphere is just a casual, strip mall type of environment... so it's a pleasant surprise to have such a great meal there. It's a good spot for a casual family meal, or happy hour with friends in a laid back atmosphere. I actually think they could "spice" up the music a bit to make the place a little hipper feeling to emulate some of the environmental influences in Scottsdale sushi joints :-) Music makes everything taste better and keeps people relaxed!Happy to see that Ari Sushi seems to have really improved its efficiency and service. Better service, combined with a great product makes this place is definitely worthy of a visit! Clearly, this is a great example of how the owners obviously have been reading the reviews and using them to improve service levels. That's what Yelp is all about! :-)
4	I used to live in the area and order from here often. I love the menu and while it can be a little slow to get your food sometimes the atmosphere is great and staff and chefs are very friendly. The cuts are great and fresh, rolls are neat and beautiful. Everything I've ordered from here has been delicious. Worth stopping in if you love sushi!
1	I had some time to kill with my daughter until I had to pick up my son from basketball practice.  It was around dinner time so we thought we would give this place a try.  After putting in a long day at work, I was pretty exhausted, getting out of making dinner sounded pretty good to me at the time.  We walked in and it seemed pretty cute.  Nothing fancy, but I didn't need fancy.  The waitress who greeted us was emotionless at best, no smile, no enthusiasm and didn't really seem to care if we were there or not.  We ordered a sushi roll for me and a teriyaki kid's meal for my daughter.  The emotionless waitress took our order and left.  When she came back to take the order of another couple that wandered in and sat next to us, I asked to add an additional kid's meal to go.  So I could have dinner for my son when I picked him up and didn't have to stop somewhere else.  Well although that sounded like a REASONABLE request, the waitress said, "No, we don't do that." and walked off.  I was speechless.  "No"?  I could not order a kids meal to go?  SERIOUSLY?  When she came back with our food and I asked to speak with the manager because I thought she was being ridiculous.  She said, in a very snippy tone, "I am the owner's daughter and it is not our policy."  Hmmmm?  A policy on kid's meals?  I said, "What difference does it make if I order it for here or to go?"  I told her that I was a frequent YELPER and this was my first time at the restaurant, thinking she would want a good review and want me to come back.  HOWEVER, that didn't seem to affect her in any way.  I asked where it stated the policy on no kid's meals to go?  She could not answer and begrudgingly said she would do it, "This ONE time".  Darn right ONE time, because I will NEVER go back there.  Too bad, it could have been a regular stop for us!  What a strange policy?  I honestly don't know why I just didn't walk out.  I wrote on her receipt to look for my YELP review.  Maybe her parents should know how she is treating guests.  Never again!  A definite DNR.........................
4	I love love love me some raw fish but have been hesitant to try things in the North Valley.  I don't know why.  Maybe it's that extra 15 minutes from the airport?  Anyhow, great experience here last week.  Service was efficient although not overly friendly.  The miso soup was very good.  You can't beat the lunch special - 3 rolls for $13.  The downside is that there are only about 8 rolls to choose from and there are so many interesting looking rolls that aren't included in the special.  We did get the salmon sake sashimi and it was out of this world.  How I would eat to have a plate of that all to myself.  Will definitely be back.
4	DH was getting pizza at #1 Brothers so I originally tried to order from the Japanese restaurant in the same plaza, but they failed to answer the phone after we called FOUR times!  Thank goodness.  Went to Ari and got the usual excellent service and good sushi.  What made me feel good---I was explaining to the girl who answered the phone that I had ordered the spicy tuna handroll before and had been disappointed in its consistency and our server had suggested a order it more coarsely chopped.  The young lady on the phone said: "Oh, yes, that was me---I was your server and I remember.  I know exactly what you want!"  And she did.  My spicy tuna handroll was exactly what I wanted and I felt good that she had remembered such a trivial incident when she deals with hundreds of customers.  Also, when I explained to her what my favorite specialty roll had been back at my old sushi joint, she was able to suggest a roll that very nearly the same and very good.  Actually, wait.  This was a Four star rather than a three star experience---let me go change my rating.  I feel like I have found my forever sushi place!  Thank you, Ari, for making me feel like a valued customer and not a faceless diner.
4	Very good rolls, kids love the bento boxes. We go all the time.   Recommend.
2	Last two visits, very poor, rude service.  Very disappointing.  I will not be back for a long time, need to get the bad taste out of my mouth.
4	When we walked in no one greeted us, we kind of sat ourselves by the bar, it took another 7 minutes for the waiter to aknowledge us, another 10 minures to order drinks but the sushi was served fast. Half of the waiters don't speak english but are friendly. Sushi is a little expensive, one of the yellow tail salads was $20 bucks (not worth it). Overall wasnt too bad, something new to try.
4	Great selection of creative rolls. Small family run place.  They have fresh, baked and tempura rolls. electric eel closed down the street, so the place is busy. Service is erratic but they try hard.
1	Frozen vegetables and awful chicken.  My experience was worse than panda express.  Japan is sad for this restaurant
4	Local friends took us here and given the location we were skeptical.   As others have commented the service was a bit disorganized.  But as an east coast sushi snob the food did not disappoint.   We ordered a range of rolls and sashimi offerings (standard stuff, california, spicy maki, tuna) and a noodle dish and all were above average.  The bill with beers for 4 was around $100.  No one left hungry.  Do not be put off by the strip mall location.  This is the real deal.  By the way I have to wonder about the "Panda Express" review.
5	Had a wonderful meal. I sat at the bar and JJ the sushi chef just was amazing. I told him what I liked and he just made me special rolls. I will most definitely be back
2	I tried I really did. I absolutely LOVE sushi and usually get it at least once a week for lunch at work, at Kabuki. My all time favorite is the spider roll so whenever I try out a new place I have to get it to see how it compares. Tonight I decided to try out Ari as it's close to my house and the reviews looked great. Service was wonderful and quick basically that's worth two stars all on its own. I ordered the spider and tootsie rolls. The rolls were almost inedible (I posted a picture). They were absolutely soaked in what I think they called eel sauce. It was bitter and tasted salty. Like mixing molasses and soy sauce. I couldn't even finish the rolls it was so bad. If there wasn't the sauce I'm sure they would have been great. I'll stick to my Kabuki for now I suppose. Such a shame!
5	Pulled up and thought, seriously? Never judge a book by it's cover! We had Sonny, the sushi chef, prepare us HIS favorites and enjoyed saki shots. AMAZING food, chill atmosphere, and disarming quality. Perfect hole in the wall find.
5	This place is a hidden half-gem. Not amazing but still worthy of five stars for its friendly staff, family atmosphere and fresh fish. Happy hour rocks too.
5	So far this is our favorite sushi spot in the north Phoenix/Cave Creek area. Great quality food and great staff!
2	Service is bad. Waiting forever. One server for the whole restaurant on a Saturday night.
4	Well,our foursome checked the website and found they had reverse Happy Hour for food and drinks M-F 8:00-10:00 PM. We were told when we got there that they would not honor HH pricing on the website as local menu had M-Th listed. First, to accomodate us, they offered 1/2 off of drinks then added to the food after a little further discussion that we were Yelp devotees. That cleared up, we had some great sushi albeit still a little pricey. Management came through but "heads up."
1	Sat at the sushi bar for 10 minutes tonight- never acknowledged or offered even silverware or drinks- this is a place where the owner has to stand along cave creek begging customers to come in- I used to eat here once a week- no longer! When the salmon is marked 1/2 off on the daily specials you know the seafood has been there a while- stay away!
5	Ari Sushi and grill is a Korean owned restaurant.  However unlike many of the faujaponeeze places I have been to these people really care about the food.  The sushi and sashimi is top quality.  You may need to wait for your food.  Duh....  This is not a fast food joint and if they get busy, expect to wait. You will get the apps and munchies while you are waiting for your "crunchy no nori add soy add kwempi, add cream cheese, not that soy, the other one". They will do it, but calm the heck down.  It takes time.  The main thing here is that they care about the quality of the food that is presented.  If you want blue plate sushi, this isn't your place.  But if you want care and quality put into every piece, every dish, every thought, then this is the place.
5	Favorite sushi restaurant by far! Fresh and creative rolls. Great customer service. My family, boyfriend and I have been coming here for years. We love our local sushi spot.
4	Great little family run sushi place and the only one in Cave Creek. Everyone who works here is super friendly and always smiling. Ari, the owner, is there every night. Treasure Island roll is my fav! But honestly I haven't ordered anything I don't like and I'm here a few times a month. My only complaint is they've gotten busier and only have one server and one sushi chef so it can take quite a while to get anything.  But they're trying and that's what counts!
4	I was skeptical about this place but I gave it a try one night my girlfriend was out of town. I sat at the sushi bar and was very impressed with the atmosphere (casual and relaxed). The sushi chef and waitress were very pleasant. I ordered some sashimi and a salmon Kama, I eat a lot of sushi and this is a great spot to go for good sushi and a relaxed atmosphere. That's how I like it when I decide on a sushi spot, all the glitz and glam places are for the birds just give me some good fresh fish and let me enjoy that! I will eat here again and again.
