2	Rooms are decent but loud. Internet sucks which is why I won't be back. Not a great place. Service was ok, wireless internet is unreliable.
3	This was a clean, comfortable hotel with very friendly staff. The rooms are spacious - and quiet. The wifi - I'm guessing in response to a previous review - is now fast enough to handle streaming HD videos. Which is great, because the large CRT tv in my room's cable selection was very limited. To top things off - while they don't have a bar, you can buy bottles of beers for 2 to 2.50 at the front desk. This combined with being right by the highway and reasonable rates would warrant an easy 4 star review. So - despite cheap beer, free popcorn and fast wifi - they lost the star for the abysmal 'gym'. One old treadmill and one elliptical in a tiny room. So, instead of getting my run in before I had to go to work in the morning, I logged my miles in the surrounding (very pleasant) neighborhood as the sun came up (there's a great hill and a few tiny parks that were fun to run through, large sidewalks and well marked streets). Fortunately, the runs were amazing, and the streets mostly well lit - but I would have been irate had I booked this room in the winter or if it was raining and I was stuck on the tredmill. So If I'm back in Madison, I'll consider staying here again if the workout facilities are redone and expanded. If that doesn't matter to you - you really get a great room for you money here.
4	I stayed here on a business trip. The place is old but still ok for a comfort inn. The first room I was given wasn't very good and it had terrible wifi signal. I was getting one NA and it kept dropping out. After talking to comfort inn IT department (who were very professional and helpful), I learned that I was too far away from the wifi access point and suggested that I changed rooms. The staff was very accommodating and gave me a different room with a huge jacuzzi in the living room. It was pretty cool and more updated than my previous room... However, the wifi was still terrible. Overall, the staff is nice and accommodating, the rooms are old but still decent, but the wifi is horrible (almost non existent).
4	Ok so lets be honest. The hotel is not fancy. It's a pretty normal building. I didn't find it dirty or ran down. Which is great. We only needed a one room stay for me and my husband to attend a wedding. We got a king size on the 6th floor. Room was clean, bathroom was clean, lobby was clean. And everything worked, AC, toilet, shower, sink, so I have nothing to complain about. If you are looking for someone quick and not a honeymoon stay lol this is it! Prices are very reasonable too. $80 compared to $125 for Marriott. no thanks! I'd rather buy shoes with the $50 extra dollars and they have a light free breakfast, is not fancy but you can catch a bagel and orange juice so u Dont leave with an empty stomach!
