5	This is a brand new day spa that has opened up in beautiful Anthem in Las Vegas!! Today I went there for a facial and waxing with Erin and it was absolutely amazing!  The hand treatment and neck massage was a HUGE additional bonus and the atmosphere was very relaxing!  I have been to many day spas, ask my husband, and I am already checking my calendar to book my treatments in advance!  The organic sheets are like heaven and I heard their pedi's are to die for so that is next on the list :) my toes deserve to be happy too!  Don't forget to ask for specials when you make your appointment and did I forget to mention the endless M&M's while you wait??
5	i stumbled upon this place via a coupon in a local book followed by a quick mini research on yelp. i recently moved here from nyc and have been looking for a good wax place. i tried the pretty kitty after all the rave reviews and what my friends recommended, but i must saw i believe i will be returning to the arch. Teresa was my waxer and she was quite the lovely lady. very friendly, as painless as possible, and quickly over with. the prices are great and the spa was very comfortable feeling. they had goldfish crackers on tab. what more do you need in a spa?
5	This is place is by far the best place I have gotten a pedicure at. Arch Spa isn't your traditional Vietnamese- owned nail salon (not that there is anything wrong with it :) ) , the owner is a Latina and the staff is super, duper friendly. For first time customers like my sister and I, a pedicure was only $19.99, returning customers you can find coupons online @ the Zipcode magazine coupon books for $24.99. Either way it is still worth it. The chairs are comfortable, the place is super clean, and they sanitize the tools really well. If you have callus that you want removed they use a new filer each time! This place has 5 pedicure chairs and if you aren't going with your girlfriends you can have the side curtain open for privacy. After they do all the technical stuff, they use butter lotion and give you a nice massage. They take so much pride into their place!Trust me, this place has the 5 star establishment and staff, with 5 star prices! Instead of going to your regular 'joe-shmo'  nail salon, why not go to this luxurious salon for the same competitive price???
2	I went to this spa because one I heard good reviews about it and two my friend had a coupon...now i wish i would have went to my original place. I went there and it was okay not a great place ,but they were in the middle of remodeling..okay i understand that fine. I also excused my girl not being dressed because she was moving..... okay fine. But the pedicure was not what i expected. I left somewhat satisfied until i got home, when i got home i discovered that my toe nails were not clipped even and they felt rough and pointed.. my toe nails weren't entirely colored some sides are missing color and my cuticles are sore from her nipping them to close... Needless to say I will not be back
5	Yay. Took my daughter here for a mani and a pedi.  Service was excellent! All staff were very nice and welcoming. Great experience. Thank you.
5	I recently got a Gel Pedicure at Arch and was very satisfied!The salon is not a chop shop, decorated nicely and very clean (unlike most nail shops)   I was pleased they offer Gel polish and a great selection of colors. I had gel on my toes to begin with and they were the first salon in town I have gone to that actually used the tin foil to remove the gel instead of drilling off the polish. I was amazed and happy for my toe nails not to have to endure the drill again.  I was also very pleased they have a LED light to dry the polish that takes just a few seconds unlike other salons where it takes several minuets between coats. My pedicure was great too... no bad filing and I left with beautiful piggies! Very happy and very happy with the price... $35.00 for Gel Pedicure before tip.great salon... I will be back!get your coupon at:http://www.inzipfo.com/coupons/nevada/89052-coupons/
4	I came here with my sister for mani/pedi's.  They have a great $20 spa pedicure special for new customers.    Both my sister and I were really happy with our pedicures.  The owner did my sister's pedi, and another woman did mine.  I liked that both took extra care with the pedicures.  They didn't rush and even told women that came closer to closing that they couldn't take them because they didn't have sufficient time.  I've been at plenty of places that work like a mill and charge $30 for essentially a 10 minute pedicure.  (No, I don't count the time that your feet are soaking in the tub as part of the pedicure.)  Here, each took their time scrubbing, cutting, filing, painting, etc.  I also got a manicure as I had a wedding the following weekend; again, the woman who did the manicure took her time and didn't cut corners even though it got later in the day.  In fact, I think we stayed past closing.I wanted to treat my sister to a nice pedicure but not break the bank.  I loved that they not only did a great job, but that the place itself is nice, which made it feel more indulgent!  They have swanky chairs/tubs and offer complimentary tea and cookies/crackers.I'm not sure what the other person was referring to as to professionalism; the ladies were chatty and seemed to have fun.  There's a big screen on one wall, and the owner streamed a movie from Netflix while we were there.  She asked us first if there was anything in particular we wanted to see.  Maybe it's more casual in that respect, but I actually prefer that to a stuffy atmosphere, or feeling like the people working are annoyed that they're there.
4	I think I've found my new pedicure salon!This salon is super cute and in a great location for leaving and doing errands "down the hill." I loved the decor of the place and it had a very nice atmosphere as well.  Not your typical pedi place where one nail girl is talking to another nail girl in a foreign language and you wonder if they're saying you have the worst feet ever or something like that.  Heehehe.  Seriously, just a nice vibe and cute decorations.My husband and I both got pedicures and we both got extra attention paid to our toes to help prevent/correct an ingrown toenail situation.  We only had the pedicure express which was reasonably priced (they even gave us the new customer discount.)  The express pedicure was very express, so if you are looking for more time and pampering, do spring for the deluxe.  The only flaw behind that is the deluxe does seem to be a bit more pricey than other nail salons so I would probably rarely pay the extra money.  My husband would have liked a firmer leg massage and both leg massages were very brief, but we only did the Express Pedi.The pedi sinks (er, bowls?) we're some of the best I've ever stuck my feet into.  Super soft and nice jets on the bottom of your feet.  Also, the water wasn't too cold, which is a big pet peeve of mine.  The water never got cold either.  The massage chair maybe wasn't the best I've ever had, but I didn't play around with it too much.  Next time I'll really figure it out.The salon has a K-cup machine (love those!) and water available and little creamers for the K-cups, nice touch!!   I made my appointment online and it was super easy and I got an email confirmation and all.  It even let me book two appts under my name for the same time, which I appreciated because my husband wouldn't want to make his own account.I left with beautiful sparkly toes, just the way I like.  I will for sure become a repeat customer.
2	Was ok. Nice place and clean and yes everyone speaks English lol but didn't get the full pedi experience. No foot massage , no exfoliation , no scrubbing the feet ( which is the main reason I go). Didn't even get lotions up. But everyone was nice and accommodating
5	Great place to go. My nail tech April was amazing. She had great ideas and matched my color perfect. She was very knowledgeable and helped me decide that gels were best for me and they have stayed on for 3 weeks. My pedicure was just perfect for the price. I would recommend her to anyone. The salon is very clean and they disinfect and sanitize Makes me feel comfortable. Try her out u won't be sorry
2	I had a pretty good experience when I went here for my pedi.. The price is good for the services you get, and I thoroughly enjoyed having my feet wrapped with lotion in the plastic wrap.The reason I give 2 stars is because the woman who did my nails seemed kind of pissy or at least, not happy. I like to engage in conversations with the nail tech but, she was silent, she'd glance away and look somewhere else, disinterested, on a few occasions.. She answered her phone. Honestly, I don't think a single word was said to me, other than me being asked if I'd like my nails short.The woman doing my mother's nails was a lot friendlier, so I figured I'd give the place another chance. Many times I have called the salon during their business hours asking for them to call me back so I can make an appointment to come in. If I held my breath waiting for that phone call back, I would have been dead months ago. I know it's not just me, my mother told me the same story, every time you call and leave a message, there's no response back.If you want business perhaps you should respond back to your customers, since your voicemail says you will call back. I thought I had found my new regular nail salon, but I find their actions to be extremely rude and will just find a new nail salon now.
5	This is MY forever mani-pedi place .... never leaving.  I am so glad to have found Gaby at The Arch Pedi Spa.  I have been coming in routinely to see Gaby for about 18 months and I love it!  I get gel manicures and gel pedicures and the quality of my services are unparalleled.  I have named Gaby my "therapist " and always leave feeling refreshed and relaxed.  The entire staff at The Arch are so friendly ... You will feel welcomed and be ready to book another service for sure.
