5	Bill tinted my '07 honda odyssey and he did a wonderful job.  He was friendly, nice, and very knowledgable on tinting.  His prices beat out several other places as well.  I recommend getting your car tinted by him.
5	Bill did a great job tinting the windows on my new car. Very honest and does excellent work. I like dealing with small owner / operator businesses. He has been in the tinting business a long time and stands behind his work. Great guy to deal with.
5	Thank you Bill!! Last year my boyfriend had him tint his new Jetta and we both were completely satisfied. When I recently got a 2013 Beetle Turbo I immediately knew where to make an appointment. 2 hours was all it took, literally down to the minute and I am set for the summer! He went over all of my choices of shades, it is a very clean garage, well organized and extremely personable. I feel like I've known him for years, that is how comfortable I am. He comes highly recommended in my book!!
5	I've been using Bill for the past 10 years for my commercial and personal vehicles, he even tinted the windows on my old house.  Bill is a perfectionist in his work.  I once had an issue with a piece of tint a few years after Bill had installed it and he re-tinted the window at no charge(defect in tint).  I would highly recommend Bill at Bill's Custom.  Stay away from cheap $199 dealer installers--If you plan on keeping the vehicle for any amount of time and support local business owners!!! Just my two cents.
5	Bill's shop, what can I say? He's more of a perfectionist than I. I've had him do tint and paint protection on several cars, and he's even done one-way tint on my shop windows. I recommend him to ALL my friends! He's the BEST!!
5	I shopped around before I had Bill tint my car and entire house.  I wanted quality workmanship and the best product that would withstand the brutal AZ summers.  I couldn't be happier with the results.  Bill's Custom delivered on all counts. When you want service and superior results; go to Bill he will deliver and doesn't play games.I researched " on-line coupons" and the discounts offered and found it was for a cheaper window tint and one shade only.  Bottom line you get what you pay for.
5	Bill set me up with a nice window tint on my 2010 Dodge 2500. (I'll post pictures as soon as I get some uploaded). Waited for the 30 day period to see how everything looked before I wrote a post on here. My opinion: excellent job. Tint looks great.Bill had multiple options, but wasn't pushy on the most expensive materials he had in stock as everything was high quality, I eventually led my self to the top line he had for tint.His facilities at his house are pretty much the coolest garage a man can have. Great place to wait while he works on the vehicle.If your looking for a long term tint that looks really nice, go with him, well worth the extra money.
5	Bill did an excellent job on my 2013 ford F-150. He is an awesome guy and does excellent work. His shop is very nice.  I don't have anything negative to say. I'm going to take all my cars here and most likely get the windows on my house done through bill.
5	Cool dude, great work, at a competitive price.  Bill tented my 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee a few weeks ago.  I couldn't be happier with the job.  And I was in and out in a few hours.
5	Bill worked with my busy schedule and got my windows tinted and full clear bra applied on my new 2015 BMW M3.  He did an amazing job and went above and beyond to get me the best product.  Bill was extremely attentive and answered all my questions, and his attention to detail on the work he did was amazing.  The tint looks amazing and the clear bra can be barely seen.  I had some custom work done on the front end and Bill was able to still work around it and customize the clear bra to fit perfectly.
5	Love the tint job! Bill was very accommodating with our schedule, timely in getting the job done and most importantly, put a really nice tint on the windows. Looks great and would highly recommend. Bill was a pleasure to work with!
5	Not sure if it is common but Bill was able to tint my truck on only a couple hours notice. Very fast, friendly and it looks great. Very highly recommended.
5	Just got my car tinted at Bill's 1 month ago.Went really well.  Excellent service and results.  Made an appointment on Sat and car was done on time as promised.  After the typical dry up period, did not see mistake anywhere.
