5	On our blog, it's now rated in our Top Five. It has a fairly small selection of dishes but hits all the right notes you'd expect, with a mighty impressive sashimi platter, well-executed tuna maki, high-quality buckwheat soba, and knockout miso aubergine.Overall, we said: "go to Kanpai. Have good sushi made by people who know what they are doing and love the excellent service. Enjoy the calming atmosphere, and for goodness sake, order the aubergines, at least one."
5	It is raw fish!?!?!? How on earth can it taste soooooo darned good!I will hands down say this is the best sushi I have had in Edinburgh thus far!This lovely little sushi joint is, as me and Jenny were discussing, what I imagine they would be like in New York or London, snazzy, clean, welcoming, modern, fresh.... need I go on? The staff were incredibly welcoming and the menu is good.... although the only thing they are lacking is 'specials', I find they always tend to be an utter treat! But apart from that, this place is like gold dust. We decided that we would share a few wee plates so we had Spicy Tuna Gunkan Nigiri, Grilled Aubergines in Miso, Chicken and Vegetable Dumplings and Grilled Teriyaki Salmon Maki. They were all simply scrumptious..... I probably could have eaten more out of sheer gluttony, but this was just enough for the two of us. Ok, so if you have got this far you quite clearly are a sushi eater in Edinburgh, so give it a go! The price is no more than anywhere else in town even though it feels more 'upmarket'. Quite simply a brilliant lunch out.
5	Well I was back here at the weekend and it reaffirmed for me its place as the best sushi restaurant in town!Looking at it again one of the great aspects fo the layout is the spacing - you dont feel like people are too close, in fact despite the restaurant being full it still felt as if we have the peave and quite to have our own conversation.Sicne my first visit they have come up with abeautiful picture storybook type menus and have grown a really cracking wine list as well.To the food, between 2 of us we have 6 dishes which was perfect- Tepenyaki Seared Tuna with sweet miso dressing - possibly the best sushi dish I have ever has- Tempura soft shell crab - so so so tasty- Tempura squid - light, tasty with the perfect ammoutn of bite- Grilled salmon nigri - :o)- Spicy tuna maki - :o) :o)- Scallop sashimi - oober awesomeAll in all another tremendous meal at Kanpai and I just cant wait to go back again!!Jd = Very Happy Man!!!!
5	Ok, this place is legit, which I didn't expect in Edinburgh (no offense, it just doesn't seem like a sushi kind of city, like San Francisco). I decided since it's so close to my hotel I might as well give it a shot and I'm so glad I did. It's off a side street (right down from Nando's) so it's a little hidden but once you step inside you're in another little world. The sushi here looked somewhat standard on the menu but when my order arrived I was pleasantly surprised. My favorite was the Kanpai roll, which I think I'll have to get again while I'm in town.It'd be a nice little date spot (saw several couples there) but seems good for a casual option as well. The staff is very friendly and welcoming all around.I haven't tried any other sushi spots in Edinburgh so I only have my experiences in the States to compare this place to, but from my first experience was a really good one. I highly recommend giving this place a shot.
4	We went here for a belated (US)  Mothers day dinner. Originally we wanted to go for lunch but, the hours are a bit wacky and they aren't open for a gap in the evening so we settled for an early dinner. The staff were really nice, the hostess, a young lady seemed very interested in our wee one and even though they had no child seats they were very accommodating and put us in our table where she could sit in the pram and not be in the way. I ordered the miso soup, chicken veg dumplings and grilled eggplant. We shared the veg tempura. My partner had the panko crusted salmon sushi and the buckwheat noodle starter. I was very happy with what I ordered. The dumplings were tender and pan seared to perfection. The miso soup was deliciously balanced and a great starter. If you didn't know this, miso soup is traditionally eaten in Japan at the start of a meal, to open ones appetite! The grilled eggplant was AMAZING. Just thinking about it makes me feel hungry. I have never tasted anything quite like it, a bit salty and sweet all grilled and cut like a mango! The tempura was the the only mediocre thing I ordered. I thought it was a bit stodgy, tempura is meant to be light fluffy deep fried goodness. This seemed to be a mashed up medley of vegetables deep fried then cut into triangular shapes. It would have been better if they were smaller and not so smooshy. Now my partners fare is another story, I was not a fan but he seemed to enjoy it enough.All in all I was quite impressed. I will definitely be coming back though it would be great if they actually got some child seats! Also keep an eye on their opening hours! But do go, you won't regret it.
5	Have eaten in most sushi restaurants in every city i have lived in over the past 5 years but this is the best i have found. My third i've tried since moving to edinburgh and i have to say it beats all others hands down (even my beloved Ichiban in Glasgow). The food was superb and although more expensive than most it was excellent value for money in both quality and portion size. The atmosphere in the restaurant is also fantastic: modern, clean and "fits the food"After a great meal there last week, we ordered food to collect last night and the quality was the same.Will definitely be going back.
3	maybe im a bit spoiled coming from the land of san francisco where fresh delicious sushi is easily accessible, but i didnt think this place was SUPER special.  They were out of tuna? and service? what service? i had to come up to my server to make an order.the eggplant miso dish was good, gyoza-not bad, wish they were HOT and not lukewarmdragon roll was goodtokyo roll-dont like deep fried, not my thingI wish they would have more variety and a little cheaper price tag.  those small dishes plus two small drinks ending up costing us 45 pounds. seems pretty pricey to me for a couple of apps and rolls.
5	Occasionally, not often, but occasionally, I MUST give a terrible review for an amazing place. What I mean by that is I'm not going to review Kanpai 'cause it's the BEST, but only relatively.If you go sushi - Go Kanpai... because everywhere else pretty much sucks.Why? Because Edin-f**king-burgh a city of 400,000 and people from all over the WORLD, first class universities, the home of some of the greatest writers of all time and home of the Edinburgh Fringe has the worst f**king sushi this side of the Mid-West of the US. Scotland... you're ON THE WATER. There is no excuse for such a piss poor showing of choice in sushi restaurants. Which is why Kanpai is *FIVE GIANT STARS* hands down. It is one of the only sushi places that surpasses supermarket sushi in this little city. The choices are amazing and it will satisfy anyone who loves them some raw fish on a plate (and even cooked fish on a plate). It ain't cheap, but it ain't more expensive than anywhere else. There's not nearly enough 'Bento Box' choice, but still, it far surpasses any and everything I have tried in Edinburgh. Don't even attempt anywhere else if you have any choice in the matter.
5	edinburgh is a city of many things, but for the first few years i lived here it lacked a good sushi restaurant.  which clearly made me very sad as sushi is one of my most favourite meals out!  it's like japanese tapas!  but thankfully kanpai opened just over two years ago and solved my sushi dilemma.this past friday the boyfriend decided to treat me to dinner as he was abandoning me to go away skiing for a week.  so naturally i suggested kanpai because we hadn't been for sushi in ages and bonus i wasn't paying!  even though we phoned ahead to book a table we still didn't manage to get one until 8:30pm on friday night, so this place is very popular.  i'm a bit surprised by its popularity as every other time i've been most of the tables were full but they were never super busy.  i always thought it was due to them being tucked down a side street near the lycuem theatre, so off the main road and less passerby traffic.  but clearly the secret is out as the place was absolutely packed!!we ordered a selection of rolls to share: spicy tuna, dragon roll, rainbow roll, teriyaki salmon roll and then miso soup and vegetable tempure.  i was starving so super happy that the rolls began appearing at our table with speed!!  all the rolls were delicious, i especially enjoyed the teriyaki salmon roll.  we'd never had it before but the just cooked salmon on top of an avocado roll with a teriyaki glaze was like a tiny bite of sushi heaven.  it just went together so incredibly well i almost wish i hadn't been sharing it!!  the dragon roll is equally delicious and also like a work of art.  it arrives at your table with flair, thin slices of avocado layered on top of a tempura prawn roll complete with the head stuck to the wooden plate.  the vegetable tempura was tasty and different in that it wasn't pieces of veg in tempura batter, but little bunches of shredded veg deep fried with a tasty dipping sauce. the service in kanpai is equally attentive and non intrusive all at the same time.  the wait staff are quick to take your order and bring your drinks, but don't hover over you as you eat your food.  they also clear plates quickly although they were a bit slow getting the bill to us.  i'm assuming this was due to them being so busy so not really their fault.so five star sushi dining experience!!  i love this restaurant and apparently so do all the young hip rich people of edinburgh as there appeared to be a very large number of them dining with their designer hand bags next to them.  while this may put some people off, i like pretending to live in the world of the rich and no one will stop me from getting my sushi!
4	Kanpai certainly has the best sushi I've tasted in Edinburgh, and the most beautiful of the sushi restaurants perfect for a date night.Now when I say best sushi in Edinburgh, I mean in Edinburgh. Having had sushi in California I can say that Edinburgh doesn't do sushi to the best of the world's standards. Why is it in the UK we pay the same price and get half the portion size? It seems sushi is considered a precious commodity here.But Kanpai do it well, albeit on a limited menu. The Dragon Roll is delicious and beautifully presented. The Aubergine, oh lord the aubergine. Get the aubergine. It's just wonderful and I've never had it in any other sushi restaurant anywhere. The calamari is beautifully cooked and light and crispy. Even the tempura crab, that freakd me out somewhat in that you eat all of it including the claws, was nice.In fact, everything I've tried on the menu is delicious. I've added a few different photos, one of which is when my friend and I came on a girl-date here and ordered probably double what we needed. But we ate it all. And we were happy.The only reason it's not 5 stars is three times now that I've been, they've run out of tuna. Really? A sushi restaurant running out of tuna? Ok fair enough it happened once. But I also had a friend tell me it happened to them. You think they'd run a stock take next to a order sheet and work out they need more tuna.Also the booking system can be confusing and often they don't pick their phone, and have once or twice messed up a booking. So apart from the booking and the tuna, it is the best sushi you'lll find in Edinburgh. Oh and about booking - BOOK! You need to book. Word has spread about this amazing place, and on a Friday and Saturday night (even mid week) there is absolutely no room for walk ins, and you even have to book a few days in advance.
5	Kanpai definitely does the best sushi in Edinburgh. The menu is perhaps a little pricey, a little limited to sushi and sashimi, and I dont think you could leave full but despite that it is still excellent. The staff are really great too which is important for me as it really makes a dining experience when the staff are friendly and helpful.The restaurant is really nicely laid out with a bar area where you can watch the sushi being made. I really enjoyed our sashimi selection and the dragon roll is lovely - plus it looks like a real dragon! Presentation here is exceptional and all the food looks like it should be on a photo shoot! I agree with Jenny on the aubergine, oh my word it is good, as it the soft shell tempura crab and the eel and surfclam too!You definitely need to book in advance though as they get really busy but it is worth it.
3	I went to this restaurant on Sunday. To my surprise, there is no Tuna cause of supplying problem. Therefore if you want to Tuna, you should call to confirm for tuna being prepared. Atmosphere of this restaurant is quiet and Servers are kind and smile. I order two rolls, several nigiris but grain of rice is worse than what i anticipated. Kind of sake prepared is not various. But considering this is Edinburgh, small city,  far from London, it is not bad for Japaneses food.
5	I think I may have fallen in love with the food from this restaurant. I've been here three times in as many weeks and I still want to go back for more. Quite simply this is the best sushi restaurant I've ever eaten in.  From the outside Kanpai is pretty understated. It's actually easy to miss as the signage and door outside are plain; it's only as you pass the window by the sushi bar where you can see chefs preparing the food that you get an impression of some of the magic happening inside. In all the times I've visited it's always been busy inside which is yet another indication of its growing popularity. I wouldn't dream of just walking in and hoping they have a table. Booking in advance, especially if you want to eat between 7pm and 8:30pm, is advisable, though you can usually get a table the same day if you can be flexible with your time. But to the star of the show, the food! Frankly there aren't enough superlatives to describe how incredible the food is. I think quite a few of my friends have become addicted to the miso glazed aubergine they serve here. The tempura batter they make is so light and crispy that you usually end up making a mess biting in to it as it flakes everywhere. The sharing sushi rolls are probably my favourite. At eight pieces each I'm still undecided if I could actually just eat one to myself but then I wouldn't have room for anything else. The Tokyo roll is filled with chicken which was unexpected in a sushi restaurant (most of us would associate sushi with fish right?) but absolutely delicious! The dragon roll is also a firm favourite, with tempura prawn and avocado, the chefs will often make the dish look like a nessie monster on your plate. The raw fish dishes with the nigiri taste fresh and are a nice accompaniment to the larger sushi rolls as they come in much smaller servings. It's also worth noting that my cup of green tea was never empty. They staff are constantly topping up your tea throughout your meal with a nice matcha blend that goes really well with the food if you aren't having wine.  I honestly don't have a bad thing to say about the place. The only gripes I would have is that the place is just too damn popular for its own good. It is also a little too pricy to be somewhere I would eat regularly (she says after being three times in three weeks.) but I suppose that is the price you pay for exceptional quality and sushi that makes your taste buds hum with delight.
4	I came here for my birthday with a group of friends and I really loved it. I would never have known of this place except for hearing so much about it from friends. I don't think it's a place you would end up walking past. The decor inside is very nice and because we were a group of 7 we had what was like a small side room which was lovely. It felt really relaxed and chilled. There was plenty of choice on the menu. I ordered the aubergine and miso which was amazing. I also had the dragon rolls, and shared the California rolls with a friend. Great food and very filling. I think everyone enjoyed their food and I would definitely go back again to try other food on the menu.
5	If you've never had Sushi before then this is the place to go!My partner is not one for Sushi but after eating here we will be back.  The food was amazing, staff are very helpful and polite.Restaurant is very clean and has a fantastic atmosphere.The only complaint I have and it has nothing to do with Kanpai is the Edinburgh Council parking restrictions in place in the local area.Other than that, I will be back and can highly recommend the Aubergine!
4	Lovely place, with very nice ambience, food and service. We have tried the rainbow rolls and spicy tuna maki, both were very good. So was the salmon teriyaki, although I would appreciate a bit bigger portion. We will definitely come back since we have been searching for a nice sushi restaurant in Edinburgh.
5	I went here for my birthday dinner as its a bit of a splash. BUT it is SO worth it! The staff is so friendly and lovely. The service was great and the food arrived so fast despite them being full. I enjoy the rolling dinner, where they bring the food as it is ready. We had the dragon roll and the miso aubergine (due to other Yelper's raving) and both were so good! Better then sushi I have had at places in the States, which I love. We also had the teriyaki salmon roll, the tuna nigiri and the vegetable tempura. All were delicious and the fish tasted fresh and was very flavorful. The tempura was very impressive as it is grated vegetables (and edamame) woven together. I will certainly go back and would recommend this to anyone who enjoys sushi!! They also have some cooked dishes if you prefer things other then sushi. All in all it is very authentic and delicious Japanese food with excellent service. I won't even think about trying another sushi restaurant as I can't imagine it could get any better.
5	I believe this review is relative to what you're accustomed to, but I've lived in the UK long enough to miss good sushi... and I'm from Georgia, not exactly the sushi capital of the US.  That said, I have to say that I've been pretty much shocked at the "meh" factor of most sushi places I've tried in the UK... I'm sure there are hidden gems, but I've hit so many duds in my quest that I subconsciously have started avoiding one of my favourite food types.So, on to Kanpai... it's good, really good... good enough that it's getting five stars because I simply haven't had sushi this good on this side of the pond yet, and it's reasonably priced.  If you're over from Japan (or even California) I'm not sure it would rock you're world, but if like me you've grown cold to sushi because it's always either far overpriced, simply not good, or worse... both, then bookmark this place and give it a go.The King Prawn Tempura... wow, it's a must for a starter, a real treat. I've had the Squid Tempura as well, and while also nice it didn't quite live up to the King Prawn Tempura... which is a bit of a surprise to me since I normally fall on the side of squid when playing favourites between the two.  I've also had the Grilled Aubergine in sweet Miso Sauce and it packed a punch with flavour... it could have almost been a dessert!  I've also had the Pan Fried Veg & Chicken Dumplings on two occasions, loving them the first time... sadly the second time, while still good, they didn't live up to the first visit... they came out a bit cold and the dipping sauce was a bit weaker in flavour.  (They were still good, just not as good.)  (Side note... if you're in London, near Angel, seriously try the dumplings at New Culture Revolution... they're handmade bits of win, no other way around it.)I've had a few of the rolls at Kanpai, but so far the Dragon Roll is probably the winner in presentation and taste... I don't think you could really go wrong with any of them that sound of interest to you.  The Kanpai Special Combo is a win for sashimi taste and presentation... go with a friend and order one of these, a Dragon Roll, and have the King Prawn Tempura as a starter (I'll let you pick the second starter on your own... it's your dinner after all!) and your table will look like a presentation fit for a magazine.So search no more Dear Yelpers, there is now somewhere I honestly look forward to going for sushi... not in the "well, it will do" way that so many other places have been until now... I legitimately crave this place.For the place itself... it's almost hidden, with no sign jutting out, but clean and well laid out inside... the staff are courteous as well, but it can get quite busy... a booking on a busy night is wise... very wise indeed.Enjoy!
4	Refined but adjusted for the British palette.
4	Kanpai..we meet again. .I remember when Kanpai first opened. It was introduced to me by a friend knowing the owner of it.  At the time she was the owner of Sushiya and then she opened Kanpai.  Not sure about now though.  So being recommend by a friend and big lover of Japanese food...again I mentioned...went along...location wise its quite hidden away...and I walked in..wow..so much bigger compare to Sushiya....sat down ...immediately opened the menu ...Tokyo roll, softshell crab roll, tempura roll, rainbow roll and dragon roll. Oh and california roll. All excellent.  Not one problem I had with their maki. I was guessing maybe their tempura roll might not be so good? Coz its extremely tricky to get the batter right for tempura.  And it was excellent. Was very disappointed when they told me they dont serve ramen or udon or even hot food...which really confused me...coz u need hot oil to fry tempura no? And..I can order teriyaki beef thats hot no? Anyway she said if I want ramen I can try sushiya...there was a long awkward pause there...So I went for the teriyaki beef which came in stunning presentation.  Beef sitting on a candle lit...burner thing...the portion was small compare to the price. First thing got to me was...is that a real leaf??? Wont it be burnt sitting on top of the tea light. ...but my friend sitting opposite me reassured me saying "of course it won't!! They must have tried this many times don't be stupid must be some kind of fire safe leaf looking thing....blah blah" so I thought. .mm..ok..he must be right.   But guess what..the leaf did burn....and we were embarrassingly stuffing our mouth and plate with beef so they could remove the burning leaf...in fact...I put some water on it...it was not a big massive flame but yep...not the special kind of waterproof leaf atall..Overall the food was excellent, service was good too the waitress was so apologetic but hey they just opened back then...I believe they must be doing so well now coz they got high ratings..the place was very clean...definitely somewhere good to take your friends family or business.
4	Came here for a work booze-up (I mean meet and greet with clients) and it was fantastic. The staff are really great and I must say they know their stuff when it comes to bringing you things when you say things like "bring me things" or "something like this".The food in general was spot on and while I don't know much about japanese food it was TASTY. We had a significant amount of alcohol and food (8 of us) and it was still pretty much what I would consider reasonably priced. Need to try it when I'm actually paying and see how it goes.
4	Kanpai hides it's light under a bushel, being such an unassuming little restaurant tucked away on Grindlay Street.I was immediately welcomed by, what must be, the friendliest waiting staff in town. Combined with the sleek and stylish interior it proved to be a very relaxing and enjoyable place to be. The tables are all set with chopsticks on little marble rests, soy sauce in miniature kettles and little dipping bowls dotted around. Pretty *and* functional.Now the important bit; the food. I have been binging on all things raw and seafood-y recently and Kanpai does this to the highest standard in Edinburgh. Not only that, it easily compares to some of the best in the UK.I had surf clam sashimi, sashimi salad, aubergine in a sweet miso sauce, wakame salad and miso soup. The surf clams were a first for me and I will definitely order them again next time. They were reassuringly fresh, juicy and sweet . Elegantly served in a bowl over crushed ice (with a cute little bamboo ice scoop to boot) with a flower (my botanical knowledge fails me as I have no idea what it was or if it was edible and I didn't have the courage to try it) Likewise, the sashimi salad consisted of a fresh and tasty mix of tuna, salmon, octopus and scallop and gorgeous little balls of salmon roe. All served atop a crisp radish and cucumber salad, with a sesame and soy dip. The wakame was no less crisp and fresh, dressed in sesame oil. The dark horse of the table was the aubergine in sweet miso sauce. I don't like aubergines but this is now the exception to the rule. It was creamy, crispy and very more-ish. Very sweet, though, and got a bit sickly after a while.Kanpai, reassuringly, doesn't mess about with fusion cooking, anything elaborate or experimental. Its menu is streamlined to offer the best sushi, sashimi and Japanese food it can. Which also happens to be the best in Edinburgh.
5	I have to write a second review as this place (second time around) impressed me again! I had reserved a table for a party of 6 and become one of those customers I hated, having to call and ask if we could be late. They were absolutely fine with it and when we did arrived they showed us to a private little alcove with a long table. It was far to big for 6, and inspired, I asked if a few more friends could join. (Also doing something a customer never should!) And they were completely fine with it. The service was fantastic and the food just as amazing as the last time. We had quite a rolling dinner between 6 of us and we tried so many yummy things. Again, the eggplant was a winner as was the dragon roll and the Kanpai special roll. I have to compliment them on how accommodating they were despite us being naughty dinner guests. It is a wonderful place to take a larger party and a completely fun dining experience!
4	So happy to discover that Edinburgh has a Japanese restaurant of this quality. Elegant, aesthetically-pleasing decor, good service, good food. On the day we went (I think it was a Tuesday lunch) they were out of several items, including tuna and scallops. Skimming through some of the other reviews here, it seems that the lack of tuna is a regular occurrence. Between us we ordered a variety of dishes, including edamame, wakame salad, avocado rolls, dragon roll, miso eggplant, and some sashimi. Everything was good, but I can't point to any item that was really a stand-out. The eggplant was very tasty but too oily. Looking forward to going back for dinner sometime soon, especially since I see they serve shochu - haven't had that since Tokyo!
4	I have been recommended this restaurant from my boyfriend. He loves sushi and said this place is great. Thank you C for the tip xx
3	Treated myself to dinner here last week for my birthday. Given its reputation as supposedly Edinburgh's "posh" sushi restaurant I certainly expected to pay more for the meal than it actually cost so that was welcome but by the same token I was surprised that my booking wasn't registered. A seat was found for me at the bar though so face was saved.Service-wise things were middle-of-the-road - not too slow but not overly attentive either. The food I had was on a par with most other sushi places I've been to in town so there was nothing really to set it apart in that sense although the teppan-yaki aubergine was a new one on me (& very moreish although I'd ask for a spoon to scoop it out with next time). First impressions are though important so on top of the booking error there was also the rather tired menu to contend with. Outwardly it's very pleasing to the eye but inside the pages look tired and well thumbed, a dish no longer offered is merely sellotaped over with a strip of coloured paper and the last two pages are stapled together (presumably to hide other extinct dishes). A refresh of the booklet would be a good idea.
5	Stopped in for lunch, as there aren't so many well reviewed sushi places around (thank you yelp). It is a really cute, minimal, friendly restaurant. Free hot tea, as it should be. The menu was extensive, and we stuck to food, so I can't comment of the sake, though I look forward to getting back into drinking it. Actually, I am on a quest. I once had a couple flights of sake, and one of them was just the best thing I had ever tasted. I bought a bottle. Drank it at home later, and was saving the bottle, but it was tossed out. And I can't remember the damn name. So: quest to find this sake that sang to me. Anyway, the sushi here was really good. Not too pricy, but commensurate with the quality.
4	nice food! just the price seems little bit expensive, two ppl paid 64 pounds
5	Well, this is rather awkward.If you've read my recent Review of the Day, you'll know that I am very, very, fond of Tang indeed. Before any accusations come my way, let me remind you, Gentle Reader, that I have never (with any sobriety) promised a wholly exclusive relationship with Tang alone.Having said that, I have taken Kanpai as my mistress and Holy salmon Batman I am now seriously considering polygamy. I think we are all agreed, my fellow Yelpers, that Edinburgh sucks for sushi. But not Kanpai, it is abundant in awesomeness and the cold dead fish here possesses the two qualities valued above all others in such commodities: it being very cold and only very recently deceased. The ebi tempura is ridiculous. It comes in a tiny wicker basket, with it's own little sprinkle of herbs and we ordered three (!) three of those baskets. One after the other. And on an entirely unrelated note, the waiting staff is not at all judgmental and very discreet. Even if you decide to order half the menu twice over. (And you will).Tang is good, it really is, but Kanpai is luxury. That is the prime difference between the two. Tang has all the makings of a good sushi restaurant, but go on a weekday and you'll find they will have no sushi chef in-house and the quality of the fish will be markedly different than on the weekends.Kanpai cuts no corners. Kanpai cuts fishies, yes, but only good ones. It takes itself seriously and because of that it's the type of restaurant where you can truly celebrate a special occasion. Though in all honesty, should I ever win the lottery, I'll have them set up a little table in the corner just for me alone. Behind a screen of course. As I intend to order more then three of those tiny wicker baskets and then whisper quietly from behind my screen "Here fishy, fishy, fishy." Now if you'll excuse me, I have some squid to catch.
5	My absolute favourite sushi restaurant in UK. Authentic food, super friendly staff, good price and location. One of my favourite restaurants ever.
5	We had in total 8 dishes we shared between 2 of us - and though we rated them from from faves to least faves we found it tricky to rate them at all as each dish was so impressive. They were clearly expertly prepared by chefs who knew what they were delivering..front of house were a bit more amateur but one girl was v good and everyone was sweet in general. Very tasty dinner indeed, and we didn't leave feeling really full because it was just so clean and fresh....expensive wine list but well worth a visit...
4	OK, so let's start with the facts. The UK, while doing many many things well, misses the high note in a couple big areas. One of the most blaring ones is sushi (also Mexican food, but that's a story for a different review.)So when my boss told me we were going for sushi during a work outing here in Edinburgh, my heart sank. Just a little.And yet, what I found here at Kanpai (which means "cheers", but the way) was a tranquil spot with delicious food, and yes, that included the sushi. Ah-mazing. We were a big group and they had no problem sitting us in a back area all to ourselves (probably for the best, we were a loud group too.) We ordered a ton of different items for the table and all were quality. Stand outs were the amazing grilled and sauced aubergine (and I usually truly dislike aubergine), soft shell crab roll, a beautiful and crunchy seaweed salad and some solid Takoyaki.Where they lose points is in the service, where the food does come out slowly and in weird orders. Some of our got our mains and then it was another 10 or so minutes for everyone else to be fed. Created some awkward staggering times of eating. Also, they were out of tuna, and apparently this happens all the time (no sushi restaurant should ever run out of tuna. That is law.)But overall, a surprise upon a surprise and I'd come back here in a heartbeat.
4	oh my God I love Japanese food - in fact every time I eat it I think I'd love to eat it for every meal until I remember that I also can't get enough Mexican, Indian and tons of other tasty world food cuisines! The nice thing I love about Japanese is that I always feel stuffed but it's also been a much more healthy experience than say eating the same weight of burgers or 'dogs - plus some green tea on the side really makes it feel like some sort of deep cleansing experience! So we went and checked out Kanpai while in Edinburgh last week and this was a fantastic dining experience. It was lunch time so the atmosphere wasn't exactly electric but the good news was that we sat in the private booth that fits 8 people in the back - a really nice setting and relaxed place to enjoy a leisurely lunch.The staff were super friendly, the venue traditionally decorated and the soft shell crab maki I has was fantastic. The aubergine, seaweed and gyoza were also super tasty as starters! Wow - I wish I could eat it all again right now... The only thing I have to say is that they didn't seem to have quite a few menu items which puts it down to a 4 star for me. A sushi restaurant should really have the core ingredients like Tuna at all times.
5	Fantastic ! Where do I even begin... - Sushi:Every roll of sushi is a masterpiece!The combination of flavours in every single roll is phenomenal.The display and elegance of both the roll cross section and plate are fantastic and add tremendously to the already great experience. Ingredients are fresh, seaweed is crispy, fish is tender, vegetables are crunchy and the rice is tasty. The soy sauce they provide is perfect as it is not too strong and salty and therefore does not obscure any of the lovely flavours. To choose a favourite is very hard but I will say that the most distinct ones were:The Dragon Roll, Rainbow Roll and grilled Teriyaki Salmon Maki. Don't let the simplicity of the grilled Teriyaki Salmon Maki fool you... the taste, texture and combination of flavours are just perfect ! - Hot/cold dishes:Again the display is fantastic and elegant. I generally like eating sushi in places like this, but I had some other dishes and they were super. Lots of flavours and textures that work very well together. From the dishes I have tried I would highly recommend the Grilled aubergine in sweet miso sauce, and just so you understand how good it was, I generally don't like aubergine dishes at all....  The Teppan Teriyaki Salmon and the Tempura veg and king prawn were also very good. Sashimi on ice was a very beautiful display and the sea foods were nice and fresh. - Atmosphere and Service:Everything in the restaurant is high quality. Tables, chairs, cutleries, Sushi chef bar and even the soy sauce dispenser was a nice traditional pot. The overall atmosphere was elegant and relaxing. Service is kind and extra polite just like traditional asian hospitality, FANTASTIC. Prices are fair for what you get and is a great evening out with a partner, close family and friends.I really cant think of anything negative to say after about 20+ visits to this restaurant.  Enjoy!!
5	One of the best japanese I've ever been! It's not cheap but you must go! The rice is amazing and something simple as salmon nigiri could become astonishing! Nice atmosphere and good romanian wine!
5	Kanpai is an authentically designed sushi bar nestled just under the Edinburgh Castle. The staff are so polite and so friendly. The decor is minimalist and very Japanese. The whole experience at Kanpai reflects the elegance and simplicity of Japanese cuisine. Food-wise everything on this menu down to the wine selection is spot on. Recommendations: Spicy Tuna Gunkan Nigiri, the Kanpai Special roll, and the Matcha Green Tea Ice Cream.
4	The former Vancouverite is reviewing a sushi place in Edinburgh...RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!Folks, Edinburgh has many a thing going for it over wee ol' Canada. For one, there's a castle in the middle of the city. For second, you can drink whisky cheaply and stare at that castle to your heart's content. So when I was told i'd have to give up some of the best sushi outside of Japan for castles, whisky and great pubs (#3), it wasn't a difficult choice. I'm here aren't I?But I didn't quite realize how quickly the sashimi cravings would kick in and so i've been systematically scouring the city for sushi spots. I've entered most apprehensively and here's what I've learned:Edinburgh actually has some darn respectable sushi joints.You'll just pay out the nose for that fact.I had the pleasure of hitting this little sushi spot with Elizabeth G this afternoon and I must say, of the respectable joints in town, Kanpai is one of the best.Here's what you need to know:1. Make a reservation. Because even if it's 1pm, you might not get in. We quite literally had to beg to squeeze three bodies at a two person table to get our sushi fix in.2. Order the eggplant... I mean, aubergine. It's delicious. You will not want to share this.3. Don't expect me not to call it eggplant. It's only been a month folks. I'm learning slowly.4. The rainbow roll is excellent. I went with this as a failsafe. I was personally craving sashimi, but if you're in a new sushi spot and don't know how good it's really going to be, that can be a risky order. The rainbow roll was topped with tuna & salmon sashimi and it was delectable. I really should have trusted my fellow Yelpers on that one.5. Expat bonus tip: Don't convert the dollar amounts in your head. Yes, it's true - this place is pretty darn pricey, and definitely won't make a good pit stop day to day but it IS worth setting aside some dough and popping in every so often. The quality is worth the price and it is truly the best place i've been so far.Castles. Whisky. Passable sushi.Edinburgh, you're stuck with me now.
5	Have come back a few times since to keep trying out and this is solidly one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh now. Amazing Japanese food. Brought the SO here even though she "didn't like" sushi, and she loved it. Even tried sashimi! Recommended! Also the staff are so lovely I want to take them home. Wait that sounds weird.
