3	Being the master of safety that I am, I was recently looking for an emergency kit to keep in my car.  You know, just in case.  So the thought came to me that the supplies I needed were similar to the things you use when camping.  So I came upon this place, and wouldn't you know it, I found what I needed.  They had a pretty good layout to the store so everything was easy to find.  I'm not much of a outdoorsy type, so I can't really speak to the other sporting things they had there.  But I certainly had some fantasies of grandeur looking at the rock climbing equipment.
4	I thought this place was pretty great, they really have everything when it comes to outdoor wear, information, and sporting goods.  I am from Boone, NC in the Appalachian Mountains and I cannot wait to love show this store to some of my rock climbing and kayaking buddies.  I thumbed through some of their trail books on the Appalachian Trail (they were very in depth) just for a little nostalgia.  The shop really made me want to jump into the forest with a tent and spend a couple of days alone in the wilderness.  They have top of the line camping gear and then some more affordable stuff for people like me.  Oh to be a mountain man again.
4	Didn't head here for anything in particular, I just love to check out the new & intriguing in outdoor gear. I really wasn't expecting much from this place, but instantly loved it when I walked in. It's almost like you're entering a lodge, with a big front porch, hardwood floors, & "big" atmosphere.They have quite a vast selection of goodies here for the outdoorsman in us all. If you're looking to head out on a hike, then this place has everything you need to get you & keep you going. From the clothes you'll need, to your tent, to your camping goods, they have it all. I was also impressed with their kayak section, which is pretty extensive. Not only do they have a vast selection in this huge store, they also have unique & intriguing items hard to find elsewhere.So if you're an outdoorsman, or looking to become one, then the Great Outdoor Provision Co has everything you need to get you going. I was very impressed with this store & could have spent quite a bit chunk of change here if I actually had some money.
4	I came here to look into kayaking equipment.  If you're ever interested in anything to do with kayaks, these are the people you want to talk to.  It seemed like every employee I talked to was a kayaking expert.  I was actually interested in taking a kayaking roll clinic that they offer at the aquatic center uptown.  When I asked about the class the guy who was helping me got all excited and immediately got me fitted in a kayak.  He was extremely knowledgeable and took a lot of time making sure I had just the right fit.  He was so into the sport he practically gave me a beginner course on the subject, kayaking 101.  Next, I made it to the counter to pay for my 2 hour roll clinic session and the total was only $10 which included all equipment (which they bring to the pool so all you have to do is show up) and one-on-one time with instructors in the pool.  Are you kidding me??  Only $10??  For the price I assumed the pool session probably wouldn't be all that informative but I was pleasantly surprised!  There were several instructors available and they spent most of their time with the newbies.  All the instructors were wonderful and within 30 minutes of being in the water in my kayak I was able to flip the kayak upside down (with my head under water) and maneuver myself back on top of the water with my paddle.  It's actually not that easy to do the first time around but the instructors were so great I caught right on.Besides just the kayaking stuff this store has a plethora of outdoor goodies.  We don't do a lot of the other outdoorsy-type stuff like camping, etc. but if we did this is definitely the store I would go to.  I'm not sure how their prices compare to other sporting goods stores like Dick's Sporting Goods, but if I'm new to the activity I'm buying gear for I wouldn't mind paying a few bucks extra for the excellent info and service provided by this store.
5	I love this place.  I go for fly fishing stuff and always find that the staff are helpful.  Of course they've got a nice selection of flies, and they're happy to give you a few tips about what's biting, where they're biting, and what they're biting on.It's nice to have this place nearby, because the only close alternative for fly fishing stuff seems to be Bass Pro Shops, and that place is just too much to deal with.
4	Ok, let's just put it out there - I'm not so much a mountain women. I've never gone fly fishing, nor do I camp very often. While I do love the outdoors, I don't get a chance to hike nearly as much as I would like. However, I do fully appreciate the knowledgeable staff and sweet selection at Great Outdoor Provision Co. I've walked by this store so many times on my way to its movie theater neighbor, but finally walked in yesterday. I was pleasantly surprised with the depth of equipment, offerings and staff knowledge for, well pretty much everything, outdoor related. I spied camping gear, hiking boots, running & active wear, fly fishing needs, kayak goods and more. It seems like they carry top notch brands too, like North Face, Patagonia, Teva & Mountainwear. It's refreshing to see a regional store with educated folks right here in Charlotte. Beats going big box any day!
4	Definitely a hidden gem. I happened upon this place when I was searching for the popular "five finger" shoes that are manufactured by Vibram.  At the time (this was about a year ago) stores were selling out and couldn't keep them in stock.  Not sure if they have that problem any more, but I really lucked out the day I visited this place.  They had about 2 pairs left and one was my size!The store clerk that helped me out was very nice and very knowledgeable about the product.  Apparently these shoes have been around for a while for boaters and hikers alike, they've just recently started into the running industry - jury is still out, but I see people in races with five fingers more often as time passes.Aside from their unique shoe selection, they have a variety of other items for kayaking, hiking, fishing, camping.... Really just an all around cool store to come in and browse every once in a while.  Oh it also looked like they had a good section of travel guides, maps, and books to help any adventurer enjoy the outdoors.
5	When I was getting ready to move to the Charlotte area I was so glad they had a Great Outdoor Provision Company - I had shopped at the Greensboro store and love both of them!  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  The plank wooden floors squeak and I love that!  This morning I was looking for collapsible coolers and they have then in very high quality!!!  Also I noticed some cool, rugged Camera Cases (small).  Great Store in Park Road Shopping Center.
4	YAY! A great outdoor store that isn't REI! The store was well organized just like many outdoor stores I've been to. The have a great selection as well. It isn't a mega-mall of outdoor supplies, but I guarantee you will find most of what you're looking for - including good prices. Like all stores, I'm sure there's a timing for the sales. Ask about the "Mule Team" point program. That might help those prices a little too. Brand selection: North Face, Patagonia, Columbia, Merrel, etc. This place is DOG FRIENDLY!! Bring in your pooch and look at some of their selection of toys, leashes, etc. They really want to meet the 100# Shepherd of ours. WOOF :)What's even better: the incredibly knowledgeable staff that actually gives two you know whats about your outdoor adventure and feeling comfortable in the process. Tell me you get that with your mega-mart chain store?Someone else said it: I've walked by and looked at the store from the outside numerous times. This time I made the unanamous decision.. I'm going in. And, I'm glad that I did. You shall be too.
4	You best be preparing for the upcoming pacalypse! Tents, stoves, bug out bags, and all around awesome man-stuff! I like to go in here and fiddle around with survival gear n junk. The staff is super friendly and always stare at me because I look like I'm gonna steal something. I haven't, yet. Support local business and drop by for a disc golf disc or kayak or ugly hiking shoes. You won't be disappointed.
4	WOW!  Boots to boats!!!  Everything you could possibly want for your favorite kayaker or hiker!  Located at Woodlawn and Park, the location has a huge parking lot so you never have to worry about finding a spot.  They have clothing, kayaking accessories and clothes, life vests, water-proof storage, camping gear, hammocks, fancy head tv cameras to tape your adventures.The staff is super helpful - i was a bit lost on what to get my nature-loving friends for Christmas.  They steered me in the right direction and stayed within my price range.  There are lots of expensive brands there like Patagonia.  I had never heard of this brand but it looks like high-quality outer-wear.  At Christmas-time they have free gift wrapping too!  Thanks guys!!
2	Local outdoor store with a small selection of clothes and gear. The selection for rock climbing gear was very limited. The store was clean and well organized. Prices were on par with MSRP. So, why two stars? Well, I don't particularly care for being followed around by employees as I peruse the store. I'll take my business elsewhere.
4	Didn't expect to see this place in the Charlotte Area.  Its a good local outdoor shop right off of park road.  They have a good selection of outdoor clothing and camping supplies.As far a activities, their specialty seems to be to supplying kayakers and other water activites.  They had lots of wetsuits, spray skirts, kayaks, and paddels.  The climbing gear selection was a bit sparse, but their isn't much need for them to supply that type of stuff.  However you can get cord and webbing cut to length here.Check them out if you need some type of camping or outdoor clothing needs.
5	GOPC has (I think) eight locations in NC and now Virginia. I've been to five of them and the experience has been consistently good across them all. I'll write this review for Charlotte, but it could apply to any store.Great Outdoor Provision Company is the kind of business you want in your town. They are very community oriented and strong supporters of various outdoor places and events (such as the Mountains-to-Sea Trail.) My hometown is not large enough for them to justify a location, but we are actively searching for someone interested in opening up this type of business.As for the store. It's a bit like the Mast General Store experience (for those of you who are familiar with that company.) The (intentionally) creaky wood floors fit perfectly with the outdoor, cabin-like theme. The staff is super knowledgeable and friendly. I have never experienced them being aggressive or hovering around me. I'm fairly certain that most if not all of the sales staff lives the lifestyle that GOPC sells and uses the products that are in the store.The product selection within categories (kayaks, clothing, tents, etc...) is pretty good for a retail store that covers so many different outdoor interests. The products they carry also tend to be dependable brands that stand behind what they manufacture. Some people might think the prices are high, but are not buying the cheap knockoffs you might find in a big box retailer, you're getting The North Face, GoPro, Black Diamond, etc... I put 2 $ for price because you rarely see the products they carry discounted anywhere, so they are on par with what I feel you can expect to pay.GOPC does not have a location within an hour of where I live, but I try to make it a point to swing by whenever I'm in one of the cities where they are located. If for nothing else, than to just browse around and see what's new.
