5	This place just opened and a friend and I stopped in for breakfast today. We were both very pleasantly surprised by the experience. I had an crepe omelette, with roasted chicken, avocado and spinach and it was fabulous. Eggs were fluffy, and the ingredients were of very high quality and ample - I needed to take half with me for lunch.  I lived in France for four years and have eaten at many creperies; this one is really impressive and worth supporting! My Cafe Latte was excellent as well.
5	I love this place. Great food and friendly service. Try the zucchini pancakes- they are super good.
4	Ducked in for a coffee and found a great French breakfast.  Little bit of Paris in Pittsburgh.
1	Let me be as constructive as possible. First the good: I think that they did a great job with their renovations. When Crepes Parisiennes had the spot it was sort of... dingy. The restaurant looks great, with nice stonework and a kind of owl theme going on.Another nice feature of this restaurant is that it is excellent at not being Pamela's. I've never really gotten the fuss over Pamela's and the lines seem to rival those at the Apple store. I was seated promptly.Other things done right: service was prompt and friendly, and the coffee was good.Now to the heart of the review: the food. Between myself and my dining companion we tried three dishes, the "Black and Rose" waffle, "the Ottawa", and the spinach, feta and goat cheese crepe. The spinach crepe was acceptable, but the waffle was bad, and the Ottawa was an affront to my Canadian heritage.The waffle was topped with chocolate, blackberries, and raspberries. The waffle itself was either stale or had a really dry dough--in my opinion vastly inferior to the waffles at either Waffallonia or either of the Brug(g)e(s).The Ottawa was a leathery crepe wrapped around unseasoned eggs. It was accompanied by a fruit salad that looked suspiciously canned, and cold bacon that I would have been disappointed to see emerge from my microwave on a paper towel. I left most of my meal which is, frankly, surprising because I am a long time member in the illustrious "Clean Plate Club".In summary, the food was bad enough that I will not return unless major changes are made.
5	Was on my way to Pamela's and decided to pop in here instead. It was a great decision. I had the Turkish Coffee and the Black Rose Waffle. I like strong, black coffee and the Turkish coffee did not disappoint. It was actually slightly sweet. With Turkish coffee and espresso sometimes sugar is a necessity, but not here.Now for the waffle. Another reviewer said his waffle tasted stale or dry. Yes the waffle was dense, with a crispy exterior. Could it possibly be a little lighter? Sure, but I wasn't at all put off by it. And besides with the fresh berries, the airy whipped cream and the amazing Belgian chocolate, the density of the waffle is a welcome contrast of texture.I'll be back with my family.
2	I was excited to see a new crepes/waffle place opening up...to replace a crepes and waffle place!  However, after trying both crepes and waffles I remain disappointed.  The waffle I ordered was mysteriously...not hot at all.  It was topped with grainy chocolate spread.  The crepe, while hot, was a little bland and soggy.  The ambience is nice and the La Prima coffee hit the spot, but I'd love to see improvements in the food before giving this windmill another whirl.
4	This is a great place for a crepe.  I went around the corner from Pamelas, and the salmon savory crepe was very good. The atmosphere is nice.  The wait staff is helpful and cheerful.  Keep up the good work.
5	I had an Alaskan and it was just phenomenal  taste , and great service.  I highly recommend this place ...
3	Love the design, but the food was meh. I had one of their savory crepes and it was just bland. It came with an avocado and it wasn't ripe enough. I've had waffles at this place before and they were yummy, plus the service is great - very friendly and fast.
2	As a Frenchman, I want to say that what this place offers is not even remotely close to savory French crepes. The so called "classic" section of the menu does not propose the basic ham-cheese-egg crepe. A quick chat with the owner revealed that he didn't even know that crepes are traditionally served with cider (note that I don't blame him for not serving alcohol). They use regular flour instead of buckwheat flour. The avocados in the Bristol crepe weren't ripe. The Alaskan crepe was OK.Positive notes: nice interior design and polite staff.
3	I've been here a few times, and both times have had pleasant experiences with the waitstaff and ambiance.Both times, I've only gotten sweet crepes for breakfast here.  They were quite tasty, with good presentation. However, I was kind of disappointed in the size of the serving for the price. I guess I look at crepes to France as tacos are to Mexico - inexpensive street food. I'll have to try some savory crepes - they look a bit bigger and more filling. The vegetarian selection isn't the greatest, though.
2	I def miss the old place.  They pack the patrons in here like it's NYC; yet completely ill-equipped to handle big crowds.  45 min wait for a crepe?!?  Really?
3	I ended up at Cafe Moulin because the wait at Pamela's was too long, and I thought it might be fun to try to something new. I ordered a sweet crepe that ended up being delicious and beautifully plated. However, I waited close to an hour to eat. I am not sure if I will be back if the service doesn't improve.
2	first, this place would have been three stars if not for the fact that it replaced crepes parisiennes...first, ambiance, if you don't care skip it. the renovations and location look good but now it's a completely sit down restaurant yyet still with a paper menu that you would expect of a suburban pizza joint. the place reeks of middle brown pretentions with little to back up it's nature. french people can be rude i am told but at least they make good food. further, mixed in are some of the alternative commercialized hipster movements such as a focus on italian coffees and water served not in a glass but rather a jar with a straw. this place is seeking a younger but classy ambiance and in my opinion falls flat for trying too hard. also the music was fairly lame, crepes parisiennes went the whole hog and played very french music, cafe moulin plays slow alt pop...still, good coffee and in a ceramic cup. so plus twenty points.as to the food, it seemed fitting that i would order my typical order at crepes parisiennes. i can't speak to moulin's sweet crepe, but their attempt of a tomato and cheese crepe was sub par. a tasteless crepe with cherry tomatoes and an overabundance of cheese to cover the lack of anything else. the cherry tomatoes make the mix less juicy as they retain much less water in cooking, further the cheese here was fattier leading it to remain rubbery at serving temperature. at one point i realized i was simply chewing a large chunk of cheese.did i have fun acting like a snoody critic right now? yes, so this was a bit meaner than my typical fare, but still i won't be back unless i just want something sweet and a cup of coffee, then maybe...
4	I like this place. Its a small cafe located by Walnut St. You get a french feel and I loved the crapes. I had their Walnut and cheese crape. It was franch, big crape with nice touch of syrup...
3	Meh, just not for me. The food was ok, and the coffee was ok. I had the Alaskan Crepe omelette... Contains smoke salmon, eggs, cream cheese, shallots, and some type of caper sauce. I opted out of the caper sauce and cream cheese. It also came with a side of greens with dressing. Maybe I'll opt for the sweeter more traditional crepes if I go again....
5	I love this place. As a college student who just came back from Paris, France. It brings back good memories! Dont forget to try the Laprima coffe!
5	I love this place. As a college student who just came back from Paris, France. It brings back good memories! Dont forget to try the Laprima coffee!
5	My girlfriend and I love this place! We've been here three times now and their crepes are consistently good, they have a fantastic selection of herbal teas and I just tried their French waffle and it was also pretty decent (although Liege waffles, as far as I am concerned, are best enjoyed by themselves). Their service is very Parisian in that it's not particularly speedy, but I don't really care - Cafe Moulin is a perfect place for a lazy breakfast, lunch or brunch and I will continue coming here as long as I live in Pittsburgh :)
4	Cafe moulin was pretty tasty but overpriced. I ordered the walnut street crepe which I enjoyed and my husband ordered a savory crepe that he said was okay. The trick to the best deal is to come here when you're craving a sweet breakfast I would say. The Nutella hot chocolate was sinful. I will definitely be going back to try some more!
5	We just came back from Paris and these Crepes matched anything we has there.  There was an old crepe place here my wife did not like but these folks are friendly and have a great sense of style and warmth.  We only wish it was open for dinner.   But please try this new place.  We had the Tahiti the Belgium and the French toast and each one was a winner
3	Got the Alaskan Crepes Omelette, was alright, no frills. The omelette part  is really tender and good, but didn't really like the salmon in them, a tad too salty for my taste, the coffee is nice. All in all wasn't that impressed.
5	Very nice staff. Strawberry/ chocolate crepe was amazing. Gave me complimentary coffee while I waited for my to go. Freshly brewed at that
1	This was our second visit to Cafe Moulin and the difference in service was night and day. I regret that I didn't write a positive review last time, but unfortunately this experience really outweighs that previous good one by a lot. The restaurant was not crowded but there was one table of four that was quite loud and an empty table in a quieter section. Previously we were told to sit where we please but today when we went toward the empty table we wanted we were told by the waitress that we had to sit in a specific table, namely one foot away from the loud group of four. My fiance and I couldn't really hear one another over them. It was hot inside the restaurant and while everyone else got ice water, we got moderately warm water. We even overheard her apologize to another table about the slightly warm ice water. When she came to take our order she had two glasses of ice water with her but specifically said that it is for another table, which was very strange to hear. My fiance ordered a savory crepe with salmon and cream cheese. I wanted to make a slight modification to the sweet crepe I ordered, subbing out white chocolate for just butter and maple syrup on top, but with the raspberry and mascarpone unchanged. She said this is not possible because the crepe is premade... which made no sense as there are two people right there making fresh crepes. I asked her to please check, and the chef said it is no problem and that nothing is premade. I would hope they aren't serving microwaved precooked crepes. She came back five minutes later again asking about my order if I wanted just a plain crepe with butter and maple since the one i ordered comes with raspberry the cheese. I said I want that stuff just with the substitution I requested. She went and said something to the chef which I could not hear but can only assume to have been to ignore what I ordered and just make it like the menu describes, because that is what I got. I ate it because I was starving and in a hurry but this treatment and service was awful compared to before.I'm not sure if we will be back. Bad service and waiters screwing up orders happen I know, but there's only so much I can put in a review and only so much a person can tolerate. I hope Cafe Moulin works with their wait staff a bit to improve consistency. It felt like we were receiving worse service based on our age, as the other clientele was older than us visibly and all received much more attentive service.
4	I dined at Cafe Moulin with my extremely picky grandmother. The fact that she was a fan of everything was enough to make it a great experience. I ordered the tomato and cheese crepe and it was delicious. The small salad was a great compliment to the crepe.
5	We gave Cafe Moulin a second chance. The manager replied to my previous review and requested we give them a second chance and assured us that things would be different and we wanted to give them another opportunity .We went this afternoon and things were different right from the start. We had the same waitress, who told us to sit anywhere we wish. We received cold water and each ordered a different ice tea.  Both were served promptly and were delicious. Our waitress was extremely friendly and took good care of us.I ordered the same crepe as last time, the Cheesecake, with the same request of no chocolate, and was told no problem. V ordered a savory crepe. Both came out exactly as ordered and delicious. Mine was so good that I even had some friendly assistance finishing it!Overall, this experience made up completely for what happened last time. The manager lived up to his word and delivered a great experience both in terms of service and food. I guess this goes to show that it is always worth giving a second chance, especially when management was so quick to apologize after our last experience instead of just dismissing our comments. I am not sure how review updates work, if this score will replace my old one as I hope or if I need to delete my previous review because I feel that it no longer represents this restaurant. All of the issues I mentioned in my first review have been addressed and corrected and I recommend Cafe Moulin to anyone who wants a nice crepe, savory or sweet, or a nice french toast. They have a great selection of tea, that they can serve iced (I am a tea fanatic) so give this cozy cafe a try.
3	Stopped in on a Monday--def no substitute for crepe Parisienne.Crepes are fine (pricier than LCP). Latte was very weak. Decor is... Kinda off.Other two people I were with said average,I'd say a bit below.
5	A great place to have breakfast, the crepes are made in the moment and the coffee is delicious. We went near thanksgiving so we got their delicious home made cranberry sauce. I highly recommend this place!
5	We ate here on Sunday afternoon on a short stay in Pittsburgh and I would definitely recommend it! It's a below ground place right in a cute shopping area with a cozy, warm feel. It looks like it could fill up quickly but we walked right in and were able to sit at the bar to eat. I had the Tivoli crepe with an egg and my boyfriend had the salmon crepe which were absolutely delicious; we were both members of the clean plate club within ten minutes, tops! Full selection of sweet and more meal-like crepes, check it out!
5	Had the Bristol crepe with goat cheese substituted for Brie, paired with a vanilla latte. Seriously some of the best food you can buy in this city... All for less than $15! Truly a gem with great service and great food. Highly recommend this place for anyone visiting or local.
3	The food is good. My friend and I enjoyed our crepes. We ordered Alaskan and Ottawa, both look fantastic and taste great!However, it took rather long (~30min) to get our food, and I have to ask for fork and knife. Kind of have the impression that our server was busy chatting with the staff most of the time. The other server realized our table was ignored (we sat right near the counter), and he promptly responded to some of our request. Would give 4-5 star if the service was better.
