3	Grade: C-I hate Applebee's. It only tasted good because I'm on a diet.
1	The epitome of a crap chain.  Why did I get talked into going here?  Because I am a tool.  Crowded, loud, mediocre food, slow service, and on this particular occasion a strange man two tables down and across the aisle staring at me and not his dining companion, during the entire meal.  I should have just yelled, "watch my head spin" and vomited there at the table.
2	It's an Applebee's...what do you expect?  Every Applebee's I've ever been to has sticky tables...must be something in how they are made or cleaned.  The shot glass desserts aren't bad, but if you go here, you know what you are getting in to.
1	My folks love this place and I can't imagine why.  I had the chicken wrap and it could not hold a candle to the wraps at the Great Dane.The fries are so overly seasoned they are almost impossible to eat without a huge glass of water.  Don't go there.
1	This needs no explanation.
4	Service has always been excellent. usually i go there just by myself but sever always pays a lot of attention to me. I am not a big fan of their steaks - i think they are not tender enough and a bit chewy. but the rest of the menu is amazing! try parmesan shrimp or their pasta bowls. 2 for 20$ including an appetizer - who doesn't love that? thei garlic mashd potatoes loaded with sour cream are very good too.
3	Always good service, never much of a wait.  Other than that, it's Applebee's...you should already know what to expect.
4	Service was great and quick. Our drinks arrived quick and our server Melissa had honest and accurate suggestions.  She was really friendly and fun!  Only problem was that it was really cold because of the air conditioning.  Otherwise it was a great experience!
3	The service was great, I love my server!
1	TERRIBLE!!!!!!I have been in the state for 4 months and this is the WORST restaurant choice we have made so far. I had a bad feeling and should have listened to my instinct. Wasted $40.Let me start by saying the host/hostess were the nicest staff at the place. My husband ordered the 7 oz sirloin with riblets, seasonal vegatables and mashed potatoes. The sirloin was mostly fat and rubbery. There was no meat to be eaten. It was just a hunk of fat. The riblets even had a weird smoke flavor that he compared to cigarette smoke. We do not go places looking for an all smiles server, but this guy did not smile and when he saw we were not enjoying our meal and my husband's plate was still full, he did not even ask if the food was okay or if there was something he could do. We don't like to complain and just were not in the mood to even let him or the manager know. I really did not expect the food to be so bad. I will stick to TGIFridays, Texas Roadhouse and Outback Steakhouse from now on;they never disappoint and we have no problem putting down $50 or $60 plus a $10+ tip. For the same $40 spent, we could have gotten a meal we actually enjoyed. The only good part was my daughter's chicken fingers, fries and pepsi. Sad. We will not be returning. For such a nice "looking" exterior, you would think they'd have more quality food and servers. I guess you get what you pay for..sadly.Do not go here! We will be voiding it like the plague.
3	Food was good.. A little disappointed in my Berry Sangria.. Wish it looked and tasted as good as the picture. Nothing stood out to me tho. I might go back for their cheese sticks tho:)
2	Last time I went I was very disappointed in the service. We had a large group so I can understand it taking a little longer than normal but our server took forever to ask us what we wanted to drink (we were a little later than the rest of the party who already had a drink). Also all the TVs were on a preface channel while there was another game that was actually on. I don't think I'd ever pick to go there again. Will only go if someone else wants to.
4	We like it here.  The two of us went in today for lunch and there was a short wait (15 minutes) so we decided to grab our drinks at the bar while we waited.  The Bartender was visually a bit flustered as there were three unsavory looking and sounding women seemingly trying his patience with their drinks and menu ordering.When her got to use I ordered a Cadillac Margarita on the Rocks in the Big glass and he got a tall Spotted Cow on tap.  I continued to be friendly to the Bartender as I know the type and he was tipped $3 for the drinks.  While we got down off our bar stools he did say 'thank you, enjoy your meals.'Our waitress was Tasha and she was very pleasant; we ordered the mozzarella sticks as an appetizer and chatted in between watching basketball and Men's gymnastics on one of their many TV's.   I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with the works (hold the cheese) and he ordered two (2) trios; one for now and one for later.The food was good, but the fries were sparse and non-crispy while they were seasoned OK.  He had another Spotted Cow and we cashed out.All in all another nice afternoon at Applebee's.
2	Another chain sit down by the mall,  but not at the top of my list. The food hasn't seemed to change since I've gone here except for less options.  Waiting for a table is common unless you go at really off peak times. Recently got a burger there. Asked for well done,  and burger arrived bloody and red.  Waiter took it back and about 5 minutes brought the same burger back and was still pink on the inside.  Was offered something else,  but the others I was with were already done.  Did get a coupon for a return visit. Good deal with the 2 for $20 and an app if your food is cooked right.
2	The bacon commercial with non stop fries, only says "HEART ATTACK!!!!!"   Thanks Applebee's
