4	The owner, Pushpa, is from eastern Nepal, so food is very authentic. Rup introduced himself as the manager.  The web site says Rup is a certified chef. The dining room is clean and spacious.  Come when you have a lot of time. Food is cooked to order. In fact, Ram, the waiter, advised calling ahead to have your meal waiting:  412-207-9638. A couple ladies at the next table had their meal packed up because they didn't have time to enjoy it once it was finally prepared. The milk tea (spicy) is delicious. I ordered tomato and mushroom soup and chau chau fried noodles.  Both were very tasty.  The food was slightly more oily and spicy than the typical American palette tolerates, but I found the food digested very well.  The restaurant has been open only 3 months.  Faster service would likely gain the fifth star.  For an authentic and delicious Nepali meal, try Everest Ethnic Restaurant.
3	Stopped by for lunch on a Saturday and were one of the only tables filled. There's a sign at the counter which says your wait time may be 5 minutes, so we grabbed menus and sat ourselves - hearing and smelling cooking from the kitchen area in the back. In a few minutes, a waiter came to take our drink order, followed by another waiter a few minutes later to take our food order. Unfortunately, they were out of mutton, but they did have eggs chow mein (in a spicy sauce), chicken curry momos (dumplings) with a flavorful ginger dipping sauce, and vegetable thukpa (a traditional Nepalese stew). The food was all pretty hearty comfort food - pleasantly spicy and filled with plenty of fresh vegetables. Everest is a surprisingly large strip mall restaurant out on 51. The atmosphere is pretty spartan and awkward, but I would be more than happy to go back for takeout or bring a bottle of wine (they are BYOB) and have a reasonable night out with a small group. (Almost everything on the menu is under $10.) Perhaps if they get more popular, they will fill their many tables and it will be a bustling fun place.
4	Everest is an authentic Nepali restaurant that specializes in both traditional Nepali food and Indian food.  My wife and I have been here twice and have stuck with the Nepali dishes.  We were not disappointed.  After trying both chicken momos and veggie momos, we decided that we prefer chicken momos fried ( you can also have them steamed. ) Ordering chau chau (veg or chicken) is a must on our list and we also enjoyed the thukpa.  This place is owned and staffed by Nepalis. The owner both cooks and serves tables.  He is starting out and is putting out a great product, eventually other logistics will come together and I am sure will warrant a 5th star.  On a final note, make sure to get the milk tea (chai)!
3	July 6th, 2014 - My first taste of Nepali dish at a Nepali Restaurant in Pittsburgh, PA after living in the city for more than a decade. Any my experience was just "A-OK". We were driving back from Ohiopyle from a long weekend of hiking and biking - when we decided to stop here for dinner. The restaurant sitting area and a "party hall" was being vacuumed as we walked in. I was told that a wedding party had just ended but the restaurant was still open for business. The restaurant has more of a cafeteria/dinner settings with a row of corner booths.Now comes the mouth watering part - which we were hoping for. Since it's supposed a Nepali Ethnic Restaurant, we chose to order only Nepali dish. We were a group of five - so we ordered the Non Veg Thali for 2 (chicken and mutton), chicken chowmein, Chicken Momo and Chicken curry with Rice. Apparently they were out of Chicken Momos so we got the Veg Momo instead. Everything seemed fresh and the Manager assured that everything was cooked fresh and from scratch. There's also several Indian Dish on the Menu which was a lot cheaper compared to the Nepali Dish which I can understand but the Thali in my opinion seemed a bit high. As a Nepalese and having cooked and tasted Nepali Dish myself - the food here was okay and authentic to some extend.Everyone working here was very friendly and the service was pretty good. My recommendation to fellow yelpers if you happen visit this place - stick to the Nepali Dish.
2	The food was overpriced for what we got, I ordered paneer tika masala for 10.99 (Tuesday lunchtime) and it was a lunch sized portion for a dinner sized prices. The onion bahji was overly salty and the atmosphere needs a lot of work. They are opening up a lunch buffet next week, so that might be better priced.
3	New restaurant on Route 51 across from Brentwood Towne Square.  The interior is stark but the food more makes up for the atmosphere.  The fried momos (dumplings) are super.  The chicken vindaloo is rich and flavorful.  The chau chau noodles were in an herby broth full of vegetables.  Both dinner entrees were delicious!  Get some naan bread too!
4	The food here was very fresh and tasty. I recommend ordering from the menu because the buffet, while fresh and delicious, has a much smaller selection than many are used to finding at, say an Indian Restaurant buffet. The food is really very, very good and I do recommend them if you'd like a flavorful dish. I found the menu to be very much what I often see at an Indian restaurant, perhaps I need to educate myself further, but I had thought that perhaps there would be some Tibetan food that I was unaware of.
5	The food here is great! Order the momos and you won't be disappointed! We typically go all vegetarian and it's delicious. I am so glad that the south Hills is finally getting an ethnic and good restaurant! We've taken our family members who are not "adventurous" eaters here and they liked it to. Come, eat and keep a great new local restaurant in business!
