4	When I lived in Los Angeles a year and a half ago, P F Chang's was no great shakes, one of millions of places with good but not outstanding stuff on the menu.Here in Pittsburgh, it's the only Chinese place I've found that combines genuinely good service with quality food.  Not, perhaps, as good as what you can get in LA's top places, but fantastic compared to its competition here.The Kung Pao chicken is particularly good, with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles.  Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.Their fried noodle dish with chicken, whose name I have forgotten, is addictive but has an odd sauce I don't quite like.  Still, they get the friedness of the noodles right, and there are precious few ... ahem ... no other restaurants around here that do.Portions are small, so either plan to get an appetizer and an entree or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came.  The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.If you live in LA, forget P F Chang's.  If you live in NYC, I'm sure there are a dozen better places on a single block.  But here in Pittsburgh, it's just about the best place around.
1	I hate this place.It's very loud, the service is very poor, and the food is so-so.If you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh, try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter, with very good food & service.
5	Any place that accommodates with a special dietary menu for a little known disease gets five stars from me.  P.F. Chang's has a dedicated Gluten-Free Menu for those of us who suffer from celiac disease.  They also make sure to clean down the area they prepare the specialty dinner so as to avoid cross-contamination.  I don't know many other restaurants that go this far.Aside from the menu preference, I enjoy my overall experience every time.  Their menu is a bit different than that of what most people will be used to if you regularly eat a Chinese Take-Out or Buffet joints.  Don't expect this to be at all like that.  It's not a Buffet.  They don't sell "General Tso's" (though Chang's Spicy Chicken is recommended for those looking for something similar, it's my personal favorite) or other signature foods that you may expect.  They do sell very similar items with different names and a few of their own adjustments, just make sure to read the menu description and ask questions if you are not sure.  They also sell Sake, I believe they have a few different types.  The prices can get a bit more expensive than your average Chinese Restaurant depending on what you get but it's well worth it.  Portions are excellent and the taste is great.  I've yet to have one complaint and I have frequented this establishment several times over the span of a few years.The only downside, it can be a little crowded and a bit loud.  It's also very dark because of their lighting.  However, I think it sets the atmosphere.  It can be a romantic place or a casual place, I've been there for both.
3	Wasn't terrible,But certainly wasn't great.Save your hard-earned cash.
2	REDO!I went to PF Chang's several years ago and was NOT pleased with the food that was presented to me.  My issue: I thought I was getting Chinese food.  My resolution: Try this restaurant again knowing that it is just reinvented American food with names of those Chinese dishes I actually like to eat.So we returned to PF Chang's for lunch to try this American food in this caricature of a Chinese restaurant.  There were very few people in the restaurant.  The two of us were seated in the largest corner booth and left to review our menus.  When our waitress finally arrived we ordered the following items:Coca ColaIced TeaPan fried pork dumplingsSesame chicken lunch with white rice and egg drop soupChangs chicken with white riceOur drinks and my soup came out immediately.  Unfortunately I was brought the wrong soup and the server had disappeared before I had a chance to say anything.  I could see her across the barren wasteland that was the dining room and we even made eye contact several times, but at no point could I get her to come back to my table.  I tried the soup and was disgusted with it and placed it at the end of the table.  I didn't know what it was and didn't want to know.  Almost ten minutes later she arrived quite happy with the job she was doing and asked how the food was.  I asked if she could bring out some egg drop soup. I didn't expect to get the stink-eye.My egg drop soup was brought out with the dumplings as well as the caddy of different sauces and oils.  The server really wasn't that into the experience, but again gave me the stink-eye when I told her that mixing the sauces was unnecessary since I knew what each of them was and would be able to mix them myself.  I mixed the rice vinegar, chili oil, chili paste, and soy sauce (my guess is that it was supposed to be tamari) to create a dipping sauce for our dumplings. I took a bite of the soup and it was somewhat better than the other soup, but it was still brown.  I ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server.  It was thick and gooey and the flavor didn't wow.  I saw no reason to continue.  I moved on to the dumplings, which had an okay flavor to them.  The skins were a bit thick and doughy.  The meat on the inside did not balance this attribute at all.  The sauce tasted a little odd so I tried to remix and it was still off.  I tried the components individually and found that some of them were either old, stale, or rancid.  We finished our dumplings.Our lunch entrees arrived.  I had ordered mine extra-spicy, but I guess it came Pittsburgh Hot (super mild) and had a lackluster flavor at best.  The meat was tough and the sauce tasted of soy sauce more than anything else.  I tried some of Chang's chicken and was equally mollified.  This was supposed to be their version of General Tso's Chicken.  Now I have never had a General's chicken that was the same at any place.  It is always different.  Many of them are good in different ways.  This food, though, it wasn't good.  Chang's chicken fell into the same category as the Sesame Chicken -- since it tasted mainly of soy sauce -- with the addition sugar.  I just don't understand how anyone can like this place.  Even the Yoshida Sauce you get at Sam's/Costco tastes better.
1	Honestly, I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area, and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year, we have tried repeatedly, but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early, late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude, and the wait was too long.Tonight, we had a special date planned, and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time, waited in the line to see the front staff, and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.I imagined a short wait, so we went outside, crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed, it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).After 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.What on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor them?The food here is good, but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better, the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh, and the local place was a much more reasonable price.We certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.
2	Stars are for the food only.    2.5 ratingGot there at 8pm on Saturday night, they told us it was an hour wait which was expected, but it only took 30minutes to be seated so that was a bonus.  Started off with the lettuce wraps and i used to be a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now(FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake factory).  I had the Singapore rice noodles.  This was so so as i thought immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better.  The fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw.   Some good notes were the Dynamite shrimp, plump, juicy, tangy with a small kick.    Sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick. The service was annoying.   We were there less than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in a rush to get us out of there.   Constantly asking if he could remove my plate.  I had to sternly say at one point that I will let you know when i am finished.  I found it rude especially since  there wasn't even a line at this point.  I think we will travel elsewhere following a movie.  The result never quite met the anticipation.
4	I like PF Changs.I think I've only been here a total of three times (twice it was take out), and I only get vegetarian dishes, but what I've had has been pretty tasty.I would definitely eat here again.
4	I am writing this from the standpoint of someone who can't eat real Chinese food because of gluten issues. That said, I am loving me some gluten-free Chinese food here! If the gf issue didn't exist, though, why bother when you can get real, honest, non-chain GREAT Chinese so many wonderful places in the Burgh?!  But average Chinese is better than NO Chinese if gluten is an issue so thank you Mr. Chang!
4	Pretty Good Stuff!PROS:Nice bar areaCool ambiancenice dishes with good flavorsCONS:Pricey for "just chinese food"typically a rather long wait, especially on weekends.Very difficult to even get noticed by the bartenders once its busy at the bar area.Suggestions:Lettuce Wraps (just get this as you meal!  LOL)Fat Cat Martini (OMG, YUMMMMM!)Pot Stickers
4	Our go to place at the waterfront. We usually order the crispy green beans as an app., they are always fried just right and never really greasy. As an entree I always get coconut curry tofu, the veggies are bright and crisp (no open pea pods or limp broccoli!) And the tofu is simply delightful. Always consistent. Never disappointing
3	Went there for lunch and had a decent meal.  While the Mongolian Beef was beyond excellent, the Moo Goo Gai Pan was average (although I did enjoy the shrimp in it).  Service was fine and decor is pleasant.  For some reason I'm just not in the mood to write a detailed review - please accept my apologies.
2	Sadly I've been here a few times because it's a crowd pleaser when my girlfriend's parents come down to visit. There's nothing really WRONG with it. The portions are big and the food is "alright" and the interior gives you the superficial impression that you're encountering fine dining.The food is sooooo bland though. Everything you get at P.F. Chang's you can get elsewhere in Pittsburgh at a much lower cost and it'll be made with more precision and have better flavor. The honey chicken at P.F. Chang's was so mediocre all I could think about while eating it was heading over to Wai Wai in Bloomfield and getting a tastier order of it for 8 bucks.Last time we were there the server was horrendous as well. I don't think I've ever felt as awkward at a restaurant. He brought my girlfriend's father (Don) his unsweetened tea then told him he didn't bring sugar because he asked for it sweetened and then did not understand the concept of sweetening it yourself. He then got all huffy when Don kept asking for it and actually seemed angry at us. When he came back to take our order Don ordered for himself and his wife and before Janey (my girlfriend) and I could order he had already started to walk away. We actually had to yell out to get him to come back and finish our order. (not in an uncivilized or malicious way, either) After that he must have thought we were terrible diners (I don't think I've ever been impolite to someone who is currently at work, or ANYONE for that matter) and he showed it by being silent and plopping things down in a passive aggressive way. It was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died.Obviously the attitude of one idiot who can't hide his bad day well doesn't really have anything to do with the restaurant. But it's soooooo bland! Go somewhere else for Chinese! Look up Chinese on Urbanspoon and it'll give you a variety of good, local places to choose from at half the price.
4	My vegan friend, Deb, turned me onto the fact that one can dine at PF Chang's and stay on a vegan diet.Vegan friend Deb (VFD) asked the waitress if they could prepare a version of the famous chicken and lettuce wraps. The waitress without hesitation proclaimed they always had a vegan version, but it was never put on the menu.Warning: even though it's vegan, it still contains the same amount of salt that was reported on all the news channels when the salt, fat, and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public. The vegan version is just as delicious and the chicken.They also have vegan dishes like string beans and garlic, eggplant and garlic, and a few dishes with tofu and vegetables.I always loved the fact PF Chang's offered brown rice. That nutty flavor goes so well with their meals.The service staff at Chang's is always top shelf, I've never had a bad time here and love when we go.
4	We visitied PF Changs on Sunday with a large group of 20 people.  Although they had to split the tables - everything was delicious!We enjoyed everything from the spring rolls and chicken lettuce wraps...to the mooshu that they made special vegetarian for one of the guests...to the fried banana dessert!if you are with a group, and you want dessert - get the fried bananas!  They come wrapped in a spring roll wrapper and with coconut/pineapple ice cream.Overall, we had a great time and would come back here again.
3	I've had PF Changs both in Pgh and KC and honestly, I'm never been disappointed nor elated with the food. It's 'upscale' Ameri-Chinese food. You don't come here seeking 'authentic' Asian staples; it's all changed to some degree to suit American taste buds... nothing wrong with that, imo. Do I even know what 'authentic' Chinese food is? Yes, sortuv, somewhat. Will I stop putting quotes around 'everything'? Definitely not!It was 45 min from closing time when we (party of 6) rushed in on a weeknight; got seated, ordered and ate without feeling rushed by the staff.This particular PF Changs, on the Homestead Waterfront, had fast and friendly service, though he forgot our order of asparagus. We sampled everything from the the Szechuan shrimp to the Mongolian beef to the Dan Dan Noodles. Good flavors, nothing that stepped out in the crowd.I don't come here all that often but when I do, I invariably leave feeling satisfied and full.
4	So I have never been to P.F. Chang's before since I'm Chinese and I'm not a huge fan of eating at Chinese/American restaurants when I can eat delicious authentic Chinese food at home (courtesy of my momma). My boyfriend and I were at Dave & Busters and weren't in the mood for American food, which was what we were all surrounded by so I decided to give P.F. Chang's a try. We came on a Saturday night without reservations, so we had to wait 45min :( Luckily time went by fast while I was on my phone looking at the Yelp reviews for this place. When we were seated, we ordered immediately and our server was very friendly. We got the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer and then the Dan Dan noodles and Shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce. The food came out quick which was a huge plus considering how busy they were. The calamari was okay. I felt like the strips were cut too thin and we should have received more. The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful. I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them. The shrimp was cooked well and was also good. Overall I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I'm ever in the mood for Chinese/American food.
3	LOVE the food!!!!!! Try the bomb pop martini. The service has definitely Gone down hill in the past year. And when I've  told the manger he just doesn't give a shit.  It's either hit Or miss with service. But food is ALWAYS GOOD
2	The service was lackluster. Coffee was warm but delicious. Limited to one cup, apparently, as the waitress never offered a second.Daughter had sweet and sour shrimp. Wife had spicy chicken. I had wonton soup. Dumplings as an appetizer for the table. All arrived warm. The brown rice was dry as sand and the white rice was delayed by rice cooker problems. Also dry as sand. I guess that is how they serve it.The base flavors for the shrimp and chicken were nearly identical. I had expected them to be more diverse. In all, expectations were not met for what is advertised as upscale. I'd rather have the local Chinese cuisine which more flavorful, and much less expensive.
3	First time eating at PF Chang- thought the food was fine but I'd rather go to an authentic Chinese restaurant any day. It felt like a Chinese version of the Cheesecake factory.  Anyway, it was a Saturday, late afternoon, and despite lots of empty tables we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated and after that waited 30 min  for our food.  I don't know if they were just short staffed the day we went but I wasn't impressed with the service.Some nice items on the menu include the lettuce wraps and the salt and pepper calamari, which comes with a separate dish of salt and pepper for dipping. The sesame chicken was also very good.  Other things were fine, just not memorable.  I think this is an OK place to eat if you happen to be shopping at the Waterfront and don't mind spending a little time over lunch or dinner. If you want to get in and out in a hurry, don't come here.
1	This was my first time at this PF Chang's and I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. They were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music?! Come on--this is an "Asian Bistro."
3	I was unimpressed with my food and I am even more sad to see, now that P.F Chang's mass produces frozen dinners. This is about as far away from Chinese food you can get, unless of course you are eating microwaved warmed shrimp fried rice. The restaurant is cluttered and the music was up so loud.  I had to yell to carry on a conversation. P.F Chang's in the Waterfront is a unmemorable experience. Maybe I would have better luck microwaving my own meal at home?
2	I really enjoyed my Mongolian beef and pork pot stickers, but There was NO presentation of pfc mixing sauces. One of the things that sets pfc apart from the run of the mill Non franchise is PRESENTATION and experience.  I was extremely disappointed by the LACK of presentation. Reservations:Our party arrived about 15 minutes before our 5:30 reservations.At 6:11 we were informed our reserved table had been given to another party . Obviously someone dropped the ball here.....When we requested silverware for the table. Our waitress blamed it on the hostess. Yes, theHostess should have provided silverware.. However It was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck. As a Patron I could care less who's fault it is; just $@&&@in fix it. Defiantly took away from my pfc experience.My Hot and sour soup is usally served with"noodley" things that I drop in the soup. We weren't given any "noodley " things . Not trying to be a jerk but all things being equal the pfc isn't selling food as much as they are selling an experience. This experience is what sets this restaurant apart.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. I wish I could give 2.5 stars, but I'm in a good mood so I'm rounding up today. This was my first time here and I honestly wasn't sure what to expect. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the layout of the dining area. It seemed less intimate than I had pictured in my mind. The tables were all jammed together and the restaurant had a crowded feel to it. Fortunately, there wasn't a long wait as we had made a reservation. We were seated at a table in the middle of the dining room alongside a busy throughway. It seemed all the servers were destined to walk past our table. I appreciated that their menu pointed out that their meals were "meant to be shared." My wife and I decided to share our two meals: Chang's Spicy Chicken and Double Pan Fried Noodles. Before our meal came out our waitress set some sauces on the table in a "here's your sauce" kind of way. I remember thinking, "That's very nice, but I have no idea why you just gave us sauce." There was no explanation - just a little tray of sauces. Our food came out and she finally asked if we like mild, medium, or hot sauce. We picked medium and, with a few scoops, she turned our three sauces into three mixed sauces and I still didn't know what they were for. Forget the sauce though, my attention was now drawn to our meal. For meals that were "meant to be shared" these sure are little portions. I guess when you go for that high-end presentation you can charge 50% more for 50% less. The food itself was good (in an ok sort of way). I can't say it was the best I've had, but it was good enough. Overall I thought the experience was lacking. P.F. Chang's tries to be classy, but does it in a cafeteria sort of way. I was constantly distracted by the front doors opening and icy air pouring across the room. The music didn't fit the ambiance. Our table felt like it was in the middle of the road. The restaurant was loud and crowded. The girls at the table next to us were taking those annoying duck-face puckered lip pictures...  I think our experience may have been different if we were seated at one of the booths along the side of the restaurant, but no such luck.
3	Surprised how empty the restaurant was tonight.   First time at this location.  Great service, but wasn't hard to do.....Had a combination Orange Shrimp and Chicken and Chicken Fried Rice.  It was typical PF Changs (Very good).  You can get the Fried Rice off the kids menu for $2.95 versus $8 for a big bowl off the regular menu.
2	Let me start by saying that I do like their food. Last night I went with my wife and two guests. The apps came out fast and were fantastic. Dinner on the other hand, didn't come out quickly at all. The rice was undercooked, and we told our server. He set the rice on the empty table next to us and forgot to bring a new order. By the time I was almost finished with my meal, another server came over and they brought back another bowl of crunchy white rice.(is that the way rice is prepared now?)I ordered the chocolate cake. I asked for a container to take half home. The server brought out a small container and when I asked for a larger one, she said we can just squeeze it in there, and started to flatten the cake. She then realized that a larger one would be better.4 people, not crowded...2 hours total.
4	My daughter & I enjoy  PF Chang's each time we dine there together. I am in Love with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps delicious! It is always a wonderful experience!
2	ok so i've eaten here more than once but just thought to write a review on it. now, i'll be honest this is the only one i've ever been to, so i don't know if they're all the same but every time i'm underwhelmed. i get there, look at their giant selection and get excited. then i get my meal and remember that i've never had anything too great. don't get me wrong, it's not bad, but for how much they charge, they really need to step it up or at least give me a huge portion. just saying...
2	Our last few visits have left something to desire, One of the things I always notice is the demeanor of an establishments employees. These people look miserable, no one smiles or greets you appropriately, it's more like get in, get out, turn the tables,The food has remained consistently good... when we can order it. the last time JB and I came for a quick dinner, the place was not busy yet we were passed by 6 frowning waitstaff without getting drinks... for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table (HINT, HINT) so we left and most likely will not be returning.
2	If you look at other reviews you will see that I am a very positive person, but tonight was an utter disaster!!  We sat at the bar and the female bartender  was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did.  She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took 3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out.  She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar.  Finally a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and guess what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management!! We will never return. I will give it 2 stars because the food was great, but the employees are absolutely miserably from hostess to waiters to bartenders. Steer clear until changes are made. It's not worth the headache.
4	A big thank you to Chad Cynamom, manager at PF Chang's for making our anniversary night so special.  He seated us, brought us drinks and told us about the menu.  Every time my fiance and I go to this PF Chang's, we get the best service.  Food isn't the most authentic chinese food we've ever had, hence the 4 stars.  It is a bit overpriced as well, but the service makes up for it.
3	Came out here with my parents to have dinner.  I have to say that our meal was all around worth a 4 star rating, but the lousy attitude of the hostess and the man behind the desk who seemed to be in charge quickly lowered that rating.  Our food was pretty good.  The lettuce wraps are usually my favorite part, and this time it was no different.  My mom's fried fish peices and veggies was also delicious.  However, my $19 Mahi Mahi was pretty much like eating air... there was seriously no taste at all, and it was tiny!  I found myself adding all the extra sauces on the table just to try to give it some dang flavoring.If I was you, I would order lettuce wraps for an app and lettuce wraps for your meal.  If you have room, lettuce wraps for dessert, too.  Oh yeah, and to drink, lettuce wraps.
4	singapore street noodles.  The end
1	Rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring  rolls Below par on every way.  No experience needed to work here
1	Walked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!
4	The service started out slow, but they eventually picked up the pace. We ordered the chicken/lettuce wrap appetizer, and we enjoyed it. For the entres, we had the fried rice and mongolian beef, both of which were delightful. I would not mind going back to explore their menu.
5	We recently went here for a group dinner with friends.  I am unable to eat gluten and my server (Denice) was knowledgable and brought me special sauces as not to irritate my allergies.  She was amazingly accommodating and when my meal was too spicy (which was totally my fault) she got me something else.  I had the GF beef with broccoli and it was amazing.  She was personable and friendly and went beyond expectations to make sure our table enjoyed themselves.  We were there for a while and were all on separate checks.  I've been to eateries before where that was treated with great disdain.  Never once did I feel unwelcome.  I will go out of my way to eat here again.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, little on the loud side but they have turned down the music since the last time we were here so it's much better, good service.
4	Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive!
4	I usually have fair experiences with this PF Changs. I've been inside the restaurant, and have used the curbside to go service. I finally decided to review this based on my most recent experience.I can't remember her name, but whomever worked curbside to go on Oct 30, 2013 around 6:30PM deserves a mention. She was very nice, and provided us with the exact amount of condiments we listed on the online order form. They're usually stingy with the chili and hot mustard sauces! She also gave us a couple other sauces to try (not sure which ones), but these were very good. The food here is always in point. I like to get the edamame, sesame chicken with brown rice, and the flour less chocolate dome! I'm reducing a star because of past experiences with service.
3	I've heard it's very much a chain and that it's not at all authentic Chinese food, however despite all that I have to admit the food was good and the service was excellent.  There is quite a disconnect with the loud Rock music played in the dining room and the serene Chinese decor, but I figure it works for somebody!  I ordered the Ginger Chicken with Broccoli and the meal was quite tasty.  The prices are quite reasonable.  Just as long as you are not looking for authentic Chinese dishes, this restaurant will definitely serve in a pinch.
4	Really awesome food and amazing customer service. I really enjoyed my experience here if I am back in the area I will be certain to come back to this location.
2	I seriously don't know why people love this place so much, the food here is horrible. The rice is never cooked properly.. And it's not even Asian food. It's fake asian food. I never come here anymore.
5	I will say make a reservation since it's pretty busy on a weekend!  We got seated quickly with a reservation.  Our server was excellent despite how busy it was.  He was also helpful with recommendations and let me sample a couple wines before picking a bottle.  The manager was also great.  We weren't in love with one of the dishes and the manager came out and talked to us about what we were looking for and gave us a complimentary order of what he recommended.  I will say this - they know how to treat their customers. We'll definitely be back :)
4	First, this is a big chain - not my favorite type of eatery.  For me, four stars is max for this type of establishment for the simple reason that no one has license to create anything truly unique...However!  The Chilean Sea Bass Marinated in Oolong Tea is freakin' fantastic!  10+Now - everyone was happy with their meals and let me tell you it was a ridiculously busy night, servers were threading their way through patrons waiting to be seated and our service was very good.I've been to PFC Vegas and PFC NYC - our Homestead PFC definitely beats them both.  So many great little places to try in the 'Burgh, but I wouldn't resist going back to this particular PFC.
4	Once you go Pei Wei, you never go.... PF Chang's (if you can help it). Pei Wei is Chang's super convenient and cost friendly fast casual eatery that started infiltrating the Detroit market in 2007. Subsequently, that was the last time I stepped into a PF Changs until I recently moved back to Pittsburgh. Going from a Pei Wei to a PF Chang's is like watching paint dry or sitting in rush hour traffic or attending a WNBA game; it's so methodical and time consuming.On our last visit to this location we were accidentally sat in a section in which the server had been cut from his/her shift. By the time we flagged down a server and everything was sorted out, we could have been halfway through our meals at Pei Wei.  Add in the wait time for a table, the sauces shtick, and presentation of the check and my head's about to explode. Chang's is more paced for retires and people on dates, not my lifestyle. I get it, it's a me problem.With that said, the staff is very nice and helpful at this location (star). I can get a beer or alcoholic beverage while I wait (something that's not an option at Pei Wei) (star).Plymouth Gin is stocked behind the bar - that's a chain first! (star).I found a dish I love not available at Pei Wei - Salt and Pepper Prawns (star). So until I get sick of the Prawns or a Pei Wei opens in the Pittsburgh market, I'll continue to go to this location.
5	I ordered dinner one day and was very satisfied after my dinner.The food was delicious. I enjoyed it some much I bought lunch there the following day.The is now one of my best places to eat.I would recommend P.F. Chang's China Bistro to everyone.
4	We had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience was much improved. There was no crowd to fight and we weren't seated near the door as we were last time. As I expected, getting a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for a much nicer dining experience. Our service was good and they accommodated our 1 year old nicely. I appreciate that they serve steamed veggies on the kids menu. I still left with the impression that the serving sizes were small in comparison to most other places, but we were satisfied and happy.
4	Went here for lunch yesterday with a friend and it was so yummy! Started out with chicken lettuce wraps and it was totally hitting the hungry spot! Lol. Tried chicken lettuce wrap at my places but this place is one of my fave. Their wonton shop is also full of chicken chunks and shrimps as well... which is different bc you don't normally get all that in a wonton soup bowl.  By the time we ate the lettuce wraps and our soups, we were almost full. LOVE the way their Mongolian beef is made here and my friend had the crispy honey shrimp and it was so yummy as well. Definitely will be back because this place is clean, service is quick, food is delicious, and the price isn't so bad either.
1	We went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience!!! after waiting over one hour to be seated, we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce . After a long wait my food came so salty that I could not even eat and as much as I hate to complain but I had to let the waiter know, so he went to get me one with less salt. My husband's dish was OK. then the second one was a bit less salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach. I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :(
1	Let me start off by saying I have mostly simple tastes, and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations, I was forced to try something new.So... I thought I'd try the chain PF Chang's Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow, what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.I started with a cup of their Wonton soup. At $2.95 it wasn't too outrageous of a price, the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than I was used to, including three giant basil (I think?) leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken, two shrimp, some sliced water chestnuts and two "pork"-filled wontons. As I said, the broth had decent flavor, but the wontons were thick, doughy and under-cooked, and the chicken chunks were dry, which is amazing since they were drowned in broth! On a scale of bad to good, it was kind of meh.Next came my "lunch-portion" order of Chang's Kung Pao Chicken (the dinner portion is $5 more). At the New Dumpling House, this dish is served with a delectable dark, rich, tangy sauce, which I was really hoping for... Not at PF Chang's. On my plate I received about 8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken, 7 hot Chinese red chili peppers (mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce), a handful of blanched, unsalted peanuts, a few sliced scallions, and a bed of the most bland brown rice I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would've been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.Glaringly, there was NO SAUCE!. None at all.I've had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City, San Francisco, and even from a hole in the wall in Bethel Park, PA that was much, much better. Never have I had it served in such a bland, skimpy, and overpriced way! The "lunch-portion" cost was $9.95.At The New Dumpling House, I could have a delicious lunch, with soup, entree and complimentary hot tea, and I could leave satisfied with just $8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.The service was decent. However, lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs.
3	I'm not really into chain restaurants but my mom's in town so.... You know. The mains are basically a half notch classier than a Chinese take out but I'm just not impressed. $15 for a small portion of orange chicken that is about as good as a cheap takeout seems silly. Where I think the restaurant really underwhelms is the soups and salads, I know it isn't the focus of the restaurant but the lunch sides that precede the lunch entrees are just bad. The salad lacks any creativity and the soup was just a bowl of salty beef water.
3	Still good food but I find that more times than not when we go we have to ask for clean dishes or silverware. I have found this whether we are at the Waterfront location or the Robinson location. Maybe they need a new contract with a new appliance company.
4	This is the fourth Changs I've eat ate. It was pretty good. The food was kinda like it had been previously frozen. Had a strange texture. Some of the changs chicken pieces was stuck together and the breading on the sweet and sour chicken was mushy and falling off the chicken. Overall still pretty good. Would eat at this one again.
3	My wife and I came here a few years ago and you couldn't get in the door because of the line. This was the hottest new place on the restaurant scene and everyone wanted to try it. Fast forward to present day and you'd never believe that was ever the case. Chang's is poorly set up as one large open room that's rather noisy. Food came out quickly but was not as good as the Chinese take out we get from sesame inn. Spicy chicken was neither spicy nor very flavorful and had a mass-produced feel to it. Took half home to eat the next day but ended up throwing it out a few days later. Normally one of the great thing about getting Chinese is looking forward to the leftovers the next day!   Another minus was noticing how dirty the floor was on the way back to the bathroom. I don't expect a place to be immaculate in the middle of dinner service but this looked like the mcdonalds on Smithfield downtown.The one bright spot was our waitress was very good and kept our water glasses filled. We just came from kennywood so we went through quite a few fill ups during our time there. Short of this, I'd probably give Changs two stars. Probably last time I'll stop in here unless I can't get in to any restaurants in the area and need a place I know won't be too busy.
5	Our family loves this restaurant.  My children and I suffer from food allergies.   I have Celiac's Disease and their gluten free selection for a Chinese restaurant is great.  My children are a completely different ball game.  They have a rare disease called Eosinophilic Esophagitus where food attacks their body.  They are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten, soy, eggs, dairy, nuts, tree nuts, fish, shellfish, amd corn.  This restaurant takes special care of my kids by making sure they get chicken that has not gone through the egg wash.  The servers and managers are all trained in how to be careful.  Our favorite manager is Joe and favorite server is Kevin.  Call ahead if you have any questions and they will answer your questions.
5	This place hit the spot. Stopped here before a movie and ate at the bar. We got just what we wanted: quick service and some good eats. I recommend the fried green beans with aioli  -- soooo good! Who knew I liked green beans?! And this trip I tried some sushi and got the spicy tuna roll. Although it was clearly not pieced together by an expert sushi chef, it was extremely fresh and delish (so who cares if it's not beautiful?!)
4	Excellent beef with pepper and onions. Waiter made a good wine choice. Fastest food delivery, less than 5 minutes, honest. Both meals less than $30, in and out in 45 minutes.
