5	With my recent shipment of liquid from Pink Spot came an attached handwritten note about a new store in town that would be carrying their products. Excited about a local distributor I had to check it out. And wow, I was pretty impressed when walking into Vape Escapes right off the bat! The store was large, beautiful, and unlike any I have ever seen. I met the owners, both very friendly, as well as "Bish" whom some may recognize from his online video reviews. Just as my note had led me to believe, they offered the full line of Pink Spot flavors! Not only did i stock up on my favorite flavors, without shipping costs, i was able to sample many others that I had been curious about. I did not spend too much time looking at equipment as I was on a lunch break, but was impressed with what I saw. Genuine products, quality brands, and fair prices. From what I could tell, Vape Escapes should be a major player in the industry for a long time to come. Pink Spot juices, their own line to come, a super inviting atmosphere and nice people. Highly encourage all vapors to check this spot out, and best of luck to the owners! Also, sounds like some big things planned for next months official "grand opening."
1	I walked in to the store and went straight to the juice bar where I was greeted by a pretty lady with a cute smile. I was trying a couple of the flavors out when someone asked me abut the itaste SVD mod and iclear30 I had on top and where to get replacement coils for it. I advised that I didn't see any there but I know that they can be found at a very affordable price at Butt Out in central Phoenix. The nice lady said that they did in fact carry them as well. I decided that I wanted a couple 18350 batteries and a few replacement coils. The pretty lady told me that I needed to go see "Bish" about the hardware. When I got "Bish's" attention I told him that I wanted 2 12ml bottles of juice, 2 18350 batteries and 5 replacement coils for the iclear30. This guy looked at me like I had just spouted out inflammatory comments about his mother. The look he gave me was utterly disrespectful. He proceeded to tell me how he runs a juice bar and doesn't deal in hardware and why would he have something like that. Then gave me another messed up look and turned around and walked away. I assume he was getting the juices that I asked for. Another patron standing behind me asked me if that really just happened, if this store owner had just treated me that way. The patron having confirmed that I wasn't just seeing things, I decided to just leave before I lost control per the disrespectful display. I will not be going back, none of my friends will be going here, none of my colleagues will be going here and I will make sure that everyone that asks my opinion hears my story. I guess that being a washed up nobody of a radio personality wasn't bad enough but now he thinks he gets to be a tool in person too. This store is a subsidiary of Pink Spot Vapors. I guess this is the kind of people they want working for them. For me? No thank you. I'll Pass and I think you should too.
5	I dropped by Vape Escapes on the day of their grand opening. The place was PACKED like literally elbow to elbow. As i looked around the shop to see what they had, and even though it was insanely busy this particular day, the sales people were all very nice and helpful asking if i wanted to check anything out or if i was looking for something in particular. I really love the fact that they have a "Juice Bar" so you can sample all of the flavors before you buy them. They carry Pink Spot which is awesome :) They also have a great selection of advanced devices like mods and such (and they carry my hard to find 18490s!), but also stuff for people just starting like starter kits. I actually sent a friend in there because she needed an upgrade to her vaping gear and she left very happy as well. Friendly staff, good juice, and tons of toys. I'll be back for sure.
5	Vape Escapes is the best store for your electronic cigarette needs. Lonn & Ron are the nicest owners. Brochelle is the nicest female that works there. If you want the best customer service go there, especially if Bish is working. He is the greatest!!! The liquid is phenomenal from Pink Spot. There's even signature flavors & some unique vaping supplies.
5	This was by far the best vape shop I have ever been in.  My first impression when I walked in was, "wow a vape shop that doesn't look like a front for illegal activities!"  I usually don't feel good about having my kids come with me when I need to pick something up, but when I came in with my son they ran in the back and came out with a beach ball for him to have.  He was content and I was free to shop. The store was clean and both people behind the counter were warm and welcoming.  Awesome selection of juices!
5	I have to say that this place is 1st rate! Bish is my favorite and contrary to the reviewer below, (which I believe is an employee of a local e-cig shop and very negative!!) I have never had a bad experience.  They greet me by name when I walk in and always have new suggestions for flavors and ways to improve the longevity of your equipment.  If you are looking to quit smoking cigarettes forever this is your place!! You can start with a higher nicotine level and as you progress you can work your way down to the lowest.  Thank you for helping to make my life smoke free!!
3	I came in today because I wanted to buy a new flavor for my vape. I almost walked past the place because I was expecting a different atmosphere, the interior looks like a tropical island! - NO JOKE.Inside I was greeted by one of the associates and I told him I just wanted to look around for a little bit. He called me over because he wanted to see what kind of vape I had, and to my surprise he told me I had a knock off version of the Joyetech eGo C-Twist electronic cigarette. He showed me how genuine brands have the logo on the bottom, which mine didn't. I was astonished. The guy who I was talking with was busy with another customer, so he asked a different associate to help me out. This guy was very nice and was totally ready to answer all of my questions.I was there for the flavors so he started telling me which ones I might like. I tried them out and the flavors weren't as good as some of the other shops that I've been to, but it seems like this place is dedicated to customer service so I bet they will start to have a better tasting variety of flavors. Unfortunately I just could't taste the flavors that well, and I think it's because the tip that they use is extremely small. I'm wondering if they had bigger tester tips if the flavor would be better.Nonetheless I settled on menthol.As I was walking out, I noticed they didn't have any couch to sit on, just a round table with some chairs in the corner. I guess I was kind of disappointed there wasn't a better place to relax there, but maybe they don't want to do that.Ultimately, I give this store 3 stars. I don't give out five stars unless the business blows my mind, so starting at 4 stars:- 1 star for having meh flavors / no bueno tester tips- 1 star for not having a better sitting area+ 1 star for phenomenal customer service & atmosphereAs always, I'll update my review the next time I purchase from there.
4	I am not new to the vaping scene, but left it for a few years. I wanted to get back into it and headed over to Vape Escapes. The store is bright, with a fun atmosphere. Bish hooked me up with the ego C twist, that I love. Ladies they will even add the "bling" for you! Little rhinestones and crystals on your clearomizers and one over your light. You can even get the battery wrapped in a fun holographic or glitter style! What turned me off the most about the larger models was that they looked so bulky like I was vaping a screwdriver. But mine is girly yet powerful. A guy could easily get the same model but in a different color and it looks great. But of course my husband got one of the "mods". They sell all types there. The ones that look like cigarettes, the cigar ones, the box ones etc. The manager (or owner?) there was very welcoming. And even the customers were friendly. A great atmosphere! Tasteful beach themed decor and I love that they let you try all the flavors without feeling like your bothering them. They sell Pink Spot liquid. Which I read is a premium liquid, but I wanted something a bit stronger in taste. I am used to the Halo brand of menthols. But they do have some fun flavors here and I picked up a watermelon which I found pleasant. Overall, I will make the drive due to the excellent customer service! Thanks Bish! You made this girl very happy! Think I will pick up a grape or green tea/peach next time!
5	Been looking for a Vape store in phoenix, found this on of courseYelp! Very friendly workers they help you with finding a new tank that will fit your needs,Picked up two Kanger Pro-Tank II for my X6 VV battery they work like a charm together; they taught me everything I needed to know about the Kanger tanks before buying them which was great! As well as their remarkable sample of flavors decided on Rip tide and definitely don't regret it. Best Vape shop in the Valley!! Gonna become a frequent customer from now on!!!!
4	Love the selection and the staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. After smoking for many years, this is the best thing I have done and it's worked. No cigarettes and not even an urge! My only complaint is they have one area for tastings. Every time I have been in, there is always ONE inconsiderate person at the station, tasting every flavor they can think of, oblivious to anyone else, and the staff doesn't seem to notice. Move the lurker over to the side and let other customers in AND get a few more tasting stations!Oh, and get some organic offerings!
5	I went in to see what the place was all about. I was met by a clean and neat store with very friendly and helpful staff, a really cool juice bar with a lot of neat, great tasting flavors, and very reasonable pricing.
5	I checked this place out today. Had a great experience, sampled some flavors before I got them. It's clean and they are real cool.
5	I went in after reading the positive reviews just to check the place out.  Wasn't planning to make a purchase as I have two vapes on order already but they're sitting in Hong Kong awaiting clearance and I've read it takes a month for delivery.  So Joel 'Bish' showed me around and let me sample some juices and devices.  Was beyond impressed by the knowledge and friendliness of Joel and the other (female) associate working there.  I ended up purchasing a new mod, battery, carto-tank and some e-liquid for a fairly decent price.  Five stars to these guys.
5	Very helpful staff. Buying a birthday gift and had no idea what to do or what to ask for. They took the time out to explain every little detail. They were not only knowledgable about all kinds of products, but they weren't trying to sell you anything, just giving information. You also get to try the different types of liquid before you buy. Good deal!
5	Awesome place. If your looking for a new Ecig, new flavors or information this is the place to go!! I went in there knowing nothing, and leaving with some vanilla bean from a bunny tip! These guys were relaxed and fun, and answered all our questions. Thanks Joel and Andrew!  We spent about an hour in there browsing and trying all the 40+ flavors! So cool, beats buying anything online. We will be back and wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	Great tasting flavors, good selection of tanks and batteries but above all else, this place has the best employees. They know what they're talking about, they're always friendly and helpful and this is easily my #1 favorite vape store. We had a leaky pro tank 3, and they checked it out for us and found out the glass was warped! Manufacturer defect, just bought it, and they just went ahead and replaced it. Always leave this place happy.
5	This vape shop is very inviting and not at all intimidating. Joel was especially helpful... and funny too. Very good selection of all your vaping needs for the beginner to the advanced dripper... Their e-juices are especially amazing... the flavor selection to the way they have the menu lined up.
5	The employees here make you feel welcome, comfortable, and are never too busy to make sure every customer is treated with the same level of satisfaction. The first day I went in, there was only 2 people. After 20 minutes of looking I turn around and the place was PACKED. (Great...) When finally an associate approached me to help I didn't expect them to go over every single detail with me and give me a full demo considering the volume of customers. To my great surprise she did! Customer service is what sells me since I'm in the same business and this place has it. I  go in every Saturday now for the past 6 weeks. I've dealt with only 2 people so far, Brochelle and a tall guy with a hat ( sorry I didn't get his name) both happily answered all my questions and made sure I was good to go before I left. If the service and staff stay the same I will continue to be a regular. Prices are good and they ONLY sell authentic merchandise, and they have a big variety of flavors (Watermelon wave I love you) Try them out!
5	Seriously the best and most knowledgable staff ever! Joel, the manager, is amazing!My boyfriend and I are from Wisconsin visiting. We went to the mall and bought an ecig vaporizer from a mall kiosk for $100. My boyfriend took it home and the next day we realized we were having an issue with turning it off. I found Vape Escape on Yelp so we stopped by to see if they could help us figure out how to use it.Joel took it apart and it turned out the mall guy sold us a broken vaporizer. Not only was it broken, but because it couldn't turn off, it was actually unsafe to leave the battery in. He physically walked with us back to the mall and helped us get my boyfriends money back!We are going to gladly spend that money at Vape Escape!
5	I Love this place i won't go anywhere else the entire staff knows me by name and they are always so friendly not just to me but everyone that walks in the door always very clean inside and i love all the flavors these are my peeps and i love them! Thanks Vape Escape for being so awesome!!!
5	What a great company and great customer service. Placed an order a couple days ago online, and it got to me in 3 days. There was a mix-up with the size of the juice I ordered so I emailed them and within 1 hr I had an email back from the postal service saying the replacement was on its way. Super impressed. Highly recommend this establishment. :)
5	Best. Vape shop. Ever.The first line says it all! These guys are awesome!Upon walking in you're greeted into an awesome beach setting, giving justice to the name "Vape Escapes". Upon entering I was offered a free bottle of water, free! These things cost money guys, but they hand them out!All the staff are very kind and helpful. If you make a purchase there, you can bet they're going to send you home confident that you know all the twists and turns around the best usage of your new product. On that topic, awesome prices! I've been to a few smoke shops and vape shops and these guys beat any prices I've seen before. Great product! Everything is authentic and brand new. The juice flavors are awesome! I went in and tried out bunch of flavor samples at the juice bar. They are all great! I'm very picky when it comes to flavors but I'll be gladly making another trip soon to pick up some more! If you like vanilla, you'll love the vanilla bean! I'd also like to recommend their BCC tanks. They sell at a cheap price, and vape extremely well with little issues, very nice tanks! (I own both the Protank 2 and 3 and I am currently vaping off my BCC mini).All in all, I've been looking for a simple vape setup for a while now that I can bring to work with me. I bought an eGo C Twist, a custom drip tip, and a BCC mini tank. Works awesome! Highly recommend this setup to anyone looking for a simple setup that they can carry around, or any beginners! Thanks a bunch guys will definitely spread the word!
5	Let me start by saying Vape Escapes has given me some of the best experiences than any other place I've been to.   The environment is clean and the staff goes above and beyond every time!  Thank you guys so much for all the useful information that you have provided!   I used to smoke cigars and inhale but now thanks to Vape Escapes I've quit!   Keep up the great work A++++
5	Vape Escape is hands down the best and most helpful vape shop around. The first time I walked in I knew that I'd become a frequent customer and I haven't gone anywhere else since. No matter if you're new to the vaping world or a pro, the people who work there will treat you like family and show you respect. They are so inviting and professional.  And Joel's experimental juices are the best! Only you can stop smoking but a friendly,  informative environment definitely helps. Thanks Vape Escape!!
5	The BEST Vape Store EVER!! Bish, Rachael and everyone is so Awesome and treats everyone Awesome and like family!! They know their stuff and will explain and tell you anything you want to know. They have the BEST Customer Service and treat everyone with respect and like family!! Their E-Juice is the BEST!!
5	Top notch customer service, sat around and chit chatted for an hour.  Got to try some flavors. Joel is very knowledgable about the industry, and the flavors that he sells. No pressure to buy, but bought some juices anyway. I will definently be back, while I don't live on this side of town I do work a couple miles away.
5	They are so helpful and nice. Tried another place closer to home, big mistake. More money and not as good. I make the drive now, so worth it! Not to mention I quit smoking cigarettes. They found me the perfect flavor. Thanks guys.
2	Look, I'm trying to not be super critical here. They're friendly, the store's clean, and they want to help...but their selection is sub par at best. They're basically a large mall kiosk. If you want to buy an ego starter kit, or a low-end clone, or happen to particularly LOVE pink spot juice (which is all they carry, as a white-label brand) then these guys are the ticket. If you want a legit juice brand, or a non knock off brand products you're going to have to go elsewhere.
5	I have been smoking for over 35 years.  I have used patches, drugs, hypnotism, you name it.  I thought I would try the over the counter disposables and found I was spending $9 for Njoy (which was the best for me) and was not happy with the price, not knowing when the battery was going to die (a couple lasted about 10 puffs) and no way to cut down on the Nicotine over time.  The were something like 45% nicotine.  I walked into this Store and was greeted by some exceptional people that spent a lot of time with me understanding "Vaping", letting me test out the liquids and generally making me feel at home and very comfortable.  I purchased the eroll by Joyetech which I LOVE.  I picked out a couple of liquids that would help me work down the nicotine scale.  It was an amazing experience and I highly recommend this store and its high level of customer service.  Check it out as you will not be disappointed!  By the way, it is across from Sears on Cactus.  Had a little trouble finding it...
5	First time in Arizona wanted to check out the vape shops and get a feeling for it and found this place with good reviews.  As we came in the place was very chill and the workers here gave us A+ service. Would definitely suggest people to come out and check out this place.
