5	I have eaten here twice so far and definitely plan to return soon. The Diablo Shrimp pizzadilla is excellent as is Cochinita Pibil which is a melt in your mouth slow roasted pork with a delicious deep flavored red sauce served with plantains and pickled red onions. A surprise on the menu for me was the cauliflower potato cake which was flavorful and filling. The flan and gelato are wonderful. The flan is huge and comes out on a diner plate so be ready ! Try this place the service is friendly and the ambiance is relaxed and warm - definitely a great place for a date!P.S. You can watch the tortillas being made fresh... and definitely taste the difference!
4	Was going to "North" for lunch today in Glendale to my surprise it's now Ninf'a's Mexican Kitchen...  It changed from a Fox restaurant to a Legacy owned restaurant.  We were game for a new experience, so we tried this Houston based tex-mex restaurant.  I was hit with the smell of fresh tortillas when we walked in the door. They redecorated the place and it's very inviting, nicely decorated with very comfy booths and a warm atmosphere.  They have a full bar with limited wine selections, beer on tap and bottles, sangria and fantastic margarita's.   We were seated and treated to some of the nicest service I've experienced in a good while. Our server was amazing and delightful.  She very attentive to our drinks and took just enough time to explain their menu and specialties. Some servers can be "over the top" especially when a place is new, but she was extremely pleasant. We started with queso. Fresh chunks of green onion, tomato and cilantro leaves made the queso an instant hit with me. Nothing worse than getting bad queso, but no worries here--theirs is a class act. The house chips and salsa's are also really good and served right away as we sat down. I was going to try their homemade Horchata but ordered a melon agua fresca with my food instead.  It's a short but sweet affair, as it comes out in a cocktail glass. If you're looking for the giant tub you usually get when ordering one of these guys--not here. If you don't know what I'm talking about, just nod. The melon, however, was fresh, sweet and delightful. I'll have fajitas once in a while, but it's not something I get excited about at a restaurant because they generally taste the same everywhere I've had them. At Ninfa's however it was "excellente" when it comes to fajita's. The sizzling plate came out and my eyes widened at the wonderful smell and beautiful the strips of meat.  Things we tried and were also very tasty: carne asada, chicken enchiladas, shrimp chiveche salad and chicken and avocado salad, yum! Sadly, I had to hit the road and keep working but at least my appetite was content. I'll definitely be back and looking forward to giving them a 5th star. I think my only dilemma will be ordering something other than the fajitas next time....
3	It is an upscale Mexican food concept with some unique culinary twists on familiar dishes. But, don't expect Los Sombrero's or Elote. It's definetly more tex mex. The Fajita's had to be the best I've had, but what's this? A creamy buttery sauce on the chicken. My wife's Carnita's were also unique and flavorful. But, again VERY rich. we asked our server about these unique findings... after they've roasted the pork they then flash fry it before serving. I say all of this as the flavor is already so good in the Chicken Fajita's and likewise, Carnita's that we would absolutly modifiy our next visit to save a few thousand calories! Yikes! In short, great food quality, servce and food. But, calorie concious beware. Ninfa's spares no expense in calories to give a very rich tex mex experience.  We'd come back, but we'll be the pain in the rear table with some modifications.
5	Loooove this place! As some of the other reviewers already said, I planned to go to 'North' for dinner one night, only to find that it is now Ninfa's! I've been here 3 times so far, each time, food has been wonderful! Particularly the fajitas- chicken fajitas come smothered in melted butter and chicken broth after flame! YUM! Tortilla's are homemade and delicious,  I also really enjoy the marinated skirt steak. The chips and salsa is also delightful, I enjoy the creamy tomatillo salsa :) Another element worth mentioning is the service, almost always extremely warm and friendly... the only problem I had is with one lame waitress- but overall it is a very nice experience! -- Also not a bad spot for margarita's!
4	Mexican food chains tend towards "all the same with a different name."  That's where Ninfa's stands out.  Definitely not the same old!We had marinated flank steak fajitas in Houston a few years ago and loved them.  So you know what we tried here.  Damn good - maybe not quite as good as our Texas experience, because this steak had a line of gristle running through.  But we'll do it again.All the other reviewers are right - nice place, well-trained emplyees, clean, great food.  So why not 5 stars?  I don't know....I'll just have to try it again.
4	Went to Ninfa's the other night with friends.  I was totally prepared to dislike it since I loved NoRTH and was so unhappy to see it go.  Also, I have to admit I thought, yeah just what we need another mexican food chain.  Happy to say Ninfa's is just what we need.  The atmosphere is warm and welcoming.  The staff is on top of it.  The food is great.  Not traditional mexican, but mexican with a twist that is wonderful. The house chips and the dark red salsa are great. The cilantro salsa was only ok. The red salsa has a smokey heat to it that is addictive.  I had the steak tacos, which were served in flour tortillas, looking more like a burrito. No onions or ciliantro in sight. Cooked perfectly and very tasty.  My spouse had beef fajitas that he devoured.  One of our friends had the mussels in the spice sauce, the other the chicken hard shell tacos.  Both almost licked their plates.  The sangria margarita is tasty but for me the traditional margarita rocked.  Not too sweet not too sour.  Made with fresh lime juice not the bottled sweet and sour mix.  I could be very happy there with the margaritas, chips and red salsa......
3	Was expecting a authentic Mexican restaurant and got another Americanized Mexican restaurant. There are too many in this Arrowhead area. With that being said the was ok and it was upscale on the inside. Probably wouldn't go back on my own.  Food was OK. Maybe try sone other menu items next time
3	Atypical Mexican food, or perhaps Tex-Mex is more accurate.  Queso comes with thick chips deep fried that hold a LOT of oil.  Seems like a lot of stuff is oily/fried.  I thought I was ordering a meatless entree with the cheese enchilada, but then the sauce seemed to have these stringy bits in it.  I asked if it was red sauce or whatever, and it was explained to me that it's basically like a brown beefy gravy.  Thanks, vegetarians love brown beefy gravy on their cheese enchiladas!  Plate was not hot either, and inside the enchilada the cheese (though not cold) was already starting to congeal and was more solid/chewy than it should have been (that's why Mexican places often heat the plates).  Refried beans had a nice whipped texture but were somewhat dry.Prices more reasonable than the NORTH that used to be here, and weren't bad for what you get.  The "pure" Margarhita was authentic and tasty.No draft beer.No Happy Hour. :-(
3	Came here early last Sat night and we got seated right away. It looks cute inside and the outdoor patio is nice as well.   Our Joan Cussak look alike waitress was very nice and took lots of time explaining the menu and the fact that mama Ninfa invented the first fajitas and therefore they had the best fajitas in the WORLD. well we had to get the best fajitas in the world so we got the big combo plate for two $40. it came with carnitas that hubby liked alot, chicken that I liked alot, steak that was OK, 3 shrimp that were overcooked and a big green chili with melting cheese in the middle. rice OK beans good. Really felt like a chain to us upselling in all. We were seated really close to the kitchen area so we got to see how it all works, watched the douchy looking manager having his pep talks and not really doing much else but looking at all the really cute hostesses mill about. not sure if we will be back, maybe for the lunch specials to try something else. Now the question were they the best fajitas in the world Hell no!! not even close but nice try.
3	The most amazing Mexican place I've ever been to was the original Ninfa's on Navigation in Houston.  The tacos al carbon were amazing back then......  For some strange reason, that signature item was renamed and is not on the menu.  In fact, very little about this place has any resemblance to Ninfa's other than the name.   The fresh tortilla's are fantastic, salsa's are pretty good.  My beef taco's (which were supposed to be the same thing as tacos al carbon)  consisted of two awesome tortilla's rolled around three wimpy strips of skirt steak.  Nothing else inside.  On one side was a small pile of beans and rice, and on the other side there was some mediocre guac and chopped tomatoes and onions (PICO???).  That was it.  No lettuce, no sour cream, no fresh cheese, no cilantro.  What got me was, one taco I had to pick up with beans smeared on the outside, and the other I had to pick up with guac smeared on it.  The queso cheese dip tasted ok, but it was barely luke warm, and could have been poured out of a bucket from Taco Bell.  The fried tortilla wedges are a serious mistake and should never be served to anyone.  Chips are thick, pre-bought, and served cold.  On the bright side, my wife had the ribeye steak which was great.  My skirt steak was well prepare, but there was very little of it.  Our server was wonderful.  She brought me lettuce and sour cream for my tacos and brought my wife some tortilla's. No extra charge.  She was very attentive through out.  I mentioned the plating faux pas to her and she passed that on to the chef and knocked $6 bucks off our bill.  One star for her.  The fresh, hand rolled tortilla's are really the star of the show here.  Though I was disappointed, I think there are easy fixes and great potential for improvement.
4	I went back for lunch today with some friends.  Had the combo fajitas.  It was very good.  My friend was impressed.  I wasn't happy the first time I came, but I think they are working on it and are committed to doing the right thing for the Nifsa's franchise!!  Don't come here for a taco or burrito, they don't do that here.  Service was exceptional.  The shrimp diablo was incredible!!  Give em a shot.
5	I was in Ninfas Monday night. They were having a community outreach night, so they were really busy. Nevertheless, the seevice from the bartender was perfect!  Witty as the dickens, with arms like tree trunks! The food was amazing! Cant wait to go back with my family.
1	If you're dying to try Ninfa's in Glendale (In the old "North" restaurant building next to AJ's - and *not* recommended btw) - then I'd say go visit soon - I can't see any way how they can remain in business with the price points they desire and the portion sizes they serve.  My family and I were able to try them out this past Thursday for dinner during a 50% off promotion. The restaurant was maybe 20% capacity with lots of waitstaff available. On the walk back to our seat, we were able to walk past many other diners and see not only the dishes they ordered, but the looks on their faces as their food arrived and/or they ate. Eek.    When the 'diablo shrimp tacos' i ordered arrived, I was surprised at how small the plates were, but I wasn't that hungry anyway, so no big deal. While the dish came with rice and beans, I was able to see why the plates our meals arrived on were so small: Any larger and the approx 3 tablespoons of cold, tasteless yellow-colored rice and 2 tablespoons of cold beans that accompanied the meals would have spilled over the edge of the plate.   The shrimp tacos themselves were completely underwhelming. While the dish was indeed advertised as "shrimp tacos" - Ninfas used a single shrimp (40-60 count size at most)  and - incredibly - cut this into 3 pieces for use in the taco. It was enough for maybe 1 bite with shrimp, and 4 bites without. My meal at half price was almost a ripoff of colossal proportions. Consider the regular menu prices are regularly  50% more, and you'll get an idea of the audacity of this place.    As for my drink, I've never met a Michelada I didn't like. Some are great; most are glorious! But: I've never had one that was horrible until the one at Ninfas. This was my first and only Michelada in 49 years I was simply unable to drink. The Pacifico beer that accompanied it however was just wonderful :-)  I'd comment on the other dishes we had, but they are variations on the theme above. Their chips and sauce were OK; maybe if they had a happy hour (which they don't ) I could maybe say something nice like "they might be OK for beers", but the taste of the food there seems chain-store average (are they a chain? This would explain alot) and at 50% off I felt the prices were at/over full retail for value received.    Hope it helps amigos. This place needs some love (snif!).
4	Well, still not a 5 star.  In fact, now I'm at about a 3.5.  Still gristle in the meat that made the fajita's hard to bite thru.  My wife says I've got to expect gristle in skirt steak.  Sorry, I want to be able to bite thru without a piece of steak pulling out of the fajita.   The meat flavor is excellent - great marinade. Our guests thought the chicken fajitas were wonderful.And the margaritas were not as good as last time.  We were disappointed. Great service, really good service.  I'll keep the 4 stars for now, but I'm getting closer to 3.
2	Crispy Calamari" limp. Carnitas torte lacking meat, got 3/4 thru it then i was eating a avocado sandwich. Server said it came with a side of vegetable which were the carrots and jalapenos out of the jar. The  shrimp Diablo lunch taco two measly pieces of shrimp wrapped in two measly pieces of bacon in the tortilla with and and ice cream scoop of beans and rice for $8.00.... It was not Diablo at all. Shrimp is not that expensive. Chips and hot sauce nothing great. DisappointedI hear their fajitas are good and they well should be for $29.00.... Server was very nice....
2	After growing up in Texas and living in Arizona the past few years, I was very excited when Ninfas opened in Glendale. Well......Ninfa's didn't taste like the Ninfas in Texas. Since Ninfas originated in Houston, I was expecting really good Mexican food. The food was VERY bland and tasted like it had been sitting under the heat lamps for hours. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	One of the Best Mexican food places in the valley. Diablo Shrimp Tacos.. damn good!!
1	This was our second time here. The menu is drastically smaller. I overheard that this is because their kitchen is too small to handle the size of the previous menu. The food has no flavor or spice. and the portions are tiny.  The service on both our visits was unbelievably terrible. This place is an insult to mexican food.
1	Food is not seasoned, service is awful, a hair was served with my rice. Will never go back. Save yourself the frustration and stomachache.
2	Came here last night with a restaraunt.com coupon.  Sat outside and the patio was nice and our waitress was great, now lets talk about the food,  the menu has changed alot since we were here and not  for the better,  we ordered the guacamole $6.99 for a very small portion of flavorless guac we had to add so much salt just to get any flavor out of it, we ordered the chicken fajitas and it had about six  strips of very dry chicken on a bed of greasy onions and that's it, veggie fajitas were onions and peppers a few mushrooms and a couple pieces of zucchini, everything was so overcooked and caramelized it was just a greasy mess. The rice tasted exactly like rice a roni and the beans tasted soured.  Never again so glad we had the big coupon and didn't pay full price for that crap.
2	Ninfa's used to be our favorite Mexican spot in Glendale, but no more.  With the revision of the menu came the elimination of all the things we loved about the menu.  No more carnitas, seafood enchiladas or ceviche.  I understand that some people wanted a less expensive menu, and they made the change for them.  I guess we're just not the target audience.  We won't be going back until carnitas are back on the menu.
1	CLOSED.  They told the paper that the Glendale market is too difficult to be successful in.
4	I went to Ninfa's a few weeks ago with two other couples. The staff was fun and friendly and our waitress was great. The Margaritas were very tasty. Not too strong and they won't give you heart burn w/ cheap sour mix.  The food was very good. It's compettitively priced but overall a nice experience.
5	I was unaware of the usage of a food I was allergic to and when I started having a reaction the staff was excellent and very helpful. They promptly removed it and replaced it with something else! Food was great and had good prices. They had daily specials that were great. Fun atmosphere too.
2	I live in the neighborhood and tried this place once...it's now closed and it's not a surprise.  Can anyone open a good restaurant that's not a chain in our area?
