3	I'm not much of a lady, but I like to look like one. And there's nothing like a fresh pedicure peeking out of my peep-toe pumps to make me feel all classed up. Once, when I was a bridesmaid in Vegas, I took the bride for a pre-wedding pedi at one of those fancy-pants casino spas. The technician came out with what looked like a palette of paint that a Frenchman in a striped shirt would be holding. The palette contained all sorts of shit he rubbed on our feet. The experience cost $80. There's no palette of goodies at Uni Hair and Nails. But for $20, they'll do the whole spa thing -- little soak, little rub, etc. It's not amazing. It is, after all, a $20 pedicure. But it gets the job done, and for chrissakes, they're just toes. In standard cheap nail salon fashion, don't expect anyone to speak English or listen to you when you say "rounded, not square." Just relax and let them talk about your big feet while you read Us Weekly.
3	This is probably consistently the best place to go for a basic mani/pedi around Arizona State University's Tempe campus...which sadly isn't saying much.  For a college campus town, Tempe has surprisingly few places to doll up with a spa experience--it's amazing that all the processed looking girls on Palm Walk can keep they're toes looking good in their platform flip flops (I went to ASU, so I have to knock it a little...).UNI Hair and Nail Salon fits the niche for the place close to campus where you can go to get a $10 manicure and a $20 pedicure (standard for this type of spot, and a-okay by me).They note on a sign above the pedicure stations to: "Please allow one hour for pedicure."  Aka, no rushing off to class, work, dinner--once they've got your feet, they're going to keep them until they're done.It's always pretty full around 5-6pm, but there's rarely (if ever) a wait, so it's fine.  The places glows orange and is clean.
3	I agree this place is great for what you pay.   They also do a great full set cheap, without looking cheap.  I usually go with someone so I'm to busy talking to them to care that the tech isn't talking to me.   My only complaint was on this last trip I was nipped on the underside of my thumb by the drill, but stuff happens.  Over all it's a sort of you get what you pay for deal, if you're looking for a quiet day spa this is not the place, if you're looking for a good nail job quick this is the place.
3	Fast. Fast. Fast. I love this place when I'm in a hurry and don't want some extravagant massagey hour+ extravaganza. They do a perfectly adequate job, nothing stellar, and you're in and out. I don't care that they're gabbing away on their cell phones, because then they're not trying to make conversation with me.Minus a star for their faux sterilization practices. They reuse the same instruments and store them in unsealed autoclave packets, allowing them to look as if they've been sterilized. I'm not a germ phobe who frets about catching hepatitis from a nail salon, but the dishonestly behind the charade bugs me. Also, minus a star for the time I was positioned to watch one of the girls who worked there waxing her armpits behind a poorly positioned curtain. I know this experience is ghetto, but please.
4	My review may be biased because after bringing my mom in 2 years ago, who spoke vietnamese to them, everyone there is very nice to me. I am Asian but no I don't know what they are saying and I don't know why they whisper across the room. But they always do a good job on my pedicures and manicures/ acrylics. For almost 2 years I was a regular here, but it gets expensive from constant maintenance.. I havn't been to get my nails done in almost a year! How sad, I should make an appointment soon. Nice mini-get away and well groomed nails are pretty.
4	I have been going to Uni going on 5 years now.  The location is great if you are a student at ASU, or live in Tempe.  There is generally no more than a 5-10 minute wait, if not immediate service, unless it is the beginning of the school year, or some sorority has a formal coming up.  Most of them do a good job, and relatively quick, so its a great place to go if you're on a lunch break or don't have all day.  They have a nice spa-pedicure, with a required 10 or 15 minute massage.  They offer many different services ranging from full set acrylics, to mani-pedis, to waxing, and boast a hair salon as well.  My only complaint is that sometimes it is difficult to get across what you are looking for in your manicure, or what have you.  They do not all speak great English, so there is definitely a language barrier, and sometimes you need to show, rather than say, what you want.  I wish I knew Vietnamese so I could understand what they say to each other under their breath, but I'll remain optimistic that it is nothing negative about me :-)
3	Went here for the first time today.  Got a pedicure, which was very reasonably priced ($25) and decently done.  The whole experience was a very speedy one; they want to get people in and out in a hurry, so this place would be excellent if you don't have much time to devote to your beauty services.  Overall, a perfectly satisfactory experience, but definitely nothing special.
4	I felt the need to write this review because 1. I miss Tempe more than I can explain and 2. Thuy is one of my most favorite nail techs I have ever had. EVER.I moved to Tempe when I went to college and I was looking for a cheap, convenient, quality nail salon.  Before I moved to the East Coast I continued to return there about once every other week because I couldn't find another place I liked as much.Okay, let's get one thing straight right off the bat.  If you are looking for a fancy, over the top, bells and whistles experience, I would suggest looking around a little more.  This nail salon is exactly what it is.  Reasonably priced.  Fast.  Close.  I have never been a complete stickler for sanitation practices only because I find that even the high priced salons have questionable or lacking sanitation procedures.  If you are afraid of getting any kind of infection just don't go to a salon to get your nails done.  It really is as simple as that.With all that lame lecturing done, I have never had a bad experience at Uni.  I used to go to a place in N Phx on special occasions and that would usually run about $175 for a mani/pedi plus tip.  Honestly, the work wasn't that much better either.  I have been to Uni so many times I have had work done by almost all the techs and while they all do a good job, I especially liked Thuy.  She does an amazing job and is really personable.  As everyone has said before there is never really a wait but for the past couple of years I would call in to ensure I could get an appointment with her.If you want a fast, quality, inexpensive mani/pedi.  Look no further.
4	If I decide to get my nails done I'm going to Uni. The prices aren't too bad and they are pretty fast while still doing a good job. I always, never fails, mess up my nails somehow before I leave....no matter how long I wait for them to dry. The girls are so nice and have fixed them quickly for me on multiple occasions.
4	If you want:1) you want a simple manicure2) you want it quick3) you want it cheapThen I highly recommend Uni Hair and Nail Salon, because they do all these things in a clean and spacious environment. Their location close to campus also makes them super convenient. I've gone to get a full set of french tips and both times I was very happy with the quality and the price. The staff here is nice and makes everything hassle free.That said, I got my first pedi there today and I personally wouldn't come back to them for another, just because my feet didn't seem much improved afterward. I was hoping they'd get rid of some calluses but they didn't... so I took a PedEgg to these calluses after my visit and was able to get rid of them without a lot of effort. Knowing that, I feel that they could have tried harder and done a better job on my feet. But if your feet are in nice condition to begin with, I guess they do a decent pedicure--just nothing exceptional.
1	Two out of the three times that I have been here I have had a bad experience. My pedicure came out looking textured. It was a complete waste of money. I will not be going back.
2	I've been here multiple times, once for a pedicure and other times to get acrylics and have never been impressed.  This is the only nail salon withing walking distance of ASU's Tempe campus so they know they will gte business no matter their prices or customer service.I always feel rushed and the staff is typically rude.  They are constantly trying to charge me more money for a simple design with my pedicure or tell me I need a totally new full set when I go in for a fill.They nail technicians have been really rough and it hurts!  I shouldn't dread getting pampered.  During my last experience I asked the nail tech to make my nails a bit shorter and she got so huffy about it and rough with my hands that I almost had to ask her to stop (and I typically deal well with pain)!Unless you're an ASU student without the motivation to find transportation elsewhere I would not recommend this salon.
4	I've been coming here since 2006 to get my nails done.I love that the prices are very reasonable and the nails and pedicures come out fantastic! I love that they don't look cheap like most places... The pedicures are at least 30 minutes and give you a little foot massage as well...I also come here to get my eyebrows waxed and they do an amazing job!! Won't go anywhere else...
5	I've been coming here since 2006 to get my nails done.I love that the prices are very reasonable and the nails and pedicures come out fantastic! I love that they don't look cheap like most places... The pedicures are at least 30 minutes and give you a little foot massage as well...I always get the pink and white with the dark pink powder and they look super nice!I also come here to get my eyebrows waxed and they do an amazing job!! Won't go anywhere else...
1	I came here for a gel manicure and to get my gel polish removed and redone. I made an appointment and showed up on time. It took another 15 minutes for them to be ready. I specifically requested a color, which I knew they had and the girl insisted on using another-- saying it was the same. I obliged because I figured she knew what she was talking about. The manicure was sloppy and rushed and she was on the phone THE WHOLE TIME. Not only did the polish look terrible, sloppy, and uneven when done, she drilled my nails down painfully and now they are extremely thin and hurt without polish on. The manicure began to chip within 3 hours of having it done. I called and they said that I could come back to get it redone. When I did I was passed between 4 nail technicians who did not seem pleased that I had come back. I will NOT be returning here and I feel like I have wasted my time and money. I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone.
2	Most of the staff dig in the sides of your toe nails with the clippers which often gives me ingrown toe nails. The services often feel rushed, with the exception of gel glitter manicures which felt ridiculously slow and didn't last very long at all.
1	I've been to Uni multiple times for a manicure due to its close proximity to ASU's campus. However, I always leave thinking I would rather have done my nails myself for free. Also, the technicians rush me upon my arrival which gives me anxiety about choosing a color which I feel I should do at my leisure given its a spa-like environment. The worst part of my experience at Uni is that I leave with messy looking nails, an empty wallet (a $20 mani?) and feeling of being unpolished (pun intended).
3	These ladies know how to run a nail salon!They are very fast and friendly which I find delightful when I'm getting my nails done.  They have plenty of seating so you can usually sit next to friends if you go together.Tip: Look out for Labor Day weekend - speaking from a former ASU sorority girl, recruitment weekend is Labor Day Weekend (first weekend in September)  this is the closest nail salon to campus so tons of girls go here to get their nails done prior, so it can be packed during that weekend.I'm giving it 3 out of 5 stars because I've seen some really immaculate nail salons and while this has good atmosphere, I've also seen better - but it's still good!
5	aAlways a great place!! Came with a friend to get a pedicure, this place is awesome for a person on a budget!
4	Pretty good salon. It is your typical chop shop - if you've seen one, you've seen them all. It's definitely cheap and at a convenient location for an ASU student. Don't expect anything extraordinary, but it's quick and they get the job done!
1	I did not like this place. I think they are trying to do too much with hair and nails under one roof.They are fast like many have said, but you feel really rushed. THEY UP-SELL MAJOR & DO NOT LET YOU REFUSE!!!  I am talking 3rd and 4th efforts to up-sell me to purchase gel nails w my manicure.  I just came there for a regular manicure.  Finally after my tech called over a second tech to pressure me, I caved and agreed to try it.I had tried to say no saying I was afraid they'd look fake.  I tried to refuse saying I worried they'd damage my natural nails.  Lastly, I tried to refuse saying it would take too long. They assured me none of those were valid concerns, but all my fears were realized.  :-(I hate this place.  I won't go back.  They don't care about you.  They just want to see how far they can push you to spend.  They see dollar signs $$$$ not people.  I would encourage you to seek service elsewhere.
2	Prob one of the worst manicures I've had. My tech was super sweet and did a great job with the start of the manicure. She did a great job filing my nails and cleaning up my cuticles.... Where it went down hill was when she polished my nails. Bubbles galore which is a peeve of mine. and it's been 40 minutes and my nails are still wet?? Thats after we kept them under the fan forever bc they wouldnt dry. Wtf?? They have finger prints and indents now. It's like I have goop on my nails. I think it's time for new polishes and top coats, guys.Oh, and Whitney Cummings came in while I was here. I got about 15 pictures of the back of her head.
3	I usually just come here to get my eyebrows waxed. The whole service only takes a couple of minutes and it is so affordable!
5	I have been getting manicures every two weeks for over five years and this is one of the best manicures I have ever had.  My tech did an excellent job of cleaning up my nails and shaping them. She spent time and did it correctly. She let the gel paint set and dry enough between each coat so it didn't move or bubble. Clean and friendly. Going back for sure!
1	The first few times I went there, it was just fine.However, although I can't speak for all manicurists who work there, the male manicurist (I unfortunately do not know his name), instead of cutting your hangnails, pulls them, which has made me bleed twice now.  Although I never attended cosmetology school, I am pretty sure this practice is unsafe and is very painful.Unfortunately, this second time, I got an infection on my big toe from the open wound, and now have to be on anti-biotics for a week as a result. I may also have an ingrown toe nail due to this poor pedicure. I distinctly remember that his license on the wall expired in 2012, so that's another issue too.I've never had medical complications from a pedicure or manicure in my life, and this is a first, painful and very annoying experience.
4	Very kind and considerate staff. Always accommodating. There can be a bit of a wait, but they provide great service. Prices are a little above average but worth it. The salon is very clean and upscale.
4	So, we were over at the Devils Advocate today watching the Sun Devils get utterly trounced by Stanford.It's a know fact  hate football, but last weekend I had my nails done in New Orleans Saints colors. The place I regularly go to in CA where I live do a great job, but the polish never stays on, but that's a review I'll never do cos I'm in there every 2 weeks.Anyway, regardless, I was so bored by half time, I left my old man in the bar after finding a local salon literally across the street just so I could get a polish change.$5, can't complain. Walked in, put my name down, was seen to straight away and even thought I only wanted a polish change, she still filed and moisturized my nails. I was out within 15 minutes.
5	This is my second year at Arizona State University and I obviously needed a new manicurist when I moved here from California. I got a coupon in a student handbook and decided to check the place out. That was the best decision ever. My manicurist is Katie and she is the best! The gel and regular nail polish services are excellent. They are very precise and the location is clean and very modern. The prices are great too. If you are new to the Tempe area definitely check this place out you won't regret it!
4	Been a patron since '09 and will continue to be as long as I live in Tempe.  I typically get a gel mani/pedi and always leave satisfied.  Not sure of their wax and hair services, but am always pleased with my gel.  Recently I was preparing for my engagement photo session and asked the technician what color would photograph well, they were quick to offer many suggestions and recommended the perfect shade.
5	I love speedy service! I'm always on the go and have no time to sit for two hours to get a mani and pedi! I've been going here for 8 months now and everyone had been friendly and they do excellent work! It's very close to where I live and my gel mani and regular pedi were done well! She listened to me explain how I wanted my nails shaped. I have also gotten tips put on and those have been fantastic as well!
5	love uni...been going here since college. they are so sweet and always do an amazing job!
5	Fast, wonderful service, friendly staff. My manicure and pedicure look phenomenal. My friend and I booked appointments last minute, as in two hours before. I will definitely be back during my time in Arizona.
5	I've been coming to this nail salon for awhile now and it never disappoints! The staff is friendly and helpful and I have never left upset with my experience. I love it!
