4	We've been coming here for 4 yrs. The staff and doctors are really great. I would give them 5 stars but they make you wait for a good 45 minutes to an hour just in the waiting room then about another 20 minutes in the exam rooms. It makes things difficult especially when u have a 4 yr old with Autism. Other than the really long wait times wee care is great. Bakerinck and Candace are the best.
5	My experience has been fantastic, Dr Bakerink says the most informative, insightful and caring advice in our 15 years of pediatircians. I cannot speak for others but our waits are 5 - 10 minutes. Every person we have encountered there has been perfect, Keep it up!
4	Having been new to the area last year, I wasn't sure where to take our daughter.  Per my insurance company they recommended wee-care pediatrics and I'm so glad they did.  The staff is REALLY friendly and love works with kid.  Both doctors are awesome and i love that they don't seem rushed when they come to see our little girl.My biggest and ONLY complaint, is that you ALWAYS have to wait!  If you are walk in during their walk in hours, plan on it taking about 2 hours to get in and out.  If you have an appointment, still plan on it taking 1-1.5 hours.
2	The average wait times here are just laughable. I've never once been "in and out" and on average spent 45 minutes just waiting for my daughter to be seen. This is after I was informed on our 1st visit that if we were more than 15 minutes late our appointment would be cancelled. Our first visit should have been our first clue when we were there an hour and a half before the doctor even came in. I absolutely love Candace but I can't justify waiting like that. I've tried 3 times now to make our next appointment for a day when both daddy and I could be there with no luck. After asking the scheduler if we were going to be forced to wait again if I took the only appointment they had available over 2 weeks out, she got extremely rude with me. I'm sorry but that is unacceptable. We have received a referral for another pediatrician and was able to get an appointment for the exact day we wanted AND the woman was actually friendly. This is how it should be!
5	We've been going to Wee Care since 2009 when our 1st son was born. Dr. Bakerink and his entire staff are absolutely amazing. They listened to all my concerns and always give different options. I've had an opportunity to work with each staff member and can't tell you which I prefer. They all seem equally invested in my son's health. The office staff is just as attentive - and friendly. We are lucky to have found them!
4	I've been coming here since my daughter was 6 months and I very much like this office.  Their clean, polite and have good customer service. The ONLY thing I do not like is that their not always on time with their appointments. Last Monday I came for my daughter's 11:15am appointment and I was not seen til 12:30p. Last ones to leave the ofc, I was so not pleased that day. Overall, I like this ofc they just need to speed up their waiting time.
2	As I write this, I am sitting in the waiting room, 35 minutes past my appointment time. No one here is concerned at all that every minute I sit here is a minute that I am not at work. This is especially irksome because had I been late, my daughter's appointment would have been canceled.  This is not the first time this has happened.   As soon as I am through waiting in the front, I have at least another 15/20 minute wait in the exam room. When anybody know keeps someone waiting,  they are saying that their time is more important than the person who is being kept waiting.  I do not enjoy paying a business who tells me I am unimportant.  I will immediately begin to shop for another peditrician who doesn't abuse me and my time. It's not as though there is anything special enough here to put up with being treated with so much distain.  Now 46 minutes past appointment time. Awesome.
5	I absolutely love Dr. Bakerink and his staff. He has a couple awesome PA's on staff. I've been coming here since my 7.5yo was born and now both my girls go here and soon my son who is on his way into this world.I was referred here by a Nicolette god rest her soul. She took both her boys here from birth.Most of my extended family also take their children here as well!
1	We are extremely disappointed with Wee Care and Dr. Bakerink.  If I could give 0 starts I would.  He was the pediatrician for both of our children, and in the four years that we had him as our pediatrician our children saw him twice - once each at the hospital when they were born.  There were a number of problems at his Sahara office, but we did really like one of the PAs there.  After having several major problems at the Sahara office we were told by the Spring Valley office that we couldn't make appointments there - even though Bakerink was our children's Dr.  Then they closed the Sahara office and didn't even notify us that the office closed.  We found out it was closed when we showed up for a scheduled appointment.  Doctor's offices always have long wait times, so that is not something I would mark points off for - the problems with Wee Care and Dr. Bakerink have to do with how they have chosen to manage the office and the care that is given.1.  One of our children was misdiagnosed with a pretty serious condition, which resulted in months of stress and worry and additional appointments/procedures that were unnecessary.  We were told by the specialist we were sent to that our child should never have been diagnosed and/or sent to her office - that it was a mistake that should never have happened.  Putting the distress and worry this caused us aside it also cost us time and money - we didn't even get an apology or a follow-up from Dr. Bakerink or his office.   2.  Dr. Bakerink never saw or treated our children in the 4 years they were under his care (except when they were born as previously mentioned).  If he staffed his office with competent PA's etc. this would not have been a problem - we did like one of the PA's, but we had so many problems with the other one.  Of course it would seem that when our child was diagnosed with a serious medical problem that the PA would have consulted with the pediatrician or would have sent us to him for a follow up before sending us to get procedures and see specialists etc, but either wasn't the procedure or Dr. Bakerink didn't care to check on his patients from the other office.  This made it was very clear that Dr. Bakerink did not care about all of his patients.  On that note as well, when we did try to schedule actual appointments with Dr. Bakerink at his other office since he stopped going to the Sahara one (he stopped going there before the office was even closed) we were told that we were not allowed to set up an appointment.  We were told that we were not allowed to set up an appointment to see the pediatrician of our children.  I just wanted to repeat that - it's crazy!  We could not believe that we were told that.3.  The office did not stock what was needed for appointments that were set up.  We had to make 3 separate appointments for the same vaccinations and were never able to actually get the vaccinations -they were out of stock all three times.  This happened even though we set up the appointment for vaccinations and called to double check that the vaccinations were in stock (keep in mind we still had to pay our co-pays every time this happened).  The third time we were told to just take our child to the Health District for the vaccines.  I don't normally give bad reviews at all, but the service and care of Wee Care is deplorable.  I would hate for anyone else to have to go through the things that we did.
5	Ian Childs is great, we always have to wait a while before being seen, but the wait is worth it for someone who takes time with each patient and always answers all our questions. He actually listens to complaints before suggestions, never feel rushed either.  Most of the staff is really nice and remembers us.
1	This staff here is nice but incompetent,  my son is 4 and almost had to be removed from School because he didn't have all his shots, Wee Care is where we got all his shots and apparently they skipped a few shots when he was 1yo because they were out of them and never notified me or had us reschedule.  So now i had to my son to get poked for vaccines for illnesses that he out grew. Also when my son was getting his shots the person who gave him his shot was sick that day and sneezed into his arm LITERALLY before he gave my son his shot. If you're sick you shouldn't be at a pediatrician's office where kids go to get better
1	these guys are absurd. rewind to june of 2012, my daughter was born, a doctor from here was sent to see us the day after, pretty sure all that was done was to check hearing or something, gave them our insurance information and thought we were done with it.a few months later they called us complaining that the insurance company wouldn't pay them because my daughter was born a few days before her due date (no one else had a problem). so we called the insurance company and notified them of the situation, they acted like it was not a problem, called these guys back they said ok... that they would resubmit the bill.we never heard another thing from them, no phone calls, no letters, no nothing. then fast forward to about an hour ago, i received letter in the mail from a collection agency saying that a bill from these guys was turn into them and they want money from me!i am deeply insulted and upset... why not call? why not send us mail? why not hire a competent person to run your accounting/billing?i will update this and let you know how they treat us when we call them on monday.edit update:they were not of any help, their billing department messed up and was incompetent,  insurance company (old) says it was been to long and they  wouldn't cover the fee now. i decided to not put up with it and just payed the bill -afraid fighting it would put a mark on my credit report.so... yeah, they were not helpful and did not care.
1	NO LLEVEN A SUS HIJOS A ESTE LUGAR!NO LLEVEN A SUS HIJOS A ESTE LUGAR!tengo una bebe de 9 meses, la lleve a este lugar desde que nacio. Resulta que cambie de pediatra por que me hacian esperar horas para que me atiendan. Ahora con nuevo pediatra me avisan que a mi nena la vacunaron en fechas equivocadas que no le correspondian a su edad, ahora tengo que esperar que mi nena cumpla 15 meses para que le hagan examenes de sangre para asegurarme de que este bien y estas vacunas no le hayan afectado. Obviamente que si algo le pasa a corte los llevare, pero les recomiendo no llevar a sus hijos aqui para que no pasen por la preocupacion que estoy pasando y ademas para que no sufran sus bebitos con tantas agujas.
1	Horrible new patient visit! Just recently changed insurance provider and was looking for a new pediatrician for my children, called this practice for an appointment so far good, showed up to my appointment and signed in and that was it! Sat there for 50 minutes waiting to be called to fill out paper work, provide insurance and make my copay, never got called! I was not expecting to be done right away but I sat in the waiting room with my sick child seeing people that arrived after me go in, get service and go home! They completely forgot I was there! I kept getting told to wait to be called! Finally walked out and made it the the quick care clinic which was much quicker. Definitely not the doctor for my family!
4	We had to wait a very long time, that's my only complaint. The staff was friendly and explained to us why we had to wait. Once we got in we saw Dr. Ian Childs and he was awesome! Well worth the wait! Very personable and didn't seem rushed or busy. He treated us like we were his only patients that day. Very pleased. We will be back just for him!
1	Just not the same place it use to be since 2003.   when ever I take my kids I am always waiting  30 min to 50 just to be seen with a scheduled appt. Their are always new doctors and $60. With no insurance! That worries me, is it the doctors that are right fir the practice or is it a horrible place to work and who can afford that just unbelievable!! I will be looking for a new place to bring my babies Correction over an hour and half wait wow!  The nurse just told me usually there's only a 10 minute wait I said yeah right I've never gotten that since 2004 I've always had a ridiculous wait
4	I've switched to Dr. Bakerink about 6 months ago and happy so far. Dr. Bakerink takes his time with my boys and provides plenty of time for me to ask questions. Office staff is very friendly and professional. Very easy to schedule an appointment since they are very accommodating. Walk in time is available from 7 to 8 am, which is soooo helpful. The problem with the wait does exist, but just like in any doctor's office.
