4	Great nail salon and waxing.
3	Very average salon: I went here to get a pedicure on a Monday, since this place is within walking distance of my house. I had to wait 10-15 minutes even though the place was barely busy, my $30 upgraded pedicure was about 30 minutes at best and the massage didn't last more than 5 minutes. I would probably come back for something last minute but for a good value and relaxation, I will go somewhere else.
4	I've been going here for a long time and really like it.  The owner and his wife are very friendly, and I like that they sterilize their instruments and take them out of sealed packages.  The salon is clean and they do a good job.
4	My friend and I were initially at Oh Nails on Lindsay and Warner but they seemed short staffed and pedis were 22 so I called around and found this place and he said 18... sweet! We get there and they all said hi and seemed pretty welcoming. My lady was Tina and she was really nice, asked what I wanted and got a chair ready for me. She did a good job and didn't hurt my toes. I was wearing shorts and she was kind to get a towel to put over my legs and she held my purse while I got situated. I had painted on 7 of my fingernails to test out some of the colors and she offered to wipe them off for me. The standard pedi comes with hot stone massage and hot towels which felt really nice. I didn't feel rushed and the whole pedi took a little over 30 min. It was clean, they used tools out of new packages and cleaned after I was done. I will definitely come back to see Tina. My friend on the other hand, did not have the best experience with the other short haired lady who did her nails.
3	My best friend and I wanted to get a pedicure and came to try out this salon. $18 for a pedicure? Sure why not :)Very average salon and nothing fancy. As soon as we came in , we picked our color and was helped right away . They did a stone leg massage after cleaning your nails which was different but nice. However I am giving them 3 stars because I was not satisfied with how my nails came out. There was nail polish on the side of my toes and since I didn't do my usual French pedicure I thought I would get a flower design. Simple enough right? Nope! The flower looked good from far away, but when I came home and took a better look at my toes, the flowers were sloppy and the nail polish on my toe was already smudged. I swear I have the worst luck with flower designs.. Every time I get the design it comes out horrible. Lesson learned, I will never ask for a flower design on my pedicure! Also the lady gave me the wrong change so I had go back and get my money.
