3	Hey where are the yelp reviews of this place? Are Sin City's yelpers too chicken to have never patronized then reviewed this place?  If you want a blue collar, out of strip casino experience, this semi dive casino is for you.  As soon as you step inside, the smell of smoke permeates every hair and thread on your body.  If that bugs you, stay away because it's the worst I've smelled,in a while.  It's dark inside, but somewhat comfy with large screen TV's and a friendly bartender,  There are ample slot machines.  My mom actually won forty bucks here on the penny machine once. So she agreed to eat and gamble here again - in the daytime.  They had a huge face lift in 2008 and the building does look better than it did before that. Yet, 10 minutes into being inside, you know this is place is in the da hood.  There are some rough looking big dudes. Even their girlfriends/wives look pretty rough. I hear most military guys a few miles north at Nellis Air Base avoid this joint,so be warned.   The saving grace, though, is the cafe.  My brother, who has more guts than me eating in off the beaten path places, said he had an awesome steak/lobster dinner here for $10 once.  That special  exists at special times. But there are other specials. Check their board and their signs outside you can read of the freeway and Cheyenne. For lunch today, I had the rib eye dinner for $6.99. I was prepared to be disappointed, but my jaw dropped at the price...then it got busy munching on an awesome char grilled steak,.  It was well marbled, with that char grilled taste on the outside and very tender and cooked medium rare correctly.  It came with salad or soup, and your choice of two sides from fries, baked or mashed potatoes, rice, and vegetables.  Wow, I would eat that dinner again and again, especially at that great price.  I suddenly didn't mind the smoke too much,  Service wasn't bad or great - one waitress had to wait on the entire place. The busboy was good getting refills and cleaning plates, My sister opted for the Po Boy with fries, good as well. All five meals plus five sodas were $47.00 before tip. Heck I've paid for a $47.00 meal for two that wasn't as good as this was.I'll think twice about coming here at night.  But in the harsh light of day, it's a great meal. Casino is two stars, cafe is 4.5 stars-higher if their service could match the food,.
2	Lured in by the large sign off the I-15 offering steak and lobster for $9.99, I took my wife, daughter and mother for a meal. My mother and me ordered the steak and lobster.  I was of the opinion that the taste and value was on par (I basically got what I paid for).  My mother said that the steak was so filled with grissle that it was like paying $9.99 for the lobster tail.  The meal also had a small baked potato and green beans.  The wife had a Ribeye for $6.99.  She commented that "It was fine, but it wasn't like a Ribeye", meaning that it was a skinny cut, and (a strange complaint) it didn't have enough fat.  A brief comment about the ambiance of this restaurant...depending on the situation, it may leave something to be desired.  Being a man, I rather enjoyed the silhouette of nude women, the decorations of the Las Vegas scene on the wall.  They had several plasma TV's and a big screen TV with sports going, that was good too.  Unfortunately, the restaurant was also a bar.  The bar consisted of real loud homies that were either off work for the day, or taking a long lunch break.  Anyway, they were talking as if they were still on a construction site, as if they had to talk over a jack hammer.  50 feet away, and I could hear everything they shouted to each other, with some of the language on the salty side.  I didn't notice staff discouraging the shouting discussion.  I paint this picture for the sake of other's who may decide to take family here.  The environment may be a factor.  I don't know if this is a typical problem at this casino/restaurant, but my mother paid her own bill using a credit card, and tipped with cash.  Coincidentally, when she returned home, she had some work to do on her checking account, and noticed on her internet account that the staff went ahead and added an additional tip to the money she left.  She called about the discrepancy, and was told this type of thing happens all the time, and it would be self-corrected by Monday.  Hmmmm.  To be continued.
3	The Lucky Club is old-school, testerone cool.  Bi-lingual signs everywhere tell you that this casino is not afraid of local Vegas audiences.For gamblers like me, they have 1 lone craps table and a few Blackjack tables, plus ubiquitous slots and a "money cage" where they put the pretty girl inside every Friday night to grab as much cash as she can while the fan blows up her skirt (ladies, I'm warning you, wear tight clothes for this thing!).For eating: $0.99 tacos at the bar (where you can smoke and eat simultaneously!) are the same ones served inside the restaurant for $3.99...so, there's your Yelp bargain for reading my review!Honestly, the $0.99 tacos are fine, but all beef and you add hot sauce.  The better deals are on the $4 fish taco plates.I've had the $9.99 steak&lobster deal twice, and the lobster was *great* each time.  The steak is hit or miss, but they've got decent offbrand steak sauce to drown it so you can eak by.For beer, you get $0.99 Corona's (not Lite's!) and a lime.This is a pretty basic casino.  It's safe.  No fights.  No pickpockets.  No muggers.You can see it from I-15 at the Cheyenne intersection.Seth is the son of the right-hand man of Steve Wynn, so there's the Lucky Club's connection to the Wynn.  He's doing a decent job running the place now, and if you want to just drop in for some lite gambling/eating, this place is easy on the wallet.
2	Again, I like the food here and the prices are always very good.Ya, ya, bad nieghborhood.  Just watch your back. LOL.The wait staff sucked on my last visit.  Brought someone that had never been here forthe $3.99 10oz. Burger & Fries, we waited 10 minutes to get served and probably another 8-10 minutes after our meal was done.  You just shouldn't have to sit in front of your empty plate.  Go for the food, just plan to be there for a bit.
2	Unless you have nothing better to do I wouldn't highly suggest this place. It reeks of cigarettes.(not that I don't smoke I choose to smoke outside unless I am really intoxicated) Hower thats not what made me right this review.One of the worst things about this place is that I feel like I am going to get mugged while inside. The area is not safe.Prices are really cheap I mean cheap but is that worth you safety. Mefff no gracias.
3	See, this place I'm going to have to come back to later and give a second chance, because this review kinda just has nothing to work with.Why do I say that? Because I'm assuming the big draw here to this place is it's price. I see the big sign saying rooms $29.99 and up and if I paid that I'd of LOVED it! I just happened to be here on New Years, so naturally, the prices went up. But holy hell, $150-something for a hotel that's not even on the strip? I understand it's new year and all but at the very least I thought I'd get a microwave, fridge and what not. Ended up just dragging the cooler up and drinking out of that, because who comes to Vegas without drunk ambitions?If I end up here again one day which I wouldn't mind I'll give it a second look, we had a Raiders themed room that got the job done other then the no fridge thing. The room was a good size, There's a 7-11 and AMPM within 5 minutes walking (beer runs), and other then the PAPER THIN walls I had no real complaints. But for reals, someone yelled "HAPPY NEW YEAR" at like 4 AM and I swear it was like he was standing in the room, and several times girls passed by and I kept thinking my girl was asking me something but that's how loud the voices sound inside!I'd stay again, but not for no $150. $29.99 sounds right, or maybe $40 on the weekend.
1	THIS PLACE SHOULD HAVE A WARNING LABEL ON THEIR ENTRANCE DOORS JUST LIKE ON A PACK OF CIGARETTES.I think people come here just to smoke because every time I go here, I leave smelling like an overflowing ashtray full of cigarette butts. Now compared to other old school casinos, this place has to be the absolute worst! As much as I don't want to make this a rant instead of a review, I feel you, the reader has to know what you will be dealing with before you go here. On some nights, smoke is so thick, that you can barely see your hand in front of your face. I feel kind of bad for the employees that work here because oxygen is something they will not get much of.The casino itself has your basic slots and gaming tables. A bar where you can order drinks and food which sounds convenient but im not sure if you want to eat while inhaling second hand smoke. I come here mainly to take advantage of the meal deals at Lucy's Grill, which is an entirely separate review. Sometimes I just come to hang out with buddies from out of town that wanna watch the big game on some of their pretty nice sized flat screens. In closing, I know its impossible to have a smoke free casino but at least put in a really nice ventilation system so I wont feel like I have lung cancer when I leave.
5	I stayed in this Hotel for 2 nights and the entire stay was really good because they have a very friendly staff, food is good and cheap. Rooms are newly remodeled and newly carpeted floors,  the house keepers are really friendly  front desk was very helpful, we also played in the casino and we had fun.  Price is reasonable and food is delicious, hotel rooms was clean.. I will highly recommend this place to my friends and everyone. Lastly you do not need to pay for resorts fee and parking fees.
1	I just got hear and I have been in two rooms now. First I payed for a NON smoking queen well he gave me a king then sent me to a queen smoking I have kids with me wtf. Well it's 3am we had a king drive we will suck it up.... Then bang bang a family comes and says this is their room.. Dealt with that bs!! Ten 24 min later hotel security is banging on another door ALL I WANT IS I SLEEP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I mean yea we are in sin city but hot damn can a lady get se rest oh and a shower that is not BLAZING hott!!!!!!!
1	Can you give no stars? So after a long night at a Christmas party down the street we decided to get a room and not a DUI. As soon as we parked I had a feeling by morning my car would be stolen. We walked into the smallest cigarette hot box I've yet to see in Vegas. I'm a smoker but I was dying in there. We find the registration desk and we obviously interrupted the girls text conversation. She was very dismissive. Barely said a word and slapped down a form to sign and gave us the total bill. Ok whatever. I'm tired. Let's just go to sleep. We get to the room. Standard nasty room. But there's no blankets? Just sheets? Weird. Go to the bathroom. Two hand towels to shower with. Just keeps getting better. I don't care. I need to sleep. NOPE! We didn't get an offer to rent by the hour but apparently this was that kind of place. The walls are paper thin. The lady of the night next door must have made  a killing that night. It was funny at first but after the third time the door shuts and the moans begin I was over it. I stuck it out to get sober enough to drive home and left.
2	It was just ok. Nothing fabulous by any means but it was at least an ok place to sleep for the night. Carpets need to be cleaned more often so they aren't so nasty looking. It was a non smoking room but since its such an old hotel you could still smell it some.
2	Wouldn't stay  here again. The furniture in the room is absolutely filthy. Scuff marks all over the table legs. Chairs have stains all over them. Shower head has mold on it. Shower tub is not clean. Staff so far has been moderately nice. Nothing over the top. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to any of my friends. Only staying one night, so we will see if things get better. Hopefully so. Oh and they have a pool, but no jacuzzi. Casino is very old school and out of date. Another lovely feature about our room (117).... After leaving the room to go to the casino or the restaurant.....  The door did not lock!...Even if we slammed it shut and pulled the door knob as hard as we could!   Patrons  beware if you decide to book a room at this hotel.   Bllahh!!!
2	we had to switch rooms due to half the electricity not working.....bad smoke smells in hallways. Vegas is expensive and this room was dirt cheap. I was worried about the area and security but it ended up being AOK. The beds were good and air conditioner good. We had a dog so really this was not all so bad. The place needs a lot of TLC though......
3	I've seen this place several times, but never bothered going in. For a last minute stay, this place is not so bad for the price. Plus they have discounted rates for CDL holders. I got a room for two nights for $100 plus the $50 refundable cash deposit; when others were charging $120-180 a night.
4	I come to Vegas often and was just in town for CES which is one of Vegas's busiest and most pricey times. The resorts on the strip were sky high in price so this time I decided to try something more affordable off the strip: The Lucky Club Casino and Hotel.Things to consider about me: I'm female. I'm in my 20s. I was travelling alone. I usually book at nice resorts/casinos on the strip. I only stayed one night at Lucky Club and I did not use their casino. This is a review of my hotel stay only. Now about the Lucky Club HotelThe Good:The price! I paid an online special of 40-something/nt. The room- It was clean! Sure there are scuff marks and it's an old hotel that's seen a better day, but the bedding and towels were perfectly clean as was the room! It was quiet! Normally when I stay on the strip I wake up to drunk people talking loudly in the hallways. That did not happen at this place. It was fairly noise free!The bathroom was decent too! The shower worked and the hairdryer was pretty powerful! The lighting in there was good too (hey I'm a girl and these things matter when doing hair/makeup).The Bad:Ok, the area isn't amazing, but it didn't seem THAT bad honestly.The people hanging around- Sure I saw some sketchy people, but I see them when I stay on the strip too! It's just on the strip you are surrounded by more people and tourists. Always keep an eye out for your safety no matter where you are!The smell- Yes it does smell like smoke everywhere. Oh well. My room didn't smell too bad! Look- this place was fine for a night to get some sleep and that's that. I was alone so and wasn't going to loiter around anyway where potential weirdos were. I was safe and sound in my room and got some shut-eye! I then checked out easily the next morning and was out of there no problem. I prefer my usual hotels on the strip BUT this place did the trick for a night and I would probably stay here again if I needed to.
