3	My wife and I arrived to our hotel around 11:00 pm. We were hungry so we called Mineo's Pizza and ordered a Hawaiian pizza.It was delivered in 35-40 minutes and was warm. The pizza was in between thick and thin. There was a decent amount of toppings, but I always welcome more.Their delivered pizza was okay. I would guess that it is a little better when you dine in.
2	Staying at the Radisson, we arrived a tad late to do anything but order in.  The front desk handed us several menus and we chose Mineo's.  We ordered Italian Wedding soup, a mini Pepperoni pizza, and an Italian Calzone.  After waiting for 45 minutes, I was given the honor of treking down to the front desk to get my order.  The pizza truly was a mini and had a mediocre taste.  The crust, sauce and toppings were fairly flavorless.  I went over to get some of the soup but I think there must have been a divorce before arriving since there appeared to be some missing items (meatballs) from the bowl.  The broth and noodles had a decent flavor and were not overly salty.  The calzone was burnt on top and so I abstained from eating any of it.  My friend didn't have a smile.  Thanks Radisson!  I think they are getting a kick-back.
3	Good greasy pizza great for munchies, meatball sub was fire....
1	This place is horrible -- I asked them if I could use the gift certificate at the Mineo's pizza on Murray Avenue in Squirrel Hill and the owner/manager said YES.  I did not realize these two pizza companies are completely different and not the same.  They advertise themselves as Mineos Pizza, but they are not the REAL Mineos.  The owner straight up lied to me to make $ on a gift certificate.  Bad people = Bad Business Karma.
1	How effing dare this place call themselves Mineo's Pizza!  This is nothing more than a typical half-assed Pizza Milano.  Beware locals and travelers alike - this is not to be confused with "Mineo's Pizza HOUSE" located in Squirrel Hill and Mt. Lebanon.
2	Let me just start by saying that I'm a life-long Mineo's fan, and a die-hard one at that.   I've been eating at the Sq. Hill Mineo's for 30 years, and have never had a single bad experience there, in terms of either service or food quality.  I shout their quality far & wide, because I LOVE them. However, my job is out in the West End, and, having forgotten my dinner one night, I searched online & found a Mineo's 2 miles from my work -- hooray!  I called them for pick up and had a slightly weird phone conversation with the girl who answered, when I asked if I could get 3 slices plain, and she responded "I'm not sure if we have any single cuts right now, let me check."  They did (only 2), but she explained to me that they don't make a lot of "single cuts" at night, apparently preferring their customers to order whole pies.  (Meanwhile, I've been ordering 2 or 3 cuts plain from the Sq. Hill location at least twice a month for 30 years, and they've never so much as blinked at the order.)  Whatever.  So I go to pick up the pizza & bring it back to work, excited to sit down to it.  I was VERY disappointed, to say the least.  The pizza tastes NOTHING like the Mineo's I've been eating my entire life -- which it absolutely should, as it's a small family-owned local chain, and I know for a fact the recipe is the same at all locations.  However, this pizza had thicker dough (not necessarily a bad thing), the sauce was significantly less well-spiced, and the cheese was as bland as I've ever had.  Honestly, Papa John's would have had more flavor, and that's saying something.  I've no idea if all the other Mineo's locations do as poorly as this one does, but suffice it to say, I'll be sticking to the Sq. Hill location for the next 30 years too.
1	This place is horrible, I do not know why I keep giving them chance after chance. Ordered a gyro wedgie tonight to fulfill my gyro craving because I was too lazy to head out to Olympos Gyros and rather stay in watching football. BIG MISTAKE. Their frozen shredded gyro meat actually didn't taste too bad. The amount was minimal though. You couldn't of filled a $4-5 gyro with the amount of meat in this huge $11.99 wedgie. The lettuce on it looked outdated, a lot of brown, and slimy.  All I picked off and ate was the gyro meat & feta. A good $2.00 worth. Not sure where my other $9.99 went to. I made a New Years Resolution, never to order from this garbage overpriced place again. Come on they put Marzetti ranch dressing in containers so you think they made it. LOL. More classy than the packets they used to give out though.For the reviewers that do not know: This is owned by Pizza Milano and in no way affiliated with Mineos Pizza House of Squirrel Hill/Mt Leb.
