3	I can usually find things here.. and generally like shopping here.the one complaint I have is service from ayoung lady who was didn't sympathize with my situation when I tried tocome in and exchange something i bought on sale.long story short: in the clearanceaisle, I purchased a hair serum that was in a container equipped with a pump to get the serum out.. a product that wouldotherwise have been 12.00 was marked down to 6 something.. so i was sold.  went home, and the pump was gone.  and it wasn't a a twist off pump either.  the only way I could get that serum out was to cut the bottle in half.so I bring it back, and the annoying lady helping me states the obvious, that the discount was probably givenbecause of the broken pump. [noduh b]. so she continues being annoying by telling me that I can't return the item because it was for sale, to which Ireply: it's fine.. i just want a new one.   of course it's impossible to get a new one w/out paying the difference of a full priced bottle.  -_-  'wha?'manager said the same thing.. yes, I put up a fight and suggested that they not sellsuch items.. because, it's just dumb. so, yes, they were selling me a product impossible to use. and pissed meoff cause they fought to the death tosay, finalprice means: no bitch.. we willcompromise out customer service and common sense to stickto the policy.  at the end of this, i got my 6.00 store credit, along with a chipon my shoulder for all that ridiculousness. whack!anyway, they got a lot of stuff otherwise. housewares, clothes, shoes, purses, toys, etc.. good stuff.
5	This is my favorite TJ Maxx in Vegas! It's always really clean and they usually have the best selection of name brand things at discount prices :) I actively buy my purses here!
4	The kid wanted to pick up a few casual clothes so I took him here to do some shopping.  He was able to find a few things....sweats, t-shirts, and other random stuff.This store is much cleaner and nicer than most of the others in town.  I'm guessing it's one of the newer stores because of the neighborhood it's in.  The employees were nice and helped him find what he was looking for.  Overall, it was a decent shopping day.Return Factor - 80%
4	Store is in Centennial Hills. So it is nice and clean. Associates when requested are always earger to help. Lots of Sports apparel in the store. Dodger, Angel, and of course Running Rebel gear.
5	This store is the BEST place to find quality kitchen and home decor items, and a pretty good place to find clothing too. Look in the clearance sections first, you will not believe the bargains you will find! I almost always find several things I didn't know I needed:) And the jewelry section is one my favorite places to find jewelry at AWESOME prices!
4	When this location gets shipments in, I like to go to the Durango location because they always have a few great selections to choose from. When I am in a pinch and need some cute, new clothing, TJ Maxx is one of the first nearby places that I love to shop at :) There are a variety of selections including clothes, shoes, bags, scarves, home, and even some select foods!! Recently, this TJ Maxx has been compiling a respectable beauty section. There is specialty makeup, brushes, nail polish, and even beauty blenders for cheap! Although the store is messy, i do have to say that it has pretty good customer service! I am always doing quick returns and fast purchases at the front!
5	Always great deals on quality products, 25-40% of retail.   Wonderful selection on everything.  Sale items on clearance throughout the store.
1	I come here often but lately the lack of intelligent staff has me going elsewhere. I can't stand spending my money when the people you buy from are rude and treat you as if you should know where everything is. If you can't assist me in locating what I need odds are I won't return. Don't even think about coming when it's close to closing time they shut down their stations and don't announce they are closing. And will proudly tell u im sorry we are closed we forgot to lock the doors or announce it. I love tjm don't get me wrong it's this location that just sucks.
4	Very clean and organized...even the clearance area was organized...I would like to see more clearance merchandise, but otherwise a nice place to shop
4	Who doesn't love great deals? We all want to save a buck while getting quality stuff. Tj maxx offers this by giving you designer stuff at pretty much an outlet store price. The people in here are always so friendly and helpful. They just redid the fitting rooms which are super nice now. The only complaint I may have is that they seem to have a but less of a selection compared to some other TJ maxx stores. Maybe it's a smaller store or maybe they receive less inventory, I couldn't tell you. I love the store and whenever I need a new top or something quickly or I am just in the mood to shop this is my go-to store. I always find something I love in here!
