4	The variety of flavors is impressive.  Don't get two flavors with black pepper together for instance, it builds, otherwise one (olive oil and black pepper for example) with other flavors is very good.  The Berry White is good, as is the Coconut.  The Italian Wedding Cake is also good, if a bit sweet.  I think it would be very difficult to complain about choosing bad flavors because they will allow you to sample just about as much as you want.It does tend toward the pricey side but that is the reality of ice cream and gelato places.  It's worth going to.  Even if you end up with a 'normal' flavor like triple vanilla or coconut (my favorite), you can try crazier ones and everyone wins.
5	I appreciate the innovative flavors. The chocolate coconut curry (though these are three of my very favorites things on earth) is a little too strange to eat a full serving of, but great to taste! The sea salted caramel is fantastic.
5	I think the Mediterranean Sea Salt Caramel gelato is addicting. Amazing array of flavors, get 3 of them (the weirder the better), and then go back for more. Good selection of magazines also. Great place to catch up with friends, especially when it's humid out.
4	Very delicious! I'm not going to rave about all the flavor blah blah blah..because everyone already has int their reviews!The boy and I just returned from Italy 3 weeks ago, and this place still seemed pretty authentic considering it's in Madison. Why the 4 stars?The woman behind the counter was friendly and helpful..until we asked for brewed coffee.She didn't have a pot ready.Her response.. "Well, I guuuuueess I could put one on for you. It'll take a few minutes."Not rude, just put out sounding.Which was strange. Since her ENTIRE job is to serve customers their orders.And ours wasn't complicated, or annoying or even strange. Just wanted some coffee with our gelato.We didn't wait, just took the yummy gelato goodness to go.But really..4 very pleasant customers, 2 of whom want coffee...is that so hard/annoying?
5	I was driving home to Minneapolis from Chicago and had a major craving for sweets. I pulled out my nifty Yelp iPhone app and searched for the nearest Gelato. Paciugo popped right up and it was only about a 5ish mile detour from the highway.  This place is so awesome. There are so many flavors! In between the boy and I, we had 5 different flavors.  Everything was so delicious.  They are pretty inventive with what they make.  I saw a lot of combinations I've never seen before. I was like Gelato heaven. :) It is way too bad that I live in Minneapolis...I will be back again next time I head east on I-94!
4	Delish! It's awesome getting so many flavors in one little cup, and they were all fantastic. (Today: Pistachio Almond, Chocolate Peanut Buttter, Chocolate Hazelnut, and Peanut Butter Cookies & Cream)
5	Paciugo is one of the best places to go in downtown Madison if you have a sweet tooth. Over at Cold Stone you get an ugly pound of mashed ice cream. Over here the gelato is so savory that you only need to eat a small spoonful at a time. And because of that, their smallest cup (which is less than $5) is enough to satisfy you and another person.On top of that, even the smallest cup comes with 3 different flavors of their ice cream. You get an additional flavor for each size. And there's so many unusual and amazing flavors. On my last visit, I had a Chocolate Hazelnut, Peppermint (which tastes like actual peppermints), and Chocolate Raspberry.  There's so many more, that it's really difficult to not find something that you'll like. You can take as many samples as you want before you actually pick something.
5	When I left to Italy over a year ago, I was incredibly depressed knowing I'd probably never be able to find that quality of gelato ever again in America. I was so wrong.A few months later, I stumbled into Paciugo on a whim--it's one of those things you pass by on State St. and can easily miss if you're not paying too much attention. But if you do, that's an honest to god tragedy.Paciugo is, hands down, the most creative "ice cream" place in Madison. They change their flavors regularly, but I'm always excited when they have any Amaretto-based flavors. Their Wedding Cake and Caramel flavors are so rich and taste like you're honestly eating a piece of the finest wedding cake you've ever had in your life.It's not exactly cheap, but it's not pricey either. You get three flavors in a small and its a decent size as well. I would most definitely pick this over Coldstone, though.
3	This place makes great gelato at reasonable prices. I think they could offer more variety in terms of vegan options (most were fruit-based, other than one chocolate option), but this was good stuff on a whole: creamy; rich; unusual.I like that you can mix and match and get a large cup with three different flavors. The chocolate was excellent, as was the strawberry lemonade.I'd probably come here over The Chocolate Shoppe down the street, which does offer soy ice cream, but isn't that great.
5	I've always wanted to try rich creamy gelato and this was the perfect place to do that. The Mediterranean Sea Salt Caramel was to die for. The kids were happy with their Bubble Gum choice. The manager was so nice. He let the kids try all of the flavors and was very informative. He told us all about the different flavor and how often they change the flavors for the day. I only wish we lived closer to try them all. It was a bit pricey but well worth it given the fact you could mix and match. This is a definite must do on any trip to Madison.
4	Stopped by after dinner today; they had several tasty options of gelato.  Very nice.
4	The gelato is great, it's rich and creamy and made fresh daily! It's a little on the pricy side but they give you a lot so it's well worth the money.
3	Good gelato in Madison. Nothing amazing, but there is a good selection of flavors. Free samples are often given outside the store, but if you want to try more than one flavor, you have to go inside. I had a coupon for a free cup of gelato, and free's always good!
5	The first time I had Paciugo's was at a mall in the food court. It was a heavenly memorable experience.When I saw the one within biking distance on State Street, I squealed with happiness! (Recently relocated to Madison from Ohio).Rotating flavors, something for everyone. Decadent. Incredible. Delicious.I die. Sorry, FroYo... over you :)
4	They have ROSE flavor!!! Was good but not as great as what I had in Paris. They have lots of common and unusual flavors. Service could of came with a smile thou.
5	I wanna eat the very bestLike no one ever hasTo eat them all is my real testTo enjoy them is my causeI will travel across the landSearching far and wideEach gelato to understandThe taste that is insideGelato, its you and meI know it's my destinyGelato, oh, you're so deliciousyou melt inside my mouthGelato, your milky goodnessalways put me in a good moodYou tempt me and I'll eat youGelato, gotta eat 'em all!Anyways, if that wasn't enough to convince you to go to Paciugo's, then I don't know what will. I know this might be blasphemous, but the gelato at Paciugo is comparable to those I've had in Italy. And trust me, I've had a loooot of gelato.This place has, hands down, the best gelato in America.
5	YES to small cups of dreamy sweetness.This is the only place that will get me to trudge through the snow (and a blizzard!) for a cold concoction. The flavors are insaaaaaane and change all the time. Sure, sure you can get your chocolate, but why not get chocolate sesame crunch instead, or even chocolate jalapeno? Yes, they went there.I got the chocolate Guinness which is as good and rich as it sounds. Chocolate and beer should get married, because that sh!t is cray. It tastes like an attractive Irish man with a box of chocolates is hugging me.Portions are small, because gelato is as rich as George Clooney. Get yourself down here.
4	Paciugo has CLOSED!A new gelato place has taken over this location though - La Coppa.  A friend and I ate there this past weekend and they were very good - just need to expand their variety of flavors to some that a little more inventive, as Paciugo did.
