1	If I could leave no stars I would. Yes they have a little better of a property then the one across the street but they have switched owners plus their management has changed 3 times in 5months. The new management cant seem to handle the properties request In a timely matter. Almost a month ago I requested they fix my front door so the ac doesnt go right out it and I request the light in my second room to be fixed. Neither has been done. When I first moved in back at the end of march it took them almost two months to fix my ac unit. Now after a big rain storm I had a leak that I reported as soon as I noticed it. I called later on that same day and told them they are going to need to replace the carpet because its going to stink and get moldy. Now a few days later I come into the house and it reaks. No one has bothered to do anything and only excuses are made as to why they didnt schedule an appointment for the carpet the day I told them it was getting water damage. So now I have to wait for maintenance to come up again and then because management doesnt know how to schedule an appointment based on a tenants word that the carpet is damaged, I have to wait once again and be stuck in a place where they obviously dont car to fix things in a timely manner. Believe me this place is worth avoiding. I have one major thought of just telling them I am moving out and dealing with what ever fees I inquire for breaking my lease. Thats how bad this place is. Oh and to add to the matter, the who property is crawling with bugs and forget asking them to take care of it. They basically repainted the old property and threw new carpet down and painted the walls. They didnt bother puting insulation in the walls to help with noise control,  I have to tip toe up my stairs so my neighbors downstairs wont hear us. And if I walk through my kitchen at night, forget it I will have a noise complaint in the morning to hear about. Sad thing is when I moved in rent was 749 in march, now for the same apartment they are charging 949. Onlything that is good about the townhouse is that its large. Besides that, everything is bad. And out of all the people in the office, leanna is the only one that will tell you the truth and not waste your time. The manager will create bullshit stories and not bother to try to help. Stay far away from this property
1	This building is ran down & full of roaches, mold n mildew the new management sucks & the new manager is racist she walks around the building cussing tenants out the rent is to high for the area its baby La then the maintenance takes along time to fix anything riverstone residential group the area is horrible police is always in out the building don't walk to da store I've seen two dead bodies in one month on dis block don't move here is 1500 to break lease is not worth the problems n dats all their is in this facility
