5	I called this place yesterday to have flowers delivered to my daughter at school. They are very helpful and reasonably priced. Thanks Thompson Flower shop!
1	I just went into the flower shop during normal business hours and was told that there's nobody able to work there so I cannot get a flower they asked why I was there. I told him I was there to get flowers and they said we're sorry you can't get any flowers here I said but isn't this a flower shop and they said yes but unfortunately we don't have anybody that is working.
5	I have never written a review. Outstanding service! I called from out of state to request a birthday bouquet to be delivered today. The flowers were:  to quote the recipient : "FRAGRANT", "DELICIOUS",  "GORGEOUS" "1 of the BEST bouqets I have ever seen" "the vase is completely full and LUSH"I liked the idea of supporting a family owned business and greatly appreciate the service. Thanks Thompson Flower Shop!
5	A small floral shop with excellent customer service. Erika was great to work with and she was very friendly and understanding. She worked with my budget and her creations were amazing! I can't say enough good things about this place. I highly recommend this shop.
5	Thank you for the magnificent flower arrangements you created for the Palish/Levy wedding at the Rockefeller Country Club on August 15th, 2010. When we first all sat down together to try to "concertize" the vision that Jill had, I didn't quite get it, but you did. You were able to take that vision and create the look she wanted. The resulting centerpieces were unusual, sophisticated and stunning. So many people during and after the party made reference to the flowers. They said they had never seen anything like that before. In addition, Theo, You are the easiest person to work with. You truly enhanced our evening.
5	I live in the Caribbean and got married in Goodyear, AZ. My reception was at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square. When I mentioned flowers, the hotel's Senior Events Manager said ""I know exactly where you should go Thompson's Flower Shop", and he was so right.
