1	Sucks balls and not the good kind....I'd give it half a star if I could. These apartments have not been updated in 20 years. If you want new appliances you have to pay $200.00 more per month but the upgrades are minimal. The cabinets still fall off the hinge and the carpet is past the point of shampoo helping it! You can hear every foot step above and next to your apartment. And how many times do the police have to visit one complex before you have the right to vacate your lease on safety concerns? DO NOT RENT THERE!!!
1	One star is too much for this complex. We moved in 6 months ago after walking through the "model" apartment. It was very nice, updated and seemed perfect. Upon moving into our apartment we soon learned it was nothing like we expected. Our neighbor upstairs is so loud I am abruptly woken up at 4 am when he gets up. I know this comes with being in an apartment but I'm talking stomping all day long!! The unit is so old, it smells old, the huge roman bathtub is disgusting, even after scrubbing with comet I cannot enjoy a bath. Our dishwasher doesn't open bc the fridge is blocking the door. And the one time we did run it I was scared something caught on fire bc the dishwasher smelled like something was burning. The microwave is so old and stained in a yellow and orange color. I can't believe they're allowed to put something so old and dirty into a unit!! Our backdoor can easily be knocked off the lock, as with many of the windows. My bf had to buy rods for every window and door to prevent unwanted visitors from easily coming in. The pool has never been cleaned since we have been here, no chlorine smell whatsoever and there is garbage, bugs and other debris floating. We had to replace our own air filters bc there were NONE!! We couldn't figure out why he and my son kept getting respiratory infections. Then one day my mom said Change the filters-waala NONE were ever jn place to begin with. The staff is so incredibly rude, and quiet honestly heartless. They tack on crazy fees if your rent is late, even if it's the first time ever in 6 months. I would recommend paying the extra $30 to stay somewhere that actually cares about their tenants and the upkeep of their complex. I wouldn't recommend this place to ANYONE unless you love coming home to an old, smelly and incredibly overpriced apartment!
5	Been living here since Dec 2012 and haven't had any issues. Maintenance is always prompt and courteous, the leasing agents are complete sweethearts and there aren't a lot of children running around. Love their pools and the amount of windows in my 2 bedroom apartment. A few minutes from 3 different parks, close to all kinds of shopping (especially the shopping center across the street) and never any noise complaints or outrageous police presence. Worth every cent!
1	I don't live here but I've been trying to rent an apartment from them.  I keep getting phone calls that a unit is available, but I go there and it's already rented.  Many of us simply can't just leave our jobs and go rushing off in the middle of the day.  I told them I couldn't get there until after work, but they don't care.  First come, first served.  Then today I get another phone call that a unit is going to be available.  I tell them that I am unable to come down there until after work and can they hold it for me?  They say, yes, but I'll have to complete the paperwork online and use a credit card for the application fee.  Fine, I'm good with that.  Fifteen minutes later, another call from the leasing office. Yeah, sorry, that unit was already rented.  Seriously?  Enough of this nonsense and incompetence.  There are plenty of other comparable choices in the neighborhood to pick from.
1	Updating my review based off of my last 4 months of residency here. If there is a repair you want done, don't expect it to be done unless its very important. I have been living in an apartment that has needed almost constant upkeep since June. Also, if there is an issue with anything having to deal with rent MAKE SURE YOU RECORD/GET RECEIPTS. they will not hold up their end of anything and you will regularly be at fault. The women in the front office (Except Paloma, she is amazing and unfortunately she is at another property) are incompetent female dogs. If I could give negative stars I would. Living here for the last two years and I am literally counting down the days until the end of my lease term. DO NOT MOVE HERE. For the price, you can do so much better.
1	By far the most incompetent staff ive.ever comebin contact with. Been living here for 11 years, paid our rent BEFORE the first of the month, and still had nothing but problems. Last year we had to transfer from one apt to another.because of major maintenance issues. Twice we had to be put up in a hotel.because of major slab leaks in the master bedroom closet. Then we had numerous other major problems. So we are in a different apt for a year, and still had major problems here including having a rat staring at us on my terrace. Anyway we pay our october rent on sept 30, ask what.concession we are getting off from renewing our lease and they tell us we.should hear by the next day. oh we heard.the next day alright, we.came home and found a 30 day no.cause notice to quit in our.door. Frantic i.called the office for an explanation and was told there is none. i.called corporate,.same answer. so.if anyone is even.considering moving here.DONT. They had no problem putting 2 senior citizens on a fixed income out with no explanation whatsoever.
5	I'm sad to see the other reviews on this place. My boyfriend moved here in November, and he loves it! He did a walk through in August, and they had one available then, or in October or in November. So you can definitely rent easily here, depending on availability. First of all, the landscaping is gorgeous. I feel like I'm walking through California with all of the trees. It's extremely quiet, one of the CHEAPEST apartments in one of the best neighborhoods, the pool is open 24/7, and maintenance is always on site. The gym also has quite a few machines, and the bus line runs right on Sahara! The ladies in the front are lovely and extremely helpful, same goes for the maintenance team. My man got his carpets and vents cleaned, and they even replaced his fridge. The experience is very personal compared to other apartment offices. It does smell like ass at first, but he got incense as well as a wax burner and candles. Smells great now!
