5	We recommend Dr. Amols and the staff at AZ Assoc for Reproductive Health! We ended up needing an emergency ultrasound on our way out of town over the holidays and they were so kind to squeeze us in (where many others couldn't, since it was so last minute.) They provided us with the necessary information we needed with our diagnosis! They also provided us with important phone numbers in case we needed to contact the DR in the event of an emergency - which made us feel so comforted! Karen, the office manager is also amazing! She is going far out of her way to help us with insurance benefits. I am sure many know how rediculous it can be to work with insurance for infertility...and Karen has been SO helpful to assist us with billing and other insurance issues.They have a great team and would recommend them!!
1	I absolutely love dr amols! However, not very impressed with his front office at all! I have received multiple bills several months after treatment and am a cash patient and was told everything is a flat fee per procedure! It's also so hard to get ahold of them....
5	I love Dr. Amols and the entire staff of AzARH. My husband and I tried for 2 and a half years to have a child and all it took was the help of Dr.Amols and his staff to make our dreams come true. We are currently pregnant with twins and couldn't be happier. You will not find a kinder, more compassionate doctor anywhere else in Arizona.
1	As an egg donor, I have worked with Dr. Patel on four different cycles. However, not even the compensation motivates me to ever donate again-- due to my experience here. Not only does my experience leave a sour taste, but medical records were released without verbal or written authorization. Karen and Anne continually fail to return my emails and calls regarding why they were released!! I definitely do not recommend.
1	Although we liked Dr Patel I have to agree with the other reviews that the front and back office staff have much to be desired.We overpaid the amount owed his office and even though his office acknowledges that they owe us the money in over three months we do not have it.We have emailed the office manager every 7-10 days. She'll respond saying that she'll look into it and get back to us but never does. Very aggravating.There are many great doctors out there to choose from. I don't know how you would know how the support staff is until you actually do business with the clinic. If you decide to go with AARH I hope you have a better experience than we did.BTW, this is not the first time that we experienced horrible communication with the staff there but this was the one that pushed me over the edge to let others know.
5	My husband and I had been trying to conceive for almost 2 years. We were fortunate to get pregnant twice, but miscarried both times. It was devastating. We were referred to Dr. Patel through our OBGYN. After working with him for just two short months, we were able to conceive for a third time and were able to keep this pregnancy. We are so excited and grateful Dr. Patel's assistance. Not only was he able to assist us in such a short period of time, but he also made the experience a very comforting one. We felt very safe with him and enjoyed working with him. I would recommend Dr. Patel to anyone.
1	I am a new patient.....I came in and signed In for my appt, when I did no one at the front desk greeted me. I now have been here for 20 mins and still no one has acknowledged me or given me any paperwork to fill out. The office is small so there is no reason for the staff to ignore or forget about their patients when they enter the office. As I sit here and listen to the front office staff I can tell they are very unorganized and can use some training in customer service.
