4	This is the really deal, the pizza comes in huge slices with lots of toppings and tastes delicious.  It's a real taste of New York, and the service is fast and friendly.  I was kind of impresses with how personable they were.  They even have a nice selection of wine and beer to go along with the great food.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu yet, but they do have pasta dishes and subs for those who don't want pizza for some reason.
4	Good authentic NY pizza, taste just like the pizza from B'klyn. When you order they give you a street sign to identify you and your order; all the street signs I saw are authentic. I am a native of B'klyn.
4	I'm not a New Yorker, so cannot say if it's "the real deal", but I know I really love their New York style pizza.  Have only gone into NY style Pizza myself, but daughter really liked the ravioli, and their pannini sandwiches are huge.Serving staff are friendly, and this is a great place to take the family.  Several TVs for watching sports too.
2	I have eaten at Brooklyn Pizza a couple of times, I've been when it was delicious and I have been when it was not.  Once we ordered stromboli and it was raw in the middle, so I had to finish it off in my oven at home. That is strange for a pizza place not to have that down to a science.Tonight we went in and I knew it was going to be family central.  People, if you have kids it is a great place to have dinner.  Families are loaded in there and it is loud.  If you do not like kids, this is one mouse away from being Chuck E Cheese.  We had a couple of beers, salad, garlic knots and two slices, $16.  My slice was not hot, it was like they just handed it to me from sitting in the window.  I would go back if someone invited me, but I would never suggest it.
4	Authentic NYC?  Fuhgiddaboutit.  I'm partial to the Chiacgo-style pies of my midwestern roots, but this is very solid NY-style pizza ... certainly not bad as far as South Charlotte goes.  The Nonna's pie is great when you add a toppiing or two.  Excellent creativity on the menu (even if some of the combos don't come off all that well, they get serious points for sticking their necks out and trying).  Great spot for young families.  If you're going on  Friday night you had better be there before 6pm -- the parking area can be cramped and this place can be really busy ... so plan ahead even if you are only doing carry-out.  Best pizza for our money in South Charlotte since Mellow Mushroom left town.  And it is a bit more money -- these are not $5 Domino's pies ... but they do come up with some nice creations on their rotating menu.
5	There are two GREAT pizza places in South Charlotte, and this is one of them.  Do yourself a favor, and eat here!
5	Surprised I have not rated this excellent pizza place as we have been regulars for years.  Funny how that happens.They really have great pies.  Yeasty dough, not thick and not cracker thin, but just right.  Tomato sauce with flavor and even a cheese pizza is special.  Have yet to get out of our rut to try Stromboli and other such items, but did "get out there" to do their penne vodka and it was GREAT!  Oh Lord...does this mean that I will be in a decision loop trying to decide on which one each time?  Or will I just get both and split them with wife?Full bar, lots of room and you regularly see kid athletic teams having their parties there.  Fits right in without a problem.  Take-out is normal and those pies stay hot for quite some time.  And pizza is great for breakfast with just a microwave heat-up.New Yorkers will poo-poo anything, regardless of flavor and quality unless it is made in "The City" so ignore them and enjoy Brooklyn Pizza as it is REALLY good.
4	The food is awesome.  The atmosphere is awesome.  Unfortuately, the temperature during the heat of spring and summer is unbearable.  It is way too hot inside the restaurant to enjoy your food.
5	Can not say how much I love this place. These guys are from NY and make real NY pizza. I cant find another place like this in Charlotte. If you do let me know I will try it. This is the only place I go for pizza and its 30 mins away from where I live. MUST TRY...
5	This pizza place is the closest thing to NY.  Don't get me wrong, the feel of the place does not make you forget that you are in Charlotte and are eating at some local pizza joint in Queens or Brooklyn.  But if you close your eyes and use a bit of imagination, you might think you are! Yes, the pizza is that good.  Being a home-grown NY guy,  I can say that I'm lucky to have had the best pizza in the country whenever I wanted.  Now that I'm in Charlotte (and anywhere else for that matter), good pizza is hard to come by.  Besides your run-of-the-mill Pizza chains like Pizza Hut and Dominoes (all of which I am not a fan of), I think the best pizza places are those which you can grab a quick bite to eat.  In NY, we refer to these joints as "street corner" pizza places.  BK Pizza Parlor is that type of place - but also has the feel of a restaurant.  I had the regular cheese pizza - no need to get all fancy.  The crispy crust, tasty sauce, and whopping amounts of gooey cheese made this place the best pizza place i have had in Charlotte.  I definitely recommend!
3	Good for an almost quick lunch. You order at counter and then your order is delivered. Pizza is good, thin crusted and not oily. Just don't understand how long it takes to heat 4 slices of pizza. It was Sunday afternoon and not very crowded. Service people are friendly and are ready to please.
2	So I've noticed quite a few excellent reviews on this place, however I'm probably not going to make the authors very happy!! In all honesty I'd rate this place 2.5. I should rate them a 1 considering my friend ended up with food poisoning however I did not so 2.5 it is!! I ordered a slice of pepperoni/mushroom pizza and the zucchini sticks. The pizza was alright, not great. It wasn't really hot and I could tell all they did was take a slice of pepperoni and throw some mushrooms on it before halfway heating it up. They pretty much all fell off as the cheese wasn't even melted enough to make them stick. The taste would have been there had it been a fresh pizza made to order I think. My crust was hard as a rock due to sitting for so long and the halfway reheat.  I will say however the zucchini sticks were awesome, absolutely loved those but zucchini is my favorite vegetable!! The Marinara dipping sauce for them was watery, cold, and lacking in spice/flavor.  Maybe we went at a bad time, or maybe the trick is to order an entire pizza (that isn't pre-made).  I really want to believe that I hit this place on a bad afternoon so I will be back to try them again (if only to get the zucchini sticks... did I mention they were good!!)  I'll review again at that time and hope I don't end up with the same fate my friend did!!
3	Long ago, when I first moved to the QC, I worked in this area and used to frequent this place with friends or for lunch. It's nothing special, but rather just your run-of-the-mill neighborhood/family pizza place. I've been here a few times since and have been pleased each time. Namely, the Hawaiian Luau Pizza is a favorite. The sauteed onions are a wonderful touch and, surprisingly, fantastic when eaten cold. I'd get this every time. The interior is as expected. Booths, tables, kitschy decor, and tons of appeal for little league baseball teams/NY enthusiasts alike. A-OK in my book.
2	Nice place, lousy pizza.Stopped there for lunch, the special was "two slices of specialty pizza" Ok I ordered one meat and one vegetarian. I take a glimpse at the pizzas and see they're only half baked, kind of makes sense when you have little traffic and the stuff may sit around for hours. The downside is that they take longer to heat up but that didn't bother me.What bothered me is that when the pizza slices arrived the crust was tasted and felt like cardboard, there weren't anywhere cheesy enough, and I didn't like the toppings one bit. The sausage and ham were sliced and chopped to the size of confetti, the vegetarian slice was overwhelmed by a load of under-cooked peppers  NY pizza, this? I've had better pizza at the food court of shopping malls. Since pies are baked to order , very possibly they're not that bad but as far as slices go , meh I've had a LOT better.
4	Yo! This place is like a slice of New Yawk in South Charlotte. Great pizza, Strombolis, da works. My accent starts coming back the minute I walk through the door. Do ya self a favor and check it out!
4	First, I believe in Chicago pizza. This pizza though, I liked it. I thought I wasn't going to, being a Chicago girl & all, but it surprised me. We tried the nonna pizza & it was a good choice for us. Simple but tasty. We also tried their zucchini sticks which were very yummy! I love that they were more tempura battered. So good! I look forward to our return.
4	Good crust and looks legit but a little bland (think it was just an off night).  The chicken cutlet sandwich was good.
5	For Charlotte this is as good as it gets.  Everything on the menu is good.  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is fun.   Try it, you'll like.
5	Deb and I are from Jersey, right near NYC, so we have a specific idea of what pizza should look and taste like, something that can't be understood unless you've had NY pizza. So, we are constantly on the lookout for NY style pizza, which actually gets advertised quite a bit since it's understood that's a good standard to try and achieve. Almost all the time, we are very disappointed, so much so that we were very pessimistic when we tried Brooklyn Pizza for the first time last weekend. We ordered a whole pie, so it was fresh and hot when delivered to the table. It was just about spot on, crust, sauce, cheese, pepperoni, etc. It could have been made in NYC, that's how good this pizza was, surprised the heck out of us (very pleasant surprise). For us, this is an amazing find, now we can depend on great pizza, just the way we like it. So, if anyone is looking for NY style pizza, unlike every other place in Charlotte that says they do it NY style, this place actually serves it. Doesn't get much better.
5	Outstanding and authentic NY style pizzas. Try the Nona's Pizza. It's probably the best Sicilian style pizza I've ever eaten. The wings are good! As a Buffalo, NY area native, I can say that their chicken wings do not disappoint! Just make sure to order them "crispy!"
5	This place is great.  I'm from NY originally and the pizza is the best I've had since moving down to Charlotte.  There are a lot of tables in this place and it is a very open layout.  There are many types of pizzas to choose from - we went with the plain NY style pizza & Nonna's pie.  Both were amazing and we can't wait to go back and try more of their menu.  The staff is all very friendly and helpful which is nice.  They have a pretty extensive beer/wine selection and offer specials on Thursdays, which are pretty good.
5	This is now a weekly treat for pizza. This is authentic New York style pizza, indistinguishable from pie you'd get in NYC. Lots of places claim NYC style, this place actually comes through 100%. Nice staff, pleasant decor, an outside searing area, and by far the best pizza in Charlotte.
5	I have Celiac disease, and I'm telling you this place has the most divine Gluten Free pizza!  We used to go in all the time until May of this year when I was diagnosed. At that point I was depressed that I would never again have their fantastic New York style pizza. Being the sweet soul that I am, I tagged along one day with my husband and little boy (resigned to have a salad). Much to my surprise, they had a sign on the counter now offering GF personal pies! Obviously I was elated, and ordered a personal hawaiian (my favorite). IT. TASTED. JUST. LIKE. THE. REGULAR!! Seriously delicious. For everyone out there with Celiac, let them know that you have the disease and they will make sure your pizza does not have contact with any wheat flour. I have eaten there several times since, and I have not gotten sick. They are super friendly and their crust is delicious!!
3	This place used to be much better than it is now.  The pizza is mediocre compared to other NY style pizza in the area. That could explain why this place is empty when other pizza places are full.  They also nickel and dime you too and blame it on the ownership. Want some extra croutons on your salad after spending $30 on a meal.  Well, that will be more $$.
5	Yum!  This was my first visit to Brooklyn Pizza Parlor, and it won't be my last.  I was impressed at how BIG the restaurant is, how nicely decorated it is, and how it's not just your typical "big room" restaurant.  There are several types of tables, with divisions throughout (including a fireplace right in the middle of the room), so you can feel like you're getting some privacy no matter where you sit.  You order at the counter and then they bring your food out to you when it's ready.  There are many menu choices besides pizza (although you can buy it by the slice or by the pie), including sandwiches, salads, and pasta.  This first time, we opted for the pizza.  We split a "Meatza" Pizza and a White Pizza, which are just what you'd expect by their names.  Both were delicious and came out fresh and hot.  The service was very friendly and attentive.  Even though we just ordered waters, many people stopped by at different times to see if we needed refills.  Brooklyn Pizza Parlor is a casual dining restaurant, yet it feels nicer than a lot of casual dining restaurants.  Best of all, Santa Claus was in the next booth over with a pizza, so you know it has to be good!
3	Love the pizza and hate the lighting.   Please get bulbs that have have a bottom filter as the lights are so glaring.  Very cozy place yet feels like I'm under a spot light.
4	I ordered catering from here for new years.  Stromboli, Penne Vodka, Baked Ziti, garlic knots, and a nonas pizza.The food was a hit.  Everything came labeled with instructions for reheating and everything tasted delicious.This by far my families favorite place for pizza and bow its my go to place for catering.
