5	We had a poor installation on our first Noritz Tankless and it was leaking and ruined the unit after only 2 years (Service Max). Called The Water Heater Man for repairs. Randy and Valentino assessed the situation, contacted Noritz and had a new unit installation done, inspected, and had us up and running again quickly. They were reasonably priced, honest and explained all our options. Our gas line for the tankless was installed incorrectly by Service Max and was never inspected. Randy and crew reinstalled it and we passed inspection with no problem. I can't say enough about this company! I will definately be calling them for any and all my plumbing needs. Great Job Guys! Thank you for everything!!
5	We had a tankless system installed a few years ago by a different company that did an improper install and could have caused serious damage to our home.  We called  The Water Heater Man and they worked with Noritz, were able to get us a warranty replacement and then they properly installed and inspected the new unit and ventilation.  A few weeks ago we called them for a minor plumbing leak and they had it fixed quickly and the charges were reasonable.  Nice to have a company that we can trust.  Thank You!
5	I went from a traditional water heater to a tankless Noritz System. After many profoundly inflated estimates I found Randys company, 'The Water Heater Man'. The estimate was on target and the job was done perfectly and passes city inspection the first time. Even the city inspector stated the job was well done and you can see they took the time and did not cut any corners with the venting system. I will use the Water Heater Man for all my household and renal units needs! Thank you all the people who work there!
5	Had a complicated water heater replacement that needed to be done. I scheduled a meeting for an estimate. They didn't give me a 4 hour window, the met me at an appointed time. They have me a solid estimate that was considerably less than the other 3 companies. I scheduled the appointment and the guys were early. The took around 3,5 hours to do a job that takes about 4 hours. All the new stuff is in and working great. Had an issue on a Saturday, the tech cam out to look at it and determined it wasn't a plumbing issue, but an HVAC one. He explained what the issue was. While he didn't know the exact part, he did know where to look and how to duplicate the  issue.Thanks to everyone for a great install and service over and above on a weekend.
5	Called The Water Heater Man's office to ask if they could replace a water heater at a rental property today.    The lady who answered the phone was super friendly and helpful.   She confirmed that they could come out today.   Randy (who may be the owner) was in touch with me throughout the day and was very flexible.   I asked if they could meet the tenant at 4:30, and they confirmed.   Overall it was a great experience.   Fantastic customer service and good value.   Really appreciate them being flexible and getting our tenants hot water today.Initially called Sears.   Their initial price was about the same as what we paid with TWHM.   However when the Sear's contractor (third party) showed up he wanted to charge an extra $450 for various things that were 'needed' or 'highly recommended'.   After checking this contractors reviews found out they are notorious for up charging.  We promptly called Sears and cancelled the order.    I then checked Angie's list (should have done this to begin with) and found a couple of service providers with great reviews.   The first one I called could not get out there until next week, so then called The Water Heater Man.   Highly recommend TWHM and would definitely use again.
5	They installed my water heater, the part that broke was still under warranty. The sacrificial rod had given it's all; there was absolutely nothing left, so they installed a new one and drained the heater.  All fixed, and the guys were on time. Water heaters don't last long here, maybe 6-7 years, so be prepared.
5	I would recommend these guys and will keep their number. Kelly was great! He did excellent work. I did check out Home Depot pricing and never did get a quote or call back or a price for the installation. I asked Kelly if he owned the company he said he had been with them 20 years. Great service thank you Kelly.
