5	Excellent creative food pretty much sums it up.  The food and wine were excellent and food was wonderfully prepared with a perfect balance of herbs & spices.  Flavors were great and staff exceptionally attentive.This is a must on the to-do eating spots in the valley.
5	Latilla SHOULD be a destination.  Its remote location at the Boulders resort means most diners are retired tourists, but Phoenicians would be wise to make the trek.  With its impeccable service, stunning surroundings and creative menu, Latilla deserves a spot on the "must-try" list for anyone in the area.  Each plate is a work of art for the eyes as well as the palate.  A modern Mediterranean menu is diverse enough to keep picky foodies happy while still satisfying less-adventurous diners.  A thorough wine list with plenty of reasonably priced Arizona options sets Latilla apart from other resort restaurants.  There are lots of surprises here; including a truly interesting bread basket featuring terrific flat bread, a sumptuous duck appetizer and a to-die-for hazelnut chocolate cake laced with lavender.  Footnote: The restrooms are impeccably clean and smell AMAZING.  I can't remember the last time a visit to a resort washroom was this memorable!
3	I am between a ROCK and a Hard place on this one .  Maybe between a Boulder and a Latilla Ceiling? ( The Boulders Resort )SHORT STORY The dilemma - The food is with out a doubt 4- almost 5 stars good and the atmosphere is off the charts crazy good - BUT $5 charge for sharing an appetizer, an some overly small dinner portions , also service didn't match the AAA Four Diamond they have .LONG STORYAs you pull in to the Boulders Resort it is a whiny scenic one mile journey to the Building that is Latilla 's location . The building is nested between a duck pond with slider turtles and ancient BOULDERS that will leave you breathless . You will marvel at the Latilla ceilings that adorns the restaurant and lounge areas .The restaurant is arranged with mostly booths that are set in an almost orchestra like setting so everyone has view of the magnificent boulders , but unfortunately you will be not able to see since it might be night time and will not be able to view . The booths are an odd shape with lots of room but hard to get in and out of since you have to pull the table out for entering and leaving .The menu we had differed from the one on the website but it did include interesting variety and also included much seafood . Many of the dishes included nutrition information .The appetizer page notes a $5. fee attached to the sharing of appetizers and a $10 fee to the sharing of dinners . We started with a white bean and sausage soup and a tomato salad , both were excellent .The soup was a very light being a broth with beans not cooked down but with texture and only a slight bit of sausage for flavor . The heirloom tomatoes were as fresh as could be and each color had a different taste , the seasoning was minimal and I am not sure if any oil was used it was very light and fresh topped with the smallest amount of a creamy feta cheese and the tastiest fried onion straws (3 teeny pieces I gave one up and confess I desired more since they were so good) . For dinner we had Pheasant that came with a squash puree and greens . I do note the portion of pheasant was very small maybe three ounces of meat after bones . The Black Bass that came with vegetables of caramelized fennel and raisin laced cauliflower . The pistachio veloute sauce was very velvety but also very light and mild and I almost didn't notice pistachios in it . For me everything I tried was done with a very light balanced hand meaning oil , butter and seasonings were minimal so the true flavor is really what you tasted . The portion of black bass was good . We ordered a side of marbled potatoes that we didn't receive . Our waiter didn't order them but had a rush on them so we could get them . The potatoes came out underdone . (marbled potatoes were multi color potatoes the size of marbles) We were not charged for the potatoes .The desserts sounded unusually really wonderful but I was too full to enjoy one. My husband asked for the check and we HAD TO WAIT HALF an HOUR for it while our waiter was running around with his other tables . Now this happens at family style restaurants but at this price range this is unacceptable .We were giving the check with two delicious chocolate truffles and the gratuity wasn't added on even though we used our preferred restaurant card that gave us one dinner for free .My husband suggested two stars for Latilla since his dinner was really the size of a dieting woman's lunch plate , we waited too long for check and the potatoes we ordered were forgotten. We also would have shared a different appetizer but a five dollar charge for sharing an appetizer is ridiculous we were going to a share a more expensive (what we thought was bigger appetizer) so three stars is fair. could have been 5 stars
5	The management thanked me profusely for my input on Yelp and graciously invited me to return as a guest to show me the true Latilla Experience. I was told changes have been made because of reading my YELP review.The changes are that dinner portions are more ample than before, the appetizer plate share charge is gone now and I noticed the web site has been updated. This visit showed little resemblance to the service I had last time. A full staff was on with staff working in sync as a team with all the tables not just mine.I was even more blown away with the food than the last time due to perhaps I picked foods that were more suiting to me some highs were-Beet salad- it was similar to others I had in other places but this one also had HOUSE GROWN BEETS ,Riesling soaked pears and the toasted hazelnuts made the salad  pop with flavor. Foraged mushroom rissotto-correctally made with a depth of flavor, it was good on it's own but this had an added embellishment of a SIXTY TWO DEGREE duck egg. Nicely seasoned and prepared fresh branzino sat on top of ribbon cut caponata, an unusual surprise was the vinaigrette and the ribbon cut string less celery that was very good. We also enjoyed the Kobe Flap steak with wine reduction and tiny marble size multi color potatoes and tasty spinach.Since we skipped the interesting desserts last time we had to try one this time and tried the chocolate hazelnut cake with jam-figs and mascarpone gelato this dessert was garnished with a chocolate sort of lavender crisp and roasted hazelnuts. This dessert was something Iron chef worthy for sure with all the flavors working well together.The service we had was phenomenal.The food at Latilla is masterfully done, the surroundings are majestic and breathtaking. The meal we had wasn't ordinary it was extraordinary!
5	The Boulders is the premiere resort in the Scottsdale area.  The Latilla Room offers wonderful food with human sized portions - a rarity in Cowboy land.  Also the wine list is extraordinary & offers good value.
