4	I have been taking my son to Imagination Avenue for about six months now and do enjoy it.  It is children friendly and he can stay there for hours.  The free wi-fi allows me the opportunity to do review on Yelp while he is playing in one of the numerous theme stations.There are two reasons why it did not score a five star.  First, the inflatable jumper (that thing that kids jump on) was removed.  That to me is a big deal!  Once that was removed, it occurred to me that is half the reason we go there.  Everything else sans the theme stations can be replicated in my living room.The second reason is that the ownership/management changes as often as I get my teeth cleaned!  Yes, I do have teeth and they are well kept!  The problem with recurring changes is that nothing improves.  One Friday that had a kids drop off night.  It was great he had fun and I got to out for dinner at a place that does not have a kiddy meal.  Problem: the place was sold and they no longer have this program available.The cafeteria needs some definite upgrades.Overall, I am happy, but I wish the new owner luck!
5	3/5/11: we met some other families here for our first visit. Separate play area for under 2 years made it a lot easier for me to relax & enjoy watching my son play on his own & with other little ones. We will be back. :)
4	My son's had a great time. The place is not too big where it would be hard to keep track of your kid(s) and it's not too small where you would feel like you are packed in there like sardines. Fortunately, we got there early in the morning when there were not many people there. My boys enjoyed all the playhouses, toys, cars, and train table. I will definitely be taking them back there for more fun times.
3	I brought my 5yr old and my 22mo old to come play at Imagination Ave. My kids had a lot of fun, so that is the most important factor, and I appreciate that. However there are a few things that could make it better. First off, seating for parents. I'm 7mos pregnant and sitting on the hard, uncomfortable park benches for the duration of our stay was not fun. I do like that this was a smaller area so it was easy to keep an eye on my kids the whole time, but it seems like it could get rather crowded. There was a funny smell in the building, and I know that's probably rather ticky tacky for me to point out, but it bothered me. So all in all, needs better seating for parents, could use a little more toys for the kids to play with, and it sounds like the bouncy was probably a little more fun than the step 2 playhouse that is in there now.
5	I love this place! I often bring my 4 year old and 2 year old here and they always have a great time! They love the playtown as well as the art and puzzle rooms. They sell snacks and drinks for very reasonable prices which is a nice plus.There are also several pricing options -- punch cards, one time passes, yearly memberships which I appreciate.The new owners are super nice and friendly. They always take the time to make parents and kids feel welcome.They have recently started offering special activities such as storytime, art classes, etc. as well. I took my older daughter to the princess tea party which she absolutely loved. There was a princess on hand to make balloon animals, lead the girls in dances, and paint faces. There were also princess themed activities as well as lots of delicious food that parents and kids could both enjoy. My daughter and I are both hoping they will have another princess tea party soon!!
5	Parents, please let ur children explore on their own!  I c parents following their kids around !
1	Very disappointing. After reading the great reviews posted by others, I purchased a groupon for 5 visits. Needless to say, I will not be making a trip back. The idea is nice, but the construction of the little town is very poor and in need of a face lift and new carpeting. It was packed with kids, but there seemed to be very few toys in site. My daughter went to play in the little grocery store, but instead of baskets of fun fake food, there was nothing in there but a broken plastic cash register. Everything looked worn and dingy and we left after about fifteen minutes.
3	Just okay. Clean and lots of great toys. My only problem is we have tried it three times in the past 6 months, all three times my son has had toys ripped out of his hands, run over with a lawn mower and one little boy attempted to pull him out of a push car by grabbing his head and pulling. I know all kids do this as some point, even mine, but I like to think that I immediately correct the situation and make sure that my kids apologize and understand that this is unacceptable behavior. The parents that I have seen here, could care less. So yes, I do follow my son around when we are there. Won't be going again. Just don't agree with the parenting style of the clientele.
5	My girls love this place.  They are 2.  Its the perfect age.  We just went to the Thursday Story Time and its one of the best I have been to in Phoenix.  The leader is amazing and its very interactive.  I would say its more music time than story.  And there is a great drive thru coffee shop in the parking lot which you can bring into Imagination Avenue with the kids.
4	We came here for a playdate when my boy was just over 2 years old.  He had a really fun time.  TIn response to one review that said her son had toys ripped out of his hands...there were a few times where kids would behave in a somewhat agressive way, but their parents/guardians were there to step in when we were there.  I read a review that said for parents to just let their kids explore on their own and not to follow them around.  I feel that when the kids are very young, some amount of following is necessary to help with teachable moments when hitting, pulling occurs so it doesn't esclate.  My boy WANTS me to come with him a lot of the time.  I love the fact that you can bring in your own food.  The food they have is pretty healthy too and rightly priced.  Agree with reviewer that more comfortable places aroiund for parents to sit would help.  I thought the smell was fine when I was there.  Staff was very friendly.  It is a nice place for young kids to play, using their imagination.
4	attended this place for a birthday party.  My one year old daughter loved it!  Area is a little run-down, but the prices were good and staff was nice.  I don't really understand why people are complaining when their kids "get toys ripped out of their hands by other kids".  That happens everywhere and shouldn't influence the review of the business!
4	I went to Imagination Avenue for the first time recently. I have 4 small children - all under 5. My nanny has been several times with my kids and they all love it. I was eager to take them and check out the space. Overall, I really liked it.  I especially loved the fire trucks and other vehicles they could drive around on the painted "road."  The main play space is set up like a small town, which I found charming.  My children especially loved the hospital area, where there was a small bed for the "patient" and they could administer shots and take temperatures.  My son also loved the train table with trains. I went on a Thursday so we could attend the story time. I was excited about it because we LOVE story times. We are regulars at story time at both the Phoenix and Scottsdale libraries and Pottery Barn Kids. We also go to Barnes and Nobel when we can.  I saw on Facebook that the story time would be "musical" and would include a story about an instrument.  I thought this was a creative twist and was looking forward to it. It was, sadly, extremely disappointing.  I did not find the instructor to be very engaging and she didn't read loud enough so the children could hear her.  (It IS loud because of the children playing in the other area but surely there is a way to address this.). She read 4 books in a row, one about a flute (the instrument she brought to show the kids) but didn't sing a single song. I don't consider that musical.  Even if she didn't have a CD player to play, she could have at least sang a few songs.  She did allow the children to "try" the instruments, which was fun for them. However, the WORST part - she had a tip jar. Seriously. I found this outrageous and ridiculously tacky.  If story time is "included" in the cost of admission, I don't want to feel pressure to pay additional money. If you want to charge per child, that is fine, but to offer a "free" class and ask for tips, I feel is inappropriate. That said, I liked everything else about the Imagination Avenue and I look forward to returning to play with my children. It is a great indoor option for the summer!
5	This is our first visit here while visiting from out of town..This place is great..my 3 and 4 year old girls had a blast..not very many things hold their interest for three hours and keep them wanting more..a fantastic find..we will definitely be back when we visit again!
5	Its a great place for kids too explore and meet new friends.
5	Imagination Avenue is a nice option for getting little ones out of the house when it's hot outside. I've been coming here for a little over a year with my daughter who just turned four, and now our baby who joined the family in September. My eldest entertains herself for hours with dress up, the school house, the hospital, and the jail that overlooks the play town. We also spend time building "castles" with big plastic puzzle pieces. She always makes friends there. (It's quite hard to get her to leave!)In the past, my ten-month-old has enjoyed the small fenced in area for children under the age of one, but when we went last week, she had a ball with the train table and riding around in a fire truck!Imagination Avenue also has a "cafe" where you can eat whatever snack you may have stuffed in the diaper bag, as well as an art and puzzle room, and a room for birthday parties.A few tips: 1) Bring socks! No shoes are allowed past the check-in area. If you forget them, however, they will sell you a schnazzy pair on the cheap. (Lockers without locks are provided for patrons to store their stuff.)2) They sell Melissa and Doug toys and puzzles at a great price in the front. (They also have other brands of toys--everything is nicely priced.)3) While your kids are playing, you may actually have time to catch up with a friend, or, holy smokes, read a book. So, you know, this place is great for parents, too. :)
4	We took my 20 month old son to Imagination Avenue on a smoking hot summer Saturday afternoon.  This place was a big win-win for my son and my wife and me!  My son had a blast going from building to building playing in the different themes.  I would say hands down his favorites were the Home Depot, fire department, and jail. He also loved puttering around the track in one of the trucks.  He wasn't however fond of the hospital for some reason.My wife a I walked away winners because of the inexpensive price ($9), and a cool safe environment our son could have fun and burn off some of that toddler energy!  We also liked the fact that it gives him an opportunity to be around new kids and socialize.I only wish they had longer hours, but like the fact you can rent the place out on a Sunday.  This place was cheap, clean, friendly, and had just what it takes to put a huge smile on my sons face!  We may even take up their yearly pass offer for Christmas or his birthday!
4	We went here last night for a fund raiser with our preschool and it is such a cute place.  I love that they allow you to bring your own food and that it is all about imaginative play!  The owners are so friendly and laid back.  I am so glad to have discovered another great place to hide in the summer!  My only negative comment would be that it feels a little dirty and old.  Maybe if the bathrooms and cafe area were a little more updated it wouldn't have that feel. Overall it's a great place and I would definitely go back.
3	We came here all the way from the far west valley so I guess I expected more.  The website advertises 3500 sq ft but the play area itself I don't think is that big.  Just FYI.  Basically, they have these cute little themed rooms (fire station, school, kitchen, etc) and there's stuff to play in the room.  If you live in the area, I think it's a great place to let your kids exert some energy.  However, I wouldn't go across town to come here ... at least not in the future.I think your younglings will have fun.  Toys are a bit old but usable.  Plenty of carts, strollers, and ride ons to spread around.
5	Wooohoooo, what a great place for kids and parents!!! Love the new look after the remodeling and the new carpet is awesome, no more bad smell! It is all refreshed and the space is optimized for hours of fun play! The babies designated area is nice and clean, away from the older kids. The new owner is extremely nice and friendly, he definitely goes above and beyond to make each of our experiences as pleasant as possible! My kids and the entire mom's community love going there on a regular basis! The kiddos play, while we catch up and even enjoy a cup of coffee. There is a cafeteria, where you can bring your own lunch/snack, which is a great feature. They sell beverages, bottled water and some snacks too. One of our favorite places :)
4	I came here yesterday with my buddy K (17 months) and I must say it have definitely improved. I hadn't been here in maybe a year. Back then it was just ok and something/someplace to take kids when it got super hot. I believe there are new owner and the improvements are noticeable and appreciated. There is no longer a center "cage" for the under 2's, but a nice little space off to the side. It opens up the space for lots of running around and using the riding toys. There is a lot more seating for the grown ups. There is new carpet and a way cool slide. Downsides, It's still a small place, they have raised the admission price to $9/kid, and I didn't see a discount if you have more then one child.
4	Made the drive from Gilbert to check this place out with the two kiddos. We entered, took our shoes off, sanitized our hands and signed a waiver. The gate opened, they ran and didn't stop playing for almost two hours. My barely 2 year old son loved the variety of cars to ride in along with the train table too. He finally mustered up enough courage to climb the stairs and make his way to the big slide- his first time down he came barreling down and shot out of the slide, laughed and then climbed the stairs to do it again. My almost 4 year old daughter loved the themed "houses" to play in, she spent time in the kitchen, doctors office, school, bakery and grocery store. She was so busy in those that she missed the "boutique" and all of its dress up glory until we were there for at least an hour. The only things she didn't do was play with the train table and the puppet theater.The play places are clean, well organized and there are benches for the adults to sit on when not mediating sharing between kids. There is a basket for toys that have been in kids mouths so that they can be sanitized and put back into the rotation. We didn't make it into the cafe, but I did see plenty of seating, a few high chairs and some snacks available for purchase. There are also a few party rooms that are available to rent for a private party.Overall a great place to bring the kids to let them get creative and use up some energy.
5	New owners within the last few months have brought this place back to a top hot spot for me. The owner is very nice and up forth with his future plans for the establishment. Currently updated is the paint, carpet, small reorganization of the under 1 area, and additional slide to the "jail" area. He has plans to renovate the other half of the building including the cafe. My little one loves it here. We enjoyed bringing our lunch in and playing afterwards. The rate has stayed consistant at 9$ and memberships or packages are still avaliable!
2	We are back from a disappointing trip to Imagination Avenue.  I was frankly appalled at the condition of this facility and the toys within.  Everything looked old, dirty, and used.  Every room we went into had little to no toys in it, and everything seemed to be missing parts and pieces.  Everywhere I looked, I saw chipped paint, and old/broken toys.  We went into the coloring/puzzle room and tried to do two puzzles, and both were missing pieces.  We went into the "Home Depot" area and wanted to use a screwdriver, but couldn't find any screws.  We went into the home/kitchen area, and there was nothing there but a broken play popcorn machine - no plates or utensils, no food, nothing!  The "washing machine" (which had a broken knob) did have some play clothes in it, but they were old and dingy just like everything else in the building.The facility was also surprisingly small.  There is only one room that contains all the little pretend buildings, and one smaller room for coloring/puzzles/books that I believe they also use for private parties.  It gets crowded in no time, and there is minimal seating for parents.  I felt like I was in the way the whole time because with nowhere to sit, I sort of stood and lingered in the play area getting run into by shopping carts and cars.  I cannot believe anyone regularly pays the exorbitant $9 admission fee, when the Children's Museum of Phoenix is $11, and even Playgrounds Fun Zone is $8 (and much cleaner and newer).
5	We just came here today for the first time & we already love this place!!!  The owner checked us in & he is very friendly & helpful.   Everything is clean & well taken care of.  We have been here since right after they opened at 9:30 am & my 4 yr old little girl is still playing & very happy!!  There are kids of all ages here & there is something to do for all of them!   Moms,dads & a nanny or two have been here.  There are lots of toys, dress up outfits, ride on cars etc.  What a great place to take my little girl!!!
5	My 2 year old daughter absolutely LOVES Imagination Avenue! We've been here 3 times with our moms group and it always provides hours of hassle-free fun for all ages. If you haven't been in the last 6-8 months since the new owners took over, GO BACK. They have completely refreshed the place. It has all new carpet, a designated baby area, more parent seating and rad a slide. It's much more open and clean. They're also working on more renovations including a new cafe which will serve healthy foods for parents and kids.When we meet with friends, it's always nice to be able to chat without chasing after the little ones. Imagination avenue provides a safe, fun environment for everyone!
4	Finding activities for our toddler during the crazy AZ heat is challenging... you can only swim, do the splash pads, museums, etc so many times... So when my friend Jane suggested a playdate for our boys over the weekend at Imagination Avenue, I was excited to check it out. Admittedly, I'd been once before, but it was over two years ago (before I became a mom), so I didn't really remember it or pay close attention to detail the first time I was there.Imagination Avenue is simply put, a huge playroom for kids... there is something for everyone too.  Themed rooms such as a firestation, grocery store, bakery, etc... and all kinds of toys like strollers with babies, lawn mowers, cars, kitchen stuff, and more will keep your kid entertained for your entire visit.  They have a big slide that my son loved, and they also pull out crafts at certain times. Imagination Avenue is currently remodeling a cafe and reception area, which is great as I think they could use a bit of a facelift!  But even as is, I'm a big fan.  Your visit will likely be worth every cent of the $9 admission price you'll spend to play here... and if you really like it, you can do a membership for just $120 unlimited annually or $65 for ten visits.
4	My little man and I had a great time! Such a variety of rooms for the kids to use their imaginations in that it's mind-blowing.  The store is super clean, nicely laid out, and when the cafe is done, will be absolutely complete. Definitely buying a membership our next visit back. Just wish that it wasn't 45 minutes away from my house! I do wish they had a cell phone policy though. There was a woman there who spent the entire time, and we were there for 2 hours, on her phone talking loudly in some Eastern European language. She hardly watched her children who were all over the place. There's a difference between letting kids explore and letting them run like wild animals.  She was even on the phone while in the bathroom trying to change diapers. It was unreal. There were other mothers who were there who were on and off the phones the entire time and not paying attention to their children. I think a cell phone policy would definitely get parents to engage with their kids and be present for even just a short while. All in all, Imagination Avenue was a GREAT visit. We can't wait to go back!
2	Went based on the great reviews and was a bit disappointed. The play area is small and dirty feeling. This maybe because most things are old including the benches for parent seating and the toys. The cashier was rude also. Was on the phone while taking payment. Won't go again.
5	I have been coming to Imagination Avenue for the last 5 years or so; since my oldest (now almost 6) was toddling around). My kids love it every time we go. It is a bit on the higher end for pricing, but the type of space it is (imaginative play) is much more interactive, you can bring in your own food so long stays are really possible, and the ability for babies to toddlers to school aged children to all play in the same location and all be excited and happy to do so makes it totally worth it in my opinion. I do wish the gated baby area was a see through wall like it was in its previous incarnation, but it's nice to have a gated area for the babies! I love to support local businesses, too - you can't beat a family owned business for their kindness and customer service. Tim was so kind and welcoming each time we have seen him; and Aurora (one employee's daughter) was a joy to have there and my kids loved seeing her! I can't wait to see the cafe renovations! I would love to see more boy/larger size dress up clothes, but I am sure that more is to come. :) It can get busy, just like any awesome indoor play area does, especially around 10 am -12 pm. Best time to come is in the afternoon. Every time we have come in the afternoon, we've had the place to ourselves. So make it a special night out with your kids - bring a picnic dinner and make some amazing memories.
3	This is everything you'd expect from a play area. Plenty of things to do and a variety of activities. BUT if you have multiple children it is nearly impossible to keep an eye on them if they don't want to do the exact same things. The area looks clean but the toys (play food) could use a more regular deep cleaning. Some of the toys look dated so more regular deep cleaning should be in order. Price is okay, mid-to high-ragge but overall it has a good variety for the price.
5	I brought my 2 and 4 yo nieces here and they were thrilled!! Every part of this kid town had lots of different things to spark their imaginations. We will be returning often!
5	Love this place. The new owners have really made it so much nicer. We had my 3 yr olds birthday here and they were so accommodating and the made the entire event wonderful. My 3 and 4 yr old love coming here. The little rooms are adorable and the new jailhouse slide is a huge hit.
5	Found this wonderful place on the internet and am so glad I did.  I LOVE this place for my 2 grandchildren ages 4 and 1.  I get to spend time with them every Tuesday. It is a long drive from my house so it great to find a fun place to play together.  It is fun and they can use their imaginations in so many ways. I can relax and have a cup of coffee in the cafe ( which is awesome) and they can run around and I can still keep track of them.  The new owners have put a lot of love and work into fixing this place up - what a challenge.  I applaud them.  The staff is wonderful.
4	My 2yr old daughter loves this place. We've been twice now, and she can keep herself busy for quite a long time...a plus when you also have a fussy infant to deal with! The little buildings are cute and there are lots of things to play with in each one. My daughter especially likes the school, grocery and doctor's office. There's a slide as well, which seems popular, and a baby corner. There's also a little cafe area, which I didn't expect.  Looks like things are pretty decently priced unless you want a sandwich. Snacks and drinks seem reasonable. I didn't look at everything, and we didn't eat there. I will say it could maybe use more lighting? Or something? It just seems a little under lit. But like I said, my daughter loves it.
5	My family really enjoys this place. The year membership is a great value, as we can pop in for an hour or two and not feel like we are paying for an entire day. The facility is really developmentally appropriate for little ones. I love that I can sit and chat with a friend while our kids play. Even when I go with just my kids, I usually run into someone I know, or end up striking up a conversation with someone new. I'm also a fan of the cafe. It offers several healthy option for when I forget to pack a lunch.
5	Awesome place! Clean, creative, safe, great music and environment for imaginative kids to have a blast. Our little one just turned 6 and we were visiting the area. We weren't sure if this place would be fun for kids older than say 4 or 5. She had sooo much fun! Reminded me of sweet days when I was in kindergarten. This is a great play experience:) So glad we went and at a great price!
4	Great place. Amazing concept, super clean very spacious. Very safe. My 3 year old loved it. Play areas are everywhere and all have a concept. Imagination does run wild for the little ones. My son had a blast and will surely return. Cost $9 for him to play all day. They have a little cafe for snacks and drinks also. Plenty other kids always here so plenty of kids to play with. Parents can sit back and relax and watch their kids play in a safe, clean Indoor playground. My son is already planning his return
2	This place is super chaotic, my little boy who is 2, kept getting trampled by older more rambunctious kids, whose parents weren't paying attention.Also, I don't get what's so great about this place.  It's dirty, crazy and nothing very interesting.  I washed my kids hands stat after being here.  I much prefer Playtime Oasis or The Children's Museum.
4	Just the right size to keep your eye on the kids, I love the little houses with all the themes as did my kids 6 & 2 years old. There was enough to keep them both entertained. They can't wait to go back!
5	Awesome place kids are tired from all the fun and grandma feel safe watching them have a blast. Second time here shop small local own. Try this place out the instead of a chain the owner is on site. Btw I had a fig and arugula salad pretty good. Also handicap accessible I brought my quadriplegic aunt with  me.
5	I am here every Tuesday with my grandkids - they love it - I love it.  They want to stay every single time. The staff is awesome.  I highly recommend Imagination Avenue.
5	Super, super awesome! We needed a place to let our toddler run around and this place was perfect. Lots of room for pretend and kids of many ages. Healthy snacks were available for sale as well. I wish there was something like this close to my house in Maryland. I found the atmosphere welcoming and would go back next time we were in town.
