5	I don't even know where to begin in this review. From the friendships I've made at this church to the work that has been done on my own soul, I feel like I owe this place and these people my very life. I came to this church deeply suspicious of Jesus and Christians, and now, I am a serious, card-carrying Jesus freak. This community has accepted me and all my junk, and I love these people like they are family. Pastor Jonathan Martin roams in his references from obscure 1st century theological texts to comic books to U2 lyrics - he is as entertaining as he is insightful in his preaching. It's the first time I'd ever experienced such a profound intellect in a pastor...I didn't have a lot of experience, so I don't mean to smack-talk anybody else's pastor - it was, however, new and refreshing for me to respect this pastor's intelligence as much as his spirituality...to respect his mind as much as I respect his heart. Renovatus is also home to Lisa Koons, who is the founder of the Charlotte 24-7 prayer center. I've never met a more powerful woman of God, and I am so grateful to have her insight in my life. She's helped me get through some junk I don't think I could have navigated without her. She'll do it for you, too.If, like me, you are at all Christ-curious, it's a great place to get your feet wet in the church world.
5	If you think church ought to be about community and not judgement, here's your place.Pastor Jonathan is one of the brightest and yet down-to-earth pastors you'll ever meet.  You realize that he's not rehashing evangelical broo-ha-ha, but really preaching from the heart.  The church is Pentecostal, but you won't pass snakes or catch church ladies passing out in the Spirit.  You will however learn about abundant life in Christ (SPOILER-FOLLOWING JESUS WASN'T MEANT TO BE TEDIOUS OR BORING), intimacy with God, and love for your fellow man.  I'm finally part of something bigger than myself and my salvation.  if you're a liar, dreamer, or misfit (this is the church's slogan BTW). you'll fit right in.  There are tattooed and pierced dudes and dudettes, 20-30 something hipsters, adults with young children, and a few older adults.  Come wearing jeans (cut-off below the knee, of course) or typical "church" attire, you won't feel out of place!
5	This is my church and its freaking awesome!  You dare you to find a more honest and loving community of believers.  We are all Liars, Dreamers & Misfits, which means there is nothing to stand in your way from checking it out.  If you like U2, you will LOVE our Pastor Jonathan Martin.
