5	I had been interested in removing my very first tattoo and heard about this place through Groupon. They are located within the Ageless Mi Medspa in Old Town, which is small, but clean.  I met with Paul, the owner before I actually bought the groupon to talk details. The laser technician measured the area and explained that black tattoos are easier to remove than color, and the older they are the better. Ok good, as mine is all black and 20yrs old. You have to fill out a whole medical packet, as it's technically a medical service or procedure. I returned today for my first session. The laser tech was very nice and explained the process in detail. She applied a numbing cream to the tattoo and I waited about 15 min for that to soak in. I'm not sure if it even did anything, but I'm not willing to try the service without-just in case it did help! So what everyone wants to know is how much did it hurt? Well, it was bad. I have many other larger tattoos for which I have sat hours at a time, and that pain does not compare to this. After a few seconds she was halfway through and I asked for a short break to which she applied some ice and let me see what it looked like. She assured me that we can take as much time as I needed, but I wanted to just get it done with so she finished up. The good thing is that if you can just tolerate it, the process is actually quick.  She reviewed the aftercare instructions and I left there with a small container of aloe vera, and my next appt scheduled for 4wks. I have many more sessions ahead of me apparently. They say it can take anywhere from 10-15 and there are no guarantees. We'll see how it goes!
5	I got a tattoo 2 months ago that I immediately hated because of the locationon my wrist. I was so happy to find a group on for 3 sessionsFor $89!The office was professional and Maureen was friendly and explained everything!For me, it was very minimally painful. It is hot and it kind of feels like a quick shock!She'll let you take as many breaks as you needas you stop to ice it.I got through it and scheduled another session in four weeks. She says it might take 5 sessions... I'llkeep you updated! But, if you need a tattooremoval, this is where to go!
5	I'm writing this follow-up review for customer service. At the start of my tattoo removal venture I purchased two groupon-priced packages from Paul, the owner. Each one was for 3 treatments. Now, tattoo removal hurts, but what I didn't realize was with each successive treatment, the machine has to be turned up to be effective at removal, and that comes with more pain. Personally, I didn't feel the numbing cream was very effective. By the third treatment I could barely make it through the session, and I'm someone who can sit for hours in the tattoo chair getting one put on. I told Maureen, the laser tech that I wouldn't be coming back to complete my package as I just couldn't tolerate the pain. She was so sweet and understanding and offered to mention it to Paul. We spoke on the phone and through email and he was very professional and accommodating to issue me a refund on the remaining treatments I hadn't used. Fantastic customer service, and for this reason they still get 5 stars from me.
5	I originally purchased tattoo removal treatments through groupon and thankfully I've been very happy! (You never know with groupon!) I've had 6 treatments so far for tattoo removal with Maureen. I've noticed a HUGE difference, definitely fading. The pain...it doesn't feel good; however, she does offer a numbing cream (no extra cost) that helps a lot. I have done it without the cream and it is tolerable (thankfully, my tattoo is smaller so it takes about a minute). If you want, I do recommend taking a couple of ibuprofen, but not necessary. I couldn't say enough good things about Maureen. She is extremely helpful and friendly.
