5	So flippin' excited that this location is now open!!Hair Extensions, ethnic hair supplies, regular nail polish, gel polish, eye lashes, shampoo (no, conditioner is better), hair saving re-nourishment masks for when your DIY bleach job leaves your hair a little fried (or so I have heard...), line this small, but packed store. They are still stocking their shelves so some items might be sparse, like the Gelish gel polish collection, but don't fret, the shipment is coming!As usual, with Sally Stores, I was greeted by a very friendly employee. She was busy stocking shelves, but still stopped to look up and put the items in her hands back in the box as to give me full attention, and asked if she could help me find an item. I told her I was there just to check out this new location as I have been going to the Bell and Indian Bend locations. She laughed and said not to worry about loyalty cause these three stores are in the same district so everyone gets credit. I laughed at her response and proceeded to mosey on around the store and secretly take pictures to post on here...and then I ended up buying $28 worth of supplies. My budget will probably be ruined now because of this location, but at least my nails and hair will look fierce!P.S. If you are not familiar with Sally Beauty Supply, it is open to the public, no cosmetology license required.
4	A nice new Sally location near my home. It's tiny like all of the rest but because it's new it  feels larger and not so dusty like some of the other locations that I have shopped.
5	Tiny treasures for your hair, skin and nails. Sally's Beauty Supply is a tiny beauty store packed with all the goodies for both men and woman. You will find items to paper you from head to toe at reasonable prices. Even though the store is small every area whether it is styling products, to nail polish or hair care there is a variety of items to choose from. Prices being from the extremely low end to high end. I will mention even at the high end the prices are still reasonable. The customer service at this store is wonderful. They staff greets you right away and are always willing to help. The store is so organized it is very easy to find the items your looking for with no help but great customer service is always appreciated. Now if you want to save more be sure to sign up for the Sally Beauty Club Card. It is a green card that cost $5.00 bucks and saves you money all year round. You have to renew it yearly but no big deal they give you a $5.00 instant savings off your next purchase along with savings on items all year long. Basically you loose nothing and gain great savings. If your a pro or student they have savings for you too. Be sure to inquire when you drop in.
