4	Is it just me or is there a lack of speciality running stores in the Valley?  Located next to a Landis Cycle store, Sole Sports is a great resource for all things running - from getting a great fit in a new pair of shoes to accessories to offering training runs.  The staff are avid runners and know their stuff, so see them in you're ready to get into running or update your gear.  They also accept your used running shoes and donate them to a good cause - plus, if your donation you get $5 or $10 dollars off a new shoe purchase!
5	This is a great place for runners to pick up supplies (whether resident in the Phoenix area or visiting the Phoenix area).  Their website also provides very helpful running routes and distances.  The staff are certainly knowledgeable and the selection at the store is excellent.
5	I was looking for the new nike+ sportband watch and my usual retailers were not carrying it on their websites.  I found solesportsrunning.com through google shopping and decided to give it a try even though there were only a few reviews for the site.  I ordered Friday and received my watch on Monday. Great service and prices and free shipping on this order. I will look at their website first next time I need any running equipment.
5	After being fitted for running shoes at a former competitors' store, I know how important it is to buy from a store that has knowledgeable staff. I heard of Sole Sports when I did the 3 Day Breast Cancer Walk...and decided to drive from the West Valley because there are no decent stores out here.I will tell you it was worth the drive and then some. We were lucky enough to have Katie work with us, and found the right pair of shoes for both of us. Not only did she do the gait analysis, but she also gave us a ton of options and took her time.Knowledgeable staff and a company that supports the community gets my business every time. Thanks, Katie!
5	I love Sole Sports!  I am a fitness trainer and ChiRunning/ChiWalking Instructor and I send all my peeps to Sole Sports.Their customer service is fantastic.  You go on a treadmill and they pick the right shoes for your individual foot and gait.   They have great products and create a postive running community.  They offer free runs and free clinics for their customers.  I had a great experience hosting a ChiWalking/ChiRunning clinic a few weeks ago.  I am also active in the Breast Cancer 3-Day and Sole Sports has been an outfitter and supporter!All around, woohoo!  As good as it gets!  Lisa ;o)
5	I realize that running in the Valley of the sun this time of year is practically impossible, but this store has exactly what you need. Sole Sports is a beautiful running store in Tempe, AZ. The store is well merchandised, and has a great selection of shoes and accessories.They carry all types of running shoes from track spikes, to trail shoes. The staff will get you fit in the right shoe for your foot and running style. They also carry a great selection of nutrition products from the best brands on the planet like Fluid Recovery Drink, and E-gel.This shop is also fairly close to South Mountain, which is one of my favorite places to trail run and mountain bike in Arizona.Go check out this store, you will be impressed. Tell Katie and Lance that I say Hi!Thanks for reading,
4	The first time I was in Sole Sports, I was a bit apprehensive, as I had just bought/used a pair of shoes recommended by a competitor....and injured shortly after.   Flash not only let me talk about how I was feeling, but talked me through some of my mental fears about returning to running after six weeks in a cast and four weeks in a boot.    Flash's customer service would result in five stars.I ended up with a great pair of shoes that began to rub the wrong way a few weeks later.  I went to return them and the girl behind the counter was very rude to me about returning the shoes after I ran in them...even went so far as to call a manager over (in front of me) and say "she obviously wore them and now she is trying to return them".  The manager looked at me, smiled, and said "yes, I understand she is unhappy with her shoes.  Please return them for her".  The girl was not happy and essentially threw my return receipt at me, walking away without saying thank you.I returned a few weeks later to buy my half marathon training shoes.  Flash was there, remembered me, and got me fitted into a great pair of neutral shoes.  I recommended his customer service to a friend of mine, she went, and she had a great experience.  Thanks, guys (except for the rude one)!!!  I cannot wait to finish this half so I can go buy another pair!!!
5	Melissa waited on me. I told her a little bit about what I had and hadn't liked about shoes I'd owned in the past. She brought me a neutral shoe and put me on the treadmill to film my feet while running, analyzed my gait and looked for pronation. She brought me 3 different kinds of Saucony's since that's what I'd been wearing in the past. Basically she had me try on one of each different shoe and go for a run on the sidewalk, then whichever one I didn't like I'd take off and she'd replace it with a different kind of shoe explaining the difference between each one. Once I arrived at a shoe that I liked the most, she'd have me try on the complete pair. I must have tried on half a dozen pairs of shoes at least, and I didn't get the feeling like they were just trying to rush me into a pair of shoes. They were also very serious about the 30 day return, even if you've run in them a few times. They also keep a database of what you have purchased in the past so they know what you like. Overall it was exactly what I was looking for!
4	The customer service gets 5 stars. The staff there is great & provide one-on-one attention.I went in for new shoes. Using a treadmill, the employee did a video analysis to figure out which shoes would be the best for me.The employee then took the time to bring out FIVE pairs of shoes & let me run around outside to try out each one.The staff was knowledgeable about what they were doing.Great place.While they have a great selection of running shoes, I wish they had other shoes as well.... but not a huge deal.
5	I'm not a runner. I only run to keep in shape for other sports. Or when someone challenges me to a half marathon. I don't turn down challenges often. So when I noticed my shoes were not doing the trick, I decided to head into Sole Sports to see what exactly they could do in a way of good, comfortable and cute running shoes. First thing they made me do was run on a treadmill and video tape it. What did I learn? That I run like a baffoon. That didn't stop Sole Sports from helping me find the perfect pair of baffoon running shoes though, and ones that were still cute at that. I walked out with a great pair of shoes and some other running/work out apparel and feeling great about my sub-par running capabilities. I've been back several times since for water belts and other items and they've been as stellar as the first time. They even helped me find a non black pair of running capris for the PJ Chang's half and ordered them for me. Purple here I come!!Whether you hate running or love running, if you do it, you have to go here.
4	I really love Sole Sports.  I have bought 4 pairs of running shoes here in the past 2 years.  I have run in a half marathon, a full marathon and am currently training for another half.  I have also purchased clothes and running accesories.  The staff are friendly and knows excactly what they are selling.Sole sports has awesome group runs on Monday and Thursday at 6:30 PM.  I love the group runs because no matter what kind of runner you are there is alway somenone like you. Also it keeps me motivated to stay in shape and be acitve,
5	I love this store.  I still consider myself a cyclist first, but these folks have sure done a lot to change my attitude.  The staff is uniformly great.  It does not matter if you have been running for years, just starting out or returning to the sport.  There are no high pressure sales.  Instead, there is a lot of patience and a sincere desire to share the sport they love and make sure you have a great time.  I cannot recommend this shop highly enough.
4	Sole Sports is a fantastic locally owned store that I am extremely happy to recommend and support.  Each of their employees are welcoming, professional and helpful (each employee has a background in running.)  I've had my free gait analysis and was very appreciative and have picked up some great Mizuno running shoes off of their sale table for 60% off.  I'm frugal (i.e. cheap) and love their sales.  I just picked up a Nike Dri Fit sleeveless shirt for 40% off and my wife purchase an Asics tank top for 40% off during their anniversary sale. The Tempe store is rather small and their shoe and clothing selection is limited, but they are happy to order anything for you.  They also host many running shoe company bus tours, where you can try out shoes (I've attended the Mizuno and Saucony events over the years.)  I also know that Sole's return policy on shoes you just don't like to run in is very lenient (those returned shoes go onto the discount table) and that is a huge plus for those runners that may want to try a new brand.  I haven't participated in the running groups, but I am glad to know that there are groups available, in case I lose my nerve to just get out their and run on my own.  I also like the sense of community you feel when walking into the store.  And for the triathletes, Landis Bike is next door and for the pizza lovers, Barro's Pizza is on the other side!**Tip**Stop by the Sole Sports tent at a race and they typically hand our discount coupons AND also sign up for their emailing list for more discount coupons.
5	I went in here twice within 5 days.  I am new to running and was looking for a sports bra to you know...keep things in place.  I have never run in my life!  Everyone was so helpful!  I tried on a couple and found one that I liked.  I told Emmet that I wanted to do a half  marathon in November and he had so much information to share.  He suggested I bring in my current "running shoes" ( I got them to walk in)  to make sure I was in a shoe that works for my feet.  I went back today and worked with Katie.  She was awesome!!! She answered all my stupid questions and must have brought out 10-12 pairs of shoes for me to try on.  I finally picked a pair and she never pressured me to hurry up and make a decision which was surprising to me.  I must have spent 2 hours in there.  I will be going back there for anything else I may need!  I would recommend them to everyone!!!
5	Sole Sports Running Zone has a mission which is clear and apparent -put the right pairs of shoes on the right runner's feet!  Our daughter is a collegiate swimmer who runs as part of a rigorous cross training.  The employee videoed her gait and with great wit and had her try on and run with five different pair of shoes.  She left happy with a great pair of running shoes which also are fun in color!  We told our friends about the service, knowledge and care with which the employee conducted the sale.  I'm going back for new running shoes!
5	This place is fantastic.  My wife and I went in there, neither of us great runners.  They were patient, answered all of our questions and got us into some great shoes.  I dont think they are any more expensive then anywhere else, unless your going to buy at something like Famous Footwear.  And in that case your not going to get the right shoe, that is evident.  Highly suggest this place to anyone, beginners to novice runners.
5	Count me as another huge fan of Sole Sports; in particular, the Scottsdale location. Today, I needed another pair of Brooks Adrenaline GTS running shoes to replace my well-worn pair. I have been running in that same product line for last 6-years after having been professionally fitted at this location following some mild knee discomfort after having ran for years in whatever-felt-sort-of-right from any old sporting good store. Knowing exactly what I needed ahead of time (brand, model, size), I was in-and-out of there in less than three minutes today. I was really impressed that they still had me in their computer database as being eligible for a 10% military discount. I am always impressed by their energetic and engaged employees; I really appreciate their level of customer service and passion for the sport. I liked that the staff encouraged me to come out and join one of their group runs, too.
5	Stopped in to pick up a new pair of running shoes. Was not really sure what I wanted, but the staff was really, really helpful. Gave me a lot of options and explained the differences between all of them. Also, they did a gait analysis on my stride to help narrow the field of choices. All in all, a great experience and I would highly recommend to others.
5	I went in to get fitted for running shoes and decided to check them out  I'm soo glad I did they were helpful knowledgable and I left with some great running tips The shoes I chose were a great price I didn't have to buy into any membership and best of all I love my shoes!!
5	This store was recommended to me by some friends that are avid runners.  I visited the store today to have them analyze my gait and purchase some running shoes.  The experience was 5 stars.  Flash was my salesperson: he was very attentive, knowledgeable and patient with me and my 3 year old daughter.  He met & exceeded my needs while attending to the impatience of a toddler (well behaved toddler).  ;)   If all their sales people are like Flash, you won't find a more friendly & knowledgeable staff anywhere else!  I would not hesitate to recommend this store to family and friends.  :)
5	The Brooks Beast running shoes were recommended to me by Flash. I found out about these sneakers upon reconnecting with him over the summer here in Connecticut. It was at his family's BBQ that he noticed how my feet were overpronating wearing my Adidas Barricades. After explaining that I have extremely flat feet, he suggested the Beasts and to first get fitted in them at a local running store in CT. It took some time to find a store here that actually carried the current version of the Beasts but finally found them in my correct size - just not the color.   Now after finding the right size, I could have just ordered the sneakers through the store here in CT or on-line but I didn't. I emailed Flash at Sole Sports for the following reasons: 1)  He didn't just merely state that I was wearing the wrong shoe for my feet but took the time to explain that finding the right comfortable shoe for my feet is essential. I also found that we share a common conclusion, "wearing a shoe that is uncomfortable from the start with an orthotic will not work no matter how hard you try." The orthotic is only a supplement, the shoe needs to be the correct foundation for your foot.; and 2) Knowing that Flash is an avid runner and finding that he literally tests the stores sneakers on runs made his suggestion on the Beasts more concrete. Also having seen customers with a similar foot type to mine added to this. I'm sure there are other sales persons at Sole Sport that share the above traits as Flash does.    After the special order was placed over Thanksgiving, Flash properly notified me how long it would take and called me on 12/15 when the Tempe store received the sneakers. On 12/16, the Tempe sales rep I spoke to took down my shipping information precisely and had the Beasts shipped out that day. I received the sneakers this Wednesday 12/22, and I can say I had a very pleasurable experience working with Flash and Sole Sports. Finally my feet will be happy and healthy for some time now.        Thanks and Happy Holidays.
5	I first learn of this place while at Lifetime Fitness, where I met SS employee Flash at an event.  He gave me a 10% discount card, and I was considering getting more serious about running, so I thought, "Why not?"  Flash was working that day, and helped me get the correct shoes.  He did a video gait analysis (I'm pleased to note that I don't have knock knees or pigeon toes or run like freak).  I tried on a series of shoes, each time running up and down the sidewalk outside to determine what felt best.  I went with Asics Gel Nimbus, and I can't live without the now.  :-)  Thanks, Flash.I have to admit, I was pretty nervous going in--I like exercising but I'm no jock.  I feared that I would find myself face-to-face with a bunch of running snobs who would make me feel like an idiot.  Happily, I promise you will not have such an experience here.  I recently returned to bring in my stepdaughter, too,  who has also decided to take up running.  She had a similarly excellent experience, and I am sure that she'll get great use out of her new Mizunos.  Now, if only I had the money to buy my running clothes here, too.
5	This is the best runner shop in the valley.I meet there Flash one of sales person, he is speaking a perfect French and for me it's always a plus to speak French around here. He did a gait analysis on my stride,  he helped me to narrow down the shoes selection and I tried on all pairs until I found my perfect match. I was very impressed by the professionalism of all the team there.  unlike some other big running shops in the valley they are not pushing you to buy a new pair of shoes when there is other solutions for your problem.
5	I went to Sole Sports because my sons have gone there for their running shoes for high school track and had good experiences.  I have recently gotten out of a cast for a broken foot, so I really wanted a good athletic shoe, AND excellent advice from the staff.  I wasn't disappointed!  Austin spent well over an hour helping me find just the right pair of running shoes to fit my needs. The newly healed foot required a particular type of support and Austin listened carefully (and patiently) to me as I described what I wanted. The end result is I got a very comfortable and supportive shoe!! I have gone on several long walks and the feet feel great!!  I am sure I would have chosen the wrong shoe if left to my own devices.  Austin was knowledgable regarding my injury and its special needs.  I won't hesitate to return for my next pair of running shoes!!
4	I love this place!  The group runs are awesome and the employees are great too.There's always something fun going on down here.  The clearance merchandise is great tooI like that they take the time to do a gait analysis too when you're buying shoes.I would highly recommend
5	The other reviews here are accurate, service does not get any better than this.  From the stride analysis to the knowledgeable staff to the great selection, you will be hard pressed to find a more complete customer service experience.  You will pay slightly more for the privilege, I paid maybe $20 more than what I would have online for the same pair of shoes.  However, I had no idea going in exactly what I needed, and I was able to run in probably a dozen pairs to find what suited me best.  Knowing that not only did they fit well, but that the shoes suited my stride was worth the extra money to me.
5	Great service, Joe was very helpful in helping me find the right shoe for my foot. He was even training a new employee while he helped me. I was in and out in 30 minutes and this included the gait analysis.
5	I have to agree with all the reviews. I went in for a me pair of running shoes after being out of running for years. They checked out my gait and then came out with like 8 boxes of shoes. He sat down with me and helped me narrow it down to 2. I then took them outside and finally settled on a pair. These guys really take the time, take off the pressure and the prices are reasonable.
5	I was referred to this shop by my running group and I thought it was like any other store..and I was very wrong. The moment I stepped in, their service, approach and listening to my problems with foot was great. I have had lot of issues with blisters and they have been very helpful for giving solutions and trying different things to ease my pain.Joe, Flash and Karen have been very helpful and I highly recommend this store for any running/walking needs.
5	I just bought my first pair of "real" running shoes here.  I wanted to make sure that I was going to be in a good fit for an upcoming half marathon.  This will be my first long distance run so it's important to me to have comfortable running wear.  The stride analysis and staff recommendations made this a pain free experience.  I also love that the pricing is affordable, I am a die-hard Amazon shopper and saw that they were the same price online.  Great selection and friendly service, definitely a good choice for avid runners.
5	I have developed shin splints recently, and then realized after the pain came screaming back this week that the culprit was my favorite relaxed fit Crocs Clogs.  I searched the net for shoes that were good for the injury prone (I've had ACL, and plantar fasciitis issues as well).  I noticed there were shoe stores in the search list, and decided I would be best served by a real human who knew what shoe to put me in.  Sole Sports in Tempe had the best reviews, so I headed over today and was not disappointed.  Greeted quickly by friendly staff, I got my gait evaluated, and then was able to try on several pairs of shoes appropriate for me.  I chose the pair I liked best, and felt like I was given superb customer service by Kimberly (who said she was new to the store--but she knew her stuff).  I would recommend the store for any runner, or anyone who would like a REAL person to help them get the right shoe.  Viva people! Will be back for sure.
5	I just want a new pair of running shoes, but I also got a Video analysis about my running... What a great service and great knowledge about the sports. I got alot of good pointers about what I was doing wrong...Great service!!!Yes I would recommend to all my friends and family
5	I'm a beginning runner, and needed some good running shoes because my old everyday new balances weren't cutting it. I was getting shin pains.Went in for a free gait analysis, tried out 5 pairs of shoes (literally they let me run around outside the store with them). And walked out with what I intended to spend, no up sells, no shady business. Spent about what I expected to, and the prices were in line with other stores, in fact, cheaper if you use the coupon on sport rabbit.com.
5	Best store ever!  Service is wonderful.  Staff was so helpful  I would highly recommend Sole Sports to anyone.  Excellent!!  Awesome!!
5	LOVE THIS STORE! Running for Brews got me hooked up with this establishment to find a new pair of running shoes. I'm SO happy they did! My husband and I went and were greeted right away by multiple people. We got our complimentary running analysis to help us narrow our choice of shoes down. So cool! They video tape you from the calves down to see 'how' you run, what your feet, ankles, etc do while running. Sean was our consultant. He was AWESOME! He then brought us each multiple options to try on. He even went out to the clearance table and found some. Ran outside with different shoes until I finally narrowed it down to a pair and so did hubs. He helped with ideas on how to improve my running to conserve energy and recommended something to help with the pain I'm having from running in my thighs, t band, quads, calves. He even got down on the floor to show me what to do! Thanks Sean for spending two hours helping us! You rock! I seriously will be back to this place! They have everything you could want to get into running or just swag to show everyone else how much you love it :) Can't wait for my next run! Oh! They have a free running group too! Meets Monday and Thursday at 630pm and on Sat at 7 am! Totally going to run with this group!
5	The BEST shoe store.  Luv Luv Luv  Won't go anywhere else.
4	Went in as a total novice when it comes to anything more intensive than a slow walk. The staff member (Brent) who helped me was informative, polite, and very helpful in finding the shoes for me. After going through a few pairs that would correct my incorrect running posture, I went with the higher end brand. It's a bit pricier than I would have liked, but honestly after the gait analysis and feeling how comfortable the shoes are, it was worth it.If these shoes last me a while and are still comfortable, this place will get 5 stars and my returning business.
5	In the past month and a half I have spent an exhausting amount of time in specialty running stores in an endless search for a fitting shoe for an annoying condition in my right foot. Throughout this search I have seen both great and terrible examples of customer service. But none of them even compared to the quality I had here.I was helped by Maggie. Who for over an hour and a half whipped out shoe after shoe through my endless indecision. While I am not a manic ultra-running madman I know my fair share about the sport, and was treated as such. She had excellent advice and not only answered my many questions, but provided possible solutions of her ownA huge issue for me in making my decision was the fact that I usually take a day or two, maybe a couple runs, or just a reasonable amount of time longer than sitting at the shoe bench to really feel if they fit my problem foot. This was no problem here as I was assured that (as long as i didn't go crazy) I could wear the shoe for the couple days I was here in town and return them if I changed my mind. Overall for the first time in a while I left a running store feeling great about my experience. The recommended shoes are feeling great so far. Wish we had our own location in my hometown
5	If you're looking for the right pair of shoes for working out running hiking this is the place . They were extremely helpful in finding me a pair of shoes right for my feet my feet were in a lot of pain they found me a pair of shoes that made my feet very happy . Your feet are very important why not go to somebody who knows what they're talking about so glad I went here to buy my new shoes.
5	Can't beat the expertise here! You can tell SoleSports truly cares about their customers!
