3	A Hispanic coworker recommendation to our informal lunch group, saying the chicken soup competes with her mother's and their specialty, the Guadalajara sandwich, is as good as it gets.  My peers gave rave reviews, so promptly myself and another who missed out on the event did a followup here.Situated inside a mini Hispanic indoor mall, you had your choice to also purchase a pinata, vitamins or random swap meet type clothing.  But we stayed true to course and went direct for tortas along w/ locals slowly filling up the seating area.  Between the Cubana torta and the Guadalajara (pork in bread roll doused in spicy sauce), I'd go w/ the dry tortas as the latter was a bit of a soggy mess.  For the latter, the pork was very tender but obviously was cooked separate from the sauce (which is evident if you order it w/ the non spicy red sauce w/ the spicy given to you on the side).  The tortas are generous, wrapped in paper and already sliced into two portions!  Next time I'd order one of the soups and a torta for sharing.  Eyeballing the locals, honestly they were ordering a variety of other items outside of the speciality.The cashier lady was very friendly and made a point to stop by and check on us gringos.  A+ service, and they take credit cards.  BTW, around 11:40am, a ton of high school kids start rolling in... so eat before then!
4	Return trip this time for dinner and brought a new tastebud (aka boyfriend).  Ok seriously, amazing friendliness from the cashier girl.. she leaves the register since we were standing a distance away while we decide on the menu and comes up to talk to us...I asked what she suggested but told her I'm decided on the Cubana and bf is up in the air... she had the that's-a-nice-torta-but kind of look and then proceeded to try to describe a crunchy taco and its filling.  It didn't interest bf, so he went with a classic burrito filled w/ pork (pastor).While we're waiting at a table, the cashier lady (who turns out to be the server and busser later) nonchalantly swings by and drops off in front of each of us a crunchy taco filled with potatoes dressed with red sauce and white crumbled cheese.  With a very surprised thanks, we got to them... OMG, from now on I'm ordering these Taco Durados (only 99cents each!).  Later when we tried to thank her again, she was quietly pleased and told us they come in either beef, bean or potato.  Probably will be my next meal.Classic burrito w/ pork reminded me of bacos mixed with rice. The Cubano could of been good (salty but forgiveable, it's breaded steak, ham and who knows what else..I better be reasonable), but it was no match for the taco sample.  Definitely extra star now...we're excited to come again and what kind, friendly service to make us feel comfortable!
5	I recommend the Torta Cubana and their carne asada tacos. Don't go between the hours of 11:36am and 12:10pm since that's when the high school kids go and eat.
5	DON'T LET THE EXTERIOR (OR INTERIOR FOR THAT MATTER) FOOL YOU!!!!!!Amazing food! Best I have had north of the border. Their Sopes, amazing! tacos great! Service has always been exceptional! The little treat shop next to the main restaurant has the most delicious flan!
5	I love this place. I am from Guadalajara, Mx and this is the best Mexican food I've had here in AZ. Some of my favorite dishes are the Torta Ahogada, tacos dorados, carne en su jugo... well basically everything! My family and I come here at least twice a week. The staff is super friendly as well.
5	Our FAVORITE place in Chandler for tacos.  The Carne Asada, beef tongue, and pork stomach tacos are amazing.  The kids love the cheese quesadilla.   The staff is super friendly.  I knew it was good when I was the only non hispanic person eating there.  Very authentic.  I love that they have a bar for condiments, too.
5	I love this place... The people there are very kind and the food is excellent... Real Mexican food
5	We still LOVE this place.  We tried the fried quesadilla with Carnitas yesterday.  AMAZING.  The pork is so good and it tasted light even tough it was fried and it came with the BEST sauce.   I am still a huge fan of their Carne Asada tacos and the Burrito with Carne Asada.  My kids are obsessed with the beef tongue and pig stomach tacos.   I am not brave enough to try them.  The Torte sandwich is HUGE and made with their amazing Carnitas.   Everyone needs to try this place....
4	Let's be clear, the "torta ahogada" is a typical dish that is not suited for everybody.It's a pretty hard roll filled with pork meat and soaked in tomato base salsa and then ultra super mega spicy sauce (like 3 days of stomach ache spicy if you're not used to it).So what people need to do is first think if that's a dish they want to try and second make sure you order your torta ahogada not spicy at all and order the hot salsa on the side.Squish some limes on top and put red onion to have the real mexican experience. Pretty good flavor, serving and price.All in all, it's almost as good as in Mexico.
5	Large & Yummy Portions
4	I really like this place. The burritos are HUGE! Also, the mini tacos were really yummy. The cooks and the cashiers were super nice. They even brought me a free taco, it was great too. I want to go back again. The atmosphere is a little different, had to bus my own table (it's a Mexican fast food joint).  They also add guacamole to everything. My friend and wife got some tortas, they were so flavorful.
4	This place is awesome. They brought my party free smothered tacos, awesome. Plus the food is great. It was a little greasy, but eating most Mexican food typically is. they add guacamole to everything. The rest of my party got tortas, they were very flavorful.
5	The restaurant is in a small mercado. I've had tried pastor tacos, torta ahogado, some big burrito they have with everything including shrimp and my favorite, carne en su jugo. I drive 60 miles round trip for the carne en su jugo a few times a year. If you have never tried it it's worth the drive. They did give us a sample of a chicharron torta, this was like a free appetizer. It was very good but I have never had chicharrones that weren't dried.  Overall I would say the food is a 4 star but because I have only found carne en su jugo at this place and it is IMO to die for I must give it a 5.
5	My son had been telling me about this place, so I finally went with him.  He ordered for me:  Carne en su Jugo.  WOW!  It is amazingly delicious.  I wish I knew the secret to the broth.  It is absolutely wonderful.  Reading the other reviews wants me to go back and try other items on the menu.  I've already told several other people that it is a MUST VISIT place to eat.  I'll most definitely be going back - even though it will be a 25+ mile trip.
5	Awesome place. Friendly staff and a+ amazing food!! Everything is good! Authentic Mexican food for sure. If you want real mexican food this is the place to go.
4	Let me just start by saying OMG.... best Tortas and burritos I have had here. The only reason I didn't give it 5 starts was purely for the location. Its located it what looks like an old indoor strip mall, once inside there are places to buy party supplies, medicine, I believe there's even some sort of salon in the corner as well ... but don't let that fool you because straight back is the restaurant with the most amazing food. Their burritos are the big enough to feed the hungriest man or a two people at around $6-$7 each, their carnitas Tortas is my favorite the pork is cooked perfectly and has such great flavor you can even order a fresca in a glass bottle to wash it all down with.. If you are on this side of town its definitely worth stopping by and trying it.
5	I need to say this again, get anything with the Carnitas!  I always try something new....but I must say the Carnitas have the best flavor.  The staff is really, really nice too.  Very Authentic.
3	We found this place on the Yelp app and since we don't live anywhere near Chandler, we had no idea what we were in for when we decided to drive down for lunch from Scottsdale.  The restaurant is located inside of an old indoor mall that's not in a good part of town....I'm glad we were here for lunch and not dinner.  Everyone was looking at us like we were from outer space.  We were here for the food, not the ambiance...here's what we ordered:Carnitas Tacos, $1.25 & Pastor Tacos, $1.25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tortas-ahogadas-guadalajara-chandler?select=Xqb_g5Q8wCiIOxz3Gegftg#Xqb_g5Q8wCiIOxz3GegftgPastor Burrito, $5.75http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tortas-ahogadas-guadalajara-chandler?select=_QobIQhnl1-00UTl7CnhlA#_QobIQhnl1-00UTl7CnhlAMexican Cokehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tortas-ahogadas-guadalajara-chandler?select=DAXSRhnY8v_qs4qo8cmbzQ#DAXSRhnY8v_qs4qo8cmbzQThe Tacos were amazing...served Street Taco style, they were simple but very good.  The Pastor Burrito was average....the Pastor was very dry, which is unusual to me....Pastor is generally juicy and full of flavor...this was dry and full of flavor...different and it didn't appeal to me.  The Burrito comes with Beans and Rice inside.There's a Salsa bar with a handful of choices for you to place in small, plastic cups.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tortas-ahogadas-guadalajara-chandler?select=WfCsN36Irna9lPTznkcq3g#SguCSpOh3tNAtHMJbK1CQAThey have Mexican Coke available here...which is my fav and it comes in larger than average bottle (500 ml).  When you're done eating, you leave your empty bottle on your table and they will come pick it up for you....at least that's what I think you're supposed to do.  We looked around and didn't see a place to put empty bottles....we didn't want to throw them in the trash because there's recycling value to them.  During our meal, we watched several other tables leave their bottles on the table when they were finished, so we assumed that was expected.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tortas-ahogadas-guadalajara-chandler?select=WfCsN36Irna9lPTznkcq3g#DAXSRhnY8v_qs4qo8cmbzQOverall, the food was OK.  When we left, it didn't leave me wanting more.  I'm not sure I would drive all the way back here again.Return Factor - 50%
3	I really wanted to like this place but was sadly disappointed.  I ordered a chicken taco and side of rice.  I asked for cheese between the tortillas but the cook was taking s much, he didn't listen to my request.  I had to scrape the chicken out as it was over cooked, dry and chewy.  Store bought tortillas.  The rice was moist but lacked any flavor.  I tried to put done red sauce on it and it made it worse. Red sauce has no kick and tastes like watered down tomato soup,   Hubby on the other hand liked the carnitas burrito but wished there was a decent salsa to add to it.
5	If you want authentic Mexican food (No cheese) and great homemade soup! This is the place!!!
4	If you are looking for good food, cheap I would definitely recommend this place. If you don't speak Spanish however, you may not be understood to the fullest extent. But pretty good authentic Mexican tacos, not the best but I would say pretty great overall. Our food took a little longer to come out so as we sat at a table one of the workers brought chips and salsa with cheese on them, even though we ordered to go. So pretty good service, but I would definitely say you get you money worth here.
5	Cheap and good, plus ambience.  It feels like being somewhere in Mexico.  I ordered a burrito for less than $5 with tax, which was not only huge, but good quality; filled with nice tasty chunks of chicken you don't have to spit out because of fat or gristle.  The woman who took my order at the counter was very friendly and so was the person who brought it to my table.  This place is so authentic, they naturally assume you are Hispanic and begin talking to you in Spanish.  I liked that.
5	This place deserves all five stars! The tacos are some of the cheapest, yet best tacos I have found. They are completely stuffed with meat. The red chili used for my enchilada style burrito tasted very fresh and resembles that of my moms homemade red sauce. I will absolutely be returning.
5	Stopped in here last night on the recommendation of many Yelp reviewers after running errands. I'm glad others mentioned that it was located inside the Mercado.  The door was locked but someone was exiting so I asked if they were open.  The customer, an apparently very intoxicated man, but most pleasant, greeted me and started talking to me like I was an old friend.  The employee, also most pleasant, said they were closed.  When I asked what time they closed she said eight and it was close to 8:30, so I said I would come back another day.  Next thing I knew, she was letting me in and asking me what I would like to order.  I told her I had wanted to try the goat dish, Birria I think it's called.  So they started preparing it for me (to go).  I looked around while waiting and discovered they also have Thrifty Ice Cream, paletas, various Mexican desserts including strawberries and cream, flan, etc, also Aguas Frescas made with real fruit.  I don't eat a lot of Mexican food in Az because it is plentiful in San Diego, but I WILL be back to this place, only a few blocks from where I'm staying.  The food was delicious.  But the customer service is even better!
5	DELICIOUS tortas. I had the torta de pierna, which was a very generous size and very tasty. It was a bit spicier than I'm used to, but it had avocado and sour cream which helped dim down the spiciness a little. Try it out!
4	Generally, I agree with the other reviewers -- this place is pretty good and authentic.  Some things are really good and tasty, but some other things are underseasoned (I wonder why?).  The menudo was hearty, but underseasoned.  The lengua could have been seasoned more and thrown on the grill a bit.  But the tortas and the burrito were very, very good, as were the sauces.  The condiment counter is well stocked with a variety of typical but good things to add to your order.I will be back.
5	The food was great and the service was very friendly.  I have only been once, I had the smothered carnitas burrito, the portion sizes are huge!  The red enchilada sauce was good, not as good as si senior's, but still very tasty. The carnitas was really good.  I will definitely be back to try out something else.  Another great find thanks to yelp!
5	Just great, authentic street tacos and other mexican dishes.  We love this little place and how it is set up in the middle of a small indoor mall.  Not only is the food great, but the service is excellent.  The next best thing to driving down to Rocky Point!
4	I know live in Cali, but when I'm in town I always stop here to have two things. Tortas Ahogadas & Tacos de Barbacoa. For those who love hot & spice food . Try la Torta Ahogadas, serve with sourdough bread and carnitas...  I would recommend for those who love hot spices...
5	Had lunch there today and really liked the food. I had the street tacos which were a pretty good value. I had the Tacos Al Pastor, very tasty and affordable. Atmosphere wise it was like being in a Mexico. Probably not a place you would take your girlfriend for a romantic dinner but if you are looking for some good street tacos this is a great place in Chandler.
5	The best mexican food around! If you are looking for that real authentic taste,this is the place. The best torta i could find in phoenix! I never had a torta ahogadas i wasn't a fan,but everything else is fantastic. The nice lady at the register had us try the empanada which was amazing highly recommend trying.
5	Really good food, great condiment bar, and a clean dining area. It's not the fanciest place around, but the food speaks volumes. The menu is reasonably simple and it really has an authentic taste. It's 79 cents extra for handmade tortillas for tacos.
5	I am so excited to have found this place thanks to Yelp!One of the greatest pleasures in life is being able to eat a torta ahogada. Its spicy, to the point that your face will feel tingly and you start sweating, yet you can't stop eating it. Filled with delicious pierna (pork leg) and covered in a super spicy but also super delicious sauce all inside a roll that is crusty outside but soft on the inside.If you are not into self torture, as my kids describe my love for the torta ahogada, they have many other foods that are equally delicious.Torta de Milanesa, burritos, enchiladas, caldos breakfast and many more things. Don't be discouraged by the appearance of the place. The owners and all the employees are very friendly and kind. Also, skip the chips and salsa and order an empanada as an appetizer.
