3	Good location on SE corner of 75th Ave. & Bell.  This location has a convenient drive-thru for those who are on the go.  Nice to come here after shopping at the neighboring Old Navy, Cost Plus, or New Balance shoes.Coffee & atmosphere are like most other Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf Chain locations.
4	I've been to this location twice and both times, not only did I receive stellar service but my coffee drinks were delicious as well.  The first time we went was to pick up some gift cards and we decided to get a drink.  I believe we were being served by the manager, who was quite knowledgeable and very friendly.  I also liked that while you wait for your drink (or just hang out) that they have a variety of board games that you can play.  My second visit was just as good.  The employee who took my order was super-helpful, explaining what the new drink that they were sampling was.  My drink came without whip, though I think I ordered it with...though I'm not sure.  Either way, that's probably how I should get it, just to save some calories!  I definitely will be back.  4.5 stars, rounded to 4.
2	Coming from good Minneapolis independent coffee and tea, Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf was mediocre at best.  Coffee was watery and bitter.  The tea selection was impressive, but the workers were very resistant to make any of it iced.  This business seemed to be very corporate flaunting itself as independent with board games, books to read and free water.
3	Coffee bean has good coffee and I love the ice blended drinks. I'm rating it low because of the service. I went once through the drive thru and no one attempted to take my order. It was disappointing.
5	Awesome coffee and it stays consistent from visit to visit. And it's a nice feeling in here.
5	Seriously, from their hazelnut ice blend, to there hot hazelnut latte, and to there vanilla or pomegranet blueberry hot teas; they remain awesome and great. Taste is always consistent, staff is always friendly, I wish I could live next door to this place!
2	over priced. watery coffee. not strong at all. however, their frozen lemonade is amazing.
4	WOW, WOW!!I am originally from the Pacific Northwest. I know good coffee.This place is the first I have found in Arizona that knows how to make a Hazelnut mocha that makes me shiver!The rest of the store is typical as any other coffee shop, so I am rating 4 stars and not 5; because I could really use to find a coffee place that has that unique style and flavor in the decor, location, staff and patrons.
4	like I said before, this place knows how to make a GREAT hazelnut mocha
2	over-priced, weak coffee, boring/awkward staff.
4	Great outdoor and seating friendly staff
5	Dragon Jasmine hot tea is amazing
4	The African Sunrise Tea Latte with Soy Milk is a must when visiting this quaint establishment!  The service is great, and depending on what you are looking for, they'll suite your needs.
4	Yum! I'd give 5 stars if they remembered that we also ordered a water, we had to ask for it twice, but the coffee is tasty to me.
5	I don't drink coffee but if you like tea then you should really be going here at the least.  They have whole leaf tea that is freshly and perfectly brewed.  Good selection too.None of those darn packets!Booo Starbucks.  BOOOO!The staff is very helpful and patient.
5	Great service great coffee great atmosphere....I found this place in my hometown of Thousand Oaks CA....  I wish they would come to Portland OR....rock on Coffee Bean......
5	This place is awesome. The tea is way better than Starbucks and the coffee doesn't taste burnt. The manager, Debbie, is almost always there and is always very friendly and accommodating. I recommend the southern iced tea. It tastes like rose pedals with just a very slight sweetness.
2	First time at this location, NOT kid friendly! And what ever you do make sure your little one does not reach under the display case and touch the brownie! The not  so nice girl at the registrar will tar, feather and give you the stink eye all night. Drinks were fine service was unforgiving and uncomfortable.
5	What can I say? It was the coffee bean in AZ! Was great.. worked just like it was supposed to and does in San Diego and Vegas. Nice work, now I love you in 3 States.
3	This location is really small frist off. Not a lot of seating room so get in early if you plan to stay! And plan to be cramped in! The staff was really friendly, but a little forgetful. All in all I always like The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf. It's not a locally owned shop but you know it's quality when you are in an unfamiliar area and in need of that espresso fix!
5	I heart Coffee Bean!  Loved you in Vegas, loved you in LA, and now loving you in AZ.  I normally drool over the ice blended stuff but I wanted to try the teas since my friend said they have a great selection.  My god-daughter was undecided.  The girl behind the counter let her taste a few samples.  That was cool!  I got the tropical ice tea.  She got the green tea apricot something.
2	Good place to sit-around doing homework or work.  The employees don't bother you.  Wi-fi is a little weird and sometimes doesn't work with my laptop (I have to re-start my browser each time I want to access their wi-fi... The staff is forgetful- they do not pay attention to whether or not you have come into the shop.  You could stand at the cash register for up to 5 minutes before they'll notice you.  Be careful when you order- they'll expect that you are asking for something that you are not asking for.  For example, you'll order a giant hot earl grey; they'll ask you if you want a 32 oz... how are you supposed to know that they don't do hot tea in a 32 oz??  They'll bring you an iced tea.  SUCK!  Then they'll give you the hot tea and not offer a refund for the more expensive thing that you paid for but didn't ask for.  I wouldn't be here except that the other places nearby (Starbucks, etc...) don't have as much seating... :(
1	I have been to this coffee beam many times and my husband loves it.  He always orders the same thing. Two shots over ice in large cup.  Tonight I had some issues.  First they did. It give me a large cup.  Then they were too busy chatting with a regular for me to get their attention.  Finally I got my large cup.  Then they had no cream out so I asked for that and purrs it in.  They the. Told me next time I would have to pay extra for it.  Considering that they normally have the cream out on a side table and have no clue what people take I found this silly. My husband order this drink once a day.. Not always here ..  And no one else asks him to pay extra.  So I say fine I just will not be back because no one else charges and they stare at me saying nothing.  As I walk out they are laughing.  Never going back
5	One of my favorite places to relax and have a good cup of coffee.  My girlfriend is a tea drinker   so we have to find places that can cater to her as well.  She loves the iced green tea which comes in a variety of tasty flavors.  I liked the strawberry cream.  For coffee they have something for whatever mood I'm in.  Doesn't matter if it's just a straight up cup of dark roast or dark and white chocolate mochas.  They have it all plus some tasty stuff in the baked goods case too.  Check them out.
5	I wish these were on every corner like Starbucks! This place pretty much takes the cake over Starbucks! Their coffee isn't overwhelming and they have my favorite drink everrrrrrr  which is the Iced tropical tea latte! It's absolutely delicious!! Yum! I urge everyone to try that drink!
5	As my girlfriend and I came in we were greeted with a warm smile and quick assistance. She helped us with our order which was very quick. We were satisfied with our caramel and hazelnut ice lattes. The atmosphere is very nice, the customers are not loud, and the music isn't too loud either allowing me to focus on my applications for school while my girlfriend reads. Definitely will be back!
5	Way better than Starbucks and they have a drive through. Their ice blended coffees are wonderfully refreshing and taste like a dessert.  I especially lime the caramel it is almost like a milkshake. Quick prep time.
2	I actually like the coffee here. We just moved into the region and are so sick of Starbucks, so we started occasionally going here. I realize their holiday drinks are better. They had a promo going that we were planning on all week - now I understand we made an error in the times of the promo, but we walked in a few minutes after the promo time thinking we were still almost an hour early - the shift supervisor could not wait to announce we were to late while he ran to the sign and ripped it down in front of us. I guess I had misinterpreted the date as the hour - yes my error, but it was only a few minutes after the hour. His rudeness did it in for me. I may go back in the am and see how the store manager responds, but if it is more of the same it will be my last evening visit, and maybe my last visit. CUSTOMER SERVICE counts people - I guess I need to stick to Dutch Brothers where they go out of the way to make you feel welcome and glad you came!
5	This is probably the best managed Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf in the Phoenix Metro area. Always friendly service. They seem to have a passion for great coffee that's missing at other chains. The store is super-clean and neatly stocked with merchandise.  I see a more relaxed atmosphere here than other shops. The business people and deal-of-a-lifetime pitchmen don't occupy the tables. This is a place to come if you don't want other's sales noise to interrupt your quiet coffee enjoyment :-)
5	When I visited, the general manager was working and she was absolutely wonderful. Saw me looking at the retail section and asked me if I needed help and was able to give me the answers I needed. She made my iced winter dream tea latte and it was yummy as always! Very clean location and though it is close to closing and I'm sure they are busy with tasks to do, very attentive to every customer that walked in!
5	Love this place! Baristas are so friendly & cheerful every time I come in. They are really fast in the drive thru as well which is a plus! I always get an iced Americano but their teas are great too. Prices are on point with the big green place across the street ;) Their smoothies & frozen drinks look yummy but I've yet to try those out. My new go-to coffee joint!
4	Why haven't i tried The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf before? All this time I've been a Starbucks girl. Well, not anymore!So, let me tell you about the day that changed my coffee consuming life. I got dragged here by a friend. Reluctantly, i ordered a white chocolate latte (the closest thing they had to Starbucks white mocha) and a raisin bran muffin. My first drink was like tasting a little bit of heaven. I was sure that angels themselves made my drink. The smooth, decadent coffee concoction was unbelievable! I was hooked.The bran muffin was amazing too. It's a moist muffin coated on top with honey and raisins. It's a huge muffin, so it's plenty to share. The only reason I gave them 4 stars is because they tend to run out of things and they don't get shipments every day. I've been a couple times when they were out of muffins. The prices are really not that different from Starbucks. The coffee itself is so much better, that it's worth the money. Plus I've never waited longer than a couple minutes in line, whereas at Starbucks the wait is pretty long.
5	HANDS-DOWN the Sweetest Baristas & Most Scrumptious Coffee Drinks in Glendale, AZ!Nearly every morning for the last month now, the Hubby and I drive-through for our morning coffee fix. It's our daily splurge and we REALLY look forward to trying new drink combos and flavors. Having never been a fan of sweet, sugary coffee drinks, I initially ordered a variety of the flavored (iced because it's HOT AS HELL in AZ) drinks. But now, I consider myself a connoisseur of the blended coffee drink and it's a good thing because this place seems to have originated it.I intensely dislike sweet drinks and always have them put only 1/2 the flavor (sugar) or none at all. I'm a simple whole-milk 3-shot-latte kinda girl. Never a fan of S*arBucks if only for the convenience of the thing - since they're on top of one another, everywhere you go. But this new place hits the spot, every time. And the service is TOPS - Best In Class!The Great Stuff:Drive-through great for the 'In-PJs-don't-wanna-get-outta-the-car' thing!Super-sweet baristas are ALWAYS friendly and happy to see you!The most delicious blended drinks and fabulous iced-drinks to boot!Convenient location right off Bell Road.As for the cost...well, considering the QUALITY of service and drink, I seriously don't mind going broke throwing my money at this place. Two XL-blended drinks (we're big people with large calorie demands;) cost around $12-16 depending on the extras I add (extra shot; cherries; extra powder). And I cannot stress how wonderful the service is. We always drive away saying something along the lines of, "Yea, one day we'll talk to the hiring manager and let them know what a fantastic job they did hiring their top-notch, friendly baristas." It'll just have to be on a day we're not in our PJs, zipping through the drive-through.
5	Loved this place. They have a drive-thru along with a nice eat in area. It's clean and the employees were very friendly. Great product and  wouldn't hesitate to return there. Only issue is that it was a little slow, but it could have been due to being so busy (which is a good thing!).  I had a decedent black forest drink and a slice of iced cake. Warmed up it was heaven. My only wish is one closer to where I live.
5	Always fast at the drive up window. Order is always right and I love the holiday flavors.
5	A very good mocha with the right balance of chocolate and coffee and not frothed too much giving it a good amount of depth.
5	The coffee bean is a great place to go. The people there are always so friendly! Especially Joshua. He is tall dark and handsome I would recommend anyone coming here when they are having a bad day. Nothing brightens your day like a great drink and an expertly crafted pastry! Or just talk to Joshua. He can put a smile on your face! Even if you're depressed! And he gives seductive winks!
5	This chain is my go-to when I am out and about in the valley.  Their baristas make consistent drinks and that's super important to me. I love the variety of holiday drinks. On this visit I had the toffee nut blended drink. It was amazing. I always order their featured drink blended it seems. This last visit we took advantage of the 2 for $20 coffee bean sale. Wonderful coffee and a treat value. He always orders cappuccinos and say they are perfect. I am usually so wrapped up in the blended drive that I never try his. I chose Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf over Starbucks everytime.
4	We go here alot since we drink tea lattes. Large variety of teas and baked goods. Friendly staff and free doggy treats
4	The staff is very friendly and helpful. I didn't like the sugar free vanilla latte so they made me a chocolate one instead no questions  asked. The green tea is a little harsh for my taste, but the atmosphere is very laid back and more open than Starbucks.
4	They were off tonight. For some reason they were really slow and not as pleasant as usual.  I will come back of course.  Just goes to show that nobody is perfect.  I was starting to think this location was. I ordered a white chocolate latte and is wasn't as good as usual.  They made my husband's drink a small instead of medium. Maybe it was just a case of the after Christmas blues.
