1	Three strikes -you're out! Went for lunch and had to go into the kitchen and find someone to wait on us. We asked them to hurry even though we were the only table there. 90 minutes for lunch.Went to UFC fight a few weeks ago. Other than Sean the bartender the rest of the staff thinks they are celibrities and only talk to customers who compliment them and think they are going home with themStrike three was Staurday when we went in for Anderson Silva UFC fight. Plenty of tables open but had reserved signs on them. Hostess said she reserves them for her guest who aren't there yet? We stand around and wait and a couple leave and we take there table. It is so hot its stiffling. Were sitting next to a group who tells us it is 87 degrees and climbing as the crowds start coming in.  We should have left.  Our server wearing a silver headband came without menus and asked for drink order. She had no knowledge of what was on tap and never found out for us. We ordered two 25oz beers and they arrived in just under 20 minutes. Without menus she insisted we get our food order in???  She brought us menus and 30 seconds later wanted a food order. We told her we were going to be there for four hours and would order when we had time to discuss it. Yep 30 seconds later she was back. Those saying the pizza here is great have got to be family of the owner, I am not sure the cheese was real cheese.  It might have been 60 minutes before we saw our server again. She was a mess and running around like she forgot where she was at. We knew it would get crazy at the end of the fights so we ask for our check. Over an hour to get the check. We watched people come in and order food and then just get it to go as they were too busy wiping the sweat off of themselves. What a whacked out place and I am not sure they will make it. If they want to try they need to have a quick staff training class and let them know they are not the show!
1	Went for a late lunch on Sunday during football games. Tv's were extremely loud! My husband said he couldn't hear himself think and he likes loud.Waitress was prompt to greet us and take our drink order but then we waited 10 minutes for a menu and to see her again. She was the only server and was in no hurry, saw her chatting at the bar while we waited to order.Food was ok  grilled fish tacos were lukewarm.  mac & cheese was hot but where we're the green chilis? Bad news was when I woke up 12 hours later with a stomach ache and all I could taste was the mac & cheese....won't be returning.
5	I am surprised no one has written a review here yet! Kileys Grill was a huge disappointment to say the Least.  After the name and owners changed my boyfriend and I were nervous to return because the food at Kileys was absolutely horrible and took a million years to even get our food on fight nights.  Anyways I had ordered a Calzone with pineapples. Yes, Just pineapples, Don't judge me!  Let me tell you, It was AMAZING.  And when I had checked into Yelp off my phone i received 10% off of our bill.  But the waitress said it might not be able to work and asked her manager/owner.    The owners wife and manager came over and was beyond nice, I absolutely love when business owners are extremely friendly and not scary (like the owner of my job). She gave us the 10% off which i appreciate immensely.  My boyfriend had ordered the bacon burger and was in love with it and ate it all! He was not a fan of the onion rings b/c they seemed just a little soggy for our taste.  Then our friend had ordered the jack daniels wings which were even more amazing! I wish i would have gotten that as well! But next time I go we willl have to definitely order those for sure! Cannot wait to go back and try more stuff.  No desserts  on the menu, If the owner reads this, I make desserts, muffins, pies, cakes, cupcakes, cake pops as my side job and anyone wanting to sell my stuff Id be more than happy to  help ;)
3	Ordered online thru Living Social. For a free $10 credit, why the heck not!Tried the BBQ burger with a side salad and fish/chips. I sampled both--not too shabby,They forgot half the order and the place was empty upon food pickup. Not even an offer of a free drink to go for forgetting the other half of the food.Overall, not overly impressed, but not a bad alternative.This location has been about four other things in the past five years. Looks like they have a bunch of random happenings during the week--poker, pool tournaments, and trivia. Lots of tv's--all tuned to football. Also included are some pretty good drink specials.
3	OKs...Cons:- Dark paint scheme! If you're going to do Maroon and Black you need something to off-set the darkness like windows or light wood furniture. You walk in and think Crypt/ Biker bar/ 'Striving to be a dive bar' type place all because of the paint. Not inviting feeling at all.- Decore - sucks. It has virtually no decore yet what it had looks ugly and run down. It's ok now that they have Halloween decorations but without them its so empty and sterile.- Bar layout - can't see all the taps from anywhere around the bar, nor the different types of liquor bottles as they are in two separate areas and not lit up. - Lighting - I'm not asking for the sun, but If you have trouble reading the menu, some people aren't going to order anything but beer.Pros:- The $1.75 beers on HH / $3.50 mini-pitchers- Fried cheese curds which you can't find anywhere else- Clean bar/ tables- Bar tenders aren't afraid to cut people off- Plenty of parking- UFC fights sometimes - they didn't play it last few weekends but they do sometimes.It's a OK bar with a lot of potential.. like Kileys was. It will be interesting if this once makes it or not.
3	Decent decor, though the whole experience seemed slightly underwhelming.  Didn't try the food, though so can't comment on that.  The lobster-claw machine is novel, yet cruel.  I overheard that the lobsters resort to cannibalism in there and eat eachother.
1	They are closed?! :(
1	***** Drove by on 1/4/2013 and now the place is called "Spur Saloon" - Looks like the same -owners. It's been 3 different bars in about 3 years now.
1	Business no longer there!!
2	This place closed down and now I think it is some sort of biker themed bar/grill.  Haven't been to the new place yet.
1	This place sucked and I'm not surprised it has been shut down. I had only been there one time but it was such a horrible experience. I ordered a margarita. When I received my drink there was a bug in it! I told the server and she took the drink. I was given a new drink and the server says, 'hopefully there's no bugs in this one'. She didn't say sorry or comp the drink or anything. She was so rude and unprofessional that I never went back. I'm not trying to drink a buggy margarita!
