5	This is a review on Misael Apponte as a professional hair artist in hair color work. I know Misael in the context of an industry peer and out of the many true artists in the United States, he is in the top 5%. Misael's color work is beautiful. I met him back in early 2000 something in New York and in LA. I run into him at color courses all over the states. I have watched him create haircolor looks for many models and regular folk. I know a few people who have had color services by him. I go out of my way to attend as many of his classes as possible. Put aside his skill, and peel down to the layer of humanity, I can still recommend Misael to you as a good human to trust with your image needs. If you want great haircolor with that extra touch you can't find at other places,  then I suggest you pick up the phone and give Visual Impact a call and book an appointment. Misael is very good.
5	Ouidad certified stylists are hard to find, but if you have curly hair there really is no better option.  I'd move BACK to Arizona just for proximity to Alberto, and I schedule an appointment every time I go back.  It's absolutely impossible to overstate how awesome this place is.  Just go!
5	I met the owners of this salon, Alberto y Masiel when they first arrived in Phx about 2 years ago as I wanted to see if I could be a candidate for getting away with not having to blow dry my hair and go with a more tossled look.  It worked for me initially, but then I thought it was not a professional look for my work environment so was glad to buy teh ouidad product and use it on the weekend or on vacation.  Now, they trurned me on to a color gloss from Agora which is a foam that you leave in for 5 minutes and it gives your hair that amazing shine that we all had when  we had virgin hair.  I have highlights and have to do a base color to cover my gray (20%) but now that  I used this color gloss, it even masked my grays.  AMAZING...my hair looks so healthy today!  Highly recommend this place....and for those that have wavy/curly hair, they are magicians at working with you.  Love those portorros de Nueva York!  Conchita (la unica cubana de media edad  hip del desierto)
5	Visual Impact and the Ouidad method are fantastic for curly haired girls!  And Alberto is the best! I am from Arizona but live in San Francisco, and literally coordinate my hair appointments with my trips home to Scottsdale.  This salon is fantastic - albeit a bit pricey.  In my opinion, it is worth it though!
1	I went to a woman there name Rachel Reddy to have her do a Brazilian blow out and hair extensions. It being my first time getting extensions and all I assumed the woman knew what she was doing. But quickly I discovered she didn't. The extensions started falling out on their own the next day, and continued to fall out daily until a total of 100 pieces had fallen out in 2 weeks. I went to other salons to get their opinions on my hair and they all agreed and wrote statements for me stating the job she did was not a good job at all. And in fact, they all encouraged me to go to the State board about her. I didn't want to do that, so I tried to speak with her about getting my money back. Her solution to the problem was to let her "tighten" the beads. But considering I had already spoken with other hair salons that stated she did them incorrectly, I really didn't want her to tighten anything, I wanted my money back because other salons were quoting me pricey amounts to have them removed, buy new hair, and have them redone again. She refused my money back and then when I tried to call the salon and speak with the owner of the place, the manager was rude to me. I understand he was friends with the stylist but believing her word over my pictures, written statements, and other hard evidence is not a good practice of business. And I feel horrible for the store owner because not once was I permitted to have a phone meeting with him to let him know what was going on. It went to the level of where I had to report her to the BBB, and instead of taking responsibility for it, she called me a fraud. Rachel then instructed the BBB to flag me as a scam artist who gets services done and tries to get the BBB involved to get my money back. She had no hard evidence to her slanderous words which were completely false. If it was me doing it, and all the other salons agreed as well, that if they did a service and that service didn't happen, they would refund the money without a doubt. It's like paying for a back massage for an hour and getting 5 mins. It's the equivalent of paying for a personal trainer who jumps on a machine next to you but never talks to you. I understand she did the Brazilian blow out and put extensions in. But according to another salon the Brazilian blow out was done incorrectly and according to 3 licensed hair extension specialist, the extensions were done incorrectly as well. I still believe in my heart and gut that Rachel Reddy is a horrible stylist, and I honestly believe that Rachel and the store Manager could have handled the situation much better. Including letting the store owner speak with me himself so he could weigh in on it. Simply telling someone oh well, she's contracted so if she screwed up and doesn't want to refund you, not our fault is not a good answer. They could have even bargained a partical refund and 2 free hair cuts, or 2 free deep conditioning treatments. If you are smart, NEVER go to this salon, and NEVER go to Rachel Reddy no matter what salon she works out of. And beware her Craigslist ads that have "picture proof" of her supposed skills. For all I know those were stolen from another stylist and it's really their work. Because my hair is curly and she told me to buy straight hair, and you were able to clearly see the tones did NOT match. Not to mention the falling out, which out of all the pieces, I had so many fall out that when I paid another Salon to remove them they told me the other 100 pieces weren't there.
5	I had my first Quidad cut yesterday and I am totally blown away at how great my hair looks. Alberto is a wonderful artist with the scissors as well as a color expert. Alberto gave me one of the best haircuts that I have had since moving to AZ 4 1/2 yrs ago. I went to another salon for over a year and I thought I had a great cut, but sadly I was mistaken. I went from shoulder lenght hair to a short cut and what a mess for my curly tresses. I will never go back to that other stylist or salon again! Luckily my hair had grown out a bit and Alberto was able to perform a MIRACLE! My color is more closer to my natural color with lowlights and some highlights, which in my opinion (and that's all that really counts!) is more suitable for my skin tone and age(yes I said age!). Thank you Alberto! I also want to give props to Nicole the receptionist and Misael, Alberto's partner for making me feel welcome on my first visit! Do not hesitate to schedule an ,you will be blown away with the results!!!
1	Called to schedule my second appoint with Janell at this salon and got a rude receptionist that said, "You need to call her directly...I DO NOT schedule her appointments...Here cell number is:xxx.xxx.xxxx!"Called Janell and made my appointment - got there before any of the stylists were there.  Was rudely told by the receptionist to "wait back there"Janell came in all smiley and we had my color and cutting consultation and off she went to mix it up.  I was chewing my gum (I snap it when nervous) when the RUDE receptionist came over and stood 5 feet behind my chair, spoke to me via the mirror in front of me and told me, "Would you PLEASE stop snapping your gum...I can HEAR YOU on the phone with clients!"  My response, "Yep!"  Got up, grabbed my purse, found Janell in the back and told her I was leaving.  Told her what happened, bought the hair products for my neighbor, paid her $20 for the wasted color she had mixed and $20 for her time and left.Got home and told the story to my neighbor and she told me she is treated very rudely by the receptionist as well.Looking for a new Curly Hair Salon in Scottsdale/Phoenix!!!NOTE:  Would give this situation 1/2 Star if I was allowed!!!
5	I've been going to Visual Impact for a few years now. I originally went for the Oiudad cut from Alberto. Then I realized with or without curls, he is able to give me the most consistently good hair cut I've had since moving to AZ. I never have weird long pieces or awkward spots like I did from other stylists. I guess it has to do with knowing what curly or wavy hair does when it's dry. I like this place and recommend it to anyone--curly or otherwise!
