5	Chris Phillips ... What a great attorney.  He delivered a level of personal service that is above and beyond the call of duty.  If you need any help with your family estate planning call Chris Phillips at this company.  You will be professionally served and feel great about getting your estate planning in order.  We highly recommend Chris and Black & LoBello!
5	Great service! They took care of my estate planning, divorce and short sale.
1	WORST POSSIBLE USE OF $200I didn't know it's generally common to get a free consultation from a lawyer.  Black & Lobello easily capitalized on my lack of knowledge and took my $200 -- in advance -- for a consultation.  I'm not one to think I can get something for nothing so I naively thought that paying $200 would get some real advice.  Not here.  The lawyer gave me literally nothing of use.  She was giving me the most vague and general answers to my questions.  After awhile I could hear her typing on her keyboard, oh checking email now are we?  On my dime?  So unprofessional.  I feel like I already know how they treat a paying customer so no need to continue with these people.  On their part they should be ashamed about taking advantage of people.  On my part, expensive lesson learned.
5	Black & LoBello has provided quality representation and advice for all of my legal matters over the past several years.  Having a full-service firm provide such quality work product makes it easy to recommend their services.Tisha Black was the first attorney I hired from the firm.  Her experience in business and real estate were a perfect combination for successfully renegotiating a Promissory Note.  Kristy Black later assisted with my estate planning needs as my family grew.  She was extremely knowledgeable about the different options and great about explaining the advantages/disadvantages of each option in a way that was easy to understand.  She was prompt to return my phone calls/emails and completed my Estate Plan in less time than she had originally expected.After having such great experiences with the other attorneys in the firm, Michele LoBello was the obvious choice for my divorce matter.  She has been more than helpful with deciding the appropriate strategy to pursue and has gone the extra mile to ensure my best interests are taken care of long after the divorce is complete.
