5	Brix Wine Spot is Cave Creeks newest wine lovers hang-out.Awesome wine tastings on Wed. 5-7 only  $ 10-15 for 4 or 5 pours.BYOF Bring your own food or order in from a few local restaurants.Find a perfect bottle to buy as a gift to go and/or buy yourself some wine you can't find easily elsewhere.Owners Bryan and Nancy are very friendly and extremely relaxed!Live music a few nights a week. Fun everynight of the week!
4	Visiting for a week, we stopped by to check this place out.  Very nice place with very friendly owners.  Its a little bit country and a little bit white.....but what isn't in Cave Creek.  Wine bottles off the wall are a little pricey on the mark up if you know your wine.  Selection would go a little further..... But if not a wine person....you'll never know the difference.
5	Love, Love, Love this Wine bar. It's owned by the nicest couple Nancy and Bryan. We recently got turned onto it by a couple of friends and can't wait to go back every weekend. The atmosphere is very laid back and the decor is awesome with the climbing wine bottles on the wall. They have a great happy hour as well as a fabulous cheese platter that is delish! We were pleasantly surprised by what a great selection of wine they had, we have a couple of labels that we always have a hard time trying to find but they undoubtedly had them (such as Cakebread and Pride) YUM-O! So if your in the mood for a little wine and a great place to enjoy it go to Brix, you won't regret it!
5	i agree with the other reviewers, this is a great place to hookup with friends or just hang out.  Nancy & Bryan make Wifi available so you could work from there while you quaffed your fav wines, which they have a bunch of.The Happy Hour prices are insane for the product they serve.  No corkage charge either if you bought the bottle there and want to drink it now.I'll be going back AND taking friends!
4	This was the second stop on our (VinVillage-Phoenix) little wine jaunt through Cave Creek this weekend. The $5/glass happy hour special was a steal. Or if you prefer, get a bottle to share, which several of us did. They have an amazing selection, all handpicked (and probably verified) by the owners. Nancy wasn't there, though I have talked with her before, and she is great - but Bryan kept things moving along for us. Nice interior decor, with some sofa areas and western-themed barstools, and also a quiet patio. Easy to miss if you don't know it's in Stagecoach Village off Cave Creek Road. The only thing keeping them from 5 stars is that they do not serve food - though they will order it from a sub shop across the way (but that doesn't really complement the wine, now does it?).
5	This wine bar has the ideal setup.  Bryan and Nancy make you feel like family, except when it comes to paying the bill of course.  Bryan is a master at knowing his wines.  He has some very special selections and covers all types of wines from around the world.  The best part of this little bar is that Bryan invites different wineries to come in and do wine tastings, so you actually get to meet the wine masters!  Then about once a month Bryan and Nancy do a pot luck gathering and everyone brings in their favorite dish and share with the clientele. Even though they do not serve food per se, they give you the option to order from local take outs, like the Bad Donkey.  But, who needs food when you are tasting wine!  As an added personal touch, Nancy takes pictures of clients at times and they are shown as slide shows throughout the day. I can go on, but I hope you get the picture.  I highly recommend Brix.
5	Stopped by Brix yesterday to check it out after it came recommended from a wine friend who lives up north. She had described it to me as the way to do a wine bar right and she was spot on!!Bryan was an extremely gracious host and my sis and I love love loved our bottle of D2! (Gotta support my WA wine obsession!) The energy was great and it was quite busy for a Sat afternoon! Also, the wine selection is awesome - I wish it were my own personal with a few more WA wines of course! And, it's at retail pricing with no corkage if you open a bottle, which is fantastic!!When the GF BF gets back, we will definitely head north with our own snacks to hang out at Brix again! Simply delightful!
5	We stopped by this great wine bar last weekend.... Loved it! Brix has great decor, a super-friendly bartender, and a nice selection of wine. You can buy by the glass or buy a bottle to enjoy there (their bottles are very reasonably priced). Their "menu" option is a cheese and charcuterie platter to nosh on. But you can order in or you can bring in any food you'd like. Brix obviously has a following of regulars, but is very welcoming to new-comers. I'll be visiting again!
5	This is hands down the best wine bar I've ever been to.  They have a great selection of wine at a number of price points. The owners have a deep knowledge of wine and provide excellent recommendations if you tell them what your preferences are.  They have some unique tastings on Wednesday nights serving wine you normally never see at a tasting. Food is also available from the Bad Donkey across the road. I highly recommend a visit to Brix if you are in Cave Creek.
2	We walked into this place last night around 7:30pm and walked out less than 10 minutes later, having never been waited on. It was freezing and oddly very bright in there, not my idea of a cozy wine bar - more like a wine or liquor store with seating. There were about 6 other patrons so it wasn't very busy. However, my boyfriend and I stood at the bar, where the bartender was talking to another couple and he never acknowledged us at all. We weren't greeted or invited to find a seat. It seemed really unfriendly and cold, again, more like a liquor store with seating versus a "spot" to go hang out and drink wine like the website said. The selection of wine was vast, but I can't comment on any of the selections because we never had the opportunity to drink any. I had high expectations for this place, so it's unfortunate that it turned out this way. Obviously we won't be going back.
2	Hello friends!!It's been a bit since I posted. So here goes.I have had a good time trying out different Wine bars. This one sucks ass tasting wise. (Randy's words not mine) I bought a Groupon to this place. It offered for $10 a $20 value of a wine tasting for two and cheesecake for two. For $10 can you go wrong? YUP! You can.Now let me say this, the owner was super nice! Local Cave Creek guy. My stomping grounds. Super casual. A little to casual. Nice store, greets you as you come in, etc. when we shared with him that we had been by twice during posted hours and that the place was closed, he casually responded that he had a baby and would head out early to put his baby to bed. Touching; (Later found out that the baby was 2 1/2 and that sometimes he went home early to watch football....hmmm?) bad business practice. If you aren't t open during posted hours, how do you run a business? I could go on about this, but I digress.He gave us several options besides those listed on the Groupon. I thought this sounded amazing! A $20 bottle of wine. Four beers, or your choice of any combinations of 8 wine tastings. All included the cheesecake.   Let me say this about the cheesecake, it was good but it was served in individual jars that made it look like baby food! The presentation was less than appetizing.  We made the choice to allow him to choose the wines. We wanted to try wines we had never tried before.The wine choices were, well, NASTY!! I can get a better shot at a decent wine by rolling the dice in the grocery store, bottom shelf, $3.99. (Sad)  Four of the 8 wines had started to turn to vinegar.  I'm not sure how long the bottles had been open, but they were just stuffed with their corks.  No rubber suction stoppers to keep the wine from turning.  For all I know, they could have been good wines.  Again, not professional.  For an owner and purveyor who goes to wine tastings and sells wine for a living I was sadly disappointed. Cave Creek is full of hidden gems, this is not one of them.Now, in fairness, I will say that he poured us a wonderful Pinot Grigio.  I purchased this wine.  it was smooth and well balanced.  This was surprising since I was more interested in the reds....gross!On a positive note, he does a lot of fund raisers for wounded vets and has been quite successful in raising money and awareness for wounded vets and their needs. For this reason I would not totally snub my nose at this establishment.Remember friends, life is to short to drink nasty wine!!Until the next time!
1	Excited to try Brix and had a Groupon to do so. Several friends and I called at 12:30 because the Groupon said we needed a reservation. They assured no reservation was necessary for 6:30 pm. Got there early. They closed and they closed early. Sign on the door says they close at 7. I call shenanigans. Boo to Brix
4	Friendly owner and patrons, reasonably-priced wine, and the cheesecake was UNBELIEVABLE.  It's a trip for us, but we will definitely be returning for a weekend afternoon glass of wine and conversation.
5	Those who know me know that I am a beer guy at heart. However, having known Bryan a couple years through mutual friends, I came to find out that he and Nancy are animal lovers and like to support the local rescue I am a part of. So I started hanging out at the new place and I love it and bring friends to check it out. They've got a few beers as well, prices are good, Bryan takes care of the regulars and the people are nice, no Scottsdale snobs in this place. Plus you can go to Groupon and take advantage of that as well.
