5	Lovely.  Simply lovely.  This hotel located in the West End of New Town in Edinburgh, is in a historic row of town homes located across from a private park.From the moment you pull open the large front door- you will feel that you must be staying at a posh friend's home.The front desk staff is personable and friendly and for this tired traveler who arrived at 10am in the morning- I was thrilled that they had acknowledged my early check in request which meant my room was ready and I could grab a couple of hours of sleep before heading out to take a look around.Now while all rooms are not as opulent as the suite I had, they are also nicely appointed.  My suite had a bedroom that overlooked the park, there was an attached private sitting room and large bath with a footed tub and shower complete with body sprays.  The 15 foot ceilings soared above me and allowed for a magnificent canopied bed to be the centerpiece of the room.The bed was a dream to sleep in . . .thick duvet, with personal robes and slippers and even a throw if you wanted to sit on the couch and read.  There was even a full sized ironing board, iron and a very good hair dryer.  Internet access if free but you will have to ask for a code at the front desk.Breakfast is included in your room rate each day.  You have a choice of a buffet or hot breakfast and the food and service is quite good.  There is also a small bar area off of the lounge which is open for afternoon tea or a glass of wine before bed.  But since they are so accommodating- my favorite place to sit was in the main lobby by the windows sipping a glass of wine and sharing a dessert.  The staff is happy to help you no matter where you sit.The Bonham is within walking distance of all of the sights of Edinburgh and since it is in the New Town, also has many restaurants around it that are not full of tourists but good places to meet and hang out with the locals.  And it's only about 20 minutes from the airport.If you are going to be in Edinburgh for business or pleasure- check out The Bonham.  It was a delight to stay here!
2	I originally rated this place as 5 stars for their afternoon tea (itison voucher). My second afternoon tea experience here just didn't live up to my high expectations though. I did wonder if they'd let their high standards slip given the huge success of the vouchers. Yes they have! :(  Small niggles.....:1/ why bother asking someone at the point of booking if there are any dietary requirements if they then ignore the 'no fish please' request and add salmon sandwiches to the plate?!?2/ scones were overbaked, just edging over slightly on the side of burnt. There is NO WAY a quality kitchen should have let these go out. The scone is the central part of any afternoon tea so if they can't get that right.....3/ don't tell someone you're fully booked if you're not! We sat in the bar area ourselves with no music the whole time and it was only as we were finishing that another party came in. 4/ chocolate cup cakes were again overbaked! All in all, disappointing. I won't buy another voucher for here again. There is no excuse not to keep the standards high in a place like this. With sooooo many places doing afternoon tea now in edinburgh you need amazing quality to stand out. I originally thought this place one of the best teas in Edinburgh but I fully retract that now. Shoddy. **Grumpy Laura**
3	Really enjoyed this quaint hotel... Not too big and quite close to Princes street.  Would stay there again.
4	Lunch at bonham's was a very good experience. Quality of food was excellent, service good and nice relaxing environment. A little bit pricey for the house wine, but otherwise perfect!
4	My second visit to The Bonham was equally as good as the first.The service was attentive, friendly, down to earth and happy.The atmosphere in "the consulting room" was intimate, quiet and relaxing.The food was quiet delicious, finger sandwiches, meringues and nano cakes, along with "bubbly" and a nice, fresh & powerful Lapsang Souchong.I look forward to my next visit.
4	Located in old Georgian houses just off the West End. Nice welcome lovely room on 4th floor with gorgeous views of the Firth of Forth. Comfortable lounge. A short walk from Haymarket Station and onto Princess Street
2	A nice room at a premium price, so it's what you would expect really.  The quality of the food is what let this place down.  I am pretty sure at breakfast I got 3 (count them!) mushrooms.  The ceasar salad I ordered from room service was pretty slimy while the soup was very bland (and again hardly any bread).  The gym is also pretty antiquated, thoguh I suppose its good they've wedged one in.
