3	Kind, courteous and helpful are always things that my mother taught me when I was a kid. So when I took my mother here for lunch it was apparent that there was someones good mother present. The staff was so incredibly sweet, helpful and courteous it made up for the average Mexican food the kitchen was sending out. While my Taco Salad ($6.50) was pretty good, it wasn't anything special beyond the fact that it didn't have the usual soggy fried tortilla bowl. Mom had the House Special Nachos ($6.75) which were pretty tasty from what I could tell. Since I'm low carbin' I couldn't fully experience their crispy cheesy goodness. Perhaps in the future I will return when Im having an "off" day to try the delicious looking burrito's and enchilada's. Until then I get to use my own good values that my mother taught me so well.
5	Best homestyle Mexican food in town. And YES, they do still have the Sunday morning porkchop, just like Zip did, and YES it is just as good. Same recipe, same cooks. The family goes over and above courteous. For your best bet, go for the real food- rellenos, enchiladas, the albondigas on wed is awesome, weekend menudo even better.
5	This is the best chimichanga in the Phoenix metro area.  Hands down.  If you are a chimi fan, you owe it to yourself to go try one here.  You'll agree with me.
3	I have heard about this place a few times, the last being a member of the local fire dept. who happened to come in for lunch just before I was finished.  It is well out of the way and I am not sure I would like the neighborhood at night.  It seats more than you would think from the outside in 3 rooms.The round corn chips I am sure come from a bag.  Both salsas were pretty good, although after a sample of the hot one I stuck with the mild.  I had the lunch special 2 chicken and spinach enchiladas that came with rice and beans ($8.95) and a horchata ($1.75).  The enchiladas were different and good and the beans and rice were well prepared.  As Alexander noted the food is good but not special.  The service was very good even though it was Friday lunch and the place was over 1/2 full.  It is a definite add to my lunch rotation.
4	I teetered between 3 and 4 stars and gave them the benefit of the doubt.I was just here recently but prior to my last visit I had not been there in YEARS. It was still Lily's last time I had been there (the Lily's sign is still out front below, and slighlty more noticeable, than the Fajardo's sign).We went on a Sunday. The chips were warm (but store bought) and the salsa was fresh and good! I ordered the pork chops and eggs. The pork chop wasn't grilled as I had expected, but instead had been cooked in a crock pot (i think). It just had a different flavor and texture that I wasn't expecting.My dad tried to order the cocido (not available) and then the albondigas (also not available). I don't remember what he wound up ordering, but along with everyone else, we all agreed the food was good but not really mind blowing. We may be back but not before we go to La Perla's just around the corner.The service here is definitely worth mentioning though! I think thats what pushed me to give them four stars
5	Fajardos is what was once know as Lily's Cafe.  I have been going there since the mid 80's and still love this place. When Zip the chef and owner died in 2006 we not only lost a great friend but we lost our favorite restaurant.  When the Fajardo family reopened the place it was really like a dream come true. I still really miss Zip but I know he would be happy that the restaurant lives on without him. The food is still the same and wonderful. The Salsa is great and I find myself eating a few bowls of it before i ever even get my food.  My suggestions are the green chile soup and the special burrito (once called the Zip burrito.  I do admit though i have never had a dish there i didn't like.  This place is one that you must check out.
4	This is traditional mexican food that my family has been eating for years.I have been eating at this place since I was a kid. Fajardo's serves up the same great food as Lily's did. Their green chile is delicious and I love their salsa. However, the location is a bit hidden.The one thing I have never liked is their chips. For having such great salsa, it's a travesty to serve grocery-store chips. We also miss Zip and Zip's service, but the Fajardo's are doing a spectacular job keeping the legacy going.
3	Had a business lunch here. My colleague picked it and raved about the place. Typical Mexican food here. I understand that the recipes are generations-old, but it's not special. Decent service.
5	I have been going to eat here for at least 15 years now. As stated in the other reviews, this was once known as Lily's Cafe. When it reopened as Fajardo's the restaurant had some remodeling and updating, which it greatly needed. The food stands the test of time. My daughter and I love the Green Chili and Eggs breakfast which they serve on the weekends. I have had just about everything and it has always been good. The servers have always been friendly and accommodating to whatever my kids come up with for them to make. This is a great for those who are sick of chain restaurants but still want consistent, quality food.
5	Food was great...service was AWESOME and the price was perfect....would go back!! Only down fall is that they are closed Monday and Tuesday, but well worth the wait to go another day!!!
4	Authentic, great food, great service, affordable, friendly, and clean.
5	I just arrived here about a week ago from Virginia to visit my mom who lives in Glendale.   I simply love places like this.  Cozy, friendly, inexpensive, and good food.  Waitress was very friendly and the salsa is very good.  I had the shredded beef burrito with red chili sauce and is was so good!  After reading some of the reviews I realized I missed out on the horchata!  :(  Next time!
4	Authentic as it gets north of the border.  Little cafe that doesn't try to be anything it is not.  The waitress was lovely and nice, even as her daughter was in the table in front of me doing her homework eating soup.  I ordered the chicken burro and it was fresh.  Flour tortilla was hand made and not store bought... spanish style rice was homemade.  salsa was fresh and home made.  Refried beans are def. NOT from a can.  The only thing that I believe was store bought were the chips... but they were amazing!~Food was great.  9$ for a plateTip-  This place is not in a well known area .  It is somewhat hard to see and find, even with my gps on my phone, I had trouble.  There are no other businesses around. Seriously, some of the best Mexican food I have had in a while.  I am a pretty tough rater, so 4 stars from me is phenomenal!
2	We've been  going here for years, back when it was Lily's. Went last night for dinner and it was absolutely awful. The salsa had no flavor, I could make better. I had tacos, rice & beans, which weren't good. The meat had an odd flavor, the beans tasted like they came from a can and the rice was bland. It's been awhile since we've been, and I won't be going back anytime soon. Plus, they raised their prices and are very expensive for a mediocre at best restaurant. It's too bad, as I always enjoyed going on the weekend for the egg special (green chili, eggs & meat). Pedro's or Popo's are much better choices for a small, family-owned Mexican restaurant
5	I finally found a place with REAL MEXICAN FOOD in the West Side. The service is friendly and their food is delicious! The menudo is just like my Father in-law used to make. I highly recommend this place.
5	The food and service were great. We ate at 2 other Mexican restaurants on this trip and felt as though this was the first that knew how to make spicy salsa. We had the green chili burro enchilada style and the chicken chimichanga enchilada style, both were awesome. The chips were warm and tasted homemade. The michelada was good. The only complaint I have is that when we pulled up at 6:55 on a Thursday night we were the only ones in the parking lot and it felt like we could possibly be in a shifty neighborhood. That feeling went away as soon as we entered the clearly family owned establishment and were greeted by the most gracious hosts who both spoke perfect English (which is important for those of is who know zero Spanish).
5	Best Mexican in town!!!!  They also have the most amazing salsa!!!  Great place for Mexican food!!!
4	Very delicious Mexican food.  I'd give it five stars except I taste two cooks in this kitchen, one makes magic happen and the other is a novice.  So it's hit or miss  but when you hit, I'm confident it's one of the best Mexican spots in the Valley.
4	So delicious, total nana home style cooking! Chorizo breakfast super flavorful, cheery service. Setting is not at all fancy, very low-key, but comfy and casual. Strong Chicano vibe, feel-good kind of place. Next best thing to Nana's house!
