2	(looking around the room)Testing, Testing, 1, 2, 3?Ok. We all know how much I love a good sandwich. Nay, a great sandwich. And since a sandwich is God's invention meant JUST for me (and every other good boy and girl), it should be perfection.Ladies and germs, I present Subway (or as I like to call it WrongWay). We've all had those moments in our lives where we go through phases (paisley shirts, the Beatles, and Ace of Base (still in it)), and Subway's $5 footlongs are no exception to that.Today, I popped in to this location out of desperation because I didn't want the other option (KFC Double Down). My sandwich at this location was loose, limp and stale. And no one likes that combo. I had the Italian BMT.The ingredients were fine (except the brownish/green tomatoes). But the sandwich as a whole, was unappetizing, and didn't have the fresh, crispness that I've come to expect from Capriotti's, Jimmy John's or hell, even Quiznos. Do yourself a favor. If you are in need of a stellar sandwich, and nothing is in sight, PLEASE go to the Walmart Neighborhood Market and pickup your own ingredients. Your own sandwich will taste better.Also, if you are in this complex, pop in to Cheyenne Dental. They'll do a great job for you. Review on them in the coming weeks.(faints on stage from weak sandwich)
2	I've been to this Subway twice and both times I have been disappointed.Firstly - it appears that none of the workers behind the counter communicate well (mainly the cashier and the sandwich maker).On two different occasions, spanning 2-3 months, I have been OVERCHARGED for my sandwich.  I have to check my receipt and then wait another 5-10 minutes to get my refund.The assembly line leaves much to be desired as well.  I did not want to "go there" but I clearly communicate what I want on my sandwich at other subways just fine but the workers here appear to struggle with the English language.I do frequent other Subways and they are very efficient in building sandwiches.  This one, not so much.  The management here really needs to train their workers better.
2	I usually enjoy Subway, but there are off days. Why are the off days at this location?Cleanliness: It's clean, moving on.Service:The servers are hard to understand. Period. They need to do something because the communication isn't great.Food:The ingredients don't look fresh, and I don't know why. But it looks that way, and consequently it TASTED that way.Step it up, guys.
5	It's subway! The food is fresh and it taste exactly the same time after time, which is why I keep going back!Sure sometimes when I go in the store the employees are in the back room talking but when  it's time to make my sandwich ... They get right to it! After all I didn't come to subway to be treated like a queen ... I came in for my $5.50 footlong! The menu rarely changes so thankfully I have never had a problem getting my order through.. ' oven roasted chicken breast , provolone cheese , yes toasted please, lettuce, onion, cucumber , banana peppers, oil and vinegar no combo thank you! Location is usually clean and looking good since it's relatively new, it's never too too busy and it's fast!See you soon subway!
3	I go to this Subway numerous times a week since it's walking distance from my house. It's either really great, or really bad whenever I go here dependent on who is making my sandwich. One guy who makes the sandwiches (he's the only guy I've ever seen working the counter) is amazing. He spaces out your toppings, he's generous with the amount, and he listens to particular requests (i.e. a TINY bit of light mayo doesn't go unheard). On the other hand, there is a woman who works behind the counter (she's the oldest I've seen working there) and she is more than awful. Not only does she act like you are pissing her off, but she puts your toppings either entirely on one half of your sandwich - which is difficult for a 6" - or she puts hardly anything on your sandwich at all and when you ask for more, she grabs one or 2. On top of that, she never cuts your sandwich so when you get home you end up tearing it apart and everything falls out anyway.It's not just me either, when my friends go there, the same thing happens to them, so I know it's her and she just isn't really that great at making the sandwiches. When I go back, I just get bummed when it's her that makes my sandwich and I'll deal with her angry sandwich-making ways until the next time.
3	Its a Subway what more is there to say....its food, nothing to die for but fills me up when I am hungry
