2	Shoe Zone attempts to offer half-decent shoes at bargain prices.  I was in there in February hoping to find such a bargain on some new kicks.  I was extremely disappointed, however.  The trainers looked massive and clumpy with large, obvious stitching.  They looked like they would literally fall apart after a week's worth of hard - not to mention embarrassed - walking.  I'm no expert but I would guess that the women's shoes would evoke similar reactions.One of my friends dropped out of uni before Christmas and, having lost his student grant, is forced to buy his footwear from Shoe Zone.  He sincerely advocates the store, argueing that it's better than T K Maxx, but I'm covinced that this is either denial or self-delusion.  If you're after ultra-cheap shoes and are indifferent to style then Shoe Zone might be for you, but otherwise I don't recomment it.
1	Shoe Zone : The cheapest shoes I think I have seen in town. With constant reductions, you walk into this store and the smell of factory plastic just seems to dominate everything else. The shoes are of really bad quality, and quite clumpy and unflattering. They take fashions (such as the UGG boots) and make cheap alternatives. Thing is you just look at a pair and they disintegrate so it's not that cheap in the end. I guess it's good if you need a pair for a for a bad-taste themed party (Croc-mimics I am looking at you) but don't expect to find your new reliable pair of shoes here. Or anything tasteful for that matter.
2	The absolute lowest of the low, Shoe Zone really is only for those whom have lost their last shreds of dignity, self respect, and legal tender. It's customer base is made up entirely of "domestic assistants" (cleaners) and those guys that work in the change booths at dodgy car parks, only lifting their heads up from their wank mags once in a blue moon to lift the barriers.If broken Britain could ever be epitomised through a smell, it's through the stench of cheap leather and provident loan applications that permeates through Shoe Zone. Hideous.
1	Now, I wasnt the type of child at school who would throw a tantrum and ditch school if I didnt have the latest trainers for P.E or right shoes for hanging round with the cool kids.I would however, have drawn the line if I had of been forced to wear shoes from this place - horrible, cheap and simply nasty shoes that look like they were designed by a blind monkey and put together while that same monkey was drunk. They say if you walk a mile in a mans shoes... you'll most likely find a much better shoe shop than Shoe Zone.
2	You know it's perfectly credible to shop in places like Primark? The same attitude is not extended to Shoe Zone.I'm all one for finding a bargain. But this is a bargain bin. Their "funky canvas" shoes are lurid, likely made of cardboard, and modelled by junkies. It's so cheap it's depressing, and it's almost impossible to talk about Shoe Zone without a bit of commentary on the state of society/politics or the pock marked, post recession high street.If you end up in such a bad way that you have to shop in here, then I would advise you do anything you possibly can to get yourself back up on your feet. The shoes in here will ruin your tootsies and wreak havoc to your street cred. Sole destroying.
1	I don't really know what to say about Shoe Zone that hasn't already been said. It's terrible. Okay so the shoes might seem like a good deal but after they've fallen apart after a ten minute walk, you'll wish you'd never set foot in Shoe Zone. Like my Gran who bought a bargain pair of mules only to walk out of the sole and had to walk home in her sock, she was so mad and very embarrassed too!Sometimes you really do get what you pay for and living in Scotland, I'd give Shoe Zone a miss because as soon as it starts raining, they'll probably melt.
3	You know what, I can't help but love this place.Yeah it's cheap, yeah it's crappy, yeah the staff aren't overly-cheerful and yeah the shop is crowded with shoes....but it's funny, right?Who doesn't like this sort of place?! It's great if you're looking for a place to buy a cheap pair of shoes for a specific event, where you don't care if you wreck them.
