3	Don't get me wrong - I am not someone who visits snooker halls frequently.  This was a one-off visit with a children's charity I help with.  You would think that taking a group of 11-16 year olds from one of the city's more deprived areas would be asking for trouble.  The evening went without a hitch, which I think is partly down to the facility we were at.This place is hidden down Jordan Lane, which branches off the bottom of Morningside Road.  Parking here is difficult, and unless you're a member, you'll have to find somewhere on the street to park.  This wasn't easy for me, as I was driving a 17 seat minibus.  I did manage to find somewhere just round the corner though.Inside, it is everything you'd expect.  Low lighting, serious looking men playing serious looking games of snooker and pool.  There are a good number of tables, and on the night I was there it wasn't too busy.  There are TVs that play music videos which adds to the atmosphere.If you happen to live in Morningside, and are looking for a snooker and pool hall at which to perfect that cue action, or go for a 147 break, then try The Angle Club.  I can't see any reason why you wouldn't want to.
5	The angle club has now been rebranded The Ball Room since the original owners took it back from the rileys group who had run it into the ground, I can truthfully say that this is now the classiest and coolest pool snooker sports bar in Edinburgh, without a doubt!! Great food is served too, we normally go there before heading into town, so it's a great starting point for a night out, and very female friendly too, our girlfriends don't feel out of place there at all, unlike any other pool and snooker places in Edinburgh. They also have a more private section that my friends have used for get togethers and small parties, it has it's own bar, pool table, lounge area and darts etc. Really nice venue, definitely raising the bar in quality and standards in terms of what's offered and service, well done guys! The only gripe is maybe the location because it can be hard to find for friends of ours who maybe haven't been before, but then again maybe this adds to the uniqueness of the place.
