5	Great prices, friendly staff and a pretty good selection of food, with an emphasis on Persian. I can't get all my staples here, but I still manage to do the bulk of my grocery shopping at Akhavan.  The takeout kebab is also quite tasty.
5	Ok, anyone who lives in NDG will tell you there's nothing like Akhavan. I used to live in another part of the city and would go whenever I came to visit my friends who lived down the street from them. Now that my friends have moved back to BC, they miss it terribly, and I can understand why. They have an amazing selection of nuts, I even heard of people driving in from the suburbs for an hour to get their monthly supply, because that's how good, fresh and unexpensive they are ! Also great selection of meat, I actually stopped buying meat at the grocery store except for porc products and cold cuts, which they don't carry for obvious reasons. Their feta cheese selection and olives is amazing, plus all the fresh fruits and veggies, and middle eastern delicacies of course.
5	The is easily the best supermarket on the island of Montreal.Iranian/Persian in ownership, Akhavan carries speacilties from throughout the Middle East, Near east and Levant.While you will find Persian specialties like bags of deep fried onions, the thickest, freshest cow milk yogurt on earth, marinated meats which are begging for the BBQ grill, extremely fresh meats, steaks and kebabs, you will also find Turkish lavas bread, Indian teas, and quite easily the best party foods and snacks in Montreal. Forget Fontaine Sante hummus or baba ghannouj, come here and get the real thing and trust me you WILL taste the difference in quality here. Another amazing dip here is the roasted red pepper spead with walnuts and pomegranate syrup.Aisles of pickled goods, bags of spices, saffron, and the most amazing nut and dried fruit counter I've seen outside of the Middle East itself. Not only will you find the usual peanuts, cashews, almonds, raisins, but you will also find dried mulberries, green raisins, golden raisins, filberts, Brazil nuts, fresh almonds, barberries and other varieties which I don't even know the name of. All of it priced very reasonably.Another plus. They have a mini-restaurant now in the store, where they will make you your kebab to order, where you can sit down, try the saffron rice, samosas, and Iranian, Greek, Turkish and Arabic sweets all on display.What I also appreciate about this place, is this is probably the most cleanest and well-kept supermarket in town also. I wish Akhavan would set up shop closer to Verdun, because no joke, I'd do all my grocery shopping there if I could.
4	These guys have a nut bar!  What's that all about!!?  It's great!   More nuts than I've ever seen in my life in one place.The deli is also awesome, but busy.  You should go in the off hours to avoid the crowd a bit.  Lot's of selection of meats and cheeses, how can you not love that.There is a room in the back that has bags of rice and stuff.  I love buying my rice in bags.  You can't help but smile when you're leaving the store carrying a rice bag.  you just feel good.I've found all kinds of little treasures and speciality items on the shelves.  This store is really worth trying!Prices are good here, even for everyday items like milk.
1	Place is dirty, and customer service is horrible. Purchased onions from them, when opened the next day they were raughten. Went to return them and manager/owner gave me big attitude and said that he wont accept the return. Akhavan also has been known to have mouse infestations and dirty habits.Highly suggest you go somewhere else for grocery shopping.Watch this:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWUy_A_Iz0c
5	BEST FILET MIGNON IN TOWN Seriously, i have been coming to marche Akhavan ( the one in the west island) ) and has always order filet mignon! In 2 years,the filet mignon has always been good. I don't know how but it seems that their meat has a very high standard this is not like metro,loblaw or iga when you buy filet mignon one day it's good the other it's crap no standard... I'm very glad i found this store and i have started to try their marinated chicken which were very tasty! PS: Make sure to leave me some filet! Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
5	Best market I have been to, hands down! Ever! Even better than my Armenian markets here! Akhavan is fairly large, they carry everything you need from fresh produce, to flat breads, to fresh meats and prepared foods. I spent about the same that I would normally spend at my Armenian places here in the states which included some prepared Boregs and such. Also, I have never once in my life seen a jar of grape leaves for less than $4. Akhavan had a few brands which were $1.99 per jar. WHAT?! Oh can I also express how fricken huge their nuts are? They have a whole wall of nuts. Infront of that wall is a long table of bins filled with nuts. I had no idea there were so many nuts to be had!Anyway..if I ever live here this will be one of my top places to shop! Oh and they have a parking lot!
4	I found myself eating dolmades from a can on a boat in British Columbia when I thought to myself you know what I miss?! Akhavan's !!Akhavan's have such a great array of hard to find products from around the world. I believe it's Iranian owned and has tons of different ethnic foods, great deals on fresh meat and the most amazing fresh Persian baked goods. I also loved the nut section and the pre made tapas, not to mention the cheese selection. What a great spot to stock up on party treats - oh and I'd love to be able to claim their Mediterranean Chicken as my own, it's the best I've tried. The staff is great, super helpful and delightfully unique. Always quick to help you in finding anything obscure, they really seem to know their store. You'll have some fun while shopping and be pleasantly surprised at how much you can get for your buck!
1	Horrible dirty place. Unpleasant employees , high prices. Will never ever ever go back! Do yourself a favor don't go
2	I don't like this place. Been five or so times and recently said I never would again.Everything is overpriced, and very cheap branded Middle Eastern food is sold as exotic produce for sometimes 8x the price. Al Amana down the road has much better Middle Eastern stuff. And then even the local produce is overpriced, just so clients can feel exotic and interesting walking around Hommos and Ta3meya. I find this kind of establishment quite rude, honestly. Rather than openly wanting people to experience and enjoy, basic working class food is turned into some kind of elitist endeavor.
4	Superb selection of cheeses and meats.I can go there just for the kebabs, the best price around for Persian food.Super friendly staff and top notch in all aspects (fruits, pastries, breads)They have a ready-made section too and some stuff runs out quick (Ash Soup).Parking nearby is available.Sherbrooke West is a bit traffic-prone but worth a shot when in the area.
