5	For a short period of time I was making a lot of money and I thought it would continue that way.I came into the gallery and Loved Loved one of the paintings. I brought my girlfriend in to show her and she loved it too.We decided it was the best ainting we had ever seen.The guy there, Im not sure if he is the owner, he told us he had seen us come in a lot and look at the painting.He told us we could put it on lay away and make payments.He said it was soo important to get pieces you love and it made him happy to see a couple buy there first painting together.Well he let us only put a 100 down on this 2k painting.Times got rough immedietly after, we had to move from our home, downgrade everything. He let us pay him 50 here and 25 there. and I went a few months with out paying at all.We were supposed to pay it off in 3 months. Its been over a year and Im finally almost paid off.He is truely the most giving person ever. Since we first started paying the painting has tripled in value. But he didnt get greedy eyed, he let us keep paying what we could.I owe him something Im thinking Ill get him a fat gift card for dinner somewhere nice.Now that things are picking up. He truley desirves it.
5	I was lured into this gallery by the vibrant colors and good fun that it's walls emanate. The clincher for me was a painting of two monkeys and a paper airplane hovering over the pair. Upon catching a glimpse of that scene, I had to walk through this gallery's doors and be part of the fun. I stress the word fun when it comes to this gallery because so much art is serious. There's nothing wrong with serious; some art should be serious. The world, more so, needs serious art. It's refreshing, however, to see more whimsical work on display. Wilde Meyer does not offer a lower caliber of fine art, but rather another degree of excellence to the fine art world. Check it out!
5	This is without a doubt my favorite gallery in Scottsdale.  This is the type of gallery where you will see art that resonates with you as opposed to people you are trying to impress. They have art that you can live with every day. While much of the work in the store is not cheap, the value is definitely there.  And the customer service is fantastic. If you see something you like but cannot afford, the associates in the store will work with you to explore other options including sending you e-mails from time to time. I recently purchased a small painting and within 2 days I received the paintings background as well as the artist bio. They also sent me photos of new paintings from another artist that I have been interested in for some time.  All in all, a great gallery. You won't be disappointed. I would try to explain what type of art you will find here, but it would be better to check out their website as they have lots of sample works on the site.
5	Walking in to the Wilde Meyer Gallery in Scottsdale felt like walking in to a visual wonderland. Killing a little time before dinner reservations, my daughters and I walked in to this gallery and were immediately transported away from the heat and bustle of the day and in to a beautiful, welcoming escape. The art in this gallery is varied but all so bright and colorful.The two artists running the store (owners?) were gracious and let us explore freely. On occasion when we'd stop and admire a piece they would give us a little explanation without intruding on our experience. I fell in love with a particular item and asked if I could take a picture. I was asked what the purpose of taking the picture was and explained that I have no artistic ability and didn't plan to reproduce it, but it was merely for my personal pleasure. She kindly acquiesced.I fell in love with several different pieces as did each of my daughters. From bright oils, to delicate chalk work, to sculptures, to copper pieces, the artists who display and sell at Wilde Meyer are very talented and deserve much praise.
