5	We needed a break from wandering around all day and every piece of our body was killing us. We thought we'd seen a massage place somewhere in the Miracle Mile shops and finally settled on this place. They have the Aqua Massagers water massage tables. I've done them before and loved them so wanted to try it again. All the tables were full when we got there so they had us sit in these massage chairs to wait (for free). They had these awesome iSqueez calf and feet massagers that felt amazing. After that we got in the Aqua chambers and it felt great too. Definitely a relaxing end to our vacation. The water was relatively hot and that was the only piece that was uncomfortable. I'd have rather it be real cold, myself. The chick running the shop was a little pushy trying to sell us stuff at the end, but she took the No after about 4 or 5 times and gave us our total. I was so relaxed afterward that it was great!
4	What a nice little find in the Miracle Mile shops.  I noticed this while shopping at the Marshall Rousso's across the way and after a day out with the hubby walking and shopping we needed some pampering.  We sampled the foot massagers - the cool calf and foots machines you can get at Brookstone.  They were 10 minutes of heaven!  Plus they had us try these little massage machines on our shoulders that melt away the stress. Finally, we did the aqua massage which is always a nice relaxing way to decompress.  Plus you can do it fully clothed!  In and out!  We did get a bit of a hard sell at the end to buy the shoulder massage thing - but she relented finally and let us go!  That is the only reason it was 4 stars and not 5.  Still, a nice spot to get some relaxation in while shopping!
1	I absolutely hated the water massage here.  It was my first time, and I was only going to go for 7 minutes, but the sales lady talked me into 15 minutes. It was hot and uncomforable.  And I don't know what the earphones were for, since no music was coming from them.My right hip has hurt ever since.
4	Nearly every time I go to Vegas I have crossed paths with this place... it's space age looking contraptions and folks with plastic tubs up their nose - what? I finally made the time to go here and my wife and I had a nice time relaxing here. Due to our stroke of luck timing we were able to get the happy hour special pricing - 2 for 1. The two of us both got the water massage treatment... fully clothed (minus shoes) you lay down on your tummy inside of a coffin looking thingamobob. The contraption is lined with a soft plastic sheet that acts as a barrier (you stay completely dry), then jets of warm water spray over your body! It's like getting a massage, but in my opinion better - you don't have some stranger touching you!After that my wife and I took a seat at the oxygen bar. Chad, the friendly dude working the whole shop by himself provided us with brand new sets of tubing that were individually wrapped in sealed bags. He hooked each of us up to our own oxygen dispenser where we were able to change settings to determine the "flavor" of the air that was gently pumped into our nostrils. I enjoyed mixing the citrus and berry flavors. I'm quite sure that this is not medical grade oxygen... as far as I could tell they have a machine that processes regular air to have a higher concentration of oxygen.While we were relaxing at the oxygen bar, Chad provided us with warm neck pillows and electrode massagers that we were able to adjust ourselves... we ended up purchasing one from Chad to take home - it's pretty cool.  At this point I'm not sure if it was our imagination, but my wife and I really felt rejuvenated after our visit to Zen Zone... we were ready to hit the town again! I will certainly be making another visit to Zen Zone and I will be sure to let you all know if this is the real deal of rejuvenation or just my imagination. Regardless, it's a really nice break from the typical Vegas hubbub. If you are just as intrigued as I first was I recommend you give it a try!
5	Great price. $20 for water massage and 10 minutes of oxygen. He let us go way longer than 10 mins. Real nice guy. Good flavors.
