3	We occasionally ( ok, more than occasionally) like to order delivery.  What is a working woman to do! Rosati's is one of two non-chain local places that will deliver.  They do a decent job and have a nice thin crust pizza (but no where near NY style).  Recently we have decided to try the calzones which are chock full of toppings.  Great flavor and we always also order ranch to vary the dipping options.  The sauce is really good too.  Their delivery drivers are always personal, in fact one brings doggie treats for our pups.  Class A operation all around!  Only negative is that when we order for delivery they always say "it will be there within the hour."  This is kind of a cop-out.  We never really know when it will get there, it is always a guess, although they don't lie...it is there within the hour :0)
4	This is Dad's pick on his Scottsdale pizza quest, and we take Dad's opinion very seriously. I had a piece reheated and it was great! Crispy crust, crumbled sausage. I've tried pizza from a few places in Scottsdale so far, and this is definitely the best.
3	My husband loves Oregano's, but I like Rosati's better.  I enjoy the pizza sauce and THEY DELIVER.  Two large single to double toping pizzas run about $40.  Two larges will feed four to six hungry adults.
4	This was my first experience with Rosati's and I was impressed with  great deep dish pizza. It might not be exactly Chicago style deep dish but the ingredients were excellent and I would definitely get this pizza again.
1	TERRIBLE....TERRIBLE .... TERRIBLE      Greasy ...... Greasy ....... Greasy           If you LACK TASTE BUDS .... you'll love the pizza.As usual, I ordered the 18" cheese thin crust.....The recipe for the crust, seems to of changed. ....The red sauce was too sweet.....The acidity was over the top. .... It seemed to be under cooked..... inadequate cheese.Other then the above, I can't complain !!!Rosati's, I went through the above cycle with you, in the past..........AND IT"S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN AGAIN ....... Good Riddance
4	Great pizza.  Nice owners!
1	.............. The Ovens Are Off .............   +++ Looks like Rosati's is looking for someone else ...... Who lacks pizza talent +++The last Franchisee won't be missed.Over the past 7 years this was the 3rd or 4th Failed Owner.Serving up a decent pizza ....... isn't Rocket Science.Here's hoping that Alton Brown ....... will be the new owner.
3	+++++++++ NEW OWNERS +++++++++Carried out a few days ago ....... Pizza was GOOD ...... In Fact Very Good.            The same was also true of previous "New Owners"  ********Will they stay involved or be another absentee Franchisee ????? **********       Lets hope they studied the Downfall of their Predecessors ..........                   If not ........ then they'll also be ....... turning the ovens off in a year.The first bad pizza ...... I'll complain to them.The second bad pie ...... will be my last.
3	I wish that I could have given a better review.  The other Rosati's on Scottsdale Rd and Shea had great reviews and had pictures of the pie's that seemed really appealing.  The one in particular looked like a Chicago style with the sauce on top.  Lots of red sauce seemed like home to me so I decided to give this a shot.  I ordered and got the pan which I was told was the right one.  I showed up 25 minutes later and it was ready for me.  There was a sweet young girl working there and I think her boyfriend was hanging out at the counter too.  They were both young kids that seemed like they could be a little rough (like I was at that age), and I thought that the average patron might be intimidated by this.  But to me it reminded me of a Rosati's that I grew up near outside of Chicago.  The employees always had their friends hanging around smoking and playing video games.  And this experience seemed like a walk down memory lane.So I get the za and its huge.  Much bigger than I thought, but whose gonna complain about that?  Not me...that's for sure.  But when I opened it it was just a giant pan of cheese.  Not only was there not a hint of red sauce on the top, there was exceptionally little within the pie.  And the truth is that the cheese was really quite overwhelming.  Especially with very little to counter it other than the ingredients.  Crust was decent.  To be honest, it would've been quite good had there been just a little less cheese and a sizeable portion of marinara.  If you read their competitors reviews the ones that always seem to score big points do so because of sauce.  So you'd think that they would use more or at least use enough that the average Chicago guy would be happy with it.We ate about half and (this is horrible, I know) we threw the rest out.  We never do that.  But our guts were overwhelmed with the cheese and grease and it wasn't worth it to eat it as left overs.  It just plain wasnt good enough.Oh well.  Maybe we will try it again and remember how to tell them that we want it.  It could be good...but the way that they seem to make it without instructions really would never make the grade back home.  And it isn't "The water"...
4	Finally, a "Chicago style" pizza joint that actually tastes like Chicago pizza!I am a true Chicagoan (not the suburbs) living here in Phoenix and made it my mission to find great pizza in AZ. Since living here I've tried lots of pizza, but none moved me as much as Rosati's. Contrary to popular belief, "Chicago style" pizza is not just deep dish pan pizza, it can be thin crust and delicious. My sister and I split the thin crust (onion, mushroom, green bell pepper) and it reminded us so much of home. Now all you need to do is open a restaurant in Central Phoenix.
4	This truly is Chicago style pizza! If that's the kind of pizza you like, then you won't be disappointed. The price is very reasonable for a large thin crust. I ordered from them twice in the last two weeks and want another pie tonight! I had no problems with the customer service.
5	We've picked up a pie from Rosati's two times now - both sausage and both quite delicious.The sausage is ground, but has a lot of flavor.The pie is sliced into little squares - which my husband, from Chicago, LOVES.The do deliver, but we like to go for a little ride and pick it up. The place is in an odd kind of out-of-the way strip mall off of 116th. There are a couple of tables there, nothing fancy, it's clean (one thing you kind of worry about with delivery only places).The gal at the front counter both times has been very nice. Highly suggest you give this place a try!
5	Rosati's is great- their menu offers a lot and their pizza is amazing! The new owners are very nice and I am always very satisfied when I order from them. I've been to the other Rosati's and this is by far the best one! Definitely will continue to come here for a long time!
5	We ordered a Chicago deep dish pizza and it was delicious. The sauce has great flavor. We will be ordering from them again.
3	Ive tried this place twice and both times I wasn't impressed at all. 1st time I had the mozzarella sticks: average frozen fried kind,  ravioli with meat sauce meatballs and sausage: the sauce tasted a little burnt to me and everything else was good2nd time I had"Jumbo" (actually normal sized) wings, which were good I asked for ranch they sent blue cheese, a meatball hero w/ fries: asked for lite on the sauce they used a lot the way they melt the cheese left most of it on the foil and not the hero the bun seems a little stale and again that burnt sauce taste, I also ordered the deep dish chocolate cookie with ice cream, now I realize this was delivery so I wasn't expecting much of the ice cream but it arrived very much in tact the only issue was the freezer burn (seemed the ice cream is portioned out and refrozen) and the cookie was a little hard but very good. I still rate it average as the food was OK and everything arrived in time and hot.
5	We have had pizza delivered a few times, and we've loved everything we have tried. The 18" pizza is huge and they are always quick on delivery.
5	I got the chicago pizza and it far exceeded my expectations. I will definitely go here again. The staff is very friendly as well.
