5	Miura is one of these small gems that sits undiscovered in a small shopping center.  It is a really small (6 tables), family-owned restaurant and the food is fantastic (if you like Brazilian food).  We are all used to the fancy, large (and expensive) Brazilian barbecue place (and lampooned so well in the Bridesmaids movie).  This none of that.Miura is more like going to a friends house for a backyard barbecue in Brazil.  The guy cooking the food is the barbecue in small batches brings it out, there is a small but fresh salad bar (try the Chicken Salad, it is great) and a hot food bar with rice, beans, fries and some really good homemade sausages). In addition to which, the price is just right.
5	This is a small and quaint place located in Matthews. Absolutely perfect for a date or intimate family outing. For around thirty dollars you get a virtual parade of freshly roasted meats: steak, lamb, pork, chicken, lamb - all different cuts and all absolutely moist and delicious. The staff is incredibly friendly. There is a small but delicious salad bar and hot bar for your sides: freshly steamed veggies, Brazilian fries and potatoes. A few different rices and beans. Everything was outstanding, really one of the best meals I've had in my life. Get the Brazilian lemonade!!! It was out of this world.
5	What a refreshing surprise to find authentic Brazilian food in Matthews! The place is small but well-decorated, and the food is top-notch!The salad bar is just like in Brazil (the highlight has got to be the Chicken Salad), the hot sides were fresh and tasty (authentic 'farofa' and tasty chicken & pork sausages) and the barbecue... Delicious!I haven't had Top Sirloin or Flank Steak like that since my last trip to Sao Paulo... I'm definitely going back!
4	CLOSED DOWN - RIPI don't care for Rodizio but I was going to recommend this place for their excellent Feijoada -aka Brazil's national dish- which tradition dictates must be eaten only on Saturdays. A black bean and stinky bits pork stew, served over rice with collard greens, cassaba flour etc. Brazilian soul food, I love that stuff alas, no mas. It was offered on Saturdays with a small but very tasty buffet for $10 unfortunately I only got to try it once. I think the friendly young owner and chef didn't work the math of running a *6 table* Rodizio restaurant with an open buffet. the numbers don't add up.  He even included slices of imported Jamon Serrano ($20/lb) in the $10 buffet!! Also present was a chicken salad which was as original as it was a treat.Hopefully he will open an authentic Brazilian restaurant  next instead of a Rodizio.
4	And it's still CLOSED DOWN!In fact it's so closed that a Polish restaurant is in that place now
