4	This 7-Eleven will be of interest to folks staying at the Embassy Suites on Paradise Road - there is not a whole lot of stuff within convenient walking distance of the Embassy Suites.All your normal convenience store 7-11 goodness is here: bottled water, soda, beer, snacks, toiletries, and more.There is - strangely enough - gambling machines inside the 7-11. What's more - there were people using them! Bizarre!I picked up some bottled water and diet soda to take back to my hotel room...
4	7-11 Hotdog, I love you! Not just your regular hot dog, no no my friend. They have a little station where you can fill it up with your heart's desire.  Ketchup, mustard, salsa, onions, beans, cheese to name a few main attraction. Perfect hangover food after a long/fun night of partying *cheers*The workers were also very friendly, extra cool points! :)
1	I stopped here for gas on my way out of town after a fine meal at Firefly, and as I pumped my gas I watched as a police officer stopped and questioned (very heatedly) a woman on the corner. They pulled into the parking lot, and a long drawn out conversation ensued with what I will kindly call "a lady of the night". Not sure what she was doing out at 4pm, perhaps she isn't pretty enough for the night shift? It made me very uneasy, I pumped my gas and left, electing to get some snacks and a bottle of water further down the 15 South.
4	I like 7-11, always a good selection and they were the original slurpee slinger ( at least my original). but yeah it's a gas station so not much more to say.
5	So glad to find a place to get water in Las Vegas at a decent price. We were able to pick up a 24 pack of Arrowhead water for only $4.99. That was a great deal for Vegas...especially since I paid $5.41 for one bottle of water just an hour earlier in Bellagio.
5	It's a 7-Eleven. You all know what these are about. If you don't....then I feel bad for you.I don't review these types of businesses, unless I either A. Regularly patronize the joint. or B. Something unique happened.Today, was B. I was preparing for my drive through the desert after my meeting (which happened to be around the corner), and I needed some ice for my small cooler.I approached the counter, and asked the attendant (a very nice lady) if there was any way, I could purchase a small amount of ice. The 10lb bag of ice would have been WAY too much, and I didn't want to waste.The lovely lady then, without hesitation, handed me two plastic bags, and pointed in the direction of the soda machine. Out of sincere kindness, she let me pick up a very small amount of ice, that I needed and did not charge me.I won't forget this act of kindness. I will buy gas or something from these guys next time I drive through.Thank Heaven. This was a solid experience.
5	Great place to buy water at $1.69 big bottle compare to $4.00 on The Strip for a mid-size bottle.
4	My secret spot for quick fast food like meal. Zesty chicken wings for 3 bucks or a chilli cheese dog for 1 dollar cant really complain too much. As far as location unless your completely out of gas the neighbors could be a little sketchy. You will definitely be approached by pan handlers.
3	7-11 stores are terrific (for the most part).  This particular store is located on the corner of Paradise Road and Twain Ave.I stopped here to fill up the tank, and to pick up a case of water.  Gas prices were reasonable.  When I walked into the store I was surprised with how dirty the interior was.  The floors were filthy with spills that obviously had been there for a couple of hours.  They had 3 employees on duty that evening.  There was no line at the counter.  One staff member could have easily made the time to mop the floor.  It is hard to miss such an obvious mess when it is in the main traffic area of the store.Other than the filthy floors, everything else about the store was fine.  Shelves were well-stocked and organized.  The girl who helped me was kind and helpful.  Solid 3 star convenience store.  Just clean your floors regularly.
