4	Same deal, same review.
5	Rarely delayedr egardless of the airport, free bags, no charge for schedule changes.  How flying should be.
1	Southwest airlines has a horrible credit voucher policy. PLEASE BE AWARE ANY FUTURE TRAVELERS. I spent 100 with them about 2 weeks ago and they  refuse to give me credit back to spend on a future flights.  They say that because I used old credit worth $59 with them from a year ago the $100 I spend recently will expire on the same date. What kind of company does that? Do clothing companies at the mall say you can't return clothes because you've used credit? That makes no sense, it's closer to robbery.I used to be a loyal customer, but I will be flying Virgin Airlines to Las Vegas from now on.
2	We flew on flight 4790 from Orlando to Vegas on 6-22-14. When we boarded and were waiting for everyone to sit down, one of the female flight attendants got on the P/A and asked people to place smaller carry on bags under the seats. When some weren't listening she said "Ok, no one is listening so I guess I'm just talking to myself, Blah, Blah,Blah..." Which I found very unprofessional. Later, the same attendant was cleaning up after a child got ill and again announced on the P/A " People, please don't put your heads out in the aisle while I'm trying to clean, you're just in my way. If you're going to do that feel free to clean it up yourselves." Again, very unprofessional.The rest of the crew was pleasant, but this attendant seemed quite callous and rude. This lessened our flying experience. A male attendant also announced "if you paid more money, you'd be on US Airlines right now" I have no idea what he meant by that but I took it as though he thought US Air was a pricier and therefore better airline. At least that's how I took it. Add the rude Mr. "William" at the Orlando check in counter with the condescending attitude about baggage weights like we were idiots, and this was not a great experience. I won't be flying SWA any more.
1	By far the worst experience with southwest! They keep giving wrong information. The only reason I'm still flying southwest is because their airline tickets don't put a hole in your pocket and the bags are free. First my flight is delayed to 8:25, then they said 9pm. It then goes back to 8:30.. Giving us hope that we'll leave earlier. Then they change it again to 8;45. They finally board us and as soon as everyone is seated and suppose to take off soon, they say they got a message indicating that we will not be taking off to 9:30. What's next? Keeps going back and forth: they should seriously get their facts straight before announcing inconsistent information. Now we're stuck in the plane waiting when we could at least be walking around in the airport. Irritated!!
