2	I have lived here in a one bedroom now for a year and a half. It will have been two years by the time my lease is up. First, the good: the place is close to school and the apartments are fairly nice for the rent. The 9-foot ceilings make your apartment seem much more open, and the faux wood linoleum is a nice touch. There are garden tubs in the bathroom, which I love because I am a bathtub snob. The lake fountain outside is nice (that is, when it is working, which lately is about 60% of the time), and provides a good background white noise for studying. You can pay your rent via credit/debit card in the front office, which is very convenient. The girls who work in the office are sweet and always friendly. The complex is located conveniently next to the 101 loop, with easy on/off. It is a 5 minute drive from MWU.  It is also conveniently located near LA Fitness on 83rd & Union Hills, as well as various grocery and shopping locations, and the Arrowhead Mall. The staff is and always has been pleasant. The no-frills pool is decent. They are pet friendly, and have some of the cheapest pet rent in the area, for a mostly nice complex. Now for the ugly. I so badly wanted to love this place, believe me. This "gated" community has not been gated for quite some time, because the gates have been broken down and open for MONTHS now. ****UPDATE*** The gate was finally fixed in early February. It is now closed 24-7 (previously when I first moved in it was open during business hours), but it still doesn't keep the junkies out....but I digress. The "State-of-the-Art" fitness center is rather laughable. It is a mishmash of random machines, a treadmill, a stretch thing (srsly?), and an incomplete set of weights. There are children abusing the fitness center anytime I've ventured in there.  The water to my building (and I can only assume everyone else's building as well) is randomly shut off several times every month with no warning and no explanation. In fact, as I write this, it is about 5:45 pm on a Monday (office is closed, of course and maintenance does not answer their emergency line-yes I tried calling them) and the water has been shut off again. Luckily, I buy my drinking water by the gallon. I feel bad for the poor souls who possibly drink the water from these faucets (ew). Oh man, what if someone was in the middle of a shower and the water was shut off?! Need to flush your toilet! Ha! Sucks for you!!!The current set of maintenance peeps have, on multiple occasions, disposed of large appliances (water heaters, fridges, you name it) in the dumpster, which has caused the dumpster to overflow with trash since there is not enough room for actual trash bags Really- is it acceptable in AZ to dispose of appliances in dumpsters? Crazy.  My AC broke down on a Saturday last summer, and the maintenance guy who answered the emergency line told me "Well, I live on the other side of town, sorry I can't get to the complex until tomorrow." To be fair, I don't believe that particular maintenance guy is employed here anymore, but the appliance dumpers are. When I first moved in, it seemed that the "quality" of the residents was higher. Mostly students and wonderful little geriatric residents who were quiet and peaceful. However, I am assuming the complex must have run a White Trash Special (move your whole family in! As well as your cousins! And your 3 huge dogs! And your baby-mama's junkie son who skulks around the complex and hangs out by your door and hops over your ground patio because you apparently didn't trust him enough to actually give him a key to the apartment, but it's okay because he only stays there on occasion!). Also, when I first moved in, many of the concrete steps were in disrepair. No joke, some of the rebar was showing through, but in their defense, they spray painted them a cautionary yellow. Finally, about 16 months later, they replaced...wait for it....SOME of them. There are still a few-no, many steps that need to be replaced. One of the "repaired" steps isn't flush with the landing, and creates a trip hazard for someone who might not notice. Yes, I reported this a month ago. Is it still there? Yes. Well, anyways...I suppose if you think this is a review from some disgruntled resident, then well...by all means move here and experience the luxury of Laguna yourself. I for one, am leaving as soon as my lease is up.
5	Love it here I couldn't be happier I love the fact I look out m window and see baby ducks the girls in the office are great I love going up there and feeling so welcomed i love y neighbors she has become one of my best friends! I don't see a move in my future for a long time!
5	I'll admit, this place used to frustrate the bejesus out of me. Then they changed management. The new manager really cares and gets things done. I had some issues with my apartment. She got the repairs done right away.   Thanks to Barbi for turning this place around. Please don't leave us!!!!
5	I've been here since March 2011 and don't have many complaints.The complex itself is gorgeous. The apartments are huge! I'm in a one bedroom and it's 898sq ft. My balcony has two entrances and wraps around the apartment, so it's perfect  for friends who smoke. And for the afternoons I like to read outside.Management is really good. They are flexible with rent payments and are willing to work with you if you need help. Maintenance is great! Anytime I've ever had an issue, they've responded quickly and everything gets fixed.I saw recently that you can do an upgrade with new appliances and dark cabinets and floors in the kitchen and bathroom, but I'm not sure if this applies only to new residents or if older residents can get upgrades too...I need to ask.The only downfall is the cost of living (and therefore rent going up each time you resign your lease), which you can't do anything about, haha. But to be honest, i did a lot of research before moving in and even though the price goes up every year (cost of living, duh) I still wouldn't want to live anywhere else. The complex is is always so quiet and very dog friendly! Great for small families, too. The only other thing is that the gym is just really small. But, it's nice to go in the early mornings when no one else is there and dance around and work out to Justin Timberlake. :)This place is a really good choice, especially for the Arrowhead area. The apartments are a great size and if possible, I'd splurge for the upgraded floors and cabinets before you move in.My lease is up in March and since I'm not ready for a house yet, I'll be resigning my lease, which I'm happy about. I'll ask about the upgrade for current residents and let y'all know! Have an awesome Sunday!If you're at all considering Laguna, I highly encourage and recommend it. Right near the park and schools and great for students!Xo
5	When I got on here I was shocked by the reviews below ! I love it here. It's so quite and peaceful at night all you hear is the fountain. My apartment faces the back lake though so I'm rather blessed. The girls in the office have always been very helpful. I really only go in when I need to pick up a package or pay rent but the girl always remembers my name and takes the time to ask about me and my family. The only service requests I have had to put in are a changed air filter and one light bulb out (I've been lucky) and those little things are usually done within the 1st day or if not the very next. So no complaints there! I love the fact they changed it to be a closed gated community 24/7 it just gives you the feel of a little extra safety all the time not just at night. I would have to say over all it's a pretty great place. I just renewed my lease at the end of April and the girl was so sweet she reminded me I had the choice to accept a free tablet. I had totally forgotten! And in May was my sons birthday so it was perfect!!  and until I can afford to buy a place I plan on keep renewing. Hey if you can keep the place clean, keep a smile on your face and get things done your okay in my book!
4	The only negative comment I have is that the management keeps changing.:/ I loved Kelly and she's gone now, the previous manager barbi wasn't even here  six months and now there's someone new. Granted, the new manager is awesome too, but it just catches me off guard when I go in the office and there's always someone new, lol.That being said, Laguna is still a good place to live. It's pricey (I pay $800 for a one bedroom, and I know it'll go up again when my lease is up) so I'm not 100% I'll be resigning another lease when mine is up, but for now, I'm grateful to be here.Also, I found out about the upgrade! I'm not doing it because I can barely afford rent but, the upgrade includes faux hardwood floors, new sink fixture, dark cabinets and new countertops. Its $150 extra per month. Which I think is crazy, I'd rather pay a flat fee than a monthly fee but I don't make the rules. If I had the extra money I'd do it, but I'll probably just wait to get a house to do upgrades. :)
1	for a place built not long ago,  it is sure falling apart. The rent is way to high for the size. since I have been here crime has went up,  couples having more then a good time in the hot tub and even at nine in the morning!  caught someone peeing on a bush by pool just yesterday .... ya buddy there are windows everywhere.  People throw garbage where ever as they walk by.  I moved in because I wanted a place where I felt secure but the gates are broken, people who don't live here pull big gates open and last week we had a creeper attempt to  break in our neighbors place and try to do same to mine.  had a set of neighbours that stayed three month,  had to call police five times for dometic violence... college students move in and bring the friends,  now there is no parking  and I live here!  let's not mention people are parking in my spot.  when I moved in I was told I can call towing well apt didn't give approval.  seems everyone with a dog does not know how to clean up behind their animals,  one day someone had their dog off leash and the dog crapped on my door step.  who does that?  thank goodness I am in the process of buying a house because this is an issue,  does no one see the tweaker outside dealing drugs?    I can go on,  nevertheless this place is not worth 985.00 a month.  management is a waste of a paycheck where if called upon to fix something she waits weeks and no matter how many times you tell her she just states we never came in.
