4	I was really hesitant to rent from a Budget, after reading all the negative reviews on the other Budget locations in Vegas, but decided to give this location a shot, since we wanted to rent a car that was somewhat near the strip (since we werent getting it from the airport).  I really liked that you can arrange their shuttle to pick you up and drop you off at your hotel, so it made renting from them very convenient.  The guy who picked us up was very friendly and talked to us the whole time of all the various places (both tourist locations and unique places to explore). service was fine, picked up and dropped off at hotelI also checked our credit card bill afterwards, and did not see any surprise added fees either, so I would recommend this place.
1	Don't rent from here unless you have a half hour to kill in spare time. Picking up and returning takes way too long. You think if you have a reservation they would have a car ready for you. Not wait until you get there to clean and wash it. None of the staff was friendly or helpful either
1	Open at 730am means the door is unlocked at 730. No business shall be conducted until all employees and management have had 2 cups of coffee and bullshitted about the previous nights sexual exploits for 25 minutes. 1 hour later, you're all set to go start your day. Worst. Rental. Agency. Ever. No apology for making us wait.
1	Absolutely horrible. We rented a 24 ft truck and a tow dolly. The Tow dolly looked like it was from a junk yard and did not have a pin to hold the ramp in place once the car was on. After notifying them of this before we left, they did not provide a solution except for a bungee cord and pin. Yes, we were on 215 and the ramps were dragging. Once we actually got to our destination, we had to wait 2 days to move into our house and we had the rental truck outside a friends house. After 2 days of rain, we went to unload our stuff and everything was soaking wet inside. Inches of rain had soaked through this shitty truck.  Its been over 3 weeks dealing with customer service in hopes of getting some compensation for damaged items and it continues to be delayed..... Do not go through Budget, at least this location (poor equipment) and get insurance if you do. HORRIBLE!
1	Worst experience ever!!! I'd give no star if it was possible.
1	Reserved a 24ft truck a week in advance only to get a phone call the evening before pick up to tell me they wouldn't have my truck available. I was told to call the 800 number and they would try to find another location with a truck. They Were Able To Get Another But 30 mins And 20 Plus miles From My original pick up location. They would transfer the truck and wouldn't even waive the .69 cents a mile charge for the extra 40 plus miles I'd have to go our of my way. Sad they charge you if you don't cancel a reservation 48 hours in advance but they can cancel with less than 18 hours and your just screwed. Never again
5	This company is excellent, especially in Las Vegas.  I rent from here regularly and recommend it to all of my friends and family in town.  Manager Leslie is always the best and extremely helpful and quick to respond to any needs.  Her staff is well-trained and I am a very loyal customer simply because she and her staff know how to take care of people for reasonable prices.  Thank you Leslie!!!
1	Terrible customer service. If you are renting a truck over 16ft they will make you take coverage. They say if it is an in town rental you have to take coverage which is $29.99 while my rental was $23.99. The contract states coverage is not mandatory and also ootional, but the guy says his office makes it mandatory. Go to uhaul where the trucks are lower in the back making loading easier, they come with a ramp on some and they dont make you take that silly coverage. I wouldnt rent from them again.
