5	Great gelato!  Come try this new small business in old town Scottsdale!
5	Tiramisu ummm!!   Great new business in Old Town Scottsdale.  Unique flavors!!!!
4	Nice place.  Friendly Italian owners.
5	This is an amazing spot for gelato. They have a small but full freezer with an array of really good flavors. The decor is modern and fits right in with the Scottsdale Center for the Arts atmospheric nostalgia. I decided on a pineapple and cherry combo in a large waffle cone. The gelato is very light and creamy. Just Amazing!!! My wife went for the Cappuccino flavor and she loved it as well.We are going back on a regular basis to experience the other flavorful delights, especially during the summer months. We chose not to sit in the store, instead opted to walk over to the LOVE statue and listen to the water fountains near by.If you like Angle Sweet, this new place hits the spot! Located in Old Town Scottsdale and the owners are very friendly.I would have to say it is better than The Gelato Spot down the street,but I'll have to see if Cool Gelato Italiano has watermelon in the summer to beat out Angle Sweet for that flavor...so far it might just be my valley winner for gelato hands down.
5	This amazing gelato shop is tucked away near the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Arts and well worth taking a short walk to get to.  As others have said, the portions are generous and the owners allow you to mix flavors.  I had the cappuccino and salty peanut flavors and it was a spectacular combination.  Either could have stood alone but mixing it made it all the better.The staff (owners) were very friendly and attentive, offering samples of every flavor.  The prices were reasonable: small is $3.50; medium is $4.50; and a large is $5.50; and included tax in the price. Indoors seating is fairly limited but with the park a short walk away and Old Town nearby, we took our gelato and enjoyed the beautiful surroundings.Highly recommended.
5	Everyone I recommend this place to comes back raving about. Amazing, fresh, real Italian gelato. The Italian owners are extremely friendly and passionate about making the BEST gelato. Go!
5	Stumbled across this place while I was waiting for a dinner reservation down the street, and it was just what the doctor ordered!  It is a cute little shop with a small freezer with a good array of gelatos and sorbets in multiple delicious flavors.  I tried the cherry and salted nut, both of which were perfectly smooth, not overly sweet (or salty, in the nut case), and refreshing - especially now that the heat has been turned back on.
5	I wish this place was closer to my house.  I love, love, love this gelato.  The creaminess and soft texture of this deliciousness is amazing.  I had the Grisbi, a lemon cookie gelato with little pieces of lemon cookies and the Choco Wafer, YUM, no DOUBLE YUM.   The best part, even for the small cup you can have 2 flavors.  That is the best.  What is up with other places only letting you get one flavor for a small cup.  Ok, stepping down from soap box.  I all be coming back with my twins, specially since my little boy is a gelato fan. Yay!
5	Love love this place. Great gelato. Staff could be a little friendlier. Great location and was a perfect ending to my hubby's and I romantic walk around the park. It was hot out also so that was a perfect treat!
5	Walking around through the park and this place was located in just the right spot! Confirmed this place with Yelp before we walked in and all was well. I think only one spoke english, but that showed me this place was real Italian people, which made it better. Ice cream was very good and loved the little sampling spoons. Stop in this place if it's hot out and your just walking around.
5	To put it simply, this is the best gelato I've had in the U.S.  (In an attempt at retaining some food snob credentials, I'll say that the gelato at San Crispino Gelateria in Rome was still better.)Cool Gelato Italiano is in a great location on the Scottsdale Mall, between the Scottsdale Museums of Performing Arts and Contemporary Arts.  On the summer Saturday night that I was there, there were bands playing, dancing shows, and lots of foot traffic.  It was just a lively atmosphere.The gelato shop itself is bright and clean and has a European feel to it.  In fact, a few rather stoic Europeans were serving the gelato.  I heard accents that I assume were Italian.  Customer service was fine, but it wasn't their paramount concern.  Cool Italian Gelato limits customers to only two tastings, and the staff was visibly unhappy about breaking my wife's $20 bill so she could buy a $1 bottle of water.The main focus of any review of a gelato shop should be... (duh) the gelato!  And the gelato here was outstanding.  Every one that I tried was very creamy and bursting with flavor.  I ordered 2 flavors (1 cup).  The mint chocolate chip was very minty, but in a refreshing way, not a medicinal way.  The Magnum had a subtle undertone of caramel.  (Note: The mint chocolate chip overwhelmed spoonfuls that featured both it and Magnum flavors.)  I also tried the peach gelato.  It was a little sweet for my taste, but it had the same velvety texture as the other flavors.I highly recommend going here on a hot summer day (or night.)  Sit outside, people watch, and enjoy the best gelato this side of Rome.
4	Great flavor
4	There was a void left when Moreno Spangaro closed Arlecchino's at LGO and returned to Italy.  Since then we have been searching for a place that served Gelato with the care, craftsmanship and creativity of the Old world.The Gelato appears to be from the Veneto School with an emphasis on fresh dairy and eggs.  The result is a rich, dense, and elegant flavor.  My gelato barometer is always pistachio and this place currently has the best in Phoenix.A great treat and a great way to cap off an afternoon walking around Old Town.
5	My husband and I have both visited Italy and tasted their world renowned gelato.  Walking into Cool Gelato Italiano was like a step back into our time in Rome.  Seriously, from the kind owners, the authentic gelato and general good vibe we wanted to move to Scottsdale!  Alas, we are living in the lovely state of Washington...but we highly recommend anyone visiting the Scottsdale are to seek out Cool Gelato Italiano!
5	Quite possibly one of the best gelato places I've been to.  I tried some of the coconut and it was rich, smooth, creamy, with a wonderful tropical coconut flavor.  I kept on wanting to eat more and more! (I did have to restrain myself since I was sharing it with someone though)  I also had some of the Moroccan caffe, which are some shots of espresso with chocolate powder.  It tasted thick, rich, and smooth.  Service was warm and friendly.  Definitely a stop for good dessert if you're in the area!
5	Best in Phoenix!!!!! Yum Keep up the great work
2	This place has been on my bookmarks awhile, and after my visit on Saturday, I left unimpressed.Service was a bit weird. There was an older woman who served me but never spoke, nor smiled. Instead, another man did the talking for her. I find the "limit 2 samples" signage very unwelcoming. I rarely would try more than 2 anyways, but it just feels unfriendly. And why a premium charge for pistachio? I tried their pumpkin pie flavor since I'm a fan of all things pumpkin be it sweet or savory, but the gelato wasn't good at all. I then tried the cinnamon roll gelato which was better but definitely not as great as all the Yelp reviews had promised.
5	I have tasted Gelato in many places across the US and this is hands down the best I have ever had. My wife says it's the closet thing to the Gelato she had in Italy and that is a high standard in her world. Any time we have friends going to Scottsdale we recommend they stop by "Cool" for a tasty treat. Check this place out if you have the chance!
4	If you walk in and ask for "due palle" you'd get two scoops of whatever flavor you point at. The very nice couple behind the counter are Italian and they make gelato the same way it's made in Roma. Stray away from vanilla & chocolate and go for something more authentic, like amaretti or pistachio or stracciatella. The fruit flavors will make you happy if that's what you're into. If you have caught yourself riding the Nutella wave that's washing over America right now, get a scoop of bacio. No, leaving your carton of ice cream out to thaw for 20 mins at home does not make it gelato. One taste of the gelato here will make you understand why.
5	This is the most authentic Italian Gelateria I've been to in Arizona. The owner, Alberto, is very friendly and welcoming. Absolutely amazing!!! Definitely eat here!
5	It truly is as good as it gets. Gelato made by Italians. Look at the certificates on the back wall if you need proof. I had the Wild Cherry mixed with the Chocolate yesterday and my entire day felt like rainbows and fuzzy puppies afterwards. I love when they make a citrus flavor like lemon or grapefruit. They are the nicest people and if you like gelato or ice cream or anything that tastes better than you remember, go here. I want to go back right now and it's freezing outside!
5	This might be my new favorite place to get gelato! Ok..I don't have much experience in this department. I've only been to Gelato Spot and Angel Sweet, which are both great in their own regards. I went there on a Sunday afternoon after wondering around Old Town. The inside is bright and open, very modern. There were 3 people working, they were friendly enough-although not over the top, which I prefer. I think they were all Italian (maybe the owners according to the other Yelp reviews?). I had my eye on the Wild Cherry flavor so I got a sample. I ended up ordering that flavor with lemon. I'm a sucker for fruit flavored gelato. I am pretty sure this is the best gelato I've ever tried. Wild Cherry had chopped up cherries in it (Mmm!!) and both flavors were creamy & complemented each other perfectly. I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of the more traditional gelato flavors. Highly recommend! :)
5	Gelati perfetti . . . perfect gelati . . . perfect spot, and how Cool is that!. Hazelnut, wow! Pistachio, wow! Very fine. Park your car at the Civic Center and take a walk around the park.
4	Was walking around Scottsdale Civic Center and happened by this shop. Not a big selection but good gelato. Owner seemed to be very friendly and willing to let us sample up to 2 different flavors as posted.
5	I happened upon this place during my morning walk and was hoping to get gelato.  I'll eat dessert first any time I can get away with it.  Instead, I had to settle for one of the most perfect mocha lattes I've ever had.  (I used to work at the espresso bar in an Italian restaurant and am a big snob.)  I decided then, that if the man can steam milk that well, I had to sample the gelato.So I returned with my mother and sister-in-law later that afternoon.  The owners were super friendly and I ordered a medium cup of the stracciatelli assuming that that meant I would get two scoops.  I was wrong.  They packed the cup and I just about ended up with a pint.  It was more than I wanted but I finished it anyways because it was delicious.  Oh well.  I burned off the calories chasing my nephews around the playground the next day.
5	Love this place ! Gelato was fantastic and the service was quick and friendly. I cannot wait to go back.
5	I think this place is fantastic.  The only downside is the location.
3	Yummy gelato. A bit overpriced. And the servings could definitely be bigger. But overall "Cool" place for gelato.
5	I had an opportunity to visit this delightful gelateria when we were in the area after lunch a few weeks ago.  We had actually seen this place earlier in the year but it closed early and we didn't have another opportunity to visit downtown Scottsdale until recently.  It's small inside - only a few tables and chairs - but the big open windows and clear tables and chairs made it seem bigger.  The rule is that you can only have two samples - makes sense for a small, independently owned business.  That meant I had to make it count.  While I would have been happy to have a scoop of almost everything, I settled on trying the coffee crunch and the peanut crunch.  $4ish dollars later I had two scoops of chocolately, peanut-y, coffee-flavored heaven that I was trying desperately not to waste - no one escapes the styrofoam!  My husband went with the just tiramisu which was equally good.  I'm no expert at gelato, but this took me right back to the South of France.  If it wasn't 115 degrees outside, I could've almost imagine the Cote d' Azur in the background.The owner (I presume, since he was the only person working) was pleasant and patient with us while we made our choices.  I like that the flavors change frequently and that he scooped that gelato so lovingly it was like he was handing us his first-born.  Check it out if you are in the area or if you are willing to brave the craziness of downtown Scottsdale for some of the best gelato in Phoenix!
5	Let me start out by saying that I have tried Gelato all over Italy and I have experienced the best that can be had. My wife and I have been searching for good, authentic, Italian gelato and discovered this little gem. We made a special trip, it took about a half hour to drive down and try this place out. It was everything we hoped it would be. This is the real deal, comparable to the best Gelato you can find in Italy and better than some you might get even there. I spoke with the owner to see if he was the real deal or just a clever imposter. He studied, (yes, they have schools for Gelato making) just as for any other fine Italian craftsmanship. His equipment is all imported and of the best quality. Anyone who has tried and enjoys gelato will know I am speaking the truth. This is NOT frozen yogurt or any other chain ice cream scooper. In Italy they take their food culture VERY serious. This is SERIOUSLY good Gelato, REAL GELATO!
2	The Ice cream is good but this is not gelato.  If your looking for real Italian gelato this is not the place.
4	First off, the location and directions Yelp has are incorrect. This place is located directly across from the entrance to the Scottsdale Center for Performing Arts.I mention that first remark because I tried to find this place once before, and gave up. I'm so happy I found it though.I was greeted by a very nice man, who turns out to be the owner. Very polite and helpful and has a lovely authentic accent!I ordered a small cup and got to pick two flavors, naturally I chose stracciatella and chodolate. It was delicious and tasted fresh (not like it had been sitting in a freezer for a while). The portion was very appropriate and I will definitely be back for more. This was hands down one of the best gelato places I have been to in the valley
4	Good Gelato in Civic Center Plaza.  A little pricey but tasty gelato.
5	Superb gelato at a nice location. We happened upon cool because the modern art museum had not yet opened and we were strolling around. The owners are true italians, who moved here from Italy. You can definitely tell by the quality of their gelato, comparable to some of the best gelato I had in Italy last year. The cappuccino flavor is superb! They gave us no problems about mixing multiple flavors. Definitely worth a trip!!
5	HOLY MOTHER TRUCKING DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!Nothing better than getting a cool old Italian couple serving up authentic gelato.  Nothing more needs to be said.  Go there now, get pistachio - you're welcome.  :)
1	Our family will not return! I took my 3 daughters in for a scoop of gelato. After, 1 lick, my daughter dropped her gelato on the floor in their store. I politely asked them for another scoop. The woman at the counter replied rudely, "Not for free!" I wasn't about to give them another penny for another scoop. I'm so disappointed in their customer service!
5	This must be what gelato tastes like in Heaven. It was so good. White chocolate Nutella flavored, are you serious???
5	Wow. What an incredible find. The gelato here is the best I have ever had. I had half Madagascar vanilla and half stracciatella. Incredibly nice gentleman working at the counter, very helpful too. My only criticism is that I'd really like to sample more than two flavors! Please try the candy in the jars. The one with eggnog in the center was amazing.
5	There are plenty of places to get gelato in Scottsdale, and I've probably tried them all, but this is certainly the best. It's a small place that can be difficult to find if you don't venture into the Civic Center area.  But you can taste the quality in the product. Whether we are visiting the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art, seeing a show at the Center for the Performing Arts, or hanging out at one of the many festivals at the Civic Center, we always stop in for a small bowl.The owners are the nicest people, direct from Milan, and couldn't be any friendlier.
5	Amaretto flavor is delicious! Nice, old Italian folks own this joint. Flavors are unique and the selection is good. Definitely a great place to stop in and cool down! Has a few tables on the patio too.
4	Stopped in here after a scavenger hunt at the Plaza because it was a million degrees and we needed something cold in our system. Their prices for drinks are a little on the high side, but I felt for the quality of gelato, the prices were okay. I had a small pineapple gelato and it was heaven in my mouth, very good. I'd stop back in if I was in the area
5	My husband and I just returned from a vacation in Rome when we happened upon Cool Gelato while strolling around the Scottsdale Civic Center Mall. Having just been schooled in how to tell "real" gelato from "fake" gelato (made from a flavored powder base) I can attest that the gelato at Cool is the real deal! It's worth the trip to Old Town Scottsdale to taste authentic Italian gelato...cant' wait to go back!
4	Yum...had to check this place out after I heard they won best gelato in Phoenix!  I thoroughly enjoyed the pear gelato while sitting in the park this weekend - flavorful with figs and so refreshing.  Definitely made me feel like I was in Italy!
3	We stopped by after a night at the museam, the owners were very nice and helped us pick out items.  I do recommed picking on the smaller side since everything is very rich here.  Great selection of flavors and it's ideally located for the night life.
