5	THE best macarons in Montreal. I visited Paris and had some there in the best patisseries, but quite frankly for the price and quality, you can't beat La Maison du Macaron.They switch up the flavours each season (was very sad Litchi and Tea disappeared), but this Spring 2011's flavours of white chocolate and milk chocolate are heavenly.My favourite flavour is the Peppered Mango. It sounds totally weird, even disgusting, but it IS SO GOOD. A must try.You can check out what the macarons kind of look like, circa July 2010 here: http://www.fabulouslybroke.com/tag/la-maison-du-macaron/I paid for 24 macarons, $32 (tax included), which works out to about $1.33 per macaron. GREAT deal. No discount if you buy more, so even if you want to pick up a small box of 6, the price is still $1.33 per macaron.Love. LOVE!
4	Thanks so much Yvonne T. for my gifts from Montreal!La Maison du Macaron's macaron is AWESOME!These are not normal macarons since they passed the extreme test:- flying all the way from Montreal- got crushed in my purse while I was drinking vodka and partying away during Elite Event- ate them at least 5 days after they left the store in MontrealAnd I have to say it is one of the best one I ever have.. though they just look so ugly that I could not take a photo..So smooth.. have great flavours and not overpowering sweet!Chocolate so rich!Coconut has real shredded coconut inside!Though the size are smaller than the ones I have before, but not small in flavour!!I can't imagine how good they would have tasted if they were fresh!!
5	Hello strawberry and rhubarb!  We had the good fortune of randomly checking yelp while we were in the area of La Maison du Macaron.  Thank the gods we did, otherwise this would not have happened for us.Just thinking of this spare, white shop on a side street off Mont-Royal makes me drool.  Sadly, we only got 6 macarons.  How moronic that was.  The combinations are amazing, in hindsight.  Passion fruit and chocolate was our favourite.  Check out their website for flavors of the month and season.We left the store and lingered outside for a minute before I decided to get a single frozen one for the little bug.  She's on a lemon kick and had already devoured her lemon macaron.  Sadly, there was only one person staffing the shop and she was tied up in the back for 15 minutes, according to another patient customer.Contemplating doing a huge order to justify shipping these delightful gems, if that is even possible.
4	I went to La Maison du Macaron in Montreal last month.  This place and Point G macaron boutique are located within walking distance of each other.  The store is bright and modern, with a sit-down cafe area in a separate room.  The people working there very friendly and helpful.  They have 24 flavours to choose from, I tried 6 of them and they were all very good.  One was stale, but still tasted good.  Flavours I had were: apple cinnamon, chocolate banana, blueberry, matcha green tea, caramel fleur de sel, and mango amarula.  They also have a ice box display case of frozen ice cream macarons.  It's a macaron sandwiching ice cream in the middle.  They had several flavours on offer, we tried green apple and pineapple.  It was sweet and icy cold, with a very fruity and creamy ice cream centre.  Yummy!
4	The macaroons here are good, but a little on the too-sweet side with an extra flaky cookie.  The chocolate banana was a nice twist and the pistachio had a smooth, creamy filling.  It is really a matter of personal taste preferences when it comes to here and Point G.
5	Worth the trip. In town from NYC with an interest in macarons. Great to see a non-tourist area. Macarons are amazing. Favorites among many outstanding were pistachio, vanilla, gianduia, blueberry, peppered mango.
5	I wasn't always a fan of the macaron, in fact I didn't really get the rage. I think it started with a non-impressive one, and it failed to get my attention. Then in Vancouver, I had one that my brother made me try and my world changed ever so slightly. I came to agree that they can be good as long as it was made right. It would be another 2 years before I would try another, and La Maison du Macaron, you have won me over last week. My brother was visiting from the West, and we did a bit of a food and photo trip as he is a photographer and the first foodie I ever met. His adventurous side had us trying things like: Pineapple-Vanilla, Peppered Mango, Passionfruit-Chocolate, Pistachio and apparently we both have a strong like for Salted Caramel, so yes we splurged on that. We both found it amazing! To my surprise, Pineapple-Vanilla and Peppered Mango were amazing. (I was apprehensive at first) In all honestly though, it made me want to try all their other flavours now!Side note: Photos are courtesy of Maurice Li Photography. He has graciously let me use his photos in this!
4	Hubby has a weird thing for macarons so we made our way here to sample a few. My favorite was the salted caramel. They have a nice little cafe space, too. :)
3	I guess it really isn't fair. I'm not really that heavy into sweets, but it was Valentine's and I wanted to get a treat for my BF. I thought the flavours sounded really interesting; mango & pepper, choco-banana, mandarine and many more I ca't recall. The problem for me, they all pretty much tasted bland. The texture of the cookies were off too. They fell apart with even the lightest of touches! I don't know much about macarons, but these didn't seem right. I gave them 3 stars because it's Valentines so maybe this had something to do with it. I dunno
4	We had the ultimate showdown between La Maison and Point G, with blind tests, and ranking system and everything, and our most fave was a La Maison one which was a pear sorbet! So flavourful, fresh-tasting, and moist!  There was also a mango/coconut one though, where one of the cookies was rock hard :( so I would say this place is slightly hit and miss, and therefore 3 stars.  I think Point G is more consistent with good macarons!
4	The Parisian breakfast is to die for. All the treats are just that. The quality and the flavor are in line with the ones I also very much enjoyed in Paris.The sit down area is very small, reservations are a must. The service is not rushed. It is casual.In all fairness, it's been many a month since I went there and it was before they started their kiosks in malls - so I don't know how much the quality might of fallen.I tend to agree with a friend who says franchise is the death of creativity.
4	This kiosk is a pleasant addition to the downtown . A small display that makes it hard to resist an impulse buy. One of the better macaron spots I have tried in Canada. There are your traditional flavors and then there are the modern take on this hard to master dessert. 6 pack seemed the way to go so I got half traditional and half from the spring summer collection.They were a hit with the  group of friends on the way back and all of us wish we had brought up more. The macarons them self are just the right texture with a chewy middle and intense flavor for some varieties. Good stuff here folks and they will make a nice souvenir for your trip home.
5	So I've been craving macaroons for the past month almost lol and decided to choose this place. I'm really glad I did, the choices are great, I absolutely love the pistachio flavor. The prices are decent and the service was friendly and helpful. The place was clean and great window display of beautiful macaroons. Those make excellent gifts too and they have ice cream ones also.  They have a new flavor each month for a month and change or add flavors every 6 months from what I understood. I'm definitely going back there.  Oh did I not mention how tasty and chewy they are? Well they are ! Go try em.
5	I got introduced to macarons late in my life and it happened to be with the famous French Laduree. So my standards being set high, I would give 4 stars for the macarons of this pastry shop. The selection of flavours is appealing and there is a new one introduced every month. I found some of the flavours a little bit stronger and filling sweeter for my taste, but overall the quality is good.What brings five stars for Maison du Macarons is their tea room, which is just aside the area with the macarons counter. Little bright space, stylish and unpretentiously classy, perfect environment to try some of their pastries. We shared two of the lemon cream based cakes, which looked so pretty that you hardly have the heart to eat them, but once you do there is no regret. There is a good choice of herbal teas and they are served in a big pot that can be shared between two people. So Maison du Macaron is a must try and I will return again, although I'd rather prefer to be in the pub then in a sweets shop.
5	Great little shop with lots of flavors. I don't get macaroons anywhere else. A tad pricey but all macaroons are and cheaper than laduree. Love the pistachio flavor!
5	Cannot wait to stop by here again on our next trip to Montreal!!  The original location took at a little bit for us to find, but we also found a stand in the underground shopping area. Loved the pistachio and rhubarb!.
5	Immaculate presentation! Plenty of flavors to choose from so I settled for a box of 6. Salted caramel and maple were clear winners but I wasn't too crazy about the rest so my husband took care of those. However, what I really liked was that the macarons weren't excessively sweet like they are almost everywhere else. The actual macaron pastry is executed well: crisp shell,  not hollow, and generous filling. Definitely worth it!
4	So so good! The macarons here are worth a double visit, as was in my case over a particular weekend. The fillings are generous and the combination of flavours work really well together, like the passion fruit chocolate and the noisette. Also they aren't as expensive as their competitors.
4	I'm not a fan of macaroons because they're so sweet and all you taste is sugar and not the acclaimed flavour, but theses ones are cheerfully delicate, and distinguishable. Had the maple syrup and coconut, they are such a treat. Good find from a little cart in the mall.
5	Still the best macarons in Montreal (thus far). Point G has OK macarons too, but they're far too sweet. There's just about a tenth TOO much sugar in Point G macarons compared to the flavour, but I do like that they go all avant garde with flavours like Lavender and for a short period of time , they had Yuzu.Anyway, this place, originally called "La Maison du Macaron" has THE BEST macarons in Montreal. I still stand by it.Almost all the flavours are good. I still recommend the Peppered Mango, Strawberry Rhubarb, Pistachio, Coconut, and Creme Brulee as a sampler...
5	Amazingly delicious!!!! We purchased a pineapple and praline cream puff.  Those two bundles of joy are hands down the best puffs I have ever eaten. We also purchased an assortment of macarons and they were very tasty as well. The staff was very welcoming and the store is also very clean.
4	Some great little macarons (macaroons), hidden among the bustle of the Eaton Centre. There's not much to say other than the fact that these little treats are oh-so-delicious! My favorite flavors included the Peppermint Mango, Cafe, and Passion Fruit & Chocolate. My only minor dislike is the steep price for a few delectable bites.Definitely worth grabbing a half-dozen for a mid-day snack!
5	Being macaron obsessed, I knew I had to try some macarons while I was in Montreal. I looked up a few places on Yelp, and it seemed like the consensus about the two best places was Point G and A La Folie. Point G was too far away, so I decided to try A La Folie while I was at the Centre Eaton.I was expecting it to be a store, but A La Folie turned out to just be a little stall in the middle of the 2nd floor. Easy to miss or just walk by. It's pretty small and limited in the number of flavours it offers, I think on the day I was there there were about 14. Prices are actually very reasonable and considered cheap compared to a lot of other places I have been to in Toronto, it was only $1.80 per piece and $9.75 for 6! I ended up getting 6, and the packaging is unique and adorable, rather than the long boxes that most other places have, they have larger boxes that have little fold-up holders for each macaron (see pictures). Lovely, and would look great if you were to gift them.I ended up getting pistachio, raspberry, lemon, hazelnut, orange chocolate, and strawberry rhubarb. The macarons I tried were all really light and soft, slightly chewy as they should be, not too sweet, and delicious. They were absolutely perfect in my opinion. For the price point, I don't really think you can ask for anything else. I do wish they had more flavours to choose from, but I would definitely come back next time I'm in the city to try some of the other ones! SO GOOD.
5	Great macaroons. I love their design. It does attention to detail. Their macaroons make for a tasty afternoon delight.
