4	We like to go to this Boardwalk Billy's over in the Matthews area on Fridays or Saturdays after a long work week.  It's a nice, casual place to go as a couple or with kids and just hang out.  One of my favorite things is the salted peanuts in the shell waiting for me when I get seated.  YUM.  What a fantastic appetizer.  I try not to think about anybody's hands other than my own touching them before they were placed on the tables.  I'm a sucker for spicy stuff, so I always go for the Buffalo Chicken Wrap or Buffalo Chicken Salad, both with Super Hot or Frank's Red Hot sauce.  Both are good, nothing unique about them or probably any menu items at Boardwalk Billy's, but they're reasonably priced, taste good, and we enjoy the laid back atmosphere.  There's usually some beer on special any night we visit, so I like to wash down the spice with a cold brewski.  The only downside to BB is the smoking.  People smoke at the bar and it wafts over to the tables.  Even if you're sitting outside, you can't escape the smoke from the tables surrounding you.  But, hey, it's a bar.  I mostly expect that.We get out of Boardwalk Billy's relatively cheap and with full stomachs.  The kids enjoy the (one) free arcade game, so that gives us a breather to enjoy the beer(s) a little longer...
4	We meet here once a month after work for get togethers.  The staff is real nice and there are big screen TVs everywhere.  We get fried pickles, Sweet Potato fries, crab cakes, or the happy hour 5-7 shrimp or wings at $0.50 each in sets of 5!  The only complaint I have is that it is so noisy that we can hardly talk.  But then, I guess I am getting old too!
4	Fantastic wings! Delicious burgers (get the homemade shoestring fries with that). Offer seafood selections including oysters, crablegs, shrimp, and a variety of fish.Friendly wait staff, happy hour specials with discounted appetizers including shrimp and wings (daily beer specials also). NFL pass (great place to watch the game) and has a trivia night!
3	Glad this wasn't my first time here or I wouldn't come back. The waiter had a serious attitude. Out of the three parts of my order, only one of them was delivered correctly. And when I pointed it out to our server, he argued with me and said it was right!... and made me feel like he was blaming ME for my order being wrong. Very uncomfortable. He reluctantly asked me if I wanted the correct wings... of course! It's what I ordered!! On top of that he was difficult to flag down. The tude was definitely unnecessary.I've been let down the past 2 visits to this place. The service has gone downhill, and I've noticed there have been considerably fewer patrons there. They've also changed some of their menu without actually reflecting it on the menu. For example--they got rid of the awesome shoestring fries. Sad day!Sorry Boardwalk, I've got to downgrade you to 3 stars.
4	I had a great NC lunch.   Fresh raw oysters, ribs, fried green tomatoes and Cole slaw.   It was great.   Ribs are so tender . . good sauce  . . Oysters are fresh . . $30 with Tip not bad . .
2	Never fails to disappoint. This joint is real close by and serves Newcastle on draft ...cheap. I've had dinner there a few times. The first time my companion had a salad which she found ok, and I had buffalo wings which weren't bad but didn't taste like any buffalo wings I ever had. One cold night I ordered onion soup, instead of having the cheese au gratin floating on the piece of toast there was shreds of cheese in the soup, like a chili. The burger is ok.The smoked chicken wings with garlic are very very good. The one time I had the ST Louis style ribs the meat was very tough and dry. Weirder yet is that they always use their sweet Western sauce on it, then they serve you another 3 sauces on the side in case you want to use them. Do I want to throw mustard or tangy on top of sweet?? Totally dissonant.The fried green tomatoes were all batter and no tomatoes and the mac and cheese had been rewarmed under the broiler. It had dried out and the top was hard, one bite is all I could take.Smoked chicken wings and  Newcastle Brown it is.
3	I've been to the Boardwalk Billy's near UNCC a few times but this was our first time here.  It is an average place with average food, but our waitress was very nice.  We though this place would be packed for the AFC Wild Card game but it was pretty empty.  This location is also much smaller than the UNCC location.  There was nothing inherently wrong with the food except maybe the slaw having too much of a vinegar taste to it.  Fried shrimp, steampot, and fish tacos were all par.  They don't have too much craft beer on tap except for Fat Tire, but that's better than nothing.  We may go again if in the area, but also may not make a special trip to go.
1	Last night the smoked chicken wings were tough and chewy. That leaves me nothing to order other than beer and free peanuts. This place seem to attract a large number of NASCAR fans for some reason and they seemed to enjoy their food just fine
4	Love this place. I come here with my team for lunch or with my kids when we have our night out. Good food, nice ambiance, helpful people.
4	Dinner at Boardwalk Billy's was a great experience.  I ordered the Q Combo which included ribs and sausage.  The sides that came with the dinner were good, but I have had better.  The meat however was excellent in quality and flavor.  The service was excellent also.  Would definitely return when back in town.
4	This place is within walking distance from my house so I go there often.  The bar staff is very nice and freindly.  they have good drink specials every night of the week and it is a good place to watch a game.The food is better than typical bar food and has a wide selection.  I like the cheese sticks and the Burgers.
2	To be fair, I arrived at about 9pm for food so I I totally get that the kitchen has slowed down... BUT!!! Don't serve me food that's been sitting in a pot ALL DAY!!! 1. My chicken wings looked like skeletons with a tough skin wrap... dry and tasteless.2. The meat plate had a blop of BBQ that pooled grease at the bottom... yuck!The beers were good and cold but that's what saved this place from being a One Star-rated joint...The service was OK if not a little too perky... sometimes I need to be left alone and not asked all the time if everything is alright. Well, I might have been tired and grumpy but it was still a tad too "in your face"...... still bothered by the terrible food...
2	I've only been here once after work one night, and the experience wasn't too good.I remember ordering some kind of burger with a side salad. The salad was very delicious, the best part of the whole meal. I don't remember much about the burger. That kinda says this place is forgetful.I also believe that the pricing here is pretty ridiculous. That's the main reason why we haven't gone back for such a long time. Maybe we will in the future.The customer service also sucked the last time we were there. The lady that helped us was rude, and the decor is not too flattering either. It needs to be updated.
4	I was slightly nervous coming here due to the limited reviews and also the reviews were not exactly convincing,it also has a slightly isolated location so I was unsure...But having visited it here I was really really impressed,the food was excellent as were the deserts,the beer was cold and the service was excellent and really friendly.The prices were also good and this bar/restaurant had a really nice atmosphere of a neighbourhood bar with all different ages of people.I was here on a Friday evening and it was pretty busy inside and also outside,there was lots of sports on the tv,s and I must say there music selection was really nice for the style of bar it is.This place just has a really nice atmosphere that makes you comfortable to be in and I will be back again for sure and would recommend it to others!
3	We had a great dinner. Food was good , but staff could use a little attitude adjustment. Overall everything was to be expected.
3	Food is average for bar food.  Beer selection average.  Long wait(1hr) for food so this is why it gets three stars.
2	I came here on a Saturday night. There wasn't many people inside at all. Despite the place being empty, however, it still took a good 20-30 mins for someone to take our drink orders and bring them out.I had the don Julio margarita which was surprisingly not bad. This place is close to my house and the drinks aren't bad but the service is. Don't come here if you are in a hurry
2	Food was fair, atleast hot, hard to find at 1 a.m..the problem for me is the staff...have tried several times to get a feel for the place...keep getting the same snobby attitude...will go in a pinch, but not my first choice..
3	This places kind of hold a special spot for my husband and i as it is where we signed the papers to submit our first home bid.  If you are looking for a casual place to sit and drink with friends or family this is a great spot.  They have a good beer selection and a pretty basic menu.  I don't recommend the crab cakes, as the ones I had were burned and tasted like I was eating crab flavored bread.  But their salads are great and the oysters are pretty solid according to my husband.  The staff is a little slack, when we were there there was a waitress (not serving us thankfully) that was sitting with some customers and smoking with them, which I find to be disgusting and incredible unprofessional.  Not sure where the manager was to manage that.  But it is a lively casual place and a good spot overall for just that, casual dining.
4	Great food. Get the chicken fingers tossed in JBO and you can't go wrong. Drink specials are always on point!!! Specials during the week include $3 craft beers and $2 domestics just depending on the day.
3	Came here with friends one day for lunch. I am a vegetarian while everyone else I was eating with ate meat. There were no menu options other than sides or appetizers for vegetarian options so I got the mozzarella sticks. They were ok but nothing special or unique. I do believe they made their own marinara sauce which is a plus. They have a small local beer selection on draft as well. All in all I wouldn't go here again. All of my meat eating friends seemed to enjoy it though. They have pretty standard food options, bar food for sure.
4	For what it is, I think it's good. It's a sports bar! I don't know what some of the people on here want  out of this place. The food is good and there's always a game going on somewhere. I really like their turkey burgers! Definitely recommend!
