3	Yogurt Builderz caught our eye as we were headed in to see "Breakfast at Tiffany's" at Farrelli's Cinema Supper Club. It's just a few store fronts away. We stopped in afterward to see what it was all about. We were greeted by a very nice man, who answered our questions and explained the process. It's self-serve, pay-by-the-ounce frozen yogurt and toppings. They have 50 flavors total with 10 rotating daily. There will always be two tart flavors and one non-dairy. The toppings were varied, from cereals to candies (including Boston Baked Beans!) and from fresh fruit to nuts. He also had cookies, including Mother's iced animal cookies, which he said have been a big hit, but sadly, Mother's went out of business on October 9, so he's only got a few bags of those left. Hubby got an Oreo Cookie and Peanut Butter swirl yogurt with a ton of toppings which he liked. I got a dollop of the non-dairy Pineapple, Very Strawberry, and Pecan Praline. I really liked the Pineapple's strong flavor. Bonus on the non-dairy- it's an intolerance I choose to ignore regularly. The Strawberry was just not "Very", but  the Pecan was sweet and tasty. I would say my biggest complaint is that they were all a tad runny for my taste. Maybe I'm used to the firmness of Ice Tango. Maybe Yogurt Builderz has been open for 8 days and they are still working out the kinks in the machines. I also asked to try the plain Tart flavor and it was a little tart- definitely not Ice Tango tart. For some people, that's a good thing.It's 39 cents an ounce, so mine came out to $2 and Hubby's was over $4. The toppings can really add some weight. The owner gave us a $3.00 gift card for their Grand Opening and said he hoped we would be back. I think we will, when we go see "Unforgiven" at Farrelli's in two weeks. We liked it well enough to give it another shot.
4	Yeah to fellow independent biz owners Stacey and Scott for starting Yogurt Builderz.  This is a great new concept where customers serve themselves and pay by weight.The store is spacious, colorful and tastefully designed.I really like the Lemon Custard Tart yogurt with fresh raspberries - it had a great balance of tanginess and creaminess - plus it's lowfat.  Stacey also recommends it with white chocolate sauce.Go check it out and support local small businesses!
4	I had heard about this place earlier.  The sign caught my eye and I decided to give it a try.  What a cool place.  The owner and the team greeted me very politely and started introducing me to the flavors and the building process.  Its a lot of fun.  You get to build your yogurt treat from scratch and pile it on as you like.The yogurt, the toppings, the experience all were top notch.  And, I brought friends back the next day and had the same great experience. My new favorite dessert and snack place.  You have got to try it.
4	What a great idea - self serve frozen yogurt!A lot of flavors and even more toppings - yummy!I think there is a lot to be said for making this yourself - its almost like being at home making your own dessert. I had the Dolce de Leche yogurt with chocolate sauce, oreos and choc chips - no one can say that's a bad combination....because I made it for myself - I think that's the magic here.
4	The first time I experienced this 'build your own yogurt' concept was in San Diego over the summer. I  couldn't wait for something like this to open up in Phoenix and now I'm so glad it did. What I like about Yogurt Builderz is that it's very spacious and has a great selection of yogurt and toppings. My husband also pointed out that he likes how they have various sizes of cups you can choose from (other similar shops only offer one size.)I personally like to mix all the flavors, skip the fruit toppings and load up on the cookie dough and brownie chunks. Yum! I will be back again and YOU should go visit them!
5	This is my VERY first "build your own yogurt place" and I must admit that I LOVE it!!!!!I got four different types of yogurt: oreo, vanilla bean, raspberry, and a "tart" one with sprinkles and all sorts of other goodies.... it was soooo delicious.Plus we had a 1/2 off coupon.  I don't think it gets much better than that!!!!
5	After an extremely long day and dinner at Kierland, a very drunk fiance and I were driving home when I decided I felt like some fro yo for dessert... Just as we were passing Sapporo, I remembered that Yogurt Builderz was nearby.  Perfect!  I'd been wanting to try them out for awhile!We walked in and Scott (the owner) recognized me from Yelp right away... "I know you," he said. Before I had a chance to respond, he went on..."You're a yelper, aren't you?"It's nice to see a business owner that's on it like that!Scott then proceeded to walk us back to the 10 flavors on tap for the day and told us a little bit about each one as he offered us samples and explained the history and concept of Yogurt Builderz to us.  He apologized because they didn't have Cookies and Cream that day - his fave flavor.It was quite ok as Jared and I had plenty to choose from...J went with plain and pomegranite tart flavors and I chose half chocolate cake batter (only 8 brand which I love because I don't feel guilty eating it) and half plain tart.  I topped mine with a combo of Raisinettes, mochi, and yogurt chips.  For two pretty decent sized bowls, our total came to $6.89 - not so bad!We sat down in the colorful store to enjoy our creations... for 9pm on a Wednesday night, the place was doing some decent biz.  The employees working were friendly and the place was pretty spotless.  Cute and colorful too!I don't have one negative thing to say about Yogurt Builderz hence the five star rating... they had just enough to choose from with flavors and toppings.  So, I am sure I'll be back - I love that the fro yo craze is here in AZ finally.  Now I'll have 'go-to' places all over town for whenever the craving strikes!
2	I was very excited to finally find a self-serve frozen yogurt place!  Sorry, but it was totally not what I expected. The yogurt tasted like the ice creams/froyo you get at buffets. I'm not saying it's bad, but it definitely cannot compare to the Yogurtlands or the Pink Berry's.My favorite is just the plain tart w/o toppings, but this didn't have the right flavor nor the texture. I also tried vanilla, chocolate, and mint....which all tasted more like ice cream than yogurt.They did have mochi topping, so A+ on that, and their other toppings all look very fresh. I'll come back again since it's right next to the gym, but I hope in time, they'll improve their yogurt ingredients!
4	I have an addiction to frozen yogurt these days and Yogurt Builderz is a place I have been frequenting. I love how that you can choose your own cup size, your not stuck with a huge bucket to fill up. The coconut is def my fav but the oreo cookie and vanilla bean are very tasty as well. I guess its all low fat but at this point I really don't care since I will be adding all the sinful toppings! I'm a topping maniac and I pretty much add everything that has chocolate in it. And the mochi which I love! I just pick it off the top of my yogurt and pop them in my mouth and let them melt.....mmmmmm.This place is in a great location in Scottsdale and will def be hopping over the summer!
5	I absolutely LOVE yogurt builderz! Just moved here from MI and loved my "Only 8" yogurt. Yogurt Builderz carries it! They have great selection of flavors and plenty of toppings to choose from. I really like the idea of creating your own yogurt- being able to mix flavors and add your own toppings. Their prices are lower than other places that I have gone to. I highly recommend at least trying it. I'm addicted!
4	Great concept and good value.  Building your own sundae is fun for everyone and they are open late - 11 p.m. on Friday and Saturday - which is good for us as we are late night people.  My wife really enjoyed the only 8 flavor which I guess is the lowest calorie option, but everything is low fat and still delicious.  Great selection of toppings, including a good selection of fresh fruit.My one word of caution is the "sour" flavors they serve.  Although these seem to be very popular, they just taste like rotten milk to us.  Maybe we are not yogurt gourmets!  I'll be sticking with more traditional flavors.Didn't get five stars from me due to the decor, furnishings and website.  Spartan albeit colorful inside.  The chairs seem rickety and, while sitting outside can be nice, this seating area is right at the curb and cars pulling in to park are right in your face.  The website is basically non-functional and does not provide hours of operation or maps and directions, which seem like basic stuff for any retail establishment website.  I was forced to call them for hours.Try Yogurt Buiderz!  You won't be disappointed.
5	OMG!!!!  I am not a fan of yogurt at all...but my Oatmeal Cookie mixed with Strawberry was the most amazing dessert ever!  (Well, not ever, but my goodness was this great!!!)What a great way to finish an evening.  I was tired from my workout and just finished a great meal at Bloom when I suggested Yogurt Builderz.  My friend thought I had the most magical idea ever and off we went!  I have friends that swear by this place and go here at least 3 times a week, so I had to try it.  And the prices aren't too shabby either.  And they have a great assortment of toppings...though I do wish they were labeled a little bit better.And while experiencing this amazing place...my other friends stopped by as well.  One had the Marshmallow with Marshmallow sauce and the other the Devils Food. (Which I did have a sample of...good, but it seemed like it was missing something...probably calories and fat!)But I heard that they don't have Oatmeal Cookie everyday....:(  I hope it's there the next time I go.
4	I hate that places are using "z" at the ends of words instead of "s."  Are you doing it to be clever?  Because everyone does it, so it isn't clever.  But clever is not in high supply at any of these newfangled yogurt places--what it really comes down to is whether or not the yogurt is tasty.And it is!  They had more of a selection than Mojo, which I appreciate--they had chocolate/vanilla, strawberry, banana, a couple of non-dairy choices, and so on.  I got strawberry with... cheesecake bits.  And they were so creamy and delightful that each was a little foodgasm all its own.Complaints: Um... where is the trust? The worker did not give us cups to taste--he insisted on serving the yogurt to us himself, even for tasters.  At Golden Spoon this makes sense because we cant reach the machines, but here it's self serve! You trust us to get a ton of yogurt but not a sample size?  He didn't really get what I was saying so he gave me a non-dairy toasted almond tester which I had to choke down to not be rude, but I hate non-dairy and I don't like almond so how do you think that made me feel?He gave me another tester but it ran out onto his thumb, so I was grossed out.  Does he wash? Presumably, but...Anyway I realize that's a nitpick *but* it does make for a weird experience.  And... there weren't enough cheesecake bits.  I want enough to fill a garbage can.  A large garbage can.Anywayyyyyyyy... despite those minor issues I would definitely recommend this place-- yogurt is as good or better as mojo and yogurtland and the selection is definitely better than Mojo.
5	Mojo, you know I love you, but I hope you're listening. This place has some non-fruit flavored non-dairy fro-yo. And it's delicious. Like, totally delicious. Darn good topping selection. Yogurt Builderz has a neighborhood feel contrasted with Mojo's art/deco-ness. Thank goodness, there's room for everyone in this fro-yo woah ho. And there it is, one of the things I believe, a little fro-yo life lesson, that there is enough of everything for everyone. The universe provides.
3	YogurtBuilderz provides a good sized dining area with many choices of yogurt and toppings. I did find it a little difficult to locate when I attempted to find the building - it is tucked away in the back corner of a strip mall parking lot. It was dark, late at night and took a few passes around the parking lot to zero in on the location. The staff was very friendly and the place was busy even for a Sunday night. For the staff and selection I give it a 3 star rating. It was good, but I didn't find it any different than the growing list of competition. I know this place is popular and self-serve frozen yogurt establishments are all the rage now. The economic model is great - you pay by the ounce and have your choice of any variety of yogurt and any topping available. Customers have the opportunity to build it as they wish, which allows those with specific tastes to have their wants fulfilled more so than a traditional store offering the generic selection of choices. All of that in mind, I don't like it (the industry). Too many choices creates an opportunity for indecision and slows down the lines as people stand around wondering what to put in it next. For those new to the game, you can create something that turns out to be rather nasty - for example, the white chocolate sauce is really very sweet and I find if mixed with other toppings makes it almost unbearable. The other reason I do not like these places is that I do not like to pay for food that I then have to make and serve myself. I go to restaurants and pay for a meal rather than cook it at home because a) I don't like doing it and b) I am horrific at it. While frozen yogurt does not require much preparation, there is still some assembly required. If I am paying, I prefer to have it built for me. But I realize I am in the minority. As popular as these chains are becoming I wouldn't be surprised to see "FroYo" overtake "unfriend" as word of the year in 2010.
4	I just visited the Yogurt Builderz and I love it.  I must admitt i am hooked, I have been there 3 time this week and eventhogh itis out of my way.  I love it.  The staff is friendly.  I dont care for where the cups are because they seem to be in the way.  But, by far this is the BEST.  Good job.  I will continue coming.
4	Love this little frozen yogurt paradise!!  I like Golden Spoon, but this place is definitely a notch above.  The toppings bar alone is a reason to check it out.....can you say Fruity Pebbles anyone? How awesome is that???I like the fact that you choose how much or little you want in whatever combos you crave.  The flavors are also really yummy, and they always have a good variety.  It's a great place to take kids, as they tend to like anything interactive like this. I'm so happy I live close & plan on coming lots as the weather heats up.
5	Since the early days of TCBY to today's self serve shops, I am a huge frozen yogurt fan.  I'll be honest, the yogurt itself doesn't stand out at any particular yogurt place, but there are a few differences that I think make Yogurt Builderz my top choice. 1. Flavor Availability - YB offers 10 flavors at all times and typically keeps all the really popular ones (Oreo & Oatmeal Cookie) in the rotation consistently.  2. Freeze factor - yes, I said it.  At some shops, the yogurt is too melted, others it's too frozen.  YB's consistency is usually great!3. Neighborhood hangout - YB has created more than a yogurt shop,  people want to be there to hang out with their family and friends.  I think that's because the owners treat people like they  want to be treated.  Free Wi-fi and ample seating are great perks too!4. Giving back  - YB does community nights to support locals schools and organizations.  5. The crew - Many are students who are friendly, polite and regularly talk to customers.  They keep the store nice and clean and have speedy, helpful service.  I love Yogurt Builderz so much I go there up to 4 times a week.  I think it's a great store and I wish it much success.  If I was signing their yearbook I'd write "Don't ever change"!
5	Great Place!! We had the Only 8 which has only 8 ingredients and is awesome tasting. WAY WAY Cheaper than MOJO! We had two medium sized yogurts with a couple toppings and it was only $4.07 I was shocked! Only downside is they don't let you get your own samples which is my favorite part at Mojo, and there cups are as generic as they get, not the cute little green spoons and decorated cups like other places, but for half the price WHO CARES!!
5	I consider myself a total fro-yo connoisseur- I have tried every self-serve yogurt place in town!  And Yogurt Builderz is my absolute favorite!!  Biggest reason- their Only 8 Flavors- ONLY 8 CALORIES PER OUNCE!  You can not beat that- and get this- they are phenomenal tasting!!!  It's like magic, I'm telling you! ALL their flavors are just wonderful!  Plus fantastic toppings- everything from brownies, to nuts, to fruit, to candy bars, to sauces.  AND one of the cheaper places per ounce in Scottsdale (not the cheapest, but on the cheaper side for sure). This place has it all!  And a friendly staff, adorable interior, nice atmosphere.  Only problem- I always want to go back for seconds because it's so delicious!  Of course at only 8 cals an ounce, I can afford to- LOVE THIS PLACE!!  Did I already say that though?
5	Definitely the new "spot" for my friends and I. This place is so cool. The flavors here totally blow away anything that Mojo could ever offer. PLUS - it isn't even as expensive. So, better flavors, cheap frozen delicacies, what's not to love? Furthermore, I throughly enjoy that they're open until 11 PM. That means that at 10 I can call up my gurls and mosey on down to YB to stuff my face with the low calorie dessert that keeps me coming back for more. PS - I like the employees here. They're nice and complimented my credit card for having a cool design. :)Love love love this place.
5	Whenever i'm in AZ which is often YogurtBuilderz is my first stop. Best fryo ever! If they opened in Chicago my life would be complete. The Red Velvet cupcake yogurt was the best thing i've ever had..amazing. So cheap and awesome.
5	Best yogurt! Great Value!I hate buying more food than I want! It is all in your hands at YogurtBuilderZ. The yogurt is very good and the toppings are always fresh. Expect a line.Just GO!
5	So far the best frozen yogurt in the valley! Tart yogurt will always have a special place in my heart and this place makes the best! I always get giddy when they have the seasonal flavor pineapple. Best combo ever!It is one of the cheaper places which is always a plus in my book! I never feel guilty leaving this place because they have an amazing selection of fruit to choose from (don't worry the sweet tooth few, the have many treats to choose too!) and the yogurt is notoriously low fat and few calories!The loyalty cards are great and the text coupons are fantastic- who can pass up double and triple stamps?!? Just be aware it can sometimes get packed, but don't fret, the line goes quick! Make sure you snag a table as soon as you see it or you may never get one!  YumYumYum I may get some now!
4	A nice selection of yogurt and toppings. I usually get the tart yogurt with fruit on top, but they have a variety of other good flavors. Reasonable pricing (mid-level compared to other yogurt places). I've always had friendly service. Good product, service, selection, and price... Yogurt Builderz gets my vote.
4	Quality frozen yogurt location. It's all done by weight so you can choose how much you want. Cups (styrofoam) are light to start out with so it doesn't feel like you're getting charged for the cup. (Update - no AZ yogurt places charge for the cup, the scales are apparently set to zero out with a cup on top and checked by AZ weights and measures). Plenty of yogurt flavors and a ton of mix-ins.
4	This place is yummy! There are a lot of flavors to choose from, and there are plenty of toppings. The price is also not too bad. Also, the staff is always friendly and attentive.
5	My favorite froyo place ever!!!!  They literally have the best tart yogurt I've ever had.  I've been to Golden Spoon, Yogurtland, Redmango, Icetango...but they do not compare to YB!!  They are really innovative with their ever changing flavors.
4	This place is for the most part a pretty standard build your own froyo place,or so I figured.  But then their flavors are amazing, their topping selections are fresh and varied, and their music selections are epic! (or at least they were when I was there) I wish they were closer to my house, though that would be dangerous for me.  I had pineapple tart yogurt with fresh strawberries, blackberries, and yogurt chips, it was amazing.  My best friend got their oatmeal cookie yogurt with pecans and graham cracker dust, also amazing.
5	I mean its a Fro-Yo place...how different can it be? but what alleviates this place from Routine to the Superlative category is the service...The guy behind the register spread some smiles, struck a conversation and stamped the loyalty card twice :)True to name flavors of Banana, honeydew and vanilla on the evening i visited...will definitely go back
5	Continuing my quest to conquer all frozen yogurt shops in the Valley and now I can cross Yogurt Builderz off my list! This could be one of my favorite fro yo shops because the yogurt is incredibly creamy and they actually have normal size cups for filling. Yes they also have the over-sized cups that could feed a small army, but they also have the normal sized (old school) cups that's the perfect size. The frozen yogurt is delicious and par to other frozen yogurts out there. They have a wide variety of flavors including tart and savory. I choose the cookies and cream and Vanilla and topped it with my favorite accessory, cocoa pebbles! Not only does it bring back plenty of childhood memories, but they are low cal and they never get soggy in the fro yo. The shop itself is sparse and serves its purpose of providing great frozen options. They have a decent amount of seating on the patio in addition to a little bit inside. I will definitely frequent Yogurt Builderz again and again! They also offer frequent shopper punch cards!
5	Love love love!  Best yogurt and sweetest employees!  We drive past 4 yogurt places to get there!
3	Yogurt Builderz didn't quite knock it out of the park for me.  I must admit this review is based on four samples, but they were enough to decide I'd rather purchase froyo elsewhere. I wasn't "wowed" by the quality and texture of the yogurt.  The house vanilla is solid, as is the Oreo.  Peanut butter and chocolate were nothing special.  I didn't like the ice factor--it seemed like the samples started melting really quickly.  Probably explains the slightly watery taste.  The toppings bar didn't "grab" me like at Yogurtology either. The decor is nice.  There's a fresh, young vibe to it. You definitely can't miss the flavors--they're labeled with very large signs.  Pretty heavy-duty machines too. Don't get me wrong, the yogurt was just fine; I just prefer a creamier product that can survive the drive back to my apartment.
5	Great yogurt. Great toppings.  I love the Oatmeal Cookie Yogurt. ITS WORTH A TRIP TO NORTH SCOTTSDALE!!!
4	Great little yogurt shop tucked away in a strip mall off north scottsdale road (I know that doesn't narrow it down haha). We tried this place after reading the positive reviews and it definitely lived up to the hype! Reasonably priced with plenty of flavor options.I tried the pumpkin and chocolate chip cookie with nutella on top. Nutella = pretty much the best thing ever. So nutella + yogurt is a winning combination. More yogurt places really need to offer it. My parents said the devil's food cake was pretty delicious. There were plenty of toppings to choose from, including yogurt covered pretzels which you don't see everyday.If you check in on yelp you can get 20 percent off! Brought our order to less than 9 bucks for three decently sized yogurts. Definitely the best quality for the price I've seen in Scottsdale.
4	I love this place for there ULTRA low cal only 8 product .... I get a yelp discount and I buy Yelp deals.  It's an adverage yogurt place with an above average product.
5	This is my favorite Fro Yo place in the valley.  Great selection of flavors and toppings.
4	Location was clean. Self-service froyo spot with toppings including fruit & syrups. Didn't have mochi though, which is my favorite topping. If you check in on Yelp, there's a 20% coupon!
3	Not my fave but id go back.
5	I thought it was awesome and a great deal. I bought a $10 for $6 coupn on yelp and took my daughter here for a reward and we loaded up. It was all good!!
5	I really love this place!  I found Yogurt Builderz because it's super close to my work.  Coworkers and I have popped in on more than one occassion for an afternoon pick me up.  They have some pretty standard flavors always on hand, but they also introduce some new ones into their lineup as well.  If you're unsure of what you want, don't worry, you can try some out before you make a final decision.  They have a wide range of toppings consisting of fresh fruit, cereals, nuts, candy, sauces, anything your wonderful little heart could desire.  Staff is always friendly and nice and it's always clean.  No toppings strewn messily around the bar and no yogurt messes either.  For repeat offenders they have a frequent buyer card, buy 9 get $3 off.  If you've never been, you're missing out!
3	My daughter and I enjoy trying out different frozen yogurt places during our jaunts about town. While we were in Scottsdale, we did a little Yelp search, and up popped Yogurt Builderz!This place, like many of the others around town, is a self-serve operation. Pick your cup, fill it with whatever makes you happy, top it, and then pay for it based on weight. As usual, my daughter and I opted to share a small cup, and we each topped our own half.For this adventure, I think we choose a peanut butter favor. (Originally, I thought we picked cake batter, but I was mistaken...thank you for the update from the owner.) It was a low sugar option, which works in both mine and my daughter's favor...after all, sugar will keep her awake for hours, and at my age, my metabolism is ever waning...so, every chance we get, we go for low cal. Granted, peanut but wasn't the only low cal option Yogurt Builderz boasted, it's just the one that sounded the most appealing to my daughter. Although the selection for the various yogurt flavors wasn't as extensive as some of the establishments we've frequented, the toppings certainly didn't disappoint.  As she often does, my daughter found the gummy section of toppings, and threw some on her half. Being that it was peanut butter, I wanted to add something to go with it.. Being a peanut butter lover, I threw in some tiny peanut butter cups....like adding bacon to bacon!!!While we were eating, I noticed that this place has a lot of customer (children's) artwork strewn about the walls. I like that they have such a dedicated following. It certainly speaks to their local feel.The cost was comparable to many of the other froyo places scattered about town. Still, the place was rather small, and the selection wasn't as vast as I've grown accustomed to from some other places. Granted, I like that they rotate in new flavors, though so does everybody else. Overall, this place, to me, is pretty decent. Not my favorite, but I certainly wouldn't turn down an invitation to go should one arise.
5	We discovered this place after a weary trip to Spencer's in the same complex. Talk about a pick me up for a tired toddler & mommy and daddy!  My son LOVED this froyo. He kept signing "more more more" it was hilarious :) we loved that you can get pretty healthy froyo loaded with fresh fruit and be refreshed. We have come back a few times. We love this place :)
5	Yogurt Builderz is the top of the line build your own sundae, Yogurt toppings bar. The toppings are varied and fresh. They have many different flavors, including the Only 8 variety, which is 8 calories per ounce-- and lactose free. Delicious!!!
4	Yogurt Builderz is definitely a hit.  As far as yogurt shops go, most are very similar.  Yogurt Builderz delivers on my main criteria of differentiating factors: cleanliness, variety of flavors and toppings.  There are several flavors here I love: watermelon tops the list (wish it were available more often), peach, mint oreo.My favorite though is a sundae: vanilla yogurt, crushed pecans, hot fudge, marshmallow cream and fresh strawberries.   Hard to beat and Yogurt Builderz gives me what I need to create the concoction.  My only complaints?  It gets a little too crowded most evenings and I wish there were more places to sit.  And they could bus the tables a bit more often.  But none of these things should keep you away. This place is great!
