4	As far as dentists go, Dr Thompson is probably the best I've seen. His whole staff is very personable and extremely helpful. I've got ridiculously sensitive teeth and generally have to be knocked out for any procedure, including cleanings. Dr Thompson understands this and works with you to do whatever it takes so that you feel comfortable. He's a great big giant of a man and can seem a little intimidating, but he really is a gentle giant. Blocks your view so you can't see the needle coming, talks to you to take your mind off the procedures. He and his staff always have your best interests at heart. I went in recently because of tooth pain in lower molar. I was given 3 options: root canal, extraction, filling. They ran my insurance and gave the costs of everything before we even decided on a method of action. One of the assistants came in and advised against the extraction, if possible, since it was a key tooth in terms of chewing. Dr Thompson made it clear that the filling may not work, but he could try it, but there was a possibility that it may turn into a root canal. I opted for the filling. Once again, he did a great job and I haven't felt any discomfort since. If you're in the market for a great dentist, especially if you have a phobia of the medieval torture that is dental care, I highly recommend Dr Thompson and his team.
5	This place is amazing! They are affordable, upfront about cost, and all the employees are so nice!  I would recommend this place to everyone :). Tell them Carlee sent you!
5	I had a deep cleaning done there and have gone to a few other dentist in the valley before finding this one.  I chipped a tooth when I was young and it stayed on for about 10 years.  I broke it off here and after going to a few dentist it fell off about 4 more times in 6 months.  I went to east valley and they fixed a prevous dentist's bad work for free.  I ended up breaking it off 2 more times and they did a veneer for me.  I admittedly had some issue with the temporary but this office was helpful in getting through it and rushed my permanent one.  I had to go in about 5 times to get help but in the end now I have a perfect looking and feeling tooth.Percilia in the front office is VERY peppy and happy and helpful.  She also is a skilled assistant ( I found out she helped me on a day there was no one in the office on fixing a tooth.)Good dentist are hard to find and I highly recommend them, they do a good job and care about their patiants.
5	Like many people, I'm not a fan of the dentist's office as I've had my fill of not-quite-numb-oh-you'll-be-fine procedures and pressure to get stuff done I can't afford or don't really need.  This is not what this office does.   I don't have perfectly straight, gorgeous, shiny white teeth (thanks genetics) but have never been pressured into braces or whitening or worse.  I need a filling, I get a filling.  I need a cleaning, I get a cleaning.  I've also gotten my TMJ guard from him as well.  The staff is great as is Dr. Thompson, very personable and never seen him not smiling.  I just always feel comfortable in this down-to-earth office.Very highly recommended.
1	This office is great as long as they can make some money off of you. I was previously a patient here for several years and finally put forth the energy to find a new dentist. I think Dr Thompson does some shoddy work as I never had sensitivity in my teeth until I had him do my fillings. They are generally accommodating to get you back in when you tell them about the sensitivity but they never have fixed any problem I've had with their work. The final straw was when I went in for a "consultation" for a veneer that broke. Dr Thompson looked in my mouth for 2 minutes, never took any X-rays and then the front desk personnel pushed me into a room and gave me a quote of $8,900+ to fix my teeth. Two dentists since then have told me the quoted work is unnecessary. Then, they tried to charge me $106 for the consultation, including a charge for X-rays which they did not do. They told me the fee was because "Dr Thompson's time is valuable and we have to set up and tear down the room". I am still fighting the fees. Be very careful of this place and definitely get a second opinion before having any major work done. This place is a nightmare.
5	There is no better Dentist around. My family and I Love Dr. Ron and his staff
