5	Yet another new solid pizza place in Tempe that delivers to me. The "personal" pizza we had was like nearly 12 inches (we were expecting more like 8"), and a lot of bang for the buck. The cheesesteak we split was delicious. We also ordered some cheese bread, and it was pretty unique compared to what I'm used to. Also very good. The pizza was really flavorful and good, and we could tell the ingredients were all fresh. Everything we had was great, and it arrived fast. The customer service here was super nice as well. I don't like using the word "cheap" when describing something that was both inexpensive and good, but really - the prices here are low for what you get. Great bargain. This location used to be a different pizza place, but after sitting empty for months, I'm glad to see a new tenant int he space. I'm double glad that the food worths.  When I first moved to this neighborhood a few years ago, there was only a handful of pizza places that delivered to me besides the Hut and Dom. Now there's a dozen or so local places offering pizza delivery... and a few dozen more offering all types of different cuisine. I love choices. If you're like me, you like to support local restaurants like this one. Do it.
1	Recently ordered a delivery for 3 sandwiches to my workplace with some co-workers. The delivery driver was over an hour late because he wasn't local and apparently didn't understand how to operate a GPS or why that might be relevant to his job description. Consequently, everything was room temperature and soggy. Additionally, apparently either this joint has some kind of avant garde art school sandwich shit going on, or everyone was too occupied with taking gigantic bong rips in the walk-in fridge, because all of the sandwiches lacked a top piece of bread. I have to admit, begrudgingly, that the ingredients in the sandwich itself were pretty good, but that doesn't really make up for the rest of this nonsense.In short, I hope Nick's Pizza either shapes up fast, or suffers from a structure-leveling grease fire.
1	I ordered delivery because of the good reviews. I ordered garlic knots and a hawaiian pizza. When the food arrived, the garlic knots were stale and crunchy. I could not eat them. The pizza wasn't much better. The cheese was already rubberized andbthe grease soaked through to the bottom leaving a floppy, soggy crust. I wouldn't recommend eating this to anyone. It was one of those times that trying something new over the usual was a disaster.
2	This new pizza place is where Devil's Pizza Factory used to be. Receipts still say Devil's Pizza Factory on them in fact.Unlike Devil's that made varying shades of bad to decent pizza for $6 a pie, this place makes bad pizza for $10-$13 a pie.I ordered one of the 'special pizzas' and found that the dough was not particularly good and it really just tasted like salt. It also filled a napkin with grease that we dabbed off.The in store service was very nice, but the pizza was not good enough to try again.
4	I had the Italian sub !! Bread was good soft  I really enjoyed it. Also had some garlic knots that where hand mad by a very nice lady ,the pizza was ok ,dough was soso ,cheese was good and it had oregano  on top ,over all I would come back here the sub was very good and the garlic knots where fantastic ,pizza needed alittle more cook time ! have to try it again
5	We (our company) just started ordering from Nicks a few weeks ago, now I think someone orders at least every other day. We're so impressed with their customer service. The owners daughter is magnificent! She writes cute little comments on all the food which make everyone feel really special - its that special family touch that keeps us ordering from themThe food is great! their alfredo pasta and garlic knots are a huge hit around here!
1	Waited almost two hours for delivery on a Sunday night for an undercooked calzone paired with cold marinara sauce (must have just come out of the refrigerator). If you're going to take two hours, I expect good food.
2	I ordered a large cheese pizza and natural mini chicken spring roll.Spring Rolls - 3/5 - Nothing special.Pizza - 2/5 -  Greasy. Tasted okay. I've def had worse, but this is far from great.Value - 2/5 - 25$ for the above and a drink. Not very worth it.Overall, I am glad they delivered, but I won't be trying them again.
5	Was actually on my way to Buffalo Wild Wings nearby, but plans with some other people that I was gonna meet up with fell through, but I was starving and needed some place to go..... Nicks caught my eye and I figured I'd give it a try since I'd never been there before. Got a very welcoming greeting from the staff right when I walked in, and didn't mind taking the time to talk with me a little extra while I was deciding on what to get and while I was waiting. Ended up just getting a pepperoni calzone. and while I will say it was a little on the greasy side.... I just couldn't put it down once I started, and I enjoyed every bite of it.Definitely gonna go there again whenever I'm back around at the north end of campus!
1	Nick's delivery is terrible! And hour and a half.... Yea no pizza. I dont know know if "NY" stands for Not ( getting) Your pizza but seriously wtf??? Never again ! Cannot wait to get your cold soggy pizza. This was our first time trying them and never again. You guys suck!!!! I hope you go out of business for treating your customers so badly!
3	They called within 24 hours apologizing and tried to make it right. This goes a looong way for me. It was much appreciated.
5	Spaghetti and Meatballs... So very good!   Ton of excellent flavor, tons of sauce and amazing meatballs.    Will definitely be making this a lunchtime regular.Only complaint (but easily fixable), the place seemed to be a bit of a mess with delivery bags, and car signs and random stock laying out on counters and around the store.  Organization is everything when someone walks in...  Put that away and it would be much more welcoming:)
1	We placed a delivery order at Nick's last night for the first and last time. After a two-hour delivery wait our greasy and undercooked calzone arrived along with an equally greasy and soggy pizza. The calzone was pallid doughy inside like ET's skin. On the outside, the crust was crispy brown to burnt black spots. The cheesy filling was a clumpy string of a mess, dotted with a piece of sausage or two.  The calzone was uneatable and quickly found its way to our trash. (I was even afraid to give it to the dogs, fearing a complaint for animal abuse lodged with the humane society.) The pizza was only slightly better, in that we were able to actually choke down a few slices. It was soggy to the point where it had melded together with the cardboard box that disguised its appearance.  It is a wonder either of those "treats" ever made the box. Any respectable employee of this place never would have let product like that  leave the store in the condition it was in. It truly was disgusting. I only wish I could give this mess of a place zero stars.  The way I look at it, Nick's owes me $42 plus tip for the waste of a meal brought to my door.
2	I am currently at store. It's been an hr for a pickup of two pizzas. Only two people are working. One on register one making pizzas. When u have $2 pizzas you expect this to be a busy time. Why only one person? It is only $6 total with 2 pizzas and tax. But holy cow be aware you'll be busy. And this has nothing to do with the food because I haven't even touched it yet.
