5	Mmmm hmmm healthy schmealthy food...and, hey, it's really tasty! I finally got a chance to check out Energy Cafe's new location in the Duke Energy building and I was really impressed! Not only was the food super fresh and delicious, but the ambiance is clean and inviting and the employees smiley and helpful. I ordered the Power Packed Chicken Salad sandwich - roasted chicken, low-fat mayo, dried cranberries and nuts on multigrain bread. Not only did it fill me up, but this healthy sammie packed a punch! The flavors were great, bright and perfect for a healthy lunch. I ordered a combo with my meal and scored some cheddar potato Popchips (this is the first place I've seen them in Charlotte!) and an iced tea. Their decaf detox tea is delicious, too - nice and refreshing! Plus, their menu lists the nutrition content which I really respect. My combo came to just under $10 when all was said and done. Price wise, it's a bit more than other sandwich locales, but the organic ingredients and nutritious outlook is worth a few bucks more to me. I also noticed that they have teeny little cups for free froyo if you purchase a combo. Yesterday's flavor was pistachio - and while I didn't have any, it looked froyolicious. In terms of a healthy, flavor packed meal in Uptown - Energy Cafe is the one of the best of the best fo shizzle.
3	i walk by this place every day to get a quarter pounder extra value meal.  but today i was overcome with the spirit of yelp and fingered i would duck in real quick to grab some lunch.the decor of the joint makes you feel all futuristic as everything that isn't pure white is brightly colored.  this includes a nine by nine randomly colored lighting square mounted on the wall that i swear was sending me subliminal messages about eating like shit.to the average can/box/bag/take-out diner like myself, the menu can be a little confusing.  especially if you do not remember your daily intake pyramid from health class.  a protein?  yes, i think i want a protein.  what's a protein?  oh, chicken?  yeah, i like chicken, cool.much like any place that serves sandwiches,  there was a chicken salad sandwich on the menu.  that stuck out amongst the healthy buzz words like power, feul, and energy (approriate that it is located in the duke energy building).the staff on the sandwich/wrap/salad assembly line was nice enough.  not a whole lot of chit chat. so, i had my chicken salad sandwich with romaine lettuce, (actually very succulent) tomato slices, walnuts, and cranberries on a whole grain oat roll with a bag of sun chips and washed it down with a steaz raspberry sparkling green tea (which seems to be a re-branded mystic cooler).  the "combo" ran me $10.02.  apparently healthy costs more.i grabbed a menu to go and if i go on a few hikes, take in a yoga class, and take a class at CPCC on health-nutanese, i may decipher it to return for another decent lunch.  assuming i still don't have nuts and whole grains stuck in my teeth from this visit.
3	It's nice to finally find an uptown lunch spot that focuses on honest health instead of hiding behind vague menu descriptions and health information from the 1980s, like so many others.  This place really impresses me with their commitment to healthy, natural ingredients.Overall, I think the food is very good, and the menu options are as extensive as they need to be to make this a weekly lunch stop.  However, I have one issue with the price point, particularly with breakfast.  The cost of a breakfast sandwich is pretty outrageous for what you actually get.  For $5, i don't expect someone to reach into a steamer and pull out a 2 hour old poached egg, place it on a stale wrap, and throw a pinch of turkey bacon on it and call it a decent breakfast.In contrast though, the lunch is spectacular.  You definitely get a decent bang for the buck, especially if you eat in (tea refills and complimentary froyo).  In my experiences, it always tastes fresh, healthy, and delicious... and I'm actually somewhat full afterward. For breakfast this place gets 2 stars, but for lunch it gets 4.  So an overall 3 it is.
4	I've been here several times for lunch to get wraps, salads, etc but my favorite is the protein packed Arnold which has egg whites, chicken, turkey bacon,  avocado, etc but I get w/o cheese.  It is really good, especially combined with an Alo drink (with aloe pulp and grapefruit- yummy!) The prices are a bit on the steep side and I do wish that everything was organic.  At this location, they don't have a ton of close competition though, so I won't opt for Blynk next door (like their other location).  They have a good variety of energy bars, both made themselves and other companies. Perfect combo with the new Flex & Fit in the building.My only complaint about this location? It is hotter than 47 hells in there. I don't know if its the modern funky lighting or what but I wanted to run away. Maybe they've got it worked out now. Hopefully.
4	Energy cafe is something like a Pinkberry for salads. Funky, contemporary, art deco ala George Jetson kinda decor. I kinda feel like a fool 'cause on my last visit, the gentleman assisting me wrote my name, real name on my salad (btw the house salad is pretty scrumptious). I didn't even tell the dude my name, but he spelled it out entirely and correctly on the box. I was like, "dude, whoa". Initially, I thought I was like a celebrity or Yelp star or something. It wasn't until I got back in the office and saw my badge hanging from my belt that I realized, I'm just another Joe Schome with my face on a name tag.
4	The Energy Cafe is in a great location, with a large covered outdoor seating area. there's also lots of outdoor seating just a few steps away in front of the museum. (They do have indoor seating as well, of course.)The Southwest Turkey wrap is great. My favorite. In addition to sandwiches, they also have smoothies, salads, juices, and coffee drinks. All healthy foods and pretty good tasting.Unfortunately, no wifi as of this review, but sometimes you can snag a nearby connection.
2	There are few places around this side of town to grab a quick sandwich or salad, so many people flock to Energy Cafe. The food isn't bad, but it's not good. Everything tastes the same. Sure the food is healthy, but is it fresh? I don't know. It's also expensive!My real qualm with this place is the service. I've called in twice to place a large order for a work meeting. I've given ample time and specified when I will be picking up the food. Both times, the cashier hasn't known about my order. The manager, who took my order over the phone, apologized and said he didn't put the order in. Instead of comping the meals or rushing the order, they continued to make everyone else's food first. I waited fifteen minutes and was late for the meeting. Bad service for a place in a massive office building!
4	I have been to Energy Cafe's sister location near the Omni and was delighted to try this one out today.  Located in the breezeway between the Duke Energy Building and the Mint Museum, it is easy to find.  Parking may be tough - you have to be familiar with Uptown parking.  You can park on the street to get here or at the Green parking garage off Levine Ave.The cafe itself is super trendy with white furniture, high tops and booths, trendy lighting and an open kitchen setting.I branched out and got something new - the turkey and cheddar sandwich - toasted!  I am a wild woman.  The sandwich was big with turkey and cheddar, cucumbers, spinach greens, a hummus spread or something tasty to that effect.  YUM!!!!  It was very filling and super delis.The folks that work behind the counter were very nice and friendly and quick.  Ask for a cup for water instead of getting a beverage and save a few bucks.  Great spot!  Will definitely be on my list for Uptown lunches :-D
3	Where's the love for this place?  It seems like most people bypass this place on the way to the other lunch options down the corridor.  Well, this place has some of the better seating options, and the food is fresh and tasty.  I liked the Energy Cafe Signature Salad and the tortilla soup, both good lunch sized portions.  And they also have free frozen yogurt samples to round out a good meal.  I haven't tried the smoothies, but it would be hard to beat Jamba Juice nearby.
3	My favorites are the Power House Salad and the Towering Turkey and Cheddar Sandwich. The house dressing is thick -- like a thick tangy hummus -- and quite good. The organic hummus and pita and organic quinoa salad are good side options. I wasn't impressed with the pumpkin walnut fuel bar though.
2	I'm tempted to give this place only one star, but the atmosphere is nice, and it is an ok place to get a cup of coffee. But the lunches and service are sub par. It is the only place in Charlotte where I declined the food during its prep... and walked out. The cafe has three problems. First, food proportions are too small for the price. I understand that as a health food place, their emphasis is on counting calories. But that doesn't mean ripping off the customer. Prices are around $7-8 per sandwich before tax. But the meal leaves you unsatiated. I'm an active guy who wants healthy food options. But even their "protein-packed" Arnold sandwich is too skimpy for the price. Second, the service stinks. The manager is positive and professional, but he unfortunately manages a crew that doesn't care and does not seem to know how to prepare the food properly. Their attitude is aloof, almost dead. They strike me as people completing some mandated hours of community service as opposed to preparing an appetizing meal. Third, the food itself just isn't good. The sandwich that caused me to walk out was something called ChickCheese or Chicken Cheese. It was a handful of lettuce tossed on a small, 8-inch dry tortilla, with gray chicken (perhaps 1/4 cup proportion), and a mysterious white, clumpy sauce. It looked foul (no pun intended). It reminded me of the remnants of something I might dig out of the back of my fridge.As an alternative to Energy Cafe, I recommend the Sandwich Club over in the Green.
1	Below average "white walled" healthy lunch place. The food was cold and not tasty, and the service, detailed below, was pretty bad.  Very small portions for the price.  They switched my order with someone else's.  Then, when they switched it back my order was still wrong (because they got it wrong when they took it and didn't bother to ask), so they had to make it again.  All in all waited about 12 minutes.  #firstworldproblems.
4	I have had a few options from here now for breakfast and lunch. It is good to see healthy food doesn't have to suck and can actually be tasty. It is also nice that they are in about the same price range as everything else in Uptown for lunch.I've had several menu items and like them all. I haven't been blown away by anything yet but when choice have to be made between good grease and healthy (non-salad), Energy Cafe makes it a little easier to choose the latter.
