3	Thin crust Chicago pizza...WTF??  I thought that Chicago was all deep dish...but it isn't...and guess what...it should be.  The thin crust is good, and the ingredients are fresh, and the pizza is cut interestingly...but in the end...it is not special at all.  It is also a little overpriced for what it is...average pizza...maybe slightly above average...but not enough to warrant 4 stars.
1	I was soooo disappointed :( I had high hopes for this place. I lived in Chicago for a few years and was happy to learn there was a Chicago style pizza place. Sadly, it does not compare to the pizza I would eat in Chicago. The sauce on the stuffed pizza tasted like it was just tomato sauce out of a can. There was absolutely NO seasoning in it. The spinach was fresh, but it wasn't completely covered by the sauce, so many of the pieces were dried out. The cheese was okay, but not great. The crust was pretty nondescript. I definitely won't get another stuffed pizza from here. If they use the same "sauce" on the thin pizzas I definitely won't get pizza from here again.
5	Best 'za in Vegas. Great place to watch da Bears game. They open up early on Sundays and you can buy a square in the pool. Efficient delivery service too..My boy Dahmer and I would sometimes grab a pizza and eat it outside after a rough day in the dives...
1	This is some of the worst food I've had in a very long time. The salad on the salad bar was wilted and the pasta salad smelled terrible. The pizza was dry and tasteless with thin crust, hardly any toppings, and cut up into about 30 squares as if it were about to be served to a group of kindergarteners. The tortellini was gluey and dry. We also ordered wings which weren't half bad, but considering how rude the hostess was (you'll know her by the ten pounds of makeup she is wearing), I won't be coming back.
4	Aurelio's has a pretty good pie.  It is walking distance to my house.  And with the option's around where I live.  I would order Aurelio's.  It is a Chicago thin crust spot.  Despite what you think of Chicago Style Pizza it is very good.   It's like New York but squared.  To tell you the truth they have plenty of promotions to match there pie's. If your in the Northwest area looking for a good pie and chill place Aurelio's has you covered.
4	We decided to order a pizza from Aurelio's tonight, since my parents told me Aurelio's had the best pizza they'd had in Las Vegas.We ordered an 18' sausage and green olive pizza. It was definitely good, but I can't say it's the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas. (I'm partial to Verrazano's.) The pizza was thin crust, Chicago-style (cut into small squares rather than triangular pizza slices). I used to live in Northern IL (Rockford), and this is the best thin crust Chicago-style pizza I've had out here, but it doesn't quite measure up to the "real thing". However, a big plus is the fact that they have green olives, which are hard to find in most pizza joints. If you've never tried them on a pizza, you should. Yummm!
4	they have awesome pizza... incredible.. can say much but have go an check it out... they got the chicago deep dish.. wow.. the chicken wings... an they always have sports team from chicago playing on TV so...  im a Chicago Bulls fan.. so come down an get a pizza..!!
2	I came here for lunch one day. I don't think I'll go back.I paid like $11 for the all you can eat, plus a soda, and a tip for the guy. Really not worth it, friends. The pizza was super thin crust, the toppings were sparse, and it wasn't too hot. It was actually kinda cold considering how "fresh" the guy claimed it was. Plus the salad wasn't the best. Also, it took the guy forever to refill my drink. He spent the majority of his time chatting with some guys there whom he apparently knew. The worst part is that once I sat down and started eating, I kept on thinking "man, there's a Subway like three feet away. I'd much rather be eating a hot sub..."
3	We went back to Aurelio's a few nights ago with my parents. This time I had spaghetti and meatballs. It was okay but the meatballs were a little overdone (i.e., bordering on burnt). My wife had the spinach calabrese which is similar to a calzone. It was pretty good. My parents split a pizza. I tried a couple of small pieces, and it was fine, but again not the best I've ever had.
5	Best pizza in Vegas. Being a native Chicagoan, I know my pizza! Thin, crunchy crust with tasty sauce, flavorful cheese and real Italian style sausage with fennel. Just like home. Chicago style decor, casual and comfortable. Service is fine- not great, not bad. Most importantly, pizza was served piping hot. I don't know about the other food, cause the pizza is the only thing we go for!
3	So here is the deal, the owners are not the best customer services representives and the lunch buffet can be a hit or miss at times.  however the pie is good when ordered fresh and they have cheap beers.
4	Have been going here for a couple of years now, thin crust pizza, very tasty, good comfort food. The service has always been very good as the owners are there every night and make sure everything is running smoothly. Good prices on beer and wine. The listing on this restaurant shows that it is closed, but it is certainly not! Just ate there tonight and it is alive and well.
1	I've been to Aurelio's before and had the buffet. For the price, it was decent. However, I brought my husband here and the owner hardly acknowledged us at the door and told us to "Give him a minute." There was one table occupied in the restaurant and we stood there with no acknowledgement for at least 5 minutes. We have never been treated so rudely at a restaurant and if it were busy, I would understand. We saw there was one pizza on the buffet line and asked if they would be making more to put out. The owner said he didn't know. After being ignored for a few more minutes, we left and will not return. I will not be treated like an inconvenience for average pizza.
1	All I ask for in a Chicago style thin crust is a crunchy crust, melted cheese and a great sauce.  If the toppings are of great quality it just makes it that much better.  I asked a guy I met at a gas station in a Chicago Bears ensemble with Bears and Cubs stickers all over his car if he knew of a good Chicago style pizza place here in Vegas.  He turned me on to this place, if I ever see him again I'm going to kick him in the baby maker and take 30 bucks out of his wallet.   I worked in Chicago for a year and definitely tried all the big names Lou Malnati's, Uno's, Geno's East and many mom and pop places... First of all I had it delivered so I can't comment on the restaurant itself.  When I called the gentleman was nice and informative of his product however told me I was out of his delivery area by a mile.  He did say that he would do it this one time to get me hooked and that they were really slow anyway.  I now know why they were so slow...  Food sucked!  I got a large pepperoni and meatball for my buddies and I, on the phone he said 30-40 minutes for delivery time, it took over 60.  Once it arrived I noticed the delivery driver was holding the container at an angle and thought maybe the handle was crooked or something.  OH NO!!! He was holding my pizza at an angle because when I opened the greasy bottomed box the pizza was actually so discombobulated I had to pull slices off of each other.  The pizza was so cold that it was like trying to pull a grilled cheese apart.  The meats were burnt and the meatballs were just chunks of beef, not little balls or thinly sliced actual meatballs.  The sauce was flavorless and the only taste that truly resonated throughout was the burnt cornmeal that they used to keep the dough from sticking to the oven.  If you want good pizza; stay far, far away from this place.
5	Aurelio's is a wonderful Chicago tradition and I am so happy they came to Las Vegas.My husband and I have come to Las Vegas twice so far from Seattle, and have made it a point to visit Aurelio's for our pizza fix. It is 10x better than Papa Johns or any other random "chain" pizza place. My husband grew up in Chicago (that's about 18 years of his life that he ate authentic Aurelio's pizza) and not only does he think it's just as good here in Las Vegas, but he's turned me into an Aurelio's addict also. Their ingredients are fresh and perfect! I also have no idea why people come to a pizza place and complain about other things on the menu. The pizza is what Aurelio's is known for, so at least rate that, and give it a chance. By the way, in Chicago they often cut their pizza into squares. It doesn't change the taste of the pizza, and it isn't just for kindergardeners.
3	A pretty good Pizza, I live near the North Cheyenne location, but think the South Eastern store s better. Try them both and decide for yourself
