4	The women of AZRD (Arizona Roller Derby) rock, and rock hard!  AZRD is a local roller derby organization, of about 3 in the state and they are amazing to watch.  They are a member of the "Women's Flat Track Derby Association".  So if you saw the "Roller girls" series on TV, it's not quite like that as it's all flat - not raised up on the outside.  The biggest advantage here is that it's much easier for them to find a space to both practice and perform.  There are 4 teams in the league, and they all have great names - and super fun outfits that "match" their name.  Example, we love the Surly Gurlies - and they are all pirate costumes. And most of those include fishnets.  Did that get anyone's attention?  Yea, they have to use a bit of sex to initially get the butts in the seats, but after watching one of their bouts, most folks are ready to go again just for the action. And this isn't like the fake stuff you saw on TV years ago.  This is totally real un-choreographed stuff.   And if you want to join, as long as you have your own insurance and a pair of skates - you're welcome to join their "Smash Squad" to learn the ropes until you're good enough to be picked up by one of the teams.  It's really a great time. Energy is always high and it's a great chance to yell and scream like a fool too.  If you want to - not required of course.  The only negative has been their announcers.  They had some good ones a few times, but often we can't hear what in the heck they are saying.  Maybe one day they'll be able to afford a PA system we can understand.Final Bonus - There's always a live band to play between each of their sets.  This could be rock, bunk, ska, rockabilly or something else wonderful and amazing.  And occasionally loud.  There are usually ear plugs available at the door for their indoor bouts.  Take them up on it.  Trust me.
5	You will not regret a night out watching the roller derby. A ton of fun and extremely entertaining! Go early because seating is limited and the crowd is wild. Makes you wanna strap on a pair of skates fully knowing those ladies would make you regret it! Super fun!!
