4	If you like Filipino food you should try this place.  I ate here several times while I was in Chandler. There are so many dishes that are good here and I don't even know the names of most of them.  What I did, once I saw how it was, was to go in after 6pm when they put almost everything on half price to move it out before they close and I just pointed to about 4 or 5 dishes like I was going thru a buffet line and get the smallest container of each item (except the pancit which I really love and get a bigger size of) and took it all home and eat it for the next 3 or 4 meals.  The chicken and pork were both good.  This is not low-calorie stuff so be forewarned it will fill you up!
4	Being Filipino and having moved to Gilbert last year from Southern California, one of my first objectives was to find a Filipino food restaurant here in the valley. I found Lumpia Factory by accident by just exploring around Chandler one day. I found enough of the things I grew up eating (pancit, lumpia and adobo) and also tried some dishes that I heard about but never tried (menudo, which is way different than the mexican offering and apritada). It still isn't like what mom used to make, but what restaurant really does that. In a pinch, Lumpia Factory takes care of that craving I get for "home cooking".
3	I drove past this place quite a few times, making a mental note of it but didn't venture to go inside until a few months ago. The guy who typically works there is mostly friendly though he takes a little while to warm up to you. The ladies who work there usually can't take their eyes off of the tv long enough to actually look at you, but oh well.  Previous to going here, I hadn't had much exposure to Filipino food. Most of it is pretty good, though there are a few dishes that weren't quite what I expected. Overall, the dishes seem to be a little on the oily side...I'm not sure if this is typical of Filipino food or if its just this place. My favorite thing about this place is the lumpia, which at 4 for $1 are a pretty good deal. Surprisingly, their sweet and sour sauce is amazing. Also, on weekends they have this roast pork that is freaking amazing. All in all, its worth trying it out at least. Make sure you bring cash though, because they dont take plastic.
3	I used to be a frequent visitor here when this venue first opened somewhere around 2005, and Shirley was the cook/manager.  She initially started this Filipino eggroll (lumpia) catering business with a partner who decided to move on and leave Shirley to her own devices.  She expanded her business to include a few popular items she'd freshly prepare, rather than serve it buffet-style.  This ensured that the food was low in fat, but high in flavor!  I remember buying fresh pan de sal and baked chicken empanadas.  How I do miss Shirley and her way of doing business.The new owners (as of 2006), a husband and wife team, do serve tasty dishes.  At least they used to.  It's been over a year since I've last eaten there.  Do go as early in the day as possible to be sure to get the freshest meals.  If you are looking for bargains, do visit before they close, but keep in mind that many items may already be overcooked from sitting under heating lamps/over heating elements.  The meals here are very greasy, but that's pretty much standard about meals served buffet-style (the fat keeps the food from burning).  I used to enjoy the afritada, menudo, and Bicol express.  The lumpia is pretty good, but only if very fresh (that may be more of a personal choice, since I have encountered many people who do not mind eating horrible, soggy pathetic excuses of lumpia).    One can also find desserts, such as halo-halo, biko, and turon.
4	Several years ago I had a renter who is Phillipino. Every so often, they cook Lumpia (phillipine verson of Chinese egg roll). It is home make style, it is dee -liceous. Since they move out, I sure missed Lumpia.Three months ago, I by chance saw the sign 'LUMPIA factory', My mouth begin to watering. My thought was could it be my former renter?. I step inside, nop, they were phillipino...but not my former renter. I order several 'LUMPIA' it is just as good.
4	This place has the personal touch I like.  The guy remembered me from 2007 and 8/08.  Unfortunately they didn't have Pancit today but I got some sinigang and ate it on the spot.(4/16/09)
1	I had a bad lumpia experience at this place. I went there since I had a huge craving for some authentic lumpia and I ordered the pork lumpia. It tasted freezer burned and the edges were burnt where the meat was busting out. My friend calls this kind of lumpia "lazy ass lumpia" cuz the edges are open faced and not enclosed....hahahahaa. Anyhow I might give this place a 2nd try if I'm ever in the neighborhood but highly doubt it.
3	Finally got here.  Too late in the evening, apparently.No more lumpia.  No more pancit.  DOH!!!Can't knock that too much, as earlier reviews warned me of that.Anyway, what I did get was some Bistek (sp), a lichon dish, and some ribs in sauce.  Wow.  That's really all I can say about the lichon and the ribs.  Both these dishes have wickedly good sauce...a bit sweet with some awesome spices in there.  No, don't think 'sweet-n-sour'...that's such a step down from what this is.The bistek was a tad dry, but the taste outweighed this small flaw.  Pepper steak?  No.  Much better than your normal Chinese food joint pepper steak.  The flavors here are subtle, and the onions add a sweetness that compliments the meat.  All three items with rice ran me about $8.  That's less than a 3 item entree at Panda's.  That's less than a footlong combo at Subway.  That's less than a lot of things that are less tasty than what I got at the Factory.I was really hoping to have some lumpia, though.  When she told me that the pancit was gone, I was disappointed.  But then she said they ran out of lumpia, and I wanted to cry.  Not really.  Like everyone that's reviewed has said, get here earlier in the afternoon if you want a large variety.  Because there wasn't even any adobo left when I got there...around 5:30 in the evening.I see that this is a place where the family/owners just kinda hang out.  I like that.  It gives a sense of...ease...unpretentiousness...non-stuckupishness.  Its funny that whenever I've walked into one of these Filipino restaurants, all the people look at me as if they expect to know me somehow...I'm waiting for someone to ask me in tagalog "Aren't you so-n-so's son?" lol  I was in kind of a bummer mood, but the warmth of family made me smile.Lol, the Filipino channel was indeed on, and indeed loud.  But it added to my experience somehow.  I will be back since this is not too far from me.  And I'm sure once I try a few lumpia, some adobo and some pancit, I'll be adding a star.  Also, I was surprised they didn't have cantaloupe juice, which is now my favorite beverage on Earth.
4	Had to add a star for two reasons:Lechon.  This is it.  There was a tray heaping full of the stuff in all its golden and shiny glory.  I pointed and said that I HAD to have it.The first piece I tasted was the equivalent of finding $200 in an old wallet when your rent is due.  Crunchy skin that immediately melted in my mouth.  Juicy sinful fatty stuff that clung to the thick pieces of skin.  And tender meat so juicy that it made me google how this stuff was made.  Lechon is all its hyped up to be.The other reason for the star is for the hospitality I receive whenever I go in there.  Well, I've only been twice, but each time has been great.  Once again, the family atmosphere was in full effect.  I still haven't asked who is who, but I'll work my way up to that.  But the people behind the counter have been awesome.  This time, a dude big in stature chatted about the Knicks vs. Bulls rivalry and actually made a point that I could not deny.  Seems like a great guy and he had complete confidence in his lechon, which he full well should.  But what tops it all is the way he ended our transaction.  Let's just say it was the top of the mountain for customer/vendor relationships.  When trust is built between an owner and a customer, you pretty much have a guaranteed repeat customer.  That's what the Factory has gained in me.Also, I got the bbq ribs again...and they were even better than last time if that's even possible.And finally, I had an order of lumpia.  Now...mines were burnt on the ends.  It wasn't ideal to have to chop the ends off of each one, but the taste of them nulls the fact that I had to do that.  These were awesome tasting lumpia.  Maybe they just took their eyes off of them for a minute too long or something.  I'll definitely give these another go.I can see 5 stars in their future if the food maintains its deliciousness, which I am confident it will.
4	This is my favorite Filipino Restaurant in AZ.There's nothing like coming here for lunch on the weekends.  They have a pretty extensive array of dishes available on Saturday and Sunday.  I really have to stay disciplined when I come here, because I always feel like ordering one of everything.  Their lechon is pretty damn tasty.  I have ordered lechon from them for holiday parties, and family members usually rave about how good it is.When there's a "pot luck" type party at my wife's work, she usually orders 100 pieces of pork lumpia from here, and it is always the first item that runs out.  If you're craving Filipino food.  You have to pay a visit to Gene at Lumpia Factory.
5	This'll prob be my last update.  They have earned 5 stars for consistently having delicious food and for the great feeling I get when I go in.  I'm horrible with names, but the guy that owns the place served me this evening and he remembered me instantly.  Again we he had a great conversation about the NBA, this time the 'Super Friends' of Miami.  And again, trust between customer and business owner was built on, which carried over from my last visit.  Good people plus good food equals 5 stars in my book.  They now have a buffet every Sunday from 9-3 I think, or 8-3.  I'm looking forward to partaking of that...wonder how they fit all the people in there, though?  Anyway, my food tonight was again a great experience for my tastebuds.  Yes, the food is a bit greasy...but like a previous reviewer (and all the Filipino folks I know) said, this cuisine is typically greasy at buffets so the meats won't dry out.  Just put everything over some rice and you're good to go...but I still just scarf down the stuff right out of the container.I just can't stress enough how nice the people here are!
4	I really liked this place. Can anyone confirm that it actually closed down?
5	So...another Filipino restaurant casualty.  I saw they had closed some time earlier this year.  Very sad, as with Karey's Kitchen, the people were very cool.
