1	This restaurant was the talk of the town before it opened.  My expectations were fairly high and sadly I couldn't have been more disappointed.First of all, the restaurant opens to the casino.  Ick.Second of all, the decor...think mid-1980s Miami meets the beginning of a theater set.  A strange combination of themes.Thirdly, the food.  It seemed like they threw an extra 3 or 4 tablespoons of salt into every dish thereby killing any authentic flavor.  We shared several dishes and the only side that I would suggest ordering are the sweet potato fries.You would have to pay me to dine there again.Very disappointing.The best
3	I wasn't hating this as much as the other reviewers, but I'm being relatively lenient with a few issues we had due to it being so new!Decor: I thought the walls and ceiling changing every 20 minutes was fun. Kind of silly, but it was a novelty. Food:French Crab cocktail: just crab meat that had been shelled and served chilled with some sauces on the side. Fresh, sweet, succulent, delicious. Lobster salad: really tasty and it wasn't just some goopy mayo mess like some others I've seen. Lots of lobster, some avocado.. a nice light dressing. Delish. Bread: cold... similar to the bread they serve at bouchon, but not as good!Risoto: It appears another reviewer didn't love this as much as I did. It was parmesan/champagne flavored and delish! Steaks: Awesome, but we had several prepartion issues. The people who ordered their's medium had awesome perfectly cooked steaks. The people (3) who ordered them medium rare all got medium well steaks. 2 of the 3 ate their's as is, but when the 3rd diner asked for a different steak he got some attitude from the waitress. I'm sorry when the steak ordered medium rare is significantly more done than the steaks ordered medium, there was a goof somewhere... they should have replaced it no questions asked. The steak was a dull grey-brown in the middle.. not  a hint of pink.. hardly what I'd call medium rare!2 diners ordered their steaks rossini style with foie gras.. tasty of course.. but as you can tell from my reviews, I'm a foie gras freak so unless they overcooked it or ruined it, I'm loving anything with foie gras. We ordered sweet potato fries, but the waitress forgot to bring them. She belittled my 18 yo sister and told her "oh you forgot to order them"... umm no, the entire table heard her order them, nice try though. Oh well, so we didn't get to try these. I do think this place has some potential. Cool atmosphere, yummy steaks (when they prep them correctly), and some good seafood starters. Service really needs to clean up their act though. If this was a restaurant that had been open for more than 2 weeks I would have definitely give them 2 stars... a steak restaurant shouldn't screw up cooking steaks!
2	Ate here last Friday night.  I was very excited b/c the front desk lady recommended it strongly, apparently the decor changes every 30 mins and she claimed the servers also changed their outfits that often, but it didn't seem to happen with the servers... although we did have at least 2 waiters and 2 bus people at our table. Pros: The ambiance and way the restaurant is built is cool.  So cool that I might even add another half star to my review if yelp allowed it.  That said, you can see the decor from the outside if you really just want to see the changes happen. Cons:  Customer service was horrible.  We weren't seated until 30 mins past our reservation.  Then it took them another 10 mins to give us a menu.  Then another 20 mins to take our order.  We had to ask for bread and water, which all the other tables had.  The waitress made a recommendation to me and then came back to say the chef couldn't do it.  They switched back and forth between waiters with no communication which was very frustrating.  Because of the waitresses mess-up I sat there without food while my friend ate her dinner and finally just ordered a salad, which was mediocre.  I also had tuna tartare as an appetizer, which tasted like it had been sitting out for a while.  My friend ordered pasta with black truffles for $55 and was something we could have easily made at home (if we found black truffles).  A pile of pasta with butter, salt, cream and black truffle oil.  boring.  Expensive for what you get.  Service is bad and food is mediocre.  They did not comp us anything despite the mistakes and did not even do the basic niceties like saying thank you as we left.  My recommendation would be to just watch the decor switch from outside and don't waste your money on a mediocre experience.
2	got to freeload a meal last night and sadly, it was wasted on Switch. Gee another steakhouse - i just don't get it - is this really what the "powers-to-be" feel is what's needed on the Strip - really ? oh that's right, let's add the gimmick of switching up the walls/ceiling every 20 minutes or so ( yeah, one of them was kinda cool - but the option that opens up to the casino and basically the front entrance - i can't believe Mr., Wynn bought into that option ) I'm still laughing about the server making a big deal about the filet being wet aged for 55 days, " no one else ages it that long ! " - come on, 40 days, 50 days, can someone really tell the diff. Does a fillet need much aging anyways ?!?! I the hosts went with the fillet - 10 ouncer cost about $55, i went with the 18 ounce bone-in rib eye ( almost went with the hanger steak ) - i think mine cost about $58. went with the asparagus, mushrooms and cheesy potatoes ( goes by some fancy french name that escapes ) for sides - about $14 each ( that's even high for the strip steakhouses ! thank god i wasn't flipping the bill ) The jamon serrano salad was my starter - i think it was $16 - that was decent - nice chunks of Roquefort cheese, the dressing was a little too oily. we opted not to have dessert - the choices were kinda boring - creme brulee, molten chocolate cake, bananas foster, etc started with some sort of lychee cocktail and we had wine - nothing remarkable. for me, not gonna bother making a 2nd visit to Switch, even on another persons dime !
1	Going out for a special dinner with friends turns out terrible! Where do I start..... 1st we waited 20 mins for someone to ask us what our water preference was. Our drinks to this day, still have not come! The manager finally comes over to listen to our complaint only to blow it off by introducing us to some wine owner from Napa,(who cares!). I always order my steak well done. Anywhere we go. This was the worst steak! Burnt!I would never recommend this place to anyone! If you wanna watch the walls change, grab some food and stand outside!
4	The stars mostly go for the creative design and atmosphere.  To see the restaurant change before your eyes every twenty minutes is pretty amazing.   It is obvious that there was alot of money invested for the technology.  The walls shift, the ceilings cave in and form new creations, and the music changes all at once.  It is pretty incredible!As for the food and service, it was okay.  Service was a little frazzled and disorganized at first and it was hard to tell who was our server.  The sommelier was difficult to locate...like 20 minutes maybe?  and when he did come he was unhelpful and kind of condescending that I would actually consider and desire an Argentine wine.  Still stuck-up with the French or bust attitude.  But, I'm the customer, so please at least don't pull that on me when I'm just asking for a suggestion on New World wines!  That's my taste.  grrr...Anyway, my Hawaiian ahi tuna poke was light and flavordul, my scallops wellington were unique and very good.  I did feel a little miffed on the black truffle gnocchi.  I ordered a half portion, but it was still the same price.  I understand that I am paying for the truffles here, but a little less pressure would be nice.  As for dessert, the Venezuelan chocolate souffle was also good, but did not blow my mind.  I would come to Switch for the atmosphere, but there are better places in Vegas if you are a foodie.
1	Horrible. There is simply no other way than to describe this NEW, restaurant located inside Encore, the latest addition to the Wynn family of resorts in Las Vegas. I would say that this experience rivaled my equally repulsive time at Gordon Ramsay in the London Hotel in Los AngelesLet us delve deeper. Firstly, I had a reservation for Switch at 7pm. I showed up on the dial and was told that my seat would not be available right away. What the hell is the point of a reservation if they don't respect and live up to it?Already becoming annoyed, I was quickly set aflame when my table became ready and was told that I would not be able to enter the restaurant because of my attire. I was wearing slacks and a monogrammed polo shirt. Apparently, the dress code is for buttoned, collared shirts and jackets are recommended. As I perused the restaurant behind the tyrant of a hostess, I saw that MANY people were wearing far worse than myself.I quickly and smugly showed the hostess that her "rules" were out of line and that apparently someone let others in with t-shirts and jeans. For god sake, there was a man in a Hawaiian shirt! After realizing that the hostess would not hear any more, I went back to my room to change. It also gave me time to cool down!After being seated, I took in the decor of the restaurant. Switch, changes its surroundings every half hour, with walls rising up and down, some from side to side and even the ceiling gets in on the act! This dance reveals new and different motifs, all of which are rather bland and boring.Our waiter for the evening seemed more accustomed to McDonald's than a fancy restaurant. For he showed up exactly 3 times the entire evening. First to take our order, then to drop off the food and lastly, the check. My guest and I ordered wine straight away and it came in no less than 30 minutes! Our food, risotto and scallops came after 1 hour and 15 minutes of waiting! What in the hell takes so long for these two dishes? There is simply no excuse for this. To add insult to injury, the food was just average!I managed to flag down a female manager and told her of my experience at the beginning of this adventure. In true "circle the wagons" fashion, she defended the hostess and said that she was right in stopping me from entering. I again showed how others were wearing t-shirts and the manager looked at me blankly and said the "rules (were) the rules". Who hires these people?I do not and will never recommend Switch to anyone. It is a horrible place with food that can be better prepared from a campfire by children. The entire experience was shocking and utterly disappointing to say the least. Steve Wynn needs to implode the restaurant and start anew. Caveat Emptor.
4	I read the previous reviews, and had quite a few qualms about dining there.  But I had tried all the other Encore restaurants, and so I thought, "Why not?"  Going again during this past President's weekend, I knew there might be some issues with getting reservations, so I made them well in advance.  I made them so far in advance that I realized on the day of that it would be too late to dine out with my husband and 8 year old son.  Yikes!  With some doubt, I walked up to the hostess at 5pm, asking to change my reservation to 7pm...and was greeted with a pleasant smile and a quick answer of "It would be my pleasure."  Awesome!!!Walking in, everyone, from the hostesses, managers, servers, and busers,  were incredibly pleasant and made it a fantastic evening for our whole family.  Some restaurants might turn their noses down at children in a fine dining establishment, but everyone there were genuinely pleased to have us in.  One manager overheard my son asking for the olives in my martini.  She returned quickly with two olives just for my son.  How fantastic was that??!!!  And that was just the tip of the iceburg all evening.Yes, I agree with some of the earlier reviews that the food wasn't the best out there.  But it was still good, and you have to remember that it's been open two months!  Most restaurants never really get into their stride that quickly.  With as good service as they have, i'd definitely be willing to go back and try again.
4	I stopped by for a quick bite.  Very pricey, as is everything in Vegas, but the steak was wonderful!
5	Bar review only:I had the mango mojito here. AMAZING!They put real mango puree in the drink and it tastes just like mango juice. loved it
4	Loved it.  We rec'd outstanding service and food was excellent.  I would have given it 5 stars but the seating could have been a little more spaced and intimate.  We had a great time at Switch.
4	The food was excellent, worth every penny. The wine selection was great, the desserts were out of this world. I suggest the pairing dinner and wine pairing dessert...worth every penny!The walls move, I had no idea. The ambiance and atmosphere in general was awesome. The AGM came over to the table to chat with us (knowing him from a previous job) the service was spectacular considering how busy it was.
3	I went to Switch with 5 other friends.  None of us had tried this place, but hey what the heck?  The restaurant looked pretty inviting, and it was pretty packed with people.Before I comment on the food, I must say that I really do like the ambiance here.  The place is called Switch because there are 3 different "environments" that is being switched every 30 minutes.  They are kind of fun; however, I much rather would have preferred to switch every hour.  We were in the restaurant for 3 hours... so that means we saw the walls and windows switch 6 times.  The wow factor was pretty much gone after the first few times.As for the food, our group got a "Seafood Extravaganza for Four" to split ($150).  The appetizer included the following:  oysters on the half shell, jumbo shrimp, ahi tuna tartar, Maine lobster, bay scallop ceviche, and Alaskan king crab legs.  I personally loved the bay scallop ceviche.  The oysters on a half shell, jumbo shrimp, Maine lobster, and Alaskan king crab legs were all good and fresh.  I didn't like the ahi tuna tartar.  The tuna wasn't fresh.I ordered the Bone-in Rib Eye with the bordelaise sauce ($52).  The sauce was a recommendation from our waiter.  I ordered my rib eye medium rare, and it was perfect.  Usually restaurants cook the steaks too done for me.  The only complaint I had about this dish was that it was a bit too salty.  The meat itself and the medium rare cooking were both perfect.Some of the other dishes that my friends ordered were the following:- Sauteed Sonoma Foie Gras (appetizer) - I took a bite to taste and it was delicious.  The sauce on the dish was really tasty.- Filet - also the same comment as I had about being a bit too salty.  This friend ordered his Filet also "medium rare".- Slow Simmered Short Rib of Beef - he liked his dish; however, the portion was a bit small.- Roasted Lamb Chop - she liked it; however, said the dish didn't have enough salt.The seasonal wild mushrooms on the side was delicious.  I ordered a Lobster Mac & Cheese just to try.  (I love Mac & Cheese... even though it doesn't exactly pair with my entree).  Anyway, the lobster flavor and cheese was really light.  I felt like it needed a small kick in the Mac & Cheese.My friends had ordered their mojitos as a cocktail.  The flavors are pretty good, but it doesn't really have alcohol in it.All in all, it was a pretty fun experience.  The food was good.  I wished my Rib Eye wasn't as salty as it was.  The seafood extravaganza had really fresh seafood (except for the tuna tartar).  I liked the atmosphere a lot, but also wished the walls didn't change every 30 minutes, maybe every hour or so.  I don't know if I would come back again for the price (my share was $130 with tip).  It's worth a trip to go to this restaurant once for the experience.http://www.encorelasvegas.com/#/dining/switch/
5	Many restaurants in Vegas slap a celebrity chef's name on it but don't have a leg to stand on (*Ahem Wolfgangs "Cut") . This DOES NOT apply to Switch.Switch has very delicious food. I had the sonoma foie gras, wild john dory, aged filet,  a very nice molten chocolate cake. Very flavorful filet. Awesome blueberry sauce for the foie. Our server was top notch. Great wine list. Not expensive considering its Vegas, in the Encore, and quality of food. You also get a nice show watching the walls and ceilings morph every 30 mins.
3	it was definitely different. The food was great. I had the fish and the other three in my party had the steak. The Mac and Cheese side was to die for. The vege sides were also delicious..Every half an hour or so the decore changes... it was fun and different. It is even more fun if the people in your party do not know about it! there are three different decors.The service was great....a bit over priced for what it was...
4	Bone-in-ribeye, mashed potatoes and vegetables:perfectly cooked. Wine(cant remember what kind due to drunkeness):tasted good. The service and staff was excellent and knowledgeable. The walls of this place change about every 15ish minutes. Yes they change. Music starts playing and the wall either raises and lowers to look different. I cant do it justice you need to see it for yourself
2	I feel terrible for giving Steve Wynn's creation (no matter which creation) only 2 stars...but alas, Switch was nothing but a disappointment.The restaurant is beautiful, but only from certain tables....other tables look directly into the casino.  Before dining, I didn't think that was a big deal...but there is something about paying $60 for a steak and looking up and seeing not beautiful interiors, but rather the annoying progressive-slot lights, and the silly music that goes along with those slots.  Often, people dine at nice restaurants to get away from that, and at Switch there is no escape. The menu changes...so if you went to encorelasvegas.com and looked up the menu and fell in love with some items, don't plan on actually being able to order the items.  Even if you ask nicely.  I REALLY wanted to try the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese, and the waiter said no.  Even though it had been on the websites menu.  The service at Switch, at least our service, was really poor.  The most the waiter said to us was, "You ready to order?"  No mention of specials, recommendations, etc.Finally, after a really bad first impression, we left the restaurant and walked about 20 feet to Botero in The Encore.  It was one of the best dining experiences ever!I wouldn't recommend Switch to anyone that would like a relaxing, romantic dinner.  It feels more like a restaurant tailored to business dinners, etc.
3	So, yes the decor changes every 20 minutes. Walls rise and fall, the ceiling and lighting changes and it's fun....once or twice.Wine list was excellent, and the sommelier was very knowledgeable and friendly. As for food, the oysters were delicious, and the lamb was to die for. I wasn't happy that they took away plates of other people at the table while others were still eating. You know, that "feeling rushed" thing they aren't supposed to do.I'd go back though, there were a lot of interesting dishes on the menu and we didn't get try everything we wanted to try.
3	We came here because we had $100 credit to use at the hotel, and SW and Botero were fully booked for the night.The special thing about switch is how the restaurant setting changes every half hour between 3 different themes.  I guess that was kind of cool.  The thing we didn't like was how close it was to the casino floor, so one of the themes didn't have anything blocking the restaurant from the casino slot machines so you can see everything in the casino from your table, wasn't private at all.The food, I'd give 4 stars.  As someone below noted, the menu online isn't the same as the one in the restaurant.  We had the kobe beef and carpaccio for appetizers.  Both were amazing, especially the kobe beef.  For side dishes we had asparagus and creamed spinach - good but nothing special.  I also had the bone in rib eye - which was good, but didn't seem like a $50 steak.  They also got it wrong too - i had ordered medium rare, and it came out well done.  Actually 3 of our steaks came out overcooked, but mine was the worst.  I let the waiter know, and he was really cool about it and said he'd bring me a new one out right away.  Both him and the manager had apologized.  It was over 15 minutes and both him and the manager came by to let me know it was coming out, but the waiter was really honest and let me know why it took longer - because the chef had thought they said something else and cooked something else on accident.  But the waiter was definitely really nice throughout all of this.  I finally got my ribeye and it was just right this time. He also brought us 2 free desserts because of the steak situation.  Chocolate peanut butter lava cake and bananas foster.  Both were sooooo good.  Probably the best part of the night.I guess my biggest complaint is just the price for what you get, but it's expected being a restaurant at the hotel (Encore).
4	The manager here was soooo nice, he really went out of his way to make sure we had an enjoyable experience. Now, onto the food...I got the crab and corn soup, sounds amazing, but it was totally unimpressive with hardly any crab. The salmon was cooked very well and the flavor was pretty decent. I did not like the mac n cheese, the cheese tasted way hardcore. The bread was delicious as was the truffled risotto. I really loved the changing themes of the restaurant.
4	A great dining experience! I came with a group of 12, no reservation on a Friday evening and we were able to get seated within 10 minutes. We were seated at a great table--right next to the wine. Our group ordered a range of everything from the salads, appetizers, entrees, and sides. All the food was topnotch. Prices were high, portions small, the presentation was great. All the ingredients were fresh. We loved watching the restaurant's scenery change between the 3 settings. The only reason why I can't give this place 5 stars is because of the service. After we sat down, it took a long time for us to be greeted by our server or to get some bread out. Food took a while to come out too however, since we were 12, that was understandable. Overall, very good and worth it.
4	What place will seat a party of 10 with no reservations at their best table in the back with their wine cellars? SWITCH!!! What fantastic service and managers in this place. The food was well above average. Many things were ordered from the lobster salad ( delish), rare tuna, sea bass, jadori chicken, an italian white fish and event he kobe Steak! We had the sides of mashed potatos (like butter!), gratin MY FAVORITE!!!!, carrots, asparagus, sweet potato fries  and the mac and cheese. All were very tasty. They also have a great selection of wines. Honestly they did NOT dissapoint. When we were there a lady had some drama! SOO HILAROUS. Apparently the guy next to her was so annoyed of her conversation that he threw a glass of water on her face and ran out. It happened so fast all we could hear was the lady yelling " WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT!!!" Security and managers rushed to handle the situation. Very professional and entertaining I might add. No dessert for the table but we were happily stuffed. Portions are decent. I would say this place costs about $100 per person to be safe. Most dishes run between 20-40 dollars. One star off just because its all the way in the back of the hotel with not much of a special location.5 stars are prized rewards people! :)  It is very cool that every 30 minutes the walls change, ceiling goes up and the whole decor changes. Kinda fun. I would definately eat here again.
4	Great restaurant and service!  Though my guest and I did not have reservations, we were still  accomodated and seated right away.  The general manager, Matt was very nice.  Jim, the bartender, made an awesome "mango" mojito.  For appetizers, we had the Ahi Tuna Tarter and for dinner, I had the chilean sea bass (which was great ~ melted in my mouth) and the onions & jalepenos.  Everything was wonderful.Every 30 minutes the wall & ceiling would switch...get it. :-)Encore itself is more of a boutique hotel (chic & elegant) with great restaurants, clubs, and stores.  Love it!
4	ate here with my gf... the food was pretty good but not as cool as the walls and ceiling transforming.... for a cool show and 4 dif scenes ... go here!!
5	they had this special when i was there in june.. 2 patron shots for $10!! (during 10pm-11pm i think)  that means $5 per shot of patron!!  we took quite a few shots here before heading to XS. fun times.
5	we had dinner reservations but had to move it later and as the Wynn concierge desk called for us as we were staying at the Wynn, it was no problem.  have to say that we didnt really think much about the name of the restaurant when we got there...just knew it was a more upscale one...for dinner.got seated as soon as we showed up.and then the switch happened...:)  soo NICE!!the walls moved up/down and switched to a new background, the ceiling moved in/out and switched to a new ceiling, the paintings did the same...changed every 30mins or so.  made the place look different every 30mins as if we were in a different restaurant.our waiter and the help were awesome.  always checking up on us, water glass always filled.we had the oysters and lobster bisque for appetizers.  both had no fishy smells and the presentations on both were beautiful.we had to a lemon drop martini and a house red wine.  then our entrees, presentation again was nicely done on the filet and the new york strip.  you will not need additional seasonings to it at all.melts in your mouth.  it was nonsto w/ the food, drinks and the switching that we didnt know we were there for 2hrs by the time we were done with our food.it was well worth the pricer bill and i am so recommending this restaurant.
5	Amazing amazing amazing. The changing themes were great. I ordered the 12 oz Filet and it was perfect. The black truffel mashed potatoes were unbelievable. Such an amazing experience. Made my first night in Vegas memorable.
2	last saturday some of my girls and i had dinner at encore's restaurant switch in las vegas.  i can't really say that the food was that great for the price, but hey it's vegas so you have to expect to spend a little more.  the "thing" about switch is that every 30 minutes or so the atmosphere changes.  sections of the walls change and as does the center part of the ceiling.  even though it was neat, it definitely interrupted our dinner conversation because as it started to change, the lights would dim or get brighter and harmonious music would start which sort of made you stop and look.  we were there long enough to see 3 different "scenes."  each time the music started we felt like we were in a disney world show or ride... a little cheese.  speaking of cheese, i was the only one who didn't like her meal.  and usually if something is "eh" i'd eat it anyway, but after 3 bites, i just couldn't.  i decided to start with the bibb lettuce & mozzarella salad - which turned out to be a good choice because i didn't eat my vegetarian lasagnette.  the thing is that i had asked if the lasagnette was really cheesy b/c it was served with a cheese fondue sauce.  our waiter told me that it wasn't very cheesy and that the sauce was just on the bottom of the plate so that's why i went with it.  i sort of knew when it came out and before i tried it that it wasn't going to be good... sad.  i tried it and it basically tasted like a ton of cheese - and not good kind.  i could barely tell that there was pasta noodles or vegetables in it!  the salad was really good though, the white balsamic vinaigrette was a little too tart, but overall tasty with a good amount of mozzarella.  the lasagnette was taken off of the bill and i was offered something else, but i decided to have another glass of wine and an espresso martini in place of it - only b/c it was vegas.the rest of the girls were mostly satisfied with what they ordered - and yes i totally had food envy.  the table had a nice spread of the sea bass (with yellow tomato coulis, braised fennel, basil-parsley pesto,) sea scallops (with eggplant ratatouille, sweet pea ver-jus sauce) and the lobster salad (artichoke, asparagus, avocado, truffle vinaigrette.)  the lobster salad wasn't what you thought though - no lettuce.  from my side of the table it looked like a big scoop of guacamole with lobster on top.  at least she got a side of the mac & cheese to make up for it.  since we were celebrating two birthdays we were treated with a free dessert.  we were tricked though b/c we were asked what we wanted and they came out with two different desserts, one we had to pay for.  i don't know why they didn't just give us the one we wanted for free.   so we nibbled on the milk chocolate crunch cake (toasted hazelnut feuillantine, devil's food cake, port wine cherries) and the peach cobbler tart (streusel, apricot sorbet.)  i thought that i was going to like the crunch cake more, but the peach cobbler was a pleasant surprise.if it weren't for the company i was keeping, i think that overall i'd be a little disappointed.  i've been to restaurants and paid way less and was way more happy.  i do love the encore though - it's so pretty and clean.  i'll just have to go back and try botero which is where we originally had reservations, but there was some event going on so we switched restaurants, no pun intended.http://notomatoesplease.wordpress.com/2009/08/19/switchlasvegas/
5	This place is awesome! The scenery of the restaurant changes every 15-20 minutes and it feels like your at a show because it's soo dramatic. We had a prefixed menu i choose the cesar salad, Pan fried Salmon, & Creme Brulee for dessert. The food was really good & I definitely thank my girls for taking me there for my bachelorette dinner! ;-)  Also our waiter was just AWESOME!
2	This is my first of many reviews from our mini stay in Vegas. The reason I chose this to review this one first was to warn you. Do not get suckered into trying this wanna be "steakhouse". The premise seems cool @ first, every 20 minutes or so the decor of the restaurant changes, but after a couple "switches" it gets old. So, onto the meal. To be honest, the meal I had was not bad at all. I kept it simple since I wasn't super hungry. Started off with the lobster bisque, which was actually excellent. Rich creamy bisque and an ample amount of lobster. Was off to a great start. For my meal, I had the kobe beef carpaccio w/arugula salad and mac & cheese. Both were good, but I wasn't blown away by either.  My real "beef" with this joint is two fold. The first problem is, we went here being enticed by the "Taste of Wynn" menu they had offered. An app, entree and dessert for $69. On the website, they offered a 9oz filet. However, once you got in the door, the filet was not an option. Instead the substituted a "sliced" NY Strip. When we asked the waiter, they said they stopped offering the filet because they were losing money. Really? You're losing money because you're offering an $8 cut of meat for $60? Hmmmm.....Here's a tip you pretentious used douchewater recepticle. You're not losing money because you're offering filet at a "discounted" price. You can't get people in the door because the food is average, overpriced (albeit expected since it is Vegas), but the service is absolutely horrible. We barely saw our server besides him taking our order and presenting our check. And for what we paid I expected a little more. Maybe if the waitstaff didn't act like they were doing you a favor by bringing you the meal you are paying an arm and a leg for you'd be able to get people in the door.  I must not be the only one with this opinion either since the restaurant wasn't even 1/4 full on a Friday night. Unless someone else was paying, I wouldn't go back.
4	This restaurant is located in the Encore hotel.  The scenery changes every 20 minutes or so and provides an entertaining conversation piece. The service is efficient.  Portions are decent sized.  We enjoyed the shrimp cocktail (3 cold, firm shrimp).  No visit to a steak-centric restaurant would be complete without a wedge salad and Switch's was very good. Steak isn't the only thing on the menu (the risotto was very good).  I enjoyed the steak I ordered.  The sauteed spinach side dish was among the best  examples of that dish that I've had.  The wine list is extensive (as one would expect in a steakhouse).
4	Upon our check-in to Encore, we realized we were famished and needed some good, but close sustenance so we decided to dine at one of the hotel's own restaurants rather than make the trek up the strip for one of the other restaurants we had planned on dining at.  The bellman had suggested Switch during our elevator ride so we decided to give it a try.We arrived for an early dinner, a little before 6 and were happy to be seated at a quiet table in the middle of the restaurant.  I ordered the lychee caipirinha which was really tasty with the fresh lychee puree and toasted my husband's Sam Adams and to the beginning of our amazing Vegas anniversary celebration.  Having no idea what to expect, I practically jumped out of my seat when the music started getting louder and the walls, ceilings, and paintings began to, well, Switch!  We quickly found out that the restaurant switches decor every half an hour or so and it was amazing to see what it would turn into next.As for the food, we were not disappointed about our menu selections.  I enjoyed the chilean sea bass with a side of asparagus and my husband ordered the rib-eye with the black truffle mashed potatoes.  My sea bass was cooked to perfection with just the right crust and it absolutely melted in my mouth.  My husband's steak was good as well, but the black pepper and mushroom crust didn't really add much.    For dessert we shared the key lime pie and loved the mango compote that added a unique sweetness to the tart pie.  Overall our experience at Switch was wonderful and it was a great way to kick off our Vegas culinary experience!
2	With fairly high expectations, Switch failed to meet my standard for adequate food. The thrill of the changing room wore off and the food was subpar. I cannot possibly offer a restaurant above two stars that doesn't provide good food. The lobster bisque, ahi tuna and sea scallops were all bland and couldn't possibly have been fresh. I would suggest gambling at Encore just to see Switch change, but I would not recommend eating there.
4	Interesting place serving up one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. The changing room decor every 30 minutes is cool the first time, but you quickly realize that this is just another Las Vegas show to keep you oohing and aahing. the food is the standout here. I had the strip steak--medium rare--and it was delivered perfectly cooked and extremely tasty. It cut like butter and was, as I said, one of the best steaks I have ever had. The sides are big and good. the table enjoyed the sauted mushrooms, lyonees potatoes. The waiter picked a very reasonable Pinot from Oregon. A couple of people at the table had the lobster bisque and pronounced it "excellent." It was all good. Once you get around the the Switching decor is a gimic --and oh so Vegas--the food will keep you coming back.
4	We hosted a large dinner party at Switch for clients last year, and I was pretty impressed. They were able to accommodate 35 guests on two hours notice in the main dining room, and even allowed us to order from the full menu- unheard of in most cases when it comes to group reservations. The service: We brought some of our top clients to dinner at Switch, and on such short notice they either couldn't, or wouldn't, change into a sports coat and dress shoes. While I understand flip flops are probably out of the norm, I think they could have bit a bit gentler about insisting our VIPs wear jackets. They wouldn't even let them enter the restaurant entrance until they had the proper attire on. Once we were seated, a bit of organization would have been great too. The servers seems a bit confused as to who was taking orders on which side of the table, where to start and stop, etc. Food: Service aside, the meal itself was great. We had more than enough food including gigantic seafood platters, amazing steaks, and enough sides to feed an army. Theme: The whole concept of Switch is a constantly changing background. The walls move, the lighting adjust, and the themes swapped on a half or hourly basis. If you stay for more then one rotation you probably get bored of it, but it was pretty entertaining for us and our clients.
4	We went to Switch before heading to a show.  the meal did not disappoint.  The steak was cooked just as ordered, rare +.  The sides we very good.  They have the usual sides that you get at most steak houses, mac n cheese, garlic mash, but the one side that I have not seen at any other steak house is the onions and jalapenos.  This was a great compliment to the steak.  With the sweet of the onion and the heat from the jalapeno, this was a great compliment to the light salty crust on the steak.  The sommelier was very knowledgeable, and suggested 2 great bottles of wine to compliment our appetizers as well as our main course.  I would recommend Switch as a good place to have a steak.  The one reason that I like going to steak houses at the hotels in Vegas, is I can eat at Smith and Wollensky in most major cities, same with Nine, David Burke, and Ruth Chris.  The hotel steak houses are usually better food, and you can try something new.
3	I was definitely in a spot facing the casino which was sad because of all the other places I went in Vegas, I never felt that I was in Vegas while eating.  I was consumed just as much as I consumed.  This was not the case in Switch.  The walls and ceiling show was actually impressive, but it added to the feeling that I was still in the show that is Vegas.  There was no continuity to get in a pleasant dining atmosphere.   I ordered a Dark and Stormy, and I thought it was a little weak.  I want that burn in the back of my throat.  We did the Taste of Wynn and I ordered the oysters for the app, and steak and potatoes for the entree.  The oysters were a little gritty which was sad, but the steak was cooked very well and the potatoes were everything I needed. I was being ridiculous and thought creme brulee was a great idea.  It was in fact a good idea, but there was no chance of finishing it.  The server was chatty, but not overbearing, and the food came with enough time that we made our flight back home.
4	Had dinner here not too long ago... Friday night on a busy Vegas weekend because Manny Pacquiao would beat Miguel Cotto the next night. Reservations at other restaurants/steakhouses were fully booked because of this... So we thought we'd try Switch @ Encore. Not too long of a walk from our room at the Wynn. Totally worth it.Complimentary dinner rolls and cheese bread were good. Chilled Fiji water at the ready was a nice touch. Service was very very good... We were celebrating 2 birthdays at our table so they accommodated us very well.For appetizers. We had kobe beef carpaccio which my friends MADE me try... Not bad. Thought I'd hate it but it wasn't bad at all. I know... I'm not worthy. Also had lobster bisque... Yum.I ordered the New York strip (9 oz.). It was excellent.. I'm no steak expert but it tasted great. I really enjoyed it... Too bad I couldnt finish it all up. Shoulda brought a bigger appetite with me. Other orders on our table were a couple of rib eyes (massive) and pepper encrusted new york strip (a special that night). We ordered 3 sides for our steaks. Creamed spinach, of course. Whipped potatoes, what else? And sauteed mushrooms. They were all real good. The 2 desserts we shared (complete with birthday candles) were the creme brulee and and a chocolate lava cake. The creme brulee was so good. The lava cake was also good. Overall, the experience I had at Switch was a really good one. I wish it wasnt tucked away in the back of the casino but Encore isnt totally done so we'll see what happens. The changing of the walls and ceiling every 30 mins or so was something else. Pretty cool.
5	The food is pricey, but it is well worth it! My sea bass was one of the best i've ever had! Great wines, great food, and great service. What more could you possibly ask for? Every 30 minutes or so the entire restaurant decor changes; ceilings, paintings, walls, everything! It was a wonderful dining experience and I recommend this place to everyone. We will definitely be back!
2	Switch has a very Vegasy gimmick with the room changing every twenty minutes, but that doesn't distract from the mediocre food. I had the taste of Wynn menu-Caeser salad, Lobster and scallop vol au vent, and Creme brule. The desert was good, but not memorable. The only thing unique about the salad was the crunchy parmesan cracker (for want of a better word) that came with it. Even on special, for the price we were paying, the lettuce should have been fresh without brown edges. I'll say the single scallop on top of the main dish was pretty darn good, but the little tart it sat on was almost inedible. Inside was a brown goo with some small bits of real lobster, but no lobster flavor whatsoever.My husband let me try a bite of his steak and potatoes au gratin. The potatoes were too heavy for even a big eater like him to finish half. And the steak itself was overcooked. The wine glaze was good-maybe a little too sweet, though.I'd say skip it.
4	One would say that this could really be three restaurants because their rooms change every twenty minutes. Either way, the food here is up to par with their decor. Both are impressive. Appetizer: Crab cake- Scrumptious crab cake topped with carrots and fried to perfection. Salad- We had regular, basic field greens with a basic balsamic vinaigrette. It is perfect to balance out the crab cake (because it is fried- duh.)Meal: Red Snapper- this was what took me into the sweet stairwell to heaven. Every bite was filled with a bang and each bite just brought more surprise as I ate throughout the dinner course. It is grilled then laid on top of a bed of tomatoes and onions. The sauce is tangy and zesty. PERFECT for a prized fish. Oh how I love thee, my red snapper friend. Sides: Yukon mashed potatoes- Golden, creamy, and whipped to perfection. Just how I love my mashed taterz. Creamed spinach- There was a sweet taste to it that made my palate jump to surprise. But it still was delicious. Creamy and sweet, what a weird mixture for spinach- but it worked. Dessert: Bananas foster- I was disappointed when it wasn't lit, but it tasted just as if I were in New Orleans. I could still taste the rum off of the bananas and it was pure bliss.Our server was knowledgeable and the staff was very friendly and treated us really well. Not snobby at all but very respectful!
4	We had a table of 7 and the service was GREAT.  I know that places have good days & bad, but it was a packed Saturday night and they were on top of it.  Yes, the scenery change  gets old and it is really not that amazing, but the idea can be improved upon...so who knows in the future what they "switch" in regards to the scenery.  The bread here is amazing and I thought the regular tap water actually tasted GOOD.  I hate paying for VOSS or whatever the current bottled water trend is, but their water tasted more than fine.  I got the sea bass (I know but I am not big on steak, but my fam is).  They said the bone in rib eye was superb.  For sides we got the mac n cheese, sweet potato fries, creamed spinach and the mashed potatoes... the creamed spinach was yum!   For dessert - the creme brulee was ok (has better at the Wynn Buffet) but the bananas foster was tasty without being too sweet.  I don't know what vanilla ice cream they used but it was top quality    Again, I am not big on steakhouses, but this place was fancy, the service was efficient and friendly (not snobby like Ruth Chris')  and the food was satisfying.  I'd go again for sure.
4	This place is very nice--and with it being very nice, the price is also "very nice." (pun intended)However, I did enjoy my experience here.  My gf took me here for my birthday dinner over valentine's day weekend, I had the bone-in ribeye (my usual selection of steak at restaurants, I might add), and she had a fish filet of some sort.I had the lobster bisque soup and my gf had the caesar salad.  From trying both, I liked the lobster bisque more than the salad.My bone-in ribeye was super delicious, it tasted at or around the same way the cowboy (bone-in) ribeyes at ruth's chris steakhouse tasted.  My gf's fish filet was cooked over some mushrooms that tasted even more delicious.  Plus my gf and I could not stop raving over the mashed potatoes.  We both agreed that the mash potatoes probably had more than twice the daily serving of butter in it in order to taste that good.And the sweet potato fries were extremely tasty, but after eating the entire ribeye, I could not finish the fries.  I'd suggest ordering only one sweet potato fries for at least two people because it's a huge serving.Anyway, I'm not giving it five stars because of the service.  We made reservations a week prior via open table, which were taken care of seamlessly, but our waiter was very stern and not very social at all.  I would understand if he was trying to give each of his tables privacy, but his demeanor made him seem a lot like a snob.
5	My husband and I dined here to start off my 30th birthday weekend. Absolutely lovely experience.We arrived a little before opening time (5pm LV time 7pm Chi time) because we were hungry. The bar located right outside the restaurant had the best bartender I've ever encountered in LV (I travel there a lot). He had great conversation, good suggestion for our wines, and assisted with getting us seated right away once the restaurant opened.A host came and got us in the casino to take us to our table. Our waiter was great with suggestions. It is called Switch because the room switches every 20 minutes. It was great to watch - something new.We ordered a tomato tart to start. It's no longer on the menu for some reason but really enjoyed it. I had the jidori chicken and my husband had the NY strip. Both cooked excellently. They knew it was my birthday so they had me choose a dessert the chocolate lava cake and brought it out with Happy Birthday scripted in chocolate on the plate. A true work of art that I took a picture of before enjoying. I'm a foodie when it comes to LV and like to go to the restaurants in LV due to the chefs. Chef Rene Lenger's menu at Switch was great and made the start to my birthday weekend fantastic. For those of you complaining about the price - the restaurant is located in Encore at the Wynn complex. Everything Mr. Wynn does or has in his hotels is pricey.
4	The greatest part about this place is why they call it "SWITCH". Well once you enter the room, you already know you have to be ready to dish out at least $20 just for some appetizers. We're talking about 5 star dining at the relatively new Encore at the Wynn Resort & Casino. So they call this place Switch because every 20 minutes the walls and, believe it or not, the ceiling change. Yup yup you read right, the theme of the entire restaurant changes. I'm not just talking about cheesy wallpaper rollers that just roll to show new pictures, but walls that actually overlap another wall, disappear and reappear, a ceiling that actually transforms before your eyes and folds to fully expose even more gigantic lamps and chandeliers. The music and lighting also changes according to theme. It's not really a negative but they only have three themes hence the change every 20 minutes to cover the hour. This is truly the most amazing part about this restaurant. Now for appetizers, I shared a $18 Caesar salad which actually is genuinely the greatest Caesar salad I have ever had in my life. They also provide you with their signature and complimentary sourdough bread and bacon and cheese biscuits, which are different and quite good. They're not great but the presentation is. Now for the steaks: My cousin had the New York Strip which was actually really juicy and tasty and that was $48. He also got a $10 side of "whipped" potatoes which is apparently different from mashed. Me being from the hood I was unfamiliar with the type lol. Anyway it was really good, but unfortunately not great... I had the Bone in Rib Eye and that was $52 and that was unfortunately dry because even though I asked for medium-well, it almost came out well so it wasn't as juicy as I would've liked. Honestly whenever I go to a restaurant, I always always always order the steak, even if I'm at Denny's or IHOP and honestly Switch's steaks weren't beyond those places as much as I expected for 5 star dining. Oh yeah and I ordered the Bacon and Mushroom crust which is $7 extra and it really isn't what you think... It's just this awkward greenish brown stuff that tastes nothing like bacon or mushroom with a nasty bean texture. There's nothing crusty about it. Aside from that a little complaint I had was that our drinks together came to a total of $9, but I guess that unfortunately comes with the 5 star rep. The service is excellent, all the waiters are most definitely on their "A" game constantly asking if we need anything else at a not so annoying rate, and they are very polite and helpful when it comes to the menu. They all know their stuff and that is a big big plus. From the drink menu to the actual menu they will take good care of you. All together I payed around $175... So in general, if you have extra money and you're willing to spend at least $40 for your steaks, $20 for appetizers, and $10 for regular soft drinks and sides, then eat at Switch. The price is considerably worth it considering service and environment. Again the food is good, but unfortunately not great.
4	Despite the high prices, I would have to say that I really enjoyed this place. Side dishes are well plated and have good portions. It may get a bit loud when the inner walls and ceiling changes. Don't freak out!
3	Food was good.  This place is impressive because of the moving walls.  Cool and fun to go to once.... But there is a lot of places in Vegas to try before I go back.
3	Had high expectations, and was kinda let down.  The whole gimmick of the decor was cute, but to be honest, the food should have been better for what we paid.  The service was excellent, and we got free desserts for birthdays/engagements.  If you are looking for steak, try somewhere else.
4	This plaec is cool, the walls change every so often. The food is good, but not AMAZING. It's a high qualty place, mr Wynn did a good job here. I went the first week it opened and they made me wear a jacket. Pissed me off. So i just took it off at the table. The hostess was hot so I obliged to her every request.Good spot to check out, but there are better places within Vegas and the Wynn
4	We came here after watching Le Reve...and wow! The walls and celings 'switched' every 20 minutes. Now about the food the crew all got steaks but due to restrictions...I had the Ahi Tuna. I could have eaten 3 tasty plates but the plating was great. My bf had the Bone-In Rib eye, Hubz ordered the Bone In NY and her hubz ordered 9 oz filet with the bacon mushroom crust (it smelled insane!)...oh yah! Everything was cooked to perfection! Problem: they put the crust on the wrong steak. Resolution: They gave us free dessert! I was joking about getting some of their  1200 Hardys Perfection (they'll share the history that justifies the 1200 price tag if you wish) but the waiter just asked if we'd like four (I'm sure he kept his cool but he was sweatin')! My hubs and I shared some molten lava cake while the bff and her hubz shared the Key Lime cheesecake. Will I return...oh yah...! Look out for an update
5	Lovely food, great service and interesting decor.  I'm totally a fan.Our waiter was great, and when he didn't have the knowledge of which wine would be best for us, he sent for the sommelier.  I like it when people are willing to had you off to the expert.  And the sommelier was an expert.  He recommended an awesome bottle of wine and we were thrilled with it.We began with the carpaccio, which was delicious.  Then I had the bone in filet, which was cooked to perfection, exactly medium rare and hot all the way through.  Awesome!  I had it crusted with black truffle, yum!  Mr. Mixer had a steak and a lobster tail.  The lobster tail actually had quite a bit of meat, which is getting harder and harder to find.  We had the house mac and cheese with it, which was also very good.The cool part about Switch is that the decor switches up every 20 minutes of so.  Very neat!
3	Another pretty decent steak restaurant on the strip, but not much more.As far as food is concerned, I felt that it was solid, but nothing to write home about, thus the 3 stars given the price which is obviously OVER priced.  I had the bone in rib eye which was perfectly cooked to medium rate with excellent flavor.  I had a piece of my friend's $125 (or something) 4 oz (real) Kobe beef steak and it was fantastic.  For a decent steak place, the decor could be good or bad, and for me, it was bad, real bad.  It looks like a loud, cheesy buffet restaurant on a cruise ship.  It may be good to take a friend from a small town USA, especially with the "switch" thing with the wall and everything, but it's pretty lame for a Vegas local.For a solid steak, I think I'd prefer to go to a more classy steak place like the Capitol Grille, Prime or Joe's Prime rather than a loud, people-watching kind of place like this or Nine.  BTW, Steve Wynn was sitting a few feet away from me.  I wouldn't go back if I had to pay for it myself.
4	Transformers!  More than meats the eye.  Switch is known for the way the walls change every 15-30 mins.  I kid u not.  Walls come out of the ground up, walls come from ceiling down, the ceiling transforms and the light fixtures change.  I'll have to admit while it does feel like a gimmick, that is one expensive ass gimmick.  Think about the motors and rotors and mechanics to make everything so fluid and change with the beat... On to the food, the more important part.  Summer truffle risotto.  Holy crap those pieces of truffle are large.  With  more mushrooms and sugar peas.  The texture rolls on the tongue and slides into the stomach.   Ribeye is tender and quite gigantic.  Scallops are fresh and bathed in a delightful sweet pea verjus sauce, topped with mushrooms corn and more peas.  The desserts are not to be missed either.  Picture perfect and perfect tasting donut holes and masterpieces of art.
4	Every time the husband and I go to Vegas we do what we call one super fancy pants meal and on our last visit Switch was it! When we arrived there was a middle eastern maraca theme. Then 30 minutes later the ceiling opens up the walls change the music changes and it honestly feels like you are in completely different restaurant. I would give them 100 stars on presentation alone. I have never had such a unique dining experience. Our waiter was also super helpful and recommended a few of his favorites. The husband being a pescetarian ordered the fish and I went straight for the kill and ordered their rib eye. We also ordered a side of cream spinach and mashed potatoes as well. We were completely stuffed by the end of the meal. I could hardly move! We like always found room for dessert and capped off the meal nicely. They have an amazing selection of beer and spectacular mixed drinks. I will definitely go back to this place next time I am in Vegas.
4	Me and my friends were starving and found this place through the list of restaurants that were in hotel. We made our reservation last minute on a Saturday night and the only tables they had were on the patio, which is right next to Surrender nightclub or Encore Beach Club during the day. The patio was pretty and the view of the nightclub and the pool at night was beautiful. We thought it was going to be cold but it wasn't cold at all. Our first waiter was really rude and condescending, I was simply trying to order for 3 people including myself because we all wanted the same entree. But, for some reason he got confused or pretended to be confused to make me feel stupid because there was nothing complicated about it. Then a friend was just asking for his opinion on what seafood to get and he goes ,"You mean you want fish?" He continued to repeat three times, like are you freakin retarded! Fish is part of the seafood family numb nuts. I got fed up with the waiter and as he walked by I said, "I'm going to yelp this!" So why would I give this place 4 stars if we had such a condescending waiter? Well because I guess the guy heard me and they switched our waiters to someone who was super nice and talkative. After our new waiter, we all calmed down and we were as happy as can be because the food was good and our waiter was nice! =) I had the chicken and it was really good, usually chicken is really dry and mine was really moist and flavorful! I tried some of my friends steak and it was also really good!Minus the d bag waiter we first had, the experience here was good!
2	I've wanted to eat here for a while now and was excited to finally get the chance to do so.  We made reservations last minute for a Sunday dinner, the restaurant wasn't too busy and we were seated within a few minutes of arriving.  The walls and ceiling change every 20 minutes and you feel like you're in a different restaurant, I have to hand it to them, very original and unique.  The menu is not long, a few entrees with the main focus being on steaks.  Both my husband and I ordered the filet, he chose the Blue Cheese topping and I chose no topping, we ordered a side of whipped potatoes and creamed spinach.  The food was okay,  nothing spectacular, in fact for a $55 steak I expected more, the taste was sort of weird to me and I didn't really enjoy it, I've had better steaks.  We didn't get dessert and after seeing the walls switch a few times decided we had enough and wanted to leave. Overall, cool experience, but the food was average and too pricey for the quality, I don't think I would go back.
3	The switch is entertaining, but the overall experience was not up to par for the price you pay.  Also, we still do not have a clue who was serving us our dinner.  One person took our drink order, a second person reluctantly answered questions about the menu, a third took our order, a fourth delivered the food, a fifth asked if we wanted dessert, and a sixth brought our check.  Most were unfriendly, which is definitely not what you expect from Steve Wynn's staff.We ate the sea bass, which my girlfriend gave 4-stars, and I had the filet mignon which was also worthy.  The starter salad with heirloom tomatoes was only ok, but the lobster bisque was pretty good.  I am glad the casino comped this one.  My best advice is to sit at the bar and watch the switch take place, then walk across the street and get the filet at The Palm.
5	Had the 14oz ny strip, grilled to perfection, ambience was nice and the sommelier was quite helpful in helping choose a bottle of vino.You can't beat a great italian place in the heart of gaslamp in sd
4	We heard not so good things about Switch but decided to give it a try and I'm really glad that we did. Everything was top notch from the service to the food and atmosphere. Maybe that's because Steve Wynn (the owner) was in the restaurant while we were having dinner, but I don't think that was it.The steaks are the highest quality meat and we tried a 9 oz. filet and a bone-in filet. Both we're melt in your mouth delicious. The waiter said the top two sides in his opinion were the spinach with truffle oil and the mac and cheese with Vermont White Cheddar. They did not disappoint.Oh, and they served a roasted garlic clove with the steak. The trick here is to eat each bite of steak with a bit of the roasted garlic. Oh my!Wine prices are sadly the normal way too high restaurant markup, but we had a lovely bottle of Golden Eye Pinot Noir.The "gimmick" at Switch is the ever changing scenery. Walls rise out of the floor, descend from the ceiling on the perimeters of the place and the ceiling in the middle folds out of the way to reveal a vaulted chamber with huge chandeliers. That's all cool, but really the reason to go here is for the food, which is excellent!
4	The decor was so cool and the atmosphere was great! I had the filet, which was supposed to be medium-well and came out medium, but was still very very good. Had the apple crisp for dessert and woudl also recommend that. Overall, a really great place for dinner, but extremely pricey. . .
4	fantastic!!
5	This was most certainly a 5 star dining option in Las Vegas.  We dined here this past weekend and I expected for a party of 4 to have a bill close to $500.  Now as I state the price- let me detail- 4 adults, 2 had one alcoholic beverage, 2 drank water.  1 appetizer for the table, 2 salads, 4 entrees and 3 "sides"- 3 coffees, 1 irish coffee, no dessert.  You have to expect the price when you dine at a place like this.  We started out with 3 people sharing the shrimp cocktail- HUGE tiger shrimp.  2 had the filet mignon, 1 had the bone-in rib eye and 1 had the ahi tuna.  All meals were cooked to perfection!   The only "sin" is that there is so much food and usually you are staying in a hotel room with a stocked mini-fridge with no room for leftovers.  I left 1/2 of my rib eye and was so disappointed that I couldn't take it with me!    My husband's Ahi was plentiful and so tender- it cut with his fork!   The sides were amazing!! We had the au gratin potatoes, macaroni and cheese and the creamed spinach.  Service was good and staff friendly.  The highlight of this place is the "switch" that takes place with the walls about every 20-30 minutes - the walls and ceiling change facades.  It's very cool!
3	While located in the luxurious Wynn, in my opinion, this steakhouse does not deliver the commensurate quality of seasoning and preparation needed to be an elite steakhouse.  The servings were a bit salty, and the meat a bit dry for me.  Salads were similarly lacklustre.Given the price, one would expect more... especially since much better options exist nearby!
4	Neat restaurant! Named Switch because the walls and thus the ambiance of the place switch every 20-30 minutes. Visually spectacular effect. The food was excellent as well although I did order the Monk Fish Medallions instead of steak, which Chef Lenger prepared to near perfection. The sugar snap peas with mushrooms were decent although I didn't detect much flavor to the dish. The bill (with a glass of wine) came to about $85. Not bad for such an upscale and beautiful place with excellent food and solid service.
4	To be honest, we only dined here because we could not get a reservation for SW. I can't say I'm sorry with our choice: my bone-in rib eye was tasty beyond belief (I only order a steak maybe three times a year, but I'm glad this was one of those times). The lobster bisque was also very good, as was the apple & cranberry crunch dessert. The Caesar salad was the only food choice that wasn't up to snuff.Drinks were very good (we had a dirty martini with more olives that I thought could fit into a martini glass, and a kamikaze). Service was a bit slow; despite the room only being about 2/3 full, we had to wait about five minutes from the time we were seated until our waiter approached our table.As for the "switch part," I found it a bit gimmicky. I think I was hoping for something a bit more radical; maybe they switched your orders with the table next to you, or you switch rolls with the busboy, or they serve you food that tries to eat you...really, there are many unexplored possibilities here.
5	Family dined here for NYE 2010 and we were so happy with our dining experience. The bone-in rib eye was the best steak I've ever had and I'm hungry just thinking about it. The bread and butter they served was also really delicious. I'm not a person who eats a lot of bread but I couldn't stop eating it. I don't know why people weren't pleased with this place because the food is top quality and the servers were very attentive. The "switch" is cute and just make the dining experience a little more fun than your typical dim steakhouse.
5	Dry aged steak was the best steak I have ever had. The wine might have made it taste better than it was...well plus the fact that it was my backlorrette party dinner also might have done it. Haha. But nothing but good taste memories.
3	Rating from 1 to 10, 10 being the best or very expensive.The place: 8 (beautiful, romantic, high class, very unique)The cleanliness: 9 (every thing feels like new, and maybe it was)The music: 5 (nothing that caught my ears)The service: 5 (need to be more friendly with more smiles)The food: 6 (nothing that make me go WOW or YUM)The drink: no comment, we had water and wine.The price: 8 (way too high for the taste and quality of the food)The result: not going back, unless I'm invited.
5	Why Steve Wynn needed two top flight steakhouses in a single resort is beyond me.  Makes choosing so hard and forces a comparison.SWITCH elevates steakhouse dining to an elegant affair.  Plate presentation is very modern; if you eat with your eyes, this place wins over SW.Prices are higher than SW.  The American kobe beef carpaccio is excellent.  It is served Italian style with a parsley pesto, porcini mushrooms, arugula, and Parmesan cheese.  YumI don't usually order seafood at a steak place but had to try the monk fish.  Wow.  Perfect.  The  micro herbs and horseradish just make the dish.The steaks are excellent.  The aging of the corn fed beef really brings out the beef flavors.  The dry aged new york strip is incredible.  Nutty with blue cheese notes.  The NY strip steak flight is also a must try.  You get to try all three offerings of SWITCH side by side.  Its like a mini beef tasting!  Its a lot of fun but recommend you share it.  Sides are more inventive than at SW.  The cauliflower gratin, woodland mushrooms, and switch ratatouille are all good choices and all pair well with the dry aged beef.Service is excellent.The wine selection is vast.  Prices are a little high by Vegas standards.Great restaurant.
4	One of the cooler places that I have ever eaten. It's not cheap though so be prepared for that. We spent $400 on four entrees, one bottle of wine and one lobster bisque. Every twenty minutes or so, the motif of the entire restaurant changes. The ceiling panels flip, the wall panels flip, the music changes, etc. It's very cool. It takes about two hours to totally cycle though. The sommellier was very helpful. If you're in the neighborhood and have some extra cash you should definitely try it out. The scallops were amazing.
1	Sadly, this restaurant has fallen on hard times.  I had celebrated my birthday 2 times before and this was the 3rd time. I was astonished that the restaurant felt the need to quadruple the price of their wines. Their famous seafood tower had many lemons in place of the seafood.  The waiter suggested their special $105 steak that could be shared. When the steak came it was full of gristle.  The manager tried to tell me it was marbling. You can't chew gristle and I knew it was gristle.  They argued with me and my mother.  They ruined my birthday celebration.  They never offered to get me another steak and they had the nerve to charge me for $55 for 3 thin slices of the steak!  I will never go back and I suggest you spend your money more wisely than I.  Even though I asked for the meal to be comped because they ruined my birthday celebration, the food and drink director would not even take my call.The Encore used to be full of beautiful flowers.  I always was excited to celebrate my birthdays in Las Vegas.  This was a horrible trip.
4	Only in Vegas can you eat at a restaurant where the ceilings and walls changes every 20 minutes! It was quite the experience. Music comes on and the whole restaurant dims as if a magic show was about to start. The decor changing wasn't anything spectacular, but it was entertaining for sure.This restaurant is definitely pricey, but that's what you can expect for dining at Encore. We started off with the grilled octopus which came with potatoes, olives, tomatoes, cured lemon oil. I was worried the octopus was going to be chewy, but it wasn't at all. The potatoes, lemon oil and tomatoes were a perfect compliment to this dish giving it a light and delicate taste. I also ordered the Hudson Valley foie gras that came with chesnut & cranberry cake and cranberry syrup. It was easily the best tasting foie gras dish I have ever had and would highly recommend it if you are a fan of foie gras. The chestnut & cranberry cake with cranberry syrup brightened up the foie gras. The flavors came together effortlessly and were truly divine.  For steaks, we ordered the dry aged New York Strip and bone-in Rib-Eye. The New York strip had a deep, beefy flavor. It was delicious. The Rib Eye was juicy and made to perfection! The steaks come with a roasted clove of garlic which had great flavor and complimented the steak very well. For sides, we shared the Yukon Gold Potato, Gratin Dauphinois and the Black Truffle Creamed Spinach. My favorite was the creamed spinach. You can definitely taste the black truffle in the spinach and it gave the dish an infusion of flavors.
5	We ate here in April of 2009 and were excited to go back during our recent visit in Dec. 2010. I was a little worried, though, by some of the recent Yelp reviews. After our visit, however, I just don't know what the recent reviewers are talking about. Switch was excellent and stood as one of the highlights from our three days of very fancy restaurant experiences.We both ordered fish, in this case the sea bass and the monkfish. I suppose this means some folks won't find the review interesting since the restaurant now claims to be a steakhouse.  But each of these seafood dishes were excellent.  And we started with the shrimp cocktail, which comprised three huge but very delicious shrimp and perfectly seasoned sauce.  Service was quite good, and we enjoyed the atmosphere (including the "changing" walls, etc.We didn't have time for dessert since we were heading to the Sinatra show down the hall (surprisingly good too!) but returned after the show to have dessert then.  My wife had the four sorbets, delivered in four tiny cones, which were quite good.  My pear-based dessert is difficult to describe but exquisite and delightful as well.We'd love to go back again.
5	Imagine a room where the window treatment changes and the ceiling reveals a new decoration right before your very eyes...well Switch Steak makes it all happen every 20 minutes! The music puts you in an interior design trance as the front wall goes up and down, the chandelier drops down from above the curtains, and the lighting provides a different mood...all while you take a bite of your juicy and succulent steak! I ordered the 28 day aged steak which tasted like a fine wine, aged to perfection. I also enjoyed the sides such as the Au gratin type potatoes, mac and cheese, and of course, the bread was good as well. Here's a tip, if you plan on going to the club, Surrender after your dinner here at Switch Steak, be prepared to spend a lot on alcohol because with steak in stomach, the alcohol buzz was hard to achieve. So if you want to switch it up and have some steak, then go to Switch Steak at the Encore and get those cameras ready!
4	Switch Steak. A steak house located inside Encore, right next to Surrender. Now this ain't your ordinary steakhouse. Afterall this is Vegas, and nothing in Vegas is ordinary. At Switch Steak, you get ever so timely environment changes (every 20 minutes) and fantastic food. I personally loved the decor, over the top vegas style! And every 20 minutes the lights will dim and dramatic music will play and the restaurant will literally change in front of your eyes. The ceiling changes or a new wall will come up....it's very impressive. The food here was excellent!! I ordered a 14 oz steak...medium rare and it was cooked perfectly: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=iU01tRSIP2nvA_rr008YuQSteak was about $56 and sides were 10 bucks a pop. But definitely worth every penny! My only complaint was the smell. It was subtle but lingered throughout the whole meal. At the end we figured out it was the leather placemats that were wiped with dirty rags...because it smelled like old dirty rags! Minus 1 star! I would definitely recommend this place for a special occasion or if you wanted a dramatic dinner. Just think of it as a transformers restaurant! Definitely more than meets the eye!
4	Love their steaks, and the sea salt that they top with itThe ambience is wonderful and somewhat over the top (in regards to the scenery switch every few minutes). The first time I had dinner there it was pretty exciting but once you frequent it, it becomes kind of tired, feel me? Always a fabulous/posh spot to have dinner at before a wild night at the clubs.
5	I am now a huge fan of Switch. This awesome steak and seafood house located in the Encore was one of the finest meals I have ever had in Las Vegas. It's also home to the largest wine list I have ever laid eyes on.Our server, Will was one of the main contributing factors to this as well as the amazing food and a restaurant ambiance that hasn't seen it's equal. Will was very patient with us as we looked over the menu. The level of quality service that he provided was astounding. He offered thorough explanations as well as suggestions on what we should try. We ended up ordering the lobster mac and cheese, green tea spiced ahi, and Montana bison. Yes, bison.-Vermont cheddar mac and cheese with Maine lobster: $18A very perfect portion of the best mac and cheese this stomach has ever digested. We both don't like mac and cheese but loved this one. The lobster portions in here were nicely cut and prepared. -Green tea spiced ahi tuna: $42This was served with lentils and endive. It was a HUGE cut of ahi. Very fresh and seared to perfection. The green tea added a nice dimension of flavor here. I've had a lot of seared ahi in my day but none like this. Amazing.-Montana bison rib eye : $48This was served with a very nice port wine sauce. It was cooked medium well and it remained juicy throughout. The bison was very lean and tasted very clean. It had no gamey taste at all. Very impressive.-Caramelized profiteroles : $12Think of these as very small cream puffs. I had never heard of this dessert before dining at Switch. The puffs were full of flavor and very light. It was the perfect way to end the meal. We didn't want to get bogged down at all: we had shopping to do.So why call this place Switch? Well every 20 minutes the restaurant itself transforms. Wall panels give way to one of three different types and even the ceiling opens up and recesses to give a different point of decor for the discerning customer. This was a very nice touch and although I knew it was going to happen ahead of time thanks to Yelp reviews, they can't really prepare you for the real deal. I had never seen anything like it before in my life.So thank you Switch, Will, and Montana bison for a culinary experience that will always be remembered.
5	I was very impressed with Switch.  No, not because of the gimmicky-yet-cool way the walls/lights/decor "switches" every 20 minutes (which is awesome), but because the food was perfect and delicious.Keeping this review simple, read the menu and trust that everything will come out perfectly.  A fantastic restaurant with great flavors, a wonderful menu and perfect execution.  I highly recommend the scallops and the vegetarian lasagna.  They were both incredible.  The wine selection is excellent.  I'm as particular as they come about tastes and preparation, and Switch is a can't miss.Fantastic place.
4	I'm working my way through the new vegan menus at Wynn and Encore, and Switch was a lovely stop on the journey.  I met up for dinner on a Monday night (surprisingly very busy!) with another vegan foodie friend and her very non-vegan husband. We started with some cocktails - she had the margarita (good, but nothing special) and I had the Ketel 1 Basil Gimlet ($12), which she was immediately jealous of.  This is a fine fine beverage, if a tad sweet.  The basil flavor really comes through and the drink is well-balanced.  We both had this on the next round!The vegan menu (see pictures) is included on the right flap of the menu, no need to specially request it!  We decided to split the Tofu Carpaccio appetizer, then also split the two vegan entrees, Ratatouille and Polenta with mushrooms.  The Tofu Carpaccio was really delicious.  Raw, thinly sliced tofu was topped with artichoke hearts, porcini mushrooms, shaved fennel and some ridiculously good sauces.  The sauces really shined in all of our dishes.The entrees were good, but pretty over priced for the small portion size and lack of high-end ingredients.  The ratatouille was very good, but the timbale was only about 3/4 c of food! And it was topped with almond slivers, which are tasty, but it would have been nice to get some pine nuts up in there for $28.  The polenta cake ($32) was also a fairly small portion, but came topped with several good-sized grilled royal trumpet mushrooms and a smoky, earth sauce that I wanted to lick off the plate.  The polenta itself was well-textured but slightly underseasoned.After the main course, I was hovering between a 3 and 4 star review, but dessert pushed it up to 4! We split the vegan brownie with raspberry sorbet and fresh raspberries ($12).  Whoa.  I wasn't sure after the first bite, but it just got better and better with every taste.  So good!(The hubs got a steak and mac n cheese, both of which he said were excellent, then the profiteroles for dessert.  Also a win.)I kind of like the gimmick of the environs changing every 20 min, although it does tend to stop the conversation dead for a second while you watch the show and adjust to the change.  All in all, it was a pretty great dining experience.  The service was also awesome and all of the servers seemed to understand and accommodate our vegan needs.  I would definitely return to try the remaining vegan items or give some new entrees a shot if they SWITCH up the menu a bit.  hahahahaha, I slay me.
5	Switch was not my first choice to plan a client dinner for 25 people...I had read great reviews on Yelp about another steakhouse in the same resort, but upon contacting them, they had a $4,000 minimum that you had to meet to book their private dining room.  I was pretty sure I was going to spend that anyway, but didn't want to be committed to it.  The event planner suggested that we try Switch, so I went ahead and booked it.When I started emailing clients, I got one rsvp back from a guy who declined, but said Switch was easily his favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Relief started to set in.  Boy was I glad I went with the recommendation!I did have to use one of the pre-determined menus due to the size of my party.  The food was excellent and they were accomodating about letting me make substitutions to the menu (although I will share that I thought their wine list was ridiculously overpriced.)The food was perfectly cooked, the service was excellent and the lobster mac & cheese was like a hug from Jesus!The ambiance was fantastic and they were playing great music when I was there.  I didn't realize it before I arrived, but the reason it got its name is because the walls and ceiling "switch" every 15-20 minutes.  It's really cool.This is a great place to entertain clients or have a romantic dinner.  Highly recommend!
1	Another instance where I wish I could give negative stars... Honestly our experience was so disconcerting I don't even remember how the food TASTED!!!Brief account of hands down the most expensive bad service I've ever received in a restaurant:Switch RestaurantArrived at concierge at Wynn approximately 8:30Attendant recommended switch over craftThey did not have available reservations at the moment unless we wanted to sit outside.We wanted to sit indoors so we opted for a 9:30 reservation instead.We arrived at switch at 9:10.I asked the hostess if it was possible for us to be seated earlier than our 9:30 reservations.She said to go ahead and be seated at the bar and they would get the table ready for us and get us shortly.We waited at the bar until 9:30 and then decided to check on our reservations again.We let a new hostess know that we were waiting on our 9:30 reservations. She said they would prepare the table right now and seat us shortly.After standing there for another ten minutes I approached the podium again to ask for status on our table.She said they were getting it ready right now.She helped more guests then she went looking around the restaurant.She came back and asked us to follow her.She proceeded to lead us outside.I explained to her that if we wanted to eat outside we would have been there an hour and a half ago.She sat us at a 6 person round table immediately and asked if it would be alright.Although the table was too large for any group conversation, we took it anyways to avoid having to wait any longer.Too bad since we then had to wait 20 minutes for anyone to acknowledge we were even there.We tried to flag down several people passing by but no one would even glance our way.Finally when the manager passed by for the third time, we had to get up from our table to get his attention.He brought us water and menus finally.We had to wait 10 minutes after putting our menus down for someone to take our order.We waited approximately 20 minutes before the waiter came back and asked if he could get us anything.We suggested some bread to help the wait.When they came with our food (3 out of 4 being steaks), it took 10 minutes before they brought out steak knives.We finished our meal and the waiter came by and apologized profusely for the lack of service on his part.For $250, I would have expected better service in the very least.We promise to avoid this place at all costs and will definitely stick to Craft.
2	insipid steak covered in vegas cheezeWins: octopus app. Fails: overcooked steak, kobe carpaccio.
3	While the food is good, you're really not paying for the food here but the atmosphere. My ahi tuna was delicious and there was really a lot of tuna...i could barely finish it. It was on a bed of lentils, and I usually don't like lentils but they were seasoned just right. The spice donuts weren't particularly impressive...but a good light dessert. I don't know that I would come here again...for the price, it's just not worth it. Scarpetta was much more impressive and only 1/2 the cost.
3	3- 3.5 stars. Nothing was bad from service to food and drinks but nothing was spectacular either. With the choices you have in Vegas, I don't think I go back but I'd eat here if it were in San Jose. Gosh San Jose sucks for food!
5	Amazing. Tip -- if you can't get into SW go here. Same menu and dare I say I think my steak was better here than the night we ate at SW. Delish!
4	I went for the environment. The restaurant changes about every 20 minutes which is just an incredible sight. The bone-in ribeye was recommended by the waiter and was very tasty served medium rare. The sliders were great as an appetizer, and for sides we ordered creamed spinach and ratatouille. Excellent choice! Plan on $75+/pp.
5	Nevermind the dramatic "switch"es in scenery.  Forget about the awesome pool view.  The speedy and attentive service can also take a back seat to the star of the show - Switch Steakhouse's scrump-dilly-umptious FOOD!  Admittedly, I chose Switch Steakhouse at Las Vegas' Encore Resort because of the restaurant's visual "wow factor".  Julius & I were in Vegas after all, and I wanted to be entertained!  So even with all its gawdy displays of excess (ain't nothin' wrong wit dat, we LOVED it!) the food wow'd us even more, if that's possible!  We started off with the octopus appetitizer -exquisite, super tender, and just heavenly (we even recommended it to diners at the next table, who thanked us profusely for doing so.)  For our entrees, Julius ordered a juicy NY steak, cooked to a perfect medium rare per his request.  I ordered the Alaskan Halibut - flaky, meaty, and unspoiled in its simplicity. If either of our dishes would have been overcooked in the least, our meals would've been ruined.  So props to the chefs - we watched enough Hell's Kitchen on TV to know how easy it is to overcook steak and fish lol.  For our side dish, we selected the sweet cippolini onions with spicy jalapeno - such a great compliment to both our meals.  I'm now going to dedicate a paragraph to the most ingenious dessert...the ice cream cones!  We had a choice of 4 flavors, so we picked the tart lemon-uzu sorbet (Julius' favorite), the flaky coconut, the rich chocolate, and my ultimate fave, the buttery popcorn (!)  And they were served to us on this cute ice cream stand, with a Happy Anniversary message (we were celebrating our 10 year wedding anniversary a couple of weeks early.)  Julius also ordered a yummy coffee liquor dessert too, because he's on this funny coffee trip right now lol. Switch definitely got us switching up our expectations.  We thought it was going to be all ambience, and the food would be just OK.  Au contraire, it was the other way around.  With the theatrical lighting, music, and walls + ceilings rotating in and out, the food still managed to be front and center.  As it should be!
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our experience at Switch.  The food was delicious and the changing of the decor was unusual and fun.  The wine sommelier visited our table and we found him to be friendly and informative.  Service was great.
4	great atmosphere! place was pretty impressive. loved the scenery change every 30 minutes. ordered the new york steak which was good. this place has a very large drink menu selection. ordered the guave mojito which was pretty decent. mac and cheese was delicious and so were the truffle fries. worth trying while you are in vegas.
3	I'm torn between giving Switch 3 or 4 stars, because I really want to say 3.5, but I'm going to err on the lower side for this one.Dining at Switch is an interesting experience and worth the novelty, but the entire concept of the restaurant switching it's designs and lighting every 20 or so many minutes is actually distracting and annoying after a while, because the dramatic music they play during the switch can drown out your dinner conversation.  I'm not exactly a fan, but it's interesting at the least.More importantly, the food had its high and low points.  In order of consumption: bread, good; guava mojito, probably the highest note of the entire meal...really good; butternut squash soup, good but standard; caesar salad, also good but standard; grilled octopus, plentiful but a little underwhelming; bone-in-ribeye, far outstripped my expectations by a whole lot and served alongside some curiously deliciously out of my mind unfathomable garlic heads that were so good we ate all of them; monkfish, also really good if a tiny bit salty...tasted like lobster; standard mac n cheese; the most god awful cauliflower mush I've ever tried to shove down my throat, which really surprised me after the hearty endorsement our waiter gave it; and finally for dessert a chocolate cake I can't even remember because it was so mediocre.The most important parts of this meal, the two entrees, were both very good and beyond my expectations, but the rest of the meal was sort of lackluster (barring the delicious mojito).  The entrees make me want to give Switch 4 stars, but the remembrance of that unacceptably disgusting cauliflower side and the sheer annoyance of the restaurant itself prevent me from doing so.
3	The food was fabulous, but the scenery changes were very disappointing.  My sister and I chose to dine at Switch Steak primarily for the dramatic room changes.  I guess our hopes were too high, as we expected something very Harry Potter-like.  The room changes happened, but the only things that moved were a wall and a ceiling, and the designs weren't very different each time.  Therefore, the experience was nowhere near as "magical" as we had hoped.   If you decide to go here only for the scenery, you may regret it.  But the food was AWESOME.
1	This place is nothing special. The atmosphere is nothing special, the steaks we had were not good, and the service was just ok. Really, the steaks were not even good? You would think they could get that right but they blew it. Octopus appetizer was very good and the black truffle spinach was memorable but I would never go back.
4	The Wynn has numerous restaurant choices and I decided to roll the dice on Switch Steakhouse. I had no idea that the scenery changed every 20 minutes. It was a clever trick that screams Vegas, baby! In an upscale, sophisticated way, I suppose. The walls rise up or are taken down, the ceiling flips closed or turns inward and opens. The music blares and the lights dim or brighten while the action is in progress. It's a fun little show. The food is overpriced, but what do you expect in the Wynn? I've read other reviews that speculated Switch has a 10-20% premium and I'd tend to agree. That said, I was lucky on this particular night and was seated quickly considering I arrived with no reservation. The wait staff was courteous and helpful. I decided to try the Bison Steak for my entree. I asked for medium rare and they delivered, slightly bloody as expected. The meat was lean and juicy. Not as juicy as a normal steak, but bison is different from beef and I expected as much. The fat content is far lower than normal beef. They also had a port glaze sauce which I enjoyed. As a side I ordered the potato gratin. The top was crispy, herbed and appropriately salted. The potato underneath was creamy and cooked just enough. The combination was delicious and satisfying. That day they had a Seafood Soup special that was comprised of a tomato based broth, shrimp, salmon and a few mussels. The broth was tasty and the seafood fresh. It had a nice balance and there was a surprising amount of salmon in the soup. I paired this with a nice bottle of Cakebread Chardonnay. All in all, it was a clever, fun environment with the "switches", the view of the pool area and the overall ambiance. I can't complain about the food because it was a nice meal, but somehow I was expecting more. The dishes didn't have the pop, pizazz or unexpected flavors or contrasts I'd expect from such a high end location. That said, it's a steak house. Not a gourmet fusion french/asian wonderland, so I should keep my expectations in check. However, what's the point of a review without a few nits to pick. I would recommend to steak fans in Vegas who are looking for a unique and fun atmosphere.
3	We decided to give Switch Steak a try when SW Steak was too busy to seat us for two hours. A short walk from SW to Wynn Encore and Switch was able to seat us in fifteen minutes.The tables are a little too close together for my tastes, as it almost seemed like we were having a double date with the couple beside us. It was evident to me that they were not having a good time, and argued for the first 15 minutes of their meal about whether to eat at Switch or go somewhere else. I wish they had gone somewhere else.I ordered a tuna carpaccio and the veal chop, with a side of grilled asparagus, while my wife ordered the mixed greens with a filet steak and a side of potatoes au-gratin. The sides were plentiful enough that one order of each was more than enough for the two of us.The food was very good, with especially high marks for the gratin of potatoes. My veal was flavourful and extremely tender, and the puree of parsnip was a really nice additional flavour.The ambiance was interesting, as the reason the restaurant is named "Switch" is that the ceiling, lights and one wall change every 20 - 30 minutes to create a different look. It doesn't really add to the dining experience, but it was a switch from the ordinary.
4	Stayed at the Encore over the July 4th weekend and decided to try Switch. Was hungry early so went around 6ish. Was seated at the window with a view of the pool where the DJ was keeping the guests outside pretty busy dancing and having a good time. Very entertaining... Our server was very good and never hovered or interruped us. My Ceasar salad was very good, maybe cause I was really hungry? HA! And my NY steak was perfect. A big hit was the scenary changes (switches?) during your dinner and is pretty amazing.  I'm sure I'll be back as I love staying at Encore and actually have never had a bad meal at any Wynn or Encore restaurant.
4	I don't mind spending $200+ for a dinner, but I expect a 1st class experience in return....Switch was good, but not excellent which I want in this price range. The bone-in ribeye was top notch, cooked perfectly and memorable. The wine selection was extensive, but I would have liked more selection on the lower end; there were 2 bottle of red available under $125. There are many, many steakhouses available in Las Vegas that are just as good (if not better) and significantly less expensive. I would recommend Capital Grille, DelMonico, or Gallagher's as other options
5	This was one amazing restaurant. The service was superb! Great food and appeared sophisticated. The restaurant had their walls change every 20 minutes in a 30sec show and I heard that the staff changes their outfits as well (although I didn't see it this time).Paid $200 for 2 people. Kind of expensive but well worth it if you're celebrating a special occasion.
3	I decided to give Switch a 3 but would have preferred a 3.5.  Food was really good.  Service was excellent.  Food was good, but not outstanding.  Loved the truffle creamed spinach and the blue cheese garlic crust that you can add to steaks.  The seafood tower was delicious, but I think presentation was a little cheesy.  The whole dry ice smoke thing is a little 70's.  Baby Gem Salad was wonderful.  Bone in filet which was the special was good, but needed a little more flavor.  Would I go back again.  I don't think so.  I've been to some great steak houses in town with comparable prices.  For the quality and ambiance, I think it was a bit overpriced.  The atmosphere doesn't give the feeling of fine dining steak house.  It feels a bit more casual which to me doesn't translate in price.  The decor changes where fun, but not much more than that.
1	We had reservations for 14 for a bachelor party that was planned out weeks ahead of time. Reservations were also made early on. We show up in our suits to find out that the entire restaurant has been booked and they didn't even bother to call us to tell us about it. Just let us show up expecting to have a table.  We stood there like dumbasses, not knowing what to do next. It was total bs. You would think a place like this would have the right mind to call if you cancel their reservation. Lucky for us, one of the guys in the group is a local and managed to get us a table at another steakhouse in the casino. We ended up late to all our planned events for the evening because of this issue.  Just a warning to anyone that tries to make reservations here. If it is an important dinner or a special dinner. DO NOT make reservations here. You never know when they will just book out the entire restaurant or give your table away to someone they believe to be more worthy.  They could care less about how important your you dinner is.  I would hate to be the couple that wanted to get engaged there and ended up not having a table on arrival. On a side note, we probably spent a little over 3k at the other restaurant (botero).
3	Maybe I've been spoiled by working on cruise ships and enjoying 5 course meals for a whopping $20.  In this time I've learned a lot about food and was excited to take my girlfriend to Switch.  We got in at 6:30 which may have been a bad idea because it's very early... too early for vegas standard... We were seated, and the waiter was very attentive and referred to me by Mr. ....  He hovered a little bit but being as there were so few people, I didn't mind.  He had a good product knowledge as well.  We got in and ordered within 10 minutes and had our food delivered literally within about 8 minutes after that. Too soon. Great food though... I don't mind paying prices like that considering it IS in the Encore, and it IS on the strip... so no big deal... successful early 20's couple,  appreciates a good meal, but HERE was the big problem....  We couldn't even TRY to extend our meal over an hour... we were in at 6:30, out at 7:45 after desert... and in that time, the place switched twice... every half hour, but the ceiling was a) either broken, or b) they don't change it that early in the night.... so basically the whole reason was to see this dramatic switch, the music GOT SUPER LOUDDDD... ANDD!!!!!  A LITTLE WALL ROSE FROM THE SIDE WALL... AND A HALF HOUR LATERRR!!!!! THE WALLL WENT BACK DOWN!!!!It was good food... again... 45 bucks a plate for a place that is supposed to give you an 'experience' and is on the strip and in the encore seems reasonable.... but we just didn't get the experience. :(I don't NOT recommend this place, I think it's great, as long as the cieling is working....
4	Great crab legs and great wine selection
2	Hubby and I went here with family on our most recent trip to Las Vegas. We got recommended the restaurant by family friends who live in Vegas. We started out with the cold seafood starter. It was DELISH. Oysters, crab legs, tuna tartare, HUUUGE prawns it goes on and on. Very, very tasty, and the sole reason for the 2 stars.For dinner I had the petite filet, hubby had the NY strip. Both of us agreed that the outside of our steak was burnt and crispy, but the inside was cooked well. We had the twice baked potato & creamy mash sides. I was unimpressed with both of them. I have had much, much better.I also was unimpressed with the "switch" of the room. I think they could have gone all out with the walls. While it is quite neat that the walls do switch, I found the overall decoration of them unexciting. It was ok for a one time only experience but I won't be going back.
4	Great food!  We enjoyed a cheese plate, the NY strip and filet mignon, potatoes gratin, mushrooms, as well as a bottle of wine and cheesecake. Everything was delicious!  It is pricy and I wasn't that impressed with the "switch" but it was entertaining.
4	Good food, but a bit overpriced. Excellent service. Every 45min the restaurant 'switches' its decor with theme music and electronic mechanisms that move the walls and ceiling. We all thought it was very Disney-esque - which is either a very good or very bad thing.
5	I am confused by the mixed reviews.  This steakhouse competes with the best of them!  It was one of the best meals I'd ever had, especially with the filet with the added blue cheese crust.  YUM.  The ambience is cool but unfortunately for us, the roof portion was under maintenance when we went.  Wah.
2	Very disappointing and over-priced. We got to the restaurant about 30 min early so we were told we could wait at the bar. I ordered a bellini and my husband ordered a vodka redbull (with house vodka - which was skyy). 17 dollars for his drink!!!!!!! RIDICULOUS!!!!! We got seated and it took our waitress about 20 min to acknowledge us. She took our drink order and it took about another 15 min to get the drinks (which funny enough, were lower in price than at their bar). We ordered the shrimp cocktail as an appetizer, which was the only positive experience dinning at this restaurant. The shrimp were huge and yummy! I ordered the surf and turf open faced sandwich and my husband ordered the scallops. For over a $300 dinner, I would think that the lobster wouldn't be brittle-dry. It was disgusting! The steak that accompanied my entree was cooked correctly but luke warm. My husband's scallops were gritty and extremely salty. Added to the crappy meal, the ceiling was broken so the only thing that "switched" were the walls. Our waitress had a huge section therefore taking forever to get anything we ordered or needed. I have no problem paying a lot of money for a great dinner, but when it sucks...it's disappointing - especially in Vegas. Over priced mediocre food is what you will get if you decide to dine at Switch. Just a suggestion - you and your money should go somewhere else.
4	Great service, fresh oyster, steak slight well done but good flavor, white truffle pasta nicely done but a bit salty.   did I mention great servie
4	I've been to Switch quite a few times and it's one of my go to places for steak in Las Vegas. First I must say that the service is great and i've been here enough times that I also know many of the GMs here (which also helps with my service). The theme at Switch is pretty entertaining and for first timers that I have brought here, they are impressed with it. Now for the food - their signature steak is the 20 oz bone-in rib eye. I am huge fan of bone-in rib eyes and this one is definitely one of the better ones that I have had. Switch definitely allows the steak to shine with only a touch of salt and pepper and then grilled and charred with just the right temperature. They also give you a side of roasted garlic that goes with the steak that is just great (if you are a garlic fan). The sides - mac and cheese, creamed spinach, black truffle risotto, caesar salad or the chopped salad. All of the sides are great and definitely enough to share. The desserts - i've had a few of them including the profiteroles and the various pies/cakes. Most are good, but by the time we got to dessert, we are usually so stuffed from all of the food. I suggest sharing a steak if you want to make it to dessert.
5	Had dinner at Switch for the first time in July. Loved it so much just went back again. It's nice to get the hint of a show with the restaurant walls and ceiling changing every 30 minutes. The music change between the 'switch' and the return to dining was noticeable, but hey--you also get to watch all the beautiful people dancing outside at Encore Beach Club on a nice day. The risotto special with black truffle was decadent and well-prepared. The wine list is excellent, and Todd the Sommelier does an amazing job of taking care of guests. The bone-in ribeye was one of the juiciest steaks we've ever had. Reminiscent of a great Tuscan steak while dining in Siena. The filet was on par with the best cuts I've had at Prime and Bourbon Steak. Vermont Mac and Cheese is a must. My only regret is not saving room for the Switch chocolate tower. We come to Vegas about four times a year, and I can honestly say that the team at Switch took better care of us than most restaurants we've dined at in Sin City. No pretension. And the steaks are great.
5	Excellent food and wine, very attentive service, nice atmoshere.   Add this to your Las Vegas experience......the memory will give you a good reason to come back........ENJOY
4	I just dined at Switch tonight with work associates. Overall the experience was exciting and fabulous. The only downer was our waiter who never seemed pleased with any request or order. Nothing seemed good enough. Huge bummer!Overall the food and wine was fabulous!
4	This place was fantastic. Great service, great food, and awesome decor.
1	I went to Switch last friday and good food poisoning from this restaurant. Be careful here.  It ruined my weekend as I was throwing up all weekend.   Not only was the bone-in rib chop which they recommended mediocre, but the hotel's response to this fiasco was unbelievabe.  I was shocked that they not only didn't comp my meal or room, but told me that because I didn't want to go see a doctor in Las Vegas, spending my weekend at the ER, that I could have gotten the flu as well and so they were not responsible.  I am sure that this is the case, considering I was fine until I went to dinner and both my girlfriend and I threw up after the meal and were both sick all weekend.  I would never go back to this place or Encore again after the way we were treated.  I am disgusted with both this restaurant and the hotel.
4	Very nicely decorated restaurant.  And the multiple walls decor is pretty unique (the wall actually switches to different motif during your dining, hence the name SWITCH).  The steak was EXCELLENT, perfectly cooked to medium rare.  One of the best steak I  had recently.  The only complain that I have is that it was a little loud for this type of restaurant.  But you can't be too picky since it's Vegas after all and people tend to drink here, including me.  If you stay at the Encore, this is the place I would recommend for a good steak.  Be prepare to dole out some $$$.
2	I cam here with a group of people for my birthday, and I would say it was the worst meal i had in vegas. the food was far too heavy- some of it was decently good, but most of it was just too thick and heavy. I don't eat red meat, so I probably should not have gone to a steakhouse for my birthday. None of us liked the food, the service was mediocre. The decor was great though, as was the location.
4	Really enjoyed the steak i got and loved the novelty of the restaurant! BEST SERVICE I HAVE GOTTEN ON THE STRIP, PEROID! Wine selection is also pretty good
4	This place is really fun to eat at.  Every half hour, music comes on and the walls and ceilings change.  It's pretty cool and makes for an entertaining dinner.  The service was ok.  I ordered the veal chop and it came with pesto on top.  It actually reminded me more of lamb than veal but it was still good and the portion was a LOT bigger than I had expected.  We all had a great time and I would bring others back here.
5	My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Switch. It is a beautiful  restaurant with such gracious staff.  The food and wine were delicious . We ordered the bone in rib eye steak and shared side dishes. We chose the mac and cheese and asparagus. The Mac and cheese is the best ever! I was celebrating my birthday and had a beautiful birthday bananas foster over ice cream. The presentation was lovely with a candle and HBD written in chocolate on the plate. We had a great time at Switch And would highly recommend dining there when in Vegas.
3	Service was very average.   They ran me out of beer.  Food was just all right. Too many other choices in Vegas to eat here.  The Switch thing seems more Disney or Wisconsin Dells.  It doesn't overcome the average food.
4	I have to admit that it is hard to find chilean sea bass on any menu so the fact that this restaurant served it already gave it a few steps ahead of their counterparts.  The fish was cooked nicely and my husband's steak was also cooked to the right temp.  The food was up to par to what I expect for an expensive meal.  To be honest you can probably get the same steak for cheaper.. it is after all Vegas.  But sea bass is tougher to come by.8.50 for fiji water? Ouch.  my soda was cheaper... go figure.The service was nice.  And the waiter even left us alone to enjoy "the switch" because he knew thats what we came for.You don't need to stay too long to see all the switches.  **spoiler alert:  There are two ceiling switches and three wall switches.  The switch happens on the minute every half hour.  This is good to know so you won't prolong your dinner in hopes of seeing something new.  You can even try to make the reservation a few minutes before the switch to maximize what you get to see**
3	The Vegasy gimmick walls were fun, the steak was delicious, and the service was impeccable.So why 3?  Compared to other high-end steakhouses, it's just okay.  First off, the selection of steaks is very small.  For a steakhouse, I would expect a broader variety of cuts.  There are only 5 selections including 2 New York strips (one aged) and 1 bison steak. Second, the Cesar salad.  Insipid.  Bland.  Watery.  I'm glad I went for the experience, but I'll be eating steak elsewhere on my next visit.
2	Really - at these prices everything should not only be perfect, but service should be over the top.  It isn't.
5	Vince was a life saver.We stayed at this hotel back in Feb. I am a vegan and this is the only hotel that I know of that has any vegan options. The food was great and the drinks were awesome. However when it came time for coffee I asked for a Soy Cappuccino. Vince informed me they didn't have soy. I asked if there were any vegan "milk" options. He said no but that he was going to check. I probably made a sad face and then decided not to have anything. Then he, or his manager or someone ran to a different restaurant or storage room or magical place that wasn't SWITCH, and got me soy milk. I was so impressed. i've worked in the food service industry for a while and I can tell you right now, i wouldn't have done what he did.:)YOU RULE
3	I really wanted to love Switch, but...I didn't.It's decent enough, but for price it should be a little better than decent.The staff is awesomely friendly so I will say nothing negative about them.  The food was just meh.  That is really hard for me to say because I have never had a meal at Encore/Wynn that was anything less than awesome.  However, maybe it was just what I ordered...I ordered a vegan dish.  I am not vegan, but I was just not in the mood for steak.  The rest of the party ordered steak and one of them raved it was the best steak they had ever had while the other 2 simply said it was good/decent.Also, I think I hyped the wall changes up a bit too much in my head.  They weren't all that impressive.  It was kind of like a ride a Disney that is ready to be retired.I would probably give Switch another try simply due to my love for Encore/Wynn, but I will be hesitant to recommend it.
3	I love this place! I love the ambiance and i love the presentation and the service.. i gave it a 3 star because the food was not as great as the restaurant itself. The food selection wasnt as great and it was a bit pricey. I know what good taste like, but i was not too impress at all with the food. I must say the staff is wonderful great service, this is a great place to socialize and bring guests but do not count on getting a good selection on foods.. I would still recommend eating here if your one of those people that like to check restaurants off their list like myself. Would I go back? Probably not, maybe if someone invites me i would.
5	This have been the best food/ service restaurant I have ever been to. My friend and I were so happy with the service. They gladly helped us select a wine bottle. And the food. OMG! It was just amazing.. The bone-in steak was delicious with the roasted garlic and the wiped potatoes. Amazing! Also, the change of scenery was just awesome.. I really enjoyed this place and would recommended it to everyone.
3	This place has a pretty unique design. So the restaurant is called switch because the whole restaurant wall switches to different themes or decorations every 20 min or something like that. It was quite beautiful inside. The beef carrpacio was pretty amazing. Main entree was some white fish and steak but was not too memorable. I think i liked the fish more than the steak. Their chocolate lava cake is phenomenal. It was so moist and light yum. Great place for a date or just a night for dinner.
5	The restaurant that broke my year long veganism. The 20 oz steak... was divine. :-)
5	Some Of the Best Steaks I've had, Ever !! and I love to eat Cows ! Eating Cows is a daily routine for me ! although the whole Switch thing can get a bit annoying if your there for quite a while, Which we were. Either way the food was awesome. I brought my boyfriend here for dinner on his Vegas birthday weekend and i did not regret it.  +1 because we managed to get a table without a reservation on a Friday night.
5	Wow!  Very Vegasy!  The decor in the dining room changes throughout the meal!  Neat!  Great food!!
1	This restaurant is permanently closed as of 2/11/13. Andreas has replaced this location.
