5	I love this place! There Topperstix are amazing and you have to try there Buffalo Chicken Topper pizza, it's out of this world! They are also open till 3:30am so when hunger hits, this is the place to call!!
1	First time trying toppers pizza, will never try again. Extremely greasy, the pizza smelled like burning plastic and tasted like chemicals. Not good at all.
1	Closes early repeatedly. If its an evening with nothing else open, not cool. Guy inside listening to loud bg music. All lights on, before closing time, open neon glowing. Me at door: starving, cold, and now no hope for food in madison; unless someone opens a steak 'n shake, waffle house, etc. Seriously, why is it near impossible to get food here? The gyro sandwich I previously had sucked. Bread wad hard and stale. Phone# is longwinded & unhelpful, no option to leave message for main office. Not going to this slice o' somethin again.
3	Note: I am only giving this franchise establishment three stars as a rule I have for chains.I'm from the Dallas area and had never heard of Topper's until a trip to Madison. After spending the night getting hammered downtown until 2:00 a.m., I was in need of sustenance. I was staying at a hotel in Sun Prairie and everything there shuts down at 10. IHOP(E. Washington location) was packed and McDonald's didn't really sound appealing. Saw that Topper's is open until 3 and I figured "what the hell". I ordered a large 3 topping pizza special that included an order of Topperstix. The fella taking my order was friendly and patient, considering I had about 3 gallons of Long Island ice tea in me, and he suggested the taco Topperstix. Total was just shy of $20. I get back to my hotel room and dive into a damn good pie. The crust had good chew, the toppings tasted fresh and were plentiful and there was plenty of cheese and sauce. What I really enjoyed was the taco Toppersitx. They were way better than I thought they would be and complimented the pizza nicely. If you're in the need for a quick meal, Topper's is a good bet in my opinion.
3	We've ordered here twice before now.  The first time the pizza was amazing.  The second time, not so much.  Seems like there is a big variance depending on who is behind the counter.  Also, the thin crust is pretty bad.  The normal crust is good.  So, if you are looking to save some carb calories, this probably isn't the best.  The Toppers Sticks were great both times.  The second time they forgot one of our little sauce packets.  This place is a lot like Papa Johns but cleaner and has cheese sticks rather than regular bread/garlic sticks.
2	The people in my family are pretty serious about pizza.  They have it for dinner, and assuming there is any left over, it's gone by breakfast.  Not so with Toppers.  Everyone said "meh, it's ok."  Overall, it took them three days to finish off the leftovers of two small 9 inch pizzas, and that was with me kind of pushing it on them.   I was shocked!  I don't think we'll be going back any time soon, not with so many other better choices around.
