1	My Mom and I wanted to try this new Nail Salon since it close to home. We walk in and no greeting but asked "What we were here for?" from the room next door. Probably the worst Customer Service I have experienced in a Nail Salon. We then heard from another customer and she had expressed how bad her pedicure looked. After hearing that comment we left to the Salon about a mile away.
4	Went in to get a bad nail job fixed. They did a great job & were very friendly. My nails look great.
1	We moved to Mesa from Chicago about 6 months ago and have been trying to find a good nail salon ever since.  We've been to 5 or 6 salons that were just ok, so we never went back and are still on our search.  Got mani's at this place yesterday and it was the WORST!  Thank goodness we skipped the pedi's.  My husbands mani was actually painfull!  Mine was just inept.  They actually did the "hand massage" after I was polished.   They took forever and barely did more that poke at my cuticles :(. I've never felt the NEED to post s negative review, but honestly don't waste your time or money here.  The search continues....
1	AWFUL!!!!!   They should create a negative star system just for this place!  giving them a one star is an insult to all the awful one star places out there that are doing so much better than this place!!!!! They cut my nails so short on a manicure that they physically hurt when she was buffing my nails cause I'm a guy I don't get polish she was buffing not just the Nail but the skin above the nail to the point where the next day I am still sore.  And they had the nerve to charge me five dollars more than my wife manicure because I got a buff even though she had a polish which she said hers was the worst manicure she ever had as well but at least they didn't cut it so short on her that she hurts.
1	Thought I would give them a try since usually go to the shop at Walmart (only reason I go to Walmart)...and was the worst Pedi I've ever had,, don't think this lady was ever train to do this...it was quick .. and as someone already said she barely poke my cuticles.... grrrr....  if I wanted this could have done it myself and save me some money,,, will never go back...
5	Mia is so wonderful and funny I will never go Anywhere else for my nails! She is so friendly and the prices are competitive as well! Plus they do body wraps eyebrow waxing facials! Great service!
