4	This is the first weekend that Ocean Prime was open for business in the new City North. The restaurant and bar were packed, but they sure had enough people working there to make sure you had a great experience.  They start you off there with a very different, yet interesting relish tray with veggies,crackers, and a cream cheese dip along with a basket of freshly baked hot bread.We spent some time looking at the menu because there is definitely a variety of foods to choose from.  We started off with the calamari for an appetizer even though the salads looked great. The flavor was great due to the spicy/orange sauce that they cook it in.  As for the entree, I ended up getting the sea bass. It stated on the menu that it came with glazed carrots so I opted not to get one of the interesting potato or veggie sides. This is a heads up for all of you...the carrots were only a garnish on the plate, so make sure you order a side item along with those 5 specialty items because the veggies that it says it comes with are more of a garnish.  The sea bass had a very good flavor, however, I like my fish to come steaming hot and I would say that it was more luke warm and a little bit chewy for me. My husband got the salt and pepper tuna and really enjoyed his entree. I don't know how all of you feel about room temperature red wine, but my husband and I enjoy our red wine chilled. The bottles there and the glasses of red are not chilled. However, our very friendly waitress told us that under our name in the computer they took a note saying that we like our red wine chilled so the next time that we make reservations they will ask us beforehand if we want the wine chilled so it is ready for us when we come in for dinner which was a nice little perk.Overall, I give Ocean Prime 4 stars because the food was tasty, the selection of foods on the menu was great, and the ambiance was excellent. A lot of these restaurants are so loud that you have to yell to the person next to you. You could definitely hear in there.  I will definitely go back and try something different on the menu.
4	I am so in love...of course minus one thing of course.  I will never be fully satisfied it seems.I went to Ocean Prime for my birthday a couple of weeks ago.  I had a reservation for 5 and the service from the start was awesome.  We were in one of the rooms, so we couldn't hear any of the noise from the bar.  The place is well lit and easy to have a conversation with my friends.They started us off with a veggie and relish tray, which I have to say I fell in love with the the cream cheese dip that they had.  And their bread was AMAZING!!!  I ordered the Chop Chop salad which was divine.  My friend Jen had the same thing and just loved it.  We also both ordered a Greyhound (Vodka and Grapefruit) and I loved the fact that the bartender actually squeezed the actual grapefruit.  I now am ruined from any other Greyhound.My other friends ordered French Onion Soup...that looked so yummy, I wished I ordered it. (They both said it was great)  My one friend also ordered the Ravioli and the other two shared the surf and turf appetizer...all said was wonderful.The only two setbacks that made me not give this place five stars is when our food was served.  Rayna told the waiter French Onion soup first...but was then given the Raviolis.  And when my friends asked the waiter to bring out a candle for my Carrot Cake...somebody else brought it out for us....minus the candle.  (And for the first time tasting Carrot Cake...not bad!!!)I will back again though....so I can have some French Onion soup with a Greyhound.
4	I recently dined here with a friend and had a great experience! I love places that bring out bread right when you come in, so that was a great plus and a great start. We ordered one salad for both of us and they brought it out for us on separate plates already - so that was nice. I had the crusted trout and it was pretty good. I can't say it was divine, but I did enjoy it. The sauce that came with it was extremely good. I liked the service and how attentive the staff was. Although at one point I had 3 people ask me (within a matter of minutes) if they could take my plate...but I wasn't done with my food yet. That was kind of annoying...but no biggie. Ok...are you ready for the best part? The best part is that they make all their ice-cream and desserts in-house! We order the Alaskan something (forgot official name) and the peanut butter/chocolate thing. OMG! I can come back here everyday and eat just the dessert. The ice-cream that came inside the Alaskan thing was raspberry with chocolate chunks. The last time I had something similar was in Cincinnati, OH and I'm so excited to have found it in AZ. Overall great experience and we'll be back!
5	Excellent! I got the 10oz. filet and it was cooked perfectly at medium rare. The rib eye was also very good. My dad got the crab bisque and he said that it was excellent. Someone else got the Chilean Sea Bass...which they said was VERY good. The jalapeno au gratin potatoes are fantastic. The corn was also a very good side too. The appetizers were also good. A few in our party got the oysters and they were very good. As for desserts, my wife got the creme brulee and she said it was the best she has had. We also ordered the peanut butter/chocolate pie which was excellent. The food is on par with Mastro's and Ruths Chris. Overall, the service was excellent.
5	This is the best Seafood restaurant I have ever eaten in. I have to say it is not my kind of place. Very Scottsdale. But Man they know how to cook. I had a Special Shrimp dish of the night that was much better than expected and a very nice portion. The Calamari was 1000 times better than any other I have had. I am not a big fan usually, but this was different. It was not fried but pan cooked and even people that didn't like Seafood tried it and loved it. The Wedge Salad was good. We shared the Mac & Cheese, Mashed Potatoes and Peas. I felt the sides were the only things that could stand some improvement. I had one of the tasty Mojitos and some Yummy Creme Brulee for desert. I am super glad this place is far away because I would want to go all the time. It is a bit pricy, but I felt it was worth it. The servers were really cool. Not uptight at all. The only thing I hated was they have rest room attendants. Maybe it is just me, but come on. I should not have to feel guilty for not tipping someone just for handing me a towel that I could have easily gotten for my self. I have little respect for businesses that do that.
4	Ok when you first go in, they seem a bit snooty at the front desk and the girls have a tendency of only giving attention to the guy your with (sorry but thats the truth).  That usually irks me right off the bat because they have no idea it might be ME thats actually paying the bill and leaving them the tip.We usually like to skip main dining room and head right over to the bar side -- much more fun.  We usually get a high top there and start with a round of Cucumber Gimlets - but made with vodka not gin.  OMG - these are the best drinks EVER.  We usually order a calamari - which has a spicy sweet brown sauce with it and is wonderful.  We then usually split an entree and a couple of side items and our choice is the bone-in filet all the time.  The meat is prepared beautifully and the taste is awesome.  Their truffle mac and cheese is something my husband dreams about (when he's not dreaming about me, of course... 8)   And their double baked potatoes are really yummy.   If you have room for dessert, try the baked alaska - its hog heaven for those of you that like ice cream.  The portions at this place are huge so sharing is recommended.We really do love this place.  Just ignore the girls at the front door and have a couple of gimlets.  Everyone just seems nicer after that...
4	Only had a short time & wanted a good drink on a nice patio after shopping desert ridge (and did NOT want any of the places there).So, went staight to the patio bar - bar is sexy & posh & elegant.  Patio quite nice, even though only a few feet from street - not busy so it was fine).  Cool sofas to relax in & the ambiance of the glass fire pits were neat.BEST martini with fresh fruit & champange - shaken at the table - luv that.(FYI - this place is very pricey, just be warned! (not sure I'l lbe back for $$$$$ dinner).  But i would definatley stop in again for a tini (or 2).
4	We went to Ocean Prime the other night and it was delicious.  I don't know if it was worth the money but it was definitely good.  The setting is as attractive as any restaurant I can remember, with classical contemporary decor and a very cool display of alcohol bottles in the bar.I was in a party of seven and the prevalent dish was the bone-in filet.  We had heard it was better than the steakhouses in Chicago.  Well I'm from Chicago, and trust me, you get a better (and bigger) bone-in filet at Joe's.  But it was still a delicious steak.  The sides were terrific and the salads were good too.  But those prices!  Wow, value is not this restaurant's strong suit.About the only other thing I'll add is the service was below average, a concern considering what the prices were like.  Our server tried hard but he was too slow and didn't get our order right.
4	Wow.  I really wanted to give this restaurant five stars.  I did.  Really.  But I just can't.  I'll explain why at the bottom.  First off, the decor is lovely.  The wait staff was just the right amount of attentive, without being intrusive.  The location is excellent, and the parking attendents were spot on.  When I say the location is excellent, I guess that is my bias being from the north end of town.  The little shopping enclave this is located in is very upscale, and was prettily sparkling when we were there on Wednesday.  I had the filet, with bearnaise sauce, while my wife had the blackened swordfish.  Both were excellent.  The swordfish was actually better than my steak, and my steak was excellent.  The espresso was first rate, and the chocolate creation my wife had for dessert she raved about.  I think it was called chocolate passion.  Their wine list is quite good (we had the White Star, which of course was, well White Star).  This is not an inexpensive dinner, but neither was it at the upper end either.  (for 2, with the champagne, was $240 with tip).  Now, the reason for the 4 stars.  First, the appetizer: shrimp cocktail.  3 incredibly large shrimp in perfect cocktail sauce.  But the shrimp were a tad chewy.  Then there was my steak, which was delicious, it just wasn't cooked as I had asked.  I had asked for medium, but got medium rare.  I don't mind medium rare, and it was delicious, just not what I asked for.  And lastly, there was no escargot on the menu.  That's pretty much a staple for a top notch restaurant in my book.
4	My wife and I we're at Spphire Mrtini down the street and decided to go for dinner. We went to Oean Prime on a lark. We wound up sitting in the bar which was very comfortable and they serve the full menu. Te bar had great ambiance with some good guitar and even people dancing at some point in the evening. We started off by ordering some cocktails. My wife had the Berry and Bbbles and I had the Mojitowhich had some berry action as well. The cocktails we're superb. Our server Carrie was a doll and very attentive without being intrusive. We started off with the seafood tower. The quality of the oysters we're by far the best and the lobster was okay. In the future I would just order the oysters. We also shared an order of the sweet Chili calamari which was excellent and I strongly recommend it. For dinner I had the bone in fillet, and my wife had the Australian lobster tail. My steak was cooked to perfection and a light to eat. We also orderedhe jalapeno gratin potatoes and the truffle mac & cheese. The truffle mac and cheese was great. The Au gratin potatoes need more flavoring for my book. Desert was equally delightful and we sampled the key lime pie and the sorbets. All in all a great date night for any couple with a casual feeling. The design of the restaurant is fantastic and you can go wrong for dinner or just drinks. Plenty of flat panel TV's if you want to enjoy a game in the bar as well.
4	Nice - very nice. Beautiful decor and an atmosphere that is upscale without being stuffy. The Saturday night I was there, the dining room was full and the bar was doing a brisk business. We had a reservation, and were seated promptly (yay!). Our server was great - attentive but not overwhelming, and very knowledgeable about the menu. The wine list was extensive but not so large as to be an encyclopedia that takes forever to review. After selecting wine, we started out by splitting the house salad - divided between two people it was just enough and a good start to the meal. I had that evening's special - halibut served with mushrooms and asparagus. The fish was prepared perfectly - flaky and moist, and the vegetables and sauce went really well together. My mom had the sea bass, which she loved - ate every bite - hey, I didn't even get a taste!! We also had a side of asparagus with some of the best hollandaise sauce I have ever enjoyed. We were too full to try dessert (darn!) so I just have to go back very soon...
4	We arrived before the rest of our party and they offered to seat us anyway. We opted to go to the bar. We sat at the bar and had a glass of wine and a whiskey while we waited. We ended up ordering the deviled egg appetizer as i had heard it was really good. It was pretty tasty but not the best i have ever had. For a Wednesday night, the bar area had people in it, but not too many. There were two guys playing acoustic guitar songs with great voices. They really added a lot to the experience. In fact, once we were seated, the live music was also playing by speaker in the main dining room! Anyway, the bartender was pretty and very nice. She was polite but not too chatty which was good. We were seated immediately once the rest of our party arrived. We were one of 5 or 6 tables seated in the main dining room. The server was good. He made some excellent recommendations about side dishes. we got the jalapeno au gratin potatoes and the corn. Both were delicious!!! I would definitely order them again. I don't really care for spicy food so I was a bit nervous about the potatoes but they were perfect. I ordered the Halibut (which was a little tiny bit dry) but the amazing sauce it came with more than made up for it! My boyfriend ordered the sea bass which was also excellent. Another guest at our table ordered the summer special - a salad, filet or salmon, and any dessert for $35. Considering my meal was $34 for the fish alone, this was a great offer. We finished off the meal with the Alaskan Bake (it was OK) and the peach sorbet (which i loved!). All in all, we enjoyed ourselves and would definitely come back here again. Maybe I will try a steak next time!
3	We had our first visit to Ocean Prime on Saturday night.  Celebrating our 6th wedding anniversary we wanted to try somewhere new PLUS it was AZ Restuarant Week and who could resist the $58/couple dinner when normally an entree-no sides-cost $31!  We often visit other places like Ocean Prime such as Flemmings, City Hall & Mastros but in all honesty I like those places MUCH better.The hostess greeted us in a friendly manner and when I told her our name she said "Happy Anniversary" (thanks opentable.com) We arrived about 45 minutes for our reservation and they said it would be closer to our reservation time before we sat down but we could have a seat in the lounge.  Fine with us.  The lounge was nice-they have a gentleman playing a piano (and electric guitar) and I thought that was a nice touch.  We each ordered a glass of wine and chatted.  A few minutes later a gentelman (Walter) came and informed us that they had a table for us.  We proceeded to follow him back thru the entry into the dining room.  He stopped and apologized and said "Well I thought we had a table but it appears not.  Please wait here for a moment."  So there we stood with our glasses of wine in the lobby.  Not really a big deal since it only took another minute and he found us a table.  I had asked for a more private table since the dining room is a little loud but instead we were seated right smack in the the middle of the dining room.  We sat down and the "dining assistant" came over and filled our water glasses, told us his name and said he'd bring us fresh bread while we waited for our server-David.David arrived about 5 minutes later and asked if we needed any drinks-we had full glasses of wine.  And then said he'd go get us some fresh bread and allow us a few minutes to look over the menu.  David came back about 10 minutes later and took our order-no bread in hand and the dining assistant seemed to have disappeared.  Order was taken and off David went.  Another 7-10 minutes when by, no bread no one asking if we needed anything.  We snagged David and asked if he could bring out the bread and while my husband was speaking to him David turned and scurried off.  We didn't appreciate his dismissivness at all.  He was getting on our nerves.Bread and salads came.  Ceasar salad was a little lemony for my taste but still pretty good.  Hubby had an empty glass of water for about 15 minutes now and another waiter happily accomodated hubbys request for more water. Walter happened to walk by and we flat out asked for a new waiter.  Here came David with our meals so we didn't get the opportunity to fully explain to Walter the issue.  Shortly after a nice, PERSONABLE gentleman named Frank came by and informed us he would be taking care of us from then on.  He was great-attentive, knowledgeable and tried to turn our experience around.Which he did.  Since the menu was fixed but I wasn't crazy about the desserts offered I asked if I could make a change and he let me-had the Warm Chocolate Cake and it was AMAZING!  Our 7 oz filets were also very good as well as the asparagus with Hollindase sauce.Frank did an excellent job and I thank him for being such a great waiter!  Also thanks to Walter for getting us a new server so promptly.  However, they do only get 3 stars because of our initial experience AND for the fact that they knew it was our anniversary and I felt like they could've done a little more to make our experience a little better.By the way, the decor is great.  In the future, I think if having the option to go to OP, Flemmings, City Hall or Mastros, OP would be last on my list.
3	Finally, I made it to Ocean Prime...I'd been wanting to try it for months, and Saturday night it finally happened.  We couldn't get a reservation since it was Restaurant Week, but we took our chances and found the perfect spot at the bar.  Natalie, the bartender / server was awesome... I'd go back again and again to hang with here at the beautiful bar if only it wasn't so pricey or if the food was deserving of the prices... not exactly the case.Jared went for the three course Restaurant Week menu.  For $29, he had their house salad, a 7 oz filet, and sorbet for dessert.  I didn't find anything on that menu quite as appealing as the Chilean Sea Bass off the regular menu, so I splurged and went for that despite the $32 price tag.  I also ordered a side of steamed broccoli for $8.We were offered fresh bread but declined it... our wedding is just a few weeks away, so no need for extra carbs!Jared's salad came out pretty quickly and he shared a few bites with me - we were off to a good start - we cleaned the salad plate!  Next up, Jared's filet arrived with my side of broccoli.  The server who delivered it put both plates in front of Jared and said "anything else I can get you?"  We both answered at the same time "just my (her) sea bass."  He then went to check on it.Ten minutes later, my sea bass came out.  It looked good but when I went to cut into it, it was tough.  Now, I've had my fair share of sea bass - it's my favorite fish.  I've never had tough sea bass before.  Needless to say, we sent it back.Just as Jared finished his meal and we finished the broccoli together, the GM, Walter, came by to apologize.  He told us they were preparing a fresh piece of sea bass for me.When he asked if he could bring me anything else, I said sure... (I really wanted to try the glazed carrots).  It was awhile, but my new sea bass came out awhile later, as did the glazed carrots - and both were tasty.  Not amazing, but good.  Lucky for us, they ended up comping my sea bass and carrots.  Jared's lemon sorbet was served after I finished up... it was a generous two scoops.So, what would have cost around $100 on a typical night was half the price due to the *off* sea bass.  Would I do it again for full price?  Probably not... but if someone else is footing the bill, sure - I'll give OP another shot.
4	Oh so close to 5 stars...but not quite there.  My wife and I had reservations on a Friday night as we expected OP to be very busy.  Well, the restaurant was never half full.  One of the reasons for the one star reduction was that they had several open booths but, even with reservations, seated us at a table near the kitchen in the middle of everything.  We were there 2 hours and two booths were never used.  Guess maybe they actually were waiting for Sophia Loren or Sammy Davis Jr. to show up...and I thought those tags on the table were only a joke...silly me!Based on taste alone, easily 5 stars.  The She Crab Bisque was flavored perfectly and had a nice small crab fritter in the middle.  The corn was sweet, crunchy, and fresh.  The only problem was it was served barely warm..almost cool.  For main courses my wife had blackened swordfish and I had Lobster Tail with Truffle Butter.  The lobster was amazing.  Perfectly cooked, tender, sweet and covered with orgasmic truffle butter.  They claim everything on the menu is a 9oz portion, but the lobster tail did seem a bit small.  Could just be I wanted more it was so good or it just looked so lonely presented alone on such a big plate.  My wife adores swordfish but doesn't get it often with all the controversy these days.  She is happy she used the opportunity here to have it.  Perfectly blackened and very moist.  The spices were just right...so many times blackened items can be over spiced.  I'm not a big fish-fish eater but would order this anytime.  We split a side of Truffled Mac and Cheese.  OMG...I would love to make an entire meal out of this guilty pleasure sometime.  Even if it means not being able to walk for days.  The server told me a lot of the employees get there early so they can eat a bowl of it before work.  For dessert (like we should have even attempted at this point) we shared the monstrously huge Baked Alaska.  This too was fantastic.  It is made with Vanilla, Chocolate, and Black Raspberry ice cream they make there, sitting in chocolate and raspberry sauces, and covered with beautifully torched meringue.  It could easily have fed three or four.  The coffee is individually pressed at the table.  Very nice presentation but the coffee itself was quite bitter.In terms of service our waitress was very friendly but a bit slow to check back.  I believe she was fairly new as she had to think a bit to describe the special and other dishes.  But, she had a great smile and was very nice so not a problem.Bottom line, this is a great seafood restaurant that I can't wait to go back to!
4	Ok, this place started off with a major ace-in-the-hole.... we are really big fans of the Cameron Mitchell restaurants.  We've been to most of the different Mitchells concepts around Columbus and enjoyed them all.  In fact, I would put Columbus Fish Market among my all time favs.To have a Mitcell's restarant in the neighborhood here in Phoenix was simply AWESOME!!!!We went in and felt like we just walked into a South Beach place (ok, mountains instead of beach, but work with me). We loved it.  The greeting and wait staff were very friendly and attentive.Then came the menu.  A bit more limited than what I remember from other places, but no biggy, there are still lots of decisions to be made.I opted for salmon, wife the crabscakes.Everytthing was good, but not expcetional, and in the end didn't feel like a good value for the money, thus the missing star (almost 2 missing ones, but I couldn't bring myself to do it).  I'll give it a shot again, but I'm in no hurry to go back.  Sadly, my search for great non-sushi fish in Phoenix continues...
5	Ok, right off the bat I'll concede the steaks are quite as good as Mastro's (Ocean Club or City Hall) but they're damn close, and combined with the rest of the menu and the service its a better overall experience.  The food is GREAT, especially the shrimp with cream sauce (I forget the exact name, but its featured on the menu).  The steaks are well marbled, not overly seasoned and perfectly cooked, and my wife says the fish is terrific as well.  The bar pours real drinks and the waitstaff knows how to serve them.  My biggest problem with many of the best steak places in town is the vibe they give off that "you're just lucky to be here".  Not so at OP, rather it feels like they've been waiting for your party to arrive all night, which sounds cheesy I know.  Definitely a favorite.
4	I have a friend in Florida who loves to cook, and she makes the best blue crab bisque in the world.  If she were to meet me in Phoenix, I would take her to Ocean Prime.We had a party of ten here a few months ago.  Everything off the menu was wonderful.  From the calamari and tuna tartare, to the colossal shrimp appetizer and the side dishes, we enjoyed a beautifully prepared meal.  Oh yes, the entrees were excellent, too.  I shared the seabass with a co-worker; we both thought it was very good.  Oh yes, we sampled several of the desserts, too.  The chocolate peanut butter pie was a huge hit for all of us (and we were all from around the country).  Oh yes, and then there were the drinks...the Cloud 9 martini started at one end of the table and ended up being served many times over until everyone at the table had their own one or two -- or three.The servers were nice and handled our group (jokes and all) with aplomb.  It was a memorable meal with a memorable group of people.  As other Yelpers have mentioned, Ocean Prime has an impressive, modern interior with a an upscale bar area and very cool outdoor seating.  Guys, a perfect place to bring a special someone.
4	Service was outstanding from the hostess to the waiter to the bus guys.  The food was wonderful...except I don't get the mac and cheese - it's mac and cheese - that's all. For an $11 side, I'd skip next time.  I'd also be careful of their wine list - very high and not as good a list of wines as the prices would suggest (Souverain Sauvignon Blanc retails for $14-16 per bottle, FGS).BUT, the food was wonderful - everything done properly and nicely plated.  Good experience.
3	Not impressed with the food here.  Nothing spectacular about this place.  Steak was not prepared to tempature and service is medicore at best....Tried it twice but not super impressed both time.
4	I walk into this place and WOW, I'm impressed with the styling. It's swank, sleek and modern. I was there for a corporate meal in one of their private rooms. That room was also very sexy with really cool lighting and a wavy wall design that I liked. The food was good. Some appetizer munchies like calamari that was done right, a crab stuffed thingy which was really good, and an icebery wedge with delicious bacon bits and bleu cheese crumbles. I had a steak for an entree. It was perfectly cooked and had very good flavor. My bernaise sauce on the side was also very good. Why not 5 stars? The price. Much like Ocean Club and Mastros, this place charges huge prices for what you get. I have no problem plunking down $100/person (not including wine) if I feel that I am getting something truly memorable. (see my review of Posh). But the $20/per person premium over what I pay at Eddie V's for the exact same quality food isn't justified. Ocean Prime's food and ambiance are superb. So are many other places in this economy competing for my dollars and they cost less. Sorry, but I will stick with Eddie V's, Flemings, Roy's, etc.
5	I don't think there's a better seafood or steak place in the city. If you're undecided on what to try, consider... Any size fillet, oscar style Chilean sea bass Salt and pepper tuna Diver scallops Pair anything with the mac and cheese or mushrooms.  Sides are meant to be shared Start with tuna tartar or fondue, and end with the peanut butter pie OP's wine list is very nice, but I think everyone should try a pinefin on the rocks at some point.
5	Prime Seafood and Steak? Oh yes land locked Arizonians, Ocean Prime's got both. This establishment brings the ocean to us desert dwellers with some tasty steak to boot. Decor - Bright neon blue lighting and modern clean lined architecture make up the interior. Ocean Prime screams class and sophistication. It's a swanky spot. The illuminated bar and wine cellar are both gorgeous, I want them in my home! Matt and I sat out on the intimate and dimly lit patio since it wasn't too uncomfortably hot outside. I also noticed that they had an outdoor fireplace for those cooler winter days. The tables throughout the interior and exterior looked comfortably well spaced. In the bar they had a musician performing live acoustic music, and I thought it was cool that they set up their speaker system so that the live music played throughout the entire restaurant.Service - Upon arrival we received a happy and welcome greeting from the hostess. We were extremely well taken care of by our waitress the entire time, and also liked that the restaurant didn't mind our double fisting drinking style (when we go out, we'll generally order cocktails and a bottle of wine - sometimes waiters snicker at our booze hounding ways).Food - I'm a San Francisco Seafood Snob. So if a desert seafood restaurant WOWs me, I'm floored. From the Restaurant Week menu, I picked the salad and salmon, Matt picked the French onion soup and filet mignon with bacon, we both decided on the 10-layer carrot cake for dessert. My salad included some tasty candied walnuts, and I appreciated the fact that it consisted of spinach instead of lame iceberg lettuce. That salmon I ordered must have swum right on to my place it was so fresh, flaky and meaty in taste. Topped with bread crumbs and surrounded by crisp snap peas in a soy butter sauce, this fish was top notch. Matt raved about his French onion soup, saying that the broth with onions at the bottom tasted flavorful and rich, the middle layer's crusty bread soaked up that tasty broth and the top layer of cheese was thick and perfectly browned to perfection. The fact that he downed an entire bowl of hot soup while sitting on a patio in warm Arizona weather speaks for itself!Then there was that filet mignon that Matt ordered. Oh my goooodness! I am not a meat person by any means, but I tasted his filet and wow. I mean WOW! It melted in my mouth. That was one prime piece of meat.The towering carrot cake was outstanding. Layer upon layer of the richest carrot cake I've ever tasted. It didn't have that yucky overwhelming carrot taste through, more like a subtle hit of it. However, it was the cream cheese frosting that made this cake so special - a creamy, buttery and sugary delight!Another prime favorite of mine was the mojito they shook up. It met all of my mojito drinking requirements - muddled perfectly, bubbly, not too sweet, refreshing and very minty. This is a prime spot for all you fellow land locked seafood and steak lovers out there. Ocean prime goes above and beyond to provide a well rounded 5 star dining experience. Once my bank account recovers from the pricey bill, I can't wait to go back.
2	Let me preface this review by saying that it is hard for me to give any Cameroon Mitchell restaurant a bad review since it used to be the standard of creativity and perfection I grew up on and loved. I lived in Columbus and Cap City was one of my favorite spots to date. I even had my wedding rehearsal dinner at The Fish Market (before he sold it to Ruth Chris). I love Cameroon Mitchell restaurants and when I heard that one was coming to the valley my husband and I were thrilled! We went a week after opening and since it was a while ago I can't give you specific details but I remember that that calamari was made exactly the way it was made at Cap city which was fantastic! We did have issues with our server taking over a half our to bring our soup. The carrot cake was also very similar to Cap City and since it was always my favorite, I was in heaven. I wasn't thrilled with that visit due to the long looooong wait for our soup then meals but I chalked it up to being a new restaurant. We hadn't been back in a while (due to distance) so we tried to make reservations for New Years Eve. They were booked so no biggie we decided to go on Sunday instead. I've never been more disappointed in my food expectations! The calamari had changed completely. It was not terrible but not what I wanted (candied cashews?) and our entrees were sub par. My Sea bass tasted like it was seasoned with Lowery's season salt and was undercooked. My husbands swordfish was OK but again.... not what we were expecting after eating at The Fish Market for years. I love sweet potato fries and ours were soggy. I have had better ones ones at Outback, Le Chatlet, and at Arrowhead Grill. Maybe it was crappy because all the chiefs were hung over from new years day? I couldn't really say but for $130 bill for an app, a side, and 2 entrees that were very blan I would go elsewhere! As for the Cameroon Mitchell chain... looks like I will have to fly back to Columbus to enjoy the perfection.
5	This place... is EXCELLENT. I am generally not all that impressed with steak houses - I feel like I can make a mean steak at home and sides are all pretty similar (au-gratin potatoes, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach...) So... what made this place so cool to me? I usually order crab cakes as an appetizer and am nearly always disappointed (I have been to Maryland... nothing compares!) This place was different though! Sure it wasn't as good as a Baltimore, but it was better then everything else I have had outside of there!!!
5	I truly enjoyed this great ambiance and the food was full of flavor. The service was over the top and that was what I expected when I we walked in the door. The staff was very friendly and attentive. If you are looking for a classy place to dine with that special someone or entertain clients this is the place. The only issue was when I tried to check in on Yelp it said I was to far away. LOL
4	It was my parent's 27th anniversary so my mom asked if my hubby & I would like to join them for dinner, of course we would! Typically my parents would go to Outback or Olive Garden but I asked if we could please switch it up & my mom told me to pick a place. I had received a postcard from Ocean Prime for $25 off & thought why not? It must have been meant to be because my mom got one too & said she was thinking about trying it out also. I called & made reservations for Saturday the 26th at 7pm. The place was packed when we arrived, literally every table was filled. The design was very sleek & modern, with neon blue lighting. We were seated at a table near the bar & Rebecca was our server, she was awesome! Fresh bread & butter were immediately brought out, yummy. We started off with the colossal shrimp cocktail & half order of oysters. My hubby & I shared the shrimp cocktail, 3 HUGE pieces of shrimp with dry ice underneath, very cool & very tasty. My parents shared the oysters & loved them. My dad is a scotch man so he ordered a couple johnnie walker's with club soda. I am a vodka girl so I decided to try the berries & bubbles cocktail. OMG was this cocktail delicious, the pieces of fruit & dry ice sent it over the top, I loved it so much I had 2. My hubby went with the tequila cocktail & thought it was just ok, I knew he should have stuck with his usual captain & coke. On to the entrees. My dad ordered the 7oz filet mignon (med-rare), my mom ordered the salt n pepper tuna (WELL DONE! WTF, WHO DOES THAT? I TOLD HER NOT TO BUT SHE INSISTED, UGH.), my hubby ordered the sea scallops & I ordered the twin lobster tails. For sides we all shared the sauteed wild mushrooms & jumbo asparagus with hollandaise. We all sampled each others entrees & everything was amazing, except my mom's tuna since she ruined it by ordering it well freakin done, but my lobster tails were the crowd favorite. Both side dishes were delicious as well. We were all so full but decided to get dessert since we were celebrating. We chose the chocolate peanut butter pie. Damn was it good, somehow we all managed to make room & had to keep ourselves from licking the plate clean. I brought that $25 off postcard I mentioned earlier & so did my mom. I thought they wouldn't except both at one table, but since we were paying with 2 cards they let us use 1 on each card, awesome! So with the promotional $50 off our total came to about $230 (not including tip). A tad overpriced, (which is why I only gave 4 stars) so I don't see us coming often, but we all thoroughly enjoyed our dinner so for a special occasion it's worth the splurge!
3	I have been eating here since it opened.  The decor is stunning: the most elegant restaurant on High Street.  The back-lit bar is beautiful. We had Bloody Mary martinis to kick off the evening--perfectly made. The food is mixed--you will want to carefully select your fish items.  The crab cakes are world class.  Generous to a fault.  The one star on the menu.  The calamari was soggy: over-sauced in a spicy Asian medley of veggies and chili.  The shell fish salad was chock full of lobster and crab but not well integrated: the bleu cheese and egg and lettuce was coursely chopped and the dressing did little to elevate it.
2	Yuck.  Go to Maestro's instead, it's the real deal.
4	Very upscale decor and big room for lots of folks to drink and eat in.  The food was good, but all we had were appetizers and drinks late at night..but they were yummy.Some really good R&B entertainment when they have it, so try and book during that time.  Set a great mood for the place with the mellow sound coming from the group.
4	First time here, thanks to restaurant week, and it won't be my last!Ocean Prime is a white modern looking structure with blue neon lights.We sat out on the patio which has a beautiful fireplace and the architecture of the patio ceiling is really neat. They incorporated two circles into the ceiling to allow the palm trees to grow through. The patio door and wall is all glass and looks as though it can be slid off to the side to open up the restaurant when the weather gets cooler. The bar at the back is neatly lit with all the liquor bottles and I did see a separate area labeled "blu lounge" that must be their sports bar section cause 2 different TV's were seen, however I did not venture back there so the "sports bar" description may be inaccurate. Our server, Kristin, was very welcoming and quick with service. I started out with a candied walnut salad with goat cheese that was delicious and my friend got the Caesar salad which she enjoyed because she said the flavor wasn't over powering. My entree was the filet mignon that I asked to be cooked medium rare and WOW, did they do an amazing job. It was by far one of the best filet's I have every eaten, it just melting in my mouth. My friend ordered the crab encrusted talipia that was equally as delicious. We split the brown sugar glazed carrots as a side, need I say more? We both ended up with the creme brulee and both savored in the sweet goodness and thickest layer of caramelized sugar coating I have every seen (but greatly appreciated).The only negative I have to mention is that the patio chairs are wood and thus super uncomfortable (my right buttcheek went numb at one point), but it was well worth the tastiness I experienced.  Ocean Prime is an upscale dining restaurant and I will be returning, but only for those special occasions due to my unfortunately limited wallet size :)
4	it's restaurant week in phoenix, and some friends invited me to join them at ocean prime. since i LOVE fresh seafood, i was looking forward to checking this place out. the atmosphere was very upscale, lots of tables, all in all an enjoyable decor. outside dining is also available. my 3 friends all took advantage of the 40 dollar menu. among the choice were a house or caeser salad, crab crusted tilapia, petite filet mignon, and ginger salmon. tilapia is a farmed fish, salmon has become quite pedestrian and has never been a favorite and i do not order steak at a seafood place. the waitress did mention the special. and i turned out to be my favorite fish, alaskan halibut, with crabmeat and asparagus. but the fish was the price of the whole deal my friends were getting., 40 bux. but you only live once and i ordered the dish, after finishing patti's caeser salad. i also opted for the gigantic shrimp coctail. 3 shrimp but they were enourmous and perfectly cooked with a very nice spicy horseradish based sauce.  also enjoyed a cocktail with berries that was delicious if again a bit pricy at 14 bux. i almost skipped dessert,..the other three had to have creme brulee, which is almost like tiramasu, in that it is the stereotypical dessert. had my share of both by the time the millenium began. so i had a peanut butter mouse with dark chocolate ganache. it was too sweet for me, but i can see where others, especially reeses peanut butter cup freaks, would love it. check with tip came out to 130 dollars...a bit steep, cosidering my friends paid a whole lot less. but  this is one of the better seafood places in town...and if someone wants to take me out, i will gladly go back.. lol.
3	9/19/11Came in for Ocean Prime's $40 Restaurant Week deal.  I've never been to OP, but I went in thinking I'd try the seafood.  However, after looking over my very limited choices (two seafood choices, $24 to $27, and steak), and at the suggestion of the server, I ordered the filet mignon ($32) , w/ the first course of side salad.  I arrived at around 15 minutes to 7p, but by the time I was seated by a host, served water, offered food and wine menus, greeted by the bartender, and then met my server, it was just past 7p, and I'd missed happy hour, which ended at 7p.  I was told that I could order happy hour apps at the discounted rate, but not the drinks.  I decided to forgo apps and alcohol and ordered my meal.I really liked the atmosphere at the lounge area (dinner seating next to the bar), even though it was a little too dark for my liking.  I felt that the room should've been a little smaller to match the intimate setting, but whatever.  Besides two couples, a lone diner, and me, the room was empty.  Outdoor seating looked inviting.  As I started to relax in this dark space, I decided to try the Strawberry Smash, realizing just minutes before receiving my table check that the drink would not be offered at the happy hour price of $7!  At $12, it was just a tad pricey, but considering the atmosphere, it was not bad.  (Honestly, I was expecting a lot worse!)  I'd definitely come back for happy hour!I was getting hungry, and it was almost 7:30p, so I asked if complimentary bread was offered (yes!) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tSJTbxhAO1tJMSdeTCiZwg?select=7_-HKOKCU89N1xGIymWorg.  The sourdough roll that appeared seemed a bit too small, but again, whatever.  It had a nice bite, and it came w/ whipped butter.  My cocktail http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tSJTbxhAO1tJMSdeTCiZwg?select=ZJNXrNmhMWUDKJU5PJzC2A was simply delicious!  Just sweet and tart enough for me not to notice the potency of the alcohol within- perfect!  Side salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tSJTbxhAO1tJMSdeTCiZwg?select=c0OWt3dKEA311b6sPgy-DA was nicely portioned, and tasted great.  Loved the combo of goat cheese, tiny bits of walnuts, and tart Granny Smith apples.  Had to forgo the mustard vinaigrette due to an allergy, but the sweet house dressing (wine-based w/ "lots of sugar") was good, if not a bit too sweet.  A taste of this dressing was enough.  The filet mignon (medium temp.) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tSJTbxhAO1tJMSdeTCiZwg?select=_zUDU5iVZaQWfXp_Im1s5w was tiny, but cooked to perfection!  The roasted garlic was buttery and potent and complemented the potatoes.  However, I would never pay $32 for a 5 oz. steak, with only the roasted garlic on the side!  Never!  Last, I had the creme bruleehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tSJTbxhAO1tJMSdeTCiZwg?select=WucqsiKbTkzmz7X2huxBxg w/ berries.  I really enjoyed this dessert!  Very creamy and perfect in its texture, and the berries meshed nicely against the vanilla custard.  I'd have liked a bit more berries, so I stole the drunken strawberry from my cocktail and had it with a scoop of the brulee... ahh!!  My one complaint w/ the sweet dish?  The sugar coating was VERY thick!  It had to be about a quarter of an inch thick!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tSJTbxhAO1tJMSdeTCiZwg?select=CMfhGJdpG66djDTo35SNiw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tSJTbxhAO1tJMSdeTCiZwg?select=Oct9Oo6WCdzZg3hzYHGnGw Most of the brulees I've had had crusts just thick enough to muster a cracking noise when you lightly tap it w/ a spoon.  I definitely had to give this a few wallops.  Not very classy for such a "dainty" dessert...Overall, a nice experience, but certainly not worth the $68 (tip included) I splurged on dinner for one...
5	I really like this restaurant. While the regular menu is great, I think the happy hour is really the hidden gem. Excellent drinks and food for $5! It's not the random drinks and apps that no one orders, it's the good stuff.
5	I chose to have my birthday dinner at Ocean Prime this year, and what a wonderful dinner it ended up being! We arrived hungry and agreed to start with the colossal shrimp in a tabasco cream sauce.  It was amazing. It came with a few slices of cheezy bread that was perfect for sopping up the sauce. I had the awesome twin lobster tails with asparagus for my entree and my man got the shrimp pasta. We also split the jalapeno scalloped potatoes. Wow. All I can say is that it was the best meal i have had in some time. Our server was great, the food incredible, and the atmosphere upscale but not pretentious at all. And the prices are pretty good.We were also given a complementary dessert for my birthday that we would have never ordered otherwise (too full!) but managed to inhale anyway. The creme brulee was a large portion compared to most places, and was excellent. I'm now looking forward to returning when my mom comes to visit later this month!
5	We went to Ocean Prime early in the week around 7:00 pm and there was no crowd.  The food was excellent, my wife and I had the swordfish.  We also had our two kids 7 and 10, the staff was great with them, even gave them non menu item drinks (Gatorade that was meant for the cooks) and surprisingly the kids menu was very reasonably priced with $5.00 items.
3	Service - 3 stars. A bit of a long wait to order, but otherwise pretty good. Waiter was not overly attentive. Food - 4 stars. Well cooked tuna, beef steaks and lobster tails. Atmosphere - 4 stars. Great decor, crowd, music. Value for $ - 2 1/2 stars. Portions are small and about 25% higher than what they should be.
3	Always looking for a good steakhouse experience.  I always struggle with mall based restaurants. However, once inside the attention to interior design and detail sets the stage for a great dining experience. Per many other reviews I confirm this place is loud and I mean LOUD! If you are attempting to have a deep conversation or have members in your party who are hearing impaired I suggest a private dining room or another dining location. Thankfully we were able to move our party of eight to one of the private rooms.With a private room we were provided with a dedicated waiter, so we thought. Our server while knowledgable of the menu copped a bit of an attitude. This was ok at first but became an more irritating as he decided that his guaranteed gratuity was reason to focus his attention on other guests. Word to the wise for all wait staff and service captains, when a party is going to spend  close to $2000 over a two hour period and you will reap the benefit of a minimum gratuity of $180 your focus should be greater than 90% and your main goal should be to make your guest feel like they are your only guests.The menu provides a solid offering of steak options with a supporting cast of reasonable beef alternatives.  Despite my passion for a great steak I settled on the Sea Bass as one of my table mates agreed to a surf and turf share. Despite previous reviews that were critical of the fish quality and preparation, we both found the fish to be fresh, moist and flavorful. The steak had good flavor and was prepared to perfection but was simply a good cut of beef.  Steak houses pride themselves on side dishes and the selection here was robust but the execution was weak. The truffle Mac and cheese was over cooked and our group struggled to find the bold taste of truffle. The culinary star of our evening was the seafood tower, we consumed two. Robust quantity of fresh crustacean and mollusks presented in an eye popping manner.Wine list was robust and had something for everyone.  Pricing was typical for a hight end restaurant. If you know wines you can find bottles that are great plate pleasers for $15 per glass. If you are a bourbon drinker forget it, one choice and a speed rail dweller on a good day. Desserts choices had something for everyone.
5	Awesome Rib-eye (melted in my mouth)Awesome martinis (had the pineapple marinating in the vodka)Awesome atmosphere (upscale/date night)Awesome Jalapeno Au-gratin potatoes (get it done)Awesome service Bring a hundo a head, unless you drink more than me....That's 2 hundo if you have a dateI give it 10 stars if I could (need I say more?)
5	Love the ambience of this place! The night we went, there was a guy playing the piano in the bar who was awesome! The recent night we visited we only had a cocktail and happy hour menu, but we have eaten here before and it is divine! We will definitely be doing dinner here again soon! Drinks are super pricey, but that seems to be the norm for this type of restuarant.
3	This will be short and simple! Amazing food, amazing ambience with the piano man playing. Hostess was a bit bitchy and didn't say a word when we walked in or when she seated us. Told her I had a reservation for four, she looked at me (up and down) and then grabbed a few menues and rushed us to a cramped booth. Our server had more of a personality and was great, until we all decided to move to the music room and the server there was 15 minutes too long in even noticing us as we sat. REALLY? There was us and two other tables. HOW HARD CAN IT BE! Oh wait, that's because she and Miss bitchy bitch hostess were too busy playing chatty cathy at the hostess station. Sigh
2	Risotto  salty but got it taken off with the scallops. Halibut was dry. Nice setting but the place is overpriced and the food we ordered was not great.
5	My husband and I stopped in for happy hour on a Friday. The atmosphere is chill, the ambiance is classy, and the piano-playing topped off the great atmosphere. We sat at the bar. The bartender was great...very attentive. Their happy hour menu is fabulous - many happy hour menus have cheap wine that tastes like dirty socks...not this place...their wine was good.We stuck with happy hour food and did not order dinner, so I cannot review their food, but if you're looking for an upscale yet highly affordable happy hour, this is a great spot.
2	Well this is a first...my two kids had the best meals out of the four of us! The mac and cheese was great as were the corn and carrots but jeez, this place has no business serving fish and seafood! The crab meat cocktail and the sea bass were both nowhere near fresh. Just so bad I wish I had sent them back.  The fillet mignon was perfect and really that is what this place should be...a steak house. Period.
4	We go to Ocean Prime for good reason....Always a table and always a good steak prepared perfectly to my liking, every time. This is a routine place for us because the atmosphere is ideal (we do the open bar seating which is elegant, yet casual) and we enjoy the live music entertainment. It's a few steps above quirky karaoke bar sound but gives that down to earth feel for the place. Lastly, the most amazing 10 late carrot cake nicely turns off a completely satisfying night.
1	The main descriptive word for this place: overpriced.  The place looks like a real steakhouse. the menu reads like a real steakhouse menu, but the quality is just not there.  The green corn pepper sauce was flavorless and the NY strip was just okay.  For $42 "just okay" is not good enough.  The shrimp cocktail was the only part of the meal that was exceptional. The service was poor.  We never even received four menus- we had the share two because the waitress was so distracted and lacking in her presentation.I would certainly recommend skipping Ocean Prime and heading over to Ocean Club, where the meal usually exceeds expectation.
5	This is an upscale restaurant.  Always good service and great food!  We found this place from going to the Blue Martini and The Skinny Italian Kitchen next door.
5	I decided to take my mom for her birthday dinner and was hoping for an amazing evening since most can agree...moms deserve the best. As soon as you enter through the door the ambience is instantly amazing. Service was more then we could of asked for. Very attentive and always looking to go out of his way to make sure we were happy. We started dinner with martinis and appetizers. The calamari is a must try (different creative and delicious). I highly recommend the chilean sea bass, literally melts in your mouth and definitely the best i've had here in the valley. We got a few side dishes to share and investing in some jalapeno au gratin potatoes as well as the black truffle mac n cheese was definitely a good choice. After dinner and without even asking (simply letting the hostess now via reservations we were celebrating a birthday) we were brought a few of their desserts. I am still dreaming about their home made peanut butter pie yummy!The staff was amazing they genuinely enjoy making sure guests receive the best experience possible. Thank you Daniel and Paul for making tonight a memorable one! Overall the best birthday dinner I could of asked for my mom and more :)
5	Staff was amazing. There was a wide selection on the menu and everything was high quality. The red snapper is what I have and it was delicious my husband had the Chilean sea bass and he loved it. The restaurant itself was beautifully decorated and very comfortable. We will return and we highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Friday night, we were heading to Blue Martini for the first time and it looked loud and packed, we were looking for some place to talk. Since Ocean Prime was right next door and didn't look quite as busy, we decided to stop in there instead. This place has a very upscale ambiance and I immediately thought it was going to be a pricey night and I was right. We went to the lovely bar to seat and I ordered some sort of berry martini, it had a fruit ice ball in the center and it came with enough for 2 drinks so it was worth the $14 price tag. My boyfriend ordered a dirty martini and that also came with enough for 2. We had the best time at Ocean Prime, there was live music and they were singing some of the old jams. When they started singing "doin the butt" I ran on the dance floor and danced my butt off. This is the kind of place where you can leave your purse unattended which I did to go dance. I decided to try something to eat so I ordered the ahi tuna tartare with avocado. It came out and looked so pretty I felt like I shouldn't wat it. But I did. Hahaha It was delicious. It wasn't like tuna tartare I've had in the past though, this kinda tasted like tuna sushi. When our friend arrived we decided to try some wine. We both had a glass of Moscato which was absolutely delicious and sweet, almost like a Reisling. Oh it was VERY tasty and I do recommend it. My boyfriend and I danced the night away there until they were closing up. We will be back.
1	Very Very pricey and very average food. Do NOT order the lobster bisque. It was the worst ever. My steak was ok but for $41 I expected it to be really good. Twice baked potato was only baked 1-1/2. Carrot cake was ok but have had better. Don't waste your money.
5	Took my wife here for dinner on Mother's Day and it was our first time. We were so pleased with every aspect. My wife had the raw oysters for her appetizer and even though they were relatively small, she said the taste was fantastic and she could tell that they were very fresh. I had the Surf N Turf for my appetizer which was amazing! The surf was scallops and the turf was braised short ribs that was removed from the bone and already pulled, much like what you would normally think of as pulled pork. The flavors were spot-on for everything. I enjoyed the scallops so much that I also chose them as my entree. Again, cooked to perfection! My wife had the Halibut, which is one of her favorite fish dishes. It was tender, juicy and flavorful. The spices used were not the ordinary variety that you would expect for halibut, but worked brilliantly. She is already asking when I'm going to take her back! =O)
5	Love love love, great food, great bar, great vibe!
5	love love love! Love this place. Their dining room is great, love the outdoor seating. But I really enjoy just sitting in the bar area. When they have live music it's quite nice. Every single thing I have ordered on their menu has been phenomenal and their service is always amazing. The girls in the bar area are awesome and very pleasant.Their happy hour menu is ridiculously awesome. Their pineapple martini and the one with the orchid floating in it-- amazing.
5	Upscale, throw back vibe to when dining was an experience. The interior is spectacular, our favorite place to sit is in the bar, the glowing blue light really sets the mood for a relaxing ambiance, and we love the musicians that play. The happy hour is impressive, and the prices are unbelievable! The staff is fabulous, from the hostess, server, busboys, to the management, everyone is friendly and attentive...you really get the impression that everyone is invested in your dining experience. We have dined here many times, and they consistently exceed our expectations. For appetizers we have tried the calamari, goat cheese ravioli (my fave), and the fondue which I love. My favorire thing about our dining experience here is the fresh day boat seafood! Its such a treat to have fresh Halibut, the day after its caught in the ocean, in the middle of the desert! Steaks are phenomenal...Im not sure how they cook them, but something about it is different and special. I recommend Oscar style with asparagus, lump crab meat and bernaise, decadent but worth it! My favorite desert is the creme brulee, warm crunchy sugar crust on top with a cold creamy inside. Sides are delightful and ample enough for sharing, favorites are the jalapeno au gratin potatos, asparagus with hollandaise, and glazed carrots.
1	I've been here a few times before and thought it was decent. A friend is moving out of state and we were gathering for a good bye party for her. I worked a very long day but made a special effort to get to the party at OP. I did have my 2 yr old tot on my hip as I didn't get to see him since he woke up this morning and his bedtime wasn't far off, so I didn't want leave him with a sitter and therefore not see him at all. I wasn't planning on staying long. When I asked the hostess about the party that I knew was already seated, she informed me I couldn't go in since I had my son. She said they have a strict no one under 21 policy at all hours. I read a review from January that mentioned  kids, and they don't say that on their website, but ok. I explained the situation, and asked her if I might just visit the table to drop off the card and let my friend know that I couldn't stay. She said no. No offer to take the card in for me, no offer to let my friends know that I was outside and not allowed in, just simply no. And so, that will be my last visit there.
1	I've been to Ocean Prime 3 or 4 times over the last year, each time for larger business dinners.  This time there were just three of us sitting and the bar.  We had good drinks, great laughs and a delicious buttery crab and spinach drink.  I highly recommend the cucumber gimlet if you're game.We decided to stay and order from the bar.  While ordering I selected the bone-in filet and asked for the peppercorn sauce on the side.  I wasn't 100% sure if I'd like it So I wanted to be safe, not sorry.  It was a $48 entree.When dinner was served my steak had the peppercorn sauce smothered all over it.  I sent it back.  Not happy about the request, the bartender returned my steak to the kitchen for a redo.  I would have never thought they'd bring the sane exact steak back to me, sans sauce.How do I know?  Size/shape/texture and my buddy ordered the same temperature as me, but mine was much more re-cooked.Frustrated and hungry I ate the flavor-washed steak and kept my mouth shut. Last time I eat here.  The end.
1	Beware of their happy hour menu! All the food looks upscale, fresh, appetizing, and decently priced. Kobe sliders, king crab spinach dip, Parmesan truffle fries, and oysters, all for under $10. Sounds pretty good right? Wrong. The items Ive listed are the exact things that we ordered. Lets start with the sliders.... You get 2. Two, tiny (NOT KOBE) sliders. There's more bread then there is meat. They are literally the size of a newborns hand. They tasted bland and dry.The spinach dip was sub par. They served it with 5 tiny pieces of stale bread. The Parmesan truffle fries were soggy and tasteless. As I took my first bite I thought to myself, McDonald's trumps these fries. The oysters were the best out of all of the items we ordered. BUT... They're $8 and you get only 4. You mine as well head to the casino cause you'll get more for your money. The only thing that saved this monstrosity of a meal was the booze. The service was OK... took a while for a drink refill and she wasn't very personable.All in all... I would never return to Ocean Prime and wouldn't be surprised if it closed. Skip this place and go to Flemmings. Same prices but amazing quality food.
2	First visit & I won't be back. HH food prices are overpriced in my opinion. $8 for 2 pieces of average bruschetta, no thank you ill goto Postino instead. Had a gift card they wouldn't accept on cocktails??? Who does that? It was a gift! Much better places to go & enjoy.
5	I'm not even sure I know how to describe our first experience at Ocean Prime. Everything from the service to the cosmopolitan was perfect. Our server, Sean, was so friendly and fun. The ambiance was relaxing and enjoyable, a nice place to be away from the kiddo. Describing the food is going to be difficult, because everything was so perfect and enjoyable. Sean said "phenomenal" a few times, and he's right. The food (every bite) was phenomenal! For our appetizer we ordered the Point Judith Calamari. Cooked perfectly and the flavor profile was sweet and spicy. I loved every bite! I ordered the blackened swordfish as my entree. It was cooked to perfection and the surrounding flavors were indescribable. My husband ordered the NY strip which was accessorized with roasted garlic and rosemary. It was so tender and cooked to absolute perfection.We had jalepeno au gratin as our side and THOSE...THOSE were phenomenal. The jalepeno flavor was mild and wonderful. No heat, for those who can't handle it, so I highly recommend it to anyone! Our dessert was to die for. We ordered the 10 layer carrot cake, and wow. Just wow! Every layer, every crumb, every drizzle of pineapple syrup was exquisite. I think I dreamed about bathing in it. I WOULD bathe in it. I woke up still full and satisfied. We drove far (not too far) to get there and would over and over again. It was worth every dollar spent and mile driven!
4	Had a great meal with friends and co-workers.  Had an easy time reserving a table for seven and the service was prompt and the food was enjoyable.  One of the things I like is the openness of the restaurant and the ambiance that is created.
5	The first time we went here, it was 4 years ago in 2009.  We loved it then.  For some reason we just forget about this restaurant.  It's probably the location since City North contains nothing of interest except this restaurant.  That's a shame.So in 2013 we were a bit leery to go.  Would the restaurant still be the same and wonderful?  We expected the  quality of the food to have "slipped" since City North is always dead and no one ever talks about this place.  We actually thought it might be closed and had back up reservations at capital grille.Boy were we surprised.  It was better than last time and will now be on our list of favorite restaurants.  The food, the vibe, the easy parking and the hot waitress are all a plus.The seafood is suburb (order the scallops - trust me).  The calamari appetizer is tasty.  The house salad with goat cheese is equally wonderful.   The lobster bisque is a circus in your mouth.    Nothing was bad.  You would be foolish to pass this restaurant up.  It is spectacular and as good as it gets.  Enjoy the bar too.  They usually have a great nightclub-esq singer on most nights.  What a wonderful treat.  It's a spendy one.  We dropped about $320 on dinner (included a $60 tip and about $70 in drinks)  and it was well worth it.
2	It was the first time I set foot in City North and it was up to me to choose where we were going to dine with our party of 4. I picked Ocean Prime. The venue is great, beautiful contemporary restaurant. It was quasi empty when we got there at 5pm for Happy Hour.Sara was our server and she did not want to be there. No eye contact and she was in a hurry. No smile or barely. We all ordered two items from the happy hour menu which were $5 and $8 each. They brought us the parmesan fries which we did not order but we thought they came with it. We were charged for them.Kobe sliders are dry and are definitely not Kobe beef. Truffled Chicken liver, not bad and generous serving. Cheese and meat platter: one had to look where to find the meat and the cheese. Chicken satay: good. I think the oysters were good too.Creme brulee and Baked Alaska: good. I would say: it's a nice venue, the server needs training, the cook also. The bill was high for a happy hour. Would I go back? ...I will try out some other ones on that street.
2	Celebrated a special occasion here. Two of us ordered seafood dishes.  Both got sick in the middle of the night. Should have ordered steak like the others in our party - they were fine the next day.  Had seafood here once before when the restaurant first opened years ago. It too was bad.  Should have learned the first time. Will not make the same mistake again.  DO NOT eat the seafood!
5	5 star service, ask for Margaret.5 star mixologist, Sarah 5 star chef, Chris on the broiler!Know for their scallops, nothing short of perfection. The wife enjoyed delectable morsels!I had French onion soup, lettuce wedge, filet, creamed spinach. Worth every penny!One final word...Yummmm!
1	My boyfriend and I came here with a few of our friends for a birthday dinner. I had looked ahead at the menu since I tend to be very indecisive and take forever to pick a dish and at the time everything sounded amazing. The presentation of the dishes were beautiful however it didn't satify our taste buds. I guess for the price we were expecting everything to taste phenomenal. I just got a simple shrimp pasta dish and my boyfriend got the salmon dish with a side of potatoes (which btw, all their sides are a la carte) and the bill was around $130.  If the food tasted better it would have been no big deal, but for that price I think I'd enjoy myself else where.
4	I've been here a few times before and thought it was decent. A friend is moving out of state and we were gathering for a good bye party for her. I worked a very long day but made a special effort to get to the party at OP. I did have my 2 yr old tot on my hip as I didn't get to see him since he woke up this morning and his bedtime wasn't far off, so I didn't want leave him with a sitter and therefore not see him at all. I wasn't planning on staying long. When I asked the hostess about the party that I knew was already seated, she informed me I couldn't go in since I had my son. She said they have a strict no one under 21 policy at all hours. I read a review from January that mentioned  kids, and they don't say that on their website, but ok. I explained the situation, and asked her if I might just visit the table to drop off the card and let my friend know that I couldn't stay. She said no. No offer to take the card in for me, no offer to let my friends know that I was outside and not allowed in, just simply no. And so, that will be my last visit there.Update: the GM reached out to my friend who booked the party, and then mailed me a personal letter of apology and a gift card. Went there after the first of the year, received great service, the food was wonderful. Nice change from the prior visit.
3	My husband and I came for a date night. Looked amazing from the menu and the outside of the building. The service was okay, nothing special. We had 5 different wait staff members which was a bit crazy. The food was okay, sounded better on the menu though then in person. Would not go back-nothing special to it.
4	As advertised this is a nice place. Beautiful spot on the end of city north.I was there for a business dinner this week and had an overall good experience. The service was good, food tasty, and had some fun people watching. I actually had steak, just In that mood that night. The filet was yummy and cooked perfectly. The sides were fine but nothing spectacular.Is this place better than ocean club? I don't think so. But it was a solid meal. I would not hesitate to go back.
4	What a great meal!  My wife has some restrictions, and they were so accommodating! Very expensive, but for a great meal, i would suggest it!
5	Wife and I are down here for vacation and were looking for a good spot to treat ourselves while the in laws watched the kids.I had been to one in Atlanta on a business trip last year and had fond memories.The Phoenix one did not disappoint.  Atmosphere is hip/swanky.  Food is awesome with a price to reflect it.  I was torn between the sea bass and the scallops. I was very happy with my sea  ass--until I tasted my wife's scallops.  I forgot how good they can be!So, in sum, this is a great date-night place, but expect to spend about $100 per person once you get a glass of wine or two, an app, salad, etc.Well worth it!
4	My wife and I went here early one evening and had a wonderful experience. The service was exceptional as was the food. I really enjoyed the calamari appetizer. It was unlike any I'd had before. We enjoyed ourselves, however, my steak was no better than one half the price I could have gotten down the street at The Keg Steakhouse. Perhaps I should have ordered fish. My wife loved the sea bass. Be prepared to spend some coin.
4	I went to Ocean Prime a couple of times when it first opened.  Honestly I wasn't impressed enough to go back, especially given that there is a top notch fish restaurant not too far away.We ended up here for a friend's birthday and my sorrow quickly turned to joy.  This place has changed and I see they have upped their game.  Service was good.  Wine list had some nice choices and the food was good.  Crab cakes were great.  Scallops cooked perfectly and the swordfish was a great dish.  I've put this place back on my list of places to go.My only complaint is that if you are gonna offer a moscow mule then it should be in a copper cup.
5	We truly enjoyed everything about our anniversary dinner at Ocean Prime last night. Before we went into dinner, we sat outside for happy hour. It's very comfortable out there and the service was great. I loved the bubbly berry cocktail! Service at dinner was impeccable. The food was cooked exactly to perfection. We would not change anything!   It was our anniversary dinner, so they had red rose petals scattered around our table. They gave us a complimentary 10 layer carrot cake that had Happy Anniversary written in chocolate on it. They really made it a wonderful celebration for us. We recommend to everyone!
5	My boyfriend and I were celebrating this last Saturday evening and wanted an extravagant meal. We were pleased to have walked out knowing that Ocean Prime delivered just that to us! The food was honestly the best food I've ever had- being from the San Francisco Bay Area, traveling to multiple destinations, and dining on Cruise Ships; that's a huge compliment. The service was very good too, however it did lack attention to re-fills at one point during our experience but once brought to their attention, our drinks were quickly full and remained that way. The atmosphere was very clean, romantic and the room was full of modern touches. We just loved it and walked out very pleased! We will definetly be celebrating there again.
3	Caesar salad and the house salad were both very good with the house a bit better.Blackened swordfish was very good and was the best of the 3 entrees we had.Halibut Oscar was a little light on crab.Pork Porterhouse was huge but not particularly flavorful.Someone there highly recommended the Sunday dinner although the waitstaff downplay it for some reason (price maybe?).Roy's is a better choice if you're in this area.
4	Ocean Prime never disappoints. Had dinner here with a couple of friends last night. Service is always good, especially in the bar area. Love lounging over dinner or heavy apps while enjoying some live music and a game or two on TV.  Everything on the menu is very good.  Love a little surf and turf and a couple of excellent cocktails.
2	When you pay nearly 100$ per guest for a meal that is no better than Red Lobster, then something is wrong.  The appetizers were good, but you can hardly mess up shrimp cocktail, except that the price was 18$ for four pieces of shrimp.  Stingy!  We shared two appetizers, but it wasn't enough for three people.  The ravioli appetizer was excellent, and I would be raving about it had there been more than four pieces.  It wasn't worth spending money on, especially if you share appetizers.  Our lobster bisque had three small pieces of lobster, a bland cream sauce, and plenty of corn bread pieces, or whatever it was.  One of my guests hardly ate her soup at all.  My other guest did eat a good deal of his Caesar Salad, however he had to ask for more dressing, and I could certainly tell it lacked an acceptable amount of dressing.Our main dishes were fairly okay, I really enjoyed my dish, one of my guests really enjoyed his meal (however he did say there was sand in one of his scallops), however the other guest did not like her dish other than the veggies on the side.  In fact she hardly touched her food and packed it up.  The drinks were very tasty.  The service was attentive, however I thought it was slightly unprofessional the way the menus lingered on the table for so long while it was getting crowed with two appetizers and three drinks plus three waters.  In the end I wasted my money by coming here.  None of us felt full or satisfied.  We joked afterward that we should have just went to In-n-Out Burgers.  I would not recommend this establishment at all.
5	Great!
5	Awesome food great service we will be back. Try the risotto and the peanut butter and chocolate cake. Ask for Chad he is an awesome waiter.
4	I have a weakness for steakhouses. I've actually been here more often than my check-in shows. It's perfect for birthday gatherings, client meetings, happy hour with my entourage, and even first and second dates. The ambiance is really lovely. It can be a blessing or curse that the lighting here is minimal. Just noting. Where do you go where you can have a palm tree situated next to you at dinner? Crazy to note but I love climbing trees, have a thing for palms because I am a desert dweller. Or perhaps my exit strategy...I prefer bar seating because it just invites a lot more perspective of any dining experience if you are into being a social butterfly. The outside patio is perfect entertainment watching the ongoers headed next door to the nightclub/bar, I myself included afterwards :)Staff is always attentive without being intrusive but perfectly timed for those awkward moments. Food is incredible and their happy hour is generous with various selections to graze over before you devour an entire 3000 calorie meal. I don't there is anything I have not tried; hence I am not going to point out any item because you should try them all. The one star deficit is only because I have yet to experience this place ever busy with a high energy crowd. I am not necessarily into noise but certainly don't want to hear the sound of the crickets or my date's irregular breathing. A night here is just a great date no matter what.
5	I've had the best roast chicken at this place and I know that's of for a steak and seafood place. But it was flawless. The seafood tower was amazing. Wonderful service. Going back next month.
4	Great for Happy Hour! We have been here several times to meet friends for the Happy Hour. The bar is the best place to be with live music and a great Happy Hour menu. The ahi tuna tacos are good as are the sliders and chicken satay and if you like oysters they are very good. This time I went with an appetizer instead of the Happy Hour menu and got the mussels, excellent and a good size portion. Smoking is allowed in the front patio off the bar so if you want to smoke cigars or cigarettes but I'm not sure if you can eat outside since there are no tables just bench seating but our waitress did tell us they they are going to be redesigning the outdoor patio sometime soon.
4	So my mom had been raving to me for weeks about Ocean Prime's happy hour and when my mom says a restaurant is good, it's really saying something because she can be quite picky. (I love you mom!)My mom decided for my family to go here for her birthday dinner, perfect excuse to finally try it out! To my surprise (note the sarcasm), she was 100% right. Their happy hour is AWESOME. Not only do they have happy hour from 5-7 (a little later for those that work late!) but they have great prices for being such a nice steakhouse kind of restaurant.First of all, they give you complimentary popcorn. If you know me, you know I freakin' love popcorn so this was an instant bonus. It's not just any popcorn, its popcorn with truffle oil, butter, and salt on it, making it incredibly addicting. The best part is, you can just keep asking for more popcorn....for FREE. Beers are $3, glasses of wine $5, and some specialty cocktails for $6 like sangria or their Moscow mule. I ordered the sangria, which is a red wine sangria, and it was very tasty. If I wasn't driving, I would have ordered a 2nd or 3rd glass.As a table we decided to split their Kobe beef sliders (2 for $5), the parmesan truffle fries, and the bruschetta. Let's just say there was nothing left on our plates. Everything was delicious and well prepared. My dad and I ended up splitting one more order of the sliders, because...they are $5! Why not?!My sister let our amazing server, Barbara, know it was our mom's bday at the beginning of the meal and at the end she brought out a complimentary birthday dessert! My mom chose the carrot cake and that thing was impressively layered and tall! Also incredible, I might add. The food, service, and atmosphere was wonderful. Barbara rocked, and so did the live music which happens every Friday night! Can't wait to take my boyfriend for a romantic night out!
4	Friday night date night -- My wife said "anything but a steakhouse" - So I thought seafood!We had never been here before - nor had even heard of it. I picked it on the basis of the yelp reviews - mostly positive. We showed up to an empty restaurant, on a Friday night at 6:30pm, this had me a little worried. Never eat in an empty restaurant, right? But we had our pick of any table - we picked a booth with a view of the fireplace/patio.WOW - a live band! How cool is that! The song selection was awesome. The artists put their touch on almost every song they sang, making for great entertainment.Our only disappointment (and the loss of a star) was the Seafood Platter/Tower - at almost $100 (Market Pricing) - I would have expected allot more. We have had these at most other places and this one just seemed "skimpy" on the amount of seafood.In the end - the restaurant was busy. People showed up. Band was lively. Overall we enjoyed our first experience at the restaurant. I liked that it wasn't super packed and the service was great.
4	One of our favorite happy hour spots!  The king crab dip is delicious! They usually have live music either jazz or a Sinatra style flow.  The staff is very attentive and their complimentary popcorn is yummy!  My wife loves the infused bubbles drink and they have local beer.   We never go unless it's happy hour, but they usually don't disappoint.
5	For a restaurant located in a city so far from the ocean, Ocean Prime offers a very fresh, and very tasty seafood selection.We started off with the Seafood Tower for an appetizer. The tower comes out spewing a smokey fog out over your table, looks sort of cool if you aren't used to seeing it. Very cool presentation. More importantly, though, is the quality of the food you get in this tower. Oysters, jumbo shrimp cocktail, seared scallops, and cut crab legs line the tower, all fresh as can be. You cant go wrong with any of the options on the tower, but the highlight for me was the scallops. Those had a nice firm exterior, with a soft and moist center, cooked perfectly.The entree was Chilean Sea Bass, with comes with some vegetables and a creamy, savory sauce. The sauce has a light taste to it, almost a bit buttery, but it doesn't overpower the flavor and texture of the fish. You get a nice big portion that should leave you quite satisfied.The service was absolutely excellent!5/5 stars all around
4	The food here was really good.   They were out of oysters but we ordered the jumbo shrimp cocktail which was really good.   French onion soup and lobster bisque both awesome. I had a mojoto for a cocktail,  it was subpar, tasted like it was a premix and not freshly made.Dinner was the Sunday special (for 2 in our party) crab stuffed lobster, sea bass for 1 and I had the scallops.   All were very very good and highly recommended.   Sides were Brussel sprouts and lobster mashed potatoes.  I gave this restaurant 4 stars instead of 5 because the service was poor. The food was really really good but our waiter did not do a good job. He was not attentive to our table. He was told that somebody in our party was celebrating a birthday and did not even offer a dessert. He forgot to put in the order for our side dishes which did not come out with dinner. The restaurant did comp the side dishes which was a nice gesture but at a rest restaurant like this the service should be better.The waiter seemed like he was high or just a space cadet.I would return to this restaurant because the food was so good and I'm sure other wait staff would be better than the one we got.
5	We went New Years Eve and we had the regular menu, regular prices and the same wonderful food. We Highly recommend this restaurant.
3	Tried Ocean Prime for the first time when we had friends visiting from out of town during the holidays. Atmosphere is nice, but food was alright. I ordered the scallops dish which was good, but nothing spectacular. Also tried the NY steak and it was just ok. We also tried the calamari, it was a little different and not your typical calamari dish. Would I go back, possibly but it's not on top of my list.
