2	I didn't find the food all that flavorable, the service isn't great, and it's definitely not worth the price.
3	Ok, this place must keep people coming by the ridiculous food portions that they have, because the food itself is not so great.  It's just...  ok.  Nothing special.  Some of it is not good or undercooked, such as a fellow diner's raw swordfish or mahi mahi that seemed more like tilapia.  Wine list just ok and very overpriced.  Dessert - WAY too big of portions (the brownie dessert was enough to feed at least 4-5 people and more, the brownie was undercooked).  There is better food on Walnut, I swear.  And even if there isn't, go somewhere else.  Service is good which brings this back to a 3-star review.
3	I swung by here in the middle of a long day of apartment hunting.  It wasn't very crowded.  There appears to be an adjoining bar area - not sure if it's the same restaurant or not - it's quite small, but contains several comfortable-looking booths and TVs.  Anyways, I was there for lunch.  The service was decent, we were tended to by several friendly employees and the manager came out to see how we were doing, complimenting my father on his choice of Malt Vinegar to accompany his fish and chips.The food was good, but probably not worth as much as we paid.   For the life of me I can't remember if they had any good beer on tap, I think I drank like forty glasses of water instead.  But I'm sure they've got something acceptable.   I can see myself coming back but probably not as a mid-afternoon pit stop like I did.  It's probably more lively at night .
4	I've had pretty good experiences dining here, but maybe that's because other people were paying for my food about half of those times.  The service was fine, and I liked the decor.  I also enjoyed the food, although if I recall correctly, there was entirely too much of it.As a carless resident of Pittsburgh, I love the great location on Walnut Street.  I don't have to go out of my way to dine here, since there are plenty of stores to visit.
1	Food, blah.  Pierogi with chipotle butter app was terrible- frozen Mrs. T's pierogi in PITTSBURGH is just lazy, and they were drowning in greasy, room temp aforementioned butter which carried heat with absolutely no flavor.  Everything else was of unremarkable to poor quality. Main courses were a cuban sandwich and something I don't recall (bad sign) and were extremely disappointing.Service, argh.  It was late, but if you're open you're open, right?  Slow, inattentive, wrong sides (which we couldn't correct given the service) an they basically vacuumed around our feet.
4	We had Sunday brunch upstairs and I was very pleased with the quality and quantity of the dishes and the service. Lots better than most.
3	How to review the Walnut Grill?--a place that served us quality food on a standard menu, but at prices where some imagination would have gone a long way, especially since we paid a lot for it? (Mango salsa, I'm looking at you.) Some of our favorites: the spinach artichoke dip, the pork cheeks, the filet. This particular dining experience was also the first time ever a server has ever, with the gravest of grave faces, relayed to us that the kitchen was out of broccoli. Also the first time I giggled at a server. If you're out there: I'm sorry!
4	I really enjoyed myself here, but you know what, that was 100% because of the awesome, drunk conversation, all we had was draft beers.  We had 4 for 14$, that doesn't seem too expensive to me.  It was also happy hour when I went there:  half price appetizers (which I didn't eat any of, but were still very exciting).  I have no comments on service, food. or cocktails, and somehow I still really liked it in there!  The bathrooms were CLEAN.  Actually when I went to the bathroom I thought "these bathrooms are CLEAN!"
3	This place is alright.  I've never gone for dinner - only for lunch as I worked in the neighborhood.  They don't really have any lunch specials per se and the place seemed completely empty.  The service was friendly, the food was just okay.  Nothing really memorable and the prices are a bit high.
2	Too pricey for the quality.
4	Just got back from a lunch at the Walnut Grill. I had been there once before about 3 years ago. I don't remember much other than it was a solid meal and the mushroom soup I got was good.Anyway, it was fairly empty for lunch. Perhaps it's because it has a darker atmosphere (today was gorgeous out) than other SS places. I had the lunch special which was a Cajun chicken sandwich with mozzarella, basil and roasted red peppers (9$). GF got the veggie sandwich which has portabellos, spinach, feta and onions (9$).My sandwich was great. The chicken was nicely cooked (not dry). The mozzarella was nice and big. The basil was a nice touch and fresh. The roasted red peppers were from a can, but were good. Served on warm ciabatta. Sandwich wasn't overly salty either. The fries were surprisingly good.GF's veggie sandwich was equally good. I usually don't like spinach, but the bite I had was nice and feta/mushroom-y. She ate all of it (which rarely happens).I also got a Proper draft which is an English Pale Ale. It was quite good. Nice and malty with minimal hops.
3	My meal, including wine, appetizer, soup, and the walnut salmon entree were all solid and it came in under $40.  The average entree here costs $15.  In D.C., I couldn't get a sandwich, chips and a drink for that during lunch hour.  But by Pittsburgh standards for good food at low prices, this is pretty typical.    The service was sharp, if a little slow (Saturday night and they were busy, so you have to cut them a little slack).  As a whole, they are really trying, with specials galore, and lots of fancy cocktails which I didn't  try.  Seriously, this place is not expensive and you get a good quantity of food, they're not stuck up, and my generous $6 pour of wine was smooth but not awesome.  I will probably go back again.
1	While it has a somewhat trendy looking menu, don't be fooled. We ordered the calamari, mexican pizza, ahi tuna, and french onion soup. While the onion soup was actually good, the rest was awful.The mexican pizza was greasy, and looks like it was reheated in a microwave, it tasted like cardboard, and looked even worse. The calamari was awful, came with a gross looking/tasting dip. The ahi tuna was actually just mediocre, which was a nice improvement from the rest of the meal. If i was a bigger jerk I would have demanded they take the food back, but I just had a bite of everything and asked the waitress to take it back.I would never eat here again
3	Nice setting and service, or the quality of the food it was expensive, 2 children, my wife and I was 50.00 including tip, no wines or alcohol on the tab. Service was really good. Would have been 5 stars but food was average my wife had a charbroiled chicken and it was full of gristle, I had a turkey Rachel which was a turkey sandwich with Cole slaw and Russian dressing on rye, the turkey it self was good the rest was not so good. My oldest daughter wanted spaghetti she got buttered noodles. My youngest got chicken strips, who can screw up chicken strips? The kids fries was the shape of a smile face that was cute.
2	my husband and I went there for dinner this evening and while their bunches are usually lovely I don't think we will return for a dinner meal again.I ordered the steak mid-rare and asked for a Caesar salad for my side... the salad was terrible, bland, the dressing was barely there and i really question if it was actually a caesar dressing. The parmesan cheese tasted old and well, sorta like it had been shaved off the block of cheese ages ago - it was sort of rubbery and bland as well. My steak was more medium than mid-rare and they included a peppercorn sauce which sounded good on the menu but had far too many peppercorns in it and ruined the dish... the mashed potatoes were really good once i picked out the peppercorn overload seeping into it. The broccoli served on the side was barely steamed and seasoned with some surprising and awful seasoning. Completely disappointing.  My husband's salad looked much more appetizing... baby field greens and ranch dressing - he was happy. He asked for a shrimp alfredo which they did make special for him (they have it as chicken alfredo on the menu). I tasted the sauce and it was ok but very thin and could have used more cheese to add more flavor as well as thicken it. He was happy with the meal but admitted to me that Girasole's alfredo was much much better. So no, I don't see us heading back anytime soon for anything other than perhaps a bunch meal. I will say that the service was excellent - the waitstaff was attentive and friendly and they did a great job but the food is overpriced for the quality of preparation.
4	Want good bloody mary's to kick off your Saturday or Sunday morning? Come to Walnut Grill. They throw a jumbo shrimp in it which is awesome. The eggs benedict is terrific!
5	I recently had a party here and it was fabulous.  The service was wonderful from start to finish and the food was wonderful.  The drinks were great, salads superb, and no matter the choice, everyone loved their meals. We were not rushed at all and the servers, came by religiously to refill water and check to see if anything more was needed. I highly recommend this restaurant whether it be for a drink, a meal or a party.
3	During the three or four times I've been here, I've had friendly service, some decent drinks, and mixed luck with the food. On my last visit, I tried the fish tacos and was sorely disappointed-the tortillas appeared to have been recently revived from the freezer, and the quality of the fish seemed subpar. Still, this is Pittsburgh, so I don't really expect to get decent fish tacos here but like to try occasionally on the off chance that I will succeed. Another failure in my opinion: the fish tacos came with french fries. Who serves fish tacos with french fries?! Maybe if the fries had actually been decent I wouldn't have minded so much, but they were overly salty and soggy.I've had better luck here with the salads and would recommend those.
3	Good if not great place to get a meal at.  Mom and I were having a girls day out and we decided to stop in here for brunch before heading over to the Phipps. The chicken 'n waffles (organic fried chicken in gravy plus waffles) caught my eye as did the eggs benedict.  But I was in the mood for some sweetness.  The  cinnamon swirl French Toast with sausage links was pretty good.  Mmmm, French Toast!  Pump that insulin, Susan.  Pump!  Whoo-hoo!  The cinnamon did give it a nice bite too.  Good thing Rick and I hit the bike trails the day beore.  Mom went for the roasted tomato and bacon frittata, which looked good too.Many of the negative comments here seem to be about the prices.  The dinner prices look high for what you get, but the brunch prices run about $8.00-$10.00 per entree.  Service here is good though.
2	This place has cockroaches.People throw up in the booths.Pretty good white russian.(b)
3	When I visited walnut grill in shadyside, the service was very good, however the only problem I had was when I ordered a ribeye steak sandwich and the server informed me that this can only be cooked one way. The sandwich was good, I just don't understand how u can only cook a steak one way. Decent beer selection, but would probably not go back.
3	Great location, ambiance, and service. Unfortunately food is the weak link.Went for Sunday brunch yesterday and ordered the chicken and waffles. Took quite a while to get it to the table.  Waffle batter very plain and not of the Belgian variety that I prefer with sugar granules. If not for the little bit of syrup, it would be incredibly bland. Trader Joes pumpkin and off the shelf Krusteaz waffle batter much better than this. Fried chicken was not bad, but I couldn't but think that it was in the fryer just a tad bit long...Street parking can be challenging at times.
3	Came here with a whole bunch of girls on a Wednesday night due to their half-priced wine situation.  Actually, we meant to go to Shady Grove but it was PACKED, so upstairs we trekked to Walnut Grill.It's dim up there, and has a more formal vibe than shady grove.  The half-priced wine was pretty good, we tried several of the bottles and they were all perfectly decent.  I loved their spinach and artichoke dip, scraping the bottom of the ramekin as best I could to get all the tasty bits.  Our server, who was very friendly and cheerful despite having to deal with such a huge group, recommended the California Pretzel Club.  I have to say, it was pretty good.  Dense, and filling, but I enjoyed it.  The avocado spread was a nice touch.  I couldn't finish it, though I made a good effort on the fries, but my boyfriend polished it off later. As the evening progressed, they turned the music up - WAY up - I'd say by 9 pm we had to shout to hear each other.  That wasn't very cool - it's Wednesday and you're serving dinner.  People are here to have conversation, it's not a dance club.  Sorry, but I'm old and crochety (at age 26) and I like to hear what my dinner companions are saying.The entrees looked pricey, but apps and sandwiches are reasonable.  I'd come back for more half-priced wine and a snack sometime.
5	My only experience with this place was for brunch on a Sunday morning. However....It was quite fantastic! I was sitting with three other people, and all of our food was delicious! (Not to mention reasonably priced)Our server was delightful and very efficient as well.I have read some negative reviews here and kept them in mind before eating there. Must say I didn't agree with them on this particular meal.
4	I'm seriously confused at why people hate on this place so much.  Maybe the service/food can be iffy at times, but today it was great!  I hadn't been here in a really long time, so I felt like I had to try the food again to write a proper review.  We got the "best seat in the house" according to the host.  That actually means the seat by the window so you can people watch.  Everything looks good on the menu, so I opted for a little bit of everything.  I started with the cauliflower soup.  I didn't know what to expect, but it came as pureed with a cheesy taste to it.  It was amazing!  I asked the server what was in it and she said it was cream cheese.  Mystery solved, cream cheese makes everything better!  I also tried the beat salad.  I loved the fact that there was golden and red beets in it.  I just wish there were more, although I always feel that way about beet salads at restaurants it seems.  The main course was the Walnut Crusted Salmon with Bread Pudding and Apple Buerre Blanc.  It was really tasty.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, which meant not over cooked at all, and the bread pudding/apple buerre was really delish!  Our server was incredibly friendly and attentive and I really couldn't ask for a better meal.  I've been won over and I'd definitely go back...and try ten things again:)
4	A staple of the Walnut Street experience, Walnut Grill has been around forever. The menu changes regularly, which is great because you can always try something new, but is difficult if you are really digging a specific dish. They always have great sandwiches and soups, and the salads are always good. Their balsamic vinaigrette is sweet and delish. Went with Rachel C. recently and had one of the regular menu items and one of my fav apps they have ever had-spinach artichoke dip! Large chunks of artichoke and a strong garlic flavor makes this the best spinach artichoke dip in town! A must have when you visit. Nice atmosphere, good service at my last visit. Stop hating on Walnut Grill!
2	Not too shabby.  I would call it a "finer diner" in terms of the definition of a Diner.  The menu has your everyday American items; nothing too creative or imaginative.   It's pretty basic.  Salads, sandwiches, burgers and entrees we have all had before.The food is good though; however you're paying for the location and decor (which, in our opinion, was kind of out-dated).  We started with the mushroom flatbread that was a bit on the sweet side; however it was loaded with mushrooms which is a huge plus.I had the walnut crusted salmon sandwich and Jordan had the reuben.  The salmon was very light and tasty and Jordan's corned beef was sliced real thick.  French fries are pretty standard.All in all, I guess this is where the rich people of ShadySide get their diner food: same kind of food, just a fancier ambiance than Denny's.  We will be back when we want something comforting but dont want to be surrounded by teenagers and want something better than Eat 'N Park.
4	Had lunch with my husband here yesterday after not eating here for years.  We shared the tuna sashimi and wild mushroom flatbread as apps.  Both were delicious, and I'm freaking thrilled when a restaurant knows what a caramelized onion is supposed to look like!  My flatbread was smothered in them, just the way I like it.  The sashimi was nothing crazy, I liked the grilled pineapple with it.  My husband got himself a burger, the barbecue one, to be exact, and I had the wild mushroom pasta.  I was concerned it would be too similar to the flatbread, but the server raved about it, so I tried it anyway.  My husband enjoyed his burger, though he thought it could have been less salted.  He was happy that the temperature was correct, also. The salad that came with my entree was... Ok.  The blue cheese dressing was eh, the cherry tomatoes seemed kinda squishy, and I actually spit out a crouton.  It had this weird feeling in my mouth of being a tasteless cube of crunchy oil.  I usually love croutons too.The pasta was tasty, but almost too tasty, if that makes sense.  Too many competing flavors.  My husband was thrilled that they got "al dente" right, when he had a bite.  I'd also note that the pasta is much more of a dinner meal than lunch, but there aren't a ton of options for people trying to avoid meat.Overall, I'd eat here again, and get the same apps and a lighter entree.
1	This restaurant is in a great location and has nice ambiance. That is where the positive ends. The food is LOUSY. I paid $9 for a stainless steel mixing bowl of iceberg lettuce with a little frozen (OK, it was thawed, but had previously been frozen) corn, about 4 tablespoons of black beans and the same amount of feta. As a vegetarian, this salad was one of two that had some sort of substance to make one think of a meal. What a disappointment - I won't be back.
