5	Peanut Butter Brownie Ice Cream.Yes.Let's all take a minute, pause and appreciate that combination.Mmmmhmmm. I originally rolled into Cold Mountain's next door (adjoined) neighbor, Jackson's Java. And then I walked around the corner and BAM, ice cream heaven. Yep, Cold Mountain offers a nice variety of delectable ice cream flavors like Chocolate Caramel Cashew, Spumoni, Cotton Candy, Anniversary Cake and Amaretto Cherry. But folks, I highly recommend the Peanut Butter Brownie. Creamy peanut butter ice cream swirled with thick ripples of caramel and stuffed with chocolately brownie bites. And while the best part was the actual ice cream, the super friendly employee gave me the largest single scoop of ice cream I've seen in quite some time. We're talking softball size here, friends. My belts are quivering in anticipation of my return.
5	This is great place in the University area, that is well known to the college kids who are always in need of place to study with caffeine. I'm not sure what side I like better, Jackson's Java where I can grab a great cup of joe or Cold Mountain Creamy where I can get a huge scoop of ice cream. The atmosphere reminds me of a 'Central Perk' feel straight out of Friends. I love that I can go to the same place and indulge my sweet tooth and my coffee needs at the same time. While the shoppe isn't in the best location, the coffee shoppe makes the best of it by putting several tables outside. I can grab my iced coffee and chocolate brownie ice cream then soak up some sun with the outside sitting. The employers are always really friendly and do not skip on the ice cream scoops. The ice cream always tastes really rich and since Cold Mountain buys its ice cream locally ( about an hour away) they're always featuring new and different flavors. Both sides of the shoppe always feature local artists paintings on the wall giving local student artists free publicity! With a college budget I can grab a sweet treat for under 5 dollars!
1	Not for ice cream... If your looking for coffee this is your place.. 8 or 10 flavors if lucky... I was disappointed .. I guess I was thinking it was like cold stone...
1	Went here bc we were looking for ice cream. How does a creamery not serve ice cream?  Somehow I feel that my one star rating is overrated
