4	My favorite brick oven pizza in the Burg and I have tried many of them.Met some other fiends with kids.  Kids hogged the comfy chairs and couches so we used a couple of tables.  Since a group we kind of shared, at least I did!Had a slice of the vodka pizza, which is great.  Also had a slice of red pizza with roasted red peppers and pepperoni.  YUM!  Also, if you eat in, since they don't give it to you with the pizza (it comes with the take out), put some of the olive oil and spices and peppers in the little cup and use to dip your crust in.  Yum!  Also, shared a salad with the better half and it was very good with fresh ingredients and nice dressing.City Oven now has wine and beer at reasonable price. Or if you prefer they do have good coffee and some different sodas for the kids, or kids at heart.The chicken wings are better than the fried wings you get at most pizza shops they are brick oven baked!  The chicken wings have a spice rub that is very tasty. You do get the whole wing. Have stopped by in the morning and had the panini breakfast offerings which are very good.  Wheat crust is available for you pizza. Staff is very accommodating. Back in September when we had the big wind/rain storm and most lights were out called to see if open and Yes they were open.  City Oven lights were out too but they were cooking in the brick oven without lights.
5	Let me just say the pizza here is DELICIOUS. You have to pay for each additional topping so it might add up but it's not too bad pricing. The inside is nice and there's outdoor seating too. It was really loud with like a million kids when I went which was kind of annoying but the pizza's bomb. Definitely check it out!BTW it's free BYOB cause they don't sell beer anymore. There's a liquor store two doors down though if it's a must.
4	Free BYOB is back!  Love it.  Some friends called to say a big group was getting together.  Just show up and BYOB.  Some of the best brick oven pizza and great Wood Fired rubbed spicy wings.Was able to have the tastes of several pizza's, white, red and some garlic bread sticks along with a great salad.  The bread sticks are crisp and crunchy like a garlic pizza! YUM!  The salad has a nice mix of fresh greens, roasted red peppers, red onion, grape tomatoes, and Gorgonzola cheese with crouton and balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  Second YUM!Great time and great food!
4	The patio is great at this time of year.  Our group eat around the fire pit on the patio.  Great place to hang out with cool nights and warm fire.  We all BYOB and it was fun to try different food and wines.  Oh Yeah, BYOB is Back.  Do not serve beer or wine, sold liquor license, so it is BYOB again.Sampled the bread sticks which are a nice crusty pizza like sticks with garlic, some great white pizza with fire roasted spinach and fire roasted tomatoes.  Also, had a salad which is fresh with some blue cheese and some wonderful balsamic vinaigrette.
3	Meh! A bit disappointed. A friend of ours had ordered from here during one of the Steeler games. The food had been fresh and good. Hoping for the same we tried it for dinner tonight. The Vodka pizza and wood fired wings left me wanting. The flatbread crust was too hard and the wings were 'icky' dry.When places like this that have the potential to be good lack consistency it saddens the foodie in me. I'm giving it a 3 keeping my first experience in mind. Not sure if anything in future would compel me to give City Oven another go.
2	I tried to like it here, I really did. We ordered several different kinda of pizza each time, and I must say I've had better. I am pretty picky with my pizza, it's just that there is so much terrible pizza out there, why would I waste my time on some that isn't blow your socks off? It's mediocre at best. Not bad, but not amazing either.
4	I'm really digging their wings and wood-fired pizza. That they deliver to Beechview now is a plus. I definitely recommend City Oven.
5	Very disappointed to learn that the Banksville location has closed.  I was getting set to write a review on my first visit to City Oven:  their red pizza and wings were the best I've had in the area since moving to Mt. Lebanon in July.
