4	I've stopped in here twice now. GREAT DEALS! I got three glass pyrex baking dishes for $1 each.. They're $3-4 each at GoodWill. My friend bought a brand new dehydrator for $5. They have clothes, shoes , handbags, jewelry and household goodies. Its in a very affluent neighborhood so the things are very nice in there, but you're not going to find anything funky. Plus, all the proceeds go to the rescue group and they're going be doing on-site adoptions as soon as their construction is finished. Shouldn't be too long now.
4	Great store (prices and selection)!  Great people!  Geat cause!
4	Loved this place! Found it via Yelp. On the small side yet fairly well organized, stocked and maintained. Two dressing rooms with mirrors and an assortment of goods from clothing to furniture, jewelry, books, toys, housewares more.  Chalkboard by the cashier displays the specials of the day. For example, all women's blouses and men's shorts were $3.50 each on my visit.  Shoes from what I could tell are all priced at $6.50 each.  Credit cards OK. Thank you Jill T. for posting the one and only review (since June 2010, really?) thus far. I would have never discovered this place without ya.
5	I LOVE this thrift store. The displays are beautiful, merchandise great quality (at unbelievable prices), staff is super friendly & the money goes to helping animals.
5	this is a great place to adopt a dog / cat / kitten / puppy.  the staff is friendly and takes great care of the animals in a clean and safe environment, with lots of TLC. they also have a resale boutique adjacent to the shelter if you want to buy or donate household items, furniture, clothes, etc that support this non-profit no-kill shelter.  highly recommend.
5	Eddie and his team at Foothills are A+!  I have NEVER had any complaints about them.    A caring staff always looking for the best home for their rescue dogs.  If you're looking to adopt a dog or cat Foothills is the place to look.  As a local dog trainer in the PHX area for over 8 years, I've seen my share of mis-managed shelters and this is not one of them!  Clean with lots of space for the dogs.  Great job!!
5	FAR is an excellent place to shop for unique clothing, housewares, art, furniture; just about anything you may be looking for!  Most of the people working there are volunteers, so ALL of the money taken in by reselling gently used items goes right to the welfare and care of the dogs and cats they rescue.  It is a great organization with a very nice staff, and the store is maintained very well to make it easy to browse and save!
2	A very disappointing experience.  I am sure FAR does very good work and thank God we have people who care about lost, unloved pets, but people skills are as important as animal!  We stopped at the Pima Road facility as we were on our way down to a pet adoption event taking place down at one of the pets stores.  It was hard to find the adoption office and when we found it, there was no one there.  We waited about 7 or eight minutes, then thought maybe we were in the wrong place, so we went back out.  There was a fenced in area with someone obviously involved with FAR and two potential pet parents" and the adoptee.  Politely, we stood about 10 feet away from the enclosure so as not to impose or distract the dog while his future people got to know him.  After a few minutes, the FAR lady looked up and virtually growled at us (too much time with the pups?) "Is something wrong?"  Her tone and demeanor was very aggressive and unfriendly.  My husband told her there was nothing wrong, that we were hoping to adopt a young dog and had stopped in to see their rescues.  The FAR woman said, "If you want a puppy, we don't have any", and then turned back to the other people.  Ummm---we said "young" dog, not puppy, but frankly, we want our pet adoption to be fun and with people who share our excitement in adding a new member of the family.  This woman was not that person.  We certainly don't complain about an interviewing process that matches the right pet to the right family or fees that help support the shelter, but I draw the line at outright rudeness.  I expect better manners from my dog!  She could have at least smiled or---if she was feeling overworked, had just said someone will be with you in a moment.  Our search for "The Queen" continues, but it won't be at FAR.
1	Used to be a great place to shop in the first few years it was open (then entirely staffed by volunteers & unpaid board members)  Prices were very low and everybody there was a volunteer...working for the benefit of animals.  Now, the prices have gone sky-high (to pay for ever increasing numbers of PAID staff, including a Manager and 2 "assistant managers" ??) Gee....the place isn't that big!  The folks who do the "heavy lifting" are still unpaid volunteers.  Shame that of the $$$ earned from entirely-donated items, a big portion is going to paying unnecessary salaries. The monies should be going to the animals....as it was originally meant to.
