5	First, my credentials, briefly: I'm a native New Jerseyan but travel the nation for work  When I first heard "fish taco" from a co-worker from L.A., I thought, "Disgusting!"  Then on vacation I tried one at the behest of a friend in Pacific Beach (San Diego).  I was changed forever.  But, the bar was set high.Thankfully, Rubio's is an authentic fish taco maker.  It is a chain, and is similar to Baja Fresh and other "Fresh Mex grills", but with one glaring exception, and that is their fish taco.  The others make fish tacos, but Rubio's has mastered the art.Having a Rubio's so conveniently located in the food court at the Monte has made one of my more well-liked casinos to become a preferred casino.  The routine is that I go in the back, right to the food court, have a DELICIOUS taco dinner (2 fish and one "street" taco, with some fresh salsas, and a soda to wash it down), and then hit their casino for some great gambling at lower minimums than most of the strip.But the food is a no-brainer.  Inexpensive, easy, quick (relatively), and ever so delicious, the Rubio's at the Monte Carlo is one that I visit several times on each trip I make to Las Vegas.  So well worth it.
1	Terrible food and even worse prices. Plus why ask me for my name when I'm your only patron? The steak and bacon tacos were barely edible. I wanted to try something different since we don't have this chain in the Windy City but I was not impressed. The food was so terrible I got McDonald's to make up for it!Visit Date: 11/16/09
5	I am not normally a pain-in-the-ass orderer, only at Rubio's. Because they have lots of things that I like but not all in the same burrito. So I order one burrito and make about 22 changes to it. This Rubio's got it right. EVERY SINGLE TIME. And didn't give me an attitude when they did it, either! I love them.
4	The experience was a good one.  It was a busy afternoon at Rubio's and we had a BIG order for 5 girls who were getting ready for a wedding. I stood in a line of about 4 people ahead of me and then, when it was my turn, I made a $32 order.  One burrito order was pretty much deconstructed (down to the whole wheat tortilla substitution) and then reconstructed.  But they got it all done in a sufficient amount of time and they did it all with a smile.  No attitude whatsoever.  Everyone enjoyed the food and the salsas.  OH...a worker came out to spiff up the salsa bar while we were waiting too.  I love that with even a busy crowd, workers can work in some side cleaning.  That says a lot about the staff.  Definitely hit up this place.  Better than greasy Chinese food or even greasy McDonald's.
5	Best chain Mexican food I've ever had from a fast food place.  More authentic style tortillas and meat preparations.
4	Try the fish tacos. Decent food for a fair price in Vegas.
4	While staying at the Monte Carlo I ate here at least 3 times. The food was fast, fresh and delicious. I didn't realize it was a chain. I wish there were some in Houston!
4	Just like the Rubio's places in California! The quality here is actually VERY good for a restaurant chain in a food court. If you want to have a great meal, I suggest getting a Big Burrito Especial with a World Famous Fish Taco.
4	a chain is nothing special so when i go i always look for service and this one offered great service...open late in the Monte Carlo
3	another place i hit up at the monte carlo for a snack. fish tacos are yummy here, must try! not sure if it's all rubios, but they dont give you tortilla chips unless if you pay extra.
5	I LOVE THEIR CHICKEN STREET TACOS!!!  Btw this Rubio is inside the Monte Carlo ( MGM Resorts employees like Aria,Vdara,Luxor,Mirage etc..) gets 15% off just show your employees I.d.
1	How does this place have a 4-star rating? I came here late one night since I was staying at the Monte Carlo and wanted a quick meal before returning to my room. I ordered the fish taco combo and was disapointed to find that the fish in the fish tacos were nothing but fried batter. After I peeled off all the batter, a chicken-nugget sized piece of fish remained. Not filling at all. Also, what comes in this "combo" you ask? Stale tortilla chips and a small ladle of refried beans.Next time I'll be heading over to McDonalds for a Big Mac instead.
4	About as good as it gets for fast food. I'm usually terrified of eating seafood from fast food joints, but I make an exception for Rubio's. The fish tacos are surprisingly good.... fish tastes fresh and is supposedly raised in a sustainable way. They have quite a few varieties and are constantly rotating new concepts onto the menu. Burritos and nachos are also very solid options. Rubio's is only a short walk away from the Aria so if you need some late night grub and don't feel like sitting at Cafe Vettro, Rubio's is a great option
5	Picked up a shrimp burrito here in Vegas since I can't eat meat today for religious reasons. It definitely exceeded my expectations! It was delicious.
4	Beer battered fish tacos for the win! These are amazing but sometimes overly fried, though the fish itself is always tender and moist. Add some salsa for more flavor. it is a bit on the expensive side for simple fried fish tacos. I would also consider trying the burritos that can be fish burritos, shrimp burritos, or LOBSTER BURRITOS which are all amazing. Regardless of what you get, 2 tacos, or burrito that comes w/ chips, I guarantee you will be full!
3	I ordered nachos, they were pretty good but I was dissapointed with the small amount of cheese and the fact that the cheese was not melted much if at all.  Seemed like the cheese was expected to just melt from the heat of the other items on the nachos.  Service was pretty good and the area seemed clean.
5	This Rubio's is located within the Monte Carlo Resort & Hotel in the food court. The prices are a little steeper because of this but that doesn't stop me from eating here. The customer service I receive is always friendly, they have a smile on their face and for the number of customers they are serving during the lunch rush, the food comes out quick.Their burritos are my favorite. I love their tortillas and their pinto beans. I normally get the kids meal because the regular sized burrito is way too big for me. Their chips are delish...sometimes they need a little salt. If you can make it to dessert then get their churros. They are bomb! Oh and they have a nice little salsa bar with a variety of different salsa and sauces. If you get a soda with your meal then you can get free refills (which is unheard of for a casino!).Besides burritos they also have street tacos, enchiladas, salads and quesadillas. I have heard fabulous things about their fish tacos. Also, they serve breakfast! OMG their bacon, egg and cheese breakfast burrito is to die for. They don't skimp either, that thing is jam packed with all the goods. Yum yum!
5	Fast Fresh Food Inside a Las Vegas casino!! The Rubio's is Fast!! We stopped for the Blackened Mahi Mahi Taco and my husband Loved the fresh fish and the sauce they use.. We will be back next time we have to get a quick bite and we are at Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino in Vegas
3	Love Rubio's at home and was happy to see it at the hotel food court. Ended up stopping by for breakfast because I was in a hurry and there was no line. The bacon breakfast burrito was good, love their salsa. I wish it had potatoes in it. They didn't have decaf coffee which was a bummer, the Starbucks line was too long and I really wanted a cup of decaf.
1	So let's just start off with my boyfriend & I go to this Rubios all the time for taco Tuesday's. Well never again.. So we came here on a Sunday night just because we didn't know whatelse to eat & it's way closer than the Chicken Shack where my boyfriend wanted to go. We come in, there's no customers in the restaurant, the employees looked like they were messing around the whole time. So we ordered 4 fish tacos & asked for flour tortillas. Sat down, waited for what it felt like half an hour for our tacos. (we were the only ones in the restaurant). They brought us our fish tacos, it had corn tortillas instead of flour, I didn't make it a huge deal. We left, went home & called it a night. I woke up around 4 am throwing up, had to call out of work. My boyfriend started throwing up around 6 am & called out of work too. We both got food poisoning from this place! Never again am I going back. One time I did see the cook preparing food with no gloves on when he was also cleaning a different counter right before! That should of been the last straw.. So disappointed, just the thought of fish tacos now disgusts me.
