3	Good reuben and excellent beer selection.  But then again, there's really no such thing as a bad reuben.  I like drinking and eating here, but  am a little put off by the ever-present intense west-side badger fans screaming about how you have to protect players and break the legs of other teams every time I go.  Love the mural, however.  Hot.
4	Grade : BOld school bar and food. Great prices. Decent service.
4	Easily the best place to watch a Packer game in this town.  As long as you've already ordered one alcoholic drink, each time the Packers score a touchdown you are given a ticket for a free drink, redeemable any time for any beverage.  It's generally my favorite place to watch sports - there are several large flat-screen HDTVs, and it's always packed with Wisconsin-sports loyalists cheering on the Pack, the Badgers, the Bucks, and the Brewers.  Woe unto you if you're a fan of their opponents, though.They have an excellent Friday night fish fry, but try going at less-popular times, as there is usually a wait for tables at peak hours.  The best appetizers are fried cheese curds, clam strips, and my mom's favorite, pretzerella sticks - mozzarella sticks breaded with pretzel crumbs, served with a side of honey mustard dipping sauce.  Avoid the bland, dry mini-tacos, and while the french fries are hot and served in massive portions for a pittance, they're nothing to write home about.  The reuben and bacon cheeseburger are delicious, and the chili is hearty and filling.  My friends swear by the patty melt.  Vegetarians are somewhat limited in their options, but in addition to the grilled cheese sandwich (get it on rye), there is a veggie burger available upon request (though not listed on the menu yet), and it distinctly lacks the gnarly odor often emitted by Boca burgers and their ilk.  No desserts are available, though there are several dessert cocktails, and Michael's Frozen Custard is just next door.The mural is a beautiful tribute to Monroe St. landmarks, and there's a roaring fireplace in one room, though you might not want to sit next to it - it spews heat in large quantities.  Prices are absurdly low for a bar in the city.  The atmosphere is a welcome contrast to places like the Old Fashioned - where the Old Fashioned is full of "ironic" old-school Wisco decor, the Laurel has it authentically.If you get there when they open, you may be greeted by an adorable, friendly yellow labrador retriever begging for petting, but she's gone by the time the games start up.  Sometimes the service is slow, especially when servers are new and the place is packed; you may have to flag down a waitress like hailing a cab.  But they're always friendly, especially Melissa.  The drinks don't skimp on the booze, and if you have too many, you're able to leave your car there overnight while you sleep it off at home (not that I would know anything about that...).
3	A definite contender for our "Winchester" -our go-to neighborhood pub like The Winchester in the movie Shawn of the Dead.
4	In case you were wondering if Kate T's comment about free drinks with Packer touchdowns is still true, I can assure you that it is.  Just think about a 6 touchdown rout over the Giants....six drinks per person! The Laurel has a good selection of tap beers, a decent amount of bar food apps, and I've heard their fish fry Fridays are amazing and cheap. The only drawback is that the bartenders basically need to be smacked in order to notice you unless you already know them. It felt as though they really didn't want me to drink, which stands directly in contrast to what I want while watching a do or die Packer game. If you live in the area, or if the packers are playing a weak team, come here. It will be worth your while!
4	Comfortable, relaxing neighborhood  place. We bring the whole family.  It wouldn't be a destination restaurant, but we live nearby, so we return again and again. Simple burgers and fries menu. I wish they  served fresh tomatoes on the burgers.
2	Pretty standard bar food. I would not recommend it unless you were in the mood for simple fried or grilled food. Maybe a beer too if you're a middle-aged Packers fanatic. It's a cozy little old-American joint that honestly just reminds me of life in the suburbs, minus the gigantic portions.
5	Small neighborhood tavern with lots of regulars,  it seems. I had a great burger and a couple of beers. Great service from friendly staff.
3	The current free drink policy is one free drink ticket for the first Packer touchdown of each half when you already have an alcoholic drink in front of you. Less generous, but still nice (although I hear rumors that the High Noon Saloon gives out free shots for every Packer TD, "my  people" are here).
1	We have loved the Laurel in the past but tonight they were awful on all points.  Took my girlfriend for her Birthday dinner unfortunately. We were told 30-35 mins and were seated almost an hour and a half later.  Rail booze old fashioned was $6.25 per.  Don't mind paying for a good drink but thought that was high for a neighborhood bar.  When I asked another bartender what a bourbon old fashioned cost he stated $5.  The last time we were there they were $3.75 so not sure where the price list resides.....and no it was not a happy hour issue.Hash browns were other-worldly.  Like no other I've ever had and we dine out often and hash browns are a go-to for me.  Our normally fab walleye were both way overcooked.  Never offered the night specials while other tables were.  She never stopped back after setting the plates down.  The hostess did clear the salad plates and brought our check 10 mins after we finished. Never offered dessert.  I will say the salad was acceptable.I have never left such a crappy tip in life but I thought it was deserved. It was not a "it wasn't the waitress' fault" as she played a major part in the failed birthday dinner. Honestly one of the worst dining experiences ever not sure when we'll go back.  Might ha try someplace new after this.We thought maybe we peed someone off there?  We went through the scenario and could not come up with anything we may have did or said-nothing.  I did gp and check on our table after an hour or so???I have heard Fitz' on the Lake and Villa Tap both have good walleye might try those next.
3	It's been years since I dropped by the Laurel, so when I was running some errands in the Dudgeon-Monroe neighborhood the other day, I thought I would pay my old haunt a visit.  I'm always a sucker for a good Reuben, so I selected the "Best Reuben Around" from the menu along with a bowl of chili.  After eating the Reuben, I would consider renaming the sandwich more along the lines of "The Best Reuben within a Stone's Throw".  It was an OK rendition of the classic sandwich but nothing worth getting too excited about.  When I first saw the sandwich, I almost considered returning it, since it looked like it was burnt to a crisp.  However, that was more a function of the color of the rye bread rather than too much time on the griddle.  I really enjoyed the bread component of the sandwich.  The thick slices of marble rye held up well to the moist interior and the time on the griddle added a nice crunch for some textural contrast with no greasiness.  I also was pleased to notice there was no caraway in the bread.The weakest link of the sandwich was the dressing.  It was watery and didn't add a lot of flavor.  Meh.The sauerkraut, while applied in the right proportion was light on flavor and crunch.The corned beef was your average tavern-grade meat, it was lean and tender, but didn't wow me with the flavor.  I also you have liked more corned beef on a sandwich with no sides that set me back $7.45.The chili was above average bar food and had a homemade taste and feel.  It had none of the problems often encountered with bar chili.  It didn't have the grittiness that occurs from adding too much chili powder.  It was loaded with tender ground beef and tomatoes, giving it more of a stew-like consistency versus the soupy consistency of some bar chili variants.  Most importantly, it didn't have the greasiness that plagues other versions of this dish.  While far from transcendent, I'll definitely consider grabbing a bowl the next time I'm in the neighborhood.
4	Good food. Local crowd. Good selection of taps. One of my fave spots to take in a game.
2	I have been to the Laurel a handful of times, and my most recent visit was the worst out of them all. The food is OK, nothing too fancy, just your typical bar food. The prices aren't bad but I have yet to receive good service at the Laurel. The last visit the waitress was so rude, you could tell that she didn't even want to be there. My friends and I had called ahead of time to ask if there was a wait, we were told there wasn't one, less than ten minutes later when we arrive, there are several people lined up waiting for a table. How do you go from no wait to having several parties waiting for a table? While waiting for a table this particular waitress was rude when we asked her how long the wait would be. Her response was "I have no clue, you are just going to have to wait". When we were finally seated and handed menus, she walked away for several minutes before returning to take our drink order. When she finally came back to get our order she proceeded to walk away before all of us finished ordering. She then proceeded to ignore not only us, but other restaurant patrons as well, when we (and they) tried to flag her down for a simple request (requests for a refill, additional cutlery etc).Now I'm not expecting for any waitress to be overly friendly and bubbly, but this woman was clearly in a horrible mood. No smile, no how are you, how can I help you, nothing. I have never received friendly service at the Laurel, which is one of the reasons I don't go there often. Not only did this waitress have a foul mood, but she made it known that she did not give a rats a** about anything.One of my friends decided not to tip her at all because she was very rude the entire time, and my friend was so disgusted by this woman's attitude. My friend has ALWAYS left a tip no matter how shitty the service, but in this situation she felt that this woman did not provide the service one would expect. Come to find out a few weeks later, that this waitress wrote in a $2 tip on the credit card receipt, after my friend had written a ZERO in the tip section. Who does that? I will NEVER return to this place again. I have also heard that other newbies or people that don't come here often have complained about service before, and that those complaints were not taken seriously.  If you are a regular, chances are you will be treated way better, but if you are a newbie or someone that doesn't frequent this establishment often, do not expect fair or even decent customer service. If you don't care about the quality of service, and want a good greasy burger, then by all means visit this place.
4	This place is the quintessential American tavern. Cheap greasy food and beer. The couple times ive been in the staff is always friendly and attentive and the food is pretty good. I typically gonwoth the basic burger and fry but their ruban isnt too bad either.
3	Good food, bad service. Our waitress was so rude I couldn't believe it. We came in on a Sunday around 2 p.m. to a minimally filled restaurant and never got even a "hi". We received a "what do you want to drink?" I had to get our own menus and service was slow. On the bright side, there was a younger gentleman there working in the back who popped out to help the tables our waitress was ignoring (I hope that isn't true, but it sure felt like it!) and he was as friendly as can be. Thanks to him, we were able to order and be treated like we were wanted there. I wish I could say it was a fluke, but judging from another customer I heard complaining to our waitress about her service, I'd say I wasn't the only one dissatisfied here.
4	My family LOVES the Laurel Tavern! One of the best fish frys in Madison and an even better prime rib on Saturday night! We also love going there on Thursdays for their prime rib sandwhich special. Their burgers are just average but their specials will make up for it!!!!!
2	This review is based, solely, on the service aspect because we didn't stay to experience the food. We stopped by for a casual lunch on 7/14/14 at around 2:15pm, there was nobody up front. After sitting and waiting for someone to appear for a bit, my boyfriend stuck his head in back to give the bartender a heads up we were there. This to which he received a very unenthusiastic response. She came out and said "what do u want to drink" with a pretty significant eye role. Needless to say, we will not be offering our business to a place that treats their customers like this. Note to management: I read a couple reviews that resemble our experience, today. This isn't a one time incident.
4	Burgers and fries are a little pricey for what you get but the service is quick and the environment is nice. Pretty good environment for kids too; at least during the lunch period and on a weekend.
3	Best cheese curds in Madison! Service is generally not very good they can be slow and don't seem to care if you need anything after food is dropped off.  Prices are a little high for bar food.  But poor service and slightly high prices wont keep me from going back for curds.
5	We had a wonderful reunion of friends at the Laurel. The service was great and the food outstanding.  I think it was the best swiss mushroom burger I've every had. Prices were very reasonable and there were enough TVs for everyone to see the game.Will definitely be back.
3	The Good: Service was very fast, and it was a busy Friday night. Beer selection was great. Had a lot of local beers on tap which is always a plus for me. The Meh: The food. Nothing was bad, in fact I would even say it was a decent meal. It just wasn't memorable. I have been to a lot of fish fry places in Madison, and all of them had something I remember, from the ambiance, to the food quality, or even the drinks. I feel like in 3 months I won't remember anything about the fish fry at the Laurel. So for me, there are many better fish fry options in Madison that I would go back to before the Laurel.
