3	Grade: C+Good food, excellent prices. Okay service from the smokin' hot waitresses.
2	This is one of many "sports" bars near the stadium.... and near my home.  I usually end up here not for the sports aspect, but for the near-home aspect.  My meterology roommate is to blame;  he drags me here for tempting reasons such as "one beer!"  or "It's weather-man appreciation day."  How can I say no?   (He fancies the bar because there is always one television showing the weather channel).It's easy enough to carve away some space, if no where else than at the sidewalk-window.  I can get by.  .. and enjoy some great conversation about what precipitation probability means.Anyway, I'm getting at a point here.  The point is, while the conversation is pretty geekishly delicious, the beer never is.  It's always off.  I coulda sworn the Stella Artoise was switched for bud light.  The next visit the Newcastle was weak and smelled like sour socks.  Is lucky's getting old kegs or treating them in the sun?  I don't like their funk beer.  2 stars.
2	You're better off walking a couple blocks East and going to Jordan's.  Way better sports bar atmosphere, better deals, more bar games and waaaaaay better food.  Lucky's is a sad shell of the former Oakcrest, which was always a favorite in the neighborhood.  There is the occasional good drink special and the food can be hit or miss.  All the stadium area bars have their niche, but I can't name one thing that Lucky's does really well.  Yet, even though I don't have anything good to say I can't really badmouth it too much either. It is just kinda bland, boring and wholly mediocre.
4	Home of a surprisingly good fish fry on Friday nights. No wait, cheap prices and attentive staff. Other than Friday's? There's better bar food.
2	Probably deserves something closer to 2.5 stars... we stopped here on Saturday night with the hope of catching a Razorback game.  The Lucky's website indicated they had 55 televisions, so it sounded like we'd have a good chance of seeing the game on at least one of those 55 TVs.Walked-in to the place at around 8:00pm; it was largely empty.  Being a college bar, I'm guessing it doesn't start to get busy until after 10pm.  True to their claim, Lucky's has a ton of televisions and they're very well managed - they can tune any individual TV to any channel you'd like them to.  So many bars have 20 TVs, but they're all sharing a single connection.A waitress greeted us, took our drink order and brought us food menus.  We ordered pints of Miller Lite ($3.50 each) and browsed the menu for a bit.  The menu has a ton of offerings - everything from nachos and chicken strips to pizza, reubens, burritos, burgers, and grilled fish.  We went with simple options - a cheese burger, a philly cheesesteak, and an order of pub chips.  The waitress suggested their special "pub sauce" for the chips, and we agreed to try it.Food arrived quickly - the burger was good sized, cooked well, and tasted good.  Obviously a freshly made burger, char-grilled, and plenty juicy.  The cheesesteak (I ordered it with chicken, rather than beef) was large, juicy, and flavorful.  The onions/peppers were a touch greasy, and they used some type of BBQ sauce on the chicken, but it all worked well.  The pub chips were fantastic - essentially thick-cut potato chips that seemed to be freshly fried.  The sauce was decent as well - some type of spicy sour cream creation.  The waitress confessed the chips weren't homemade, but it didn't matter - they were tasty.So why only 2.5 stars?  The food was decent, the service was great, the televisions were stellar.  But the place is first and foremost a college bar.  And that means it's not real clean, the patrons aren't real mature (there was a group of guys sitting at the bar who were about as annoying as anyone could ever be... "Show us your boobs," "bew-bew-bew-bew-bew-bew!" and "Dude, I was like, dude, no way dude you're like, dude, really?") , and there's that ever-present scent of stale beer and vomit lingering just around the corner....Oh, and the other ding: they charge you for every little thing... the burger?  $6.  Add cheese = $0.50.  The Philly = $7.75.  Add pub chips = $2.25.  Add sauce = $1.00.  Soda = $2.  Beers (3) = $10.50.  Before we knew it, our bill was over $30, which isn't a big deal - until to consider you're in a college bar on Regent.  We tipped well - the service was really good, grabbed our jackets and made our way past the ever-growing crowd of college kids.So, Lucky's - neither a win nor a fail.  We probably won't go back (unless to try the fish), but we wouldn't go so far as to actively avoid it.  Service = 4 stars (prompt, friendly, attentive)Food = 3.5 stars (decent, tasty, well prepared)Value = 2.5 stars (nickel and dime you)Misc = 1 star (somewhat dirty, smelly, loud, obnoxious, but with good TVs)
2	it's large, and there's a lot of people there.
3	We squeezed into Lucky's Bar & Grille's beer garden after the Badger's homecoming win against Minnesota.Very busy place, filled to max!  Many heavy celebrators, but no obnoxious drunks!  It was a fun time!  Great place to celebrate!   It would have been nice to see what the inside of Lucky's was like, but perhaps on another trip to Madison on a non-football weekend!
4	This place is always a lot of fun, especially during sporting events (naturally, its a sports bar!). Although when there isn't anything going on its still a great place to grab a burger and a beer. Pretty good food and drink prices and they even offer a free shuttle to hockey games! small parking accommodations though.
5	Great staff, great food! Not just a fantastic badger football game beer garden!
1	The worst bartender in town works here!! BEWARE! I believe his name is Daniel? Horrible customer service. I will not return until he no longer works at this establishment. He has a short temper and should not be working in a customer service field. I was at this bar last night and he tried to start something with my boyfriend over a corn dog he order? Which was on their late night menu (this was at 11pm?) apparently he had turned his equipment off and he only got the fries he ordered...my boyfriend questioned where his corn dog was? and the bartender goes "COME HERE! COME HERE! (takes him aside) You wanna start something?" Minutes before this happened I took a seat at the bar to play photo hunt, I was sitting next to an acquaintance and said "oh I'm gonna come sit next to you" and quickly say "just kidding, I'm gonna play photo hunt, you wanna play?" The bartender blurts in, "Why would you wanna be with that douchbag?" I thought he was kidding, I really thought he liked my boyfriend as the last time we were in that bar, he (the bartender) was talking to for quite a while. I only had one drink and the two guys I was with each had two beer. Nobody was drunk or acting up? He literally freaked out over a CORN DOG. We were all confused and talking at our table like WTF? and the table next to us said, yeah he just cut us off so were leaving and we're not even drunk. I worked in a bar for quite some time and this group was fine. They were drinking, playing games and really not even being loud. He told my boyfriend to leave in front of the whole bar while he was sitting eating his fries with me. He then told our friends at the bar "he doesn't know what it is, but my boyfriends face makes him want to punch him." Pretty strange guy, somethings loose in his head. TOTALLY unexpected and TOTALLY miss treated, my boyfriend has been going to this bar for over 6 years and was friends with the previous owner, but he refuses to return until this guy is GONE!
4	Pretty typical sports bar...def recommend their nachos.
4	Lucky's has done a great job recently upgrading both the TVs and the food.  I have liked their food over the past two years, but more recently, things seem to have taken a step up.  I had the fish fry a few weeks ago, and it was significantly better.  I had the cod, and not only were the portions generous, the new batter was outstanding flavor and the seasoned baked potato was a great surprise.  By the way, try the $1 tacos on Tuesday nights, an awesome deal and great flavor.  Overall, this is very nice spot for lunch or dinner, and they always have an good drink special.
4	An update - Was in yesterday for lunch and had some quesadillas with pork, and they were outstanding.  Try them!
2	Descriptive phrase: a promising pub run poorly.My friends and I used to practically live at Lucky's. We were as close to being regulars as you could be without working there. The bartenders knew us, the food was good and plentiful, the suds were flowing, and good times were had by all. My, how time changes places.Lucky's is one of the few bars on Regent that used to openly accept the college scene while still trying to cater to the locals. The place itself is rather large inside, with a hidden back area. There are tons of flat-screen TVs everywhere, with a few games and blaring music. The specials used to be great, with dollar corn dogs and beers on Thursdays being my favorite. We knew the bartenders by name and they made good and cheap drinks for us, serving the food quickly. At some point, it was like a light switch flipped (a former bartender later told us the owner lost it and started demanding change). Immediately the bartenders were sullen every day, making weak drinks and complaining, yes complaining to a customer, about any request that wasn't "vodka sprite" or "beer". They went from loving us (we must've spent hundreds of dollars there over the course of one school year) to verbally expressing their frustration with serving us. The bar started catering more to the fratty crowds coming from smaller colleges in the area and capitalizing on their drunken tastebuds and open wallets. Some staff left, and the staff that stayed got either lazier or more frazzled. They even lost my friend's credit card one night in their rush. I will always have fond memories of the past Lucky's, but I don't plan on returning anymore. It's not a horrible place now, but it fell from such heights.
3	Great big bar. They have a bull on certain nights, which can provide some entertainment. The drinks are reasonably priced and the waitresses/bartenders are hot! Yay college town!
2	Waunakee location.....good beer...over priced....food good...customer service lacking.....ordered deep fried cheese curds, bartender said kitchen lost order...did not comp. for mess up in  kitchen...bartender didn't not care about food mess up.  And guy sitting at table behind bar sat there for over 20 minutes before a older(maybe manager asked if he wanted anything.)  Very poor custmer service all around!  Would tell poeple to think twice about going to Waunakee Lucky's location!  Management needs a lot of work!
5	Luckys is great for groups, or on your own. The fish fry on fridays is the best in madison (IMO) and the burgers are nothing short of amazing. Cheap drinks, good eats and a great staff make lucky's one of the best sports bars in madison. I'll definitely be back.
