3	It's a bar and restaurant in the basement of Oxford Center, the big octagonal skyscraper on Grant and Blvd of the Allies.Decent happy hour specials, pizza, veggie wraps, and a great selection of beer for Downtown; nonsmoking.  Middle-tier restaurant; not a quick lunch place, but a sit down place where the food will be a bit better, but cost a bit more.  If I'm drinking with coworkers after work, this is where we usually wind up.
4	I've been here for lunch and happy hour a few times. Everytime I've gone, I've enjoyed myself. For happy hour there's a mixed crowd which is nice for Pittsburgh. You have groups in their 20's, 30's, and 40's. It's great when it's warm outside b/c then there's more room b/c it can get fairly crowded after work for happy hour. Lunch has always been surprisingly good at this place. I'm not sure why I have low expectations for these type of places, but I guess I thought they would only be good at bar food (which they are) but they have excellent salads. I'm not even a salad person and I LOVE their salads. I usually get the grilled salmon salad which has been awesome, but I have friends who have gotten the steak salad and the chicken and strawberry salads and have had equally positive experiences. I definitely recommend checking this place out for drinks or food.
3	This is one of the few downtown places where you can get a nice lunch. There is a center bar with TVs and a patio for outdoor dining. I normally order the strawberry chicken salad since it is one of the few salads that is available year round.They serve good portions and have friendly staff. You do have to pay for parking so it is not a place I would visit on my own unless I was meeting someone for lunch.
3	Eaten here twice now.  First time had the beef and cheddar, the second time I had the Sante Fe Burger.The Beef and Cheddar was very large, but nothing stood out about it.  The horseradish sauce was weak.  I like it with a little kick...actually the bigger the kick the better.The Sante Fe Burger (I believe that's the name)  Came with nacho cheese, blue tortillas, and green chilies on it.  The burger was cooked perfectly, but nothing stood out in regards to the flavor of the meat or toppings.  And I love green chilies in tacos, burgers, and white chili.I had fries both times.  The fries are taste, but extremely soggy...you feel like you're eating oil the entire time.
4	Surprisingly good food.  Better than most bar atmosphere's because of large glass doors that open out to patio.  Wait staff was fast and friendly.
4	"You're not going to order one of those Ninja Turtle pizzas again are you?" That's the question I usually get from friends at pizza joints. Why you ask, because I like to pile up my pizzas with all kinds of good (and usually healthy) stuff to the point that a slice is almost impossible to pick up.While Easy Street has an awesome looking menu, I went straight for the pizza and will go right back to the same thing next time I'm there. My basic, build your own pizza looked something like this....margarita pizza, easy on the cheese, with chicken, braised pork (first time I've ever had that on a pizza), hot peppers, mushrooms, artichokes, spinach and fresh basil (which was shredded and piled on high)...the whole thing was delicious. It's the first time I've ever seen braised pork offered as a topping, but however the chef prepared it, I thought it was amazing.The atmosphere is pretty cool too. The restaurant is at the bottom of Oxford Center in Pittsburgh and has a large dining room and bar area, as well as plenty of outdoor seating. A large garage door serves as a wall and in the summer is lifted up give that outdoor feel to the more comfortable, air conditioned dining room.They've also got a great beer list and while I haven't been there for happy hour, I did notice that it always seems to draw a crowd.
4	I had the Cajun wings with homemade potato chips. The food was good and I liked the atmosphere. The highlight for me was the service. Kyna(pronounced keena) was our waitress and she was top-notch. Probably top five best experiences I've had at a restaurant in Pittsburgh. A little pricey, but I didn't mind at all. Hell, everything is pricey nowadays.
5	Easy Street is the best downtown spot to enjoy a beautiful, relaxing lunch or dinner right in the middle of the city.I absolutely love the ambiance of this downtown restaurant. The patio is such a cool, hip place in the summer.  Grilled chicken sandwich with fresh avocado is my favorite. Everything tastes so delectably fresh and  flavorful. The service is always top notch too. I've also been here for a friend's rehearsal dinner, which was awesome. The party was a hit and the food was incredible. I'd recommend this spot for anyone hosting an event.When I come to Pittsburgh, my hometown, to visit I always stop at Easy Street to meet up with friends and family. Love this downtown gem!
1	Not only is this place disgusting when it comes to the taste and variety of food but its overpriced and the service absolutely sucks. I chose to come here with a few friends after work for some appetizers and drinks... it took the server over 15 minutes to even notice us. We ordered finally, everything at once because we weren't sure when they would be over next. luckily the drinks came in a timely manner, as did the food but that's what tops it all as to why this place is horrible. the food was REPULSIVE. the quesadilla was soggy, the cheese tasted almost moldy and swear I found a bug AND a hair in my food. I couldn't have been more disappointed. I left and i highly recommend everyone to do the same. you will not only be disappointed but you'll probably get sick.
1	I've been going to Easy Street now for years because I work in the building and it's a convenient place to come with friends.  Although I'm not a big fan of the food I would often come down for happy hour on Fridays.  On a whim I decided to give the food another chance and pick up something from the side take-out area for lunch.  To make a long story short, I have never been treated so rudely.  After 20 minutes of standing around waiting for my wrap to be ready, I was denied what I ordered because I'm pregnant.  The man making the wrap felt it was his duty to make substitutions to my food without asking me.  I overheard him telling the cashier.  When I said I didn't want the wrap that way he said, "That's it. End of story."  I immediately asked for my money back, which I got.  But I left empty-handed after being humiliated and wasting half of my lunch break. I overheard the manager tell the cashier that the wrap-maker was totally ridiculous and that he would be talked to.  No one said a word of apology to me.  I will never go to Easy Street again.
1	I wish I were able to review the food, but unfortunately I wasn't able to try it. I arrived at 6:30 pm on a Monday night to meet friends after work. I was starving and was quickly reading over the menu. When the waitress noticed me doing so, she said "sorry...kitchen's closed." Seriously? 6:30 pm and the kitchen's closed? The waitress informed me that there weren't enough customers so they decided to close the kitchen. Apparently they just pick arbitrary times to shut down their food operation. My friends, who arrived at around 5:30 pm and had only ordered drinks, said that the waitress was inattentive, had a bad attitude, and didn't seem thrilled to be at work. I can attest to the bad attitude as she was completely unapologetic about the kitchen closing. I guess it's not a bad place to grab a quick lunch, but I wouldn't go there after 5 o'clock if you're planning on eating dinner. I'm hoping the waitress was just having a bad day and doesn't treat all of her tables the way we were treated.
4	Although I have not yet been able to try the food, I feel than an update to my original review is appropriate. After learning of my sub-par experience, the event coordinator reached out to me to apologize and assure me that she would take the appropriate steps to correct the underlying issues. She was contrite and seemed to be genuinely concerned with my bad experience. In my opinion, customer service is as important as price, quality, and atmosphere. Mistakes happen and every one of us has bad days. It's how a restaurant corrects those mistakes that separates a good restaurant from a great restaurant. I am now convinced that my experience was an isolated incident, rather than a regular occurrence. I will definitely return to Easy Street in the near future, and will recommend the restaurant to family and friends. I'm hoping that their food is as good as their customer service! If that turns out to be the case, I'll likely update my review to 5 stars.
2	Food is awful! And I didn't meet a employee that wasn't a jerk (to say the least). The only good thing about the place was the bar. draft beer system was amazing and it was also clean I enjoyed it very much but I do not recommend the service there it was disappointing.
3	I have never come here during the busy lunch hours - happy hour is my time of day. I always come with co-workers because it is the only bar area in the Oxford Centre that we can go to (we work at the other). We come maybe once or twice a month. Their food is okay. I usually eat the nachos or spinach-artichoke dip. Both are delicious and filling for the price. Their wine selection is terrible, so I end up drinking something on draft (whatever the special is).This place isn't terrible for the occasional downtime after work, but if it disappeared, I wouldn't miss it.
