3	First in Flight used to be a bunch of tables and a bar, but as of a couple months ago, it expanded into a sushi-piano bar serving sashimi, special rolls, and a variety of beers/cocktails. Rolls run between $8-$12. Apps include Edamame, Seaweed and Squid Salad, Tuna Poke and Sashimi plates ($5-$8).Our waitress, Amber, is a little on the slow side with the turnaround for food/drinks, but she is one of the nicest waitresses I have ever met! The sushi is probably a 2 star, but if you're craving it you may as well come here since Charlotte sushi options are dismal. You also won't find anything even close to sushi in this airport unless you want to get some broccoli beef at Mandarin Express. Yeah.... not the same.I would recommend the Sky Captain because the yellow tail in ponzu sauce is quite fresh. The seaweed salad is what you would expect and served in a decently sized portion for airport standards for $5. The Orville is pretty good but has alot of sweet sauce on top. The Queen Charlotte is not bad, but kind of bland because it's composed of a bland soggy tempura shrimp. And the International Roll would probably be my favorite because I love eel and it's hard to mess up eel.If I have any recommendations for the business, I would improve the quality of the sushi rice.
2	Big pieces of sashimi, but not very much flavor.  Kirin ichiban is on tap, but its $7 per beer!  not great but it is nice to have a sushi bar in the airport.
3	Pleasantly surprised! I have layovers in Charlotte almost every week but was too hesitant to try until yesterday (I knew I was about to face another week of trying to live off of omelets and Burger King salads in Tallahassee because I refuse to eat fried chicken and grits... yes that is all they serve here). Menu is nothing spectacular, but has all the basics. I ordered 2 salmon rolls and edamame. Salmon was fresh and the rice was perfect. Edamame was... edamame. Servers were extremely nice and helpful (although that could just be because I'm in no way accustomed to southern hospitality). Expect to pay $1-2 more per roll than you would if you were A) not in an airport, and B) not in Charlotte, NC.
3	My wife and I had a minor layover in the Charlotte airport.  Since we flew in from Vegas via coach, we were hungry.  There were several of the normal airport venues, i.e. - fast food.  We saw the sushi bar and decided to give it a try.  I ordered 2 Kirin drafts and they were $7.50 each!  My wife had two glasses of Ecco Domani Pinot Grigio at $9.50 a clip.  I realize it's an airport but geez.Anyhow, we ordered the Sky Captain Sashimi, the CLT roll, and the Queen CLT.  All were excellent.  The Queen CLT features a light tempura batter.  The CLT was different than most rolls we've ever had.  My wife doesn't eat sashimi so I had the Sky Captain by myself.  It was great and the jalapenos are a nice touch.Overall, very good.  Too pricey, but good.  Service can be a little slow but sushi takes time and they seem to do a brisk business.
4	When in Charlotte, enjoy some sushi instead of the typical overpriced fast food normally found in airports.  It is pricey, but no worse than any other sushi bar.  I recommend the Tuna Poke.  Served in a Martini glass and SO delicious.  Perfect place to spend a layover.
4	It is what it is.  The sushi isn't amazing, but its still probably one of the best deals on food in Charlotte Airport.  That doesn't make it a good deal, just one considering where your at.  I figured it up and there was a bento box that saved you a couple bucks over buying the items seperately.The seaweed salad and spicy tuna was good, the fish was fresh, and the chefs were really quick with it.All this said, if I paid this much for mediocre sushi at a regular restaurant, this would be a 1-2 star review.
3	I was very surprised how fresh the Sushi rolls where for being in a airport restaurant. I couldn't give them a five star ratting because of the lack of knowledge the the waitress had at the table service. I suggest grabbing something from the case and then sitting down to eat it.
4	TIP: Sit at the bar. Under the counter is a power strip. All seats, all the way around. Plug in, then get a draft and a roll. Watch TV. Play on your phone. Whatever.And that my friends, is enough reason for four stars. The sushi is okay. The prices are okay. You won't rave, you won't get sick, and you won't be hungry afterwards.
4	Quick service, large portions.  One Roll can feed two.  Quick get in and out when you are tight for a connector.  Hissho Sushi is the actual Sushi Bar at that location.
5	I have passed this place oh so many times & it was only recently that I finally had enough time to actually sit at CLT Airport to grab a bite....This was definitely the place.The sushi was just so delicious. Very fresh, large, and full of flavor. Great menu selection. I selected the price section as "spendy" because I am adding on an appetizer & optional beverage.Nothing like a hot saki, cold beer, and yummy sushi to enjoy before getting on a packed plane.
4	Ok, if this place was in Downtown Charlotte my review would be different.  It's in an airport folks so I go in with low expectations.Let's face it most airport food, is overpriced and crappy.  First in Flight was actually pretty good.  For what you get it is reasonably priced and probably the best value at Clt Douglas airprt.Service was quick and the sushi was fresh and flavorful.  The rolls were pretty typical.  It's right in the center of the main terminal so there's plenty of scenery for you to enjoy while you're eating.I fly out of CLT pretty often and will definitely come back here vs. venturing down a concourse for something else.
5	Best airport sushi I have ever had, hands down. Be careful with the CLT roll, it is SPICY!
4	Many times I have passed this fairly new outpost at CLT, but I had 20 minutes to snack and found a spot at the bar for a quick bite and drink. I had the CLT roll, and a glass of Kim Crawford wine. Aimee my server had it on my plate in no time. Despite the all disposable glass and plate ware I was very impressed. Back next week, do they do sushi for breakfast?
4	A regular stop of mine when traveling through CLT.  The food is regularly of good quality, the takeaway selection is great, the staff are friendly and my service is always quick. My most recent stop in was just last week - picked up a roll for takeaway as I only had 30m between connecting flights.  The restaurant is located in an open area of the main 'between terminal wings' area so there isn't an enclosed seating area - the closest you can get to outdoor seating while being inside an airport terminal.  Being that the customers are usually on the way to somewhere else, the staff are used to serving at a pace to keep everyone moving it seems.  Not in a pushy way to get you out, just swift enough to keep you moving on time to your final destination.  The sushi won't make you sick and it is a refreshing change from the usual fare of deep-fried and greasy food you get in airport terminals.
4	15 % discount for military .  A great location and great service.  Thanks Antoine!
4	after being in disgusting tequilera or taqueria pronto! mexican food definitely need a drink specially since this places are all disgusting.  i have a bitter taste in my mouth after ordering eating half my food before i throw it away. disgusting restaurant.this bar people is very friendly drinks are very good good price good service deserves good tip always. i recommended for all of you don't have an idea what to eat or drink well this is the place something fast.
2	This is a sushi joint in an airport, so you have to drop your expectations just a little bit. Now normally I am fine with low expectations, but the prices here are what you'd expect to pay for pretty decent sushi - not frozen fish. No disrespect to the chef, since the menu was fun and the rolls were creative, but charging $15 for a roll made with frozen tuna isn't gonna earn you a high review.  Expect grocery-store sushi taste.This is a great place for people watching, which almost earns it 3 stars.  But not quite.
5	One of my favorite places in Charlotte NC Airport to eat the sushi is incredibly good and service is always first class. I recommend the southern charm roll.
