3	This is pretty nice, to have a forum to gripe about hospital food.  Carolinas Medical is a top notch hospital, I used to go here every time I broke a bone in my childhood days (and that was quite a few times).  The nurses are all very friendly, not too many witches around.  The food is no good!  I don't want to be in the hospital anyways, and when I eat I want that to be comforting.  The macaroni and cheese is dry and not really that cheesy, the bread is cold and the meat-well it probably isn't even meat.  The servers were some sweet older ladies though; they assured me that they go across the street to eat.  I don't blame them.
5	I have to say that CMC-Mercy is very likely my favorite hospital in the area.  It's not easy to find (which might be why I like it).  They don't have a great parking area.  Blink and you will miss it.  But the emergency room is top-notch.  They are hands-down the friendliest people I have ever met in a hospital, and they will call after you've been there just to check in and see how you are doing.  Great care.Generally the line isn't too bad - my guess is that it's a function of the fact that you can't find the place, tucked in as they are behind Presbyterian hospital.  At first, I figured they were a back entrance to the other hospital or something.  But I'm glad that I did.
1	I've been hospitalized here at least 3 times in ICU for 2 week stretches for severe breathing problems and pneumonia. The first time I was admitted i was stuck in a room the air was set to something like 76 degrees. For someone who is laboring to breathe, coughing continuously to circulate oxygen - this is unbearable. I broke a sweat. When I requested them to turn the thermostat down (I had my own in the room) I was told it wouldn't help because they were moving me to my permanent room shortly. 4 hours later - I have requested the air to be turned down several times - I'm still in the same room. And I'm being repeatedly told to sit up, it'll help me breathe. Finally, I had to get mean with the nurse - and I'm NEVER mean to medical help. She finally realized that I'd now then been laboring to breathe for over 6 hours, was exhausted, in pain and had no more patience and turned the air down. I didn't get my permanent room til nearly a day and a half later. Every other experience there was nearly as bad. Although I have to say that the third and final time I gave them a chance I was sent home after 2 breathing treatments and released. An hour later I was back in the hospital, this time I went to Presby, and diagnosed with walking pneumonia and hospitalized for a week. Mercy is a joke and I only suggest going there if you have no choice - like post-mortem.
3	Until recently, I had actually only been to Mercy for emergency room visits.  I am afraid to say, there have been more than a few of them.  Luckily, not all were mine.  They were however at least kept to the family - it is not like I am picking up people off the street and taking them to the emergency room, at Mercy or elsewhere.On this visit, I had to get some lab work.  Now I was never a fan of labs.  The mad scientist lab on Movie Macabre, perhaps.  But the type of lab you would have to do in biology?  I was too busy creating (and yes, throwing) spitballs across the room.  Still not the right kind of lab, yet I hope you get the idea how I am not a fan.The visit starts with the parking.  Mercy has never been strong here - they excel in friendliness, not in convenience.  For the emergency room, you get a nice - almost cozy - parking lot.  For the main entrance, parking is decent, but not particularly close.  Luckily, I scored a ride from some guy in a golf cart.  I am lucky that he did not seem to be a fan of Movie Macabre.  At least, if he is, he was working, and did not have time to 'cart' me to the woods.  Had he done so, I was at least close by - and how far can a golf cart really get before it dies from lack of juice?Once inside, the main entrance has been redone.  Completely.  It is really quite impressive.  Unfortunately, they have to pay for all of that, and what should be a really simple process of sticking you becomes a rather tedious check-in (including a wristband), a journey to another floor, and waiting, waiting and waiting some more.Finally I give just two tiny vials of blood and get to leave, without so much as the courtesy of a reach around (or even a ride back to the car via the golf cart).  Then I get the bill.  Lovely.  No wonder they could afford all that remodeling.
4	I generally only review food but they certainly earned me stepping outside the box.I spent all day yesterday at CMC Mercy for my step fathers knee replacement.  I couldn't have been more shocked from the experience.  I parked on the far right wing and was greeted within 60 seconds of exiting my vehicle.  I was actually headed down some stairs in the parking area and a gentleman a trash can offered me assistance.  His name was Larry and was extremely kind and pointed me in the right direction.The staff inside was equally as impressive.  They were very kind to my step father as well as my mother and I as we waited.  Prompt updates were made and the facility was extremely clean.  The DR visited late in the evening and I know he was there for a very long day.  He was very kind and wasn't in and out.  I'm just floored with the difference this was from hospitals I have been in the past.  I like to avoid the Dr. office at all cost, but if I ever need the services of Mercy, I feel comfort from this experience.
5	My review may be a little emotional however the staff at this establishment have bowled me over. I've spent 4 of the last 10 days here with my mom as she has gone through a batteryof test. From admissions to Radiology on the 2nd floor we have been treated with the utmost respect and care. As a care partner not only did they check on my mom and her comfort level they checked to make sure I was okay. After being there for hours on end everyone still had smiling faces and caring words of encouragement . All I can say is Thanks
