5	Ron & Ronnie are stand-up guys.This small, family-run business is quite simply the only place I would bring my vehicles.  I trust their opinions, prices, and work without any reservations.I've been coming to this shop for over 5 years!  Sometimes they are busy, sometimes they aren't, but either way, they care about the quality and reputation of the work they do.If you are looking for straight answers, fair prices, responsible workmanship, and respect for your vehicle, this is the shop you want to go to.
5	5 stars isn't enough! This place is awesome. Had an alternator replaced here, bought my own part, was able to take the vehicle in right after calling, had it replaced the same day, very reasonable price, didn't even have to ask for the old part... it was already neatly placed in the box the new one came in and left on the passenger side seat for me by the mechanic (got a surprising amount back from it from O'Reillys for the old part, ended up making the repair half the cost other shops wanted). A family member also took a vehicle here with what she thought was an alternator issue, but ended up being the battery. She received prompt and friendly service as well, I don't know how much time he spent looking over the vehicle to diagnose it but they didn't charge anything. The only downside to this place? Now I REALLY want a Blue Heeler /= haha
5	I will never take my vehicles anywhere else! This is the best, most honest and great Company. Thanks!!!!!
5	Hands down, the best place.I've been going to Ron for years! I once took my car into the Honda dealership for a major checkup where they tried to sell me $1,500 worth of service/parts, and decided to take my car to Ron for a second opinion... good thing I did because he saved me $1,500. I ended up not needing any of the service/parts Honda had recommended, and Ron showed me why. They are so honest, do such good work, and are always so quick to get your car back to you. I will never take my car anywhere else, and I always refer my friends and family to them.
5	Been taking my 03 Taurus to Ron Jr for 2 years now. He is always honest and fair. Doesn't give you any bull trying to get more money out of you. Thanks Ron!
