5	I go to Italy quite often and I've had my fair share of authentic Italian gelato and, in most cases, mediocre gelato in Italy is pretty much on par with the best "gelato"  here. Chez Vincenzo is about as authentic as it gets in Montreal and it's certainly the best  I've had here.My barometer is the Nocciola (hazelnut) flavour - most ice cream places here just can't seem to nail it and you're left with an odd powdery after-taste. Vincenzo's was creamy and delicious. If that's not enough of a barometer, my bf recently moved to Montreal from Italy and has been despairing over what we pass off as gelato here; he was pleasantly surprised by how authentic Vincenzo's was. The place itself is basically a small locale with a counter and a few tables but it was very clean and I loved the attention to detail as even the ice cream scoopers bore a familiar Italian ice cream brand logo. Vincenzo himself was very sweet and pleasant. He explained to us that he had studied the craft in Italy and was scrupulous about making his gelato as authentic as possible. I can't wait to go back and eat my way through the rest of the flavours!
5	Another great addition to Villeray!I have had real Italian gelato many times, and this is the best I've had on this side of the pond.The flavours change regularly, giving you the chance to try totally new flavours (sesame was one of the best i've had). The owner is super-friendly too.
4	best gelato in town!i can't get enough of the pistachio gelato despite not having enough nuts. i love them with more nuts so you get more crunch and a more complete experience.but the best of the best is definitely their take on "rhum aux raisins" made with marsala. its sweet, has a light alcohol taste and oh so mouthwatering.they do cafe and other stuff too but you know, its all about the gelato.i'm docking them a star because of the price. compare to what's around, they are pricier. its really good but you know, price vs quantity, falls a bit short. still worth it though
