5	Nielsen Diversified is a 20,000 square foot interior design studio located between Bomberos and Corbin's on the east side of Central Ave., north of the canal. The space is home not only to a showroom but also a custom production and design studio, distribution center and the general office of "Designer Mike" as seen on Bravo TV's Kathy Griffin My Life on the D List. -- Perhaps, Sunnyslope's biggest celebrity!?!Their award winning line of permanent botanicals, arrangements, planters, vases and canvas art is sleek and contemporary and can be found in Bomberos, Corbin's, the W hotels, and Robb & Stuckey's across the country.They supply interior design professionals, retailers, the hospitality industry and commercial and business accounts.
5	Dear Mike, As Debbie Boone said in the mid 70s for over 52 weeks, You Light Up My Life. As Elton John belted out so many times, You're Like A Candle In The Wind. And as the Doors famously sang Come On Baby Light My Fire! We all know it's about the accessories right. And Mike, girl, you sure know how to decorate. Thank you for prettying up our restaurant with your votives, vases and va va voom! Your votives provide just the perfect lighting for our guests. Kinda like the soft back lighting Barbra Streisand demands in any film she makes. And a visit to your showroom....was like...nirvana baby! I totally wanted to play house like I would do at furniture stores when I was a kid. Ok a teenager. Ok Ok...like I did last week at Crate & Barrel. Sheez! And yes. If you want to introduce Kathy Griffin to me, I suppose it's ok. Obviously her career could use a boost and I think it's important to help those out that are less fortunate! Kisses, Thomas
5	Usually only to "the trade", I always wondered what was in the  unobtrusive, modern concrete building on Central Ave near Bombero's. My eyes were opened at the first Sunnyslope Art Walk when their doors were opened to the public. A stunning array of modern home decor (wall art, tables, pots, vases, etc.) items with a slightly industrial, ever so very slightly rustic flavor. Updated but not trendy, classy yet with a  little edge.  And big.  Most of the pieces are scaled for large spaces.The decor theme is coherent in terms of colors, materials and shapes. The gallery is not like a home decor store with something of every style - the shapes, colors and look are all in the same theme. This of course means if that if you are looking for colonial, Tuscan, frontier, retro-mod, or anything outside of their scope, you won't find it here. Personally, I could do my whole house in their stuff if I had the money and ceiling height. At the last Sunnyslope Art Walk they sold directly to the public for that evening only. We got a couple gorgeous, large planter pots to put outside our front door. We got a reasonable price and the folks who helped us were just plain nice people with whom to deal.
2	My boss asked for a referral for an interior designer to decorate our new office building so I reached out to the Yelp community and got turned on to Neilsen. I sent all the contact info on to my boss and she was thrilled that I had a referral for her so quickly! Brownie points for me! Nosomuch. While Nielsen might be extremely talented, his follow through and time management were less than adequate. He wouldn't return my boss' phone calls without her leaving him several messages, was 2 weeks late turning in his proposal, and would go out of town for weeks at a time without letting her know he was gone....I could go on and on, but really, I don't want to re-live the embarrassment again. I know there is the chance that perhaps there were some crossed circuits here, especially since there are so many positive reviews, but honestly, something was amiss with this experience and that's why the low marks (I don't give a lot of low marks normally and it pains me to do so).I'm not saying don't use this company, because they are probably extremely talented, but I would evaluate the situation you're in before you recommend them to someone so you don't end up in the same predicament I am in.
