5	Tons more toppings than Red Mango and more flavors to boot!!  Even better than that is that you PAY what your yogurt weighs.  I think it was like 35 cents an ounce.  So it doesn't matter how many toppings you put on it.    The atmosphere is more of like a dairy creamery place geared towards families as opposed to the more modern look of Red Mango but that's not what you're here for.  I like this place better than RM for sure.  Just more variety and better value.
3	Very nice how they have a self-serve system.Alot of toppings.Very good prices compared to most frozen yogurt places.Excellent coupons.Although, the flavor still misses a few marks. I only tried a handful of them but none really grabs attention. However, their vanilla is very tasty. Their tart flavors could be a bit more tangier.
5	I like my tart yogurt with a LOT of fresh fruit.  I hated paying an extra $1.50 at other places to get a small amount of fruit.  Now I only go to Yogels where I can load up my yogurt for less than the other local tart yogurt shops.They have so many rotating flavors.  You can check what they are currently offering at: http://yogels.com/content/current-flavorsI recommend the Raspberry Tart and Wild Strawberry.  They have a lot of toppings.  Plenty of fresh fruit and they even have caramel and fudge.Check the local papers and coupon books for plenty of 2 for 1 coupons. It usually costs me $4-$5 for a large portion.
5	The GF and I have been here numerous times and will keep coming back. It is a nice little place that offers 8 different flavors at a time and LOTS of toppings (candies, fruits, cereals, and sauces). Outside seating as well as inside is available. I think the charge about 37 cents an ounce. Personally I like their tart and low sugar fro-yos. This most recent trip I had the Kiwi and Plain Jane. Both were tart with that real yogurt taste. Usually topped with fresh blackberries. The ice cream flavors here are good but not my fave. I usually stick with the tarts and fruit flavors here. The GF really loves the Red Velvet Cake Batter. They say they just randomly change their flavors, so one day the could all be different than the day before. Give them a try they are a local shop not some huge chain so support your locals.
2	OVERALL RATING:Service: 3Decor: 2Food: 2Dog-friendly: Yes--------------------------------------------------Plus (+):Well priced and a lot of outdoor seating.Minus (-):Although the toppings are fun, they're not very good. The chocolate chips should've been a lot better. I don't think there was a whole lot of thought behind the quality of toppings they provide. The toppings bar was not well stocked, and considering the amount of customers in the place, the toppings bar was way too small and we had to wait in line to get our toppings.  A huge pet peeve of mine is wastefulness. They use one size of Styrofoam container (it's pretty big) and no matter how little you want, you have to use the XL container. Somewhere a piece of land is getting filled with this stuff:( --------------------------------------------------This fro-yo is OK. I think this place us more for kids though. I don't think I'll go back unless someone drags me...
4	this is a fun frozen yogurt parlor. i love how it's self serve. i mean, if you're the kind of person that loves mochi on your frozen yogurt, then by all means, put as much mochi in your cup. there is nothing more gratifying then getting exactly the right proportion of toppings to frozen yogurt. warning: because you have the power to put whatever your heart desires, you may be tempted to put in all of your favorite treats. that's all good, but remember the finished product. creating the perfect cup is art. don't be mixing in toppings that wont taste good together! AND the best part: umm, self serve samples!!!!
4	Good fro-yo at a reasonable price. If you can't make the drive to the strip from Summerlin, this is the next best place. Their tart could be a little more tart, but its nice and smooth.
5	i love, love, love this place! A great treat for after a hard workout at the gym! Best yogurt place in town!
5	I really like yogels. yes, good as it gets for yogert. I never even liked frozen yogurt that much, nothing even stood a chance of being half as good as ice cream even if it was healthier, I always have said I choose ice cream it's worth it! But then I met yogels, and I have to say the taste is darn near as good as ice cream (I'm not sure how they did it, but they did it). Later this week I'm going to give roxberry's yogurt a try, see if it is anything like yogels (look for a review). xo S.ps: my choice- vanilla yogurt with a few yogurt chips and then some gram cracker and cheese cake bites (yea I found a way to make it fattening anyhow!!!)
3	I stumbled upon this place when I was trying to get to Cupcake Lane Bakery which turns out is closing! (I had a groupon)Inside there's a couple of flavors that you self serve, you have your original tart, raspberry, chocolate, mint, white chocolate macademia (not so great), peanut butter, and something else. its 30 cents per ounce which isn't too bad. I had chocolate and peanut butter and I tried some of the other flavors. Peanut butter is by far the best!  There was also a large number of toppings including.. cheesecake!!! Would go again if it weren't for the fact that its all the way on the other side of vegas for me ._.
4	I go to Yogel's often.  The yogurt is always tasty, and they rotate flavors often.  They have started carrying one no sugar added flavor which is nice.  Nothing is nicer than to sit on the large patio on a summer night and enjoy your yogurt while you watch planes on their way to McCarran.  I love this place!
5	This is our go to spot for froyo.  They have about 10 or 12 flavors at any given time with the plain jane always on.  You can't go wrong with it.At $.30 an ounce, and toppings galore- you can eat til you're sick.  Throw in a 2-for-1 coupon, with e-mails from the yo-club coming about weekly (sign-up on website), we won't go anywhere else.  And when we go, we go big- but usually ends up, after coupon, about $5 total- which is A LOT of dessert.  And I think they will honor any froyo/ice cream coupon you have (theirs or a competitors).Fav toppings: hot caramel, Reese's, graham cracker, cookie dough, cheesecake, cherries, yogurt chips, and a ton of others.  What sets Yogels apart is their toppings/yogurt set-up.  Toppings are on an island by the yogurt rather than at the end.  So, put in some yogurt, add some toppings, more yogurt, more toppings, and so-on.
3	It seems like a frozen yogurt joint is on every block-- I have at least 5 within a 5 mile radius that seemed to replace all the passe trend  cupcake shops.Yogels, however, is my household's go-to spot because of 2-for-1 coupon from their e-mail club.  Their yogurt flavors are pretty boring and unmemorable (but with a nice selection of toppings) but you seriously cannot beat paying $4.00 for yogurt for two people. The yogurt may be marginally better at Menchies or U-Swirl but, damn, $12.00 for two people? Um, no.  I'll take my Yogel's 2-for-1 and hope for improvements in the meantime.
2	I live in a sea of fro-yo joints. Seriously, there are nearly a dozen in a two mile radius. TCBY is all I've ever known and I haven't been to one since I was 16. I figured it was time to see what makes these shops worthy of every street corner. Chosing one was difficult so I chose the one closest to home. Four of us, went in about 9:30 on a Friday. We were clueless how the self serve stations worked thankfully the gentleman working took time to explain. Flavors on hand were vanilla, banana, plain jane, chocolate, dark chocolate, cheesecake, pistachio and cappuccino. Between everyone in our group we sampled them all. My nephew loved the banana, aside from that it was only the cheesecake that was liked. However, the concensus was that it tasted like coconut not cheesecake. The pistachio was runny and not very good, the other flavors seemed very artificial. My husband and my sister only took a few bites just enough to try each of their selected flavors and decide they were inedible. I have no basis to compare the fro-yo so I'll give it two stars, but it was highly disappointing.
3	Been coming here since it opened because it's only minutes from my house. I have to say my opinions about this place has changed over the years. At the very beginning, the flavor was super creamy and just not as tart (even for the tart flavor) however after a year or two, I actually feel like the original tart flavor has changed and improved (maybe I'm psycho). but anyways, Yogels offers 6 flavors daily and rotate often. Most of their yogurt is more on the creamier side so it's not really my taste now. They also have a wide variety of toppings but also syrup and whipped cream. They also added a sweets section to their store so you can buy candy by the pound too! Large areas for seating both inside and outside.
