5	This place rocks the block.  And SoPho *needs* to rock out every now and again.Their donuts destroy anything that Dunkin Donuts cooks, or boils, up.  They aren't into that silly cake-donut fad, as DD has seemed to have fully endorsed.  Sure you can get them there, but its not their entire inventory.  Personally, i love the cherry frosted, which has tit-jabbed the strawberry frosted right off the top of my list of favorites.  Mmmm!Their coffee is JUST right and is freshly brewed very frequently, you can just taste it.As a topper, their prices are so ridiculously cheap, I always feel bad using my debit card thinking they must have to pay some sort of banking fee.  I try to spend at least $5 to make up for it, but two donuts and a coffee doesn't even add up to that ... plus, I won't make myself feel too bad for fear of becoming a fat and fleshy bargain-donut-hunter.I don't know how many of you hang out in SoPho, but if you ever see yourself scoring a dime bag, swing by Donut Central while you're at it for some sweet munchies!
5	I love cake donuts so much, so I'm really glad I don't attend more gatherings like church services or potlucks where donuts are often served because I would be in serious trouble. Since I stay away from these types of events and therefore from temptation, I'm fortunate enough to only have a truly serious craving (the kind that will actually drive me to go online and look up the closest donut place) every so often. The other day, after hearing about Dunkin Donuts' recent re-opening, I got one of these cravings - a serious, insatiable longing for a cakey, moist, buttery donut. Thanks to Yelp (and Eric P's review), I found this little shop right at the intersection of Central and Southern (right near the South Phoenix Ranch Market location). My husband and I went in around 3 pm and got two cake donuts to try (one chocolate and one cinnamon crumble). They were only $.75 each, and they were absolutely perfect. The texture and flavor were exactly how they should have been, and we were especially impressed by how fresh (and not stale) they tasted for the time of day it was. Only problem now is to figure out how to not make this place (which is basically on the way from our house to anything we go to in downtown or Central Phoenix) a regular stop!
5	A coworker has been bringing in donuts from Donut Central for months now (since the last quarter of '09), and I've been meaning to write a few words of praise for their very tasty and light-as-air (Look Ma, no greasy fingers!) fluffly donuts that offer amazing great mouth-feel!  While I've sampled only a few varieties (plain glazed; plain chocolate-glazed; chocolate-glazed plain and chocolate donuts w/ crushed peanuts; maple-glazed plain and cake donuts; crullers; and solid and Bavarian cream-filled eclairs-- yeah, just a few), my favorite would have to be the crushed peanut-topped chocolate-glazed plain donuts.  The plain chocolate-glazed is a VERY close second, as I love the mocha-flavor the glaze delivers.  (Perhaps the peanut flavor overwhelmed my tastebuds so that I didn't notice the hint of coffee in the chocolate glaze that the crushed peanuts rested on, but I'd wager that the shop uses more than one flavor of chocolate glaze.)  It would be almost impossible for you to make a bad choice when selecting a donut variety here, if it weren't for the off-tasting Bavarian cream.  If you're looking for a delicious version, check out Bosa's.  (Too bad I won't be able to enjoy another one of those, though, as I had to endure a papule on my cheek for weeks-- one of many, less-painful symptoms I often have to suffer through due to food allergies.  Not worth it.)Disclaimer: Don't know what the price-point is, as I've never had to pay for the boxes I've shared w/ other coworkers.  These donuts are so good, though, that I've had to ask donut-guy to stop bringing them in.  Coworkers who've invested hundreds of dollars trying to lose weight on the HCG diet had begun to wonder if I had a secret agenda.  Nope.  No agenda.  Just trying not to eat them all myself!BTW, the jumbo croissants are d'lish!  They stay nice and fresh even when they're a day old!
3	Best donuts in South Phoenix. It is the one thing that makes working over there totally worth it. The maple bar is fantastic.
4	OK, I can't believe I haven't written a review on this place. I have been here on and off over the years for a good ham and cheese croissant. They never fail, and their donuts are delicious as well. Highly recommend...
1	Negativo,  I guess that they are good if you like hard, stale donut with no flavor, If you want  a good donut just make the trip to BOSA on Glendale....
