4	We have become fans of Five Guys Burgers.  Tonight, I got a cheeseburger and fries for my wife because I was going to the Strip for dinner.  I ordered online for the first time because this new outlet is so close to my house.I left a bit early and it was good.  Downtown Summerlin is still going through the opening weekend and the number of cars trying to get in was huge.  I was forced by Metro to drive around.  I wanted to give him a finger salute but I thought better of it!It was worth the extra time.  I arrived at Five Guys at the time I had said I would pick up the burger and they were just finishing up.  The place was slammed and there must have been 12 employees behind the counter.  Even with all the people in the restaurant, there was no line and the employees were efficient and knew what they were doing.  There must have been some good pre-opening training!!My wife reports that everything was very good.  I'm sure we'll be there more often as things quiet down a bit.Welcome to the neighborhood, Five Guys!
5	Awesome new Five Guys with Shakes! Near the new Trader Joes at Downtown Summerlin off Sahara & 215! I ordered the Salted Caramel Shake & my husband tried the Oreo Shake! Usual great service & yummy burgers & fries! Very clean and friendly staff! YaY busy by noon tho!
2	I went on a Wednesday during the busy lunch time around 12:30 p.m. Parking sucks. I had to park far. I got the little cheeseburger and an order of fries. It's my second time at this franchise. I was overwhelmed by the menu with the various toppings so got one with everything but mustard. I thought it was pricey for a smaller burger and fries for fast food, almost $9.I got my to go order. My bag was so oily. I got some grease in my car seat which I later had to wipe off. Gross. I know I'm eating burgers and fries but the greasiness through the bags turned me off. Greasy, solid burger, & the patties were juicy. Nothing special but not the worst burger either, just your standard burger you can make at home. My fries was a huge serving. I gave half away. I wasn't crazy about the fries.This just confirmed I'm on Team In-N-Out.
5	Best burger and fries i've ever had....burgers are fresh and juicy try it and you wont regret it!
5	Just tried Five Guys for the first time at Downtown Summerlin. The food was fantastic and the prices were very reasonable!  Can't wait to eat here again! You pay one price for your burger and all your toppings are included. The food is fresh and very filling!
5	5 stars for a fast food place?  Yep. Get the bacon burger. I always do the little burger since I don't need two patties. The bacon here is so super crisp. I can't believe I just analyzed fast food bacon. It's clearly not the  thick cut applewood smoked concoction you'd get at a restaurant, but it works so well with the burger. Yes, the bag gets greasy. That's because get don't just fill your fry cup, they then dump another scoop over everything. The fries are on the thicker side with skin. I prefer fries with skin. They're crisp and also soft. I crave these fries. Perfectly salted. I don't ever do In-N-Out because I think the fries are awful. So, I can't compare burgers since it's been so long. All I know is that I won't touch In-N-Out fries with a ten foot poll, and I never ever eat fast food burgers, but I absolutely LOVE Five Guys. This is a wonderful addition to Downtown Summerlin!
3	This new Five Guys has very friendly staff but the cheeseburgers and fries were bland. We were there four lunch and I had a cheeseburger with barbecue sauce and mushrooms and you'd think that would be tasty but nope. They were out of pickle slices the day I was there so my daughter went without. The fries were large but had no flavor. They give a generous portion and We ate what we could and took the rest home. They were tastier heated up with some seasoned salt poured on. The music was great for me - 80's hard rock. I may give it another try in a month or so.Update: I never eat two hamburgers in one day but this day I happen to have In and Out Burger that evening. What a difference! The In and Out was super tasty and .... They weren't out of pickles!
5	After hearing about Five Guys, I was glad to finally try it.  The burgers are great!!!!  I had lots of extra toppings on my burger, and it was done just right and did taste like mom's and dad's cooking.  You can't beat munching on the peanuts while waiting for the burger -- great idea!!
4	I'm not a huge fan of Five Guys. When I lived in the  Bay Area, when one opened up in my local mall, I wasn't that excited since people in the area were mostly In N Out loyalists. I ate at the Flamingo/Fort Apache location one time when I was rushing to get to the airport and was a bit grossed out by the soggy, oil-filled bag I had to carry food in. I've been avoiding Five Guys ever since, but due to a long wait at the newly opened Sports Clips next door, I decided to come over to their new Downtown Summerlin location since I was starving and my husband couldn't leave the waiting room. This place actually did impress me. Everything was clean and the workers were beyond professional. One of the customers ahead of me just didn't understand the very straight-forward menu and was clarifying every-little-thing, but the cashier behind the counter answered all questions with a smile (whereas I was starving and wanted to choke them). Aside from said customer, ordering was fast and easy (I should have listened to the cashier when she said the "Little" order of fries was all I needed). The kitchen is open so you can see everyone working in sync with each other. If they saw someone lingering around the pick-up area, there was a worker there asking if there was anything could get them while they waited. Condiments area was clean and filled and of course, they have everyone's favorite futuristic soda dispensers with a ton of choices (including my favorite, Ginger Ale!). The bag my burger came in was still grease-stricken, but I didn't mind it so much here and I happily scarfed down my bacon cheeseburger next door.
5	Five guys is always excellent for a burger and fries - this location is no exception. The burgers are always juicy and amazing, the fries were fresh and crispy. The service at this location was also friendly and fast, stop here for a quick lunch!
2	I'm giving a below average rating due to the service level and being out of a condiment on more than one occasion - NOT for the quality of the food.I have been to this new Five Guys 5 times in the past 6 weeks.  Twice (last night and again about 2 weeks ago) - they were out of pickles.  How is a hamburger place out of pickles?  Go to the grocery store and grab a few jars so that you at least have some...who cares if they aren't your typical brand you use.   You should not run out of basic condiments and think it's okay.Additionally, I've placed two orders for carry out - BOTH times, they have messed up my order.  I got home and all burgers were missing tomatoes (which on the receipt did say to add tomatoes).  The time before that, my to-go order was missing tomatoes and onions...They have a TON of people working there - surely someone can pay attention to what the orders ask for.  I spend $30+ and I expect to get what I ordered.  I should not have to double-check to ensure the toppings are on the burgers.  This is not rocket science.  And one time would be forgivable, but again, it's happened twice in about 3 weeks - so I'm sure it's not just my order.  They need to get it together at this new location.   In the meantime, double-check your orders if you get a carry out.  Otherwise, SO much better than IN N OUT burgers -- which have the smallest patty of meat that you will ever see.  It's  a joke.  I do wish Five Guys would offer a turkey burger!
4	Double thick yummy beef patties are the norm - Score!A zillion add-on ingredients- Score again!Friendly, super fast service - Yes, and yes!I am SO EXCITED that this little spot is right down the street in the new Summerlin Downtown shopping area. Have already hit it a couple times on the way home. I get BIG brownie points with the Husbear showing up with a delicious dinner in hand, and 5-Guys makes that SUPER EASY! ...And if you do not know what a "Husbear" is, Google it! It is a great slang to know. :-)
3	Good and tastey just not like another burgwr group which I feel it resembles. The overall experience here is decent. The place is clean and inviting.The menu is simple and if you need assistance then the overly happy associate will be more than glad to explain the entire menu in one breath.I chose the Jr Bacon cheese burger which is basically a normal burger with cheese and bacon opposed to their regular burger that comes with (2) patties.Wait time wasnt terrible l. A 1/4lb burger cooked to afterlife should not take 8mins to complete start to finish.Ill take In n Out anyday over this..
