1	Ick...Went here one night because the traffic on 51 was uber crazy and my bff was craving seafood.  It was a Monday and Captain Steve's was closed, so we decided to give this place a try.  I know my fried oyster habit is unhealthy, but what is a girl to do?75% of the items on the salad bar were canned veggies or plastic salads, the fried seafood needed salt and the fries were mushy.  It just wasn't good.  The ladies that served us couldn't be sweeter, though.  Great gals at Pier 51.  Now, I will concede that people are territorial and loyal to their calabash house,  Maybe it was an off night for the restaurant and I wanted something else, and I'm too picky about salad bars... who knows.
4	I'm going to give this place four stars and let me tell you why.  First off, it's no McCormick & Schmick's but it doesn't carry the price tag either.  I will agree that the salad bar isnt exactly eye catching but it works.  I think just about every entree comes with one trip to the salad bar.  Again, it's nothing fancy but it's edible.  As seen in the photo I recently had the fried platter for lunch that came with a stuffed crab, flounder filet, four fried oysters, calabash shrimp, fries, hush puppies, and one trip to the salad bar.  All of the food was pretty good but I will say I wasnt a huge fan of the stuffed crab, it was just kind of ehhh.  The flounder, oysters, and shrimp were cooked perfectly and all for about $8.65 not including tax, tip, and drink.  For that price you could hardly go to the grocery store and buy a pack of breaded frozen shrimp which wouldnt be nearly as good...yuck!   The waitresses have never been anything but friendly evertime I've been there.  While this is no where near the best fried seafood I've ever had it still isnt bad, and for the money it's hard to beat!
5	Very fresh seafood, love the fact entrees come with the salad bar.  The prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.  Everything is good!
3	Took the family on a Saturday night and overall we had a good meal.  Service was excellent. Waitress checked up on us a few times. The salad bar has a good variety and everything tasted fresh. The cole slaw was especially good.  I had broiled salmon with a baked potato and my wife had fried flounder with a sweet potato. Both meals were good The prices are reasonable.  It was busy and seems to have a lot of regulars which is a good sign. It is not fancy but it is a good place to have a seafood meal.  The only gripe I have is that the men's room needed a good cleaning and an upgrade.  A nice clean, modern restroom goes a long way with me. Even though it may not relate directly to the food being served, it sets the tone of the place to me.
4	Nothing fancy. Just honest food for a great price. Popular with Seniors and families. For about $10 you get a full meal with salad bar. Great friendly service. Family owned and operated.
4	I must say, we are pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food.  We've only been twice but both times our party has been really happy with the food.  We've tried broiled fish, scallops, shrimp, steak and fried fish.  Everything is cooked and seasoned perfectly.  We think they skimp in some areas (salad bar, decor) to compensate for the quality entrees, work for us!  Oh and the service has always been efficient and friendly.
5	Wow ....food is cooked to perfection...I came here for lunch buffet was $8.50. It was all you can eat with a salad bar and that is seafood with all of the hot bar along with baked chicken fried chicken shrimp and grits with delicious. I will be coming back here if I'm in the mood for some good seafood at a decent price and the place is very clean and nice. I have been back to this place twice since I found it..They have the best baked fish I will go there again today for lunch
4	I feel in love with place when I was in college. If you are caving seafood this is the place to go. Every time my family come up for a visit they request Pier 51. They have great lunch special that will not break your wallet. They just added an all you can eat buffet to their lunch menu. The staff is always friendly and even the cooks comes out and makes sure you enjoyed your meal. You should check them out if you haven't.
3	Food: I ordered the broiled flounder with fried okra. The fish was good, very lightly breaded, but there was a pool of oil that detracted from the point of getting the broiled fish. My mom ordered the friend alaskan white fish with calabash shrimp and onion rings. Some of the shrimp weren't cleaned and the onion ring batter was bland. Service took a nose-dive when we tried to use the coupon from Clipper Magazine. I went into the restaurant flaunting this coupon, but the server didn't help us use it. So the man who rang us up claimed the coupon couldn't be used with what we'd ordered. I don't know which small-print he was referring to, but it didn't say it couldn't be used with the daily specials. I found this rather rude and don't care to go back.
4	Wish we'd known about this when we lived in Charlotte.  A hidden gem.  Food is plentiful, very tasty, service professional, clean, quiet atmosphere and an owner who is on the property and very involved.No wonder it's been here so long.  I do wish they would have music in the background, that would be nice since it's pretty antiseptic.We'll be back, that's a definite.
4	Our favorite seafood resteraunt in Charlotte.  We are a bit spoiled having grown up in Florida where super fresh sea food is everywhere but Pier 51 does a really good job with what is available.  You won't leave hungry either as the portions are huge and salad bar comes with dinner.  They recently added a lunch buffet that I am anxious to try.  The owner actually works there and will not only listen to suggestions he will actually ask for your opinion when he is changing menu items.  The wait staff has always been top notch and the food quality very good and fast every time we have been there.
2	Food is very fried, which is not something I enjoy. The salad bar appears unappetizing between the very soggy lettuce and the greyish eggs. I was very amused to see that they had A&E on their TVs after reading another review where they had brought their kids and had to watch one of the crime shows. We also had crime shows! That didn't bother us at all but I did find it amusing. Our server was very pleasant and we had a great time. The decor is lackluster and the place was very empty. The biggest factor in the low star rating was the food. It wasn't tasty and it stuck with me for a long time. It was not my cup of tea.
4	I bought a LivingSocial Deal and I went with a friend this Thursday to check the place out. We went in around 7:30 and the crowd was dying down. We were seated right away. I told the hostess I wanted coke, the waitress brought me Pepsi and as soon as I said Pepsi? She realized how I felt and offered to take it back right away and she brought me back sweet tea which was not in the ballpark of Bojangles or McDonald's but totally drinkable. They bring out a bowl of hushpuppies and butter. We ordered Demetri's Platter ($13.99) which had deviled crab, popcorn shrimp, flounder, oysters, scallops, and clams. It also came with a side and I got onion rings - perfectly respectable. My friend got a small entree of calabash style shrimp and fried okra ($8.99) and really liked it. We also both got free salad bar included with our entrees - I got salad and coleslaw off the bar and saved the coleslaw to have with my meal. I would not say that overall the atmosphere and the food add up to true outerbanks NC seafood but overall I'm pleased for a nearby place with good prices and pretty good food. I would go again. With my tea and both entrees the total was $25 so with my $20 LivingSocial Deal it was just $15 out of pocket total and we both took home plenty of leftovers. I thought the seafood was even better the next day. There was something on the menu called "Green Shrimp" we didn't check it out but apparently its just a measure of the size and its in between the popcorn and jumbo sizes. Also the man who appeared to be the owner greeted us when we came and checked on us about 10 minutes into eating our entrees to make sure everything was good. We also sat the LivingSocial deal voucher on the table as soon as we arrived and not for one minute did I think they treated us any different which sometimes I think places do. I like that they have small and large portions of many things. I would go back - for sure. Good service, good food, good price. Thanks Pier 51!
4	If you're looking for good, affordable fried seafood, there's no place better. It's not fine dining, but it never disappoints. Good service is a plus.
1	Waitress was friendly to the regulars but seemed to dislike new customers, which we were.  This will be our first and last time there.Clam chowder tasted old and had no seasoning.  Shrimp were ok...hushpuppies were ok.  Fried flounder tasted horrible - tasted like the smell inside of an aquarium.  Never tasted fish that bad before, not even from places like Long John Silvers (Long John Silvers tastes much better than this place - yes, it was that bad!).  Captain Steve's or Mayflower are much better alternatives for local seafood places.Never again.
4	Meal includes a trip to the excellent salad bar. Fried flounder, shrimp and scallops don't disappoint. Orion rings are very good. Hush puppies are very good.
4	A great place to rekindle date night on a budget!  My wife and I ended up childless for a rare evening so we decided to treat ourselves to a night out.  No reservations on a Friday night usually means long lines but we decided to stop in for seafood here and were not disappointed at all!  Despite an open style dining area, the ambience was comfortable and casual but still had a nice "wharf" type feel to it.  The food was amazing.  I had the Swordfish Steak which was absolutely great.  No overpowering seafood taste or aroma; you could tell it was fresh and very tasty!  My wife had the Broiled Shrimp and Scallops while not only tasted great, was well presented and set the tone for a nice relaxed meal. Our server was very professional and the overall experience was much better than we had hoped for on a busy Friday night with an impromptu date.
2	Great customer service!Now for the bad:Horrible water quality. My tea would have been yummy if not for the nasty water. Had to drink a cola so the water quality was better masked. Food was Meh. Seafood was not very good. Hushpuppies was yummy, onion rings horrible. Salad bar was very limited. Everything was fresh, but reminded me of a middle school salad bar.Wish it was better. Felt very down home and welcoming
1	Honestly, I can't say enough about this place. First of all, the owner is incredibly rude. I've been here with my boyfriend and his father many times, and the owner will chat happily with the men at the table without so much as a peep to me. I hate to say this about some one but he's openly ignored me every single time he's come to the table. The service is actually great from the waitresses. All of them! Kudos ladies!The food is subpar, bland, and frozen. The portions are gigantic, which normally I love because I get seconds the next day, but even though I take food home every time, they're thrown away because I never have any interest or desire in eating this food again.Any time you feel like trying it, do yourself a favor and skip it.
1	Terrible unprofessional service!!!  I only gave them 1 star because theres no way to choose NO star.The boys (yes boys) that took our order were super unprofessional. They were hollering across the restaurant to each other over dining customers. I have shellfish allergies and made them aware of my issue. The response was "do you have another order to place"...there was no acknowledgement of my concern.  Our order took 40 mins to fill and thry only had 4 other tables being served. Not only was our order wrong once recd, im not confident that they made any accomodations or quality control over my order. Not sure if they have switched owners or they have decided to let these incompetent unprofessional kids run the place. Either way, paying customers expect more.  This was truly a low class establishment and will never get my business again. I will be spreading the word.My advise, take the drive to Steves. They know how to treat their customers.
1	This place is horrible! Small portions and the service is terrible. The food definitely lacked some flavor, I would not suggest this to anyone.
1	Didn't really like it. Definitely better options out there. Fish had no taste. Soup tasted like melted butter. *barf* and I can't comment on hush puppies bc in general I don't eat fried foods. Took one bite was enough for me. I guess you can try it just to try it. Why not..
1	My wife and I were there for Dinner on Friday night, Jan 2. We've eaten there many times before, but the prior visit was uncommonly bad, and we thought we'd give it one last chance. Service was awful. After we were seated, we waited almost 10 minutes for a server to greet us and take our drink order. She never came, and instead, the Hostess took our order for drinks and food. Food took a lot longer to come out, and when I got mine it was broiled instead of fried as I had ordered it. My wife's tuna was well done; which is a real no-no for tuna! The server never came back to check on us, so we didn't have the opportunity to get the order remade. The only time the server came back was to drop off our bill. When I went to pay the bill, we expressed our dissatisfaction to the cashier, expecting to be referred to the Manager, but she didn't even say sorry, then took our money. It's unfortunate when a formerly nice family restaurant goes thru changes so negative that you don't want to ever come back. CHARLES WUNDERCharlotte, NC704-763-0409.
