5	A couple months ago, I had to see an ENT and I had called around to a couple of offices and was very pleased right off the bat by the friendliness and sincere concern offered by the staff at Entegrity over the phone. They were able to fit me in the next morning, which was fantastic!Once I was checked in and all my new patient paperwork was filled out (very quick process) I had virtually no wait time before Dr Bailey came in. Again, he showed sincere concern for how I was feeling and offered several options to ensure that the treatment fit my needs.I've had to see him again for a separate issue and the staff at Entegrity as well as Dr Bailey were consistent with their amazing care.
2	I have been a patient of Entegrity ENT for several years and was transitioned over to Dr. Bailey due to the fact that he specialized in hard to treat cases. I have had 2 surgeries. One lower sinus surgery with Dr. Dyer and then a more extensive surgery with Dr. Bailey in April 2010. It was my understanding that he went in and cleaned out the lower, ethmoid and frontal as well as performed a balloon proceedure on the frontal. In Sept/Oct 2011 I woke up one morning stuffy. It is now Nov 2012 and I am still this way, and it has gotten worse along with ear and eye issues. I have been to see him multiple times and he has treated me like I am crazy now. Trying to blame my migraines and other health issues because he "couldn't see anything" with the scope that he uses in office. I asked for another CT. He acted like I was imposing and now 2 mos later I have not been contacted to get that CT. I know my body. I have had ear and eye issues for over 3-4 months that are severe and I am having to travel for work via air which seems to be making it worse everytime I fly.So, I am finding a new ENT and if I end up having to have another surgery due to Dr. Bailey not treating me for this. He will be hearing from my lawyer. I am posting on here due to the fact that he wouldnt listen to me in office as well as I cannot get him on the phone. I am NOT happy.
5	I had sinus surgery with Dr. Bailey back in November of 2012. My family and I expressed concern over certain procedures that were listed for the surgery because we felt they may be too aggressive. Dr. Bailey listened to our concerns and even approached the surgery more conservatively because of them. Dr. Bailey had to spend more time in surgery because of this but his willingness to listen to and address patient concerns shows what a thoughtful and caring doctor he is!
5	Dr. Bailey is a good caring Doctor and would refer him to my friends and family. Thanks for checking out my review!!
5	Just wanted to share this was a wonderful office.  So efficient and caring...answering all my questions with compassion.  I recommend Dr. Bailey and his staff to anyone who is seeking a ENT specialist!  Awesome Practice!!!
5	I read a couple negative reviews and was blown away. They are the absolute opposite of all my interactions with Dr. Bailey.Dr. Bailey has been my ENT for at least 8 years for three different issues.He has performed surgery, prescribed my CPAP and treated my sinus and throat issues. All of which have made my quality of life so much better.His office is very tasteful and the staff is super friendly.  Most important is that I feel he genuinely cares about my well being.
