4	I love Jarry Park, not for the tennis courts, or for the small free pool with it's fenced in bit of concrete, or for the dog park, or the endless cricket matches and picnics. Though of course I love all those things. Mostly I love napping companionably under the sweeping trees around the lake while families of all kinds and cultures smile away their day nearby.
5	Love, love, love Parc Jarry; it's super close to Little Italy so loading up pre-BBQ is easy peasy and the people watching is fine. Skip across the rocks and enjoy chilling on the little island but don't drink too much beer as the hike to find the washroom is a tad far.
5	I love this park simply because it's close to home and during the spring summer and fall you can catch a soccer game here at almost any time.
5	Important update: I now love the pool here. They added fencing to extend the pool-side sitting area beyond the hot concrete so you can lie on the grass under a tree between dippings. There is always a breeze here, and the pool is always free. Magique.
4	The most lovely park I visited in Montreal! I was completely in love with the lake and its ducks, the willow trees and the tables underneath them. It felt so romantic, even though it's a relatively small park. The lake water wasn't weirldly green (thank god) and the ducks looked healthy. Bonus points for non-polluted nature! There's lots of spots where to sit, on the rocks across the lake, on the tables, on the grass... The pool at the park is awesome too.
4	Though not grand like Mont Royal, Parc Jarry had the charm of a quaint, beautiful local urban park. Equipped with everything from baseball field, tennis courts to basketball fields and featuring an interweaving trail throughout the entire park, this is a popular spot for runners, bikers and various sport enthusiasts to practice their skills. During the first days of spring, the park is alive with squirrels scurrying up trees and playful ducks on the lake. Sitting on the benches relaxing while people watching is a pleasure within itself.A mini urban paradise.
5	Mon parc et endroit prefere pour pic- nik , prendre du soleil, marcher, me baigner, relaxer, courrir, voir des amis et meme des dates! Je suis trop chanceuse d'etre proche!
