4	High Point is great. In response to Nick S.'s review, it's actually Creative RECREATION. LOL!
5	Shoe heaven for men.These guys know their stuff. Custom sneaks, awesome service, and a new location near fashion square. I'm not a fashion buff, but shoes and glasses are my specialty.I swear I'm putting these guys' kids through college with the number of shoe's I've bought here. Previously, I bought most of my shoes online due to lack of in-store options. Other than the occasional slickdeals.net specials... where's the fun in shoe shopping online?Check out High Point for hard-to-find Nike, Adidas, Creative Recs, and more. Many are limited editions.
5	Hi my name is Hotchy and I am a kicksaholic.The first time I went to High Point was at its old location in The Mix and I  got my first man crush on the store (not the workers, the STORE ITSELF!).  It sounds kinda stupid but I now understand girls who have a love for shoes!Before I found High Point I had maybe 5 pairs of shoes: 2 Dress (brown & black), 1 pair of Bluchers (yes I still wear them and no I don't do the little tie thing with the laces) a pair of sneakers for working out and a pair of flip flops. That was it no more.After I found High Point...I am a shoe whore! I have bought 5 pairs of shoes there, one I have yet to wear cause the look so damn good, a really cool pair of 100% recycled Adidas Gazelles, another pair of Adidas Gazelles, a cool pair of Nike's and another pair of Adidas that I wear to Roller Derby bouts cause they are the only thing I have with Pink in them.After my last trip I had to tell my roommate not to let me go there on payday. Bad Bad Juju.Go to High Point, the store is great, the guys there are awesome, the clothes are great and the shoes even better.So I close as I began...Hi, my name is Hotchy and I am a kicksaholic.
5	This shop is the bomb! Finally AZ gets its own sneaker boutique. Great brands and a great staff. Shout out to Nick and Justin for holdin' it down. If you're looking for quickstrike, hyperstrike or maybe even tier 0 kicks, go to High Point. High Point is the only brick and mortar store in AZ where I would I even consider stepping up my shoe game and buying a fresh pair of kicks!!!The best part about HPS are their retail pricesl!!!
5	Coming from New York i needed a place like this. Ny has like 5-6 tier 0 Nike accounts and from what i hear this is the ONLY one in AZ.  If you like quickstrikes and limiteds this is the place staff is not overly friendly but the kid that looks like Pharell is nice but coming from NY most tier 0 store employees are jerks so it's expected. Highly recommend this place the mark up isn't bad at all with a wide range of brands though I myself am a Nikehead.
5	This place is just so so rad. It was about time that AZ has a high end sneaker boutique.The selection of sneakers as well as clothes is above all. No kidding. I bought a pair of limited edition Jordans as a gift here. All of the sneakers here a so unique and fun, and it really puts the fun in sneaker shopping again. Sure, you can go to finish line and get a pair of sneakers there. And you will see various other people wearing the same ones. If you really want to find funky stuff to express yourself with, this is the place. AND to make it even better...they sell for retail! So markups? Not an issue.Do yourself a favor and check this place out...
4	This place is definitely the best sneaker store in the valley, and probably in the state. My only problem with it is that every single sneaker is marked at the highest price possible. I have been to other great sneaker stores in other cities, mainly Philly, and at least they have some sales and some sneaker prices marked down. Overall if you are alright with spending a lot of money for any pair of sneaker then this is the place, because they have a much better selection than every other store around.
5	This store is kick ass. Picked up a pair of Jordan Spi'zikes today with no mark up they had plenty to choose from. I loved the sale they recently had on all the retro AJ1's too... picked up the red do the right thing pack for 30% off, came out to like $75 total.... for a pair of AJ1's! I dropped almost twice that on some pairs. They have all the awesome shoes and can make special orders since they are a Nike top dealer. Staff is very friendly and knowledgeble. Weird that Adrian Wilson owns the place.
4	Great place to find hard-to-find kicks. Prices are in line with similar stores in other cities. They also have lots of shoes on sale. Not the best selection of clothes for me personally but it will probably appeal to those with eclectic tastes.
1	So over priced!!! Check the cost of the Vans OTW collection. They double the msrp on them. OTW's cost no more then $85 at other stores. Great business practice. I even email these clowns six months ago about this issue. They claimed it was an uploading issues with the price point. Really, takes over six months to fix it? SQUIDS!
3	Could be 5 stars but a couple of employees there have bad attitudes and are somewhat rude. Every time I go in there and ask a question they act like it's a giant inconvenience to answer. They get a lot the hard to find stuff but like I said a few of the employees act overly snobbish and makes you not want to go in there, so if Footlocker has the same thing I'd prefer to go there.
1	THIS REVIEW IS TOTALLY BASED ON HOW THIS STORE DOES SHOE RELEASES. It's a first come first serve basis which sounds like if you get there early you have a real good chance  of getting the shoe.  That is partially true after experiencing it first hand camping out for the Jordan 11 playoffs.  The better way to describe it is.. who ever is the first 5 in line will get a shoe along with all their homies that they let cut.  There is no security guard or employee regulating the line.  Even when people from the back would tell the cutters to get to the back, they come up with some excuse saying that they've been there for a long time already or their spot was being saved.  It is pretty obvious and unfair after you see groups of people jump in front of you after you've been waiting for hours.  This shoe store is not your Footlocker, Finish Line, Nike store, or Champs. They won't receive close to the amount the bigger shoe store will get.  I think they only had maybe 15 (or less) Jordan 11's today.  When we first got there, there was less than 20 people in front of us.  30 minutes before they opened the door, there was maybe 30-40 in front of us.  That will be my last time camping out for a shoe here.  Your odds are better of dealing with the raffles or purchasing the shoes online when they release.
2	The store has some sick gear but honestly some of the employees do a really lousy job. I've gone in twice now and gotten no help whatsoever until I approach the employee who's just sitting down behind the desk. I hate being bothered by employees but they could at least come off helpful and not give one word answers for everything. I was the only person in the store and they were extremely unhelpful and slightly condescending. Just don't expect to be helped too much. Other than the service it's one of the few places in Scottsdale that carries rare stuff. That's the only reason I return haha.
5	Great store. Highly recommended if you're looking for cool dudes that give you the benefit of the doubt in regards to sales / promotions. Hooked me up with a buy one, get one free!
4	Good pick up at a great store.The skinnyI have heard of this place for over 2 years before I decided to take the trip over, I was upset with myself as I should have been going here since the beginning. They had a great sale for the holiday weekend was able to get a few tees and a pair of roshe runs for 20% off as I donated a toy for their Christmas toy drive (awesome!!) they also have jason markk shoe cleaner which I use all the time for cheaper than amazon.com the staff was great minus one person (Asian dude) he seems like he hates my guts when I ask anything, so I just avoid him at all cost. I will continue to support this store as they are the last true first come first served shoe release store in Phoenix. They also take phone orders on release day for whatever is left I have gotten lucky a few times on some pretty exclusive shoes. If your in the area and love shoes give them a try and support a local store.
5	Pretty great selection of hard to find sneakers and apparel. I found a couple of really great buys and the service was friendly and knowledgable.
