3	This is the new Canadian Tire store in Waterloo on the western edge of town.  This is one of the larger stores and the selection is better here than at the other smaller local stores like the one on Victoria Street in Kitchener.  This means that when the big sales are on, I often come out of my way to get to this store, as it is almost always the last to run out of the deeply discounted items.  However, its location far away from the main commercial areas of Uptown Waterloo and Downtown Kitchener means that it is somewhat inconvenient to travel there.
5	The guys at the automotive service department are amazing! I got a spontaneous flat around 2:00 this afternoon. I put the donut on and immediately began calling tire places around the area to do a tire repair. Everyone was busy all week (2 Wal-Marts, a CAA, and an independent tire place). This location of Canadian Tire was the only place who said they were booked all day and for the rest of the week, but then offered to have me drop it off and they would try to find time to squeeze me in today or tomorrow. So I dropped it off and the guy at the counter (Jim) made a note saying to try to have it done by 4:30 that day! Then I called in around 4:55 since I hadn't heard from them, and another gentleman (Gary) said that they had repaired it and that they had thought I was coming in and 4:30. I explained that Jim had said they would call me because he didn't know if they would get to it today for sure. Gary apologized and even though they were closing in 5 minutes, told me to come down and they would take care of me! So nice! Great service! They only charged me for the new valve (it had a fault valve)! These guys were amazing!!!P.S. I have no idea what this Vincent guy has an issue with, personally. This location is the closest to my house at only a 5 minute drive away... It would be far if you lived far away, but that's true for anything... There's a PetSmart, Winners, Beer Store, Shoppers, and other shops all around it, and the Boardwalk is only a block away. Not sure what more people could want, really...
5	Called the parts department after being on hold for 30 minutes at the Weber Street store. Got the answers I needed right away and they were super helpful. I will go to this store from now on.
