4	One of the best for quality or buffet that I've had.  Excellent!
4	I came for dinner.  No buffet but the food was fantastic.  (My company picked up the bill because I was on business, but the prices seemed reasonable for the quality.)
3	Although not my favourite Indian restaurant Sahib is the place we often fall back on because they deliver in Pointe-Claire. The food is fairly good quality and the quantities are good. The "feast" packages are what we usually order and it will feed a good number of people.
1	The food here is actually pretty good, but the service is absolutely terrible when the owner Rajiv is not around. And forget about the delivery, the food is always cold and then they blame you if they can't find the place.  They really need to work on the service.
2	Went to Sahib today after managing to avoid it for four years and I was not disappointed, they confirmed my suspicions, it was mediocre at best. It is a basic Indian joint, a bit too dark, probably to hide the food that you are eating. I ordered the Tandoori meat platter just to sample a bit of everything and my wife the thali. Flavoring was okay but nothing to write home about. The vegetables they served were the frozen kind...yuck, but that is standard Indian restaurant fare so I can't complain. (My fault for giving in and trying this place). Food service was sporadic, waiter apologized several times for slow service from the kitchen., even said "its not my fault". My plate was served in several parts as they forgot a portion of it.  My wife's thali arrived 5-8 minutes after my plate. The nan bread arrived ten minutes after the meal. The last piece of chicken was brought to me after the nan. I guess Rajiv was not in the building.Overall not for me ever again, but certainly to please the pallet of  the West Islanders judging by the reviews. Enjoy folks.
1	I arrived with at 6:59 ready to order food for take-out and have a drink while I waited. I asked if I just made the happy hour drink special. By the time he checked his computer, it was 7:00 so the owner refused. Pissed off I ordered a round for my gf and I. The beer was piss flat. When the food finally arrived I rushed out of there. It's only when I got home that I realized they didn't take 10% off the bill since it was a pick up. It's weird, I've never heard of a cheap Indian...The meal was mediocre at best. The naan tasted like it was reheated from the night before and the lamb curry was probably stewing since that morning since it was practically mush.It was my gf's first time trying Indian and I'm upset we wasted her first impression on Sahib. She promised me another chance so I'm taking her to Tandoori Bellevue, where I know the staff are more professional and the food is better.
3	Not bad Indian for west island and reasonable. We usually get take out so this is not a commentary on the facilities. Dishes will vary from week to week, but still usually good. Discounts on take out and coupons for birthdays and anniversaries are a plus.
5	Sahib is a solid Indian restaurant, with reasonable prices and a really nice atmosphere to dine in all in the heart of the otherwise limited dining of the west island. The food is consistently good, with a wide range of choices. The buffet is more limited, but the sit down menu has never let me down.The staff are friendly. And they have Cobra beer on tap. This is a frequent stop on trips to pte Claire.
3	Sahib is located on the West Island, in a commercial building off of Hymus. The decor is a little old-school for my taste - lots of brown and well, brown. They have a full bar and the dining area is a decent size. They have a wide selection of dishes to choose from, and also offer a lunch buffet during the week.Not having a huge appetite, I kept my order simple: Tandoori Prawn and basmati. The prawn were large and cooked to perfection. They were juicy with a hint of crunch and lots of flavor - quite delicious! That said, I did find them to be salty but overall, I really enjoyed these shrimp. I don't have much to say about the rice - it was good. My friend ordered the Chicken Tikka, which was served in large chunks, and was very tender.  To complete the meal, I ordered a cup of Chai - it was quite underwhelming. It was lacking in flavor and I couldn't really taste the spiciness of the Chai. Also, way too much milk. The reason I gave this place a 3 is because the service sucked. First of all, our waiter had ADD - he couldn't keep our orders straight (we were only 3 people) and after taking our main order (and writing it down), he came back twice to confirm what we'd ordered. The same thing happened when we ordered dessert. I found him to be a little brisk and indifferent, and while he didn't check in on us often, when he did, he came off as pushy. As well, I'm pretty sure he forgot about us because after we finished our meal, it took about 25 minutes for him to come over to see if we wanted anything else (i.e. dessert, tea etc.). When we were done, and finally got our bill, there were mistakes on all three. We asked that these be corrected and the rude waiter (different from above) begrudgingly acquiesced. When he came back, our bills were still wrong - but according to him it didn't matter because 'it's only a few dollars so no big deal.' Really? So this establishment thinks it's acceptable to over-charge their clients because it's 'only a few dollars' that THEY pocket? When I told the guy what I thought of his attitude, he blew me off and walked away in a huff. Someone new came to our table - I assume it was the manager or owner - and took us to the bar to pay. While he was very courteous and willing to correct our bills (with no attitude - which was appreciated), I doubt that I'll be going back to Sahib. When I pay for a meal, I expect some degree of courtesy, not to mention an accurate bill. I can go to other Indian restaurants where the service is client-friendly.
5	Great place, great food courteous staff.
4	Came here with a work group. Place was clean and food was pretty tasty. Ordered a spicy chicken dish but it wasn't all that spicy. Ambiance was good but service was a bit slow. Despite this the naan was great and food was good enough that I will return.
4	Nice place! The food was exactly what I expected!
5	I have ate the lunch buffet at this place several times. Qutstanding Indian food for what you would expect on a buffet.  Definetly better value than the burger type joint with overproced beer across the street. I think it was about 13 bucks for lunch.
3	Probably one of the better indian restaurants  in the west island. Was here for the weekend lunch buffet. A fairly large selection of dishes  was on offer. My favourite was probably the lamb and the bhindi. The chicken pakoras were pretty disappointing as were the samosas. The was pretty hard and did not seem that fresh. Overall a pretty solid buffet for under 20$ with tax and tip. The service was great.
5	Fantastic service. Fantastic ambience. Fantastic food. An absolute pleasure dining in! It was busy for a Monday too. At first you walk in and are unsure what to expect. The small little restaurant bar opens up to a comfortable sized area to dine. The smells captivate your nose and set your taste buds up for an equally wonderful experience. Thank you for making the night! 5/5 for me!
4	This is a good option for Indian food lover at lunch time for their all you can eat buffet. The buffet section is very small but the selection is decent and they refill quickly. The must-eat butter chicken and Naan bread are good, but the beef and lamb meat are a little on the tough and dry side. Nice place and proper service.
