3	Coach's is your typical sports bar.  Lots of big screen TV's, very open area in stark black and white walls.  Just your typical sports bar menu with reasonable prices.  About ten beers on draft, looked like about the same number of beers by the bottle.  The Buffalo Chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries were good.   Service was friendly.  Had a new waitress that did a good job but you could tell she was learning the operations and was getting info from the other waitress.
4	I've been to Coach's twice and both times I've been a big fan.The first time I went to Coach's I had popped in for some lunch.  It happened to be wing day.  My bf was super excited. I got some chicken tenders, he got wings (obvi) and then we split some fries.  Note about their fries. They are massive and DELICIOUS! Definitely split them with a friend. My chicken tenders were really yummy. They were breaded without being so excessively breaded that I wanted to tear the breading off. My bf's wings were really yummy.The next time i went was to pop in for some dessert for my birthday. They have an in house pastry chef. My god. We split an apple turnover with homemade ice cream. It was so good. They also have a build your own funnel cake.  Both times that we went we sat at the bar.  Service was fast and the bartenders are super nice. If they don't know an answer to your question, they actually ask and get back to you.The place isn't massive, but it's a good size that you could take a big group of friends to watch a game.As far as bottle selection. It's not too shabby. I have to keep in mind that it's not like House of 1000 beers. LOLI really like Coach's. I will definitely be back! OH! One more thing! They have taco night with a taco and corona special! Do it!
5	If you haven't tried Coach's yet, you're missing out. Great casual atmosphere, lots of beer, great specials, and the food is REALLY good. The nachos are amazing. They use pita chips (a spin on traditional bar nachos) and you can get beef, chicken, or pork on top. They also serve different flavors of fries such as cajun, garlic, and sweet potato. All are really yummy! Save room for dessert because they have a trained pastry chef & he doesn't disappoint. Haven't tried it yet, but they're adding brunch on the weekends; I'll certainly be checking that out soon
5	I first went to Coach's after Cain's (bar down the street) tried to charge me 20 bucks for an Irish Car Bomb on St. Patty's Day. Unlike Cain's, I always feel welcome at Coach's. The owners are always there and you can tell they really try hard to make the place successful. The one downside of Coach's is that it is still pretty new so sometimes you might get a waiter that hasn't learned the ropes yet. Also, I still prefer Cain's wings but you can't beat the burgers here! Last time I was in Pittsburgh they had a 3 dollar burger special on Thursdays and you could get a "specialty" burger for a dollar more. Not to mention, they have a great selection of beer!
5	Mmm, mmm, mmm. This place rocks. I loved my reuben sandwich as well as the pub pretzels. Desserts rotate regularly and range from cheesecake to funnel cake. It was quiet for a sports bar which I like. Recommended!
2	When you think about it, this is every sports bar in the city, or state. Maybe even the country. It's divey, it's sporty, it's an old man bar, it's where guys come without the wives to get away, it's loud, and it has an okay menu. This place has that sports bar menu, with wings, burgers, fries, sandwiches, steaks, and some pretty decent daily specials. I had a vegetarian "grilled cheese" which disappointingly was more like a quesadilla rather than the grilled cheese it was advertised as. Strike one (well this is a sports bar). Strike two? I I ordered a Diet Pepsi as a drink. The DP tasted like it was made with really bad water! No filtration system? Terrible! Back to the quesadilla, er, grilled cheese, er, screw it, this was a quesadilla. It was hard to find the advertised veggies. Very little spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, and I never even saw the roasted red peppers. So, being a sports bar I guess I shouldn't be surprised that the food was sub par, and falsely advertised as a grilled cheese (you have to know when your mind is set for a grilled cheese, nothing else will do!). Oh, and strike three was when someone put money in the jukebox, the sound overrides the advertised big screens all over the bar area so whatever sports is on, you can't listen to the announcers. Big time disappointing place.
5	This place was incredible! Such a hidden gem. Everything was delicious, the menu was huge, it was comfortable and totally unpretentious. At our table, we had an order of mild wings, a buffalo chicken grilled cheese,  soft pretzels with beer cheese, loaded beer cheese fries, and 2 orders of buffalo Mac & Cheese. No one had any complaints about anything and we will definitely be back :)
3	Typical bar,nothing special....Nice bar menu,over 10 draft beers and a lot of bottled beers as well. They have some famous PITT. Burgers that they are really proud of.Over all 3 stars.....not bad but not good at th same time.
5	Went for the first time today. Server was very friendly. Had the corned beef wrap with sweet potato fries. Both were outstanding.
4	I have been twice now in the past 3 weeks.  The shopping plaza is hectic, but has plenty of parking.  It's a little loud in the evening, but is a great place to watch the game and sports highlights for those who are interested in that attribute.  The service is moderately attentive and friendly enough, needing an occasional reminder on a food item, and is not what brings me back.  I really like the quality of food for the price and the speed.  I come here when I want fast service of hot, fresh food, with a good range of choices from bar food to traditional choices to comfort food.  There was a long cider and beer list, but nothing very sweet like I enjoy.  For what I come here for, it is 4 stars.  If I had the wrong expectations of this bar / restaurant, it would be a 3 star, but I don't and I happily give it 4 stars and will return again and again.
5	Fantastic beer selection, solid food, and amazing desserts, what else do you need?Hidden away in a strip mall is this place which once you get inside has a pretty decent atmosphere.  Suggestions? Beer Cheese anything, especially the fries.  The carmelized onions really seal the deal on the deliciousness. Also, try the desserts, they have rotating desserts and are absolutely delicious.  Save room because they are a must get!
4	Was really surprised by the food. It was way above average bar food. I got their special burger with beer cheese, crispy bacon and grilled onions. They also have like 5 different kinds of fries I tried 2 and they were really good. Give this place a try for good drinks and better food. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because service was slow
