2	I used to come to Chicken Bonz when it was Chicken Bonz every Friday night and get take out. 10 fingers lemon pepper with their tasty dipping sauces and ranch. Since it has changed to Meat, Chix and Weiners, we have dined here 3 times. The awesome girl at the counter who has always helped me said everything will stay the same and the owner just didn't want to pay the franchising fee anymore. That would be false. Everything has changed. First off, the prices have increased. The price for what used to be a 10 piece is now an 8 piece. The quality of the chicken has also changed. You know how when you buy frozen chicken tenders at the grocery store, they're all identical in shape and size? Oddly enough, so are the fingers served at MCW. They didn't used to be clones of one another, so strike one.Secondly, the name is just disgusting. I had to tell my children that they're not allowed to say the name of this establishment anymore & just call it chicken bonz. It's funny to the middle school crowd, I suppose, but not appropriate for people with small children or those that respect themselves enough to not eat a place with such a dumb name.Third, they took away all the perks that made this place worth coming to. Kids eating free with purchase & AYCE wings every day have now changed to kids don't eat free, infact, they're watching Family Guy (which I wouldn't ever let my children even listen to) in the store, and there's only AYCE wings for an extra dollar than before on Tuesday only. When I was there once, two guys walked out after reading they don't have AYCE anymore and that it would be too pricey.Lastly, the salad bar is disgusting. You can get AYCE salad for a cheap price, but it's gross. The lettuce is old and limp when I went at 2PM, they're too cheap to buy cherry tomatoes & instead just cut up a Roma, they have dry dry dried out baby carrots, and canned sliced black olives. It is a weird canvas to make a salad out of. Do NOT expect sweet tomato variety here. It's not even close. Just imagine someone strolling through the canned food aisle, grabbing random crap, and throwing it right onto your plate!The owner was sick of paying the franchising fee but every time I have gone back since they've changed, it has been completely DEAD. So unfortunately, since he was too cheap to pay the franchising fee, he now has no business at all. What's worse? He has turned what used to be a family restaurant my friends & I enjoyed bringing our children to dine at is now the complete opposite serving frozen chicken with limp salads. I guess I'll drive a little bit further to Raisin' Canes (which I never used to eat at when Chicken Bonz was open. I happily paid more for quality).
5	We ate here for lunch today...the service was great. The lady who took our order offered suggestions and answered our questions. She was super polite, nice, and helpful. The restaurant was clean, and had funny pick up lines written all over the walls. Most importantly, the food was super tasty and delishous! The dynamite burger was large and fresh. The dynomite sauce and cole slaw on it was such a tasty combo! We also tried the fingers...mmmmmmm! The breading on them was so good, and the different sauces (mild, dynomite, and hot mess) made them extra yummy :) I was able to build a large side salad from their nice variety of a salad bar. The place was clean and fun. We will definately be back to try more of the menu!
1	Well, that's too bad.I was a HUGE fan of this place when it was Chicken Bonz.  Frankly, it was the best chicken in town judging against New England staples like The Hanger in Amherst, MA.  The new version is a shadow of itself.I judge only on the chicken.  The pieces used to be huge chunks of breast meat, average chicken breast cut in half or quartered.  The new pieces are the generic breaded chicken used in Chinese restaurants for the General Tao chicken.  A 5 piece boneless chicken is less than half the size it used to be.Sauces are totally different now.  The hot flavor is now Frank's Red Hot and some extra butter.  Chipotle Cider Glaze had a definite vinegar taste.  Honey BBQ flavor was almost dead on to the chipotle vinegar taste.There are no more fries.  We ordered a "large fry" expecting the old thin french fries.  What we got was a half a whole potato chopped into 1/8" slices and fried.  Seriously.  We got 12 slices of potato in a take away container to be the new large french fries.We almost didn't get the "fries" either.  Slight mistake on the takeout order, and it felt really light...  Better half checked the order like the smart fox he is and found the fries missing.  Went back in, got the fries.  Opened that up and immediately said to the cashier, "These aren't fries."  That's the new fries.  If you don't like them, I'll get you some free onion rings next time.I'm afraid there won't be a next time.  We won't be heading back.
1	I always thought that I had reviewed this place, that I still refer to as Chicken Bonz, but I need to stop because Chicken Bonz is now dead to me. I suffered through the first menu change and the loss of my sweet potato tots, but still loved the wings. Thick, crispy and full of flavor! The sweet chili and the All In, were our favs. We came about 3x a month we loved it so much.Stayed with the name change, but stuck it out. We were informed that organic chicken was coming and new sauces and what not.Well, they killed my wings. They took off the breading and now they are just mushy, no crisp when you bite in at all.   We got the Chipotle Cider and Smokehouse BBQ. They were meh.Also, way more expensive than before, for half the size of meat. I am not a BBW fan, but we went there after eating at MCW, because were weren't full or satisfied. I will not be back to MCW, until they bring back the old sauces and the crispy wings. Tots would help too.Oh! It's a wing place. Have wet naps available!  I was so annoyed by that.I hate to do a 1 star,especially since the last 2 years it'd been a solid 4 or 5
4	I don't really understand why there are so many bad reviews on this place! The service is great here. I got the fried tenders in hot sauce and my boyfriend got the bratwurst with onions and onion rings. Both were decently good, but a little pricey for what it is.
1	Like others, I wanted to love this place. And the idea of grilled naked wings is fantastic. The fact that they are a wings place and DON'T HAVE BLEU CHEESE is as unbelievable as it is absurd. Anyways...Never been as mad at a restaurant as I was last night (which possibly should have been the time before a week earlier after they served me raw chicken and the only response was "oh, sorry" before throwing it away).I came with 6 friends last night only to be greeted with a sign that they were closed for the night for a private party and please go to their other location on Decatur. After finally gathering everyone together, we drove to the other location to find that one also closed. WTF?! Now you've wasted all of our time for no reason. Totally disrespectful and unprofessional.
1	We have tried to come eat here twice for dinner.  The first time, the restaurant was empty, and there was a sign on the door stating they had a big event and were closed for that.  Tonight, we drove up at 7:45 and the lights were off and the place was deserted.  No sign this time.  Maybe it's closed for good - I read the other reviews and we won't be back for another try.  Two strikes and they don't get a third.
1	Went for Lunch to take friends from work from IGT, I moved down from Oregon and love chicken bonez.  We went once when we moved here and it was good, reminded us of home, but not perfect.  Today we show up around 1145 for lunch, lights on and no one was home.  After reading all the other reviews I'm shocked at how much they have dive bombed.  Wish them luck but don't see them staying open for much longer.
