2	It had great potential and it felt that way just by looking at the chic and pretentious-looking people twist their spoons in their plates with careful dexterity, laughing and toasting every few minutes. You can feel the energy in the front patio where the bulk of the energy was.Rosalie's was crowded, so we were seated inside where it was a little quieter which was a disappointment  for me since I wanted to be in the nucleus of the festive atmosphere. We got some spurts of activity inside from a table of drunken professionals hitting on the waitresses. We arrived at the front expecting the staff to be attentive and friendly, but the hostess immediately doused that idea from her snotty and curt attitude. Our waitress was better. She started out attentive but her appearance at our table gradually waned as the night progressed. Naturally, when it came time for the bill, she materialized before our eyes, perhaps to show how responsive. How quaint.I give the two stars for the excellent Duck Confit that my girlfriend ordered and which I picked (shared) from her plate.  It was the only highlight of the Rosalie experience. On the other hand, my pasta sucked ass. It was so bland it was like eating Styrofoam with olive oil and a dash. It was probably one of the worst pasta dishes I've had. Whoever prepared that flat dish should try it themselves.The worst part is: Rosalie is expensive.Make sure you save up if you decide to eat there.
3	This place reminds me of Cactus Club in Vancouver but with better food. The servers are all females dressed in black dresses so I think their target clients are men. I counted since it wasn't very hard and there were only 3 females sitting here during lunch, my friend and I being 2 of them.My girlfriend and I dined here during our trip to Montreal during lunch time since Europea was sadly closed for lunch. The restaurant has a large outdoor dining area and their doors open up to open the restaurant up as well during the warmer seasons. The decor is very modern, sleek and strreamlined.
3	I've  been coming to this place for over 10 years, and the food has always been good, but sometimes better than others. The atmosphere is always happening and the waitresses are gorgeous and service is great. I will return and recommend to others.
4	For our last meal of 2010, we decided to treat ourselves to Rosalie. When we arrived, we were warmly greeted and brought to our seats. The place was beautiful inside, with soft golden lighting and mirrors. Another nice detail was how apparent it was that the staff put a lot of care into make sure they themselves looked elegant, both females and males. Don't get me wrong, I'm not the type to oggle over servers, but it was just nice to see that the staff matched the beauty of the restaurant.Our coats were taken promptly. Our drinks were delivered within minutes. Our water glasses were always full. There was nothing wrong with the attentiveness of the servers. For my meal, I had a mushroom-based pasta dish. Five stars here. It was lovely, not too heavy, not too thin. And the portions were perfect so I didn't feel guilty when the plate was empty. If you have an opportunity to try dessert, I highly recommend that you do. They seem to put a unique spin on classic items. Apple crisp with parmesan ice cream? Chocolate cake with a sorbet that tastes like Frank's Red Hot? Skip it if you're the (boring) traditional type.
5	Really delicious homemade pizzas and very hot waitresses - sit outside and eat great food, drink good beer.
5	Great spot.  Location, food, service!  I've eaten on the patio twice, not sure what the inside is like.  The neighborhood seems very quiet, nice and peaceful for dinner outside yet it is half a block from one of the busiest areas in Montreal...
3	They have a really great terrasse.  Definitely worth it to get lunch during a nice day in the summer.  The pizza is pretty good (wood fired) and what I have always ordered.  The waitresses are really hot for the most part, and have somehow taken part in some reality TV show.  However, service can be really slow.  Don't expect to be in and out in an hour.  Even when there is no one else in the restaurant, the waitresses take 10 min to get your bill and then swipe your card.The desserts need working on as well, not much choice.I have always managed to see someone famous whenever I eat an early dinner here.Overall, its an ok spot to grab something to eat and have a decent pizza at a reasonable price.  Never really partied here so cannot comment on that aspect, but I heard Wednesday nights are the best in the summer.
4	Perhaps it isn't fair to count off a restaurant for being "too hip" but it sort of was. I enjoyed my pizza (it was actually pretty incredible) and the service was ---good enough, but the vibe seemed to be obsessed with "the scene" a bit too much (little bit of snobbery, lots of squeeky over dressed prepartiers, etc).The pizza can't be discounted though. Apparently this guy is directly Italian with a wood burning fireplace and even refuses to cut your pizza because thats not how they do it in the old country. :) I had the prociutto pizza which was fresh, huge, delicious, and put a very large smile on my face.We sat outside which was pretty, too. Go for the pizza, know it's a scene.
2	I've had the chance to eat a Rosalie a few times now and I must admit that this resto continues to leave me wanting more. I can see how you can have a good time at Rosalie, the atmosphere is good and they have a large terrace in the summer. But if you are looking for a top Montreal food experience this is not the place to go.As far as I'm concerned the food can be described as 'ok', nothing to get excited about. For example the last time I was there we ordered the seafood poutine. The waitress talked it up telling us how great and unique it was and then went on to say how "ever since Chuck Hughes made it famous many restaurants in Montreal had added something along these lines to their menu". So not so 'unique' after all. Not only was it not unique it really wasn't very tasty. There was so much salt in the gravy that you could hardly enjoy the fries or the jumbo shrimp that found itself in drowning in the middle of the dish. The balance of my meal consisted of an uninspired caesar salad, over cooked salmon and an unmemorable dessert.
2	Server tried hard.  You could save money and get better food at Mikes or one of the other pizza parlours in Montreal. I am not sure what this place is trying to be. A good restaurant it is not
3	We hit up Rosalie for the 3rd and last stop on our downtown pizza crawl.We loved the crust of the Margherita: thin and a little chewy but not so much to make it bready.  The toppings were not distributed evenly but once you get a taste of everything together the flavours were great.As for the Caprese, the freshness from the toppings was pleasing but again, no good coverage at all.  Since it is a sauce-less pizza, it could have used a lot more tomatoes.The loud music, dim lighting and slow service at Rosalie reminded us that we need to get there before the focus shifts on to drinks.
2	Ate here recently while in town for the jazz fest.Wow, what a difference a year makes. Came here during the 2012 jazz fest and had three excellent pizzas (all while running up a $500 tab with the encouragement of lovely bartenders Aseel and Cristina). A great time was had by all. Fast forward to this year, and all I can say is "What happened?" The Margherita and Caprino were shockingly bad--even by Montreal's low pizza standards--and at $16 and $21, respectively, extremely overpriced. Total bill including tip was $87 CAD for two pies and two glasses of rose (which were fine). I would've been embarrassed to charge that amount for this bad a product. That said, Marianne the server was a peach, and it still seems like a pretty chill place to grab a drink and sit outside.Overall, a major disappointment on this trip, altho I'd still stop in for a drink if in the 'hood.
1	This place was HORRENDOUS! My husband and I were in town for the Canadian GP and I knew all the restaurants downtown would be swamped. So I went on Yelp and found a place that took online reservations so I booked a table and off we went. We were seated right away but then waited....and waited...and waited some more for our server. The people at the table next us actually made a comment saying how they had to wait for everything during their meal  and the server was awful...turns out we had the same server! Sure enough, we had to wait for drinks, wait for our food, checks etc. Our server would just disappear for 10 mins at a time. It was pretty bad.In addition, they changed the menu that weekend., so we thought we are going into a reasonable priced place with pizza options, no big deal. But no, this new menu was very expensive! $15-$10 apps and $30 entrees...no pizzas anywhere on the menu. But we were there already so we decided to stay and order. The food was actually pretty good. The salmon tartar was wonderful, but still a bit overpriced for what it was. What  REALLY pissed me off though was that I ordered the truffled risotto, as did the rich looking guy with 4 girls at his table next to us, except when his came out the host came over and shaved some truffle on to his risotto! But none for me. Seriously, I was livid. I much also mention that Im sure this was the local hooker hang out. Words truly cannot describe the type of crowd that was hanging out here. I mean, these girls weren't just there to party, there was something about them, and the men they were with, the screamed hooker. It was actually comical. The place was like a caricature of a modern day whore house.We tried not to let this place ruin our night so we just laughed it off but then to top off the whole ridiculous thing, when I check my voicemail later that night, I had a message from them saying that they got my reservation but they were booked and not to come.  Never again.
4	I love Rosalie's.  Their white wine sangria is absolutely amazing but so big that you really shouldn't drive after drinking it.  Their risotto was okay but the last few times I had their gnocchi and was delish!
1	What a disaster! Im quite patient when it comes to restaurant service, i understand the work they have but this one was over the limit!We went for a friends bday dinner, and decided to sit inside thinking it would get cold outside. Not only was it too hot inside, but service was so slow, they were concentrating on the people on the Terrasse as if they were a priority, made us wait AT LEAST 45 MINUTES to get the appetizer, and ANOTHER 45 MINUTES to get our meals! I spoke to the waiters, they didnt even have the audacity to apologize, instead they told me im exaggerating on the time im saying we waited for!! 3 minutes later we get the food.. If i hadnt complained, i think I would still be waiting! The food wasnt special either anyway.. Not recommended!
5	OK, first I have to preface this review by stating that I was only on the top floor, in a bar that we'd reserved for a special event, so I didn't see the rest of the place (all three floors). I went straight up and stayed at the top. HOWEVER, this was definitely some of the MOST FUN I've ever had at a bar in Montreal. One of the bartenders was breathing flames behind the bar for us, just using rum and a torch - it was wild. ALL of the bartenders (there were 4) were pretty amazing, dancing and having the time of their lives. They were friendly, respectful and generous! I got some random free shots show up in front of me, just because the bartender wanted me to try out a new concoction he'd invented. Delicious! Great music the whole time - I couldn't stop dancing, and felt like I was dancing with the bartenders. All of my friends and everyone there that night has a fantastic time. THANKS, GUYS! 10 stars!
