4	I am really glad Rajbhog has opened. The reason why is because it will help expand my palate of Indian food. I'm already comfortable with typical restaurants of this cuisine. But because I'm caucasian & of european descent I don't have the familial or cultural context knowledge to say "not as good as what my mom makes" or to have a strong preference for one Indian restaurant over another. It's food, if it's delicious that's all I know.Which is what makes this new grocery & cafe unique. Tandoori chicken, nan, and saag paneer is not what you will find here. Inside one side is the grocery about 10 rows of basics & snacks. The other side taking about 3/4 of the space is the cafe. Beyond the large counter there is a menu board offering  lunch & dinners of items I've never heard about. Which is great because as a foodie means there's all new tastes to explore!Vegetarian & meat dishes including lamb & chicken are offered and the possible combinations can be a bit mesmerizing. If you're indecisive opt for the lunch special. Today it was Chicken Briyani a dish I'd not had before. It's a spiced chicken & rice dish, flavorful & tasty that isn't sweat inducing nor seeming like it was watered down for mass appeal. It was served with simple onions & cumin on the side and a small cup of yogurt & carrot slices mixed with spices. Meals are brought out to you by the owner, and served on styrofoam plates with plastic forks & spoons which helps to keep costs low. One thing I did not try on this first visit was the large assortment of sweets & desserts next to the front counter. I think this could be a source of endless taste experiments.
4	This is a neat little store.  I saw an ad for it and went in hoping to find jalebis, which are my favorite Indian sweet.  They didn't have them, so I got some really tasty gulab jamun instead.  I will be going back to try out the other sweets, which are hard to find in Charlotte, and to shop in the little store, which had everything from fig ice cream (!) to reasonably priced giant sacks of rice and beans, to spices.  The lunch food also smelled good but that wasn't what I was there for on this trip.
4	Great little Indian market/cafe!  They have sweets, they have entree's and they have groceries!  I love coming in for a 2 piece veggie samosa snack pack while my son is in music class across the street.
4	Solid 4 stars... at first I thought this place was just a store/market for indian food and ingredients, but it actually has a cafe inside. Went here for lunch the other week and it was delicious.  They have tons of combos - if you don't know how to order, they recommend dishes and explain what's in the food.  Everything I had was delicious.  Chicken Curry, Chicpea and Naan bread.  The combo I got came we a soup... and 2 dessert pastries (one was spicy and sweet and the other was a cool down for all the spice)....   Great over all and the place is kept very clean.
3	Pretty good, cheap Indian food and one of the 2-3 Indian grocery markets in the university area. There are also a number of sweets you can buy here. Really convenient to get all 3 (market, restaurant and sweets) from one little place.
5	My wife and I love this place.  We have take out every week from here and it is the best indian food in North Charlotte.  Prices are great and people are always friendly.
5	Great, affordable, authentic and casual are words I'd love to describe most restaurants and Rajbhog earns all four adjectives.Don't be afraid to ask for help with the menu because the daily specials aren't described, only named.
4	This is Good Indian Food at a great price.  If you have little experience with Indian food that is just fine because the staff here will tell you what to have just by asking a few questions to narrow your choices.  I have eaten here three times, so I have tasted five different meals and ten "Main Course" entrees!  All dishes, soups and sides are good, though I have enjoyed the flavor of the vegetarian dishes more!The Menu is limited and dishes are rotated so you could eat here a few different times you may not see the same dishes or combination of dishes on your next couple of dines.  I think is a great idea for the customers to experience different flavors!  Some people will be disappointed if they arrive and realize the dish they enjoyed so much last time is not on the menu today! Today the Lentil Soup was PERFECT!  Perfectly Seasoned, perfectly Cooked and Perfectly Spicy (meaning it was not too hot for most people).  I was the only non-Indian eating lunch here today (I'm White) and you may have heard that Indian food can be VERY spicy... Here everything has always been only a little more than what I would consider mildly spicy which means plenty of FLAVOR and you never have to say where is my "Limca"!Chicken Tikka Masala is one of my favorite dishes of ANY cuisine and when I visit Indian restaurants I will usually order it if they serve it!  This one was good, though not one of my favorites for a Tikka Masala, I would not order it here again only because so many of their other dishes are better!My other main today was a Chicken dish described as Indo-Chinese and it was good, not great I would not order it again either.Choose two Breads, I had a Naan and a thin crispy bread, both were very good!Limca... In a Glass Bottle...mmm, a nice treat, a Coca-Cola product made in India or for India???  For a carbonated Lime Flavored drink this one beats all of the usual suspects!  This is not my favorite drink, yet it is something special, it has a very unAmerican "lime" flavor that is quit nice, not a typical "fake" lime taste nor the lime rind bitter flavor.  I will probably get some to go next time for that rare occasion when I want to be more out-of-the-ordinary than I already am!Desserts:  These are NOT as yummy as they look! !!  I have tasted every dessert here and none are my preference!  I have tasted many of them twice and I believe they have a good, though blandly too mild, non-richness that is not what I expect in a Dessert!  I imagine this IS the kind of dessert that Indian people may want, so I would rather them not cater to me and continue to make dessert that the majority of their customers enjoy!  I'm real particular when it comes to sweets and Desserts!Skip the Kulfi!  They have a tremendous flavor selection, though they are mass produced and NOT made in House - ALL of them are equally poor in flavor and lacking richness, with no real creaminess, nor dreaminess - My friend (you know what I mean and NO it is not Jongy) and I have eaten every flavor in two visits!  If you have eaten a GREAT Kulfi you will NOT like these at all!  If you like a Kulfi that is more "icy" than "creamy" you may want to check these out!The Masala Chai is better than some though not as flavorful as the ones I love!  The Masala Chai that I love is SPICY, not mild and bland!  This one, as are many lacks the Ginger, Cinnamon, Cardamom, Mint, or Cloves that I'm looking for in a Masala Chai!This is an Indian Grocery store too!  Get your Limca here!  Lychee Drinks, Mango Juices, Rice, Spices, Tea and I guess all the other items you may look for in an Indian Grocery store! CLEAN and Beautiful, well organized and the people working here are very patient, friendly and helpful  As an Indian Grocery Store they get 5 yelp stars!
5	I have had their food twice and it is very authentic Indian food.  Stopped by the store this last time to eat in with the wife while we were in the university area.  I really liked the combo of the cafe with the Indian market/grocery.  The man behind the counter was very helpful at guiding us through their menu, which I believe changes daily.  The food is clearly made fresh with authentic ingredients, and they offer combos with meat and vegetarian options to choose from, as well as a soup and choice of breads.  After we were done with our meals, we browsed in the market area and picked up a few items to bring home, for whenever we cook some Indian food at home.They also have an extensive selection of Indian sweets and desserts.  Everything was great as far as food and service, and we will return.  I just wish that they were closer to home.
4	Go on, be adventurous.If you don't know much about Indian food, you are going to be confused when you try to order. There are several different menus posted up on the wall and nothing has much of an explanation. Just order random stuff and know that it's going to be tasty.I'm no Indian food expert, but with all cuisines, you just have throw caution to the wind and try it. Thankfully, I haven't had anything bad here so this place will reward you for your curiosity.The staff is very friendly and don't forget to try their chai!
4	I had an urge for an Indian snack following my barber visit...and Rajbhog is in walking distance right up the hilll.  It had been a long time since I had gone.  I have always enjoyed the snacks....like samosas, spring rolls, wada.  The masala dosas are good.  On this visit I had pani puri.  It was pretty good. (see photo)
2	Not a big fan of this place..
3	We were in the area and looking for a place for lunch. Stopped here after reading a couple yelp reviews. This place was pretty awesome! The menu is posted and you order at the front (ie not much time to decide!). There is not really a description of the menu items so I just went with the guy working there's recommendation. I have no idea what we ordered but it was very tasty. The place is very clean and has an wide range of interesting Indian items for sale. I would definitely come back if I'm in the area again and craving Indian food!
5	Yum, just went here for lunch today.  Actually I've been back several times since my initial review. I've tried the sweets (awesome). I've eaten the much-coveted jalebi. I've had a delicious masala dosa. Or two. Or ten. Today, I had the non-veg combo -- a chicken dish, a veg dish, lentils, a mountain of tasty rice, and some snacks alongside. You really need to take the time to look at all of the numerous different boards with parts of the menu on them. At first it looks rather limited. Then you notice another board, and another, and another. Finally, you've just got to make a decision.
4	Small but clean store with 2 freezers and 1 refrigerator. Canned good were a bit of a jumble, but I think that they are just trying to have a varied inventory, with not very much space.  After browsing the store section, I headed to the restaurant side.  The owner greeted me, and began explaining what was in each dish.  Since there are so many unfamiliar names and no descriptions, I found her help to be really welcome.  I had really been craving tikka masala and ordered it, but her descriptions really made me consider other options (will have to try on a future visit!)  In some places, they make you feel really stupid for not knowing what things are, but this lady really had a patient, kind of "teaching moment" mentality, without being condescending at all.The tikka masala was super flavorful.  Less creamy than I have had at other places, and a bit less spicy (which was welcome for me) but it had a very rich, well spiced flavor.  She also gave me a small samosa, which was yummy.  I will definitely come back!
4	So we finally went here for a late Saturday lunch. The Indian that I am, I get over excited when I see an Indian restaurant serve Bombay food, some change from the tacky South Indian - North Indian cuisine.I ordered a Masala Dosa, my boyfriend ordered the Thali (Lunch / Dinner deal) with two non-vegetarian entrees (he's getting acquainted with Indian food for my sake :) ) and we ordered a wada paav between us because that's how I judge the quality and credibility of anything that claims to be "Bombay special." Yes, they passed the wada paav test. It was some delicious wada paav. So delicious that we ordered some more to go. The masala dosa was okay. The potato bhaaji inside wasn't anything to write home about, and the dosa was not crispy although it was huge. The coconut chutney was really good though. My boyfriend's thali had palak (spinach) chicken and achari chicken. He loved the achari chicken and I thought the palak chicken was just as good.The good thing about this place is that they have a little grocery department. Nothing to compare to Patel Brothers, but it has all the basic stuff you'd need so we got to do our Indian groceries while they made our order of wada paav. This place is known for their sweets and savory snacks (most Indian grocery stores carry their items for sale) but with all that food we were too full to even look at the sweets cases.
4	After 2pm no crowd. Enjoyed the food.
3	Good place for light meal or snacks.
3	the cashier/owner....i'm not sure of her role, looked at me like I was going to steal something.  I guess not many African americans  come in there.  After looking at my Chloe bag she walked away saying ok ok. WTH.  Anyway it is cleaner then some of the other Indian stores in this area.  Small but clean.  Only had two types of Henna so I made my selection and left. Will I go again?  Only if I have to.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite places to eat. I am definitely a regular there and go a few times per week. My favorite items are their vegetarian dinners. They are always fragrant, fresh, and nicely spiced. Their vegetable dishes rotate daily, but some of my favorites include the bindi masala, potato eggplant, achari aloo, chole, paneer mutter, undihu, tuvar behgan, behgan bartha, and methi mutter. I never hesitate to try something new.If you are looking for a fast, fresh, and flavorful meal, I would highly recommend this place.
4	Woah! Doing back flips about this discovery.  Let me preface this with: I am Indian and damn picky about my Indian food. Hands down the most authentic I have sampled here so far.  The thali style with a soup and rice and veggies is traditional. The mattar paneer was delicious.  Rice fluffy.  Roti/chappati tender. Oh my I started to think of grandma... also, the tea is perfect. Forget your psuedo spiced chai. This is what real Indian tea is all about. Made in milk, served hot and with subtle spice. Baa ji! (I'd give you 5 stars but I hate Styrofoam).
5	Rajbhog !!! It's correct to it's name  !!! Nice place for Indian food in Charlotte University area. They serve Chats, Lunch & South Indian basics...!!!
4	Everything is authentic here. The food is great, delicious and authentic. I had number 2  from the menu - veg thali with 2 sabzis, dal, rice, paratha and pickle. Pickle is great so I have to buy that mango thokku pickle (Priya brand) from the store. The paratha definitely has won my heart. I had such a great paratha after a long time. I was counting on the bhindi masala. But apparently that disappointed me. I am glad I got one more veg curry. That saved my meal experience.Overall the food was perfect. I enjoyed my lunch.This place is a store/restaurant. Place an order at the separate counter for food and pay first. They will give a shout when the food is ready. They will shout with the item name that you ordered. So it can be difficult to figure out and listen carefully if that's your order that's ready. When I was there I got to experience little biased behavior. They called the order when it was ready for couple of customers except one. They served the order for that one customer at their table. As I said everything is authentic here. Even the biased behavior. ;-)Do check out this place for it's authenticity, and have fun with the food.
2	The place was just ill maintained and dirty. All the tables had food remnants. The food was really bad - the snacks were soaked in oil and served in paper plates and cups. The batata wada was stale. The thali was tolerable but mostly insipid. The cherry on the pan had gone bad. The serving staff were simultaneously serving and mopping the floor. We go often to the Rajbhog in the triangle area but this one in Charlotte just does not cut the mustard. You'll be better off at Woodlands or some other indian joint.
