3	This place re-opened over the summer.  They have had a hard time in getting the place up and running initially and it seems like there are still some problems.  When you can get in and get service for a manicure and/or pedicure it has been nice.  Some of the workers do a better job than others but overall I have been pleased with them.  Today I went by 2 hours before close and asked to get a manicure and pedicure.  I was told they had a party and 2 other people in the store and there was no one to help me.  I could try and come back in 40 minutes to see if there was anyone available.  I think it is strange that on a Saturday, a busy day for nail spas, that they did not have enough help on hand.  Hopefully they will get their act together and not go out of business again.
1	I have been going to this location for the last 5 months.  I repeatedly overlooked rude comments made by the nail technicians.  I figured it was a language barrier so I tried not to get too frustrated or take it personally.  The main reason I kept coming back was because I also got my eyelashes done here.  I had an eyelash tech named Jenny.  She was always very sweet and did a great job.  I guess she moved back to Vietnam so I had to start seeing the other eyelash techs.  Tonight, I ended up being "helped" by a new employee.  She ended up taking around 4 hours to complete my eyelash fill.  (A typical eyelash fill takes about 1 and a half hours, max)  About 2 hours into process, she told me she could barely see and needs glasses.  Long and painful process....I was laying on the table with my eyes tapped shut while she was doing the fill.  She kept tugging and poking my eyelid/lashes.  When she was finally done, I looked in the mirror.  My lashes are uneven and one side looks fuller than the other.  It literally looks ridiculous!  Between my negative experiences with the nail techs and now the eyelash tech, I can, without a doubt, say I will NEVER go back to this location.
2	Worst pedicure I've had in Henderson. Not only did the nail tech do a poor job painting my nails, he also stopped in the middle of the pedicure to make several phone calls. He tried to paint clear nail polish with one hand. When he was done, he just got up to prep for the next client, didn't mention to me that I was done or if I needed to go under a dryer, I had to flag him down to tell me he was finished. Will NOT be going back to this place.
5	They are cheap, available at the last minute and clean.  I could not ask more for a pedicure.....P.S.  Love that they use clean disposable bags in the foot spas.  Genius!
4	The best place in town for a girls day! Love the hot stone, n the citrus scrub, we usually go with at least 3 gals. N we all get in and out together. Lotsa choices in colors n styles.
5	I received a gift card, and I read some bad reviews on here, so I was a little nervous when I dropped in today. The girl at the front desk was extremely friendly and helpful.  I lucked out because it wasn't busy, so I got seated right away for my pedicure. The girl that did my mani/pedi was nice and she did a good job...no complaints. It's cool that they do little beauty parties & I will keep that in mind for the future.
4	Now, walking into this salon and looked around...the design is cute. It's no upscale nail salon. You don't go in and think, "THIS IS GONNA BE AN AWESOME NAIL SALON!" But this is by far one of the best salons I have ever been to. (And I've been to a lot!)Sanitation is so important to me. I have friends that have worked at nail salons and tell me of the horror stories if things aren't cleaned right. The tubs are nice, but they put plastic bags in them and then fill them with hot water when you sit there. Depending on what type of pedicure you get, they use a different sugar scrub, they put cut fruit in your foot bath with some other goodies. I usually get the hot stone pedicure. It's to die for! All the tools come out of packaging, like they're freshly autoclaved. They offer you free slushy drinks of whatever flavor you want. And they've always been super nice to me. Always clean. I never make appointments and typically don't have a hard time getting a last minute manicure or pedicure. They do a good job with the sparkle gel manicures, too. And their prices are hard to beat!
3	This place looks amazing inside. It makes you feel like you're on vacation in Paradise. There are T.V.s on the wall to watch with closed captions. The foot tubs are not jetted. The massage chairs work and are comfortable. They have alcohol here and frozen drinks. They use a plastic liner in their foot tub so it is clean after they empty it. They must be into water conservation, because they put very little water in the tub. I got a Sangria Pedicure and my nail technician was Tracy. She gave a great leg and foot massage and I would recommend her.
5	Paradise Nail Spa is the friendliest place.  They have great artists and large variety. Tammy is the best.  I love my eyelash extension also.
5	This place is great. I love how it looks inside and the people are so friendly. I called in the morning and they made an appointment for me. When I got there they were busy but got us in...in about 5 mins...when we sat down they brought us a drink and it was great.. The kids loved it....I love coming here...
5	I really like this place. The people all have skills and to top it off they c are all very friendly and happy they just want you to be pleased with your nails. I enjoy getting my mani- pedi ' s here.
