4	Probably the best stocked Foot Locker in Vegas, but can be a pain getting to since it's on the Strip and a big mall to walk around.  Helpful salespeople and no problems with returns and exchanges.
5	This Footlocker by far, surpasses my expectations in customer service and selection. Tyler, who seems to be the current store manager, is EXTREMELY helpful, and funny! He was able to locate and ship the Kobe VI Rice to my boyfriend when they weren't available in store! He even let us in an hour early when the Kobe VI Chaos (Jokers) came out! Not only Tyler is friendly, but there's also an older Asian man that works at this location.I couldn't get close enough to read a name tag, or if he even has a name on his badge, but it surprises me every time I see him, he is always assisting a customer, and he's not afraid to drop some younger slang in there. (Example: "How' bout these Kobe's. These just dropped yesterday! They're clean!") Haha, couldn't get over it, seeing as he has a very slight accent as well.Anyway, this is the spot to hit, especially since NikeTown at the Forum Shops in Caeser's Palace is closed for renovations until May! They get all the new releases, in VERY LIMITED amounts. Tyler isn't scared to let you know way ahead of time of drop dates, too. So props to him, and this particular location.
3	This is one of the fancier FL's I've been to. They have a basketball section in the back if you are a fan. Its a very clean store. For some reason right when you walk in, it seems like everything is blinging in there. Check it out and you will know what I mean!
5	Coolest Footlocker I've ever been to! Great customer service, they even held a shoe for me after enduring a long line at Cesar's Palace for that particular shoe! Also, they have a nice House of Hoops room in the back, loved it!
1	Customer service is not good.  Am I invisible? Watched at least 4 employees completely ignore me as I looked at shoes.  Even sat down and waited patiently for someone to help me. Gave up- walked out- and as I was walking out someone asked if I needed something.
1	Good looking store but I believe the manager needs to be fired. I came in looking for a pair of Jordan shoes for my boyfriend. Inquired and asked questions. But I was ignored. He seemed to be getting some free things from some guys and had saved shoes for them. I thought this was unfair asked for the manger and he said he was it. I was told the hard to get shoes were either raffled and then first come first serve. I guess this doesn't apply to guys giving him things. I think this store is ran unethical and he is getting kickbacks for hard to get shoes. At least that is what I observed.
2	Embarrassed money was spent here .  Upon arrival I watch guests be greeted by a pair of associates attached at the hip who couldn't put away a healthy convo to fully crowd control or build any real warm welcomes.  Finally in a crowded store with plenty of payroll used I found my self wandering the store for a mirror to try on apparel and to my dismay none and none of that American customer service of five point guest augmentation.  As a friend begged left and right for service or even to get full eye contact to grab a size ,the ten plus sales staff seem to be no where in sight.  Can this be Loss Prevention approved?  Finally the shoe came out an asian dude who just could have cared less who had no product knowledge or passion could careless to make the sell stood there making one think am I bothering you? My bad!! I watched a store with ten people scurry around like ants but no leader to be found to give any direction.  This is LV ! High volume your brand and demographic are here ,so why is your customer service that of some Santa Ana factory outlet store? Come on guys!!!
