4	After reading an article in Edible Phoenix Magazine Summer '08 a few weeks ago, I was convinced that the next time I drive past wondering what is going on that street corner, that I will stop now.  These hidden bacon wrapped jems come with mayo, tomatoes, beans, and onions for $2.75 on a fluffy homestyle bun.  The side condiments include chedder, parmesean, guacamole, green sauce, canned mushrooms, and whole pickled jalepenos.  Bagged chips, soda, and bottled water are also for sale and you can sit and eat at a picnic style setting in a parking lot while watching soap operas on a small television setting atop a trailer.  The tables are set with red sauce, 'atomic' green sauce, mustard, Tapito, and salt.  Be sure and get two of them and you'll be pleastly full all evening.  Please don't drive past here wondering any longer because you don't know what you're missing...bacon wrapped hot dogs, mmmmmm!!!
5	Lauren R. did a great job explaining how these bad boys are served! She's right on the money and so are these! Seriously, some of the best hot dogs in town are here.. not topped with bacon but wrapped in bacon.. the hot dogs are not cooked on site but at a local commissary where they can legally cook bacon wrapped hot dogs. It is very much illegal not only in Arizona but in California to cook hot dogs on the street in this manor. In fact there was a lady in LA who was actually arrested for cooking and serving them this way. Anyway, enough with the education.. stop by and eat one, keep this cart going, amazing hot dogs and friendly people running this one!! Oh and they have real Mexican coke, with sugar, no HFCS!
4	The short: Recommended for the tried-and-true hot dog fan looking for new hot dog experiences--bacon-wrapped dogs cooked on a flat top, dressed with some peculiar condiments such as mayonnaise, beans, onions, and chopped tomatoes. This isn't for the weak of heart, but it is for the daring dog lovers who understand this dog's attempt at being the "perfect bite." The long: I read a well-known blogazine's article about the country's best hot dogs, and Sonoran hot dogs had a solid standing on the list. They seem to be easy finds around Tucson, but not here in Phoenix. I've heard of a lot of talk about where to find these throughout the Valley--usually nomadic carts that rove around Indian School out west (in the avenues), but this truck has a "reserved spot" so to speak in the parking lot of Guitar and Keyboard City on the southwest corner of Indian School and 20th St. Stragenly, I've only ever seen it there after the sun goes down, and I've gotten dogs there as late as 11 p.m.When you drive up, all you see are a white van, hood up so its battery can power the impromptu eatery--an electric lantern forming a tight space containing a flat top (griddle), a table holding various condiments on ice (cotija cheese, smooth guacamole), and some little to-go containers to fill and take away, a five little plastic folding tables and chairs so you can sit and eat, communal style, and a little TV for ambiance. A woman's cooking up the dogs and sliding them into their wonderfully soft, pillowy bolillo buns, and a man dresses them and wraps them up in foil for you. The man will greet you with a nod or hello, then ask you how many dogs you'd like. He'll whisper it to the woman grilling the dogs, and within moments, you're ready to go. The little tables are fine, especially with Phoenix's typical great night-time weather, but I prefer the dashboard picnic. Just be careful about keeping your toppings in your bun--nothing like a wayward bean bouncing off into the dark crevices of your car.)If you stack on extra condiments, put the "lightweight" stuff down first, or you'll risk having it all tumble off with your first big-mouthed bite. This is definitely the kind of food you should lean forward to eat. The place also sells a selection of potato chips, water, and soda. Bring cash!
4	So I've been driving by this parking lot every day on my way home from work since we moved into our house in the fall, and I always think to myself, I've got to stop there and get a hot dog. If it comes from a cart powered by a van with the street address painted on the side, it's GOT to be good, right?Well it is good, and my wait is finally over. I got a hot dog to go tonight, with the works: pinto beans, onions, tomatoes, mayo, parmesan cheese, jalapeno salsa, cheddar cheese...my only complaint is that my mouth is not big enough to fit every tasty morsel in at once. But I guess that's my problem, not theirs.My hot dog was not wrapped in bacon...I wonder if they've succumbed to the pressures of healthy eating? Hmm.
5	I am a hot dog lover. For the past five years I've found no greater joy in Phoenix than hitting up Nogales Dogs for the best meal on the planet. Each evening when the Keyboard City on 20th St. and Indian School closes, the parking lot is converted into a quaint little dining atmosphere. I most enjoy going around six, the sun is setting and the buzz of traffic makes Phoenix seem more alive. This is my own preference and I know many people who hate going at this time because of the loud traffic. The bacon wrapped dogs are made to perfection with your choice of mayo, beans, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, cheese, mushrooms, and lettuce. And to top it all off you can wash it down with a Mexican Coca Cola, mmm so sugar filled. Don't forget to bring cash and your appetite.
4	I have to give it up for this place, even though I let the lady know I did not want beans on my dog, it still rocked!! I have had better Sonoran Dogs in Tucson but these are still good, and the coke in the glass bottles just made it better.
5	Hit this place originally after reading Eliot Wexler's review in Edible Phoenix. If Eliot likes something, odds are that I'm going to follow right along. Was definitely the case.Was driving by tonight at 1:00 am & just had to stop again. Quick hit for a hot dog with everything - bacon, mayo, beans, tomatoes and onions on a soft bun/roll.  Piled on my condiments of choice, canned mushrooms - lots of them (just got to love the canned mushrooms), guacamole, cheddar, cotija & salsa. Powered down while there, including retopping the dog countless times with my falling condiments. So yummy.Just a great end to a great night.
2	Perhaps all of the great reviews set me up for disappointment, but I don't understand all of the buzz. An Armour hotdog, half a strip of bacon, a Wonder bread bun, and, admittedly, lots of toppings for $2.75. Of course, if you're in the mood and you're passing by, I guess it's convenient.
4	I'm a self proclaimed hot dog lover and if you are too Nogales is the place for you.  I've never had a sonoran hot dog before, so I have to admit I have nothing to compare to.  But, WOW I am now a fan.  Who would think mayonnaise and bacon on a hot dog sounds good, maybe that's the reason it took me 2 years of living in AZ before I ventured out to try one of  these local favorites.  The price $2.75 is great and talk about the toppings to choose from- onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, cojita cheese, cheddar cheese, guacamole, salsa verde, and mayonnaise all on top of that yummy bacon wrapped grilled hot dog.  My only regret is that I didn't order 2.  I've found since my first trip there I've been looking for reasons to be at Keyboard City at 6pm.  Definetly a must try for the hot dog lover or that foodie who's looking for something new to try.  Check out the picture and I dare you not to run to your car to get yourself one tonight.
3	While Chicago-style dogs are more my flavor... I had to give Nogales a fair chance. I mean... what ISN'T appetizing about eating cheap Mexican weiners sold on dirty Phoenix parking lot?!The stand is set up on the corner of  SW corner of 19th st and Indian School in front of a guitar store, so it was easy to find. I think by 6 pm is when the owner and his wife start setting up.Being that it was my first time, they were very nice when I asked them how I should eat it. This bacon-wrapped, slim hotdog could be topped with anything, onions, beans, mayonnaise, green avocado (i think) dip, salsa... it was dark out so I couldn't really see what I was putting on my hotdog, all I know was that it was getting very heavy and soggy by now.At first bite, it was exactly what I thought it would be... a bacon-wrapped hot dog with onions, beans, etc. Nothing extraordinary.It was definitely refreshing washing it down with a Mexican coke though. I finished my hot dog fairly quick and felt like I wanted another but resisted the temptation. So for less than $5 you can get yourself a Nogales hotdog with a Mexican coke but at least you can tell everyone that you ate Mexican wieners on dirty corner somewhere in Phoenix.
4	A sweet bread with bacon wrapped hot dog came loaded with pinto beans, mayo, tomatoes and onions then you can go to the concession stand and add guacamole, mushrooms, salsa, cheese/mexican cheese, and then you finish with a mexican coke in the bottle...You get greated as you walk up, place your order and have a seat while the cook using plastic gloves put together your food. The place is kept clean and they wipe the tables down with a chlorax solution after you are done.it is well lit for a couple pop up tents and even have a tv showing mexican soaps...We also left with a cup of champurrado...
5	I have to add an enthusiastic thumbs-up to the Nogales Hot Dogs experience.I was incredibly lucky, as I pulled into the parking lot around 6:30 on a Sunday night (note: Keyboard City isn't even there anymore) and saw nothing, yet just as I was leaving in defeat, the van came in.15 minutes later, the whole operation was set up and it made me gape in awe. I expected a small window, not a fully set-up seating area with tables, chairs, a condiment bar, etc.I felt bad about asking them not to top the first one with "everything", which they did anyway. It was AWESOME with everything (which means beans, tomatoes, onions, and mayo). They add those condiments for you, while the others (cheddar cheese, powdery "cotija" cheese, guacamole, mushrooms, and a very good and potent green tomatillo salsa) are part of the condiment bar.15 minutes later, I emerge from my car and ask for another. The guy who runs the place gives me a knowing smile that says it all: "We've heard that before".I wish there was something like this in the Bay Area.
3	I stopped at this stand one late weekend night coz i read about it from Megan McCain's tweet about this sonora hot dog creation. So when I was in the area around 20th st and Indian School, I paid the place a visit. I don't usually carry cash with me, I'm the plastic fiend. This time I salvaged cash laying around my car, and was able to find enough cashola for one hot dog which was like $3.25.The hot dog comes with additions of jalapenos, mayo, salsa, pico, beans, and bacon. It's messy and has an interesting flavor. This is the kind of food that you need to park and eat or sit at one of the tables by the stand and enjoy your hot dog. Also ask for extra napkins. Overall, it's an alright dog, something that I'd try again but not an absolute... gimme a burrito any night!
4	Big thumbs up! Best place to get a Sonoran dog! Great prices, friendly service, long time established. Good people run this place, plus it's kind of nice to eat outdoors late at night in phoenix too.
4	Ever since eating these tasty "Sonoran Hot Dogs" in Tucson I've become obsessed with finding more of 'em.  See my reviews in Tucson.ODE TO THE SONORAN HOT DOG:Ahhhh the Sonoran Hot Dog you are so much better than the Chicago Hot Dog, and the Coney Island Hot Dog, and the Chili-Cheese-Bacon-Dog.  With your sweet bun and wiener wrapped in bacon , you entice the Mexican inspired toppings of beans, tomatoes, guacamole, sauces and onions.  Your condiments are plentiful and overflowing.  I enjoy you with a Mexican Soda, the way a soda should be sipped.... from a GLASS BOTTLE. I adore you Sonoran Hot Dog.As you can see, I'm a fan of these hot dogs.  Nogales Hot Dogs in Phoenix is a decent, roadside stand located in a parking lot. I imagine this to be reminiscent of a REAL Nogales Hot Dog purchased from a street vendor. The Dog is okay, and the place gets an extra star for being a roadside stand. My kind of joint. The bacon was a bit puny. But when you're in Tucson, make sure you visit both El Guero Canelo  and BK Hot Dogs. (Again, see reviews). Those dogs are truly inspiring. Nogales Hot Dogs are a nice runner up, but nothing too amazing. But since they're the only Sonoran Hot Dogs in the Valley of The Sun, we will have to enjoy them too.  Just don't forget to go to Tucson and get them there on your next trip to the Old Pueblo. Then you'll know why I'm so "inspired".   Thanks Nogales Hot Dogs for taking care of my Sonoran Dog obsession.
4	so I finally got to experience the Nogales Hot Dog stand and what  treat. I took my son on his first, of hopefully many, food adventures. I ordered the dog with everything and added some guac, cotijo and hot sauce. What a great little spot to get a late night snack. For $2.75 a piece, you just can't beat it.
5	I absolutely love this place, it's not often that I indulge, but when I get a hankering for a mexi hotdog...Nogales is it! Always incredible service, they are supper sweet and remember your face!!! I brought a friend that had gone a year from not eating meat after breast cancer(she came in from St. Louis) and she wanted to experience a mexican hot dog....SHE ATE 2....she loved them...as I love them.....I also love watching them erect their stand everyday on my drive home from work....what a great local spot...
5	Many may think eating at a restaurant that sets up in a parking lot after the car shop closes might be dicey as far as the health code goes but as we all know, the city health inspectors are crooks and hired usually through nepotism and political graft (how else would Denny's remain open?), so I say forge ahead and experience Nogales Hot Dogs!My friend, Mike, had spoken often about me trying a heavenly wiener, and as he's heterosexual, I assumed it was a food product. To my delight and relief, it was.Mike and I arrived just as they set up and with a little bit of everything on the bacon-wrapped dogs and glass bottles of Coca-Cola, I was scarfing down the delicious mystery meat and considering having another, even though it would be too much to digest and I'd be throwing up from the acid reflux.I can't recommend this place highly enough. Get there early because it fills up fast. As for the next morning, depending on how much hot stuff you put on your dog, you might not want to make any early appointments.
5	We finally made it to this place on December 04, 2010. We arrived at 6:00 PM and the hot dog stand was not there. We drove down Indian School Rd for a couple of miles, turned around and came back to 20th St and Indian School. The Hot Dog ladies were finally  there setting up the show. By 6:30 PM, they were ready to go.My wife and I ordered one hot dog each. The hot dogs came with beans, mayo, tomatoes and of course the bacon wrapped hot dog in a warm, soft delicious bun. We topped them off with mushrooms, salsa verde, guacamole and shredded cheese. We also enjoyed a GLASS bottel of Coca-Cola. The Coke is the Mexican version made with real sugar and not corn syrup.The hot dogs were so good, we each ordered another one.The bill for four loaded hot dogs and two bottles of Coke was $14.00.We gave the lady collecting the money and told her to keep the change. Both women were very grateful for the tip.I have to say, this portable hot dog stand was immaculate. The ladies wore a new set of plastic gloves each time they did a food transaction. We sat at one of the many tables they had set up under a canopy. The chairs are not those flimsy plastic ones that a 150 pound person can break. They are sturdy metal types that a 300 pounder can't break (lol).By the way, they have a Maricopa County Health permit affixed to the cart, so you don't have to worry about this business being legit.I can not say one bad thing about our experience. All of the customers we saw (it got rather busy) were very friendly and patient. The ladies move things along rather quickly and efficiently.10 Thumbs Up to this place. We'll be back.
4	Awesome hot dog  On 20th street and Indian school i think they only open at night.
5	This place is the only place I've found in Phoenix where I can get a champurrado fix.  And they've got great loaded hot dogs, too.  The owners are very sweet and attentive, and they'll bend over backwards to make sure you've got everything you need, particularly if you're getting your dogs to go.  Who knew parking lot food could be so great?
3	When you take a humble hot dog, snuggle it up with a chile pepper, wrap it in bacon and top it with multiple condiments you can only end up with one thing...The "Sonoran Dog!"A street food staple in Sonora, Mexico and a highly sought after late night nosh in the greater Phoenix area, the Sonoran dog is a culinary marvel.On the corner of Indian School road and 20th Street in Phoenix, in a parking lot of all places, you will find a cart bearing the name "Nogales Hot Dogs,"serving none other than Sonoran hot dogs.A few picnic tables and a pop-up tent are all that separates this street food vendor from others. I sidled up to the cart and place my order (since this was my first visit, I asked to have my pair of dogs the way the vendor liked his). For the paltry sum of $7, I got two dogs topped with tomato, bacon, mayonnaise, cotija cheese and pinto beans along with a 16 ounce "Mexican" Coke (old school glass bottle, pure cane sugar, frosty and absolutely refreshing!)From the first bite to the last, I enjoyed my Sonoran Dog experience. Although I would have liked a bit more depth of flavor, maybe more zest, I would drop in on the Nogales Dogs crew for a snack anytime. If you're in the area and feel a rumbling in your gut, drop on in an have a couple dogs, I did!
4	Camelback rd. has established itself as the avenue for gourmet burgers.  Indian School is laying claim to the hot dog.  Between Nogales, Maui Dogs, the regular visits from Short Leash and now Joeys of Chicago, Indian School is fast becoming the defacto hot dog mecca for locals.While not quite as good as the Sonoran dogs in Tucson or even Mexico, this place more than sufficiently satisfies your cravings.  And the fact that it is cash only and in a shady parking lot only heightens the 'South of the Border' like adventure.
4	Ok, so last night I had the munchies and decided to finally try this place... and I'm glad I did.  I really didn't know what to expect.  Mexican hotdogs really doesn't happen in my family.  I asked what the hotdog comes with and they said bacon, beans, cheese, onions, mayo and tomatoes.  So, I ordered everything but the mayo (mayo on a dog?).  The hotdogs comes in this amazing bread (it's not a hotdog bun).  The flavors were great together but it seemed like it was missing something... next time I'm getting the mayo.  Plus, they have these other types of salsas you can add and I should have added that. I'll be back soon but next time I'm gonna mix it up.
5	I grew up in Tucson & I would head down to Nogales Mexico from time to time... one thing one must do in Nogales is get a Hot Dog from a street vendor. The hot dogs are sooo good. Anyways when I heard about this shop I just had to eat a dog & true to it's name, yes they are quite good as the shops in Nogales. The staff is friendly & the service is prompt. I can't say more of this place, but that I'm The Duke of this spot! I doubt that anyone will ever take my Dukieness, but Amber is welcome to try. First dog is on me Baby.
4	This is a solid three stars, almost four (I bumped for the hours!). I popped in here a few weeks ago to get some much needed protein before boozing it up. If you're going to ingest a plate full of fat, this is a really great way to do it. Bacon wrapped hotdogs slathered with mayo and tied together with what has to be the most amazing "bun" I've ever had. I took mine with the beans and tomatoes, hold the onions, and slopped on as much of the green salsa as I could. The dog was gone in about 30 seconds. Good stuff.
4	The hot dog is, well, a boiled hot dog wrapped in bacon on a generic bun - BUT the toppings are WHAT MAKES THIS PLACE! The $3 price tag doesn't hurt either! Breaking the dog down: it's topped with diced tomatoes and onions in mayo, pinto beans, and your choice of salsa verde, (parmesan? cotija?) cheese, guacamole, shredded cheese, and marinated mushrooms. I went sans the onions, mushrooms, and shredded cheese but the result was a fiery tastebud explosion! In one word: BOMB! (In a good way!) Don't be afraid to give this place a try! It's shady looking but I didn't get sick from it and you won't be sorry!
5	Don't be intimidated by the location, nor by the name, you will be missing out if you don't give them a shot.The first time that I saw the van on the side of the road several years ago, I ignorantly chuckled and never thought that I would see myself trying their product.Well, three years later, here we are and I must say that my ignorant chuckle was exactly that, Ignorant!If you are curious about trying a Sonoran Hotdog, or if you have no idea what a Sonoran Style Hotdog is, then trust me when I say that this is a definite must in the hotdog world.The traditional American styles don't stand a chance to the Sonoran Style, not even a Chicago Style dog can touch these guys.First off, the dog is wrapped in a nice strip of swine, a.ka. (bacon), you then add toppings, such as chopped tomato, peppers, different types of salsa's, finely grated artisan cheese, similar to Parmesan. There are so many different combinations, that you can't eat just one or two. The flavor of the peppers in the Salsa's goes along with the flavor of the dog and the bacon like a bullet in a gun, you can't do any damage unless you have both of them together. :)The family at this location is as friendly as can be, so don't be scared if you're an uncultured white person, you're not going to get robbed or shot if you're respectful and cool...lol It's good to get out of your stupid comfort zone and be a real human once in a while. You will have a memorable experience and be glad that you experienced something new, and your tongue will be thanking you and asking you to go back for more instead of driving by and contemplating on making a stop in the future.The cool thing is that you can sit at the table under a nice awning, drink a Mexican Coke, and pay your entire tab with cash at the end of your experience. If for some reason you have a problem, give me a shout..I'm right up the street. ;)Cheers!
4	Nogales offers a standard Sonoran Hot Dog.  They're cooked up on a cart located at 20th St and Indian School (across the street from 7Eleven).  One plus over other Sonoran dog carts in they let you put your own toppings on.  This provides the customer the perfect opportunity to dress up their dogs to taste.  It's given to you with covered with pinto beans, diced tomatoes and mayo.  The rest is up to you.I did get buns that were on the stale side the other night but I think it was just dumb luck.  Just read the other reviews and it's easy to see this is a quality cart.  An imperfect dog will slip thru from time to time.  Even with the inferior buns this was still one tasty dog.  Wash your Nogales dog down with a Mexican Coke.  It's a perfect pairing.
5	So I found out I was going to be coming in to Scottsdale for a conference and my husband was anxious to find a place to try this sonoran hot dog we've heard so much about on food shows. We followed directions on my phone's GPS in our rental car, driving up and down the street each time it would look like we passed our target. He finally calls them and they explain they are located in front of some building. We pull up and I'm incredulous- he brought me to a van, tent, folding table and chairs set up. I was starving but refused to eat at that point. There was no way I was eating on a plastic chair in a parking lot. So he orders one with everything for himself and I watch him eat it. My mouth starts watering. He offeres me a bite. I try to refuse and then can't anymore. SO GOOD!!! A hot dog wrapped in bacon in a definitely different bun- slightly sweet and soft. Topped with beans, onions, tomatoes, salsa verde, mayo (which can be good on a hot dog), mexican cheese. It is so good we still crave it. And much like the lesson we all learned as kids: Never judge a book by it's cover. Don't look at it like a tent in a parking lot. It's a hot dog oasis in a concrete jungle. :)
5	Rare, 5 star banner.  They so deserve it!  Good food, no fuss, and friendly service!
5	rico and his wife operate this yummy hot dog stand!
5	SO SIMPLE, & SO DELICIOUS!  (ZERO AMBIANCE!) A Street Vendor & Only One Item On This Menu:Hot Dogs Soaked With Bacon, & on the side there is Guacamole, Cream Cheese, Beans, & Several Salsas to choose from! Followed by a Mexican bottled Coca-Cola; the glass bottle & the cane sugar makes a huge difference in taste!That's it!
4	they arrived around 6:30pm in front of...oh, i forgot the name-grow something or another, they were really nice though...we were the first folks there, and kinda hung off to the side as they began setting up. but then people began arriving in small clusters. we took a seat and allowed them to finish their business. the lady came right over to our table when they were ready and took our order first. awesome! both the man and lady were super friendly and joked a bit with my husband about our busy little one year old.the dogs came super quick and they were absolutely divine! so good that the husband and i split another after our first. gluttons we are, yes. but anything wrapped in bacon and snuggled in that bun is worth it in my book. four dogs and a coke totaled out to $13.50...threw a few bucks in for a tip and called it a night.all in all i've gotta say it was worth the drive from goodyear and the wait for arrival and set up.
5	Dude.
5	The Sonoran Hot Dog is my favorite type of hot dog! I ate so many as a kid on trips to Mexico, which is why every hot dog I've eaten has always been compared to the Sonoran dog.The actual dog is bacon-wrapped, has a special bun, which is very soft and sweet, to hold all of the toppings such as beans, onions, tomatoes and mayonnaise. I added the creamy, green, guac-type sauce and cotija cheese. It was amazing!The hardest part is holding the hot dog at the right angle so you won't spill your toppings and YOU MUST wash it down with a Mexican soda.Nogales is located in a parking lot on the corner of Indian School Rd and 20th St, across from 7-Eleven.Don't be discouraged by the location, cart, van or folding tables/chairs. Service is quick and friendly. Take cash!
4	This is a great street vendor experience: The food isn't bad, the place is open until shady hours of the night, and the location elevates the experience of eating a hotdog from boring to feeling a tad dangerous and cool. Nogales Hot Dogs makes eating hot dogs feel dangerous and cool. That's reason enough for you to go.
5	Everyone loves a good hot dog! Now, imagine that good hot dog wrapped in bacon, on Mexican style buns, oh my lord.. I'm getting excited.First of all, the Nogales Hot Dog cart is located on 20th st and Indian School in a random parking lot- don't let it deter you. Its nice and dark out there, so I enjoy going often in my pajamas.The standard hot dog is wrapped in bacon and served wit mayonnaise, tomatoes and pinto beans. On top, I generally add cojita cheese, a spicy green chile and mushrooms! YES! Mushrooms! They also have a guacamole type sauce, hot peppers and Mexican soda! They have everything!I would just like to say that I think that the service is outstanding. The men and women that run the cart are always so friendly and very helpful. They even gave my boyfriend a t-shirt once! You HAVE to try these hot dogs!
4	went back for the little guy's birthday after his first game of miniature golf the dinner request 'hot dogs!'...still delicious, still super friendly, still worth the drive.
5	So good.
5	Delicious!
5	Welcome to Nogales Hotdogs: A Hot Dog Attraction I ordered two with everything on them and a refreshing coke in a glass bottle. The hot dog is wrapped in bacon crammed with beans tomatoes and more especially that you could add more toppings. Of course you may ask, how can a hot dog bread hold so much food without falling apart and that is because it does not use a hot dog bun it uses another type of bread. I think it might have been a "bolillo" type bread. "Whoa whoa!!!" some might say "a hot dog without the classic type hot dog bread?" has the whole world gone crazy!!! Well believe this a Sonoran Dog doesn't fit in a classic hot dog bun because it doesn't belong in a classic hot dog bun. There is no secrete formula to these animals, in all possibility some might say there is nothing special about these, "I can make that from home." type thought from those fancy critics. One thing is for sure you can not make the atmosphere like this from home, sitting on a street corner at night is not a common thing in fact kinda adds a risky edge. Saw a few kind of gypsy looking people walk by and immediately I imagined my self eating a hot dog in one of those dangerous cities from Mexico you hear about. such as hint hint Nogales. Hence the attraction aspect to it.So after I was done eating I paid my tab, gladly paid, we need more friendly people like this running businesses. After that we dove for our vehicles and bailed before the Mexican Drug Cartels could show up.
5	Bacon wrapped hotdog in the softest, melt in your mouth bun.  Pull a U-turn and do NOT pass this place by!   My bro-in-law whipped the fastest u-turn in a mini-van as we drove by and I was describing a Sonoran hot dog to him.   Not even kidding. Bring cash.  Order two. Get it with everything (unless you hate onions like me, then just go right ahead and leave those off).  Don't forget to add avocado sauce.   Take 'em to go or enjoy them on the tables and chairs in the parking lot. I have taken out of town visitors, family and gone on date nights here.  You can't say it's not an authentic and memorable experience, that's for sure.    So glad Nogales Hot Dogs is just down the street from my house!
3	I've been past this place many nights on my trip between central phoenix and downtown scottsdale, I've heard of the delights to be had, I've desired the bacon wrapping, but I've never actually stopped. That is until now. All the stars aligned this night. I had a hankering for something tasty, I was driving past, it was after everything else closed already - well except for taco bell, but who reall WANTS to eat at taco bell? We ordered up two dogs with all the toppings - well, everything but onions and tomato for me. As exciting as this moment was for me, I couldn't help but compare them to my favorite dog - (ShortLeash). I really think it's unfair to compare everyone to them, but you just can't help it. Pre-short leash this spot may have had high ratings in my book, but I left still hungry after an a-ok dog thinking that next time, I'll just stop at taco bell :-/All in all - not a terrible hot dog, but nothing about it made me want to "write home about it" with exception of their late night hours.Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	"I've been around this block twice now. Looking for something. A clue. I've been looking for clues and something led me back here. Yeah. So here I am. It could have been me, the one who was at Ringo's place when the shit went down. Hey. I know how it is. I've been there. We've all done bad things. We've all had those guilty feelings in our heart. I'm going to take your brain out of your head and wash it and scrub it and make it clean. I don't know. But I'm going to have to settle this. First we're going to check the grill and see what we can find. We're going to get nice and wet, and you're going to spread your buns. Oh, that's good. So you know me. You know my reputation. Thirteen inches of tough load, I don't treat you gently. That's right. I'm Brock Landers. So I'm going to be nice. So I'm going to be nice. So I'm going to be nice, I'm going to ask you one more time. Where the fuck is Ringo?" Dirk: stands up and looks directly at a massive delicious sonoran dog wrapped in bacon with tomatillo salsa, cotija cheese, creamy guacamole, pico, and mustard. You are a star. You are star, You are a star, You are a star. You are a big, bright, shining star. That's right. "
5	Remember when Hot Dogs were boring and had just mayo, ketchup and/or mustard? Well I don't because I come here all the time. This food stop has one of the best Sonoran Style Hot Dogs in the Valley, nothing beats this place. Go now order everything on it and by the way they ACCEPT CC's now so A++!!!
4	Ohhh myyyy goodness... These dogs are fabulous! We went here for an early Mother's Day dinner as my mom has been dying to try these after reading about them in the paper. PROS: What sticks in my mind is the most amazingling soft cloud-like buns. Also, I was surprised at how much I loved the beans they put on top! Yum! Also, the owners were SO incredibly nice. They made eating on the side of Indian School Rd. in a furniture store parking lot surprisingly cozy. It is clearly family run and it shows in the best of ways.CONS: I wish the bacon would have been a little crisper or showcased more, rather than being buried under the toppings. Oh well can't have it all. I will go back!!!
5	SO GOOD! Best Sonoran Dogs around by far.
5	Look, I'm just a Philly guy from out of town that was in town for business for a few days, and happened to have a friend in Phoenix who wanted to show me the best of Phoenix street food.  I'm not one to say no to that proposition.  And I don't know if these Mexican style hot dogs are better than the ones you get in LA or anything like that.  I'm not that savvy when it comes to this style.  But what I will say is this... after trying one of these with guacamole, cheese, and salsa, I wanted to immediately eat two more.  You know what really sold it to me?  The roll.  I've never had such a soft hot dog roll in my life.  And even though it was so soft, it held together like a champ with all of those ingredients on it.  The ladies told me that they get them from a local bakery.  Kudos to that bakery, whomever that is.  I was considering naming this the best hot dog I've ever had after eating it.  Today, I'm not going to be that extreme.  But it's right up there with my favorite places, and it will be a repeat destination for me if I'm ever back in town.
5	Get it dressed! It comes with sour cream, beans, tomatoes, and onions (and of course the bun and dog). Now, normally, I refuse to eat sour cream, beans, or tomatoes but after tasting one bite of this dog I was converted. Everything worked together like a symphony and was absolutely delicious. Come try one!
4	Not the best sonoran dog I've had and my dreams are still dominated by the famous ones in tucson but I thought it was pretty tasty overall and only cost $3 for a pretty overstuffed pooch.I like their whole set up though. It feels way less sketchy than buying hot dogs out the side of a van. Which is sort of what you're doing.
4	Very nice owners, good hot dogs... If you're in the area stop by...
4	Tasty Sonoran-style hot dogs which is a smoke bacon wrap hot dog topped with beans, fresh tomatoes, grill onions, mayonnaise and cream sauce. Hit the toppings stations if you want to add additional toppings including shredded cheddar cheese, salsa and avocado sauce. They also have ice cold coke in 355 ml glass bottles.
5	Hot dogs are pretty much my favorite food, and Nogales Hot Dogs does not disappoint! There are definitely a few good hot dog places around Phoenix, and this one is up there with the good ones. I had the Sonoran style hot dog, which was absolutely mouth watering. They had a great selection of toppings as well, more than I was expecting. I thought the prices were vary reasonable, about $3-4. If you're looking for a new joint to try a fabulous hot dog, this is the place!
5	This place was awesome! Everyone in my party ate at least two hotdogs my cousin ate three. I had mine wrapped in bacon with grilled onions, mayo, green salsa and yellow cheese it was so good! Everyone else in my party had it with everything ( bacon wrapped, onions, tomatoes, beans & mayo) we all agree that the bread is something special. I can't wait to come back to this Phoenix gem
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the Sonoran Dogs here!!!! The bread feels like you are biting into a cloud!! Best one in town in my opinion! The owner Pablo is always friendly and ready to take your orders and if you are in a rush you can take it to go!
5	They never disappoint!! The beautiful bacon wrapped hot dog with beans, mayo, onions, and tomatoes is cradled between this bread that could be classified as cloud bread is so satisfying. Me and my girls once traveled the roads in the pouring rain to nourish our Sonoran dog craving, they're that delicious.
5	Whenever I'm in the area I always stop at Nogales Hot Dogs for a sonoran dog!
5	I don't like hog dogs but these are bomb!!! And walking distance from me  ....yeeaaaaaa
5	Its a solid five stars. Pull in, grab a night Sonoran Dog, some salsa and guac, and get out. Service is good, food is very decent (not the best Sonoran Dog I've ever had but still very good), and price is right.When you get a late night hankerin', get on down and get yourself a dog.
5	These hot dogs are proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy. Need I say more?My friend introduced me to this place the other night after our time at the Yard. Now I'm sold. Apart from an authentic Chicago dog I grew up on, these are the top dog. Yes, I rate hot dogs. That's normal right?You must stop!
5	For $3, you get a bacon-wrapped hot dog in a delicious bun (all the "cloud"-referencing reviews aren't inaccurate) topped with beans, mayo, and tomatoes. They also throw in sides of a watery guacamole sauce (it's not bad, just watery so you can pour it over your dog easier), two different kinds of cheese, and salsa. Delicious and a good price.It was a little hard to find in the dark because I was expecting an actual shop, not a food truck, but they're always in the same place (their shirts and truck even have Indian School & 40th St. written on it).
5	The best Sonoran hotdogs in Phoenix.  It's a great hot stand. Great comfort or hang over food!
5	I am so disappointed in myself. I have lived within a mile or so of Nogales Hot Dogs for going on 8 years.I have lived within a half mile for the last 7 months.  And it wasn't until recently I actually stopped and got a couple dogs.So many great Yelp reviews. So many great reviews from my friends. And for years, I have deprived myself of this little bit of mouth-magic!The buns (like everyone else has mentioned) are amazing! Cloudlike, soft, but able to stand up to the dog and all the toppings.I loaded mine up with everything - and loved every last bite.Washed it down with a Mexican Coke (yay, real sugar!) and was a very very happy girl!I put the second dog in the fridge and brought it to work for breakfast the next day. While the bread wasn't quite as perfect - I can vouch that as a fork and knife breakfast, even the day old Nogales Dog is still a winner!
4	The first time I had Nogales, it was amazing. The next time, it was still good but not as great as I remembered. Maybe it's better when you're drunk.  Maybe I realized the second time that the dog itself was pretty small.  The toppings add a unique flavor. I wish the bacon was more crispy and that it stood out more. $3 per dog.
5	I googled Best Hotdogs in Phoenix and found Nogales Hotdogs.  I got one with everything and added more.   We drove 6.8 miles out of our way and my husband was not happy until we got our food.  The buns are amazing and truly are cloud like.  I will be searching for a Mexican bakery which sells them.  If I find them I'll never have am American style hotdog bun again!  The hotdogs are bacon wrapped and grilled.  I ordered mine with everything.  Next time I will order more sauce - mayo or crema - not sure. I added several extra toppings and cannot say enough how great it was.  It's a really nice owner operated outdoor stand with outdoor tables under an awning just like in Mexico.  2 hotdogs and a bottled water were $7.  I love this place and we will be back.
4	Delicious Sonoran hotdogs! They're wrapped in bacon and topped with mayo, onions, tomatoes, and beans. Plus you can add peppers, mushrooms, hot sauce, cheese, or guacamole. They're always parked in the comic book store parking lot at the corner of Indian School and 20th street. Friendly service. Yummy comfort food. I'm from Michigan and while chili dogs are still my favorite, Nogales hot dogs are definitely in 2nd place :-)
3	Five stars for The staff and ambiance, Two stars for hot dog....It is good for a quck street dog.
1	Paying $3 for $.50 hotdogs on cheap buns I don't get why people are giving more than one star. I'm totes confused. Don't really know what else to talk about. It's a cheap hotdog they overprice...
4	Before my second trip out to Phoenix I did a search for the best foods from the area. Nogales was something that popped up right away! I was slightly intimidated by the location but that's only because I was new to the area. Definitely nothing to be afraid of. Stop your car now, if you're contemplating pulling into the lot! If you are, you should be! The buns are what everyone says...soft, cloud like deliciousness. The hotdog was a bit over cooked but all the toppings made up for it! I'll be back, that's for sure!
5	I am so pleased I found this place! After living in Tucson for several years I was really missing easy access to Sonoran Hotdogs. After trying several places in the Phoenix area, I must say this place is my absolute favorite! I live in the North West Valley but it is well worth the trip!
2	Negales food is just like the food at any other hot dog stand, apart from the mega-sizes, the fancy names, and the endorsements from celebrities that have visited the place. These people are sleeping in their laurels. Everything tastes like out-of-the-can, not fresh or home-made. It's a regular hot-dog stand, over-hyped by the media. Fame with no substance.
3	I wanted to like this place as much as some of the other Yelpers, I really really did. But I just don't get what's so great about this place. I was visiting my mom who is recovering from open heart surgery at the heart hospital and i was hungry. Its Sunday night so options aren't a lot. I came across Nogales Hot Dogs on Yelp and it was right down the road. The pictures of the hot dogs looked outstanding and made my mouth water. They looked even better in person. So when I bit into them what was my reaction? "That's it!" I will say that the bread they come on is really good. I don't know if they make their own bread but it was different from majority of hot dog buns. But the hot dog wasn't that special. I had 3 of them each with different toppings on them cause I was starving and each one was more lackluster than the other. I will cut them some slack cause they said they were out of bacon wrapped dogs. And we all know bacon is the meaning of life so that might've made a huge difference. They also shouldn't charge bacon wrap dogs prices for a regular dog if they're out of bacon wrap ones. I will try them again cause I normally like to give a place a couple tries before I review them. But If you never been here before, I wouldn't get my hopes up its going to blow you away like the other reviews say. I haven't been this disappointed since I found out Santa Claus wasn't real. And I only found that out last year when I caught him next to his Chevy truck taking a smoke break.
5	Great Mexican style hot dogs at a great price! I usually don't eat from food trucks but I couldn't pass this place up! I was a little confused when I arrived because I wasn't sure if they had different styles of hot dogs.. I requested 3 hot dogs (2 for my husband and 1 for myself) to go. They served all toppings on the side so when I got home my hot dogs were nice and warm and the bread was delicious! Based on the quality/taste of their food this place gets a 5!
5	Delicious! Fast and delicious! They have pickled jalapenos, salsa, and cheese if you want other accoutrements.
5	Just like my home Hot Dogs in Hermosillo by the University.They are rich and gigantic, so show up hungry!
3	I noticed the ratings for this place and thought I'd give it a try. Me and my cousin drove there and it was about 20 minutes away. I didn't realize that it was a food truck until I looked up the reviews on yelp. On top of that they didn't show up until 8pm, but it said they open at 7pm. Staff was nice though and I liked their set up. We ordered about 6 sonoran dogs and had it to go. Everything was packaged nicely. I thought the dogs were ok and good, but not great. The ingredients were good except for the beans, seemed a bit over dry to me. Probably the best thing was that salsa. It had a very nice heat to it and made the dog really stand out and taste better. All in all, I most likely wouldn't drive out there again just because I know I can get almost the same exact sonoran dog near me.
4	its a food truck across the street the from the 7 eleven. great tasting hotdogs!
2	These hot dogs are good, but they are always late setting up. This is the second time I have been here with the same problem, I arrived at 7 p.m & nobody was outside in the parking lot. I came back at 7:38 & they are barely setting up & said that it'll be 15 minutes more until they will be ready. Something they reaaaaaally have to work on.
4	There are not a lot of good Sonoran hotdog places east of central so I am excited to report that there is finally a place that you don't have to travel all the way to the west side of Phoenix to get a good Sonoran style hotdog.  The buns are fresh and soft and surprisingly, the toppings are more abundant then  the typical cart I find in Tucson. And you can't beat the hours. They also take cards. Two dogs and two jarritos = $11
4	The prices are great, two hot dogs and a drink for 5$! You must try the banana daiquiri, they make it delicious! Only problem is the local is quite small and there are no seats, but you can take a little walk and have your meal at Phoenix!
4	Looking for cheap and great hot dogs in AZ? Then this is your place! A bit out of the way but a nice walk up Broadway for a tasty hot dog and drink. hot dogs and a drink for $4.99. Can't beat that in AZ! there aren't any places to sit so just be prepared. It's a stand-and-eat meal.
5	This is such a fun, little place. Its technically a hot dog stand with tables and chairs but something about this place made me feel like such a local Phoenician! lol. They serve Sonoran dogs that are wrapped in bacon with all the fixin's! So delicious. The bread and cheese they use are just fantastic. The owner was such a sweet lady and they were also quick. I will definitely be back to this place sometime soon. 2 hotdogs and 2 sodas for $9.00? SCORE!
3	After having the bacon wrapped hot dogs in Tucson at El Guero Canelo and BK'S I was excited to try these and only have one thing to say "Go to Tucson"The mexican hot dog buns are good and the bacon wrapped dog is lost in all the the condiments beans salsa.The questionable thing was all the add on that you don't know how long they have been sitting out.It is a food truck style so don't expect anything nice and don't expect to sit down.I think once you have tried something better it is tough to live up to those expectations.
4	After trying my first Sonoran hot dog in Tucson and subsequently falling in love with a food item, I decided I really needed to check out this little hot dog stand. Now, I don't know if it's just because nothing compares to your first, but I would say this was not as good as El Guero Canelo. Don't get wrong, it was tasty and I will be back ... but there is just something magical about El Guero Canelo's version. I would pay good money if someone could tell me where El Guero Canelo gets their buns. Those are the fluffiest, sweetest, most amazing buns I've ever had in my mouth.Get your mind of of the gutter.
5	Delicious! Fast ! Fresh!!! Plenty of different hot dogs and toppings. Sonoran Dogs are the best, love them. Guys are very funny and friendly. Its usually not easy  to find a chair to sit cause its just a few of them there, but i dont mind.
4	Absolutely delicious hot dogs coming out of this place!  How can you go wrong with bacon wrapped hot dogs???  Super friendly staff, reasonably priced and quick place to get some late night eats in Phoenix.
4	It's a bacon wrapped hotdog with many topping choices, fun and tasty street food. It can save your life after a long night on the town. Tasty even when sober.  Scratched my hot dog itch for sure! Getting it to go works too! Staff is friendly.
4	Appearing only after sunset in the parking lot of a tire shop or other similar establishment, Sonoran Hot Dog Food Trucks are an awesome thing to catch, especially late at night when the other normal options would be greasy Mexican or diner food. Try to figure out their schedule, though, because it's not an every-day or all-day thing.
