5	The food was just perfect! This is a new place, and the atmosphere is more fast food (although it is not) than a proper restaurant. It's also not in a very crowded or popular neighborhood, being a bit far from downtown.  However, they had very good middle eastern kebobs, and their vegetarian falafel was good, cheap and a huge portion. I definitely recommend you to go and try it out. I will go there again. The prices are also very reasonable.
5	The falafel, shawarma and kefta are the classic, fast-food staples of Mediterranean cuisine and Jack's has nailed it. The hummus and Jerusalem salad have just the right amount of tahini and the food is cooked to order. No dry or overcooked falafel. This spot is the jammy jam for this kinda food in Champaign!Don't plan on being impressed by the decor in the place though... there is none. That doesn't bother me at all. Jack's feels more like my friend's house and their parents keep offering me more food..."Eat! EAT! Try this. You'll love it! You want some more baklava? Here, take three pieces."... and I like that. My only complaint: I wish they were open late.
3	I must say the food here is very good.  I've had the shawarma, gyros and kabobs.  The hummus is very good as well.  Although I think it is worth mentioning that the service is questionable.  There are slow and unfriendly cashiers working and quite often their out of certain menu items.
4	Despite the minimal decor and burgers, don't expect fast food. On the upside, this means all the meat dishes are cooked to order and succulent. The downside is that it takes a while, even when there are no other customers. When its busy, its glacial. I admire that they don't take shortcuts, but I have a feeling they could be a lot more efficient without affecting food quality.The employees don't seem very experienced, but they try to make up for it by doing whatever they can for you.
4	I highly recommend this place for catering.  We ordered a catering order for 80, and when we had to scale the order back, the owner was so nice about adjusting the bill for us.  It was ready exactly on time, and juicy rather than dried out.  If you order their meat kebabs and cut them in half with a pair of heavy duty scissors they are perfect party food.  They're a family business and deserve support, considering the dominance of super crappy fast food in this town.  I pray that they don't close.  Their location is crappy, and the interior is kind of offputting, so much so that we didn't want to eat in the first time but took out instead.  The owner insisted on giving me a free piece of semolina cake even though I just had a falefel because he saw me eyeing it.  It was very touching to me because I'm a Asian woman and not all merchants are that warm to me in rural illinois, if you know what I mean.
4	I like this place a lot. I have only ordered from their Arab menu, and have yet to try the classic American dishes, but it is always very good! The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because the is so super-ugly and there are only two tables to set at -- lame.  I hardly care, though. I don't go there for the ambiance, I go there for the hummus and falafel!
3	This mediterrannean cuisine place is work like a fast-food restaurant. The ambient is not so good. There is only 2 tables inside and they are not tidy.However, food is OK. When you get a meal, there will be a lot of food (entree, sides etc.) It's impossible to leave this place without feeling completely full. Kefta kebab is my favourite. All kebab orders come with 2 sides (usually rice pilaf and fries). Hummus, Baba Ganoush and Falafel are also good. I didn't like Shawarma and Kibbi.Price range is moderate, but according to the amount you pay, you will definitely get more than that.
1	I stopped by this place on Monday October 12, 2009. It is closed forever as Jack's Grill.The new owner was inside remodeling.  He claims to be reopening by 10/14/09 under a new name of "Holy Land" restaurant.
