5	Went here on June 2nd, 2013. First of all I been here many times and never got gas but got car washes here and so I pulled into this place and went to a gas pump and I started pumping gas and the pump kept on stopping by itself and when my tank was full I hung up the nozzle and the pump was not showing anything about a receipt with my car wash I purchase, so I went inside to ask for my receipt and they said they just lost power and it will be a while till it comes back on and then everyone that was pumping gas came in inside and after about 5 minutes the power was back and I ended up getting 5 free $22 diamond car washes. This place is also has the cheapest gas when you buy a car wash at the pump and you will save $.25 which I only paid $3.22 instead of 3.47. What a great deal. Next time I'm in vegas ill come back again.
3	This is a self-service car wash, meaning you scrub, wash, and dry your vehicle yourself.I stopped at the vacuum first, to clear the detritus and that one lone McDonald's French fry that lurks beneath the driver's seat of every car in America. The vacuum whirred into life after eating four quarters. The suction was strong and proved more than enough for the French fry. I finished the front driver's side, driver's rear, and passenger's rear when the vacuum died. I had to feed it four more quarters to finish the front passenger's side of the car.After my car was vacuumed, I pulled into one of the car wash stalls. I paid eight more quarters for five minutes and forty seconds of soap and water and brush. After I finished scrubbing and then rinsing three sides of my car the time expired and I had to reinsert another eight quarters. My Prius is shiny and looks new again!This car wash was satisfactory, except its business model was plain; do not allow the consumer enough time to finish and require that they insert more money. However, at a total cost of 24 quarters ($6) this is still cheaper and produces a cleaner car wash than a drive through. Would come again! Remember to bring a towel for drying!
5	The Full Service wash is an excellent value at $22. I added a hand wax for an additional $18.The car was spotless when I got it back. They vacuumed up every bit of dirt and debris from the floor. The interior dressing was applied evenly. The manager even stepped in to inspect the vehicle while was it was being polished and touched up a few spots himself.Unlike other car washes, the attendant was not pushy and did not try to up sell me on any items.  Very good service.  Attention to detail. They take pride in what they do.
5	Cheap, fast, and best of all, extremely friendly and professional.  I didn't get the inside vaccumed, just the outside my car washed and I got the best package at $12.  My car was left spotless as always and only took about 15 minutes from the time I got there.  This is the location at the Chevron gas station at the corner of maryland and tropicana.
5	Best hand wax & detail.  Way better then any of the others in town I've tried. Plus no hidden fees or tricks. $ 40 STRAIGHT UP ON MY EXPODITION. MADE IT SHINE !. MIRROR IMAGE!!! As though I just drove it out of the show room .
