2	don't use Ruben as your sales guy................the place does have good cars
1	Crappiest cars and car lot I have ever dealt with. Billy the manager curses at customers and paul the sales guy presses buttons to customers on phone, acts like a child  and curses at them as well. Martin the owner does not care about employees bad behaviors to customers and never calls back, ever, left him over 15 messages. billy the manger claims to be a Christian, but is a pathetic liar and so desperate for customers he writes his own reviews. Cars purchased from this establishment are pure garbage and both cars I purchased are 06's and one, not even 6 months old, transmission completely gone, starting having problems first week off lot, and bought back in the first month seven times, and they still never fixed it. Pure lemons here, reported to BBB and attorney generals office. DO not buy from here, pretend to help, but are pathetic lying snakes who are scam cursing pathetic excuses for human beings and a car lot. Nothing they state is true by any means what so ever
5	I bought a car from the guys at Credit Mart and love it!The process was easy and Billy worked with me to ensure I was taken care of.Phil, the salesman, really cared about what I wanted in my new car and took the steps necessary to make sure I was happy.When it came to financing my new car I could not have asked for a better team to fight for what I could afford.If you are looking to buy a new car this is the place. Don't be discouraged by the size of the lot because the guys at credit mart will make sure you leave happy.
1	Your such a liar Billy, I have the paperwork here our complaints have NOT been dismisssed and will be on file for 3 years. I have 3 adult kids, your dumb!!!! Dominick does not live with us, nor is he my child, so what he does has no reflection on me whatsoever. The owner still never calls back, nor does he address problems  w his shit hole cars he sells.The mustang was financed, it broke down, so that is 3 lemons your organization sold. Get your facts and stories straight before you post ficticious statements. Any more slanderous comments against my daughter will be seeing you in court!!!!! She did not wreck up a car another lie, has never been in a accident. Your sales person curses and pushes buttons on the phone when customers call, and I have witnesses to this. You lie.lie lie. Your not a Christian based company as you claim, due to your cussing, lie and lemon cars you sell to innocent people. it is a fact the owner is lazy and never addresses any problems, he has been, was there and is there when these cars were sold.  Your nothing but a pathetic liar, go write your own four star review you really need it, because your organization sucks
1	First I would like to say this place is the worst place to buy a car from. I've never in my life experience service in this way. I took my daughter here to buy a car. She fell in love with a baby blue BMW. Ruben was the general Manager at the time. Also somebody name mike also was working there. We brought the car and was promised a warranty. Ruben stated they would pay for half of the warranty. ( He lied)  He had us lie to the finance company. My daughter only had her car for two days before the check engine light came on. We took the car back and she was given a loaner car. She had the loaner car for one day and the engine blew up. Ruben was saying it was my daughters fault that she should have known about cars. My daughters was out on a dark road by herself. The company had to send a tow truck out to get her n the car. Now I'm trying to fiqure out how are you going to give my 18 year old daughter a car and something was wrong with it. Then she was told that she was only suppose to drive it from work n to school. Now I'm pissed off. Two weeks passed and my daughter still did not have her car. They would not give her another loaner car. When ever my daughter or myself would call to see if her car was ready we was told another two or three days. We was told that they was waiting on a part from BMW. They day we was told it would be ready we went there and they was closed. We called Ruben and ask what was going on. He stated mike was there and he had the keys to the car. Mike was eating at some little food stand. He had instant attitude. He refused to give us the key and stated she owe money for the car she blew up. Now I'm like ok what is really going on. We left and came back the following day. Her car was sitting out front and undrivable. It was  drivable when we drop it off. Mike is screaming at us to get off the property. He threatened to call the police. But we already had them on the way. I figured they was trying to hold her car until the warranty ran out. I immediately called the finance company and explained the situation and how we were told to lie to them. The finance company told me not to worry about it that they would handle getting their money back. I was told to leave the car there by my father. The police told us it was a civil matter. We were also told by the police that this wasn't the first time they received calls like this. They gave us information to contact the attorney general's office. They explained to us how this was not the first time the customers from this location has called them. The funny thing is when the police got there ruben disappear with his scary ass. We still to this day have not received our down payment back we were also told that the car will be put on our credit as a repo and we only have the car in our possession for 1 day. Beware of auto credit Mart on Bell Road do not go there. The place is shady.
