5	In all of my years of coffee drinking and ordering from Starbucks I have never once had an experience like I did at the Baggage Claim location of the McCarran Airport. I was running late after dropping my daughter off and I decided to stop and get my fix. Granted I payed a higher price, but I would pay that higher price each and every day just to have someone be as cheerful and friendly as Darlene. If I didn't have to pay for parking, I would come up there every time. Never mind the fact that I live in Anthem and work in Boulder City. Darlene was a doll and being that it was 6 am she offered a cheerful attitude that not many people possess at any time of the day let alone 6 am. Most all residents go to the airport at one time or another, go see her as she will bring a smile to your face. It's nice to see people do a good job because they want to. Kudos Starbucks for hiring her!!! Now, see if she'll transfer to the one on Horizon and Eastern and teach those little gems how to make a perfect coffee with a smile and kind words!!!!
4	One of the few places where you can get a coffee / food on the outside of security. Make sure you mark the location!  Second Floor (baggage on zero).  The only downside...wireless access not the greatest. May have to sit closer to front for reception.
5	This woman right here who was doing everything should be on Starbucks owner salary. She straight killed the game. Took like 15 orders had them all done within 5mins with no complaints. She's definitely a go get em' girl.
2	Fast service, weak drinks. Their Starbucks card machine was down and that made me very unhappy. I gotta EARN DEM STARZ!Just know they don't have their best game face on after 11 PM.
5	I was impressed with the extremely friendly service from all of the workers, who also engaged me in conversation and pleasantries even though it was extremely busy! This kind of service needs to be modeled in their corporate and licensed stores throughout the country.
1	My coffee was good but the service at this location was horrible! Ps visit the one up stairs it's a lot better
3	After arriving at the airport, my husband asked me if I wanted coffee since we had to wake up at 3 am that day to catch the plan.  Of course I said yes since it was free.  I ended up getting the caramel brulee latte and it was good.
