5	Don't take your luxury vehicle anyplace else for brakes! I was quoted over $500 for front brakes on my Lexus and Gab's did them for $175 (using genuine Lexus pads since it's still warrantied). He does great work, has been in business a long time, and pricing is very fair.I only wished I had found him sooner!!
5	As honest as it gets! They've been so great with all of my vehicles, advising against unnecessary work and beating competitors by very large margins! Family owned and they just want the best for you. They truly look for the return customer and not just a quick buck!!! Thanks Gab's!
5	Gab is AWESOME! I've been taking my cars to him for years. As honest as the day is long. More than a few times he's fixed minor issues at no charge. Definitely the highest recommendation.
5	I was referred here by a friend who had used Gab for over 20 years. I could not have been happier with this referral. I keep telling people how hard it is to find an honest mechanic with reasonable prices. If all mechanics were like Gab then the preconceived notion of how mechanics can be would have been thrown out the window.  Gab has my unwavering trust. I will keep coming here as long as their doors are open.
5	I am an out of towner and my car broke down in the area. I had a tight timeframe for travel that I needed the car repaired so I could get home. Gab's was amazing. The identified the problem quckly and were able to complete the work the following day. The talked me through the issue, pricing, and options very clearly. The owner even met me at the shop to receive my car on a Sunday (they are closed Sundays) and took the time to show me the bad parts they had pulled off the car and explain how things work. I would highly recommend this reliable and professional shop! Thanks for the help.
5	The best auto repair shop I have ever done business with. A friend from work recommended Gab's and I am ever so grateful she did. Family owned shop with years of experience. The minute I walked through the office door I was treated very kindly. They didn't laugh at me because I don't know a damn thing about auto repair. The service, prices and especially the staff are unbeatable. Truly second to none. What has impressed me the most is Gab's does not do any unnecessary work and keeps me up to date while my SUV is being serviced. Do yourself a favor make Gab's your auto mechanic. You will not be sorry and your pocket book will love it.
5	Took our old Toyota Avalon in for head gasket replacement.  Gab was by far the cheapest and didn't oversell like PepBoys did in the area.  Would recommend and will return.
5	Always fast but most importantly they are always honest with you. Their prices are very fair and they always want to show you the old part that was bad. The entire team there is great and very knowledgable. If you need anything done to your vehicle I would highly recommend taking it to Gabs, you won't be disappointed!
5	I will always trust them with any car I drive.  They are trustworthy and honest!   I have been their customer for years, but there is one time that Gab wanted to take a little extra time to ensure he diagnosed the problem correctly and it ended up costing me a lot less money for an extra 30 minutes of time for him to validate the actual issue.
5	I was first introduced to Gab's by my Mom.  She had been coming here for various auto repairs and oil changes.  Thank goodness for her recommendation.  I live in the West Valley and am more than willing to make the drive to Gab's so I can have my car fixed by Gab.  Everyone at Gab's Auto Repair is friendly, trustworthy and professional.  Karen and Gab are two of the nicest people. I never feel like they are trying to sell me anything my car does not need. I like their honesty and integrity.  I would recommend to anyone to bring your car here. And it doesn't hurt that Gab reminds me of my step Father-in-law.  :)
5	The AC wasn't working on my Jeep so I did a search on Yelp. I found Gab's and they had great reviews. I called and told them about my AC and they said to bring it in. When I did, Gab met me at the counter and took my keys. He drove the jeep around back to look at it. I try to do most of my own work on my vehicles but I don't have the tools to fix or service the AC in my Jeep. I knew that I would be looking at about $100 in repairs depending if it was my compressor or if it just needed service. I was also prepared to have to leave my jeep for a day a or two since this is what other mechanics have to do. After about 3 minutes, Gab returned to the office with good news. He informed me that my compressor was good and he just needed to service the AC system. He told me it would be about 25 minutes and $95. I was more than happy to have my AC fixed for a reasonable price and in such a short amount of time. Living in the Arizona summers, AC is a must! After I left Gab's, my AC was ice cold. Thank you!
5	Today was my first visit to Gab's I picked them after reading some Yelp reviews. I took my 2008 XTerra to Gab's to check the charging system after the quick-oil-change place on Bell Road told me it was failing. I called ahead, the receptionist was extremely friendly and said I could come down for a quick diagnostic test to see what's what. So I drove right down there. My first impression of this shop was off the charts great. The waiting room is bright, clean and spacious. The check-in was quick and painless. There's free WiFi with the secret code. Ask the receptionist. I barely had time to settle into a chair with my coffee when the technician came back with the results. The alternator was good but the battery was failing. Then came the best news you can hear from your mechanic: There's no charge today. Wait, that's my bad ear, did you say no charge? Yep, no charge for the diagnostic test and no unnecessary repairs suggested or completed. I' moved from know to like to trust in just one visit! Gab's is now my go-to auto mechanic for future needs. Thanks Gab's! I'll be back.
