3	This is my first visit to a Saxby's.  The place reeks of chain, unfortunately.  And paint.  Obviously new construction and it really needs to be aired out.  I understand the desire of coffee houses to expand and operate more than one location but why do they decide on a theme and rubber stamp it.  To be fair, I shouldn't assume that other Saxby's locations have this look and feel, but I'd wager they do.The service here is friendly and prompt and my standard Cafe Mocha with 2 shots was pretty good.  All things considered, I'll give my business to a Saxby's over Starbucks given the choice.Saxby's gets a useful review for a useful coffee house.
3	good for a fast pick me up !
3	This is a nice place. It feels very corporate with all the same drinks as a Starbucks. Prices are better than Starbucks a little. Nothing was bad  but nothing really stood out. I tried to do some work here but had to leave because of the group of older people having loud conversation about offensive ideas and their medical issues. But that is outside the rating.
3	Went this Saxbys for the first time to study since it is near my house. I got the cinammon vienese brewed coffee in a mug. It was ok.... pastry selection wasn't abundant probably because it was really slow... The atmosphere is relaxing, plenty of couches and tables for you to study with free wifi & friendly staff! One of the baristas offered me a free refiil :) I would definitely go back to study because its a nice quiet place. However, considering how slow it was, the employees should check the restrooms because it was filthy dirty (paper towels, toilet paper, crumbs on the ground, dirty toilet seats)... booo!!!
5	Upon walking into Saxby's for a coffee, the atmosphere is very inviting. Lots of room to relax, enjoy a HOT cup of java and chill. The staff is very friendly and always wears a smile on their faces. A coffee that stays hot for over an hour....thats a great cup of joe. When in the Henderson area make sure to stop by for a coffee. What can I say they brew a different taste fresh every day. Give it a try. :)
5	Good stuff. Ghetto drive thru but that's only cosmetic. They have very creative latte specials.
4	I love the atmosphere in here. It's quiet and the music is nice. It looks like they are changing out some artwork, but it's still pretty.  Like someone said, it isn't very unique. But I gave up on finding unique coffee places when I left the northwest.I spent several hours here one morning so I will make this critique now that I know it was not just me: The service is REALLY slow. I don't know what the girls behind the counter were doing. I came when there was a line of about 5 people. I've watched people come in alone and wait 5-10 minutes for a drink. I actually saw someone get their money back.The reason I still give this place 4 stars is because if I'm coming here to work, I don't mind if it takes ahwile to get my coffee. If I were on my way to work I'd be super irritated.Something they should consider, with Starbucks walking distance away: the amount of time it takes them to make an order really matters Mon-Friday at 7:30 in the morning. I would never make this my daily coffee stop because of that.
4	Great little coffee shop. The Joe is good, full bodied and flavorful. A hard thing to find in Vegas. The prices are good, a biscotti and a cup of coffee is only $3.05. The place has a nice atmosphere, warm and inviting. The music is relaxing but up tempo. The fireplace in one of the sitting areas is a nice creature comfort. And with the available outdoor seating it's a great option year round. All in all this is a great little place to kill a couple of hours.
2	Tucked away in a shopping complex I never really go to, I was surprised that there was still a Saxby's around. I only visited because they used to have a crepe place inside, but have recently gotten rid of it. After some nervous fumbling after receiving the bad news we got drinks because we did not want to leave without purchasing something. My sister got a peppermint tea and I got an Americano. She liked hers, I was indifferent to mine. The espresso was not strong enough and it tasted like water. My sister says that the steamers are the way to go. They have a large variety of flavor combinations that sound amazing. The girl working the counter was nice, so it was not a complete bust.
4	Great place with great management! There are a few Saxby's around, but the one in Seven Hills seems to have a little more character than the rest.  The staff is so friendly and warm, not to mention the free refills they offer :)  The Lyons tea (from Ireland) is delicious on a cool winter day, (get it with milk & sugar).  On Sundays, at 3pm, they have open mic.  A few I caught were really talented.  Overall, great little place to catch up on some reading and relax.
