4	This is a good little neighborhood bar and pub that's excellent for groups and just general hanging out.  The bar is HUGE and there's always a myriad of people crowded around it.  The fish and chips are god, as are the steak dinners.  Everything is well priced and the staff is quick and attentive.  It's not the chicest place in the world, but I won't complain if I'm asked to hang out there.
3	Wow. You will NOT leave this place hungry. I made the mistake of getting chili soup and the chicken pot pie. I could barely walk out when dinner was through! The food is good, very filling and a good friend of mine swears by the ribs (she and her son come here once a week for rib night ;) ). Service was friendly. Come here on empty, because you will live with a little more than full tank.
4	I think a lot of locals come here since it was pretty crowded even though it's located about 6 miles away from the Strip.  We came here for breakfast (my friend's aunt lives nearby), which is cheaper and better than any place I can think of in S. CA.  One person ordered the ham, which was bigger than the size of my face.  I had the corned beef hash ($5.50).  Even though I think it came from the can, it was fried into two yummy patties.  Another two ordered the chicken fried steak, which was also pretty big ($6.99).  All the dishes came with toast, eggs, and cottage fries, which are basically fried circles of potato.  All in all, it was a hearty and good breakfast!
4	I was heading to Vegas with a group of 3 other people for a concert. We decided we wanted to stop and eat somewhere before heading to the stadium. I had yelped this pub and read all the reviews, we all agreed this was the place. Great decision. We got there about 5-5:30 pm, on a Friday night, and the place was pretty much empty, except of course for the bar. We seated ourselves, were greeted quickly and given our menus. Prices were fantastic, but when I ordered a Guinness, the server had no idea what I was talking about. I had the Chicken Parm Panini. It was HUGE! Next time, I know to split a meal with someone else. Another member of our party had the Chicken Caesar Panini, also huge, and delicious. Penne pasta also looked fantastic. Over all, good food, good prices, huge portions. Nice quiet restaurant, decent service.
3	(8) of us went to dinner last night at the Village Pub to have Fish & Chips.  The fish was delicious and the chips were okay.  The Fish & Chips meal comes with (3) pieces of Fish which is plenty, you may not be able to finish it all, most of us didn't.  I would go back again.
4	I like this place! I am not a fan of the smokers puffing away (ok, this IS Vegas not SF so I got over it but it still sucks lol) but the service is great and the food is = to the service. I love their club sandwhich and the drinks are stiff. If you want to go out for a casual meal or a few drinks this is the place to go!
4	Most of you probably know this already, but there are lots of differences between Villages and Villagers. For example, a few months ago I was standing in a Village outside of London...they were a very touchy lot of blokes.  Defecating on a hand drawn picture of the Queen engaging in intercourse with Justin Bieber and a two headed donkey...that looked strangely like Lady Gaga...okay...not that strange...she looks like a donkey...suddenly I am fighting off a bunch of bad teethed soccer hooligans. I knocked a few out and ran away cursing them that their children become the spitting image of Amy Winehouse.  No way to treat a former lover of Kate Middleton.  A few weeks ago I was standing in a little village near Burlington Vermont. ..the villagers...a very touchy group of former hippies who now drive gas guzzling SUV's.  A hand drawn picture of Bernie Sanders and Patrick Leahy taking turns performing fellatio to a two headed donkey...that looked strangely like Lady Gaga...okay...not that strange...she looks like a donkey. I was in trouble...I thought fast...Rex...a quick thinker if there ever was one...suddenly screamed...OH MY GOD FREE PHISH TICKETS!  The crowd ran the way I pointed.  I laughed. Dumb hippies. Hippies are dumber than cops and truck drivers...really think about that.So when it was mentioned that I should go to the Village Pub and Casino I was filled with anger. Sense memory anger. My brain filled with disturbing imagery...English haberdasher with 2 front teeth...a stinky hippie with a "Jerry Garcia is my father" t-shirt both screaming and gnashing their brown chicklet teeth.  I resisted. I rebuffed their suggestion angrily. "I am not afraid of you genetic freaks!" My friend looked strangely at me while I shook my hand in the air and kicked a hippie that was not there. (I rhymed that sentence for you One Eyed Brenda...only because you let me do things to that socket no man should do.)  Eventually the Thorazene and gas fumes brought me back to my happy place...a island of fat chicks in bra tops and short shorts carry hot women on platters above their heads and the hot women are carrying beers and food above their head. Ah...my happy place.  I relented. I released the loathing. I went to the Village Pub.  Despite the 3 hours of sobbing and thrashing around the parking lot...I enjoyed myself immensely.  The inside looks like an old school Vegas dining room. Read fake leather round booths. Nautical pictures on the walls.  Kind of the place my dear sweet Aunt Gary Cooper Martinez took me to as a child.  There are a few stand outs on the menu.  First and foremost...the burgers. Rex loves a good burger. Lots of good burgers, good toppings. The meat is tremendous and it is actually flame broiled. It tastes amazing. Pefectly cooked everytime. I would say that I do have one problem. The Southwest burger has jalapenos on it. Sometimes they are raw. Sometimes they are cooked. They are better cooked. It is 50/50. Rex doesn't like 50/50...unless you are talking about the mix between gas and ammonia he huffs. Rex is an animal. You can get a second patty for 2 bucks more. That is good stuff. The broiled chicken is excellent and has a great garlic herb topping.  Excellent.  The steaks are very good and they always have a steak special.  The Prime Rib deal on Saturday packs the house and is a hell of a deal for 10 bucks!  The fish and chips are heavily advertised as a specialty...and honestly...they are good. Not exceptional, but very good. Worth a shot. The fries are thick cut, ask for them to be crispy...if not...a little limp...like you wish Rex was. Village Pub is an EXCELLENT lunch spot.  Dinner, not so great. The dinner meals were not nearly as good. Pasta was okay, the fish was over cooked. Small things.  One major plus...the bar is separated from the dining area and they are completely separated by a glass wall. No smoke. No screams from the drunks. No need to hear a grown man cry as he realizes he lost all of his money and was forced to spend 3 nights on the street until his check from getting a bag of Fritos with a mouse head in it...it was cold that night. For you it is always cold without Rex. Get an extra blanket. Rex is gone.
5	The best steak, eggs and bloody Mary"s in town
4	Great little joint...  I had the chicken Panini and was very impressed with taste and freshness.  My friends had burgers, steak and one had a salad.  Everything looked great.  I will be back for sure, so far my favorite local joint.
2	Not sure where to go, the wife and I ended up at Village Pub. I have had good lunch experiences at other Village Pub locations, so we figured it was a safe bet for a decent dinner.We didn't have to sit long before someone came by to take our drink order, a few moments later, the server stopped by and asked if we had any questions. So far, so good.I ordered a chicken Parmesan Pannini, the wife, a chicken pasta dish.Our food came out pretty quick and looked like it would be good. Her chicken was charred so bad, it was almost pure black, and was dry & tough from being overcooked. The pasta and sauce were good though. The included bread had an odd flavor.My pannini bread also had a strange, plastic-y flavor to it, which ruined the rest of the sandwich, as it seemed like it tasted good.If you are going in for easy, fried bar food, or apparently, anything without bread, I am sure you may not be disappointed. Not sure if we will give this place another shot or not.
4	My fiance and I like this place.  He always gets the fish and chips, which really are some of the best we've had.  I haven't really had anything bad on the menu.  The prices seem about right for as much as you get, and the service is good.  We enjoy Village Pub.
5	Best ribs in town !!!  (And I've tried them all!)  I love their Thursday special!
2	My earlier review of Village Pub was much more favorable.  Now that I have been back a few times, I have downgraded my rating a bit.  The main reason for this is the service.  I went there tonight and waited for fifteen minutes for someone to come around and take my order.  I eventually gave up.  That also happened one other time when I went to Village Pub for dinner.  I like the food, but it doesn't matter if I can't even get someone to take my order!
2	Rex can NO LONGER bear this burden in silence. Rex will admit when things are not right. Rex WILL call you out on your poor performance...and Village Pub it is your time.Once upon a time there was a manager at the Villiage Pub...a tall bald bastard. Think if Yul Brenner and Kojak had a baby...the baby was unwanted...they attempted a back alley abortion...and it didn't take.  He was a good man and a better manager. He is no longer there and the place sucks! What does Rex hate more than anything else...okay...besides herpes of the anus...RIGHT... inconsistency. The damn place can't make two hamburgers at once without screwing them up. The food is not as good, period. Even if done as ordered... it isn't as good. The signature pot pie used to be the best in the city. Now, the sauce is so buttery it breaks when it cooks. The burgers are NEVER the right temperature.  Rex can't understand. Was it all baldy? Did they change cooks? When did urinating on your food and screaming "WHERE IS BALDY...WHERE IS MY BALDY" become a crime?  To add insult to injury...they have a card, a "rewards" card... it used to be 100 bucks spent to get 10 bucks back. Fair. Now it is 200 to get 10 bucks. Not so much. Rex has to eat there 12 times to get 10 bucks? Insane. The Village Pub had a moment...a moment where it was the best food in a 3 mile radius. Now Rex never goes there. Rex can't. The memories of what was saddens him...and a sad Rex is a urinating Rex.
5	I mean really.. Whats not to like about the Pub?  When I find out Ill make sure to post it.. Until then this is mine and my husbands go to spot for just about anything.. The prices used to be alot cheaper but I can live with it.. The burgers are good.. The chicken fingers good.. The chicken fried steak and the chicken parm Yum Yum.. The desserts ain't too shabby either
4	Ok, so one of my pet peeves on Yelp is when people leave 4 or 5 star reviews for fast food/chain places that are undeserving. But hear me out on Village Pub. I've been to multiple locations and never had a bad experience. I usually go late night/early morning after work. I've never sat in the restaurant, only at the bar. But the menu is the same. The prices are SUPER reasonable. You can easily eat for under 10. First of all the the whole menu is available 24 hours a day. Which is great, and a lot of things are homemade. Here are some of the things I've had.Potato Skins - Way better than Fridays, 4 Giant potato halves topped with bacon, cheese, and onions. Really good.Wings - Just OK. Nothing special.Meatball Sliders - Seriously one of the best meatballs I've ever had. They are served on a mini pretzel roll. They are so good. and only 5.99. I would never expect a Pub to have decent italian food, but its soooo good.Chicken Fried Steak - Also really good, the "steak" is actually pork. But its hand battered and fried. Topped with really good gravy. The breakfast potatoes are awesome.It's not a fancy place, I wouldn't take a date there. But its quality food at good prices.
3	I've only frequented the one in Henderson on Sunset and the one on South Rainbow, both have been great for breakfast, the steak and eggs especially.  The happy hour at the South Rainbow location, with $2 drafts and 1/2 price appetizers. fantastic.  For that, these two places get an "A".But as someone noted, their reward card is now pretty much of a joke.  They changed the earning levels so dramatically, it would take me years to get a $10 credit...so on that, and for doing so without any advance notice or taking into consideration past credits earned, they get an "F".So they have 3 stars, the average between an "A" and a "F".
1	There is a person working at Village Pub that needs to be sacked immediately.Yesterday me and two friends joined a party of three other friends at Village Pub on Sunset sometime around 8.30pm. When we arrived and sat down in the bar to order some bar snacks and beers we were incredibly rudely advised to move to a table instead of sitting in the bar since we were not gambling. I could have understood this if there were a lack of machines, but there was NO ONE in the bar. Apart from us there were one other group of people in the whole place. We sat down at the table and got some food and drinks, trying to ignore the horrible bartender. We were chatting away and having a good time and laughing. This is NOT acceptable behavior at the Village Pub.Without any kind of warning the bartender took our food and drinks and threw us out for being "too loud".I still don't really understand what happened. We are all in our mid-thirties, we were sober and properly dressed.I wil never visit this Village Pub again (the one on Eastern is good, for example!) and I will make sure to tell everyone I know of what a horrible experience I had here. You, rather tall, dark-haired bartender, working on Sunday night the 16th of September 2012 - I hope that taking out your personal problems on your customers for no reason whatsoever will cause you to lose your job. You are a horrible person and should not work with people ever again.
1	I am a consulting engineer that frequently stays at the La Quinta near this pub.  The food is decent and the drinks weak.  This review would be considerably higher if the prices advertised on their happy hour menu were accurate.  I am constantly over charged at this place to accommodate the under charging of locals.  Not to mention the female bartender is constantly complaining to the locals about her life and ignoring the rest of the bar.   While this is going on the obviously over served locals begin to throw things at her that end up hitting me.  If this place was managed correctly it would be a decent establishment.
4	I was very pleased overall with my first Village Pub experience.  In waiting for a movie to start, we hit up the pub for a drink and a light meal.  The staff was incredibly accommodating.  We asked about having a snakebite, and while they weren't familiar with the drink (and also not having any cider), they gave us a small beer sampler to try so that we could find a nice substitute.  Seriously, who does that?  Service was just all around very nice and helpful.In ordering food, I got the chicken wings.  Service was prompt, and they were really good, no, actually great chicken wings.  Probably some of the better ones that I've had in a good while.  They also have a lot of specials, which I would like to try sometime in the future.Prices were reasonable, for a smoking bar, the effect was pretty unobtrusive, and the decor was very British with its paintings and wood paneling.  The bar just had a good vibe overall, which was complimented by the tasty food and friendly service.When hitting up the movie theater in the area again, I will definitely stop in for a before or after movie cocktail after this first impression.  I like nice people, good food and beer, and reasonable prices.  Check, check, and check.Worth a visit.
4	We had fish and chips and a grilled chicken sandwich. Both were very good. They had an awesome Amber Ale on tap. Good steak fries.Probably the best food in the Jet Blue wing/area of the Las Vegas airport.
5	JUST FABULOUS!Always love the food here!  Service with a smile and delicious meals no matter what we order.  I never know why it is never crowded though with food this good.  I am always dumfounded but it's my little secret...............a place we always go to because it is so yummy and reasonably priced.  High five!
2	I'm not sure what happened between the time the 5-star ratings were written and the time I was in a couple of days ago, but there is a pretty big disconnect.Interesting that a place this small would have two people serving -- one for the initial drinks and one for the food, but anyway ... The place wasn't busy, yet the service was slow and disjointed ... our server seemed confused about, well, everything.  He didn't know the menu, didn't understand how to split out the check and it took an inordinate amount of time just to get out of the place.The food ... a New York Strip and eggs with home fries, $9 ... okay, it's supposed to be a really great cut of meat, right?  At least two full tablespoons worth of gristle and fat left behind on my plate after.  Another at the table was in the same shape, and sending things back, after the wait to get them, wasn't an option.The jumbo shrimp cocktail ... 5 large, bulbous, rubbery, tasteless prawns hooked over a cup of spicy ketchup, $12.Oh, and forget that it's a "non smoking" restaurant ... the giant lounge/bar/casino is smoking with no air cleaning and it's through there you reach the dining room.For the price, food quality, air quality, and service level, just find a chain somewhere close that trains its staff and has some quality control and give this place a pass.
5	Everything is great about this Village Pub location. From the friendly staff and generous portions to the tasty food and nightly specials. We have ordered the french onion soup (excellent), fish & chips (amazing), french dip (excellent), ham steak & eggs with country potatoes (very good), BBQ bacon burger (excellent), ribs (excellent) and I really like their steak fries and potato salad. The Monday night special of a half a baked chicken with 2 sides is perfect. The drinks are poured well and the bartenders are the nicest around. This place has the best customer service around and they strive to make you happy.
5	The signature pub Shrimp and the Fish n Chips are served made to order and worth the value. We had a salad and a cup of chili soup of the day too. The food is exactly what we expected and the service was excellent. This is the best location of the 4 others we have been to where those lack friendly service, pride, and taste. Kudos to this location.
1	After a long day I decided to meet a friend at a casual establishment and since I recently opened a business in the neighborhood I thought it would be nice to meet our neighbors.   I never give bad reviews.... but this place does NOT want your business.  After being warned about our casual conversational speaking level, we kept quiet and proceeded to sit in the corner and speak at low levels about daily events and politics.  We were asked again to keep our conversation to a minimal.Apparently you cannot speak in this bar because it disrupts patrons.   This bar is a funeral procession.   I have never been treated so rudely for spending money.  Unless you are on your way to your death bed and hate noise or any conversation--- leave this place out.! People go here to die.
4	Like the pubs and their specials. They are hidden gems in Las Vegas. Went in on Sunday morning. Wanted to watch football in the bar. Ordered breakfast. I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs. Portion was big. Price was very fair. Service good. This is a good place.
3	If you like cheap eats and tired of fast food they do a good job. The chicken pot pie is always a fav. The waitress is very attentive
1	Hadn't been here for a while and decided to get some food to go.  Fish and chips was good.  Wings tasted like they had been cooked in old oil and the French Dip was horrible - the meat was as tough as shoe leather!  Will NOT eat here again!!
2	Last time we were here was a year ago for a bottle of the Ellis Island Eggnog.  They were out, but we stayed for drinks and a meal.  Made it back a little sooner this year and the eggnog was still in stock.  The evening also served as a sharp reminder as to why this is a once a year, at most, dining experience.The bar was relatively empty and service was prompt and courteous.  Appetizer nachos were good.  It was maybe 10 minutes after we ordered before we were informed that my wife's onion soup was in fact unavailable.  Not a huge deal.When entrees arrived my Greek Penne Pasta with "vegetables" included some huge chunks of mushroom (neither vegetables nor mentioned on the menu), and the consistency was that of a pasta salad.  Twice as much chicken and under-cooked carrots as pasta.  I pointed out my dissatisfaction and the bartender informed me that that was a "penne pasta."  There literally could not have been more than fifteen pieces of penne on the dish - and one would expect pasta to be the cheapest part of the entree!  It was not a pasta dish.  And I seriously doubt my concerns made it past the defensive bartender.  My wife's salad was perfectly mediocre.  Kinda feels like a place that survives on the gaming and doesn't care about the quality of the food.Our server was nice enough to take the missing onion soup and dissatisfactory 'pasta' off the bill.  But next year it will just be a pit stop for the eggnog.
5	Last night we were going to try a new place, went in and sat for 15 min never getting a drink. So leaving was a easy choice decided to come here to the village pub. As we walked in we were greeted right away.  Chris,  the bartender got us 2 beer's.  Asked if we wanted to see the menu. He then struck up a conversation with us. Wow the concept someone walks into a bar,  you greet them, get them drinks and then actually take a min and ask "how's your day". Thanks Chris.  And we will be back.
2	Went here before hitting a movie. Just wanted a decent priced burger and this seemed like an OK spot.First off the layout is very odd. You walk in and there's a huge square bar with video poker that takes up most of the space. Off to one side are a few cafe tables then a seperate room with more tables. The seperate room was full so we sat out at the tables by the bar which was kind of smokey and cold by the door.Server was nice. I ordered a medium burger. It came out pretty rare and meat had little flavor. Between atmosphere and average food I won't return.
