3	They have decent furniture...nothing spectacular. I was there last week, and for some strange reason the prices listed on their websites are not the ones tagged to their products...they always leave the old price, even if it is higher than what is listed online. The delivery service is rather crappy, they say they will call you to confirm the date and time but they dont...one has to call and find out. I dont think Ill be going back again.
1	"Sell and never deliver" seems to be the motto of The Brick. I purchased a refrigerator and here it is THIRTY DAYS after purchase and it still isn't here. I have blown three separate days sitting around waiting for a delivery with promises from phone reps - after the 3 hour delivery window had come and gone - that "they'll be there today, they're just running late!" Only to find out the next day that that driver said he came by and no one was home. And of course, they didn't think to call. The best part is that when they reschedule, it's 10 days after that.What a cruel joke of a business this is. Avoid. I am charging back my credit card and going with someone else.
1	"Sell and never deliver" seems to be the motto of The Brick. I purchased a refrigerator and here it is THIRTY DAYS after purchase and it still isn't here. I have blown three separate days sitting around waiting for a delivery with promises from phone reps - after the 3 hour delivery window had come and gone - that "they'll be there today, they're just running late!" Only to find out the next day that that driver said he came by and no one was home. And of course, they didn't think to call. The best part is that when they reschedule, it's 10 days after that.What a cruel joke of a business this is. Avoid. I am charging back my credit card and going with someone else.Ended up going to Home Depot: A better selection of fridges at a better price, delivery was included and they did it the next day! Who knew they sold appliances?
1	They delivered the wrong couch,  called twice and went in person twice and the issue is still not resolved. Very disappointed! When I went in person I saw people standing around and not answering calls. Ridiculous!
1	Never go back to this shit place!!the seller is a big cheat,he told me the bed with free installation ,but they charge me 210$for the installation!!!!!!becarefull everyone!!
