4	My hubby and I were on the hunt for something light and fresh and this place fulfilled that craving for us.It is a simple and cool space decorated with small colorful frames with veggies on them. They have a nice and easy to read menu divided in panels, for what I remembered seeing they have salads, wraps, burritos, noodles bowls and green smoothies. Each panel describes all the ingredients that come in every item and at the bottom you get to choose your meat, they have steak, chicken, tofu or vegetarian. For me, that's a good break from the rest of the places where you get dizzy just by looking at their long and confusing menus.Getting to the best part, I got a chicken wrap called the superbiotic, it comes with bell peppers, spinach, chick peas, artichoke hearts, sundried tomatoes (which I would have preferred rehydrated, they felt like a bumpy road in my mouth) and a cucumber dill dressing, everything tasted nice and fresh (as the name states, freshii). My hubby got a steak burrito and he said it was ok, he though it needed some kind of dressing since it just came with a little bit of avocado and beans. They also got natural juices and coconut water (I got one) and I liked it a lot, the brand was Buddha, it was from Thailand. I will be back for more :)
4	Love to see a place with healthy food options. I had a hard time deciding between the salads, wraps, bowls, and soups.  I ordered the fiesta salad, and it was really good AND I felt good about eating it! Freshii is unique in that it offers quinoa & kale based meals! It's nice to see a place that caters to healthy eaters but is still reasonably priced. I'm really excited to try out the make-your-own salad/wrap/bowls.
5	Great fresh food. Friendly staff. Try the Ninja with peanut sauce. Refreshing and filling.
5	I was excited to see that Freshii's first Wisconsin location would be on the west side of Madison. They serve great, high-quality, nutritious food which caters to all diets. They have a clearly labelled menu which lists vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free menu items. The concept is similar to Chipotle in that you can build any combination of wrap/salad/burrito/bowl using a menu of ingredients. Pick a protein, a grain, toppings and sauce. There are tons of great options and everything I've tried has been really delicious. Prices are reasonable and there is enough variety to keep me coming back many more times. Try this place out! You won't regret it.
