5	I went to Fusion Sushi & China Bistro for the first time with a friend of mine who has visited this place many times.We ordered Take out, not knowing that they will deliver when slow....I believe their delivery times start at 5PM and go til 9PM. Don't quote me on that though.They have a wide variety of Chinese food and Sushi....The man I spoke to when picking up the order said they have been opening Chinese food restaurants since 1984, and this is the first time they have ever combined the types of food. He also said they have been open for about 3 months.Anyways, we ordered the Spicy Tuna rollSpider rollLas Vegas rolland theSummer rollAll were quite amazing! The Spicy Tuna roll was great! All the flavors were fresh, and they were perfect bite sizes! Spicy too of course.The Spider roll is soft shell crab with the normal ingredients, and this was also amazing......soft shell crab is my favorite....and they did a great job!The Las Vegas roll was truly a treat.....basically it is a California Roll with cream cheese deep fried w/ eel sauce......mmmmm I believe I may have found a new favorite!!And last but not least, the Summer roll....This thing tastes like summer in your mouth! The mango on the outside is so sweet!This is the perfect place for a wonderful afternoon lunch!A must try!Enjoy!
4	I noticed this place a few weeks ago, and we decided to give it a try on Saturday night after a movie.  The space is very clean and the service was SUPER FAST!  We order crab rangoons (awesome), some sushi and the Pad Thai to share.  The sushi was very fresh, and of good quality, and the menu was quite extensive with classic rolls and specialty rolls as well.  I was with my sister and she doesn't like spicy food, so we ordered the Pad Thai mild.  It was prepared well, but I wouldn't exactly call it a traditional Pad Thai.  My sister really liked it, and compared it to a mix between a Pad Thai and a Lo Mein, she said the leftovers were even better.Overall, we liked the quaintness of the restaurant and thought the food was fresh and tasty.  The prices are very reasonable, the Pad Thai came with both chicken and shrimp and was a huge portion for only $8!  Our total bill was only $29 for the crab rangoons, 2 sushi rolls and the Pad Thai!
5	My family and I love this little joint. The orange chicken is OUT OF THIS WORLD as well as the Garlic Sauce with Chicken. Tonight we tried the orange shrimp and we once again were delighted. The shrimp were big and plentiful.Whenever we want to eat out, we always go here or pick up. I recommend going to the restaurant to order food because they will cook it fast and fresh!Great sushi as well.
4	We had a quick bite to eat here today and have to say the Chinese is superb! Lots of flavor, fresh vegetables and great rice! The sushi is also good but have to say the Chinese food is the winner. Very friendly and helpful staff too.
4	Big fan. Location is great, sushi is excellent. This is one of Eddie Chan's restaurants. You can find the menu at http://www.echandining.com/Restaurant itself isn't very exciting, it's just a small box in a strip mall. Service was good, the staff was nice and accommodating. They deliver from 5 to 9pm most nights.Love it for take-out though. They havve a $17, 10 piece nigiri plus cali roll deal. They pick, but it comes with 2 each of salmon, tuna, red snapper, shrimp, and yellowtail usually, and you can sub out the cali roll for something else and pay the difference.
3	3.5 stars, for sureStopped in here with my son for a quick lunch yesterday.  Location is convenient and close (ish).  The restaurant was clean and service was quick and friendly.Kiddo and I shared edamame, seaweed salad, nigiri, one specialty  roll, and a side of steamed rice.  The edamame and seaweed salad were fine--can't do much wrong with those.  We shared ikura nigiri (gunkan) and I had an order of hamachi nigiri.  The ikura wasn't the freshest, but still fine.  The hamachi was good quality.  The cut wasn't the best, but it still tasted good.  The only problem I had was the sushi rice.  Not the rice itself but that it wasn't packed enough and it fell apart when I picked it up.  No biggie.  The roll we had was the summer roll--crab and avo inside, mango outside, sweet chile sauce.  It was just ok.The price was reasonable--$37 for lunch for 1.5 and we were totally stuffed.  I will probably make another trip to Fusion to try some Chinese.  I would also try the sushi again, but not a specialty roll.
4	Right off the bat the location is convenient.  It's in a shopping mall next door to a Starbucks you can go relax in after your meal.  The restaurant itself is simple enough, no designs or artwork or anything worth mentioning.  Just a simple rectangular room with tables along the wall.  In the end, it was clean and tidy. (3/5)The service is not bad but it's slightly bellow average.  When my party of four was receiving its food,  they brought out two dishes.  Five minutes later they brought out the third one.  And 5-10 minutes after they brought the last dish.  I noticed this same occurrence at a table close to ours.  However, I noticed there staff totaled of 4 people.  One full time chef, one cashier and two waiters.  The waiters would do a mixture of cleaning and aiding the chef whilst taking everyone order.  Also this place is relatively new so I see progress to be made. (2/5)Now lastly the food.  It was very good.  The price is slightly questionable but it's negligible and other than that no complaints.    I ordered the sushi deluxe if I remember correctly.  It was 20 sushi for $17 and they were not stingy with the fish (Salmon, Tuna, Yellow Tail, Shrimp, Red Snapper), approximately a cm thick on each.  Each sushi tasted fresh.   Everyone else had ordered a Chinese dish which I sample from each.  Theirs were very tasty as well.  (5/5)(3.5/5) but I'd round it up to (4/5) because I take food mostly into account.
3	Eh.  Ate here for lunch, sushi quality mediocre and quite expensive.  No lunch specials?  Paid about $12 or so for 1 roll and drink.  Definitely question the freshness of the sushi, it just tasted sorta icky.
3	First time at this location.  Prices are decent and the lunch specials run from $6-$7.  They do give you plenty of food and the main entries are very decent.  Now of course the spring rolls were the usual that you will get anywhere, and they are usually steamed which makes them a bit soggy.  But overall it is  decent place for a quick above average meal.  I have the  chicken.I was one of about 3 inside on a Sunday at 1:30pm so service was good.Will try it again and try something different.
5	This place might not look like much from the outside but the food on the inside is to die for!! Everything is freshly made and absolutely delicious! The owner is so friendly and very helpful and is always there which show me that he is dedicated to his work to make it the very best for his customers. That says alot! This place is VERY reasonably priced and the portions are great! Great lunch specials as well. Happy hour is severed there from 3pm-6pm
5	Love this place!  Most reasonably priced sushi in Scottsdale!  Come at least once a week.  They have a GREAT happy hour from 3-6pm every day.
3	I'm glad this is a convenient location for me to get Chinese, but it's not so good.The sushi selection is alright, but the rolls are poorly made compared to other restaurants. The price is average too, but not worth it for bad quality sushi.The Chinese food here is hit or miss. I've come here mutliple times, and ordering the same food has given me different meals. Egg drop soup is a favorite, but I've had a couple times where the soup is lukewarm and with a consistency similar to mucous, and other times when it's piping hot and light. The fried rice also has varying salt levels.Despite the name, the Chinese food is the better half of the restaurant, but it is a bit expensive. Still, I can survive a meal or two.
5	Not much from the ougside, but the food is great! Several. Varieties of Asian food, all done well!
2	We usually order from Red House, but on a whim we decided to try Fusion b/c I loved their variety of tofu. I got vegetarian spring rolls, crab puffs, and orange sauce w/ tofu entree. The spring rolls and crab puffs were actually pretty good. The tofu, however... The orange sauce was different, but not bad. ... And I'm not an experienced vegetarian cook, but I do know to use firm or extra firm tofu in dishes such as these... Not silken... After marinating and cooking, it was just mush in my mouth. I couldn't even finish it because of the soggy texture.
4	This is 4 star in small family restaurants category.Convenient location, nice and clean restaurant, fresh food and OK ambience.I found a nice deal on restaurants. com for this place and we checked it. Turns out it is a small neighborhood place -like a home run set up which is quite popular. We ordered a variety of things from Soups, spring rolls, Sushi, shrimp n Fish in Kung Pao and a few other things. Ingredients were so fresh- you can make out its' not stale food like PF Changs serves at times.! Not the best Sushi ofcourse, but tasty chinese food overall. If you are looking to have sushi in a fancy ambiance- this isn't the place but if you would like a good variety of food, tasty n fresh in a relxed cozy place- definitely check this out!
5	I tried the Singapore noodles today and they were excellent!  Next time I will not ask for double curry as it was too much....not their fault....most places I order Singapore noodles do not put enough curry....that is not the case here!  Service was fast and friendly.  Noodles and a water $9.75 plus tip.
4	Walnut shrimp was fantastic! Beef chow fun (flat noodles) was also very good. A kid friendly place with nice staff. Kids loved the egg tamago too.
1	DOUBLE-X BLACKLIST. See you in 2012.take a hint from $6.95 lunch special price. you could do better at your grocer's freezer-door aisle. seriously.--salad: faded with gloopy-glop peanut oil corn-syrupy vinaigrette. No, I can still tell that salad is a week old, no matter how much dressing you add!!--displayed sushi fish wrapped 10 times over in plastic in the middle of lunch rush. WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?!--fried rice by-the-minute (as in Minute Rice) doused with soy sauce and served by the ice-cream scoop. BLECH.--shake-'n-bake shrimp tempura deep fried, but I can still tell it's not fresh.--edamame well seasoned and microwaved warm, but not fresh.--orange chicken a gloopy-glop of corn-syrupy orange-colored mucousService? No clue.--take my order 45 seconds after you drop the menu? COME BACK!--90 seconds later? OK, I guess I had better move!  FAIL.--Check on your guest after a few bites to see if everything is ok. FAIL.--If you clear and I have taken only one bite, you must ask. EPIC FAIL.I did this place a few years ago, but avoided the review, thinking i could go back and try again. Today I wish I had stamped it with double-x back then. I could have saved myself (and perhaps some of you) the trouble and indigestion. How have they stayed open so long?!
3	I discovered this place trying to find a place that delivered sushi-they do!  I have had delivery sushi from them a few times and they are pretty quick.  The delivery food was good too and fresh.  Usually it is the owner that delivers.  One Friday evening I called and delivery was not an option-a little bit of a bummer.  I also found this place on restaurant.com.  They have great deals.  You can buy a $25 coupon for $2 on restaurant.com for here when you sign up on their website and they will send you weekly discount code of 80 percent-the website has other restaurants too!  They accepted the coupon here without having to print it which is great, but I'd call and double check before not printing just to be sure.  I did have to do a "dine-in" with the coupon, but it's only exclusive on happy hour-they do include alcohol. Downfall- I had to send two items back when I ordered in.  The edamame was overcooked, and the sashimi was mushy.  Also they served their yellow tail sashimi with the skin on-not my favorite.  What I did really like here was the avocado boat and the roll wrapped in cucumber with several kinds of sashimi inside.  It will be worth it to check this place out and give it a try at least.  Judge for yourself : )
3	I have been a regular at Fusion Sushi & China Bistro for many years. I used to also frequent Eddies China Bistro before it closed a year and a half ago. I like Fusion much more than I like Flo's down the street. (Incidentally... Eddie Chan and Flo are ex-spouses). Eddie Chan is an old friend, but I will keep my review unbiased.  The food is good. Although not always consistent. I love the chow fun beef noodles... that's the wide noodles... one of may favs! But recently not as good as it has been. Also.. I am a big fan of their house fried rice dish. But the last order I had it seemed that the dish was lacking flavor, and barely "fried" (it was almost white rice). This is a place I will give one more shot to get it back up to snuff. Then I will move on to a new haunt. They have good happy hour drink and dinner specials... so take advantage of that.GOOD TIP: Fusion still offers delivery! :)  Take adavantage if you are too lazy to  leave the house.
5	Best sushi, great price, clean, friendly service, good parking, great for lunch dinner or happy hour
4	Very good sushi at pretty decent prices! We had their Ebi nigiri, Vegas roll, California roll, Alaskan roll, shrimp tempura, etc. Everything was good! Our waitress was also very patient, friendly, and attentive. All four of us enjoyed our meal. We would definitely return!
4	The sushi is fresh and good.  The other menu items are tasty as well.  We love the servers and Eddie!  Great value.  You should try it.
4	We tried this when it first opened ~3 years ago and weren't impressed back then, but really enjoyed it this time. Martin was the sushi chef and was great. We had two rolls: "Hot Night" and another that is not on the menu w/ shrimp, tuna, cucumber, mango, sirachi, etc.--both were fantastic. The sashimi was very fresh, too (we had yellowtail and albacore). For dinner, we had the House Go Ba and Orange Chicken and were very happy with both. The Won Ton soup was excellent, too. If you're looking for a good "neighborhood sushi place" near FLW and 101, we think this is a great choice and encourage you to give them a shot. Hae Su ("Kate") and Christy were both very friendly and helpful, too. We will absolutely be back.
2	My wife and I visited this place Friday night, arriving at 8:30.THE GOOD:The 2 Spicy Tuna Rolls & 1 Spicy Salmon Roll were delicious. They had a hint of sesame oil that went very well with the spices. Portion size was adequate but not particularly generous as you may find in Sakana.The 2 Salmon Sashimi & 1 Tuna Sashimi were also delicious; the fish was very fresh and the wasabi used here is better than at most places. Portion size was smallish for the Sashimi but the quality was good.Sake bombers (Hot Sake & 22 fl. oz bottle of Kirin or Kirin Light) are great at $5.They offer takeout and the service is friendly. There is also a $25 Restaurant.com dining certificate you can purchase for $3 to $10 (depending on the promotion Restaurant.com may be running). With our bill of $54 excluding tax & tip, it worked out to $46 or so including tax and tip after the certificate.THE BAD:Ambiance is lacking. The kitchen is open to the dining room and there is the constant hum of kitchen extractor fans and a pungent smell of deep fryer due for an oil change. The fryer smell was very annoying, and I smelled like it after I got home. When I go to Quizno's I expect to smell like burnt cheese, and when I visit the cafeteria griddle I expect to smell like a tater tot.... I don't expect it here.The floors were dirty, as might happen when mopping without changing water. The table was sticky, as might happen if using the same rag to 'go over' a table and call it clean. We told our waitress that the table was sticky right after we had sat down with our menus; she was super nice and moved us to another table that was less sticky but still had that film. We thanked her.CONCLUSION:I might give this place a try further down the road, with a $25 certificate and if I'm allowed to sit outside and brave the elements. Had I paid full price for this meal, I would be upset. You can go to Sakana and get a better deal in terms of quality, quantity and ambiance. But maybe the Chinese fusion side is something really special in this restaurant and I just didn't try it.. Okay, I might try a Chinese dish next time... to go.
5	Love the sushi. It's fresh and tasty. Also love the beef chow fun and tofu fried rice. Great staff.
5	CLOSED! :o(  This was a great sushi place!  Big, fresh and reasonable price. I was sad to see it closed.
5	I was so sad the day my mom texted me and told me Fusion closed :( I live in Tucson and every time I came up to Scottsdale, Fusion was a mandatory stop.  They had THE BEST beef tataki!!
5	Love the sushi and the lunch combos!  I heard they have a new place in Mesa. Will try to find the address.
