1	If only there were a negative starage rating...  If you want your car fixed, DO NOT go here!  It was the worst service possible (customer service and car service).  Day 1 - I go to Vegas with one of my girlfriends for 2 days. As soon as we get there, the car starts overheating.  Turns out the radiator needs to be changed cause it's spewing out coolant everywhere.  We get the car towed to Lee's and I explain how it was having overheating issues before and the radiator cracking open is prob an effect of some other underlying issue.  He says he'll call me when he finds out an estimate. He doesn't call so I call him. He still doesn't have the info and says he'll call in an hour.  Doesn't call again, so I call him and leave a message.  He doesn't call back till the next day.  (On the phone, when I initially called he tells me it can be fixed same day.)Day 2 - I talk to Lee at 7:30am and he says he can have the car ready at noon.  I asked if it was possible to have it any earlier.  His response? "HAHHAHAHAHHA"  - nuff said.  Go to pick up car at noon and asked them if they checked everything including the hoses. Tells me " yes and it's good to go." We stay in the car idling for 5 minutes and it overheats again.  Come out and there's coolant spewing out, this time from the bottom.  Surprise, the bottom hose is busted now!  They eventually fixed it and then again sent us off (knowing we have to drive back to CA) and we sit in the car for a couple minutes... again, it overheats.. So this happens at their fault for another 2 times and we ended up waiting in their non-air-conditioned office in 115 degree weather for over 4 hours for a car that still overheated.  We wasted our whole day there and had to head back early before sun down just in case the car got stuck in the middle of the desert. This guy was a jack a$$ that never apologized and was super rude the whole time.  I once asked when the car would be done after waiting for hours at this point, and he said "Don't rush me!"  I said, "We HAVE been patient, you jerk off!"  (I said the last part in my mind.) 3 words to sum up: "NEVER GO HERE!"
1	I have a van that I bought as a work vehicle.  It wouldn't run correctly but with 84000 miles I figured I was still getting a good deal.  Took it to Lee's and told them to look at it.  They called back days later and said it was a fuel pump and that it would be around $400 to get it going again.  I said ok as I didn't want to deal with it myself.  Then they called the next day and said the fuel tank needed to be replaced as it was "rusted out"  I though that was wierd since there was NO rust anywhere else on the vehicle but whatever.  They said they could get a used one for 150$.  I said ok.  The replacement tank looked as if it fell off the truck on the way to their shop.  Literally that is what it looked like.  They then called and said that I needed to get new plugs installed or it still wasn't going to run right,  which was going to run 400 dollars!  For plugs!  I said no I will just take it the way it is.  They said sorry but we already started on it!  WTF!  So now with new pump,  fuel filter,  gas tank and new plugs guess what?  Still doesn't run right.  They say it is going to be another 1100 dollars to change out all of the injectors!  So I go pick it up  buy the injectors myself fro 450 dollars and put them in.  and it still runs the same as when I brought it in there.  Did I mention that I asked for a new belt to be installed while they were into the motor,  which was another $200 and they billed me for it but didn't put it on?  They did refund that money.  So a recap I bought a van for $600  Lees put another $1050 into it and I put another $450 plus my time,  for a job that they were going to charge $1100 for and the van runs exactly the same.  DO NOT GO THERE!!!  I wouldn't let them change a flat tire for me if I was stuck in front of their shop.
4	I am very happy, they treated me with a lot of integrity. It wasn't the fastest repair I have ever had but I am satisfied and would return.
5	Lee is hands on and is the owner I like that it is owner operated.. Prices resonable turn around time is quick.
5	Totally love Lee! He takes care of business and doesn't rip you off. To put on tires is the same cost as Sams Club, regular Oil Changes are about $24 after tax, which is cheaper than WalMart so his pricing is competative and his staff is more than competant. We've been going to him for several years and have watched his business grow. Not only new cars but old ones as well. If you're trying to keep a beater alive or just maintain your car Lee is a great mechanic to have on your side, he does it all! I think Corinna C. must have him confused with someone else.
1	So, if you'll notice, a lot of the reviews on this page are 5 stars. Except for a one star review at the very bottom and, of course, this review. Keep this in mind.Let me start by explaining how my car ended up at this auto shop. I was on my way to vegas for EDC, and about 20 miles outside of our destination, my car broke down. I managed to get it towed to Lee's (which was a struggle with AAA but, what are you gonna do.) When I go back the next day to see what's wrong with my car, they tell me to wait while someone goes to check it out. After an hour and a half of waiting, I'm told that the timing chain is broken. Lee's wanted a $1500 deposit up front for parts they were going to order. I looked up how much a timing chain cost online, and it was nowhere near this figure ($300ish if I'm not mistaken). When I asked for the breakdown of everything they wanted to order, the guy helping me begrudgingly listed the parts off rapid-fire. I had to ask him to slow down and repeat himself, to make sure I knew exactly what they wanted $1500 for. Here's what they wanted to order:-Timing chain kit-Intake manifold gaskets-Valve cover gaskets-Oil pan gaskets-Timing cover gaskets-Water pump-Silicone kit-Coolant-Oil changeThis seems to me to be a BIT more than just a timing chain. They also said that to repair the car, I was looking at a $2500 starting point, but that the ultimate price would likely be around $3000 for other 'miscellaneous' things they needed to do. They told me they'd call me back on Monday after they've made a thorough examination of the car since I was sure as hell not going to part with $1500 at some unknown auto place in Vegas. They agreed.Monday rolls around, no call. Tuesday, same deal. I don't think it was Thursday until they called me back to tell me that, actually, the radiator had overheated and damaged the engine, and that my car was totaled. So, let me reiterate: they wanted me to drop $1500 on special-order parts (timing chain and all that other unnecessary shit) BEFORE they had actually even TAKEN A LOOK AT MY CAR TO SEE WHAT THE PROBLEM WAS?What a joke. I'm having the car towed to a family member's colleague's mechanic so he can take a look at it and actually tell me what the problem really is, and if there are any other solutions (like, getting a rebuilt engine instead of a new one).To get my car out of the shop, I needed to pay the fee for them to look at the car, which came out to $170 (2 hours labor at $85.. steep, but whatever). Then, when I called them back, the price had shot up to over $500. Turns out, the storage fees they said they'd waive were instead included in the price. They wouldn't honor the fees being waived, but I managed to talk them down to a final price of $245. So basically: this auto shop is SCAM CENTRAL. All the owners of cars breaking down on the i-15 being towed here are inevitably going to be SCAMMED, just like I was.Don't let this happen to you. Oh, and those 5 star reviews? You bet your ass they're fake.
5	Thank you Lee's!  Towed to Lee's on the way home to California.  Cheap fix & not ripped off!  Thank You Lee's!
5	I went to Lee's because I had gone to another car repair place for a simple oil change. I was shocked when I was told I needed $1500 worth of work. When I told them I couldn't afford it they told me my car would blow up if I left there. I was very suspicious so I left and got on AAA and found Lee's. He could have easily told me I did need all of that done and made some easy money but instead he was honest and told me I didn't need any of it. I have been going to him since then and have always had a great experience. I drive a 2003 Aztek and Lee has keep it running great, and I haven't gone broke!!Also, one time I was in there for routine maintenance and an older man came in complaining that his AC was not working. They took the car back to check it out, but came back in just a few short minutes. It turns out all of the air vents in the car were closed. That was it! Now I think we can all think of a few mechanics who would have not been as honest and would have taken that man for a ride.
5	Just got a smog here in like 4 minutes for $13 - LOVE this place!!
5	I took my car there last week. I was going to purchase the car, but stopped there first for an Oil change. While they had the Car up on the Rack, They noticed that there was Un Reported Suspension damage, and pointed out some  very poorly fixed Doors from a previous Accident. Thanks to them pointing it out, I returned the Car to the Owner.Saved me $6000.00. Thanks Lee and Jay I will only bring my Cars to you from now on.Very Honest and Reasonably priced.
5	So I'm fake? I notice a lot of negative reviews come from disgruntled tourists so I don't think those are accurate.Lee's auto only employ competent professionals who have been nothing but honest and upfront with me. If anyone wants their car done right and less expensively than other places go there.
5	This is a great place to have full service done to your vehicle. I have an '06 mini van with high miles. They have taken such good care of my vehicle. From oil changes to fixing my front axle. Great service & nice people.
5	I really like this place, they are very fast and very willing to work with you to get your needs taken care of. I recently went into get some work done and get an insepction, they helped me map out all the problems fixed the immedate issues. I am will be going back much more to upgrade and improve my whip.Like they always say "Take care of your care and it will take care of you." Lee's Auto Care Will take care of you.
3	I can only comment on the smog check...I regret I didn't go to one of those smog express stations instead. This took almost 40 minutes!!! And for the same price as ones that take 5 minutes (18).
5	Great professional service. We needed a quick oil change while in the area and decided on Lee's.  Dropped the car off and had breakfast a few doors down and came back to a completed oil change. We were told that one of the serpentine belts was slightly cracked and it would only be 100 bucks to have them changed now. But Cindy suggested that we could skip it for now and just travel with the serpentine belts in case of failure as we were in the middle of a road trip and it was a very easy fix. Great customer service,  A+!!!!
5	Honest reliable and expeditiousNeed any more adjectives ?  I have 7 fleet cars and they recently started to help me keep them maintained. I'm glad I found a car place I can trust. It's not ez
5	How can you not like to check your car when the first person at the desk receives you with a huge smile and a very welcoming greeting? that's that happens at Lee' s Auto Service. Cindy at the desk really brighten my morning with her personality and made forget that it was that day of the year that we all hate. Service was really polite, efficient and fast. If you check in at Yelp you get a $5 off from your $17.99 smog check. AM I FOR REAL???? YES, I AM. Not only service was good but while i was waiting in the room Cindy even offered me the control remote in case I wanted to watch tv of my choice while waiting... where else does that happen? I am really happy with this experience and will be recommending Lee's Auto services to my family, friends and yelp consultants.
5	Many thanks to Lee's Auto Care for servicing my car with honesty and integrity. I went in for an oil change and Lee pointed out an issue I need to take care of with the dealer since I was still under warranty. Cindy is so nice and knowledgeable.  We had many laughs while I waited. Unless there are warranty issues that the dealer needs to handle I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Lee!!
5	Nothing is worse than breaking down on the I-215 and fearing not only for your life with cars racing by but that your engine is toast. Well, that fear came true yesterday as my daughter's 2002 Saturn broke down yesterday ironically on her way to get an oil change. While waiting for the tow truck, I checked Yelp for auto repair shops close to our location. We were within 1.5 miles of Lee's so I called. The gentleman I spoke with (who turned out to be Lee, the owner) invited me in and let me know that he'd get the car looked at within 30 mins so we have the tow truck take us there.When we arrived, we were greeted immediately by Cindy. She went out and told the tow truck where to leave the car and Lee immediately inspected the car. Lee came back a short while later to let us know that an engine rod failed and actually put a hole in the engine...He brought out busted parts and photos of the hole so I'd have no questions about whether I believed him or not.My daughter was devastated and Cindy nicely tried to cheer her up and let her know that it wasn't her fault. After discussing engine repair/replacement options, we decided the car wasn't worth it and they assisted us in the disposal of the vehicle.Their customer service was exactly what we needed on a very difficult day. While I didn't know who they were before this happened, I'd go back to them again if the need arises without question.
5	I could not write enough words to express my satisfaction. Service with Integrity and extremely humble roots. A+++
5	First smog test for $12.99. Super friendly staffs and great location. I'm definitely coming back :)
5	So I got the wonderful email from the DMV notifying me I have 1 month to register my car. So on my lunch at work I called Lee's to see what time they closed and then drove over right after work. There was no one waiting and the entire process took about 15 minutes, check in, smog & payment. I also registered my car while I was still at Lee's on my phone.The lady at check in was hilarious & friendly too! Will be back!
