4	What a find for a good old American Breakfast!  Right at Bell and 99th Ave.We went for breakfast, but their lunch/dinner menu looks pretty good too - the place ought to be featured in Diners, Driveins and Dives - tho this is certainly not a dive.I had country fried steak (made with certified Angus Beef) with sausage gravy, two eggs, fresh fruit (or hash browns) and toast for $7.99.  Jo-Ann was more conservative - two eggs. toast and hashed browns for $3.99 ($1 more on the weekend, I think).  The food was excellent.  Nothing fancy, just good food with decent serving size at a great price.Some lunch/dinner choices - 1/3 lb Angus Beef cheeseburger for $5.49, Chicken Cordon Bleu with sides for $8.99, Fish & Chips for $7.49.  I'm ready to go back!And don't let the "Sun City" stop you - this morning the ages were all over the place from teens to seniors.
5	I'm from LA and come here every time I'm in Sun City to visit my mom.  This place is a 5 star in my book; the food is straightforward and incredibly good: always fresh, never a formula and that basic homemade good stuff.  And it does have a range of cusomers.  You won't be the youngest or oldest here.
4	The Mr. and I stopped by for breakfast after craving some good ol' diner pancakes and eggs. We each had the Bobbie's Breakfast Special - $3.99 for 2 eggs, golden home fries and 2 slices of bacon. The food was pretty good, but the service wasn't the best. The waitress was attentive - if not overly attentive! Everytime she kept coming back to check on us she would stop and stare at us watching us eat for I swear what felt like a whole minute - not saying anything, just staring! My husband ordered a side of pancakes to go with his breakfast special and she made a comment about how much food we ordered. Who wants to go out to eat and be judged by how much food you order? Please just do your job, take our order, bring our meal and refill our coffee. No need to judge or stare! But where else can you get a full breakfast for under $5 though? Will definitely be back if we're on this side of town...as long as we don't get the judgemental waitress with the staring problem!
4	We've been to Bobbie's 2 times in this past week. The 1st visit was on  Sunday morning after church. The place was packed and we waited only about 10 minutes. We all ordered breakfast and it was great!! I had the Greek omelet and it was really tasty. Service was fast and friendly.We came back for lunch later in the week and again it was terrific. Some ordered breakfast, others sandwiches and everyone was very satisfied. Again, the service was fast and friendly. We definitely will be back again!!
3	CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP. You have to rate a place within its price bracket. For the price, the food was average good. And this was the cheapest full breakfast we have every had in the United States, and that says a lot. We had been to a another breakfast spot and found a 30 minute wait and called around to find another with less of a wait. We were on a tighter schedule than expected to get to the ball game in Surprise. We always forget how long it really takes to get out there. North Scottsdale to Surprise Stadium = 50 minutes to an hour with no traffic. Then add traffic. Yikes. Anyway, when we called this place, which would conveniently be on the way to the ballpark, they said no wait. All right, done. So we ventured on over and found parking easy. We went in and waited about 4 minutes until a booth opened up for us. First impression was not fabulous. The hostess (likely owner) was pretty dry and all the wait staff got into a big discussion at the front about what tables were going to be covered by whom. Ok, do that somewhere else. Once seated, we ordered coffee (well needed at this point) and tooka look at the menu. We were astonished at the prices on the menu. This was more like the 70's menu. The items would all likely be about the same and the prices were that cheap. A Belgian waffle (which they did not serve the day we were there) was $3.99, pancakes and eggs $5.49, huge omelette with raisin bread $6.99 served with potatoes, bottomless coffee in a thermos on your table $1.50. Needless to say, our breakfast bill was like $15 (including tax) and we both had coffee and struggled to finish our breakfasts. We can rarely get out the door without paying about $25 -$30 with tax and tip. The food, was in very big quantities. That is a plus to the senior citizens, but is a little less important to me. I feel quality outshines quantity any day. The food was all just ok. Nothing special. Nothing to write home about. Everything was cooked appropriately and all, but I just was not wowed. The pancakes tasted much like bisquick and I am spoiled that I make my own from scratch and tend to expect that of restaurants. SG liked his ham and cheese omelette. The meat and cheese were generous and the omelette huge, as previously mentioned. I was not impressed... but I am not a ham and cheese fan personally. So, if you are in the area, are happy with a good (not great) breakfast in big quantity and cheap, I highly recommend this place. If you are a foodie, especially a breakfast foodie, check out another spot. If we had had more time, we would have. Now, this really seems to be the only breakfast place out near Surprise Stadium, so that is something to consider too. We may be back if we are tight on time and headed out that direction.
4	I had a delicious french toast that had a tasty crunchy topping (maybe rice krispies) topped with bananas. The staff was very friendly and it is a great place to stop on the way to Surprise Stadium. The only downside was the very weak coffee.
5	They moved and are now at 99th & Greenway (I think it's Greenway--it's the same center where Dollar General is and they are next to Dollar General).  They are in what used to be a dinner/night club place.  I love their food; yes, it's average good, but you know what it is and they had Creamed Chipped Beef on Toast yesterday.  For me, that's a wow.  And they are always glad to substitute fruit for fries.  I always go there when I'm in Sun City.  People there work very, very hard.  A+= for me.
1	Have read about this place several times in the paper as one of the better places in the NW Valley to have breakfast, so I finally made the relatively short trek to try it out.  What a disappointment.  Nothing unusual about the menu.  Eggs unremarkable, somewhat cold as judged by all three of us.  Pancakes overly cooked, tasteless, and not at all "fluffy," again a unanimous opinion.  And the potatoes were undercooked slabs of substance that looked microwaved.  Service was rushed, but pleasant.  Coffee good.  But certainly not worth the trip.  Won't return.  Don't understand the repeated good ratings.
3	Pros: The service is fast, food is tasty, and cheap. The salad bar has fresh veggies, several pasta salads and four soups to pick from. My hubby had the Ruben sandwich, he thoroughly enjoyed it. He reports the male bathrooms were clean, I never checked out the ladies.Con: the dishwasher needs to be fired! The salad plates, mugs and utensils were dirty. The soup spoon utensil bucket at the salad bar had crumbs and food stuck in the bottom. The least they could do was put the handles to the bottom and not where I put my mouth into. Eeewwww!
4	Wanted to try this place for a while! Finally had the opportunity this past week end, we actually went there twice in the same day! Wife and I ate here after Church for breakfast. We had eggs, home potatoes, bacon, pancakes, and a small order of biscuit and gravy. Food was great, biscuit and gravy was one of the best we have had! Gravy had a very good and unique taste? Kind of tasted like chicken sausage gravy? We cleaned our plates and brought home the daughter a cheese burger. That  same night we came back for dinner, wife and I really like the way, the burgers looked. So I had their bacon burger deluxe. Burger was very good, their 1000 island dressing was also better than usual! Over all we had a great time, family loved their burgers and we will start coming back more often.
1	We ate here on Tuesday 03/06/2012. The service was poor the food was okay but I have to say they really made me mad. My wife ordered the chicken parmesan with the sald bar. Then found out that what you don't eat you can NOT have a to go box. I can under stand them not letting you take your sald home but you can't take you left over chicken parmesan??? That's just crazy I would understand it was a all you can eat but it's not. I will never go back again.
2	My husband and I saw that this place had a salad bar, so we decided to try it out.Once we we seated our waiter came and took our drink order, and brought them to us. We sat there for about 5 mins while he was cleaning two other tables, the place was not busy and we had our menus closed just waiting for him to take our order.. Very annoying.  Finally I asked the hostess as she walked by who our waiter was we were ready to order. It was the same guy who took our drink order and taking his time cleaning tables instead of taking care of his customers. He took our orders and I asked for the check and boxes right away as I could tell he would be slow. He told us we could not get boxes cause we got the salad bar, I clarified that we were not using the boxes for the salad, he said those were the rules. Our food came quickly and it was all good, though he never asked. When we were finishing eating he asked if we could please hurry and sign so he could go home. We will never go back. Unfourtunatley the service is always awful in the sun city area.
2	I take my Mother out to lunch in Sun City often. Mercers has always been our 1st choice. One gets tired of the same all the time. So we ventured to Bobbies. Have been there now a dozen times, each time hoping to find a better experience. We are usually greeted by no one , and I mean all we get is the question "two?'" No hello, how are you, etc. We are lead to the table menus plopped down. Then waiter, or waitress comes , and we literally had one that just came and said, "drink" that was it, again no hello, nothing. We are regulars at Mercers and really wanted to be at Bobbies, but no one remembers you and the sevice is awful. The waitstaff really act like they could care less about you. I have to say that Mario the owner has recognized us once or twice but that was it. When you go to a diner you don't expect aaa rated food, but i do expect good service. They really need to go to Mercers and see how the staff there treats customers, that come back . We are done at Bobbies.
1	Eww! Food was bland and tasteless and the service was slower than molasses on a cold winter's day. Took us nearly an hour to get our food only to be disappointed. I don't see the hype here. This place sucks. Don't eat here! Unless of course you don't have taste buds then you won't care.
4	I love to have breakfast at Bobbie's Cafe.  The Manager always greets us and we value his friendliness.  The food's yummy, the service is ok, the location is very convenient and the prices are really reasonable.  Kudos from me.
1	Nice people...bad food. We went for breakfast and got some things to share. Bacon, eggs and pancakes were way overcooked. Our 3 year old had biscuits and gravy which was pretty bland, even she dumped salt and ketchup all over it. Definitely did not hit the spot which sucks cause we were really in a b-fast mood and starving.
2	Restaurant moved location about two years ago, and the menu was changed a bit.  Still a diner atmosphere, and on our recent visits the food was only fair.  Service was very slow and they may have been understaffed.  It's OK as far as restaurants go, but there are several nearby that we prefer.  Meals are not too pricy, but the food is mediocre at best.
3	Service was so-so. Our server was very much in her own little world it seemed. The restaurant was clean and good came out fast but it wasn't anything to write home about. Standard cafe fare, maybe a little freshness would liven it up.
1	The service -- if it can be called that -- at Bobbie's has been steadily declining for quite some time. My husband and I decided to give the place one more chance. What a mistake. After being shown to a table, we sat there for at least 10 minutes while the wait staff cleared tables, stood by the cash register and talked, checked on the few other patrons who were there and just generally ignored us. We finally got up and walked out and in doing so passed by a group of four employees who were standing near the entrance talking.  None of them even looked at us.  This irritated my husband even more than he already was, so he went back and told them we were walking out and why. One woman responded, "Were you sitting in there?" and another said, "It wasn't my job to wait on you, but I'll take care of you now if you want to sit back down."  We declined the offer and told them we would not be back. They obviously could not have cared less.
4	A great restaurant for breakfast, but the food takes forever to get to you. The service could be improved. Overall, a very good restaurant and I would recommend it for a great breakfast cafe.
2	Prices have increased severely.  Service has decreased.  Food not as high quality as I was used to.  I still like this restaurant, but they do need to improve to their former standards..
