4	Panchero's is similar to Chipotle, with a few twists.  I end up going to Chipotle about half the time, and Panchero's about half the time.  Since I'd give Chipotle a 4-star average review, I figure that means Panchero's deserves the same.  Still, it's 4-star in the realm of fast burritos.Panchero's touts that they don't use pre-packaged tortillas, which is true - they make it on a press right there (although I can't say if they make the doughh on-site or not).  I'd say this does make for a slightly better tortilla, but not good enough to warrant going here instead of Chipotle.  Fortunately, that's not the only difference.One simple but effective step Panchero's does is simply mixing the ingredients together before wrapping the burrito.  I love Chipotle, but it's really annoying when you get all the lettuce on one side, three-quarters of the pork on the other, and so forth.  No such issues at Panchero's.  Toppings are pretty similar, with Panchero's winning points for their recent addition of freshly diced jalapeno peppers, and the only one I've been charged extra for is guacamole, which is pretty standard.  On the other hand, I personally prefer Chipotle's cilantro lime rice to Panchero's rice - this will be a matter of personal preference.The chips are made with blue corn, and are pretty tasty.  If you just get the chips, they're only 50 cents for a pretty sizeable portion, which is a bargain eating out if you ask me.  I don't always get them, but when I do I'm satisfied.The quesadillas were disappointing, but I didn't have high expectations for them to begin with.  You go to this sort of place for the burrito.Service is okay.  It's not bad, and the staff at the Gammon location are friendlier than the staff at the Fitchburg location (by the Super Target).  But the Chipotle on Old Sauk has much more enthusiastic, outgoing staff.  So if I'm not hankering for one of Panchero's slight advantages, I'm liable to go to Chipotle instead.
4	Have eaten at Pancheros many times and love the quality of the food and the service. Friendly staff, fresh cooked meat, nice variety of ingredients, and the coolest tortilla machine that presses the fresh dough into a flat tortilla! They have tacos, burritos, burrito bowls, salads, and quesadillas...all delicious. I wish they would put more meat on the quesadilla (they only put one scoop), but the cheese they use is great. Every other menu option comes with ample amounts of ingredients. Oh, and their salsas and sauce options are great! They even sell the sauce for less than $4 a bottle. Prices are a little higher, but I think it's worth it for the quality of food you are getting. Definitely a place worth going to!
4	After a long day of work, the Burrito Fairies had come to me and sprinkled their magic dust on my nose.  I needed a burrito.  My usual burrito place is Burrachos in Sun Prairie, but that was a 30 minute drive.  Where could I hook up a burrito in the vicinity of my place of employment?  Pancheros.I had never been to a Pancheros, but I'm going back.  They make the tortilla fresh--point to them.  The fillings weren't quite as voluminous as Burrachos, but they take this magic spatula and mix the ingredients together so you get a burrito the way it was intended:  A bite of everything in every bite.  I got home that night and I told my wife, "You know...I just ate a burrito like an hour ago, but if there was a Pancheros in Sun Prairie, I'd go get another one."  And I would have. I'm definitely going back as soon as I can.  Perhaps today for lunch.
3	I could give it 3.5 stars, but couldn't do 4 stars.  This location has always been clean when I have eaten there, but I normally get a burrito to go. I do find their chicken burrito with queso sauce very tasty, but I think the price is a little high (very similar to qdoba and chipotle). Also, extras (queso,  guacamole, etc) are costly. But I have to say, when they make your tortilla in front of you and when they mix up your ingredients after they make your burrito, that sets them apart from their competitors.
3	I've been here 3 times now. The tortilla is delish. And my husband really likes their chips con queso. The establishment is clean which is also a big plus.What I don't like about this place and makes me hesitant to go back.. Well, all three times we ordered the same things: 2 steak burritos, 1 chips con queso, and 1 soft drink. The first time, we were charged 16-something. The second time, 18-something. And this last time, my husband paid 24 bucks. I obviously went up and spoke with the cashier (my dear husband could care less--so frustrating). He apologized immediately and gave me 7 bucks out of his own pocket. Whatever. I got our money back. But if we do go back to this particular location again, which we probably will, I will be the one to pay for sure. I do not want this to happen again.
