1	Big disappointment.  Little competition for the nearby Milio's Subs.The menu is a little confusing with silly mining names.   I think they are overpriced for the quality and my sandwiches were just ok and nothing that tasty.   Went there twice and went back to Milio's.
5	Great subs and open till 3am, better than any other sub fast sub shop, get the chill on cold days yummm and than potato  salad in the summer :-)
2	I've had two subs from here. The Italian sub, and I can't recall the other. Nothing special in my book. Overpriced. Bread is OK. Just another sub shop with a catchy name and a weird menu. Quick service. It is clean and easy to get to. Doubt that I'll be back.
2	The food is sub-par in comparison to other sub shops here in Madison.  But today just put me over the edge.  I ordered a lunch box special and iced tea.  W/tax, tip and delivery charge, it came to $14.  The driver arrived with ONLY my sandwich.  I'm like wha???  She apologized and said she would be right back with the chips and iced tea.  A half hour later I called the store and the guy on the phone tells me she hasn't even gotten back to the store, they are really busy and would I accept a store credit.  I accepted it but now I wish I hadn't.  I now wish I put my boots and coat on and walked to the BP and got a mocha frappe, a bag of chips and made some type of sandwich or soup here at home.  Would have cost less, for sure.Don't bother with Silver Mines.  Cousins is much better (even though they don't deliver) and Pita Pit on State St is fab!  I cannot brag enough about Pita Pit!  Fresh food, great service, quick delivery...too many places to choose from to accept less-than-stellar service and food.
5	Much improved an continuing too improve sub shop .. Good Subs! .. Love the hours & the staff cares to custom make orders. They offer great suggestions too.
1	Ok... Here we go... Bread? Awful. Meats? Horrible. Service? Non-existent. WHY ARE THEY ARE STILL IN BUSINESS?!?!?!?! Late night delivery.THAT IS IT. I have ordered from here a ton of times and every time is the same... Late night but disgusting... Last night was the last straw... It is the worst sub shop in Madison. That is all.
1	The WORST customer service I've ever had. Pretty much just a bunch of stoner kids that cant do simple math n throwing items at u when u ask for something
4	Good subs. I wish they had a vegetarian meatball sub. That would be sweet. But I digress, I love the late night delivery. They are quick and always get the order right. Their cookies and pickles are great and the vegetables are fresh. Yum.
4	I have always had great service, speedy delivery, and a decent sandwich when I've ordered from Silvermine!
1	My coworker ordered from them yesterday, so I thought I would give them a shot today. I order a sub from the "hot" sub list. The Silver Plume. It took close to 40 min to deliver. The sub was room temp at best. Cheese was still cold. So thats a strike against them right there. It had more wrapping paper around it then sub inside it. Just small compared to other sub choices in Madison. I got an 8 inch sub. I thought it would be bigger. The doritos were fine. LOL. Honestly, it didnt taste bad. But room temp is not a Hot Sub and Size does matter.The more I read through these reviews... The more I think I should have come on here and looked first. My bad. But I do find it funny as well. Business owner Kenneth B..... Has only commented on the people who have a good review. Why not try and win back the customers who were so disappointed in your store, they felt the need to come on Yelp and warn others. That would be my number one priority as an owner. But I guess that explain the reviews here.
3	So I got an message from Ken the same day I posted this review. He apologized and said "I could definitely put a free medium sub credit on your account and encourage you to try us again?  Thank you for the feedback!"I responding telling him I would try again today.... I guess I will update again later.Once I got over the fact that a hot sub would not be hot (its warm), and the size is not the same as most sub shops. It wasn't great, but it wasnt bad. So I will upgrade it to three stars. I have to admit that some of the options are a nice change of pace from the usual places I order for lunch. Hopefully they can make some changes in the future.
2	Checked this place out because we had some coupons. My boyfriend and I ordered a cripple creek and a buffalo chicken sandwich both on wheat. Both were supposed to be hot. We got home and neither were hot (we live less than 2 miles away.. I expected at very least mildly warm) and both were on white bread. My sandwich also came without bacon like noted. The sandwich was decent but with so many things wrong with our order I doubt we'll go back.
3	the sub was good the guy behind the counter not so good. a bit rude honestly.clean place. good music playing
3	The delivery drivers seem to take their time. They always say it takes about 40 minutes, but it's always close to an hour or more. The food is good and I like the variety offered compared to many other places. I got the wheat bread once, but it seemed really dry and not very good, so I'd recommend the white bread. I don't order here often because the service could definitely be improved.
5	I absolutely love the subs from here. I regularly go out of my way to get my lunch from here at least once a week. The caribou is my favorite of the subs, the soup is delicious and 99.9% of the employees are super friendly. Also, they have great deals. I definitely will recommend Silver Mines to my friends and family! :-)
5	My favorite sub place in-town. Love the Frontier. My only complaint is that there isn't one on the far westside.
4	This is my favorite sub place in town. I typically visit my local restaurant 1-2 times per week. The Buffalo stampede is a great sandwich. I certainly wish there was one located on the east side of town.
1	Standing at counter for 10 minutes while 2 associates carried on a conversation and 1 associate walked passed me and did not offer assistance.  Very poor customer service tonight. Language not appropriate either.
2	I used to eat here because I lived super close and they could get a delivery to me within 10 minutes. When given any other option I'd rather get subs elsewhere. I find Silver Mine to be much more bland than any other place and the cookies are always hard. On the other hand, the bread is quite good and so is the chili. Unfortunately the chili is a little over priced for what it is. If you're close and drunk, definitely go for it. Otherwise go drive some where else.The staff is always very friendly though. I haven't had a bad experience with a single person in the 4 or so years I got food from here.
