4	This place has a very good system. Very efficient. They get you out the door as quickly as possible.Boyfriend and friend came here to pick up their tuxes. They had the tuxes all ready and many employees available to check the fit, etc.Checkout was fast. I don't know much about the arrangement process though. Just know it was about 140 for a one day rental (including shoes) and you have to return it by store closing the next day. They are flexible in return locations (we had the option to return it back home in San Jose).Chairs near the fitting rooms and even a magnetic dart game to pass the time.
5	This place is outstanding!  The day of my sisters wedding in Vegas i went to pick up my dads suit. He was fitted in Seattle Wa. but the order ended up in San Diego. No biggie,Ray Henderson helped my dad fit another suit and took care of the little problem. Ive never rented a tux before but if I ever again need to I'll know where to go. Great service is very hard to find these days but thank goodness I came across good people that morning. I highly recommend this place.
2	The moment we walked in, the place looked like a ghost town. I didn't see any attendants up and walking around. A guy forwarded me to the back where I could pick up my tuxedo. The 3 attendants who were supposed to help me were more engrossed in the novels they were reading. I tried the tuxedo on and the pants were way too baggy. I knew this was not the way it was supposed to look, but the attendant said that's how they are supposed to be unless they took it in at the waist. I would have expected much better service like when I was fitted in the Phoenix location.
1	Horrible service. Cheesy outfits. My husband was carrying 5 tuxs to return and the rep went through the door ahead fo him, did not hold the door, did not take the heavy suits out of his hands and stood checking each tux in while my husband held the rest. Then the guy was indignant that y husband was not more greatful. Really? Gross.
1	This place served it purpose. The best part of MW is that you can order your rental one place and pick it up elsewhere.  This is great so that so that you don't have to haul your tux around.  I picked up my tuxedo (no surprises there) and they altered my own shirt and everything went good.  They get a total of 4 stars- so far. I owned a hand tie bow tie and asked these people for help... and drum roll please... NOT ONE EMPLOYEE KNEW HOW TO TIE A BOW TIE. WTF?? Are you guys retarded or something? You are a fucking tuxedo store and not a goddam person knows how to tie a fucking tie? You guys are retarded. That cancels everything. ONE DAMN STAR FOR YOU.
3	Good customer service, and they did a good job tailoring my suite. Parking is easy, you can be in an out quick, and the store does not smell horrid...But who the hell is going to read a review on Mens Wearhouse?? You know what you are getting with this place
3	Service is really hit-or-miss.  There are times I've walked in, and was promptly greeted by staff, and other times where I was ignored.  Management needs to purge its lazy employees and get some better staffing in.
3	Torn between 2 and 3, but I am going with 3.Came here in July to take measurements and place an order for my wedding tuxedo in October. Arranged to pick it up in another city.Everything was smooth. I was really happy. Then in October, I go to pick up my tux two days before my wedding, and the clerk at the Vegas location had entered the wrong jacket.So now I have a potential disaster on my hands, with a bride ready to go all bridezilla on my ass because it clearly must be my fault that the order went in wrong. I wind up having to bring the wrong tux with me to Vegas. They rush an order for a replacement to arrive at this Vegas location. I go pick it up the day before the wedding (really good thing we chose to fly in a little earlier than planned).Eventually it all works out. But that was an extra 2 hours of my time (plus $30 in cab rides) the day before my wedding that was completely wasted to "fix" a problem that wasn't my fault in the first place. And no discount was offered for the error.The only reason I am rounding up to 3 is because everything DID work out in the end. And I am a firm believer that it is more about how you respond to mistakes than whether you make them in the first place. But it was extra stress I just did not need for my wedding.
5	Found some last minute things for the club last week.The 2 for 1 special is awesome. Picked up some lucky jeans and got a free pair!5 stars because i have a crush on the sales guy Bobby.... Homie was cute and tatted. I'll go back and stalk him.
4	We called beforehand, asked about what colors and sizes were available. Store manager picked up the phone and was very helpful.Stan was awesome-/efficient and resourceful, knew exactly what he was dealing with.Went in with shoes, made it easier to pick out.
4	I came in to get fitted into a suit for a wedding in Michigan. The entire staff was very friendly and made it a pretty simple process. They confirmed I would pick up the suit back in Detroit and gave me a 20% off coupon for a future purchase was nice. Hopefully everything is delivered well in a few weeks so I don't have to update my review :)
1	This is what I sent to the corporate office I was so upset.  3 days later they sent me an apology and going to let the store manager know and that was it. No one cares and customers don't matterHere's my email.I just had one of the worst experiences in a Mens Wearhouse ever and thats why I'm sending an email. This has frustrated me all of yesterday and still is.I moved to Las Vegas from Missouri.  Shopped at your Springfield store many times for years and have bought many slacks, shirts, suits and walked away very happy.  I'm in sales and I know what keeping a customer means to me.   Yesterday I  went to Store No. 2401  1159 E Twain Las Vegas.  My wife and I went in for slacks and shirts for my work.  We were greeted by  a gentleman named Marcus, who was a very helpful guy.  He took me to the area of slacks.   I explained what i was looking for and he shared with me the great sale going on.   Talked up the sales sign where it clearly states if I buy 3 pairs of slacks they would be $45 a piece.  Great lets get started.    I picked out a few shirts as well.   I was trying many slacks and shirts on.  Finally finding the perfect set of 3. Trying everything on and getting fitted for a HOUR and 1/2 wore me out but I thought it was going to be worth it in the end.I was so wrong.  I went to checkout and then this is where it got insulting and made me upset. I guess that 2 of the slacks were not the sale price but a different slack and were $90 a piece.So a manager named Joyce came over and said "if you noticed the price and see that these slacks are better quality slack theres no way we can sell them for $45 and I would get fired if I did"  Again Im in sales and I've been trained to pick up verbiage and tone in voices.  The way she came across was very insulting.  I was freaking fuming.  Here I am on my day off which my wife had planned out the whole day for us and I talked her into going to Mens Wearhouse for just a few minutes.   Here's my problem     The time I took trying many shirts and slacks on and getting the slacks fitted.  Thinking that I would be walking out the door with 3 pairs of slacks and the 3 shirts.  The way it was handled was HORRIBLE, the way i was talked down to  because i wasn't buying the better quality of slacks.  I couldn't tell difference in slacks.   Thats not my job to know these things.  IT'S YOURS!!!  ITS NOT MY FAULT.     If I took a client and had him spend an hour and a 1/2 with my product and I bragged about the wonderful sale and the deal he was getting and when it was time to ring up the order I told him sorry YOU CAN'T have it.  Holy crap.    If that mistake was made, I would have honored the deal knowing that he will be back for years to come.  Lose a little, but gain a lot.  The biggest part of sales business is Word Of Mouth.  I work with 63 salesmen (MEN)  Do  you realize that business and the competition  there is in Las Vegas?  Not only have you lost me as a repeat costumer but a chance for referral business.  I'm going to give my opinions about TMW when I get back to work.      The point is not about me paying $90 each for the 2 slacks, I went ahead and bought the 3 shirts and one pair of slacks because I didn't want to go drag my wife to another place and have to start the process over again and be even more wore out trying crap on again.  Now I have to do this over again at another time.  I'm pissed about that.   The point is.... i was promised a deal and took the time to get it.  It wasn't delivered.  I was talked down to and insulted.  You guys took something away from me that I thought i was getting.  It was a let down.  You guys should have lost a little to gain a lot.  You would have gained way more than a loss of probably a measly $100 for you.  It's not acceptable. Sincerely, one lost customer that does't know the difference between the quality of the 2 sale slacks.p.s. i never left the fitting room and never took a pair of slacks off the rack off the rack, the 7 slacks that I tried on were brought to me.
4	We ordered tuxedos for our wedding from Men's Warehouse and picked them up at this location.  I called to make sure everything was taken care of a few days before hand and they reassured me that everything would be there ready to go! When we arrived to pick them up they were all ready to go and the sales people were very nice, we even got some money back!! Thanks Men's Warehouse for your help!
5	I honestly don't know where the negative reviews are coming from. They must have this place confused with another Men's Wearhouse.I came here to pick up a tux rental for my wedding. My best man and I were both measured back home in Jersey and I just had to pay for the tuxes and try mine on at this location. As soon as I walked through the door, Patrice (the store's operations manager) was all over me. She smiled, laughed, and joked with me the entire time and helped to make what should have been a rather mundane affair into the highlight of my day (which was much-needed after all the other pre-wedding chores we rushed around for today). Pleasant atmosphere, outstanding staff, and my tux was a perfect fit from the get-go. I'll definitely be returning to this Men's Wearhouse to rent a tux for my next wedding!
5	This is one of my favorite places to shop for Mens apparel. I had an issue with some jeans I had purchased and tailored here. They just did not fit the way they were supposed to. I understand that nobody is perfect, even tailors have bad days and maybe I caught them on a bad one. Long story short, I brought my jeans back and explained the situation to Kris (evening manager) and Gene (wardrobe consultant) which were more than helpful in resolving the issue. They took care of me in a professional and efficient manner. Their level of customer service is stellar. It's about keeping clients happy to return and do future business. That's exactly what I plan to do. Thank you so much for the resolving everything, your kindness is much appreciated.
5	Wonderful place. Staff was exceptional. Especially Patrice. Store was clean welcoming.
4	Came in to pick up a tux for a friend in a wedding. Measurements were taken out of state, and the tux was delivered to Vegas. It was a very simple transaction. The tux fit perfectly, and we were out the door in just minutes. Nice job.
1	My wedding party picked their tuxes up here, they were measured in AZ, GA, and FL and all at different stores.  Somehow, with 7 different tuxes, not a single tux came in sized correctly.  This store was able to resolve the problem but they were rude about it.  Additionally, my husband lost his phone in the store.  We called three times and also stopped in when we returned the tuxes and they told us they did not have it and that they had scoured the store.  As soon as we returned to Arizona they called to say they found our phone but refused to mail it because they did not want to be responsible for it.  My entire wedding party swears they will never use Men's Wearhouse for anything ever again.
5	I needed to pick up a suit last minute before a wedding. I came in the morning around 9:30, and was greeted by Kris at the door. I was buying my first suit and she was very helpful. I was there for no more than 45 minutes and I left with an excellent suit for a good price
5	Manger, Tony, takes of his customers. Great team of people, happy to do business with them vs Carle Place, NY. Bad customer service at that place! Love this place! Great customer service is here!!!
