5	A wonderful new option for lunch in Scottsdale!I stopped in on their second day open and my experience was flawless. It was a Thursday and the special was Italian Beef with Au Jus. I had to try it. I ordered the half size for ($4.25) and it was plenty.It arrived piping hot with melted mozzarella on really great Italian bread. The Jus was the best I've had outside of my ma's kitchen and the sandwich was perfection. The beef was so tender with no bits of fat.The restaurant is small and clean. The owners are the real deal. They were making sure everything was just right. I am so excited to have this wonderful option for lunch with a great price point ($4.25 - $9.95) and amazing food. They have daily specials that are awesome.
5	I cannot believe how amazing this restaurant is! The owner was opening the door for me as I walked up, and was extremely personable and welcoming.  The restaurant is small and cozy, and the food was by far the best Italian I've had in any part of Arizona! Their spinach ravioli was to die for, their beverages are cold and refreshing, and the desserts...don't even get me started! I asked the owner what he would recommend for dessert so he brought me a canoli and a "brownoli", which is a brownie stuffed with canoli cream and dusted with powdered sugar. It is probably my new favorite treat on the planet!! I would definitely and will definitely visit this restaurant on a regular basis, as the owner was very kind (and hilarious), and the food was both reasonably priced and delicious!
5	If you love Italian food, THIS is the place to go! The food speaks for itself, I could eat it everyday. From the salads to the sliders- OMG!!! I love the Eggplant Parmesan, I actually crave this food. The garlic knots are awesome and you kind of get a show out of the owner. His catch phrase- "hey- who's betta than you?" Nobody!"... Great prices-, very, very reasonable!  The owner could easily charge so much more for the big taste you get out of this food. Italian food is my favorite so, I've been to so many.....I've been to the little hidden spots to  Italian restaurants that are "high end" and they're excellent- but you pay through the nose- -THIS food is so much better and ,as I stated above reasonably priced. Oh save room for the dessert...kind of like a brownie with cannoli "stuff"...EXCELLENT!!!
5	Bobby is back!  A different name but the same outstanding food!  The service and food is the best.  When you walk in you get the aroma of fresh garlic & Italian Food cooking and a huge greeting from Bobby!    I just don't know what to order when I'm there because everything is so delicious.  The chicken parm is one of my all time favorites.  Love the pasta & salads too!  Love, love, love this place!!!!!  PS try the garlic knots.
4	I've been here a few times. The quality of the food was honestly not as good as the Italian joint I had dinner at in the theater district of Manhattan, but I'm not some Yelp snob who complains about places not being "authentic" enough when I've never been to Italy in the first place. The owner has a very lively New Yorker-ish personality and a booming voice. He greets you, takes your order, and is overall a very friendly guy who treats all of the customers well. If this guy ever treats you like crap, then there must be a serious glitch in the system. Everything I've tried here came out pretty quickly, even when there were other large groups of customers, and everything tasted fine. My eggplant parm was also incredibly big for a lunch-sized serving. Overall, it's a neat little lunch place if you happen to be over in that area. Hopefully it manages to stay open longer than the other places that occupied this spot.
5	The Best East Coast Italian food you will find in AZ. Bobby Who's better than You!!
2	I tried this place after reading such rave reviews and was with expectations of finding a nice little hole in the wall Italian sandwich and pasta shop. Unfortunately I was very disappointed to find very generic and / or canned flavors in the sauces, portions to price ratio also a disappointment. I ordered a chicken parm sub and what I hit was a toasted nun with a scant amount of chicken, melted cheese, and generic marinara that I have eaten in several places. My wife orders the cheese ravioli with meatball and was equally disappointed. The ravioli tasted like generic Costco pasta, the meatball had no spices to flavor the meat, and the sauce was the same generic commercial stuff as well. I believe the owner took our order and he was very nice and accommodating. The problem is that a smiling face does not make up for mediocre food. Overall just a let down as I had anticipated more authentic flavors. By the way, the two portions mentioned and a soda for $19. Too much for a lunch style place considering small quantities and lack of authenticity. Not a repeat in my opinion.
5	I love this place, it is the best Italian in the area and is one of my favorite lunch spots. The sandwiches and pastas are spot on and the service is wonderful. in the modd for dessert? Try the oh-so tasty brownoli - brownie with cannolli filling, it is to die for.When I visit, I tend to stick with my standby, their solid meatball parm sandwhich. Their meatballs are the best I have had in Arizona and taste wonderful with their homemade mozerella (which you can buy fresh daily).The owner is generally the man at the counter and he greets you with a solid Chicago Italian hello that makes you feel like you are at the windy city itself, minus the horribly polluted river.Have no reservations about coming here, you'll love it.
1	It looks like all of the bogus orange head 5 star reviews couldn't save this place. I saw that the sign was no longer there and the place was closed for lunch on Friday.
5	This place is fantastic!You can't go wrong. Owner seems like a great guy super friendly and thanks you for your business.Chicken Parm sandwich best i have ever had.
