5	Very excited to have a real fish market right in my backyard!Like many I've been frustrated over the relative lack of high-quality fish in Charlotte. Yes, there are decent options in South Park but they require a long drive and frankly are exceptionally expensive. As a result I was thrilled when I heard this place opened. It is located in a small strip mall off of Ardrey Kell and a bit hidden from the road (look for the Cast Iron Waffle place). It is modestly decorated which is fine because frankly the focus should be on the seafood anyway!Speaking of - the quality of everything is great! Very fresh and mostly regional. I purchased Brook Trout from the Blue Ridge mountains and some wild Swordfish caught off of the Outer Banks. The Swordfish was wonderful, slightly buttery and great off the grill. I stuffed the trout and got rave reviews from the family. The kicker is that the prices are reasonable - compared to the sub-par stuff I've seen at HT, Publix and even Whole Foods,  the prices were very good. I'm also appreciative that the owners are pursuing sustainable seafood and not just importing the cheap stuff.Big thumbs up!
5	I attended the grand opening of the Carolina Fish Market in Ballantyne. Seeing that I live and work in the 28277 zip code their location is very convenient being just about a mile from both, within walking distance of Ardrey Kell High School. So far I've tried the Tuna Steak & Swordfish plus I picked up a pound of fresh shrimp as a bonus for my dad on his birthday. Swordfish has been my favorite, I'm not much of a cook and time is always a rare commodity for me so I put a small layer of olive oil on the Swordfish and seasoned with a little bit of Old Bay (also sold at the Carolina Fish Market). My go to cooking choice would be my broiler pan, i broiled for just about 4 minutes each side (1 lb) and it came out delicious. Quick and easy. In comparison to other local fresh fish locations there appears to be a much more extensive & diverse selection to choose from in Charlotte's Carolina Fish Market. I've known Jim Seidel (the owner) and his family for maybe two years by now. They had another thriving business that he recently sold to pursue the Carolina Fish Market, a more passion driven endeavor. With his previous business, customer service and satisfaction were always a #1 priority and from speaking with him "off the record" that's clearly his #1 objective with this new business as well.Plus I believe it will provide him with a few extra mandatory "business trips" to the Carolina Coast.
3	I was excited to see Carolina Fish Market open since there is definitely a need.  There is one other seafood market in Charlotte and it is very expensive so I was hoping this place would be more affordable.  It is.I will say they've done a good job of getting the word out about their opening and Social Media seems to be their friend.  It's a good thing that they advertise since you would never find them.  What happened to location, location, location?  I was looking for them and had to drive around the building a few times to find parking, it was raining out and the only parking is off the path or you'd have to steal a spot from one of the local residents.Walking in, it is very sparse, which is fine.....like someone else says the product should speak for itself.  The owner was there, made some conversation and the selection was plentiful.  The conversation centered on what "came in" that day and how fresh everything was which is awesome.  They have a nice case and it's filled with different kinds of fish.  He also had an impressive oyster case.  I wanted some fresh Carolina Shrimp and had a coupon for buy 2 lbs get 1 free so I took advantage.  The shrimp were "peel and eat" and were listed as 21/26.  Upon returning home these little suckers were just that, little.  Most were not 21/26 and were on their way out shelf life wise and had the odor of older shrimp to boot, so I questioned their freshness.  All in all, not a bad experience.  I will try them again when I'm ready, and give them another shot.  Great concept and it is something that is well needed in this area.
5	WOW! Finally a great place to get fresh seafood in my area! Everything I have tried has been exceptional! I decided to change it up this year for Thanksgiving and we went all seafood! Thanks for the best oysters on the half shell, jumbo lump crab, and branzino that I have ever had! Turkey who?? By the way, on a different occasion I tried the shrimp and I can say they were in fact "off the hook" delicious!
5	I am so happy right now.  I just finished my dinner, consisting of a beautiful fillet of Sheepshead fish caught off the Carolina coast, from Carolina Fish Market.  It was good. It was real good!!  I never even heard of this type of fish before, but I watched a video on their very informative and frequently updated website before going here.  This video showed me how the fish is caught and how it is prepared at the famous Husk restaurant in Charleston. Ok, they probably shouldn't get 5 stars just yet.  I mean, they still have a long way before they reach their full potential.  The location is odd.  The decor is bare.  The selection is interesting, but limited.  They get a pass on all that because in order to reach their potential they need to build there customer base first.The people who own and run this market are PASSIONATE about bringing high quality, fresh, local fish to Charlotte.  I didn't have to talk to anyone to realize this; it was obvious.  I would love to talk to the owners here and find out where their passion comes from, but they were busy with other customers.  I will be back soon though.  Keep it up Carolina Fish Market!  Support!
5	I've been to Carolina Fish Market three times since they opened. I've purchased the fresh shrimp multiple times and the difference between that and once frozen shrimp is unbelievable. The scampi I made with the shrimp was the best I've ever had. And it's 100% because of the quality of the shrimp.We've purchased the Faroe Island salmon twice and both times it was incredibly fresh.. the best my wife has had (her words.. I don't eat salmon.. long story). I also purchased haddock and it too was fantastic (good luck trying to find fresh haddock in Charlotte).Until this place opened, I refused to buy fresh seafood in Charlotte because it's not fresh. Jim (the owner) guarantees the freshness of his fish and has delivered every time for us. We are regular customers now.
5	Smart move! Great concept! I wish I would have thought of this!
5	Stopped in here after work this evening and was pleasantly surprised with the vast selection and variety of fresh seafood options. We purchased Mahi Mahi filets and tile fish. Both had great flavor and were very fresh. Happy to see this place open up in Ballantyne. We will no longer buy pre-frozen seafood from grocery store again.
5	Late Saturday afternoon we searched for this gem.  Both my husband and I formerly lived on the coast, and are VERY picky about our seafood.  We bought only a pound each of shrimp and flounder.  After eating the shrimp at 7:30 pm, my husband wanted to call the shop and see if they would open up so we could get two more pounds.  It was excellent; so fresh, and pure.  Unlike some of the grocery store "fresh" shrimp that has the iodine taste.  We'll be having the flounder for dinner tomorrow, and undoubtedly go back next week.  Finally, somewhere we can get that taste of the Outer Bank near home.  Thank you!
5	So happy to find a place that sells extremely fresh seafood around here!  The selection was nice (even some fish I'd never heard of before), and the staff was very knowledgeable and friendly.
5	Have been to Carolina Fish market several times.  The oysters (many varieties), shrimp and king salmon are fresh and amazing.  The tuna looks awesome too!
2	It says they close at 7pm even on the door. Apparently they need to update bc I was there before 7 and was pretty upset when the place was shut down and no lights even on. Beyond closed. What are your actual times ???
5	Great to see a nice local fish market. Quality and service is excellent. Ended up choosing the Wild Salmon and Chilean Sea Bass.  Both were phenomenal (the Salmon was probably the best I've ever had). I have a feeling I'm going to become a regular!
2	very expensive better seafood at Harris Teeter very small selection
5	Quality superb, fresh right off the boat! Much needed in this area and greatly appreciated!
5	The real deal!  One of the most affordable fresh fish stores around.  Loved the grouper we had last night!
5	Amazing quality and selection.  I got their #1 grade tuna and it was amazing.  I prepared it just seared on either end and raw in middle with just salt and pepper.  SO FRESH.  They had a lot of other fish to choose from and I will be back on regular basis.  Prices are very reasonable and competitive based on quality of what you are getting.
5	Fresh, high-quality, locally-sourced seafood. The fish is incredibly fresh and cut to order. When I walked in the other day, they were filleting a whole red snapper right there in-store. You don't see that at the Harris Teeter! Between the high-quality, fresh seafood and the great customer service, this place cannot be beat.
5	A little testimonial...that I should have written some time ago...The Saturday before Eater Sunday I got an early start, which is very rare for me on a Saturday, and, without realizing, I arrived at The Carolina Fish Market a bit before they opened. As I was walking in a FedEx guy with handtrucks carrying a large box was just in front of me. I followed him into the market  and Jim assured me that "it's okay, we're opening soon, no worries." I told Jim that I needed some salmon because I was making homemade gravlax for Easter brunch the next morning. Apparently they'd sold out of salmon the day before and this particular FedEx guy was bringing in their fresh catch of salmon for the weekend. Jim open the box, chose a gorgeous side salmon, sliced it to the thickness I needed, wrapped it up and I was out the door in five minutes. This goes to show, and proves to anyone who doubts, that they have the freshest, highest quality, never frozen fish on a regular basis. I personally watched this beautiful piece of wild caught salmon come directly in the door in a non-frozen state and be cut for me specifically to order. I would be willing place a large wager on the fact that this would never happen at any grocery store in the area. Nuff said.
1	I purchased a Groupon deal for this company.  I was not very happy with the product I received.  I purchased 2 large order of shrimp.  First the shrimp smelled which I thought was unusual. Then I thought it was just me and tried to get rid of the smell by rinsing in lemon juice.  This helped, but I should have known to just return the product because I believe it made my husband sick.  I will no longer go to this establishment.  The prices were expensive considering the quality of the product.
4	I saw the signs for this place a while ago when I was in the area.  I followed them and stopped in just to see what they had but did not buy anything.  It was a very small place with a very small selection.  They told me that everything was fresh except for one items that was frozen which I can't remember since it was a while ago.  I saw them on Groupon recently so I decided to purchase the deal.  I went back today but had a hard time finding the place since they had moved.  There were no signs and I do not recall seeing anything that stated they had moved.  There was no sign on the old store either.  Thankfully I saw the new location in the same shopping center.  I went in and perused the selection.  The prices are definitely high, even for the freshness of the product.  Almost $20 for a pound of mahi-mahi is almost beyond comprehension whether or not it's fresh.  The scallops, at about $18 a pound were a little more reasonable and comparable to other places.  I asked for a half pound of those and got 3/4 of a pound which was fine since I had the Groupon.  I also purchased about a half bound of Black Angus filet that was "fresh" although it was from a farm in Oregon.So how was the food itself?  The scallops were large and I personally prefer smaller ones.  They were very good though.  I sauteed them in butter with just a touch of lemon pepper and they were delicious.The beef, however, was good but should have been a whole better for the "normal" price.  I have purchased beef from "What's Your Beef" down the road and their "cheaper" cut of steak was far superior to these filets.  I understand that this is a fish market, but if you are going to advertise "local" it should apply to all products you sell, whether it's seafood or beef.  I am not saying the filets were bad; they were definitely good but they should have been better for almost $20 a pound.  By comparison, What's Your Beef was $13.99 a pound for ribeyes that tasted better.This is definitely a needed place on the south side of town as fresh seafood is always good if you know what you're buying.  The prices though are almost prohibitively high unless you're cooking for a date and trying to impress them.  I definitely understand that "you get what you pay for" but most items in here are $20 a pound which doesn't go fare.  You can usually go out to eat and get fresh seafood for less than that.
1	I was excited to find a place near my new home in ballantyne where they have fresh fish. The place itself is pretty big but the selection is limited which is ok with me as long as the product is fresh. I bought 2 fillets of cod. The fish smelled a little but I just assumed it was a fish...however after cooking realized that fish was definitely not fresh  as it released a lot of oil and the fishy smell was still there. Had to chuck it immediately. The guy at counter barely spoke a few words so I didnt know what was fresh that day and what wasnt. Regardless I will not be going back. i am disappointed because I am big on fresh seafood and farm meats. I hope they get better or shut down.
4	Fantastic. Love both their seafood as well as their policy of local or domestic sourcing. Not only seafood, but the best looking Wagyu beef I have seen- and priced at supermarket USDA choice prices! I will definitely make this my "first stop" choice when shopping for seafood or beef!
5	I have been to this shop countless times since its initial opening and am yet to be let down.  When the Carolina shrimp is in season, you will not have fresher shrimp unless you are on the boat yourself.  I have had red snapper, sea bass, more scallops than I could count, lobster tails and grass-fed fillets (a brilliant surf and turf Valentine's special), Mahi Mahi, swordfish and my most recent favorite -- trigger fish.  The fish is always as fresh as it can be, the staff is knowledgeable in helping you pick the right fish and giving you ideas for preparation, and the prices -- while certainly not cheap -- are more than fair for the quality of the food.  It is easy to justify the price when you think you would be paying 3x for the same quality at your best area restaurants.  If you enjoy seafood and can handle yourself in the kitchen or behind the grill, then you need to make this joint a regular stop.
4	Prices have come down to more reasonable rates. A pound of mahi mahi was $15 which is decent.  Cooked shrimp from Charleston was 20 per pound which again is decent. Raw shrimp was about $15 a pound which is a good price for being able to get Carolina shrimp in Charlotte.
