4	I stopped here for a take out during my busy lunch hour.   This is a real mom and pop place, being opened and run by the family since 1984.   This is a down to business, I'm not wasting my money on fancy furniture but will concentrate on serving good Mexican food.I had the tamale.   It was served with enchilada sauce on top with a small salad amount of lettuce and chopped tomatoes on the side.   In addition they added a paper lunch bag filled with fried in the restaurant chips (not packaged) and two 6 oz cups of two types of salsa.   All this for $4 plus tax.   The combo meal, lunch and dinner the same price, with choice of 2 items with rice and beans is $9.   Three items with rice and beans is $9.75   The other dinners like carne asada or carnitas or others is $13The tamale was good, not the best I have had but better than most Mexican restaurants.  The filling was beef in an red chile sauce.   The salsas were both red...one with chuncky tomatoes and the other more blended but hotter.   Chips tasted like they were freshly deep fried.I looked at other patorns food.....the rice looked average, but the tacos were made with real tortillas, not the premade curved taco shellsOverall, 4 stars.  Only locals at this place, no tourist like myself.   It's away from the Las Vegas madness areas.  I would be a repeat customer here if I lived near here.
2	My carnitas burrito was decent, and the chips and salsa were decent also.  However, service was somewhat lacking.  Food was slow to arrive, and came with no silverware.  We asked for silverware.  We waited.  No silverware came.  We went and got our own silverware.By this time our lunch hour was running out.  We asked for the check and said we were in a rush.  The waiter brought the check and then disappeared again.  I had to go into the kitchen and hunt him down in order to pay.  The waiter ran away again while I was in the middle of paying.Okay food.  Okay prices.  Don't go if you are on a schedule.  Possibly take your own silverware.
4	Love their chips and salsa here.  And they keep bringing you more if you run out.Seems like a Mom & Pops place.  So the flavor is different compared to the big chains.  Love their food here, and feel relieved that I have the endorsement from my fellow Mexican friends.  Come early.  The parking is not very large, unless you wanna park near the self-serve carwash. And not a lot of seating capacity.So thank you, Dora Maria.  You have my patronage.
4	Awesome Mexican joint. Great place to grab some authentic Mexican. Don't expect the service to be quick.
5	We were out at the base for a doctors appointment and wanted some good authentic food on that side of town, so we Yelped.  This place came up as a neighborhood place with some real authentic food.  The place looks small from the outside, but once inside there actually is a lot of seating.  You may not see that when you walk in the door but they have two back rooms.  This is a family owned place which has been around for some time and they have some excellent chips and salsa which is bottomless and some of the best food I have had on that side of town.  I thank all the previous Yelpers for this place as you were correct.  The wait for the food after ordering was pretty quick and the food was plentiful and very tasty.  This is a place I would return to anytime even if not on that side of town but wanting some good food in a family place.I know I have a very good mexican place near my house, but the drive and gas would be worth going to this place again.  They have lunch and dinner specials which makes the price worth the gas.  A must try if you end up near the base.
