4	It's been awhile since I've eaten here, but I keep meaning to return. This is a nice little italian spot... the food is great and the atmosphere is nice. When we went, the owner's family was there - I felt like I had stepped into the middle of a mafia movie... and not one of the scenes where people get peppered with bullets and blood flies everywhere like spaghetti sauce.It was a nice mafia family with young kids running around near the kitchen. Normally, that would annoy me - but this was more fun than annoying.White tablecloths, great bread and wine, and lovely food. I'm glad I remembered this place so I can go back. Stay tuned for a review update if my next visit is any different...
2	I have recently scoured the depths of the internet trying to find a decent review of That's Italiano. It is only AFTER I have returned from eating there that I begin to find information on this restaurant. Humph! I'm a little upset... Joke.Anyways, it's a lovely evening back in the good ol' Phoenix area and I have once again just stepped off a plane and am pretty much dying of hunger; only, it's not just regular type hunger, it's lasagna type hunger. Then I remember that there is this pretty neat looking place next to the dry cleaners I've been going to, that I have wanted to try for a while.As usual I am by myself, so all of the cliche jokes about my "Party?... Party of ONE!" apply. Though again, despite the fact I am by myself and probably going to go home and write about my experience on Yelp! Does NOT make me a loner, loser, cheapskate or any other name you can think of, but apparently they thought so.The first gal I talked to had me walk her to the table I wanted (I certainly had my selection as only three other tables were occupied) and left me with a smile and a menu, and in all fairness I must say that she was by far the most attentive and energetic person working in the restaurant that evening.Shortly there after a guy brought me a basket of bread and oil and walked away to finish putting new butcher paper on every table and rearranging the glasses and silverware to be presentable for tomorrow's crowd.Roughly seven minutes later, after trying to position the menu in every way possible to signal, "Hey! Look over here, me, me, me... I'm ready to order now!" Another new waitress came to my table and apologized for the misunderstanding, she thought the other girl was taking care of me. All the while the guy with the bread was organizing the tables around me, but never thought to mention that I just might be waiting for some help.I then ordered the lasagna, a glass of wine to go with dinner and a side salad and at this particular moment I'm not sure any of those were really the right choice.First, let's start with the bread (the one bright spot) HOLY HEAVENLY supposedly fresh baked bread! Without the vegetable oil w/ cheese you were magnificent! With the funky oil and cheese? Meh...Then came my salad, apparently people have a difficult time chilling things that should be cold prior to serving them to me. I am again of the camp that believes salad should not look like Detroit in late February (ie. freezing), but should also not be sweating because it has been sitting at slightly higher than room temperature in the kitchen for the last six hours. The "Italian dressing" was really more like "I can't believe it's not butter-ian dressing." In addition they do not offer a dinner salad, you must purchase the $4.50 regular salad... maybe, just maybe a buck fifty and I might do it again, four fifty... "hellz" no!At this point I am really hoping that my lasagna tastes like winning Powerball when the jackpot reaches 993 trillion, because if not, well this restaurant has a lot to be desired.Then just as I am dreaming of the cheesy goodness that is lasagna, out of the kitchen it comes in all its glory.Only one problem... it is just a piece of lasagna that I'm pretty sure they baked a pan of earlier in the day stuck on the plate with two gobs of meat sauce on either side and sprinkled with oregano or some other spice to add decoration.Considering I am paying $12.50 for this nondescript overcooked noodle concoction, I would recommend that maybe they put the plate in a burning garbage can to add some excitement and possibly flavor. I'm so under whelmed at this point that I try to hustle through it and my "house" red wine; which was comparable to Trader Joe's three buck chuck (damn, you mean I could have gotten a bottle for what I paid for a glass?).After finishing 85% of the lasagna and chugging the wine I called it a night. Sorry That's Italiano, with all the potential you have to be a classy, unique, wonderful Italian restaurant... you've got a ways to go.
3	I have been here a few times before and again just last night.  I really want this to be a great little neighborhood gem and waiting to be blown away, but it's still just ok.    Service was fine, nice live music, warm fresh bread, and good wines.   Food this last time was average, had a chicken dish with some REALLY salty prosciutto on it with a bland side of pasta.  The gnocchi was soft and tender but the tomato cream sauce needed more herbs or spices.  I remember having the lasagna before and liking it, and I still want to go back and try their pizzas.
2	Good, not great.  Always great service from friendly people.  The food is always pretty tasty.  I just can't always agree to paying nearly $100 for a meal for two every time I'm there.  Take this place in moderation.  If you know what good Italian food tastes like, you'll probably enjoy this place.  If you know what it costs to construct a decent Italian meal, you may simply stay at home and cook it yourself.
4	I kept driving by and seeing a sign "Summer Special - Two meals, salad and wine for $40" I had heard decent reviews about this place so we decided to give it a try this week.I was impressed to hear you could choose ANY item on the menu for your salad and entrees; you weren't limited to a smaller selection. We ordered the following:LINGUINE FRUTTI DI MARE ~ Mussels, calamari, shrimps, with Fra Diavolo sauce ($19.95)MELANZANE PARMIGIANA*~ Layers of eggplant with mozzarella, tomato and parmesan ($14.95)2 Salads ($9)Bottle of Sangiovese 'Polesio' ($34)With tax and tip this meal would have been around $100, so walking out paying about half that made for a great dining experience. The food was very authentic, it tasted like you had just stepped in to an old Italian grannies kitchen. The bread was fresh and the ambiance romantic. I'm going with 4 stars, but honestly if we had paid full price, it would probably only be 3.. (Oh and they really should spruce up the bathrooms, they were gross).
3	I have a hard time going out to Italian places because my Mom could pretty much cook circles around anyone when it comes to Italian food, and that's what I was brought up on.  There are certain dishes that I just can't order anywhere because I know it wouldn't meet my expectations. Just saying this in fairness to That's Italiano, because someone a little less snobby about Italian food might give it a higher rating.Anyway, boyfriend and I went here last Friday to try the $40 special they are running right now. It really is a spectacular deal. 2 salads, 2 entrees (ANYTHING on the menu) and a bottle of wine for $40!  Of course I had to add the beef carpaccio appetizer, which brought us up to $51, but none the less, a good deal.Our waitress was nice, attentive, and personable. She looked kind of like a younger version of my grandma, so that was weird.  I got the Linguini Frutti Di Mare, which is basically what I get everywhere, except I usually call it "Seafood Fra Diavolo" and everyone knows what I'm talking about.  BF got a Pounded, Breaded Veal dish with bruschetta.Like i said before, there are certain things I cannot order because I will be let down. Seafood Fra Diavolo is not one of those dishes. It's basically linguini with a ton a shellfish tossed in a spicy marinara sauce. As long as the fish is fresh and the sauce doesn't completely suck, I'm happy.  The pasta and sauce were good at That's Italiano. The fish, however, weren't the best I've had, which made me kind of wish I had got something else.Boyfriend liked his veal, but I thought it was a bit tough.  It also came with a kind of weird side of bare spaghetti with bruschetta on top. Nothing to write home about there.All in all, everything, food-wise, was okay. The service and atmosphere were very good. I will be back, but only to take advantage of the $40 dinner offer. I can't see paying full menu price to be worth it.
4	I went here the other night and got the 2 dinners and a bottle of wine for $45. This was a great deal. The bread was great, good salad and wonderful gnocci  and seafood pasta. The wine was ok, but the ambiance was good so all and all a good dinner.
1	No longer in business.
