5	I've been a regular customer of Pearl Wok for five years now and they've never disappointed me. They've never gotten an order wrong. My food is never cold when I pick it up. It's never taken longer than the ten or twenty minutes they tell me on order. The menu is pretty standard for Chinese takeout. I recommend the Hot & Sour soup, the Lemon Chicken (not overly battered) and the Kung Pao Chicken. The takeout menu is also marked with the owner's favorite dishes. Of these, the Sesame Chicken is my favorite. There are lunch specials listed, and anything that's not there, just ask for it, they'll make it if they can. The lunches also come with rice, an eggroll, and a small order of soup.Portions are always generous and they never leave out the extra soy sauce, spicy mustard, and complimentary fortune cookies. And there's a nice big Buddha on the counter - good luck for us all.
3	Just had Pearl Wok delivered and I can't say it was as good as some of the others say it is.  I'm somewhat disappointed by Chinese food here in Vegas, and Pearl Wok is more of the same... average Chinese food.  I had the kung pao chicken and thought it was pretty bad, but the hot and sour soup was good.  I will say that the ordering process was very smooth -- they didn't mess up my order -- and the delivery was very expedient.
4	So I'm on my way back from the DMV (that's another story for another day) and am hungry.  For anyone who doesn't know, they actually have a food counter at the DMV.  It reminds me of the food counter that used to be in the ice skating rink when I was a kid.  Well, the DMV food counter sends the smell of popcorn out into the crowd - perhaps to cover the stench of those who haven't showered for the day, week - whatever.  So this made me hungry enough to pull out my Blackberry and start searching for Chinese takeout on Yelp.Thanks to location and the few reviews, I found the Pearl Wok.  I ordered the $5.50 daily lunch which included egg roll, soup and steamed/fried rice.  Chose the Beef & Broccoli.  Also ordered an appetizer/side of (6) Chicken dumplings and had them steamed ($4.95).  The beef/broccoli was yummy - broccoli was cooked well and not fatty beef.  The fried rice was fried rice - not extraordinary but good nonetheless.  The dumplings (or potstickers, as I call them) were great but the best part was the dipping sauce.  That awesome homemade brown potsticker sauce that has fresh ginger and green onions ... oh so good.  And now here's my favorite part - when I asked for the hot oil - they had it!!  Some chinese places look at me like I'm speaking ... well, English .. when I ask for the hot oil.  I'm sure it has a name but I'm going with hot oil - the one with the chili pepper seeds.  Oh my, put a little of this on your potsticker and dip into the sauce ... oh my.  Obviously this is written by a girl who likes a little "heat" ....Of note:  They offer free delivery with purchase of $15 within 3-mile radius.  I'd definitely order again.
1	I've eaten here a few times against my better judgment especially since MSG is my nemesis. They delivered a couple of times and harassed me asking me if the credit card belonged to me and not my Mom! Yeah, it has my name on it. My Mom is in Texas and has a different name. Do you need her permission to sell me some greasy food which will keep me up all night and make me sick for a week? They called me 5 times before they brought the food which was sub par even for Vegas and that's an achievement boys and girls! Picked up food from there once and they left part of the order out but since I was doubled over from abdominal pains, I let them keep their little bonus. Everybody in the house was sick for days.I learned my lesson and I'm done with this place. Try at your own risk!
5	I have been a regular customer at Pearl Wok for many many years and I absolutely LOVE it.  I'm a Vegetarian and they are always VERY accommodating - I get the Vegetarian Chop Sui (brown sauce - I didnt care for the white sauce) and either the vegetable fried rice or the Vegetable Lo Mein (soft noodle) and its always brilliant.  The food arrives in minutes (granted, I live very close by) but its always hot, the service is friendly and the food is excellent.Back in the day (before I was a Vegetarian...in the "before time") I used to really enjoy the Lemon Chicken, Orange Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken (spicy!) Mongolian Beef, and the "Happy Family."  My roomate recently tried the Moo Goo Gai Pan and said it was delicious.  I'd say anything you get here is a sure fire win.
5	Great take out place.  I've been visiting Pearl Wok for a number of years due to review from newspaper.  EXCELLENT veggie egg foo young and sesame chicken. It is the best Chinese take out restaurant in the area.
4	21 MINUTES!! That's how long it took for delivery to get to me!  Hands down the fastest delivery I've ever experienced.  I ordered egg drop soup, crab rangoon and moo goo gai pan. All for only 15 bucks.  They threw in a free egg roll and fortune cookies.  Great place!  It's the 3rd place I've tried for Chinese delivery in Vegas and by far the best so far.
3	Lunch specials are the best. My favorite is the hot and sour soup.
1	Disgusting.
4	Been a regular here since 2004. Still my favorite chinese food in Vegas for take out. I get the Mongolian Beef or Kung Pao Triple Delight everytime!MSG free, and you can't beat their lunch specials ($5.50 + soup and egg roll).
4	Love this place! order all the time. The food is super fresh and the delivery time always amazes me! Sweet and sour combination is the best.
2	Ive been here a few times, food is pretty good. I wanted to get a delivery today but the guy on the phone was obviously in his own world. I ask for fried rice and orange chicken to which he replied soup. I said no I want orange chicken with friend rice. He replied the lunch special, I said im not sure what your special is all I want is friend rice. He said what fried rice, the rice that comes with the chicken. I hung up. Seriously? Just take the fucking order moron. Is it that hard to understand FRIED RICE AND ORANGE CHICKEN!
5	Crab Rangoons are to die for. I read the reviews but was skeptical about this place before entering. Especially about the MSG. After eating here the other reviewers are definitely not eating at the same place I was in. I talked to the owners and they assured me there was no MSG present in their food. I could definitely not taste any in there for sure. Great food, and friendly people. Good prices. Especially the lunch special! Try the place before you read some of those nasty reviews!
4	My dad and I went there for dinner tonight and It was a pleasant surprise. The food was very good and there was a lot of it. So we left full and happy. I really liked the customer service the older lady was very nice. Highly recommend this if you want to grab a quick bite. We ordered the Mongolian beef and it was awesome.
4	I love this place for their chicken lo mein. Another tasty treat is the sweet and sour chicken (with sauce on the side). The chicken with pinenuts is tasty and different. It has nutmeg in it. Their egg rolls are great. The kung pao chicken nothing to write home about, but ok. This is a great to go or pick up place. They even deliver with a minimum food order.
5	Fastest delivery ever! The food is terrific and the price hasn't change since i started coming here in 2008. Mongolian beef, ribs, pork fried rice and all their appatizers are my favorites. They also have a special spicy sauce you need to ask for and you should. You simply can't go wrong!
3	I decided to have an easy dinner and it's been awhile since I got Chinese take out.  The reviews of Pearl Wok To Go were good and I went there.I ordered the Szechuan trio which was chicken, scallops, and shrimp.  It was good but it wasn't very spicy.  I need to ask for extra spice when I order.  I got garlic chicken for my wife.  It, too, was good but there wasn't much of a garlic flavor.  There were some cut up fresh garlic in the stir fry that didn't have much taste at all.We each got a cup of soup--me hot and sour and wonton for my wife.  These were the standouts of my order.  We also got two complimentary egg rolls.  They give one with a purchase of a certain amount and I guess since we got two dinners, we got two egg rolls.The portions were large.  We have leftovers for tomorrow night.  I think I've really lost my taste for Chinese stir fry.  It just doesn't cut it anymore.
5	This place was awesome! The prices were so cheap at lunch and you received an unbelievable amount of food. Soup, egg roll, rice, and your entree for like $5. They don't serve fountain drinks (why is it Asian restaurants hate these so much?) so you have to buy a can or drink tap straight from the sink. Still I give it five stars because of the price and the taste of the food. ps the egg rolls are randomly sweet and not in a tasty way for my palette.
1	First time here and last time. I ordered chicken & broccoli and they gave me beef instead, not a problem mistakes happen.... I specifically asked for soy sauce & duck sauce along with mustard. I was told it was in the bag along with the fortune cookies. I got home and my nightmare began, order was incorrect  & missing the sauces and cookies... Not worth the headache AFTER I was reassured it was in the bag
4	I am new to the city and desperately wanted some fried rice. After driving down Charleston for a bit, my husband and I saw this place and stopped by. It was pretty late and we were the only ones there. We both ordered fried rice and some spring rolls to go. Very yummy and reasonably priced. And the woman who took our order was very nice. We will return to try something else.
5	This place has the best, fast, Chinese food in town. I say fast because upon ordering, the delivery man is at your door in what seems like minutes! We have gone here for at least 2 years and will continue to use this place as our Chinese go-to. I love the Mongolian Beef or orange chicken, while my wife gets the vegetable Moo Shu with tofu. The food is consistent and the delivery man is always cheerful.
5	This is my favorite take out Chinese restaurant in Vegas. Try the Mongolian beef, beef and vegetables and hot and sour soup. Lunch specials are only $5.95 and it comes with a soup, an egg roll and white rice. Love this place. I try to come here every time I'm in Vegas.
2	I agree with reviews below, service is lightning fast!  We got the lunch special I ordered veggie lo mein, it wasn't bad. I guess I'm more f a t his food kinda girl, flavors were pretty good, but my skirt isn't blowing.  If you've come for free Wi-Fi, u had better be charged up with a full battery because the one available outlet is dead. Not bad fo- $6.
4	Service is great and food is fast. Our favorite Chinese food. Get the Mongolian beef, in fact, get two orders. The egg rolls are great and so are the rangoons. If you're looking for that quick inexpensive Chinese food, you know, the kind that you end up eating way too much of....try it out!
5	I loved the food was a little more than im used to for chinese food but for the amount you get well worth what you pay
5	This place is delicious and are super quick with deliveries. They got our food to us in 25 minutes! It's a good amount of food and reasonably priced. The delivery guy was extremely pleasant and so was the fellow who took the order. I also really appreciate the good selection of vegetable and tofu dishes. We will definitely be ordering from here again!
1	This was the worst chinese food place I have ever ordered from. The shrimp in the house rice was super fishy and the sesame chicken and soup was super bland. Needless to say, I wont ever be orsering from here again.
4	I've been going here for years & the people are super friendly & it's great, cheap Chinese food! They are super fast - I can pick up my order in less than 10 minutes! One thing I love is you can turn any menu item into a lunch special... For $6 you get the meal, egg roll & choice of rice & choice of soup (even for to go!) They also have an entire healthy steamed section with wide array of veggies & choice of meat or tofu & I love having a healthy option!  The only reason I dropped a star, is that the storefront is tiny with just a few tables, so you basically must get your food delivered or to go. I live close so this is not an issue to me, but if I wanted the option of eating out, this is not a restaurant I would dine in. Other than that it's AWESOME!!!
4	For around $25, you can get six pounds of food. I know because I weighed our bag. Pearl Wok To GO is conveniently located to my home and work, great price to value ratio, and good flavors. Particularly the won ton soup!Lemon chicken is spot-on in flavor, and perfectly crispy because they poked holes in the box lid. Good attention to detail!Moo Shu pork is decent but not my favorite dish, served with pancakes that are reminiscent of tortillas. Healthy-seeming dish with lots of cabbage, mushrooms, and other veggies. Menu also offers steamed veggie and protein options for those seeking healthy choices.But the won ton soup. Lord. The $5 bowl is huge, has 6 plump and stuffed won tons, but the broth is the star! Perfectly savory, probably packed with MSG, topped with a ton of shredded green onion. Perfect when you're under the weather.
4	Good food, good prices and VERY fast delivery.  The food is always fresh and the egg rolls are really good!
5	I have lived here 11 years!!! I Love Pearl Wok. Great food great price. We always order Mongolian beef, orange chicken, combo low mien and crab ran goons. When sick their war wonton is awesome. The service is amazing and they have over all the years maintained great service. I have tried a few places around here and I always come back to pearl wok. The price, food and service is so worth it.
5	This place is right next door to where we live. We went here for the first time and it was really good. The people were really cool and the food was good. My sweet and spicy chicken was missing the spicy part, but no biggy. I like that they make the food to order and it's not just there waiting. We had the crab & cheese wontons (delicious), Mongolian chicken and shrimp fried rice. Everything was good (didn't know the chicken came with white rice, so we had extra rice). Beware of the ginger sauce though. It will clear every sinus you have and make your eyes water. Ijs
5	They have never messed up an order, which is huge, for over a year and a half, when I discovered them having moved from LA.  Never ever.  As well, always consistently delicious.  Super fast delivery!!!  Not pretentious, NO MSG, white meat chicken!, and best of all a super sweet staff.  Not one error ever.  That says something about a joint.  The best, and AFFORDABLE, on the Westside.  If you go anywhere else it's either for an 'atmosphere' thing.  Or you want cheap fast food Chinese like Panda Express.  Otherwise, the best in the biz.
5	My go to Chinese take-out spot. Food is always consistent, portions are large and the price is extremely reasonable. They offer many freebies but only spending the average you would at a restaurant or any other takeout place. We have been getting takeout from Pearl Wok To Go for years.
2	Order from online said 30-45minutes sadly 1 hour 10 minutes later we had cold food and greasy spring rolls. Not the best delivery service or food in Vegas. Try something else. No apologies for the late or cold food.
5	Have been here a few times and love it. Their fried rice and chow mein noodles are soo good!! Cream cheese rangoons are home made and delicious. They have really good deals for lunch specials! Must go for Chinese food/take out!
4	First off, plan to share! The portions are HUGE. The egg rolls were hot, delicious and not at all greasy. Pork fried rice was perfect. I also had the BBQ pork and the flavor was excellent. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is about 1/2 of the pork slices were either tough or fatty. Otherwise a great place to order from.
