1	People come here for the bubble tea and hotpot. Those are OK, but the rest of the food is wildly inconsistent. A lot of the food I've ordered has had an "off" taste. The bubble tea and hotpot would make up for it, but they are also quite rude here. They won't explain basic things and there have been many instances of people I know getting kicked out because they had finished their food...when there were tables free!
1	BAD! food is bad; drink is acceptable......go there only because they open til midnight.
2	When my fiancee and I went to U of I, Evo was one of our favorite restaurants. We would go there all the time for delicious bubble tea and Chinese food. I was especially found of the House Fried Rice. You would think fried rice tastes the same everywhere but the spices that Evo used and the gigantic pieces of chicken and shrimp made it out of this world.Fast forward to a few weeks ago. We took a trip to see the campus and made sure to stop at Evo. Something has really happened to the quality of the food. Except for the bubble tea, nothing really tasted the same as when we last went to Evo, and we were pretty disappointed. If we still lived in the area, we would still go to Evo for bubble teas and the occasional meal but it would not be the regular restaurant-of-choice that it once was.
5	Five Star Bubble Tea. Ok, everyone is right about the food. However, that is not the prize at Cafe Evo. Now listen, I recently moved here from Oakland, CA. The Bay Area knows alot about killer bubble tea, with tapioca pearls. No one can challenge this. But let me tell you something, Cafe Evo is the only bubble tea within a two hour drive to Chicago that is worth finding. I recommend Banana, Taro, or Coconut and you have to order it as "banana snow with pearls." Shake it up before you plunge the straw in, and try not to suck it all down in the car before you get back to work. I for one, have always devoured the whole thing before I can get five minutes back across town. Pitiful, but incredible. Oh, and don't expect them to be nice.
3	Food and bubble tea aren't consistent. Sometimes it's good and sometimes it's bad.
4	I've never had the food here, but the smoothies are tops. The cappuccino is my favorite, and though I LOVE tapioca in my smoothies, this is one time I'll skip it just because it distracts me from how amazing the flavor is!I always order before I see the sign near the counter advertising peppermint... It sounds pretty bizarre, but still, I'm intrigued.
3	Food was okay.  The smoked tofu with celery and pork shreds was okay, but underseasoned.  The spicy boiled beef was also just okay.  Not terrible - we ate the whole thing - but nothing to write home about, either.  Not thrilled with the obvious clumping from excess corn starch, either.They do have lots of space, and can be good for groups, and their milk tea with boba was good.  I'd go again, but  it's not worth going out of your way for, by any means.
2	The bubble tea is pretty good.  I'd often stop here after class and grab one to bring back home.  Food-wise, they're average for what else you'll find around in Champaign/Urbana.  That being said, unfortunately the service here leans toward poor/fair if you're white.  There, I said, it.  I'm not taking it back.  I've been here multiple times with my buddies and we were ignored or hardly waited on.  That would be understandable if we were loud or obnoxious, but we were 4 quiet white guys.  One time we went in, were seated, and nobody came to take our order.  I went up to the counter after about 15 min to ask if we could order.  In broken English I was told that someone would be there to take our order.  After another 5-10 minutes of waiting we decided to just up and leave.  Awesome.
5	The bubble tea here is simply amazing! I am from California, where they have tons of bubble tea places. However, Evo Cafe supplies the most amazing bubble tea I have ever ingested! They have a wide variety of bubble tea ranging from milk tea to slushies. They also have boba and many different types of jellies to go with your drink. This place has become one of my favorites to get my milk tea fix.
3	My friend and I were feeling adventurous one night and decided to order things we would not typically order from a Chinese restaurant.  He ordered twice cooked pork, and I ordered spicy schezuan fish.  Now this was a bit on the expensive side ($12 for my fish dish, I think the other dish was $8 or $9), but it was totally worth it.  Quantity wise, that fish dish was my dinner that night as well as dinner the next day.  Taste wise, it was amazing!  I wouldn't eat this every day since it is a bit heavy, but this was good!  Their bubble tea drinks are mediocre, and it is a bit pricey overall, which is why I give this place 3 stars instead of 5.
2	The food is inconsistent. Not the worst on campus, but overpriced, greasy, salty, nothing to compare to a place like Lai-Lai. The reason I won't go back there is that I happened to be in the restroom and I saw one of the chefs (or the cooks, not sure) going out of the bathroom without washing his hands. This is unforgivable. I don't care how good their food could be but, anyway, trust me, it's not as good as to be worth this lack of hygiene.
5	Bubble Tea it's actually pretty good, isn't what i expected. i ordered Green Tea with pearls.  Tasty!
3	After trying a few Chinese places around Campustown, I decided that I liked this place over the others. I really enjoy their orange chicken, the mongolian beef, and the beef with broccoli. Their sichuan food is also worth trying. The atmosphere is okay and the service is acceptable. My complaint is that the price is a little more than others but my favorite dishes taste better here than elsewhere so I am fine with that.
3	Alright food, alright drinks. Not really a place I'd stop by for gourmet food but still pretty okay. I'm not a fan of making drinks from syrups or powders but it is challenging to keep a full stock of fresh fruits and vegetables when smoothies aren't incredibly popular in America yet.
5	I've been to China, and this food is authentic, particularly in southern China. It's best to go in larger groups where you can share the various dishes that typically contain just 1 or 2 items. If you're a Chinese student, you'll feel at home, right down to the rotating tables that make sharing food much easier. I liked the food very much, but will only go when I have 3 or more other people to go with.
1	Food poisoning, worst taste of tea, worst service. Stay away from it for your life!We a group of 4 entering Evo for some bubble tea. We ordered coconut, taro and boba. The taste of them were terrible and we could even find the powder they used to make those tea. Coconut tasted like some out-dated milk and taro tasted like sugared water. The servers were unhappy seeing us just order drinks, not food and they paid us the worst service ever with so negative attitude. The worst part is when we got home and prepared for dinner, two of us got food poisoning. They spent the whole night to calm the pain in their stomach and vomit nothing, because they had no chance to eat anything else but those Evo tea.Please let other people read this comment, for the good of their lives!
5	chocolate bubble tea.game over.get it.
1	Wow.  Should have read the reviews and stuck to the tea.  I had the lo mein looking noodles, spicy "young' chicken and general tso.  The only thing I could get down was the noodles.  I went in because the place was packed with Asian students so I'd figure it was worth a shot.  Now I'm not feeling to good.  Note to self:  read yelp reviews first!
3	I like the tea smoked duck here quite a lot.
3	Not a super good spicy Chinese food restaurant but fair enough.
1	Even as a Chinese student, I never feel the staff have basic courtesy at all. Every day they serve you with their disgusting faces as if you never pay for your bill. When I see their faces I feel no appetite. This is the Chinese restaurant that I have WORST impression. When friends ask me to go eat Chinese, I must ask whether they are going to EVO. If they say Yes, I say No.
1	I've given Evo Cafe far more chances than it deserves. The food is hardly considered passable. The last time I was here, there was a piece of metal in my food. The bubble tea is alright, but most of them are made from powder anyway. The only things that are probably keeping this place going are the prime location and wide menu selection.
5	Big step up this semester, especially in terms of taste. Either they had a new chef or the old one just attended summer school. Definitely the best Sichuan cuisine in town now. Taste is kind of toned down to accommodate majority but you can request more spicy for greater authenticity. They also seem more careful about hygiene now with the negative reports last semester.
4	EVO seems to have gone downhill, but there is one thing they're doing right.The last time I went, I tried their spicy dry hotpot (ma la xiang guo). If you don't know what it is, try it.If you know what it is, order it.It's amazing, delicious, and about $22 a serving (good for 2 people).I've tried it at other Chinese restaurants on campus and EVO's is by far the best.
2	Never enjoyed the food here. The mango shake however is good. But thats not a good enough reason to go to a chinese restaurant, sorry!
3	Evo?! The biggest fighting game tournament of the year? No, doesn't look like it. Instead, it's a fast food Chinese joint. I have to say that their lunch special isn't a special at all since the amount of food you get is equivalent to any other Chinese fast food joint at the same price. However, I will say that what makes them unique is that they do serve tofu and a scrambled egg/tomato dish which I've never seen before in the myriad fast food Chinese places I've been to. It's also neat that the water bottles are free too.
3	Lunch portion is pretty though the selection sucks. Fantastic bubble tea. I've had most of the over rice dishes, again portions are solid and the quality is as good as anything else out there. Service is lackluster.
2	Very mediocre food but absolute rude attitude.Went once with bunch of friends and went upstairs.Waiter silently threw down the menu and walked away.Has to call like 3 times for them to show up again to get the order.
2	they raised their price again! okay so i always come here to get their lunch combo, 6 dollars something for a rice/noodle and 2 dishes + a bottle water, not bad deal. I got sick a few time after eating here, but wat can i say, (i dont know how they cook it ) but the food was good, heeeheee. (u got try that spicy diced chicken dish with bunch jalapeno, woowowow, i had it every time) yeah, so, dare to risk my life just for eating.  that's just how i roll.
1	Loved some of their food although they are expensive as hell. The biggest turn-off is super-rude behavior of nearly everyone who works there.  The waiter (who happened to the same person at the register sometimes) literally throws food items on the table without uttering a single 'enjoy your meal' or 'thank you' . The gesture almost indicates they are pissed off that I showed up in there to eat !
