5	a new concept Chinese food restaurant, good atmosphere, excellent service, which is very rare seen among its peers, good place to hang out with friends and family.
4	walked by this new Chinese restaurant couple of days ago and we came with a group of friends with our beers last Saturday night. When we were lucky to have the big table near the cashier and after some time, it was almost a full house.the food was great. Some of us had general Tao and others ventured into some authentic Chinese food. all of them are amazing.............there are TV screens....service is great....the owner was in the store at the time and talked to us.everything was perfect.....perfect for group gathering and small party.....their website is cool, got dish pics on the website.www.auntdai.com
4	Pretty good Chinese restaurant, the dishes are genuine and the price is reasonable. It's a mix of Sichuan and Northeast style. Chicken and mushroom is a very good Northeastern cuisine to try if you haven't yet.
5	The best Chinese food I've ever had!  Delicate flavors, not too oily or heavy.  I highly recommend checking out this new little family-run place.
5	Actual visits on 9/4/14 & 9/5/14.  UDON Noodles with Chicken and Veggies.  I absolutely will be a repeat customer here.  I saw the Aunt Dai awning while stopped in traffic. The yellow awning caught my eye and I was curious about the "grandma" type figure on the sign as well. It's not a large place and if it's crowded it can take some time to get your food. It was a close call to get in/out during an hour lunch break.  In any event, the food is worth the wait.
5	This place was GREAT in every aspect.  The server was very friendly when we arrived.  She saw that we brought our own wines - she gave us an extra table to chill them (we didn't even have to ask).The food was authentic (I am from China).  I picked the sweet and spicy beef and it was the real deal. The pork dumplings are to DIE for.  If you are to die,  you will die happy. The prices are really reasonable for the excellent food.They have a motto outside of the restaurant - 'Never stop improving' - I say 'Keep up the good work!'Will be back.
4	Not a fancy look but that's not what matters here. The service was really friendly French and English. The quality and flavour were awesome. The food didn't take to long and it wasn't to quick to be out of a box so you get the feel a lot is homemade and traditional. Lots of variety. I'm a Asian food lover and I will most definitely return here for another great meal.
5	The best authentic Chinese food that i have tried in Montreal! Great staff and homie environment. The restaurant is located on a main Street that's 2blocks away from metro station and plenty of parking right in front of the door. As of the food itself, it is definitely 5 star!
4	We've been here twice already and plan to return. The last time was on a cold winter night, amidst fresh snow, and to our surprise found the restaurant bustling with diners. Many Asian faces... a sign that we were in the right place for authentic Chinese food.Service was fast; our lone server literally ran from table to table, taking orders, serving and clearing, without losing his cheer.  Food was amazingly great.  We started with the double-cooked pork (Hui Guo Rou). When the meat was gone we drizzled its gravy over our steamed rice. That was how good! Another memorable dish was the dry pot chicken (Gan Guo Ji). We would have doggy-bagged the gravy too if we could! For dessert, the fried bananas topped the evening.
3	Outside of china town this is a very good option, it has all the classics on the menu along with a few dishes I had not had before.  Service was fast, and food was very good.  Definitely worth stopping in again the next time i'm in the area.
