3	Originally I was very excited when I found this place. Firstly it was full of the local Chinese, it had Chinese chefs and it actually looked like an authentic diner.Plus reviews for this place had raving reviews from both friends and others.However, I think I must have ordered the wrong things. Avoid the noodle mixed meats , it was tasteless for the most part and with most of the meats having a very bizarre texture. The Ho Fun duck (I think that was what it was called- it was a thick noodle soup) was quite good although it was mostly bones and hardly any meat. The coca cola spare ribs were interesting, although I wouldn't really order them again. The prices are high for a take out place (there are some seats but they are few), and it closes at 7pm. I am more than willing to give this place another shot though and hopefully give this place a better review.
4	Blink and you could miss this treat. HK Yum Yum is a Chinese restaurant and takeaway, offering a great range of dishes. I first tried HK Yum Yum when a friend recommended it to me. My immediate impression was not one of amazement but I'm glad I trusted that friend!Squeezed into a small space, with a few tables and a counter taking up a lot of space, it can get a little cramped. But don't be put off!HK Yum Yum also suffers from a slightly dilapidated exterior. All this means this Chinese can appear to be another unappealing, to-be-forgotten takeaway. But it's not...In fact HK Yum Yum has a great selection of dishes across a fantastic variety. It really is all very tasty! This is not typical takeaway food. Furthermore the prices are very reasonable. That there hasn't been a great amount of attention to its decor may just be a sign that it's more focused on its traditional food and perhaps a touch more genuine many other Chinese restaurants.To add, once you're in the shop, the staff and very friendly as are all those others like you who have braved the experience.Don't be put off, try this lovely little restaurant which despite appearances is a cut above the rest.
4	You had me at first sniff.  In a country where "Chinese" food is more often than not a localized affair with gelatinous gravy, bland tasting veggies, and processed meat, Yum Yum HK Diner takes you to the Orient with a fresh array of Cantonese-styled dishes. From roast pork to barbeque pork ho fun to steamed baby bok choy, you will eat like a king here and only be set back a few pounds.  You know a place is good when it's a tiny shop with only 5 tables...and there are other Chinese-speaking patrons in the restaurant.  Service is not what you come here for - it's the food, and it speaks volumes.  Go here to taste some authentic Hong Kong fare and forget about the other greasy, uninspired take-aways in the area.
2	I am again, completely baffled at the discrepancy between reviews and the reality of this place. I rarely review anything that I wouldn't give 4 stars but this place was expensive, the portions mediocre and there was little to no taste differential in anything we ordered. Things I ordered:Coca Cola Chicken and VeggiesPiPa Bean Curd and VeggiesThings that tasted like Amy E.'s definition of Chinese food here,"a localized affair with gelatinous gravy, bland tasting veggies, and processed meat":Coca Cola Chicken and VeggiesPiPa Bean Curd and Veggies(no seriously, they were completely different dishes, both tasting and looking nearly exactly the same)Things I ordered that had "VeggieS" (plural) in the title:Coca Cola Chicken and VeggesPiPa Bean Curd and VeggiesThings I ordered that came with one "Veggie" which had been boiled so far as to be unrecognizable as such: (this "Veggie" may or may not be a scallion, I had no idea)Coca Cola Chicken and VeggiesPiPa Bean Curd and VeggiesAll in all a very 'localized gelatinous gravy, bland tasting veggie, processed meat " affair. Take away - fail.
4	I love this place, used to go there quite a bit when we used to stay in newington, just went in last week and nothing's changed!Food is really good 5 stars!!!Iv never been to Hong Kong but it feels as though your actually in Hong Kong! LolThe tv, decor & signage is all pretty much authentic HK CAFE style. Staff are not the politest but it defiantly makes up for the food!It's very cheap too! Don't think iv ever had a bad meal, and the chilli oil is to die for! I think they make it themselves.Worth trying x
4	Nice restaurant for a quick lunch or dinner near George Sq. The owner/waitress is character but it only adds to the authenticity of the place. Try the aubergine hotpot, you'll come back for more.
4	A wonderful hidden gem!Set a little bit off the beaten track (a side street in Edinburgh), the restaurant only takes around 16 people but don't let that put you off. Despite the size, we had some massively tasty food!I'm not expert but given the English translation of the menu is a bit of an afterthought, I'd warrant that Yum Yum is as an authentic experience as you'll get in our capital city. Run by a husband and wife I think, he's the cook, she does everything else, the service can be a bit brisque but the extensive menu offers plenty of choice, many of which I've never tried.It's important to note the HK in the name, this is not another Chinese restaurant, the dishes are (as was confirmed by a well travelled friend of mine) authentic Hong Kong dishes. We didn't have to wait long at all, despite the fact that there were already a few people in and we'd suddenly doubled the number of people eating (there were 6 in our party), and between us we had a good mix of dishes so I managed to try most of them.I ordered a chilli fried chicken dish (can't recall the name) which was delicious. Tender strips of chicken, dusted in a salt/chilli/spice rub and flash fried (I think), which was so moreish I almost forgot about the side dishes we'd ordered. A much different taste to anything I've had before - the side dishes were all delicious as well, perfectly cooked Pak Choi, mushrooms and a generous portion of Yung Chow rice.It's a simple place, so don't expect a fancy restaurant, but for me that added to the charm and authenticity, this is very much a place that trades on the quality and authenticity of their food.It's not licensed but they are happy for you to BYOB, although the range of soft drinks and teas is pretty extensive so you may not need to bother!I'll definitely be back next time I'm in that part of Edinburgh.
3	maybe I order the wrong meal. it is a bit soupless and the rice is dry. But my friend's noodle is good. Maybe next time I will try another dish. overall it is satisfied.
