5	Was in Madison dropping off my brother for school. Heard about Wings Over from friends back in Pennsylvania. We got the Hanger 3 which was plenty of boneless wings, fries and onions rings for me, my brother, and Dad. We had the red alert and honey bbq sauces on the boneless wings. Both were great. They say they bread the chicken by hand which you can tell.  I'm usually a normal chicken wing guy but I would totally get the boneless wings again.  My brother now has his gameday food set for the season. Fast delivery and awesome fries too. Very good quality, a shame the closest Wings Over back home is 3+ hrs away ;(
3	Wings are good, burgers are fine but boring. The location is bad, because University Avenue is a boulevard, so you can only enter and exit one way. Service is good, in the store and for delivery.
5	SUPER fast delivery and delicious food.  I ordered the boneless wings and fries.  The fries are perfectly fresh and crunchy.  The boneless wings are more like chicken tenders than the smaller nugget type of boneless wings you might find at other restaurants and they're fantastic.  I got the spicy teriyaki sauce which is great with a nice kick to it, but I'll be trying their other flavors since they all sound so good.  It's a good serving for a good price.  You really can't go wrong here.  Love it.
2	2 stars for good service but the food was less than marginal.  Too bad, was looking forward to finally having good wings here
2	I was not impressed with this place. The service was not very fast and the wings were not tasty at all. The sauces, even though I went with the Caribbean jerk, tasted very much like Buffalo sauce. They have a million sauces...well not really but there's a ton. Consider this strictly a carry out or delivery place. You do not want to dine in here.I also was not a fan on how they price their wings. You order by the pound...who does that? I don't know how many wings are in a pound. Normal places usually price by number of wings. These guys price the same as Buffalo Wild Wings but are no where near the quality.I guess if you're smoozing for some bar time food, this will work if you're drunk. On the plus side, they deliver too. Overall, I probably won't be going back.
4	I've gotten take out here a few times (it's not really a sit down place). I have really enjoyed the boneless wings and was impressed they were still crispy when I got home. They have a good breading-to-chicken ratio and I really liked the sauces - hot garlic and chipotle BBQ were great.The waffle fries flavored with their various dry rubs are a nice compliment to the wings. Comparisons to BWW are inevitable, so I would say I liked the chicken/breading better at Wings - larger pieces, not overcooked and dry like they can get at BWWs (only had boneless at Wings), and the sauces are good but not as good. Also, I wish they did a better job segmenting the wings with different sauces. They use parchment paper but they can still get through when they are in the same box.
2	I am not impressed. Mind you I've only gotten the boneless wings so I can't speak for the other wings, hopefully they're better. Boneless wings: too much breading. They should sell them as chicken strips because that's what they are. The sauces are fine but nothing special. The fries are good.I'd probably give them another chance on their bone-in wings but for boneless BWW is much better.
5	I thought the bone-in wings were incredible! Not necessarily a dine-in place but have great delivery and it arrives hot and fresh! I recommend Cajun BBQ..
4	This place is great. The regular wings are meaty and a good size. The boneless wings are more like GIANT chicken tenders, but are hand battered deliciousness.Additionally, the sauce choices are expansive. They are all uniquely flavored, unlike some of their competition which have sauces that taste like different mixtures of ketchup and hot sauce. My favorite is citrus chipotle with cajun bbq being the runner up. Thanks to many work parties, I've had the opportunity to try almost all of the sauces. I have yet to find one that I disliked.The only downfall, they are not open for lunch Monday - Thursday. This greatly displeases my work place, but we love Fridays.
5	I visited Wings Over when I was in Madison for the first time ever this past weekend.  My friend and I had it delivered on a lazy Sunday afternoon.  I have to say I was thoroughly impressed with this place.  I am a major wing connoisseur and the boneless wings were very fresh and great size (sure beats the dinky ones you get at BWW).  I know they pride themselves on never frozen chicken and freshly breaded in house, and you can tell.  Additionally, tons of sauces to choose from and waffle fries on the menu!  Not only that, but late night delivery...good thing I live in Chicago, otherwise i'd be waking up every Sunday morning, walking out to the living room and saying "faaacccckkkkkk, well at least the delivery was free" ...which is a lot more than you can say in Chicago.
5	Ive lived in madison my whole life and these are best take out wings madison has ever had. I usually go with the boneless wings which are huge and never lacking on the amount of sauce you get unlike wing stop and buffalo wild wings. I eat hear about once a week honestly and I am always satisfied with the amount of food I get for my dollar 8 bucks and I usually have leftovers for later. Overall im just glad theyre here being a huge chicken lover :)
3	They're ok, if you're into breaded wings. The honey bbq sauce is pretty good.
1	So the delivery driver just drove off as I walked up to the car... Called the store and they told me that it would be a half hour for him to come back and I would still have to pay for it. Terrible service and cant even tell you how the wings are because he never delivered them. They also said they would be there in 20 minutes and came 45 minutes later.
5	Great wings. Was in Madison a couple of days ago and I needed a quick bite. Loved the wings. Get boneless, Cajun BBQ, you won't regret it.
5	I got a mad craving for some hot wings after midnight in my apartment.  I ordered some spicy garlic boneless wings online, they arrived not only hot and delicious, but fifteen minutes ahead of schedule.  True, the "boneless wings" are more like chicken tenders than what you might find at BWW, but it's good meat and not too much breading.  10 out of 10 from me.
2	I don't have a lot to say about WOM. They just weren't really good. I like my wings to be piping hot and these were just, blah. The flavors were fine but if it isn't on a bed of fresh crispy chicken it is lost to me. I only like boneless so I can't say how the reqular were. I definitely wouldn't go back or want to visit any other "wings over" place. The service was nice. They were really busy and they handled it well.
5	WoM has become one of our go-to places for us, and it has basically ruined other chicken wing places for me. Ive been to BWWs a few times recently and the boneless wings here are so far beyond Bdubs that I am surprised they're made from the same animal. I even prefer the sauces here now - go for jet fuel and Cajun BBQ for a nice combo if you're into spicy wings.I mentioned the partition thing in my first review, the wings still come in the same box, but they do a better job of segmenting the wings. Love this place.
3	Went for the first time recently. The Wings were excellent. They were very crispy and the flavors were awesome. The reason I gave it 3 stars is because we dined in and the order taking employees were very loud. I understand the all-star game was on but do we really need to clap and yell loudly in the restaurant? It was my fiance and I eating inside. I will come back for the wings just this time I'll take them to go.
4	woM is a great place for wings. Personally, I like my BBQ sauce sweeter and that is one quality I love about this place. The boneless wings are great and the crinkle cut fries are nice and crispy. They also deliver! And till pretty late which is super nice for late night cravings!
5	WoM has definitely surprised me. The delivery is always super quick, the wings always meaty and hot, and the waffle fries are a must. We go for the traditional wings typically, usually with Cajun Terayaki, Hot Garlic, Cajun BBQ or Sweet Chili. All are delicious, particularly the Cajun Terayaki and Hot Garlic. The waffle fries are great no matter what seasoning you get, my favorite being garlic parmesan and ranch. Great deal, quick friendly service, yummy food - definitely recommend.
4	Both my boyfriend and I LOVE this place. I've always received great service (whether picking up from the restaurant or getting it delivered). I've only ever tried the boneless wings and they're so good that I'm afraid to try anything else!The wings contain the perfect amount of chicken and breading. The outside of the wing is always crispy, never soggy and drenched in sauce. Love. The teriyaki and sweet chili are my personal favorites!
3	I got citrus chipotle and hot garlic flavor wings. Honestly, they were ok. I couldn't tell which was which! If you told me to guess the flavor, one would be sweet chili and the other would be just generic "hot". I came to the conclusion that they either messed up my order (which is bad) or they just made up fancy names to get people to buy their wings, but didn't actually put any effort into making their sauces (which is bad). The main thing they have going for is that they serve wings, and even bad wings are good.
5	I moved away from Madison about a year ago and though I don't miss the majority of the, typically bland, food from Wisconsin I got boneless wings from a local place in my new state and found myself craving Wings Over Madison's amazing boneless wings. Truly a major cut above the rest.Wing's over Boulder? Wing's over Denver? Any chance guys?
3	With this place being basically across the street from 2 large hospitals, they are going to get fairly steady business. As a nurse at one of those hospitals,  I have ordered from them more than a few times. Food generally arrives hot and the correct order. We wish there was more consistency with the sauces and the amounts on the wings.  Sometimes you get a super spicy sauce and the next time you order the same thing you get something much more vinegary and bland. The fries could be more crispy. They are usually quite soggy by the time they arrive. Overall we do order from here fairly regularly,  especially on 2nd shift. They are quick with their delivery.
5	I only got delivery so I can't comment on how it would be like to dine in. I tried their wings (both boneless and bone in) with several different sauces. I especially like the Teriyaki based sauces with some spice. The dry rubs I had were powdered a little too much so they weren't pleasing to eat. Since then I haven't ordered dry rubs. In my opinion you would have a better experience if you stick to juicy sauces.The prices seem to be a little high. However, you do get a lot of chicken. Once the chicken wings I had were much smaller than usual but they were nice enough to give me a few extra which definitely compensated for the difference.Prompt delivery. Kudos.
5	Love Wings Over Madison!! Wings both bone-in and boneless always taste great. My favorite flavor are hot garlic and citrus chipotle. Waffle fries rock!! Ribs are good too.Quick service, both pick up and delivery. My husband and I have moved away from Madison for about 6-7 months and we actually crave for wings from Wings Over Madison every week! It is the first thing we get when we are back in town to visit. Please please consider opening Wings Over DC!!
