2	DQ is DQ..... what else can be said.All I wanted was a dip cone.  I got my dip cone in a timely manner.  The place was clean, the employees were nice.  I was happy with my cone, but after all..... it is still just a DQ.
5	Friendly service, great food  and always very clean....this is especially impressive since this DQ sits right across the street from a High School and a block from an Elementary School!
4	Mmmm.  Milk butterfat + candy.The Blizzard is one of the great American inventions.  Nice kids staffing the place, marginally clean store, and they have soft-serve ice cream with peanut butter cups and M&Ms.  I think my pregnant wife would singlehandedly keep them in business.  It's also one of the few things our little girl will offer to spend her own money on if we can go. :o)
2	Not impressed by this place! The whole place is ran by a bunch of teenagers who just dont care. Blizzards are lacking ingredients and not mixed well. Orders get mixed up and you end up with the wrong blizzard. I love DQ but I wont go back here.
4	Thanks to my bestie, I am hooked to death on their chicken strip basket that comes with a mini sundae of your choice!  In fact, just typing this is making me hanker for it.  This is the only DQ close by to my area unfortunately, but it is a big one and very nice.  I must say though, I have found that the younger kids working here seem to hate having t make the DQ trademark coil when they pump out your ice cream.  Not cool!  :-)
5	Just got here. The nice lady took my order and out the door I went with a fantastic peanut buster parfait! Clean, fast, super nice people. 5 star!
4	I must say this is a very clean and friendly Dairy Queen. I will be back for sure. This beats the one I went to in Neepawa, Manitoba. Someone obviously had cheesesticks and a diet coke and literally sprayed the bathroom walls. I nearly passed out.
3	I was stoked to visit a Dairy Queen since they don't have one where I live in LA but I was bummed when I ordered the cookie dough blizzard and the vanilla ice cream tasted like fat free frozen yogurt from the 90s. Not a true vanilla taste, but I'd go back to try something else.
2	Ordered a blizzard at the drive thru. They put lids in everything at this location and put the entire order in a bag, so you don't see your ice cream until you have left the window. My blizzard was underfilled, and runny, and not what I ordered.
1	Horrible. They always hand me my blizzard melted and and they are very rude and always always always mess are order up. Me and my gf finally gave up on going. If your in the mood for ice cream. Try thriftys ice cream in right next to fry in that water store and the price is right. 2 scoops like 3.50. You can actually walk there from DQ
4	Very clean and well run. Food was cooked to perfection and very tasty. I recommend this DQ and the bathroom was clean as well. I take this as a sign as to some of the places I've eaten at up north in Neepawa.
3	Went through the drive thru for a mini Oreo Blizzard and mini French Silk Pie Blizzard. There was a short line of cars but we didn't have to sit for long. The Blizzards were good. I am hesitant to come here because we have had a lot of poor experiences at this location in the past, but this visit did not disappoint.
2	So I've been a regular customer for about 10 years+ and I have never had a problem arise until today. My family enjoy having Dairy Queen's ice cream cakes because the different layers that it offers and it's simply delicious and perfect for their prices!I have a pretty big family so we go through a lot of cakes in just one year. At the beginning of this month their freezer was not working for the regular ice cream cakes. But the freezer for the blizzard cakes was working. We were given the option to get a blizzard cake instead. We were content and happy that the Dairy Queen workers apologized explained what had happened and we understood that this happen! :) Today, we came back for another regular cake and there were some cakes that were melted but marked as 50% off, we were not interested. Anywho, we picked out a regular 8 in. cake from the back freezer, paid, and was waiting for the manager to come and write on the cake. Well, let's just say, our cake was suffering from waiting for so long (about 25 minutes) then she finally took the cake back. She took forever. We were standing by the counter waiting and she came out 15 minutes later to go back to the freezer in the front and she said "I dropped the cake." Okay, first off, when you're dealing with customers, you need to apologize, it will show that you actually care about your customers. Then, she just went and got a 10 in. cake ( that was partially melted) and told us "the least I can do is upgrade it to a 10 in." When you give the customer that option, please do not give me a melted cake, that is unfair. So finally she gave me a good 10in. cake from the back. I was a little upset today especially when it all came from "the manager." We used to drive a little farther from our home for this Dairy Queen for their ice cream cakes even though we live right next to a Baskin Robbins. We might not return because of this incident but we will see. I enjoy their ice cream cakes too! The young girl that helped us was understanding and great! The manager disappointed me that she did not put forth her proper manager skills. The least she could do was apologize.
