5	I love Bark Avenue because it lets me feel so good about spoiling my dogs.  I have to confess that my dogs have a blog.  My dogs have a blog that receives 3 times more hits in a day than my personal blog does.  I am one of those people, I am a crazy dog person, I admit it.  I have 2 dogs that are as close to kids as I will ever get , so when I discovered Bark Avenue I was very excited.  They only carry premium, high quality dog foods.  Nothing here was made with tainted gluten from outside of the US.  They carry a wide range of treats and chews and for folks who have their dogs on a raw food diet they offer some raw food selections.They also have a great selection of toys, leads, harnesses, beds and accessories.  They have products for cats and birds in addition to the large selection of dog items.  There are no pets for sale here, which as Martha Stewart would say, is a good thing. If you save your receipts after $300.00 you receive 10% off your purchases.  Considering I don't need to be saving for my dogs to go to college or to get their boobs done to fit in with the Scottsdale crowd,  I will probably spend $300.00 on my fur kids in no time at all!
5	Good selection of high quality dog food.  Lots of other foofy pet stuff if you're into that.  Nice people.
5	My little ball of fluffy love is one of the best things in my life.I was looking to change his dog food because I had been worried about his allergies and his lack of zeal during feeding time. He eats anything, but he hated his food. I always noticed he was prone to sneezing and wheezing after eating.I researched high quality dog food on the net and found what I was looking for...I followed links that took me to Bark Avenue Pet Supply.What a wonderful group of people! They were extremely helpful and extremely knowledgeable about their products...even going so far as to explaining why some of the food is better than others. I stuck to my original plan of trying Orijen for my dog.I also decided to purchase a small fluffy toy for Rex (the dog!). The sales person claimed  it was "indestructible". Two weeks later, that toy is looking a little worse for wear, but it's still going strong...so is my little bundle of love - he's no longer sneezing and wheezing after he eats and he relishes every bite of kibble.They also have a good selection for cats, too.If you're looking for a place that rivals Petco or Petsmart for your doggy and kitty needs, this place is it.
3	When I was first on my quest for the perfect dog food for my Miniature Pinscher (before I realised he was allergic to cooked meats, different story for a different day!)m this was one of the places I checked out.It has a fun selection of toys, collars, beds, bowls, shampoos and other things that aren't really necessary to the survival of your animal. A decent selection of raw feeding foods, and a HUGE selection of quality kibbles. The ladies here used to be very friendly but I think that now that they keep winning "Best Pet Store In Arizona" type awards it has gone to their heads. Last time I was here I wasn't even given a glance at. The prices are also horribly overpriced, and you can find the same thing for cheaper at different stores or online.
4	I love Bark Avenue so much! It is definitely expensive though and a lot of things I would love to get here are out of my price range, so it gets 4 stars instead of 5. They have ever flavor of Primal dog food (best dog food ever! but again, pricey) in all different sizes too. They have meaty bones and a lot of other high quality raw meat dog food options as well (one of the few places around the valley that do). They carry a lot of specialty items you won't find at Petsmart, PetCo, etc and the people who work there are usually very knowledgeable and friendly. They do close pretty early (6pm on M&F, 5pm on Saturday and 7pm Tues-Thurs) usually right around the time I realize I am out of dog food ;) so do be careful of that. Although it may not become a regular stop because of the price of most items I definitely recommend stopping in to check it out & grabbing a special treat or two for your pets!
5	I have an 18 month old Great Dane who has recently become very finicky during meal times. Sometimes she would eat all or half and other times she would eat nothing (She was on Eagle Pack Large/Giant breed). A few days went by where she wouldn't even touch her food.So off I went to Bark Avenue to hunt down another food that would be good for my giant breed. The women that helped me was SO helpful! She was very knowledgeable about what kind of protein and fat content giant breeds need and gave me some free samples to try out with her to see which she liked best! She even took the time to walk around to the different foods she recommended and fed her Bernese mountain dogs. Needless to say, I was very impressed and will be back very soon to purchase a bag of whatever food my baby likes best. Thanks Bark Avenue!
1	Terrible customer experience. I walked in with my mini poodle to have him try some new foods because he is a picky eater. I was kicked out because he didn't have a leash. The guy said, "it's not my policy it's the owner's policy and I saw his driving around the store today so I have to enforce it". Let me get this straight.. the reason you are throwing out a potential BRAND NEW customer who buys a lot of stuff on a weekly basis is because your owner is driving around. I could fund this guy's paycheck with what I spend on pet supplies between my three dogs and two cats. Sorry, Bark Avenue, you lost a new customer before you had one.
5	I have an cat named Lucy and have shopped at Bark Avenue Pet Supply for 6 years. The people are all friendly and knowledgeable and take time to help with decisions. We just adopted a wonderful stray dog named Max. I brought him in and they assisted with his dietary and toy needs. The food is quality and natural and I don't worry about their food having issues with recalls. I really recommend shopping here for your furry family member(s).
5	Best selection of raw and dehydrated food around.  Very helpful personnel, friendly.  Will shop here each time I vacation here with my dog.
1	The original review, written below, got yanked after 2+ years being here on yelp because of vulgar language...here it is, in its glory, without the C bomb being dropped.********************************I am not sure what happened, but somewhere around December things were getting sloppy here at Bark Avenue. I figured it was the holidays and my last trip there wasn't very pleasant - the snotty cashier who glared at me when I walked in should've been an indicator.She looked at my credit card and ID and said it should match. That is an ongoing battle with Wells Fargo for the past ten years, btw - they haven't been very good at issuing me a new card with my married name. Nevermind that my AZ DL has my maiden name as my middle name with my new last name, so you can clearly see the that I am the person, anyway, I digress. I told her that it's been a battle with Wells Fargo.The cashier merely looked down at me and said, "Next time I may not permit you to buy anything from here."*insert record scratching noise here and hit the rewind button*The cashier merely looked down at me and said, "Next time I may not permit you to buy anything from here."Ok, I did hear correctly and you did read correctly, too.WHUUUUUUUT?!Again.WHUUUUUUUT?! Whuut?!Ok, maybe holiday shoppers and family life is stressing her out, so I cut her some slack.Friends who have gone there on my recommendation have found service to be downright rude and obnoxious.I went back there last month - I've been meaning to write a review, but have been stalling - and the cranky woman's partner in crime was there. The same condescending woman from December rang up my purchases, didn't even look at me, nothing. Kept talking to her friend. I paid in cash this time...not even a thank you. No acknowledgement, nothing.Calling it like I see it - Bark Avenue is overpriced and frankly, I don't want to have to pay for poopy butt snobby, horribly DEPLORABLE AND REPUGNANT customer service.Avoid Bark Avenue. I'll drive to Scottsdale or Phoenix or order my dog's food off the internet.It's not worth the hassle. Avoid Bark Avenue. They think they're better than the others...and they're not.I had always been a staunch supporter of local businesses, but this is one local business who lost my support.
5	I love this place and would love to be able to live close enough to purchase all of my dog's food there.My mom and I found Bark Avenue when I was in town earlier this year.  One of the things I love most about it is that the staff is so well educated on pet nutrition and particularly, the contents and benefits of the ingredients in the products they sell.  My poor little one is a 3 year old Shih Tzu who has had itchy skin all her life.  Rick took a significant amount of time out of his day working with me to help me figure out what nutrition would be best for her.  We aren't 100% just yet, but I am optimistic we are on the right path because things seem to have improved.I still live on the east coast but I know my mom buys her dogs' food there.  It is nice for me that she still speaks to the staff because I am able to learn things from her about the latest and greatest.One of the benefits of shopping at Bark Avenue is that they have quite a few samples so if you have a finicky dog or a dog with sensitivities, you can try out the food before you buy it.  This has been very, very helpful for me as it appears my dog probably has allergies and I have been able to narrow down a few items that cause her trouble without spending an arm and a leg.Thanks for all of your help, Bark Avenue!  I wish you the best!
5	I made my first visit to Bark Avenue Pet Supply today.  It was great!  All 3 people who were at the store were more than accommodating and spent over an hour with me going over all my options for the best feeding tactics for my special needs kitty.  I really appreciate the knowledge and the willingness to help, it's a breath of fresh air considering the pet food store by me is run by young kids who don't seem to care or know anything about the products.  I will be back and will gladly recommend this business to my friends and clients.
5	Totally love this place. Have been going here for a year or so now to get my kitties foods. Those little stinkers eat better than me but I'm happy to give them quality food. Love my Lil fuzzies and want to give them the best. For being a specialty pet food place their prices are great! Wonderful and friendly staff always! And they also do events on the weekend for your pet. Check it out...really cool place!
5	I love this store.  They really believe in outstanding customer service.  Plus, they make certain that all their products are healthy for my furry friends.  Couldn't ask for anything better.
4	Bark Avenue Pet Supply always has what we're looking for. We adopted our cat there. They have great programs promoting pet adoption. Dogs are there on the weekends as well. They offer classes and grooming as well. It's a one stop shop.
