5	I have stayed in plenty of hostels but this one takes some beating.  Really clean, very helpful staff, great facilities and not that far from the main bits in Edinburgh.
4	It's more like a Hotel than a youth Hostel. Adam has it spot on, it's religiously clean. But those things don't really matter to backpackers, only two words can sell this place to you...HOT SHOWERS!The legends are true, they do have warm water in here. The staff are also quick to remove any trouble makers from the building, no junkies floating around the corridors late at night.I know it's subjective, but the people I met while I stayed were amazing. You will make life long friends!
4	I wish I'd found places like this when I was backpacking this time last year! It offers "5 Star Budget Accomodation", if that's not a complete contradiction of itself, or in other words it's just a cross between a very upmarket youth hostel and an ok hotel. I even spotted a conference suite when I was here, which surely isn't something that the majority of youth hostel cientele are going to need, and instead of a bar where you can order food they have a Bistro. Is that really necessary?!In fact, it's so ridiculously high-spec as far as youth hostels go that it's hard to find much to criticise about the place. It was really clean, it was modern yet comfortable, the staff were great and it wasn't expensive. So why only 4 stars? I think to call itself "Central" is a little bit of a claim and not really that accurate. Central would be in the Grassmarket in the Old Town, or around Princes Street like most of the other hostels in the city. Not in Leith.
2	Big, smelly and industrial.  It is a cheap place to stay in Edinburgh.  The dorms are swampy and unpleasant, but the double rooms are functional.
5	I must start by saying WOW Edinburgh residents are far more friendly than (some) of those in London. As soon as we got off the train, the taxi driver that took us to the hostel was more than happy suggesting places to go out and sights to see. We were then warmly greeted at the door of the Central Youth Hostel and lead up to our spacious, clean and warm 3 bed room.Through out the whole weekend we were all very impressed with the location (very central) service, food at the restaurant and 24 hour reception which was great when we stumbled home at 3am and couldn't find our keys! Would definitely stay here again on my next trip to Edinburgh, beautiful city and we most certainly be returning.
