4	A friend of mine has been recommending this place for some time. She is a big fan and is trying to  slowly sample everything on the menu. So today we decide to give it a try. Now I just wish it was a wee bit closer to our house.  You  walk in off Glendale Ave. and it's very comfortably decorated  with a clean Italian style. It reminded me of Pizza A Metro with more room , and decor.  There is a large brick oven in the front  that gives it an authentic flavor. All the servers were very nice and treated us like we have been going there forever. We ordered a  cheese pizza for my daughter and a "Italian stallion " pizza for us.  The crust was very nice chewy , with a light oven char that I really liked , a bit of tomato sauce , cheese and very different Italian sausage. Very tasty. My daughter loved her pizza , she was thrilled , I was afraid it would be too upscale for her. But she was so enamored she about bit my husband hand off when he reached for a piece. We are  anxious to try some of  the  other items , they brought a basil and cheese pizza by our table that smelled heavenly. we also saw some great pasta dishes at other tables.
4	Well, at  first I thought  this might be a BUST,  and had it not been for the lovely gentleman Danny and his guest Lindsay with whom we sat next to , it would have been. We entered the pizza place because all the raves we had been hearing about the pizza, to our diappointment we where greeted by the hostess, with " we are out of Pizza", how the heck do run out of pizza, this we said to one another. So we asked for a menu and sat down at the closest table to see what we might like to try, the stuff crab shrimp as an appetizer looked fantastic the couple next us had just received, so we decided to try it and a ceasar salad with grilled chicken.   Not but 5 min after we order the waitress comes back to say " we are out of stuffed shrimp too!", Holy cow what kind of joint are you running. This is where it gets good, Danny- the gentleman next to us , offers of the last shrimp from their order and says" don't worry we ordered THREE pizzas- we will share them with you, just order something else to try" with that we ordered a meatball sub.  Thanks to Danny we had the cheese pizza- AMAZING,the vegitarean- ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS, and the white pie-YUM YUM, as for the ceasar it was a 3 out of 5, the dressing needs some work but the grilled chicken was really great, and the meatball sub was just average.  We will definately go back , the pizzas' are FANTASTIC
5	I must say the freshness and and the taste of the pizza here is going to give bianco a run for his money..!!! We had 2 different pies but the clincher has the meats that hey use on there pies wow... When I got the check it was almost half of bianco's price with out all the wait time. I will be back.
2	Review Disclaimer :  I have NOT tried their pizza.  Allrighty then... I've eaten at La Piazza al Forno twice now and had a pasta dish both times.   The first time was clams over linguine in a spicy red sauce, the second the chicken pesto lasagna.  Big MEH.   I've worked in the glendale area for about 10 years and have seen this location reincarnated a few times, with LPAF as it's most recent scion.  I'll have to say it's probably the best thing that has ever filled said space, but I don't think it merits the praise it's been given by the locals, by other Yelpers and certainly not that of Guy Fieri of DDD. ( The restaurant advertises the fact that Guy visited them.  With a big vinyl banner outside... and on their menus.  I totally agree... this place does NOT qualify as a diner, a drive in or a dive.  I mean come on, did you see the  episiode?  It looked like Guy was faking his food lust for the cameras.  You can't fake that!  Food is like porn to senior bleach bucket.  Seriously.)Anyway, both pasta dishes I had were average.  Nothing to write home to mom about.  There service was good at the restaurant and the owner was nice to me.  I just wish the food was better.  Again, I have NOT tried the pizza, so perhaps my two star rating is a bit hasty.  The lasagna feels like a fire roasted brick in my tummy. I will stick with Uncle Louie Pizza up north.
3	I admit we went for the hype.  Guy Fieri of Food Networks Diners Drive In's and Dives visited the restaurant and the hubby and I were intrigued.  We live on the West Side and when hype comes this way we jump.  We went on a Saturday - had no problem parking.  Walked a little way to the restaurant was seated immediately.  We got a seat right next to the kitchen and got to see everything. The joint itself is tiny.  The wood oven only allows one pizza @ a time and the oven as well.  The guys and gals behind the counter have this organized choreographed chaos going on.  It was busy the night we went they didn't stop for a second.  Hustle and bustle.  We ordered a capese salad (my fave), the baked spaghetti pie and two different pies.  It sounds like a lot but it soooo wasn't.  The caprese salad is missing for me a little balsamic vinegar to tie everything together.  It was good but not something I have to have when we go back.  The spaghetti pie was delish.  What makes this thing delish?  The star of the whole thing is the bits of mozz cheese.  They were hidden.  It's like getting the baby out of the king cake.  You find a bit of mozz and it was ooey and gooey.  BINGO!  The pies are ok.  We got the white pizza and the Italian Stallion.  The stallion is our prized pony here.  It was delicious.  We also got dessert.  We ordered a piece of cheesecake and a cannoli.  The cheesecake was very different.  It tasted like a souffle almost.  It was that delicate.  The cannoli was standard.  Before we left I went to the ladies room and outside of the facilities is a poster board with a bunch of pictures from when the tee vee show visited and the fun that they had.  My hubby was standing @ the door with our leftovers and my purse when I exited and told me that someone famous had just entered the restaurant and he couldn't remember his name all he said was they kept on calling him Al.  I didn't know what to expect surely my hubby would recognize Al Pacino!?!?!?  Turns out it was Al McCoy the voice of the Suns!  LOL.  He's a big fan and has a regular table.  There was a prom that night and his normal table was not available.  We gave him ours.
4	Holy crap their pizza is fucking good.  I had the "good fella" with proscuttio (sp?) ham.  Holy monkey ! l I ate over half the pie, I was almost sick., but could'nt stop.  Consider my foot inserted in my mouth for prior review... though I don't think I'd ever order their pasta again.
4	We drove 45 mins from east mesa to meet up with friends.  Well worth the drive for a few reasons.   Pizzas are FRESH,  simple, and loaded with flavor.  We had:1.  Mediterranean (pesto, fresh mozzarella, and sun dried tomato) 2.  Bianco , (white pizza with garlic, basil, feta and mozzarella).  I love  wood fried pizza where it is soft  with just the right amount of crisp.  I tried a slice of the veggie from our friends but it was a little bland after eating the power punching flavor of the other two.  Also had a bite of the seafood pasta with red sauce, not too shabby either but this is a pizza place for sure.This place is the perfect example of food done right.  When you combine fresh and really ripe ingredients with great cooking techniques you end up with a damn near perfect pizza.  The service was fine and the son who was featured on Triple D even came over to ask how our food was.  We will definitely be back for seconds.
4	La Piazza Al Forno, LOVE IT!!!Wife and I tried this place after driving by it several times, but after seeing Guy on DDD (Diners, Drive-in's and Dives) and glad we did!Amazing pizza and the Chicken Pesto Lasagna was really good and not like anything I had before.  Count on it, we will be back!!
5	This place is amazing.  The pizza is very comparable to pizza in Naples, where pizza was originally born!  Simple toppings but still very flavorful.  The crust of the pizza was a perfect flavor.  I got the Margarita pizza and it was a little soggy in the middle but I think they might use canned tomatoes, but the tomatoes were still really good!  Fresh doesn't always mean better and tastier.  We got calamari and it was lightly battered which was different and very good.  The squid was very tender too.  There were also thick shreds of parmesan cheese on top.  I love parm cheese!  The lasagna had loads of meat, mostly sausage too.  It was lightly cheesed which I didn't think I would like because I love cheese.  It was still very good!  The linguine frutti di mare had tons of seafood as well.  The red sauce for it wasn't that flavorful though.  I wished I asked before we ordered because the pasta dish that was on DDD was the spaghetti pie, which was the special for the Friday I was there!  Darn it!  It looked so good when Guy Fieri was eating it.
4	Great food great price. Went to try La Piazza after seeing an episode of Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive in's, and Dives. Turns out La Piazza is less than a mile from my house! Bonus! We went around 3:30pm since I am up at 4 am my dinner starts earlier than most. However the restaurant closes weekdays between 3pm and 5pm one thing that I didn't like. Oh well we window shopped in downtown Glendale and waited for them to reopen. When we returned at 5pm there was a line to get in. We were seated right away. Our waiter Michael was very friendly and told us of the specials. This night it was Spaghetti pie. He told us that they do not make the pie on a regular basis. It is made on a whim some days they have some they don't it is not on the menu. Let me just say YUMMMMMMMMY! It is HUGE! Spaghetti with bits of cheese throughout served with a very flavorful marinara sauce and it's delicious! We had the veggie pizza as an appetizer and it was fantastic the crust was incredible. My friend had the Rigatoni Al Forno - Rigatoni noodles, grilled chicken, broccoli, sundried tomatoes, artichokes, garlic and olive oil topped with mozzarella! Winner winner pasta dinner! If you have never eaten here go right now! Unless it's between 3pm and 5pm Monday through Friday. They are not always opened on Sundays either so call ahead. Also be aware that if there is more than one person at your table your food may come out seperately. They want you to get your food hot and fresh. So as soon as they have made it you get it.I will definately return.
4	We found this restaurant by watching DDD, and while it is a bit of a trip, we planned it one day to go for a mid-day lunch, best time with a 2 year old after her nap.  Well, not here it is not.  Found out that they often close mid-day to re-supply.  Wish I knew that before showing up with a hungry wife and daughter.  We waited around downtown for an hour with some cranky family, but once we got the food, it was well worth it.We got the Italian Stallion Pizza, which was good, but if you don't really like lots of meat, I would stay away from it, it's quite loaded with meat, but still very tasty.We also got a really good Pasta dish, nice combination of broccoli, chicken and penne with a light sauce.The staff did as much as they could with the first rush (which we were part of) and often making sure my 2 year old got plenty of bread to keep her happy.Since I have business meetings in downtown Glendale from time to time, I'm betting you will see me return, just well planned out on the timing next time.
5	When Guy Fieri of Food Network's "Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives" visited this little known entity in old downtown Glendale, I thought twice, three times, OK...I had to go see the guys from Jersey who like all other easterners come west and say they are going to make a killer pizza, but usually end up with the usual corrugated cardboard with flavorless cheese food and a red spot called sauce.My search has finally ended. This place blew me away with their wonderful La Piazza Verde with it's tasty carmelized onions, mushrooms, roasted peppers and....drumroll....Arugula! It was a flavor savior and I enjoyed every bite! My wife had the Margherita and she loved it too with it's fresh mozzarrella and tasty basil. Friendly atmosphere. Great service. Reasonably priced. Make sure you get to try one of their chocolate covered cannolis. To die for, but don't! You want to come back for more!
2	The service was great, however the pizza wasn't the best.  We ordered the "All meats" pizza and noticed it was undercooked and full of grease.  I literally could have filled a shot glass of grease with the amount that came off the slice. The location was great, however during the summer time it seemed a little muggy within the restaurant.  The desserts were great, I had the tiramisu, but I probably wouldn't come back for the pizza.  I think the pizza is comparable to SAUCE but more pricey.
5	Loved it. We had the mediterrenean pizza and added artichokes. Added a bottle of pinot grigio and it was just devine.The 12" was perfect for us (both light eaters) I come from having a Northern Italian grandmother who owned a pizzaria. Piazza Al forno is the real deal. Very friendly and casual. I will be back and bring friends.
4	La Piazza al Forno in Glendale is a great brick oven pizza spot in downtown Glendale. I will admit it was a bit difficult to find at first because my navigator sent me to a pizza place about half a block down the street at first and the sign for La Piazza is merely red lettering on the beige brick front.  Me and the fiancee arrived around 3:00 and were sat within 2 minutes. We were only delayed because they had to wipe a table down for us.  No less than 5 people greeted us when walked in which was nice. We had never been but felt very welcome.  We ordered the calamari (8.50), which was great with a nice garlic marinara for dipping. We also ordered the 14" Italian Stallion Pie which is topped with Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Sausage, Pepperoni, Prosciutto di Parma, and Sopressata ($16). The two of us were able to eat about 75 percent of the pie (hooray, cold pizza left overs) and decided to save some room for some homemade dessert. Man we were glad we did. We ordered the Chocolate Cannoli ($3.50) which was delicious and different. Neither of us had ever had a chocolate cannoli in the past and if there wasn't about a half dozen other choices to try in the future it would be a definite order again in the future. The service was great and all the food was served extremely fast, even with the place full. All and all a great place and somewhere we will be visiting again in the future. It has to be the best pizza I have had in the Northwest valley.
3	My niece and I were shopping in downtown Glendale one rainy Saturday and stopped by for a pizza. Right when you walk into the front door there is Guy's (food network) signature so we figured the food would be fantastic. The pizza wasn't fantastic but it was pretty darn good. The service was great and the staff was friendly. I would definitely eat there again.
3	8/11After visiting Cerreta's candy factory, I thought I'd knock another eatery off my list of places I've wanted to visit for many years.  La Piazza joins the ranks of Matt's Big Breakfast and Pizzeria Bianco as being the only places, that I can recall, where there was a wait to get in!  No, correct that, THIS is the only place I can recall, in the US, where I've been to that there was a crowd waiting to get in before store hours began.  Correction, again: La Piazza and Todai (in Schaumburg, IL) are the only two places I've visited, here in the US, that I can recall that had a line of people waiting to get in, in my last 20 years of life thus far.  I can't claim that I've lined up at Matt's or at Pizzeria Bianco before they opened for business...What a cute place!  Really liked the atmosphere here (wine cabinet, murals, brick walls, etc.), and the staff seemed to enjoy their jobs.  Well, most of them did, anyway...  But why don't we just get straight to the food?!  Hmm?I ordered the La Piazza Bianco http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Dnh48f029YNugtMKkkI-Q?select=Oadu8QvsrHJU-4PMfLTjYw#Oadu8QvsrHJU-4PMfLTjYw, which is comprised of ricotta, fresh mozzarella and basil, garlic, and garlic butter sauce.  The cheeses looked so beautiful and exquisite (!), but the pizza came out charred in so many places.  Unfortunately, there wasn't a hint of crispiness to its crust ANYWHERE, and this is no exaggeration.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Dnh48f029YNugtMKkkI-Q?select=fV3E74fisRXUvjU85CalOQ#fV3E74fisRXUvjU85CalOQ  The pizzaiolo's excuses for the lack of crispiness were that the fresh garlic sauce and homemade cheeses caused the crust to be more soggy than his other pizza varieties, and bec. the restaurant just opened, so that the brick oven was not hot enough.  His mother offered to have another pizza done, as she didn't want to see anyone dissatisfied.  I asked if perhaps rolling the crust a little thinner would be possible.  The second pizza was clearly much better... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Dnh48f029YNugtMKkkI-Q?select=sbGKg7yJwLmX4wlhWsEJRQ#sbGKg7yJwLmX4wlhWsEJRQ  Loved the thinner crust, and the crust's edges on this one were crispy!  (The butter garlic sauce caused the main areas to be soggy, but at least there were crispy areas.)   I wish I could've videotaped handling the slice of pizza of the first one... it folded without the slightest crunch or flakiness.  If you're a crispy thin-crust lover, I suggest you specify this before ordering from here.  While my beef was due to the sogginess of the pizza crust (I didn't even mention the burnt areas- I didn't think there was any need to!), the ingredients, however, were of high quality!  I was so disappointed that the matriarch took the remaining slices away- I only had about one and half slices' worth of toppings to enjoy :'(  Most places I've been to that offered to correct grievances left the original items on the table, gratis.  She did, however, offer complimentary dessert.  Their cheesecake is fantastic!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Dnh48f029YNugtMKkkI-Q?select=dUlITiNdAY5kue075cevJQ#dUlITiNdAY5kue075cevJQ
4	Awesome pie. Went for lunch after the lunch rush so didn't have to wait. I got the Bianco and loved it, I probably shouldn't haven't eaten the whole thing by myself but just couldn't stop. Service was very attentive and I'm looking forward to coming back again!
2	I dropped in here after hearing Sir Terry Pratchett speak the the Glendale Council Chambers.  I was a little wary of stopping in, since I had to be back at school in about an hour.  I know brick oven pizza isn't really the quickest meal, but I wasn't hating myself quite enough to stop for fast food on the way back up north.  I'd just heard too many good things about the place to not at least give it a try.I ordered their white pizza (the idea of fresh mozzarella was too good to pass up) almost immediately upon sitting down.  I really lucked out too, because moments after I ordered, the lunch rush began.  Well, they staff behind the line are good because even with the flood beginning, my pizza came out in what seemed to be record time!Sadly, after all I had heard about the place, the pizza itself fell flat.  The toppings were fine, the cheese was good, but it all tasted kind of bland.  I know, I know.  White pizza, not the paragon of flavor, but it still should have had SOME presence on palate.  I wonder if my expectations for the place were too high, considering I've seen lines outside this place sometimes (it's another Diners, Drive-In, and Dives star).While I was glad I had tried it, I still felt like this was another place that was undeservedly hyped up.  I hear that the pasta is good there too, so maybe I'll give it another try in the future.  My trust in the Food Network, however, is definitely waning.
5	I'm going to have to reconsider ordering pizza from anywhere else after eating here. I must have made it at the perfect time, because there was not another soul in the place besides the staff and the friend I brought with me. We had the Italian Stallion and I've never eaten a more delicious, scrumcious(if this isn't a word, it should be), amazing pizza in my years on this earth. If it wasn't so far from home I would probably eat there every day until I started growing pizza from my ears.I don't know what else to say besides, GRAZIE!! (According to google, this is Italian for Thank You)
1	Ok dont believe the hype! After reading all the reviews and seeing this place on Dinners, Drive ins & Dives I was very excited to eat here. Well VERY DISAPOINTING! What is Italian about pita bread? Everyone knows pizza is based off its crust and this was not crispy even thou it was burnt. If I folded it in half it would have been a gyro. No pizza sauce and tasteless toppings. I just dont believe how people love this place, but then again Dominos is still in buisness. I guess its personal prefrence. I would have been more happy with a totinos for $1 or a microwave pizza. The pasta dish we got we felt the same way about, tasteless and just a few veggies and a few  pieses of chicken and agian no flavor. Well I think Guy was wrong about this one. If you want good pizza worth going out for its all about Pizza Bianco or Grimaldis.
5	Saw this joint on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and immediately jumped in the car to check it out.  Nestled in Old Town Glendale this is the place to go for great pizza in Arizona.  I'm mad at La Piazza because now I can't order pizza from anywhere without comparing it to this place.  I'm constantly haunted by this place because it's so freaking awesome!!We ordered the shrimp appetizer and bruschetta, both of which were fresh, perfectly cooked, absolutely delicious and arrived quickly despite poor and confused service.Then we ordered the Italian Stallion and White Pizza.  The Italian Stallion has several different meats on it, one of which I have never tasted anything like it.  I believe it is the fresh Italian supressetta and Proscuito that puts it over the top -- along with the pepperoni and sausage.  DELICIOUS!The white pizza is basil, garlic, ricotta and mozzarella and while the combination is simple, the taste is very surprising in that the flavors are robust and fulfilling despite the lack of ingredients.The first time we went, both of us loved it.  The 2nd time, my wife was less impressed, however I am still a huge fan of this  joint!  Guy was right.UPDATE:Went back and tried the baked spaghetti... eventhough we could tell is had been cooked much earlier and reheated, it was very good.  The red sauce is among the best I've had, a classic southern Italy recipe just like grandma used to make.  You can't go wrong with anything at this place... well, except maybe the service.  Let's just say that hiring within the family isn't always a great idea.
5	Glendale! Really? Yes!!!This place will make the few minutes it took to get out to Glendale SO worth while. Mama I will talk this place up and thanks for the great recommendations! The White Pizza was killer (got to love the butter though)Hey Girl! Love you Sandra
4	Very good pizza. I had the Italian Stallion. If you love meat this is your choice. Crust cooked very well in the wood burning oven. Pretty good lunch crowd. Service was good. My only complaint is that the smallest pie is 12". Great for 2. Too much for one. While cold pizza is great at 7 AM after sleeping one off, it is so much better when still retaining original heat. Maybe if they offer a single serve pie lunch could stay under $20 for one.
3	I was sorely disappointed by La Pizza Al Forno. For starters, there was a large line and the service was very slow. I know this is because of their popularity but you'd think that it would be due deserved and hence worth these fallbacks. There hours are a bit strange too. I'd imagine that if they were doing such good business that they'd want to be open as much as possible. They close daily from 3PM-5PM and close for the night at 8:30PM. They are also closed Sundays and Mondays. To further add to it, I was not given silverware nor napkins, ever, and my water was not refilled once. Every request seemed to be a problem and my waitress was extremely hard find.Getting to the pizza...it was just alright but nowhere near what it is lauded to be. The crust was slightly, I won't say undercooked, but not crispy enough. I had the Mediterranean which is a creamy pesto sauce, mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes and feta cheese. I was debating between this and the classic Margarhetta but the waitress talked me out of it. She adamantly stated that it was better. I wish I had gotten the latter. The pizza was just underwhelming, nothing stood out and the flavors didn't pop at all, nothing really hit me and it was all sort of bland. You'd expect pesto to have a kick but it was as if it had almost no garlic. The cheese was generic tasting mozzarella and the feta didn't have a bite either. Even the sun dried tomatoes umph and I'm a huge fan of sun dried tomatoes.I hate to be a downer but it was just okay, and when you claim to be one of the best, being just okay is actually a downfall. I would not go here again.  Unfortunately I think that they have fallen victim to their success. It just felt as if the staff weren't working well together and the place wasn't running smoothly. Maybe I was just there on a bad night, maybe not. They had trouble getting food out in a timely matter and pleasing the patrons. I believe that because of this they then send out less than par pizzas. There was a joint a block away that serves by the slice and I bet I would've been much more happy (and saved a few bucks) over there.I have photos and a more in depth review on my personal blog.
4	The food was awesome and their service was great! we got our food brought to us within 15 minutes during a busy time. The only complaint that we have is that if you don't have your whole party with you don't bother to show up and get a table. The whole party has to be there before you are able to be seated. Also, it closes between 3 and 5. We ordered three different pizzas. We had the margarita pizza, Italian stallion and the white pizza. They were all very good but my favorite was the white pizza. The pumpkin cheesecake is amazing but very delicate.
4	After reading everyone else's reviews before making my way to La Piazza, I prepared myself for poor service and possibly bland pizza. Sorry guys, but you are way off. I arrived at noon and got seated right away. The waiter was attentive and had NO problems there either. The pizza was delivered hot and quick to our table. We ordered a pie with Schrieners sausage and carmelized onions and it was VERY good! Now I am not saying it's the best I ever had, that will always go to Sunrise Pizza in Rye, NY...but I would put this certainly in the top 10 in AZ.This is a very casual place and could probably use some updating on the decor, but the pizza is good and I would certainly make my way back here.
3	Food was good, I had the Frutti de Mare with red sauce and boy it is spicy, so be warned. Everyone else ordered the Spaghetti Pie, which was the special that night. It was OK, my mom's is better. The service was good, but the wait for a table was over an hour. Of course if was a Saturday night and they are having Glendale Glitters so it was really busy. The pizza is good, I have had it before, I am not the biggest wood fire pizza fan, because it is always burned on the bottom!
4	After reading the Italy chapter of "Eat Pray Love", I am all about finding delicious authentic pizza and experiencing the same bliss the character in the book did while eating it. I would say this is probably as close as I have come in the states. Homemade mozzerella cheese, fresh basil, perfectly seasoned marinara, giant meatballs, chewy crispy pizza crust. We had the spinach salad which comes with a warm onion bacon vinagarette, and the margarita pizza. We had to order a second pizza it was soooo good.  It was a great atmosphere and friendly staff. Our waitress was very helpful and had a comfortable manner.  She did include the gratuity, which is poor taste to me, so watch out not to pay a tip twice. (Other than that I loved the place.)
4	I don't care for the "baked pasta" they're known for...but the pizza is fantastic!   The Italian Stallion is the best...delicious crust, fresh sauce and mozzarella, and thick cuts of meat.   MUCH better than Bianco...and at La Piazza, there's no absurd wait or attitude....just good food.Only problem with La Piazza is their hours.   They close from 3-5 everyday, and on Sundays (I think).  So you have to call before heading over.   Well worth it though!
3	The phrase "Guy ate here" seems to be popping up quite a bit around the Valley.On the hunt for some great Italian food, it's no surprise that Guy Fieri, of the Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, found La Piazza Al Forno, one of downtown Glendale's independent eateries.If you've never been to downtown Glendale, it has a certain untouched-by-progress charm that's worth seeking out. There are antique and gift shops, historic homes and a choice of interesting places to eat.Owned by chef Justin Piazza, La Piazza is all about comfort Italian. The menu might be small but it packs a wallop, offering a range of pizzas, pasta and a handful of salads. I went hog wild because there were so many things that I wanted to try, and at their low prices I indulged.Might as well start with something light, like the Spinach Salad ($8), which is covered in a warm bacon vinaigrette and topped with feta cheese. The spinach was super fresh, showing the commitment to the best and newly picked ingredients. Considering the meager cost of this huge salad shared by two hefty eaters there is some serious value to be had here.Antipasti offerings are kept simple, with only a handful of choices, but one caught my eye. I was elated with each bite of Fried Ravioli ($8.50). Breaking through the crispy pasta revealed an inside filled with a molten cheesy heaven. This come with a side of tomato sauce for dipping and once you get started with these bad boys, it's hard to stop.Based on the name alone, anything called Spaghetti Pie ($9) is worth ordering. So I was tickled when the massive slab of baked spaghetti resembling a brick was set onto the table. Spaghetti was layered with cheese and finished with a tomato sauce cream sauce that was so satisfying. The spaghetti pie was a daily special, but from other visits it's pretty normal to see it featured.Their pizzas are baked in a wood-burning oven. Preparation takes only a few minutes and the intense heat slightly chars and crisps the pizzas. The Italian Stallion ($16), in all of its meaty goodness, is covered with fresh mozzarella, pepperoni, sausage, prosciutto and sopressata. For some, all of this meat might sound excessive, but the distribution and amount create a balance of cheese, meat and crust, making each chewy bite a pleasure.Guy Fieri has taste you can trust, proving himself once again with La Piazza al Forno. During peak dinner hours there will be a line out the door. If you want to avoid this, go for lunch the odds are you'll be seated right away.
4	So we decided to make the trip to Glendale to try La Piazza. When they say you should call ahead for parties of 6 or more, they aren't kidding. It is pretty small in there and it fills up quick. Luckily, that just gave us an extra 15 minutes to look over the menu. So many decisions to make!There were so many things we wanted to try; we decided to forgo the appetizer, and get two pizzas as our appetizer. We did the Italian Stallion and the Veggie, both were delicious! Then we all ordered an entree. The Chicken Pesto Lasagna and the Ravioli with Tomato Cream Sauce were my favorite! I can't wait until we can go back and try all of the other things we wanted to get!
5	What a Trattoria!! Very friendly wait staff a warm family atmosphere. The food is exquisite and priced well.
5	I noticed the reviews here were mixed...you either love it or hate it. I had passed this place long before Guy ever showed up and was pretty impressed with their menu. I just never had the chance to eat here because I'm either here in AZ or somewhere else.Luckily, I was here in AZ and finally got to experience it. Went with a friend and we split the fried calamari and the Italian stallion between us. I had the chicken caesar salad and she had the spinach salad.First off, hats off to them getting the calamari right - it wasn't over done and rubbery. WOO HOO! Lovely delicate blend of spices and a lovely batter that just left me completely satisfied.Salads arrived as we were finishing up the calamari and the salads cost about 8 or 9 a plate and were absolutely delicious. My only complaint is that if you're charging that much for a salad, be a little more generous with the greens, ok? I love my salads and I was a bit bummed that there wasn't enough green on my plate. Finally...that pizza...The Italian Stallion...holy mother of...oh baby. LOVED the dough. Loved the whole pizza. LOVE LOVE LOVED the fact that the sausage had a surprise kick of spice. It was gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous.Our server kept the table stocked well with water - another bonus. She was attentive without being overly obnoxious and we never had to worry or wait for things. YAY!Overall, what a wonderful experience...I definitely would come back and I can't wait to go back, too.
4	known this place before "guy fieri" showed up...  this place is either you love it.. or not..  i honestly think.. everyone has different perceptive when it comes to how pizza is suppose to be made..  some like it brick oven style.. some like conventional oven..  me.. i have preference..i love their "la piazza bianco" aka "white pizza"..  garlic butter sauce, ricotta, fresh mozzarella, garlic and fresh basil.. wow! makes your taste buds scream for more!!their pizza is never consistent.. meaning.. it is being cooked in the brick oven.. so there will be burn spots bottom of the pizza.. some people don't like how it is cooked.. but as i said.. brick oven style is little different from your traditional pizza.. you will noticed some of the interior design resembles "quiznos".. well it used to be quiznos subs before la piazza took over.. anyways.. their cheese is always made fresh daily..  you can taste the freshness..i wish they made their ice-tea fresh....  owner said, they stopped making them because it was too much of work..  oh well.. i can live without fresh tea!! when you order pizza.. don't look at the bottom of the crust....  it will be burnt.. and that's normal..
2	I've eaten there four times since they opened.  The first time was during opening week.  Food was excellent.  I had seafood.  My wife had white pizza.  Both excellent.Second time was about six months later.  Just me.  Had spaghetti and meatballs. Meat was freezer burnt.  Not good.Third time was perhaps three months later.  Wife had white pizza and I had the meat pizza (some stupid name with the word stallion in it or something).  Meat pizza was ok.  maybe medium good.  They put the toppings that they would on a medium pizza and put them on a large and tried to pass it off as a large pizza.  Had a two to three inch ring around the edge with no toppings of any kind.   This was on a Sunday and the owner was more interested in watching the football game on the tv than in what he was doing.  Perhaps he can use that as an excuse.  When my wife asked about the scarcity of toppings, the owner said everyone likes them that way and he always does them that way.  Tell that to a woman who has had the same pizza before and knows the difference.Fourth time we went, hoping things had gotten better, they had a bit.  The meat pizza was same old thing you can get anywhere.  Wife thought her white pizza this time was very good.  Seems like the quality of food you get depends on what's on TV and how much the cook (owner) has his head in what he's doing.  Reviews from the Republic may have given him a sense of immortality....don't know.Would I recommend?  No.Would I avoid?  No.  It's just a place to go to if its convienent to do so.
4	Every time we go to Arizona, my boyfriend insists on going to this place.  Cute little joint w/inside and outside seating.  Pizzas are good and reasonably priced.  They were featured on diners & dives, which is awesome.  We had the piazza bianco - white pizza, roasted garlic, mozzarella cheese and huge spoonfuls of ricotta cheese w/fresh basil - a tad bit bland but great crust.  If the garlic wasn't roasted and was more sharp it would be better.The meat pizza was awesome.  The meats included sausage , pepperoni and proscuitto - very good.    The crusts are very good.Service is great and the folks are friendly.
4	Located in downtown Glendale directly across the street from Murphy Park this place serves up some great wood fired pizzas.  The owner/maker of the pizzas puts love into each pie making it a creation that will surely make your stomach happy.This place is definitely worth it if you happen to venture to the west valley of Phoenix.  Perfect place before a concert/sporting event at Jobbing.com or attending one of the many festivals in downtown Glendale.La Piazza al Forno is definitely a staple to the area as being a restaurant that serves up great quality food.
5	La Piazza Al Forno Gourmet Brick Oven Pizzeria and Italian Kitchen  Dining Review By LeeAnn Sharpe La Piazza Al Forno Gourmet Brick Oven Pizzeria and Italian Kitchen, 5803 W. Glendale Ave., in Historic Downtown Glendale. 623-847-3301 Hours Mon-Thur Lunch 11am-3pm Dinner 5pm-8pm, Fri-Sat 11am-9pm Select Sundays. Website: www.lapiazzaalforno.blogspot.comTheir menu states, "Our passion is crafting delicious Italian meals using simple time honored recipes... Just like the original Pizzerias and Trattorias of Italy, La Piazza is a place for friends and family to gather for good food." It was just by chance that my friends and I ended up at La Piazza. But what a fortuitous chance that was. Just south of Murphy Park at 58th Ave & Glendale, it's tucked away in an almost hidden store front. The food was excellent and the people very friendly. And the prices were very moderate with generous portions. We all started off with a side salad of mixed greens, cherry tomatoes, cheese and cucumbers with a nice Italian dressing, $3. A basket of Italian Bread was $1.50. They offer a short beer and wine list. We had a nice house red wine $5.25 glass. They also offer Calamari $7, Shrimp $7, and Bruschette $3 for Appetizers and a good variety of salads as well. My favorite has always been Chicken Marsala and its one dish I always compare at any new Italian restaurant. The Chicken Marsala is a grilled chicken breast topped with mushrooms in a Marsala Wine Sauce with a side of pasta $10. It was delicious and large enough serving to make two meals. It made a great lunch the next day! Spaghetti with Marinara Sauce $7 or with Meatballs or Italian Sausage $9, both were tasty and filling. My friend is sensitive to too spicy foods, but enjoyed the meatballs saying they were just right. Just like Momma used to make! Another had the Italian Sausage and was very pleased with the taste and texture. Some places are too greasy, but these were perfect and flavorful. The menu offers Ravioli $8, Parmigiano $8, Scampi $12, Linguine $10, Rigatoni $10, Lasagna $9, and Fettuccine Alfredo $8, as you would expect from any respectable Italian restaurant. They offer a selection of sandwiches including Meatball $6, Sausage & Peppers $6 and The Godfather $6. But saving the best for last, you have to try their pizza! The wood fueled brick oven pizza brings you back to the classic pizza of years past. The crust has texture, volume and flavor to it and is crispy and tasty. Fresh ingredients like mozzarella, ricotta, basil and garlic generously top a pie you can pick up in your hand and feel some weight. They offer a nice menu of "Specialty Pizzas" with a wide selection of traditional (not designer) toppings for only $11 for the 14" to $17 for the 16". If you want a pizza with real taste, check this one out. It's a real treat after too many plastic and cardboard tasting pizzas the chains serve up. Now that I'm spoiled for good pizza, it will have to be La Piazza'a! A family operation, La Piazza Al Forno owned by the Piazzas, (Justin, Rachel, Dennis, Anita and the kids), will make you enjoy family dinners out without breaking the bank and in an atmosphere you will feel comfortable. And the food will make you smile as much as the company!  Published Arizona Panoramic Horizons www.azphm.com
5	This place was heavenly. Like most others I saw it on an episode of Guy Fieri's Triple D.  I went with the Italian Stallion as shown on TV and it did not disappoint.  The sauce was great, the toppings heartily applied, mozzarella applied in big chunks, and pizza had the perfect char.It was better than Pizzeria Bianco's.There I said it. I know that I can no longer call myself a man and my "foodie card" will soon be revoked but the truth is the truth. And guess what?? I didn't even have to wait in line 2 hours for the best pizza I have had in Phoenix.
4	Once again, the pizza was delish. They were super busy last time I went, and my gf and I had to wait a while to see a server, but they apologized for the wait, gave us two free sodas and were understanding that we needed our food to go ( Kick-Ass started in like 30 minutes!).  Very cool.
3	Nice little place with decently good service.  I have only tried the pizza here.  It was mediocre.  Nothing great nothing bad, falls into the abyss of average.  I'm not even sure if I would like to return some day to try something other than pizza.
5	My second favorite pizza place in the valley. Along with the baked spaghetti pie your meal will be delightful. Finish it with the Italian Almond Wine Cake!
5	My friends and I were meeting at A Touch of European Cafe which we found out is closed until July 8.  Luckily, I remembered this place from Guy's show and found it really easily.  The three of us shared the Italian Stallion pizza and the Pizza Bianco.  We all agreed it was delicious and we even had two leftover slices!  We also had to try the hot zeppolis for dessert since none of us had ever heard of it before.  Yummy!  They are fried dough balls with powdered sugar.  The service was awesome, super nice but not overly intrusive.  Highly recommend this place.
4	Driving into downtown Glendale - I felt like I was cheating on my beloved Haus Murphy's. I secretly promised I would venture back to the area soon to visit Haus, but I soon recovered from my guilt when I tasted the Bruschette. Delicious. This place is really great! The pizza very tasty, we had the Stallion pizza - or the meat pizza. It was a little spicy and very meaty. So great. Also very inexpensive. (26 before tip for one pizza, one appetizer and two sodas, dinner for two). The sodas are also great - bottled coke products (1 liter bottles). Highly recommend. (We will be going back to Haus in the next week . . . and also back for pizza soon!)
4	This Place is amazing. It is one of the better pizza places I have ever had. I ordered a simple peperoni pizza and sat at the counter where the cooks chatted with me off and on and were very friendly. About 5 minutes after ordering I received my pizza and man was I Happy it was very crisp and have a very good flavor and consistency . I would recommend this place to anyone. I walked out after paying for my Pizza and drink for about $ 16 dollars and I was thrilled with my meal. Guy got this one right.
1	--Service was slow...no refills, never checked back, had to wait for check.--pizza was pretty good. Crispy toppings.--Parking was not too bad. Park around the corner.--Too bad for the awful service here! Maybe they need to switch to placing your order at the counter with a cashier and get rid of the food servers.
5	My family goes there or gets take out two or three times a month.When we go we order the following every time:Goodfella(just cheese) and add pepperoni and sausage.Goodfella and add pepperoni, carmelized onions, garlic, mushrooms, and extra cheese.Fresh Mozzarella and Tomato (Caprese)Every other time we're there we order the Stuffed Shrimp.Every couple times we order the pizzas and the Chicken Marsala. Every time, every thing we order is great! The pizzas are fantastic. Ours have always had the perfect amount of toppings, baked just right and piping hot.  The caprese is very good with tomatoes that are consistently good. The shrimp and its stuffing are terrific. The chicken and accompanying sauce are really tasty.The service is good, sometimes better than good, but nothing I'd ever consider rude or poor service. One of the servers is a bit more mellow than the rest and the dry sense of humor may put someone off, but I enjoy it.The only recommendation I have for them is better balsamic vinegar for the caprese. Yes, I do use 30-40 year old vinegar at home and no, I don't expect them to serve it. Since I know there are good quality grocery store brands that can be reduced to make a better tasting balsamic, I would like to see them find something better. Yes, I have recommended it, but I've never had Justins ear for that.
4	The old, historic street of Glendale has better eats than you might think.I've been here twice, and both times was treated to some of the highest quality ingredients I've had on this side of town. Only complaint is that the darn pizza falls apart while you're eating. But who cares when it's so good, you're licking your plate? If you're every passing through, you won't regret stopping here. Not the best value out there, but it's worth a shot!
4	My first impression of this place was only ok... Seriously, what is up with good pizza places in this city having ridiculously long waits? This place is tiny, tiny, tiny-- no more than a hole in the wall with maybe 15 or so tables. I suppose it's our fault for going the same week that the Republic gave the food a glowing review, but we waited an hour and a half.Overall, I would say the wait was worth it once we sat down. They have a pretty good selection of wines at very reasonable prices, which was good, because we needed a drink after waiting. We ordered the fried ravioli app, which was yummy and had huge shavings of fresh parm on top. Their marinara dipping sauce has a little bit of spiciness to it, which is perfect.The best part of the meal was the white pizza. It's absolutely delicious. It has a good thick layer of ricotta cheese, so it's like eating a cloud-- and you might think you just died and went to heaven, it's that good. My mom and I split it and that was exactly enough for both of us. I haven't tried the other pizzas, and after eating this one I don't know why I'd want to, but I am looking forward to going back.PS-- I highly recommend the zeppoli for dessert. Perfectly fried little dough balls, still warm and covered in powdered sugar. Need I say more?
5	Have visited a few places from "Diners Drive-In and Dives" recommendation and haven't been thrilled with the outcome.  Not so with this place.  Pizza is outrageously good...super light crust and excellent ingredients.  The bruschetta is also worth a try. The place is really tiny so if you're going on a Friday or Saturday night or during busy lunch hour - be prepared to wait.  Even if you live on the east end of town, this is worth the drive!
1	Great pizza but the worst manager. Terrible. We arrive after 12:30 on a weekday. The place is about 1/2 full. We have 5 people and 1 of our guys is a big guy. We are going to order 3 pies and a round of beers so I think this is a pretty good lunch crew. They seat us at a table set for 4. We cram around but ask to move one of the 2 person tables over. They say no. "What if someone comes in?" Looking around at the 1/2 empty restaurant that continued to get more empty we wonder if this is a joke. The manager comes over and says she won't give us the table. We say, what if 1 of us leaves and comes back as a party of 1? Well then we would get the table. This is what is known as a "stupid manager". Wow this is worth it just to see the idiocy. We decide to stick it out. The server is clearly embarrassed by his manager and is doing his best to fix things. But, not his fault, he brings a bottle of diet coke for 1 of us and it is frozen. After she opens it and sets it down, it gets ready to explode. Her first reaction is to stick her hand over it so now it is squirting out the sides. Classic.Onto the pies. We had the Italian Stallion and Pizza Bianca. I can say both were outstanding. Even the Bianca which I knew could be rich and heavy had great balance and bright flavors. The food almost bumped this up a star but how can I give 2 stars to a place that would hire an incompetent manager.
4	Following my review, the owner sent me a friendly, non-defensive letter which I appreciated. He re-stated their policy, which I disagree with, but he showed a lot of class in his comments. Cool. So, although my dinning experience was very poor on this occasion, I will give the food 4 stars. And hope to go back with a party that has an even number :-)
5	Any of the pizzas are great! I love the bruschetta as an appetizer.  My wife even thinks that the dough may be better than Pizzeria Bianco.
4	-Service has improved a lot since my last visit.-Greeted and thanked by Hostess.-Pizza is still outstanding (order the Italian Stallion, it's the best!)-Pizzas came out pretty quickly.-Some tables are too close, do I need to be touching elbows with the stranger at the next table?-Parking was convenient.
5	They updated the menu and we had one of the new pizzas tonight. It is called the Salvatore.Light red sauce with prosciutto, arugala and shaved parmesan on top.Man that was tasty.We've also been hitting the Insalata Piazza every time as well now, it's great!
4	Stopped in for lunch, server was great friendly no problems.Had the Stuffed Shrimp appetizer, and White Pizza. Both were greatStuffed shrimp was a little on the oily side though. Would absolutely go back. After a year in Arizona easily the best pizza i've had.
4	Fried Cheese Ravioli were divine.  Plenty of yummy cheese on the inside (Ricotta if not others as well), golden brown breading/crust, and thick shavings of fresh Parmesan garnished on top.  Marinara on the side.  Wow.Pizza was good but not great.  Pleasant sweet tomato flavors and homemade cheese were good.  Crust wasn't what I thought a traditional Neapolitan was all about though.  It was thicker here, more like what most folks consider a NY style.Didn't care for the $2.50 bottles of coke, without refills of course.  Service was friendly and overall very good.
5	I moved to Phoenix from San Diego about seven years ago and have been in search of a truly GREAT pizza ever since.  The thing about the "Valley" is that while there are many places to be seen, have a decent pizza (Grimaldi's & Le Grande Orange are notable) or wait in line for several hours for a "good" pie (not even going to go there), I haven't really come across a truly great pie.While watching Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives a while back I saw the story on La Piazza Al Forno in Glendale and immediately got into the car for a little drive.  Located in the Historic Downtown district, Piazza Al Forno is a modest storefront pizzeria with few tables and a counter with a view of the pizza oven.The menu is quite simple but has everything you on it that you need.  My dining companion ordered the Pizza Verde (Veggie Pie), a hand stretched pizza covered in San Marzano Tomatoes, House Made Mozzarella, Roasted Peppers, Caramelized Onions, Mushrooms, Olives and Fresh Arugula ($12) which she indicated was quite good.The "Italian Stallion" caught my eye with its mix of  San Marzano Tomatoes, House Made Mozzarella, Schreiners Sausage, Pepperoni, Prosciuttodi Parma and Sopressata ($13), so ride the horse I did!  The pizza arrived hot and bubbling with just the right amount of cheese (Americans cant seem to grasp that a great pizza doesn't need to be covered in an inch of it) and a perfectly crisp crust with that slightly chewy texture that I know and love.  The meats gave my pie a bit of saltiness that my companion didn't like and she seemed to think it was a bit greasy but to me, it was manna from heaven!If you fancy a pizza made with care and quality ingredients drop in and check out La Piazza Al Forno, it's worth the drive.
4	Great locals-type Italian place. Loved the Italian Stallion (Meat Pie) pizza. Prosciutto was a great addition along with a kicky sausage and traditional pepperoni. Also got a good look at the Mediterranean Ravioli, which had a great balsamic, Feta and more. Fried Ravioli antipasti looked intriguing.  Nice selection of Italian beer (Peroni was great) as well as wine.
4	The toppings were fresh & held their own, but for me, it was all about the crust! I ate all but one slice in that one sitting. Of course, I only left that one slice so that I could ask for a box & not look like a total pig. I ate it as soon as I got home :D As an added note, the bruschetta was delectable.
4	The reviews on this place concerning their popularity are correct especially for dinner at La Piazza al Forno so we opted for lunch and were seated immediately. This is a smaller restaurant with a very "homey feel".  No frills but a really cool Italian/"Mom's kinda place" atmosphere and they have great service.  There were so many things we wanted to try, one of which was pizza cooked in their wood-fueled-brick-oven.  We tried the La Pizza Bianco ~ it has a mildly chewy somewhat thin crust, blistered and charred in spots.  It was a bit chewier than what I expected so we had to eat it with a fork, but still very tasty.  It had fresh mozzarella, ricotta, lots of basil and garlic, and their garlic butter sauce. This pie was delicious and it could possibly be good at repelling vampires but not a good choice for a first date with someone you're going to kiss afterwards... They have a wide variety of pastas and salads to choose from as well.  On our second visit we tried their linguine with red clam sauce which was also very good.  The clams were cooked well, tender not over done like at most places and their marinara sauce was on point! We also order just a slice of pizza and side salad.  This was somewhat disappointing because the slice of pizza tasted somewhat old and of course reheated.  It did not have the same "wow" tasting factor as did our pizza on our prior visit.  We shared this with our server and she stated it was how they serve their slices and did not offer a new slice...  We ordered some New York Cheese Cake for desert and it was delish as well! Another person had a slice of pizza This is a great place to go if you're looking for good Italian food and fantastic pizza! Our only concern was ordering just a slice that was old and reheating it is usually fine but not in this case, this slice was too old.  Next visit ~ don't take a chance and just order just a slice, order a whole pizza instead!  It's well worth it.
5	The 4th place we have tried from DDD, and Guy has yet to steer us wrong. This little pizza place has great food for cheap! For lunch we had fried ravioli, 1 pizza, 1 coffee and 1 espresso for $25. The raviolis are huge, and come with a fresh marinara sauce that is delicious (I could eat it all by itself). Don't let your server take it away when you're done with the ravioli; have it with your pizza too! The pizzas are about 10-12"; perfect for 2 people. We got the Margarita DOC, which we thought was superb. The burnt bits stuck to the crust took a little getting used to, but didn't detract from the overall flavor of the pizza, which is killer with the homemade mozzarella! We decided to have coffee and espresso rather than dessert, and both were strong Italian blends to put hair on your chest. Our server was a really nice guy, as was everyone who worked there. It was not busy as other reviewers have mentioned, but that may have been due to the holidays. We will definitely be back here every time we are in the Phoenix area.
2	In  hopes that Dives, diners, and drive inn's couldn't be wrong and that perhaps the place had improved, I went in with 4 other people.  All gave it a thumbs down.  Comments from bland  to how did they get this publicity?  Perhaps DDD went to their head.  Who knows?  Who care?Has it gotten better?  Maybe but not today
4	Visiting in Glendale, we ate here after hearing about it on DDD.The food was excellent.  The calamari was light and not overbattered, and was not chewy at all.  Cooked to perfection.We ordered pizzas and ravioli, and they were very good.The waitstaff was very friendly and helpful.  A wonderful experience.The only downside was they served sodas out of a bottle, which can get expensive with kids around.
5	This place knows how to compete with the Pizza big boys.  Next best thing to Pizzeria Bianco.  Fantastic crust, homemade ingredients, just all out great!! Bruschetta is amazing also.  I do recommend lunch though.  Dinner crowds can be very busy and forget about getting a table during an event in Glendale.
5	This restaurant is definitely one of my favorites in Glendale. I have been here many times with my husband, and have never had a bad experience. We love the atmosphere, the FOOD, and the staff is very friendly! I would absolutely recommend the white pizza and the bruschetta! Overall, best pizza and best prices in the West Valley!
3	We had tried to go La Piazza a few months ago and found out it was not open on Sunday. We were in the mood for pizza so we thought lets give it a try again. My wife and son and his wife show up at about 7:00pm. They have several rules posted on their door. We do not split checks so don't ask. No one seated till everyone has arrived. There was one more but I can't remember what it was. This was a hand written note and I found it to be in bad taste. We were not going to do any of these but it did not make me feel comfortable. We had to wait about 15 min. Not bad since we did not have a reservation. Bad because it was chilly out and there was no place to wait inside. They asked everyone to wait outside. We went into a close shop and looked around for about 10 min. or so. When we came back they said to stay close because a table was opening up. We ordered four pizzas. Three margarita pizzas two plain and one with mushrooms. I had a pesto pizza with goat cheese. The pizza were good. Not exceptional as I had expected form the reviews. I tasted a piece of the margarita pizzas also and......... they were missing something. Can't put my finger on what but it was like it was almost an exceptional pizza if it had this one ingredient. I have had as good a pizza in many places. Will I go back? Probably except next time add a extra topping to see if it will make the pizza better. Service was good. We were waited on quickly and got our food hot and a respectable time. I still have a problem with sign. Very tacky and tasteless.
3	Great place to eat a good pizza but there are some things that need to change.  La Piazza is in the heart of Old Town Glendale which is a nice change since most eateries in the Phx Metro are in stucco strip malls nearby a Walmart or Target.  We ordered a bunch of different entrees and one appy.We started with a bottle of wine which was ok but not italian and was also capped and not corked.  I can deal with the not having  italian wine at an italian pizza restaurant but please have corked wine.  We moved on to the stuffed shrimp.  It tasted semi fresh but was a little charred on top due to being in the oven I think a little too long.  The garlic olive oil topping on the shrimp was very pleasant though.  For our mains we shared.  We had a Salvatore, an Italian Stallion, Chicken Marsala, and the Mediterranean Ravioli.  Both pizzas were good, the crust was fresh and the ingredients were good also but it did not wow me in any way.  I love good prosciutto but the Salvatore prosciutto did not have much taste and the parmesan did not have a lot of bite either.  The Stallion was the star pizza with some very good meat toppings.  The other star for me was the Mediterranean Ravioli.  The Ravs seemed to be freshly made and had a very refreshing taste that was not heavy at all.  My friend almost licked his plate clean of the Chicken Marsala which I did not try.Overall it was a very good meal and if there was a 3.5 star option I would have given it to La Pizza.  It stacks up to Bianco, and Cibo but falls just a tad bit short due to some beverage, and appy choices.If you are in the downtown Glendale area I would definitely recommend checking this place out.
5	This little local family joint has been featured on Guy Fieri's "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives." The waitresses are always extremely friendly and the food is always worth the short wait. They have a good wine selection as is standard for a good pizza/Italian restaurant.Since I am VEGAN I always order the Marinara D.O.C. with San Marzano Tomatoes, Extra Virgin Olive Oil,Garlic and Basil (I order extra basil). At $8 it's a bargain for an entree, but definitely not enough to share unless you order an appetizer and possibly a salad. The shrimp appetizer looks delicious and smells great too! The shrimp is stuffed with Crab Meat, Sauteed in Olive Oil and Garlic served over toasted Italian Bread.Carnivores will appreciate the Italian Stallion pizza which seems to be pretty popular.
3	I took myself out to eat last Friday night and crashed in to La Piazza about 45mins before they closed. Did I get attitude from the staff? Nope! Good work guys!I ordered the linguine with spicy red clam sauce. Yum! I wish the sauce were thicker, but the taste was there!I also had a chocolate canolli. Also pretty good!The down side? It was a bit spendy for me. I had the salad ($3) which was a mountain of greens, two (2) grape tomatoes, and two (2) small cucumber slices. Seriously? Uncool.Ah well! It was for the most part good. Nothing to write Guy Fieri about though.
5	A group of us from my company went here during a regional meeting in Phoenix.  What a great pick.  Small place, but has been on DDD.  Most of us got pizza, but a couple also went for the pasta dishes.  I split the Italian Stallion pizza and the Chicken Pesto Lasagna with a co-worker.  Both were really, really good.  We also tried the stuffed shrimp and calamari for appetizers.  Shrimp were tasty, calamari was standard fare.  They were out of fried ravioli, but substituted some garlic bread for no charge.Staff was incredibly friendly. I think we had the owner's daughter for our waitress.  Food was made fast and delivered piping hot.  We did have to wait about 20 minutes for our table, which for such a small space and a group of 8 was amazing. Prices are very reasonable too.I will definitely return here on future trips to Phoenix!
5	You should come here for the pizza, but if you don't get some homemade dessert...... you are missing out!
5	Came on a Thursday night and beat a small rush.I ordered the spaghetti baked pie and a peporoni pizza.The spaghetti pie was pretty good but lacking sauce, it barly came with any and the sauce was good.My son got the pizza and im glad i gave it a try, it was the best peperoni pizza ive ever had.
4	I will be honest- I didn't going into La Piazza al Forno with the highest of expectations. Just because a restaurant makes it on TV doesn't necessarily mean it will be an instant winner, but I was pretty impressed with our La Piazza experience. First thing that left an impression- everything came fast and piping hot. Seriously it seemed like we never had to wait more than 5 minutes for food. The wine list has a variety of reasonable priced bottles- $15 for a decent pino grigio- not shabby. The husband and I shared the toasted ravioli, good,but I could of used a few more (it only comes with 4). The batter was crisp and not greasy. Then we shared the Italian Stallion. My last "Italian Stallion" was a botched attempt to embarrass a friend by getting her a stripper for her birthday- and I must say this was a VAST improvement. Plenty of toppings, HUGE peperoni, and the perfect wood fired taste on the crust. For dessert we did the fried dough dessert after discovering they did not have the Italian Wine cake. Not earth shattering, but good to share. I think it is the same as the pizza dough, just coated in powder sugar. It is obvious that they have recently done a remodel and for the size of the place they make good use of their space. Friendly staff and a good place to sit and catch up with old friends...we will definitely be back.
5	I stumbled across this restaurant several years ago after becoming frustrated with the generally 2 hour wait, (no matter what day) at a DIFFERENT pizza restaurant in Heritage square, downtown Phoenix.  Although the pizza was terrific at that "other" restaurant in Heritage square, I had a pretty UNBELIEVABLE experience....I was with a date, we waited the 2+ hours, had a really good dinner, salad, an appetizer and pizza.  We decided we wanted another pizza and when we asked our server for another, we were told that we could not because there was a line of people waiting to get in.  I was amazed.  We left knowing we would NEVER go back.  I heard about La Piazza al Forno not long after that experience.....I truly believe things happen for a reason.  The pizza was even better and has been consistant ever since.  The service was very warm and friendly, literally like a family welcoming me into their home.  I learned that night, that it was one big family run business.  Oh and by the way, the best...did I say BEST pizza that I not only have had in AZ, but NY has nothing over them!  Icing on the cake, the prices are VERY reasonable! I GOTTA have a fix every 10 days! For the longest time I didn't want to tell anyone about my secret, however, they DESERVE to be known!  AWESOME!!!
5	Hmmmmm, this place was recommended to me 2 years ago, but I forgot to go.  Then I found them on Yelp... and remembered the previous referral.  I've been several times, and every time it has been amazing.  The inside is very cute!  There are plenty of tables, so they can accommodate a frequent flow of guests for such a small place.  Service has always been excellent.  The price is very reasonable for the quality of food.  I love it.
1	When.she told me that the oven is 2,000 degrees so it only takes the pizza 90 seconds to cook and my order would be ready in 5 minutes I should have hung up the phone! by the time I got it home it was rubbery. (Is that a word?) Anyway, Yuck! We won't be back.
2	Let me preface this by saying I have been in the service industry for the better part of 20 years. I understand how restaurants work as far as service, reservations, repeat customers, etc. I was so extremely disappointed in this place. Here's my story: While looking for a centrally-located place for the fam to dine, we came across this pizza parlor and remembered seeing it on TV. On their website it states they take reservations for parties of 6 or more so I called to make a reservation. The gentleman that answered the phone took our name and phone number and then proceeded to let us know the rules: 1. They won't seat you until your entire party is there (not really understandable since they pushed tables together and could have easily separated them should our party not all show up) 2. They only hold the table for 10 minutes (kind of understandable since so many people flake out on reservations, but 10 min is a little short, especially if there's traffic) and 3. We had 1.5 hours to eat because another party was coming in. He asked if #3 was an ok time-frame. I said it was up to his kitchen and how fast they can pump out the food - they did good.  He said there was only one table in the restaurant that could sit 6 or more.  However, when we arrived they were pushing tables together on the patio to accommodate a party of 6 and they had another large party just in side the patio and we sat in a different location, so not sure how he thought there was only 1 table for large parties.  Plus each table is a 2-top and can be combined with x number of other tables to accommodate - there was plenty of room inside the restaurant.So after hanging up I already felt like they didn't really want us there. Four of the six of us arrived a slight bit early.  We introduced ourselves as the reservation and they promptly corrected us by saying they don't make reservations, they just hold the table and our table would be given away at 6:10 if the entire party was not here. Right at 6pm we called the other two who informed us they were 3.6 miles away (according to their GPS) but they still wouldn't seat us. We explained they were only 7 min away, but they said it didn't matter and asked us to wait outside in 100 degree weather sweating our a$$e$ off. They never offered water or anything to drink. Just literally shuffled us out the door and proceeded to ignore us for the next ~7 minutes. Sign #2 they didn't really want us there. Since we were in 3 cars and not familiar with downtown Glendale, we decided to stick it out. The other two arrived and we were seated back by the bathrooms. Sign #3 they didn't really want us there. The restaurant was not packed, nor did it get packed while we were there so I'm not sure why they couldn't seat us or even let us wait inside in the air conditioning. The ONLY reason this place rec'd 2 stars rather than the 1/4 I would have preferred to give it is because of our server, Sandy. She was AMAZING! We wanted wine so she made some suggestions for both red and white. The table took her up on all that she suggested. She was polite, timely, funny, professional; she just rocked. She saved the dinner for all of us. Thank you Sandy! The food was fairly good. We ordered the fried ravioli (REALLY good) and bruschetta as apps. The salads came next (ok to split with someone - they are fairly good size). Definitely ask for the dressing on the side. We couldn't eat half of ours because it was absolutely drowning in dressing. The pizza was pretty good. Be careful of the pies that have garlic on them - they are large pieces of garlic so you definitely want to make sure your date likes garlic too. ;-) We won't be back nor would we recommend this place to friends. We will tell them our story and let them make up their own mind. And we will definitely have them call ahead to see if Sandy is working because she really did save the night.
4	Went there for lunch last week, and I was rather impressed.  I hadn't heard of the place before, but when in the area, I drove by while wondering where to dine for lunch, pulled it up on Yelp to see its rating and how many reviews, and took a chance once I saw the 4 star rating, and 87 reviews!  I saw the panini on the lunch special (mozzarella, tomato, procsciutto), and ordered away.  It was delicious, so good!  Everything was fresh, high quality.  The service was good.  I'd love to go back again and again, but I do not live nearby, but if in the area again, I'll be back!
4	This place has really won me over. We have been back twice since the initial review and I cannot wait to go back. Since our first visit I have now tried the bruchetta which is very good, the almond wine cake- sooo good!, and finally the Mediterranean raviolis which is now on my list of crave worthy dishes. 3 cheese raviolis, with a balsamic sauce and feta sprinkled on top. Unlike anything I have tried other places but I seriously could drench every pasta in that sauce.
5	Can I give this place more than 5 stars? I would if I could ... you won't find better pizza anywhere in the vicinity, and the staff are very friendly.  But don't stop with the pizza!  The pasta dishes are amazing too!
3	After seeing La Piazza al Forno consistently listed in the Valley's top pizza joints by numerous outlets, I decided to try it out before an event on the West side.My friend and I arrived around 6:30 on a Wednesday evening expecting a dinner crowd, but to my surprise there was only one other table of guests!  I have to say, you cannot beat the wine prices - $5-9/glass.  We shared a spinach salad, which was so-so.  Next, the Margherita D.O.C. pizza with carmelized onions.  Unfortunately, the onions weren't carmelized, just slightly cooked.  I'm not sure if there was a mix-up in the kitchen or somebody back there doesn't know what carmelized onions are...  I felt like the bottom of the pizza was a bit soggy in contrast with the charred crust edges.  The flavors were there, but the execution could've been improved.  We couldn't resist the zeppolis (pillows of fried dough covered with powdered sugar - see pic) for dessert.  So good!  Overall, we were content with the food and the fast service.  I think La Piazza al Forno is a solid choice for pizza in the Glendale area, but did not make my Top 5 Valley Pizza Joints.
5	Had Rigatoni w hickey and vegetables, fettucuni al pesto with shrimp, the Italian pizza, cheesecake and zeppolis. WOW! and great service too. Next time I will try the Cannoli and almond wine cake as well.
4	Being from the east coast I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to italian/american food and have been searching for decent fare in my half dozen years here in the valley.  You may ask what right does an irish guy have to be an italian food snob and a quick reply is I've lived in both boston and nyc and if there is anywhere better in the US to develop a taste for true italian/american in the us than these 2 cities well I'm listening ... made my first visit a couple of weeks ago to La Piazza al Forno and was simultaneously greatly pleased and slightly disappointed.  We went on a weekday afternoon and had the $10 pizza, salad and soda special as well as an order of meat lasagna.   Since I'm giving a strong review let me start with the negatives first.  The service was passable at best as there were only 2 other couples in the restaraunt and the waitresses seemed more concerned with rolling silverware and prepping for the night shift than filling the drinks of the patrons finishing their lunch.  Also I was hoping for some east coast style greasy heaven in the pizza not some "gourmet" fare with bland sauce and shitty toppings that fit better in a salad and this is not what I found. Yet instead of being dissappointed I was pleasantly surprised and decided to roll with the flavor and see where it lead.  The pizza although not what I was hoping for was still fantastic, light chewy crust from their imported brick oven and the homemade mozzarella definately made the pie unique.  Fresh tomato with bazil and oregano sprinkles gave it a hint of an east coast taste. Light and fluffy crust which I usually don't like in a pizza was counter-balanced by the freshness of the home-made sweetish sauce and again the mozzarella really shines through and makes this pizza far above the norm (exspecially for phoenix).  Although everyone talks about the pizza the lasagna to me was where the $ is at.  Getting the flat noodles of lasagna to come out el dente instead of soggy and wet was a surprise and was a reminder of home.  The meat blend of sausage and hamburger layered with ricotta tasted like something my italian ex's mom would make in her kitchen and the  homemade mozzarella again sealed the deal.  We didn't sample the wine but the list looked very reasonable.   Two solid meals and out the door for $25 (with a %20 tip despite the crappy service) will lead me back to try this spot again.
4	So the mixed reviews got me a little wary in going here, but I'm here to say that I'm glad I took a chance! The SO and I brought 3 kids, ages 9-15 here for dinner and while they are notoriously pick eaters, they seemed to enjoy themselves!  A big plus, was when I walked in the door and I saw a big table of business men in ties enjoying themselves. Always makes you think the place is going to be good! Haha.We ordered the Italian Stallion pizza, chicken pesto lasagna, and the four cheese ravioli, along with an appetizer of calamari.Calamari- very salty, but good texture and not too chewy. Sauce that came with it was good.Chicken pesto lasagna - Good, but not spectacular. The pasta layers were too chewy.Four cheese ravioli - Good. The cheese and sauce were really flavorful.Italian Stallion - Really good! I do have to say, that this pizza is very similar to Bianco's in style and flavor, yet came out faster and I didn't have to wait 3 hours to get into the restaurant. :)All in all, a great dinner. Our service was good, with frequent water refills and I was able to be seated right away, even though my whole group was not there yet.  -1 star for not having real Italian soda (in a can) and leaving it open for a follow up review when I've tasted more pizza and salad and desserts.Glad to have been to old town Glendale for the first time, too!
3	I'm not sure what they did to the pizza the day that Guy Fieri went in there. I checked it out shortly after seeing it on TV. I was less than impressed. The pizza wasn't bad, but it surely wasn't great. Not worth the line you have to wait in. Didn't live up to any hype and I've been to a few places that have been on Fieri's show. Hodad's in SD is phenominal. Pizzeria Luigi in SD is better than Al Forno. I've been to the best pizza joints in the country and Al Forno is average. I'd eat at Red Devil before I'd eat at Forno. Red Devil is my fav AZ pizza, not my favorite pizza joint in PHX though. I like Pizza by Napoli.
5	Like most people, I went there with a friend after seeing it on Triple D. Since the first trip, I have been by multiple times and have loved it each time. There used to be a little bar area near the brick oven so I sat there the first time I went and it was great because we were able to talk with the son of the owner, I guess they are co-owners, and talk about the place and how much Triple D has increased their customer base. He was extremely friendly and of course, the pizza was fantastic. They have the best White Pizza I have every had. It is delicious and perfectly made. I have had it numerous times and have never been disappointed.I would recommend this place to anyone!
1	Unquestionably the biggest Yelp let down ever!I had a pepperoni pizza and it was just plain flavorless. The pepperoni and sauce was the delicious flavor of a good old water. Yum! (not).I've never been so disappointed in a well reviewed Yelp establishment ever! Let's hope this is the first and last time!(you'd be MUCH better served by Cibo, Pizza A Metro or Spinatos ... all within the vicinity)
3	I have been here for lunch a couple of times this year.  First was late winter and I had, I think, was an Alfredo pasta dish but they have changed the menu around some and it may have been the Pesto.  In any case it was very good and I even had a second meal from it.  And it came with bread.  I decided at the time to hold off reviewing the place because they take pride in their pizzas and their oven, which had been replaced a couple of months prior.  Between my visits they got certified by an outfit in Italy for their pizzas.  This last time around I took advantage of a Yelp special luncheon of a Margherita pizza, side salad and an Italian soda.  I would have preferred iced tea, especially after I found out how tart the soda was, but being a fixed special menu I did not ask.  I liked the salad.  I liked the thin crust on the pizza.  Too bad I tasted char in every bite.In spite of all the turn off signs on the front door (no split checks, no seating until entire party arrives) my apprehension was allayed as the service was friendly and efficient on both visits.  On my second visit Justin? made a round of the guests.Pasta 4Service 4Pizza 2I would go back again, just wouldn't order pizza.
2	Maybe 'Sandy' was having an off day or something, because according to her other reviews, she's amazing.  Tonight was probably some of the worst service I'd ever recieved.  I'm a firm believer that good service makes or breaks a restaurant. I'd rather eat mediocre food but have a great time and recieve great service.  We were peddled out the door into 110 degrees to wait for a table, not so bad if your from the heat, but for visitors, its absurdly hot.  We were sat after about a 10 minute wait, and didnt speak with our waitress Sandy for 15 minutes, and waited another 10 to even get out waters.  She was short with my friend and I and not very friendly.  We ordered the first pizza on the menu (can't remember the name) and it came out quickly.  It was delicious! I've been to Italy a few times, and it's very similar in quality.  I had a glass of wine and water with dinner, and was never asked if I'd like a refill on either, even though I left my glasses at the end of the table.  No one ever came to check on us to see if we needed anything else, and before we even finished eating our pizza, Sandy gave us our check.  I was apalled!  She didn't even ask if we'd like anything else or how dinner was (it was not very crowded). I turned the check away and said we'd like a canoli and she simply walked away and started serving another table.  No acknowledgement, nothing.  I thought to myself "is this actually happening? Is our waitress completely ignoring us". Conoli was DELICIOUS! We wanted another one, but felt so unwelcomed that we couldn't wait to leave.  I will not be returning, thanks to Sandy.
5	Had the mediterranean pizza today. Soooo good! Thanks Guy Fierri.... Mmmmmmmm
4	There is a few reasons why we wanted to eat here! 1st- We seen this on Triple D! 2nd- They offer baked spaghetti, even though it's not on their menu! 3rd- I was told their pizza is one of the best? There's not much more I can add that everyone else has already said. Parking is very convenient in the back. We had a waitress that was awesome! Dumb ME! I never asked for her name. But she was very nice and made us feel welcome! When we visited Texas a few years ago, my wife discovered baked spaghetti! Ever since then I have been on a mission to find another restaurant that offers it. Watching triple D, is how I found out La Piazza offers it!!! So we ordered their baked spaghetti, filetti pizza, coca cola light? and to end the night with their homemade cheesecake with caramel and chocolate! Wife enjoyed the baked spaghetti, it wasn't the best. But she would order it again. She think the baked spaghetti at Cheddar's is the best!! Their pizza was really good, I am a pizza sauce type of guy! But I have been really enjoying the authentic type of pizza. Their cheesecake was very good to cap off the night. Overall we had a great time and will come back again!!
4	I enjoyed my experience here. Sat with friends and we were served efficiently and with great customer service (in my opinion... this is with a smile, with attention, and having answers to questions.) I will admit this is not my favorite pizza place in the PHX metro area... but that's the fun in finding new spots. This could very well be your favorite place that you haven't visited.
5	I stopped into La Piazza Al Forno due to a traffic detour on my route home.  Nothing could have been more satisfying after a long day of work.  There was no wait, (it was Tuesday night)  my waitress was accommodating and friendly, and the Italian Stallion (pizza) was a fantastic piece of meatalicious goodness.  I will definitely be back if e'er I find myself in downtown Glendale again.
4	After having a field trip with the twins in the Glendale area, we decided to check this place out since I saw the segment on Triple D.  The server was really nice.  I explained to him that I needed a cheese pizza for the twins, he offered a Margherita, I told him no basil.  If my little boy sees any green on his food he will not eat it.  Yes, it is a new phase, which shall pass.  We had the Salvatore.  The crust was delicious, perfect amount of chewiness and crispiness. The prosciutto was great.  The twins ate most of their cheese pizza, which is a bonus it did not end up on the floor.  If we are in Glendale, we will stop by again.
5	I originally saw La Piazza on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives with Guy Fieri and visited on one of my first trips to Arizona a few years ago. I was out driving around town today and decided to stop back in. There was no wait when two of us arrived at 11 AM on Saturday. I recall a line forming before the place opened for dinner on my original visit, so it is probably good to think about timing. The restaurant is rather small, but does have a good number of tables. I noticed that they have revamped their decor. It is now darker, sleeker, more modern in style, rather than more of an Italian deli/pizzeria as it was before. Our server was friendly and observant. The chef came around to ask everyone about the meal after it was finished. I am a fan of the pizza at La Piazza. The crust is extremely thin, while the border is light, fluffy and airy. It has a clean, fresh, semi-charred flavor. The tomato sauce is relatively plain, but adds a light vegetable flavor to every bite. I highly recommend the Italian Stallion pizza, which has pepperoni, salami, and sausage. The meats are high quality and the brick oven really brings out their flavors. This pizza manages to have a little bit of spice to it as well, which I really enjoy.I have also tried a few other things. The stuffed shrimp appetizer consists of shrimp and crab over bruschetta-style bread. It is rich and flavorful. The herbs give you a nice pop with every bite. The cannoli is a nice traditional dessert, with flavors of cream cheese, cinnamon, nuts, and chocolate. I have only tried a bite of the baked spaghetti, but it is a massive hard to be believe cube of Italian food, just like on the show.It is a little bit of a trip to get to La Piazza. I wish it were closer, so I could visit more often. I do recommend going, especially for people who like brick oven pizza and a casual, adult environment.
4	Somewhere on a quiet little street, with standing room only even late evening, this place is packed.  We finally got a seat and ordered a couple of pizza's to try along with some pasta.  The kitchen is busy, the tables are full and staff are buzzing buy, but our server was quick and attentive.  We tried the Pizza Bianca (White Pie) with Ricotta, House Made Mozzarella, Garlic, Extra Virgin Olive Oil and Basil.  The crust has thin and crispy on bottom, the flavors were rich and bold, good first choice.  Our second pizza was the Salvatore with San Marzano Tomatoes, House Made Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Prosciutto di Parma (Crudo), Arugula, Shaved Parmesan.  This was excellent. As for the pasta, we tried the Linguine and Clam Sauce, that's Clams in a Spicy White Sauce served over Linguine.  This was a great pasta dish.  Overall, good service, good food and will be back.
3	So, my first review on Yelp. My wife and another couple were at La Piazza al Forno for pizza this past Friday evening, a place we've been to many times in the past. I will say this is the first time visiting since they installed a new pizza oven and received their "Verace Pizza Napoletana" certification.Our pizza (the Bianca) wasn't particularly to our liking -- the crust was undercooked, thick, and doughy. Granted, we really should have said something right then and there, and asked for a replacement pizza. I chose instead to post a professional comment on their Facebook page, simply asking if perhaps they were having an off night. In a classic example of how *not* to use social media, they deleted my comment without response. Not the proper way to interact with your customers, especially since my wife and I have told countless friends about the (previously?) excellent pizza at the establishment.It's doubtful that we'll return due to their unprofessionalism, which is a shame because we're big supporters of locally-owned, independent establishments.Additional comment 9-Dec-11: Received a note from Justin indicating the Facebook comment delete was inadvertent, with an offer of a replacement pizza. Will post an update the next time we're in that area and try a second pizza.
5	Simply the best Italian restaurant in Metro Phoenix. Everything is fresh and made daily at their restaurant an the pizzas are cooked in a fire brick oven. Amazing quality, atmosphere and food. The staff are polite an make you feel welcome and that your business is appreciated. It's a must try for anyone who appreciates amazing Italian food. Worth the drive from Scottsdale!
3	Ok, this has been on my list for awhile now.  I finally made it downtown Glendale last night.  The wait was a good 30 mins.  It was good, it give us time to catch up with our friend from Cali.  We got a table right by the door that leads to the patio, so it was a little cold on and off.  Server came by around, got our drink order, brought them and then took our food order.  I ordered the Pizza Bianca (White Pie) and added sausage.    It was OK but not the best white pizza I have ever had.  My brother ordered the Italian Stallion (Meat Pie) and I had a slice.  That was good.  Overall everything was just OK.
4	Journeyed to Glendale to see the lights earlier this week. Decided to try this place and see what the fuss is all about. They opened at 5 so we waited out front until they opened. I am sure glad we did as the line grew and went down the block. Well the service was great. Fried Calamari and pizza was really good. The chicken marsala was a bit salty for me, but was decent anyway. The wife had had a chicken and pasta dish which she enjoyed. My mother inlaw(Italian from jersey) actually loved the linguini and clam sauce. Bottom line is great pizza and outstanding service by Michelle.
5	Been here twice now and love love love it. And I live in Gilbert!! Well worth the drive.
3	Went to this place after a trip to watch the Glendale Glitters (which was really nice), put our name on the waiting list as we have been told to do so. Waited about 45 minutes and our group of 10 got a nice table outside by the fire warmers! The pizzas where actually really good if you like thin crust, we have tried 3 different kinds that night and have to say the "Italian stallion" and pesto was my favorites, one of my sisters in-law had chicken Marsala and I had to get a taste of that, my input on the chicken was that it had that "out of the freezer" taste. Kind of chewy in a sense, where Ive have chicken Marsala from North beach in SF and did not taste that way. But hey, I'm not discouraging you from tasting it but I would stick to the pizza, because that's what their known for anyways.
5	I  only have eaten here once,but was impressed.the pizza was excellent and the side salad that you can add on is one of the best ive ever had.also,being italian and from the east coast i have had some of the best italian food in the country, and i think la piazza al forno ranks right up there.(especially since arizona has the worst italian food/pizza in the country.(inmy opinion,and many others too.)the lasagne was out of this world.it reminded me of what mom used to make.Excellent marinara sauce as well.the service was average.nothing special.Being a server mysel,f i like that they won"t split checks or seat groups until they have all arrived.Hello........it's a small restaraunt.they can't "hold a table for your party and miss out on business just to wait for a group that may or may not show.also sometimes splitting checks is a nightmare if the people are old, and keep switching seats,ordering in intervals,and changing thier drinks everytime they order a new one.its very time consuming to split checks when the guests do things like that.also, with the limited space they have ,i think it's a good business decision.usually people who are so concerned about splitting checks are cheap,don't tip well,use coupons,and order the cheapest thing on the menu and drink only water anyway.if people are that concerned,they should bring cash and do the simple first grade math to figure out what they owe.anyway i highly reccomend this place.
5	La Piazza al Forno was featured on Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives. Not the typical Arizona pizza experience for sure. The extremely thin crusted, wood fired pizza that they serve up at La Piazza is a nice break from the everyday, run of the mill pizza pie. I went in on a Wednesday night and had to wait about 40 minutes. This was my first trip to La Piazza, so I'm not sure if this is a regular occurrence. La Piazza was donating half of the proceeds the night I was there to the family of slain Glendale police officer Brad Jones. I think this may have been part of the reason of the long wait and think it was a great thing for them to do. After seeing the Italian Stallion Pizza on Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives, I knew this was the pie for me. The pizza was definitely worth the wait. It had a great fresh taste to it and the quality ingredients used really stood out. The Stallion was topped with fresh mozzarella, pepperonis, salami, prosciutto, and Italian sausage. Great food along with very friendly service gives La Piazza al Forno a perfect five star rating.
4	The pizza is amazing.. love the sauce and the brick oven flavor. I usually have to order an extra pizza after I devour the first one. Wish I got a little more pizza for the money - but isn't that always the case. Their cheese is great too - I highly recommend it!
4	What can you say when you're the 112th to review?  I agree with the above?Four of us for lunch.  Arrived at one and got a table right away.  Nice Waiter, but he did forget we need silverware and napkins.  Nice menu.  I chose the Italian Stallion and it was excellent - except - what happened to the crisp crust I heard about?  Mine was greasy and chewy.  But the flavor of the pie was excellent. Sorry -1 for that crust.  My wife had the Margarita with the homemade mozzarella.  Loved it, except for her crust, as well.  Female friend had a calzone and said it was the best she's had since she was 11 years old in New Jersey!!  Her husband had a Margarita with prociutto and loved every bite.  No complaint about the crust.  And THEN....we had an order of zeppolis (balls of fried pizza dough deep-fried and covered with powdered sugar) and guess what....it was the best she's had since she was 11 in New Jersey!!  Guess if you're from Jersey, you'll love this place.Would I drive here again.  You bet; I'd just ask for the crisp crust version.  Then it will be 5 stars!!
5	The wife and I were in town for the NYG v AZ game in October and were in the mood for pizza. This Glendale pizzeria is no joke. Brick oven pizza at its finest.  The char on the pizza crust was done to perfection. The wifey had Mediterranean pizza with pesto and mozzarella (freshly made) and it was divine. I went 6 rounds with the Italian Stallion which has Schreiners Sausage, Pepperoni, Prosciutto di Parma and was it was amazing.  It sounds like it is a heavy pizza gut bomb, but this pizza was not since all the meats were thinly sliced but generously portioned.  Wash your pizza down with a refreshing Italian Birra and you are in heaven.
4	So far This is the only True Neapolitan Certified pizza that I tried that taste good to me. This weekend we tried the famous Bianca D.O.C. pizza (white pizza $12) and the Regina Margherita D.O.C. ($14) The margherita was tasty flavorful and very light,the dough was wet but did have some structure and was seasoned perfect so it wasn't necessary to add a thing. I did find the bufala cheese too wet for this pie and prefer the Margherita D.O.C.  (difference is house made mozzarella and a $4 savings $10)The Bianca pie was much sturdier and also not wet. For my taste the pie is very garlicky and for my taste next time I will be adding the onion option for $2 more to balance the flavors more.Next to us the people were having the home made cheese cake and it looked so light and fluffy I got a piece to try the next day. I tried a little and it was light,not too sweet but was light on the vanilla. I prefer this style and think it was the best I've tried in years.I've been here several times and always had outstanding service here.
5	The linguine and white clam sauce is really, really, really yummy as is the chicken marsala. The pizza is amazing!!! Much better than the other pizza joint that has had a lot of hype and a 2 hour wait.The wait can be long here but we are usually early eaters so have no problems.. The staff is awesome and very friendly.
4	Dear La Piazza al FornoWe need to talk.I don't quite know how to say this so I'm just going to come out with it. I've been seeing someone else.How long?About a year now. Am I in love with another?Yes. Was it me? It was. The day you decided to remove hoagies from the lunch menu, about a year ago, I'm sorry, but it really was you...and not me.Hey..wait...put down that pizza peel...try to stay calm...please?[Olive oil container whizzing past head]Please! Stop throwing shit at me...everyone breaks up on social media these days, or haven't you heard.Wow, what a Bitch!
4	Wife and I stayed at a B&B a few doors down for our annual Spring Training trip. Like any good yelp'er, I asked Yelp for ideas for dinner. Ideally, we wanted to support the local economy where we were staying. Also, ideally, we like to eat at places that are featured on the food network. Viola!! Diners, Dive and Drive-Ins had worked this place over a couple years back and it showed with the big sign and big line to get a table.I don't mind waiting for good food, so we put our name on the list on Saturday night and got seated in an outdoor spot for two after about 45 minutes. Not too bad since that's exactly what they quoted us when we put our names down.First thoughts on the place, smells good, but which 'D' did it qualify for on Guy Fieri's DD&D show?? Not really dive-y or diner-y and definitely not a Drive-In.The menu is simple, pastas and pizzas with a few beverages and desserts as well. As you may have read or will read the 'Italian Stallion' tons o' meat pizza is the one that gets the glory here. Unfortunately, we don't eat pork, so that limited our menu just a bit.We found some good items to order instead. I ordered the Mediterranean Pizza and my wife ordered the rigatoni al forno.Their pizza is 'certified' Neopolitan. Not to brag, but I've been to Napoli and eaten the pizza there. It is a very specific style and you don't find it very often in mainstream pizza shops. The pizza I had was very good and the way it was baked along with the ingredients would definitely put it up there with good Neopolitan pies.However, I was really surprised with how good my wife's pasta was!! She loved it and I couldn't keep my fork out of it. So, we shared the pie and pasta and made our way toward dessert. There aren't many mentions of dessert here, so I'm going to make sure I mention it.GETTHECHEESE-CAKE!!!We ordered our's to-go and ate it at the bar of our B&B. It blew us away!! Please order it and eat it there or elsewhere or anywhere. In a house with a mouse. Wherever. Or, send it to me in Orange County. Just eat it!!Service - our server was ok, very busy and gave us some bread and butter after our meals arrived. Would've been cool to get it as soon as we sat down. But, that's ok - it was Saturday night. This and the hostess not really having the most courteous manners are the only thing preventing a perfect 5 star recommendation.Oh yeah, we met the Piazzas for a minute at the bar we were at - super nice people. Would definitely go there again next year when we come to town for baseball.
5	Listening to the music on La Piazza's web page might be a very good way to add a dimension to this review. See (and listen) here. ;-) http://www.lapiazzaalforno.com/This jazzy tune delivered in Italian seems so consistent with the character of this place when we had dinner there. We loved it and we recommend it to others.Great Yelp reviews aside, we were skeptical given we'd heard La Piazza was featured on the Food Network show "Diners - Drive Ins - and Dives" (aka DDD). Typically, anything with a DDD nod makes us run in the other direction.Fortunately, we didn't like the DDD connection dissuade us.  It was a delightful experience all around to eat at La Piazza.  Even if we did have to wait in line for more than 45 minutes for a table.   Because while the perfectly charred and chewy crusted Neapolitan style pizza was very good indeed, there were so many other ingredients in the recipe resulting in this five star review for La Piazza. From the owner's friendly and funny persona as he came out to call names (he could take his act on the road and get paid for it), to the top notch service that started out by thanking us for coming and for waiting for a table, to the really good food, to the ambiance, to the friendly retired member of New York's Finest and his wife we met who sat at the table set close enough to ours that it was as if we were sharing the same table, it was great eats and hospitality and company combined.  THE VIBE:That the night in question was so pleasant is also a testament to the owner and the family and others who make up the staff. Because this night was a fundraiser for the family of a young Glendale police officer who had been killed in the line of duty just a couple of weeks earlier. The fallen officer's family was in the restaurant that night, as were a stream of other Glendale officers and firemen who came and went to pick up orders and pay their respects.  It's why the folks at the table next to us were there on that night, and us too.  In remembering this young man, there was community celebration at just the right level of being respectfully subdued that his family present embraced too.It is the neighborhood place vibe of the restaurant, and an "all people are welcome here" audience that made La Piazza a wonderful place to be part of for that. People waiting in line and joining in the restaurant included folks of all ages, from seniors with walkers to infants in strollers to Vietnam war vets proudly wearing emblems of their service to people wearing Harley rider attire to people who seemed to be on their way home from the office to retirees who seemed to have come off the golf course and even a few tourists, like us, in the mix.GREAT SERVICE:Even though the restaurant staff and kitchen were "slammed", they didn't miss a beat in being friendly and efficient with beverage and food orders taken and delivered in amazingly short order given the crowd.  Service staff from appearing to fill water glasses right after seating through taking the order, delivering the food and providing the check seemed genuinely happy to have customers there and it made us feel pretty happy to be there too.  (And to tip generously as well.)FOOD - WINE - VALUE:Delicious food and a reasonably priced list short list of wines by the glass were also an excellent value. Two glasses of nice Aglianico PLUS a green salad, PLUS a delicious pizza topped with housemade mozzarella, arugula and parmesan PLUS a piece of housemade cheesecake and good (Italian roast?) coffee was just about $35.00 before tip.  The folks next to us said their chicken Marsala and the lasagna were both tasty too.  So more than only pizza here if you're inclined to eat something other than. (But really, with pizza this good, why would you?) The cheesecake is worth special "do not miss" mention.  Our waitress shared the funny story that she liked the cheesecake so much she asked the owner's wife if she could have the recipe and was told "Are you kidding?  I had to marry into the family to get the recipe." ACCESSIBILITY:  Level in and all seating on one floor, although space can be tight there were people in the house using walkers and wheelchairs.DRAWBACKS: Parking is scarce in the area. Table spacing can be too tight for comfort. The waiting line can be long on nearly any night we're told, unless you're there by 5:00.  But the wait is worth it for sure.
5	I'm impressed!  We walked in the door three weeks later and the waiter said "Welcome Back!".  Huh? In the United States?  Customer Service to the top?  Plus he remembered the Sangiovese we'd liked.  I'm just not used to this.Plus the owner's son stopped by to check on everything!  In a pizza parlor?C'omonOh, the pizza?  I forgot the most important part.  Great!  Thin Crust!  San Marzano tomatoes. Fresh mozzarello. Excellent....You know, I'm probably not spelling these words right cuz I've never seen them on a pizza menu before
4	Sat out on the patio with some new business partners and had great conversation and food. This pizza was great.
2	Just o.k.  We had the Italian Stallion, it tasted very good, but between 2 adults left us pretty hungry.  For 14 dollars, it seemed to be more of an appetizer.
5	Best Pizza in AZ, Hands Down!!!  I will even rate them higher than Pizzaria Bianco.  I tried this place with my family a few months ago and have never looked back.  As far as I'm concerned this is the only place to get pizza in AZ.
5	AMAZING PIZZA. Loved everything about it, best I've ever had. Brick oven is the only way to go. My husband if from Pittsburgh and he raved about how good it was. Warm, cozy, friendly, only one drawback. We dropped in on a Monday and forgot they were closed. Darn! Go there you WILL NOT be disappointed. Promise......
4	This place is great! The pizzas are delicious and prices aren't bad either. The only bad thing is, the place is so small that when there are huge events in the Downtown Glendale area, you can wait for over an hour and a half.
5	Wow the smell or aroma as you enter the door is over whelming - YUM!The kids and I were in the area today and wanted to try something new for lunch. We entered La Piazza and plan to come back, even though it is in the West Valley!We ordered a standard cheese pizza. There were 6 slices = 2 slices each! The cheese was wonderful and you could tell it was fresh and we over heard it was made daily! The sauce was not tangy but very rich in flavor. The crust was not hard but yet firm to hold the sauce and cheese. We decided to get a slice of cheesecake and some Zeppolis which are dough type doughnuts sprinkled with powdered sugar! OMW that was WONDERFUL!We arrived about 11:30, there were about 3-4 tables occupied. By the time we left at 12:20 there were 7 people waiting in line for a table! Now mind you this appears to be a typical lunch on a Wednesday! Unfortunately they are small, and they only have about 12 tables. I am not sure this is a bad thing, it just makes people realize how good of a place it is and it's cozy.We will definitely be back and hope that others try it when you are on Glendale Ave.!
5	I'll be honest! We saw this place on food network, and like the lemmings we are, we made it a goal to come here. I arranged a table for 6 for my husband's birthday on April 13 to come here at around 6:30 pm. This restaurant is typically a first come, first serve place. They do "call aheads" though when your party is a group of 6 or more which gives you priority seating. (Hint: Gratuity will be automatically included in the bill with parties of 6 or more and they explain that to you on the phone).They were really nice on the phone when I called, and just as nice when we arrived at this restaurant. That alone wins big points for me! (I can't stand when a restaurant gets a special reputation from being on tv, and then they turn snooty). Here, the staff gave us such great service!Pizzas:The Italian Stallion - amazing if you love meat!Pizza Bianca - very good!Mediterranean - also very good!Um, I'm very convinced that any pizza you try here is really tasty and good! I suggest that each person orders a pizza for him/herself, because then you get to try a variety of pizzas and you might not have any left over because it's that good. Pizza sizes are bigger than the pizzas from Babbos Pizzeria but slightly smaller than/close to CPK pizzas (I guess b/c the heart of the pizza is on the thinner size, but the crust is still thicker but somewhat a bit flaky) .I ordered the chicken marsala which I really enjoyed and because I shared pizza with everyone, I still had some left to take home. Hmmm - I'm getting hungry talking about this place. Maybe we will go there tonight... or at least very soon...
2	I guess I had more expectations of this place from seeing it on Food Network. The food was good but the service, decor and music was not good. I only gave 2 stars since I enjoyed my meal. My daughter had the pizza and I had the cheese ravioli. If you want a smile from the wait staff...good luck. One was more interested in her phone and the guy was lacking all expressions. Thankfully our waitress (I think her name was Patty) was decent.The decor is outdated and could use some color...its very drab and dark in here. The music is rap...this is an Italian place and the music took away from the experience. I don't think I will be back again.
4	Met for a business lunch.  The server was attentive, salad was good pizza was excellent. It is a perfect mom-and-pop pizzeria for downtown Glendale. Grazie!
5	Best pizza I have ever had
3	I wanted to try this place out because it was featured on the Food Network but I didn't find it to be anything special.  My husband and I ordered their Italian Stallion pizza and the chicken pesto lasagna.  The crust of the pizza was thin and slightly crispy, which I like, but it wasn't particularly memorable.  I found all of the meats on this pizza to be a bit too salty...and I particularly like salty food!  The chicken pesto lasagna was way too rich for any one person to eat by themselves.  There was probably two small pieces of chicken and 2 sheets of lasagna noodle in the entire thing.  The rest was ricotta cheese and then covered in a pesto alfredo sauce.The atmosphere/decor and service was also average.  I'd go back and eat there again but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
5	Wow we had such a GREAT experience here. The calamari was really good, the stuffed pizza was AMAZING, the spaghetti pie was good, but the service was 2nd to none. I can not wait to go back
4	Salvatore Pizza: Thin crust, prosciutto, arugula...etc etc. You can't go wrong here.  This pizza was savory and the flavors married very well together.  Rigatoni al Forno: I can't do it justice. Pair it with some white wine and you are GOLDEN!Super friendly staff that are there to answer questions for you as needed! I suggest getting a pizza and a pasta dish and sharing that way you can have some cannoli or zeppoli for dessert!
4	All I had was the Pizza Bianca, so while I don't know much about this place, I do know this:- CHEWY CHEWY CRUST. In my opinion, an awesome thing. Pizza crust should not be a cracker, nor should it be a slice of white bread.- HOT AS BLAZES. Like, that thing flew out of the oven.- GARLIC! I really enjoy garlic, and I'm guessing they do, too....and most importantly: I will return!
4	I admit I was hesitant to try La Piazza al Forno, since typically I try to avoid restaurants 'as seen on the Food Network'.  Well, in this case, a couple of visits for Saturday lunches proved that I was wrong - this is a small restaurant that creates big, wonderful flavor!  Over the course of two visits, we tried:Pizze Bianca ($12) - certified Neapolitan pizza - oh yes!  The thin yet chewy crust was graced with homemade mozzarella, extra virgin olive oil, ricotta cheese, basil and plenty of fresh garlic.  Four Cheese Ravioli ($9) - this is a simple yet completely fantastic dish - three cheese ravioli is baked, topped with a red cream sauce and mozzarella.  You will definitely want to use some bread to enjoy all of the remaining sauce from this dish!Panino ($7 + $1 additional for a slice of Proscuitto) - basically pizza crust-like bread with mozzarella, tomatoes and the additional proscuitto inside, served cold.  I was hoping for something more along the lines of the Schiacciata Romagnola served at Cibo.  While this was good, I wouldn't order it again.  Zeppolis ($4) - a very large portion of hot, puffy 'donut holes' sprinkled with powdered sugar.  No, there weren't any leftovers.  ;)
5	Very good Italian food!! Don't waste your time standing in line downtown Phx for over an hour for even better pizza here. Lasagna, speghetti...everything is packed with flavor. They may want to make sure the music is suitable for the setting of romance or family dinners...one day a staff member had rap on. Will come back though!
4	As a slight update, I do find inconsistencies with the pizzas from here. Our pizza that we shared was unseasoned this time and just OK. I do note a person other than the owner prepared our pizza. Usually the pizzas are very good and for sure are the best that Glendale has to offer. But this was my second time I got an off pizza out of several times so that does happen sometimes. I note the pizza was still good but not special.We also had salads they were large and fresh but not fancy.Pizzas from here are not the average pizzas they are the light and chewy certified D.O.C. pizzas. The cheese is made in-house.3-4 stars
5	awesome awesome awesome
2	Sandi the waitress is terrible. food was ok.
5	The Pizza here is of the traditional wood-fired kind. The kind that is certifiably Napoletana and lists what kind of tomatoes they use. Despite this, they are absolutely un-pretentious. The pizza was delicious, I would recommend everything that we got (the Italian Stallion, the Marinara, and the Salvatore). The stallion was meaty (as you would expect) and the salvatore was a perfect balance of peppery arugula and creamy Prosciutto. The real surprise was the Marinara, so simply but so amazing. You would think that simple bread, tomatoes, olive oil and spices (no cheese) wouldn't be able to reach that level of awesomeness - but it can. Also, their desert was jaw-dropping good. Our group shared cannolis, cheesecake and zeppolis (Italian donut with some kind of secret ingredient), all of which were in their best forms. What would bring me back would be 1) the value (for the high quality everything was very reasonable) and 2) unlike most Italian restaurants, eating here with a milk allergy is a very pleasurable experience, my sister was able to get a awesome pizza (Marinara) and a terrific desert (zeppolis) without any hassle.
4	Delicious food, great atmosphere. Try the salvatore pizza
5	I don't know how a pizza place that that been on tv stayed such a west-side secret but this place has and it's amazing. I love not having to wait long for easily the best pizza in the valley. The wood fire grill helps create what can only be described as the best crust ever!I will back up some of the other statements that the pizza can be somewhat inconsistent and it appears they are really at their best when the owner is cooking. But even the "bad" pizzas are still better then most anything else you've had in the valley so there isn't much room to complain.Also, one of the few places you can still get bottle coke with real sugar. I'm not sure if it's much different  then normal coke, but some people go crazy for that so I thought I would throw that in too.Have fun and enjoy!
3	Being a huge pizza junkie, I had been waiting to go here for months especially after reading the reviews. But with their crap hours, its nealy impossible to on a day you can, at least that was my experience. Anywho! Their service was very good, their drinks were good,  and the pizza took like 10 minutes to come out! However, their pizza was definitely nothing to RAVE about. It was good, but not as good as I had hoped. I'd go here again since its close to my house. But i'd pick Biancos or Cibo or parlor over this place any day.
5	Great pizza, reasonable prices, good times.
3	Pretty tasty pizza and excellent italian pinot grigio! Great service and friendly staff. Does not beat my favorite pizza place in Arizona called Lamplight Pizza.
5	My husband decided to finally try this place on a rare kid-free night... we were not disappointed!We were seated right away and our server was great! He had lots of great recommendations for us such at Milano italian beer (one of my new faves) and the bruschetta. The pizza.. oh my! I LOVED it and didn't want to quit eating.. Luckily for my waist we decided to only grab one pizza although the waiter warned us that we may still want another. We went with the fan favorit e Italian Stallion and was pleased. the Italian meats on it were so good and the crust was by far the best I've ever had. Can't wait to go back!
5	One of our favs! This is the real deal. We've probably tried them all. Friendly family/staff adds a special touch to your dining experience. Yes, it's just pizza...but you can taste the love. The one thing that bothers me to this day is that the last time we went, we ordered the special...it was a white pizza with clams. I have a good palette. A trained palette. The pizza was delish. Really REALLY good. But I was convinced that the "clams" were diced up bay scallops. I asked the waitress. I asked the owner. They were adamant. Whatever the case, the pizza was really good...it still bothers me though. And please, don't get me wrong, we will go back again. And again. It's just killing me bc I'm 99 percent sure I'm right! Lol!
2	We decided to try it Saturday morning after reading the reviews.  Must say I was not impressed.  We tried the Italian Stallion, it was pricey, and SO very salty.  Of course could be me with the salt as I dont eat much salt.   The place was small and the tables very small and chairs VERY uncomfortable.  The wait staff was great though, attentive and helpful.  The spicyness was hidden but it was there.  Could have used more cheese, like thats what I love about Pizza.
2	We joined two other couples on one of our regular nights to eat out and visited this restaurant based upon the reviews, and of course, because it had been featured on Guy Fieri's show. We were disappointed. The pizza was just so-so. We all agreed we had enjoyed much better. The linguine with clam sauce and the calamari were given very good reviews. The service was OK, but even though it was a weekday nite and not very busy, the waitress refused to give separate checks and automatically added an 18% tip. We wound up simply paying thirds of the bill, even though the charges were not even.All of us agreed this was not worth the trip.
3	Good, but not great.  Pizza was too salty and we got the margerita, pesto lasagna was not pestoey enough and too dry.  I mean it was good it just needed a bit more finesse, everything. Big Mexican sodas!
5	Dark, sleek and modern in style the restaurant is a bit small but does have quite a few tables to sit at.  Service was excellent.  The chef even came around to ask everyone how their meal was when we were finished.  The pizza in my opinion is what you HAVE to order at La Piazza. The crust is thin yet light and airy.  My friend chose the Italian Stallion pizza which has more meat on it then I normally order but it was SO good.  The brick oven really brings out the flavor of the pizza and reminds me of good pizza I used to get in NYC.  There are other great things on the menu if you don't like pizza so don't be afraid to try other things.  The baked spaghetti is a well known dish of theirs although I haven't tried it yet.  Oh, if you have room, make sure to order a traditional Italian cannoli for dessert.  MMMMMM.  You won't believe how good it can be!  :)
5	We went to see Glendale Glitters on a recent Tuesday evening. Parked near the park around 8:15. My wife and had heard but never experienced this place before, but knowing they closed at 8:30, decided that at best we would maybe be able to order a to go pizza. We never want to be those people that try and sit right near closing!! Walked up to the restaurant and was warmly greeted at the door, told them we would order and go with it but she asked us to sit, relax and enjoy ourselves! We were very impressed!Shawn our waiter never made us feel like they were about to close, told us to take our time and let him know when we were ready to order. We ordered the calamari appetizer, some wine and a beer. The calamari was awesome, tender and very flavorful. We ordered the Salvatore pizza for the both of us, and it came very quickly! Excellent high quality ingredients, perfect crust! We ate everything, were even offered desert even though they were now closed. Will definitely be back, excellent food and service!! Thanks Shawn
5	My wife and I eat here every chance we get.  The food is excellent, service is always fast and friendly.  You can't go wrong with any of the pizza's.  We usually get the margarita with pepperoni. My wife loves the linguine with clam sauce.  I love the Rigatoni Al Forno and the four cheese ravioli. This is one of the best places on the west side for some real good Italian!!
4	Saw this place on yelp and decided to try it since I LOVE Italian food. The service was friendly and fast. I was a little disappointed that they didnt have to baked spaghetti pie. So opted out to try the baked ravioli and I was not disappointed!  It was awesome!  Next time I'm in Glendale I will for sure hit this place up again!
4	I'm sold & ready to go back.  I walk in as part of a party of four and was able to sample a few different items.  Truly, it was all beyond satisfying.  I tried the cheese ravioli, bruschetta, chicken pesto lasagna & of course i forgot the name of the last dish; it was a pizza with prosciutto.There were a few hiccups with the dining experience.  Nothing too terrible, just take it into account before you show up.Not everything on the menu is always available.  Yes, they ran out of a few items, must have been our fault for getting there toward the end of their hours.  So we didn't get to try the baked spaghetti, but the cheese ravioli was AH-MAZING!  Also, the only dessert they had was cheesecake.  I have nothing, NOTHING, against cheese cake, but I really wanted to try the cannoli & another at my table asked about the tiramisu.  That was when we found out we came when the pastry chef was on vacation.  Maybe next time.+ They serve some beer & wine, not a full bar though, so selection is limited.++ They also serve Mexican coke (different flavor from American coke).- Only had lemon Italian soda that day, & they are small bottles but the same price as the 1ltr coke. Let me also say this: They are usually busy, so a line out of the door to get in is probably common.  This does make it a bit difficult to flag someone down when you need something.Good things all around and I do recommend you try it.  During the winter there is a beautiful view of Glendale Glitters across the street. (BTW, They have a semi-enclosed outdoor dining area. "Al Fresco" anyone?)
5	We discovered and fell in love with La Piazza right before they hit it big on Diners, Drive-in's and Dives!  It was a bummer for awhile because the wait time was ridiculous....that has since died down a bit and we are able to get a table once again: )  I absolutely love the Chicken Marsala!! Yummm!  The pizza is OMG!  We usually get the Margarita Pizza with either sausage and mushroom or prosciutto and artichoke hearts.  If you get lucky enough to show up when they make the Tiramisu you will not be disappointed!  Only complaint is that they rarely make it:(
5	Simply Amazing! Haven't had pizza and cannoli this good since I was last in NY and Italy.
4	Angie and I shared the 4 cheese ravioli, each had a salad adn bread. $16 before tip. The meal was plenty of food for two and the ravioli was really good. The bread was awesome and the salads were fresh. My only with was for a homemade bluecheese dressing. The staff was great. There was no wait @ 7:45 Saturday night. I liked it!
5	I have been to Rome, Florence, Venice, Vicenza,  Bali, and Pizzeria Bianco. La Piazza al Forno makes the absolute best pizza I have ever had. The staff is polite, the time it takes to make a pizza is reasonable, and, once again, the pizza is AMAZING. The Italian Stallion and the Margherita are the ones I get.
2	Food was decent, but not stellar.  I probably should've stuck with pizza, but wanted something else.  Ordered the picatta - probably wouldn't order it again.Went for lunch, restaurant not crowded, but service was almost nonexistent.  Our waiter was pleasant enough, but lunch took two hours.  It seemed like we spent a crazy amount of time trying to flag him down.  He would go to the table next to ours and never even give us a sideways glance.  It got to be quite annoying after having to get up several times to try to speed the process along.  We all felt ridiculous waving our arms around and not being noticed.  I don't feel like one should ever have to wave their arms or leave their seat when paying $15 (per person) for lunch.  When it came to our check - he told us he would "get in an extreme amount of trouble" if he separated the check for us or split the bill 3-ways on credit cards.  We eventually scraped it together, but was reflected in the tip.  This is probably the third or fourth time I've gone here.  There's normally a large time lapse in between - now I remember why.  It will probably be a long time, if ever, that we go back.  Note to the owners/staff - you can't live forever on the "we were on TV" thing.  At some point, the service is going to have to pick it up a notch.
4	The Pizza is extremely delicious; likely my favorite pizza in Arizona.  The crust is very thin but maintains a perfect texture and taste; especially for not being greased up like most place's crusts are.  That being said, it is fairly expensive for what it is; my wife and I got pizza for dinner last night and I had 4 slices of the 6 and just barely felt satisfying.  I can only imagine how the three guys who ordered a single pizza behind us felt.  The chocolate cheesecake is pricey but delicious; I suppose the same could be said for the shrimp appetizer.  I consider this a place to take on a moderate night out, hardly everyday fare!  But it will be worth it!  Also, don't be afraid to head about 100 years east on Glendale Ave after to hitup drinks at the tiny place next to the Gaslight Inn!
4	When we move home to Houston, I am going to miss this place. My sister and I usually share the pesto pizza. My husband gets the pepperoni. The staff is attentive and efficient. Parking is a hassle. It's small, so there are sometimes long waits for tables.
2	To sum up: Crust is fantastic. Pizza toppings were hardly there. Small pizza big price. Rotten lettuce in our antipasto. Waitress nice. Cannoli was great! Would we go back? Nope. Other places do it better.
4	Always good pizza. We've been here a few times over the years since we love Downtown Glendale. This place hit a bit of a rough patch after they were featured on Diner's Drive-Ins and Dives for the first time. I suspect they weren't ready for the huge spike in business that DDD brought. Fortunately, they seem to have pulled it back together. Piazza does old-world style brick oven pizza, and they do it well. The crust is thin and crispy, the sauce is homemade, and the toppings are the real deal. Be prepared to wait for a table if you come on a weekend or during a big Glendale event.
2	So I really love the crust...really love the cheese...but this place needs to work on their customer service.The first time we visited they wouldn't seat two of us at a four top until our other friends arrived.  We would have spent more $$ on some drinks, but even though they were not busy they wouldn't seat us.The second time we had a better experience, but after moving tables to be father from the door (and cold air coming in b/c they wanted to leave it open) our original waitress who brought our drinks was upset and said..."well now I can't help you" because we were in a new area.The third time, though, is the ultimate in tacky service.  Our night was great with awesome pizza....half of us coming from the E Valley for a get-together with out-of-town relatives.  It was great...until after we paid the bill...  As we sat there visiting and enjoying our night, drinking the wine and pop we had paid for, our waitress comes up and asks us to leave.  She said that we were sitting at the only 4 top...and that a wait list was forming.  As we walked out and I think "Is this really happening?  Did I we just give her a 24% tip just to be asked to leave?" I see another totally empty 4 top and only 2 people waiting to be seated.Wow...for a place that claims to be straight from Italy, they should know that in Italy restaurant owners let their customers eat and talk and take as much time as you like.  I'd have to say that time number 3 was it for us...we'll go to Grimaldis, Pizzaria Bianco, or Spinatos the next time we want pizza.
5	They have the best pizza in town.
3	Long term friends of mine saw this place on DDD and had been wanting to try it the next time they were in Phoenix without a family obligation. Well that opportunity happened when I was going in town and Saturday was the only day they had off.My friends drove down from Camp Verde, picked me up from my Grandma's in Sun City and we embarked on Downtown Glendale. I hadn't been to this part of Glendale since I was still living in Phoenix almost 10 years ago now. It was crowded in the whole area when we arrived and at first I thought maybe it was the Farmer's Market, but then realized this was early February and this meant we were stuck in the Chocolate Fair crowd (also meaning not the best time to go to a place for lunch that had been on TV). Since I was technically on "vacation", waiting to eat at a place my friends were so excited about meant I could relax, but what was irritating is that the "hostess" advised to all who put their name down to stay within the direct vicinity of the restaurant as the entire party had to be together. It was a cold and windy afternoon and there was no waiting allowed inside. I did a quick peruse of the surrounding businesses and it seemed as if very few if any had changed. There are still a ton of antique stores, Haus (whatever the German restaurant that was also featured on DDD and other restaurants. It was actually nice to see the old timey feel was still in the neighborhood. After about a good 35 minute wait, we were shown in to our table. The restaurant itself is small and it seemed as if the menu and service was going to be impressive. We all decided to try a couple of salads and a couple of pizzas. They chose one of each as did I. My girlfriend had a glass of Reisling and her husband had his 3rd choice of beer (they were out of the first two choices). I had icd tea and after asking twice for "fake sugar", pulled out my own Grandma stash. It wasn't until someone other than our server came around to refill my tea that Splenda was brought. Long time ago, I was a waitress so this alone tends to piss me off -hence mark off for customer service. The salads ordered were the spinach and caprese. The spinach salad was pretty good but should have been tossed. The caprese was sad. Really really sad. We all know that February is not tomato season, but under ripe beefsteak tomatoes cannot be saved even with house made mozzerrella. For a "foodie" restaurant, this should not have been on the menu at all given the season. The pizza's ordered were the Bianca and the Italian Stallion. I have been to Italy. I have had pizza in numerous places with ovens like these and though it was good, I was not blown away (sadly either were my friends). The Bianca was very mild in flavor and benefited from a splash of balsamic. The outer crust was good but the rest of the pizza was soggy on both-either because it needed to cook a bit longer or because something topping wise was too wet. Our server was friendly taking our order but we never saw her again until the end when she asked if we wanted dessert. I loved spending time with my friends, wished the food was a bit more exciting and super happy that little old Downtown Glendale is popping!
5	After seeing a DDD episode on La Piazza, we went there twice during MLB Spring Training in 2012 with college friends and friend who pitches for the KC Royals. We liked it so much the first time we had to got back a second!  Sandy was our waitress and provided great service and good menu suggestions.  Everything we had was so delicious that we came back with more college friends in 2013 and enjoyed it just as much!  Highly recommend and ask for Sandy's section.  Only disappointment was it is closed on Sundays and Mondays; we would gone there three times if opened then. But employees need time off to be with their family and friends, too!
5	We left nothing on our plates. We started with the Bianca pizza. OMG! Outstanding. The chicken piccata was outstanding. The side of spaghetti I had was just as good. Their red sauce was the best. Two others had the spaghetti pie and they were very pleased. One had Marsala the other had pizza. As I said, the plates were cleaned, nothing left on them. This place is a must go to if you have the chance.
2	Oh man I had such high hopes for this place. Well lets just get into it. When wegot there we waited about 2 minutes before being acknowledged then after finally being greeted we were shown to a table that was 2 seats and very close to another table with people. So I asked if there was anyway to move us to another table in which I pointed too. Only to be told "oh umm if I sit you over there and a party of 3 or 4 come we will have to move you". Being so perplexed by this answer my wife and I sat and stared at each other for a moment.  Then still wanting to give the restaurant a chance we ordered. We got stuffed shrimp and a Bianca pizza. Well the stuffed shrimp was fine I wouldn't order it twice. The pizza was also very bland and just not what we expected. Feeling a little dissatisfied with the whole experience we just left after that.
5	My husband and I had a wonderful dining experience yesterday. We were there around 7:45 and were seated right away. We asked our server for suggestion, had a glass of wine, a beer, an Italian stallion pizza and the ravioli entree. The ravioli was amazing, and the pizza was great, the meat was a little salty, but as to be expected :-)We will for sure be coming back and bringing guests as well!
5	Great brick oven Pizza. The Calzone was good and the Stuffed Shrimp were incredible. Definitely stop by and check them out. Nice atmosphere as well.
5	Crazy good!!!Started with the calamari - lightly breaded, fresh and simply delicious!!Italian Stallion was next - This was cooked to perfection! All the flavors came thru and as a pizza snob, I have to give this one of my highest ratings!Finished with the cheesecake - another home run!All that plus two glasses of wine for just over 40 bucks before tip! To me that is a good value on a Saturday nite!I am looking forward to my next visit!!
2	So I finally tried it and it was ok we had the baked spaghetti plate that Guy had on DDD ....um not all that ...so dry there was not enough cheese or sauce. It was nothing like it was on tv it was like dried block of spaghetti. But what I did like was the Italian Stalion pizza. Now that was the best thing served that day. My son got the spaghetti with sausage ....no flavor whatsoever.  We ordered the cheesecake at the end and those fried dough balls covered in powdered sugar. Then the waiter forgot about us. We ended up getting those dough things for free. I have tried them before at an Italian festival and the were so light and powdery delicious I thought I was going to experience that again. NOPE... the dough was chewy cold  and gross. Basically fried pizza dough. Well I can say the Carmel drizzled cheesecake was bomb.  I say go ahead and try it you may like it then you might not. That's my review for this place. I think they did their best for Guy and Food Network. Not for me
4	You have got to try it! i have eaten here numerous times and have never been disappointed or even a little sad. hats off to the pizza maker it  is truly delicious! the caprese salad with homemade mozz is my fave.The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is the ambiance, it has sooo much more potential then the owners have given it, i just wish it had more character.
2	I never thought it would happen. Guy Fieri betrayed my love and did me wrong. My heart is heavy. **cue woeful harminica**Hubby, daughter and I embarked upon Piazza al Forno after watching triple D and seeing the menu online. We got there and were seated next to a large group that was incredibly loud. So not the restaurant's fault they were obnoxious. But, the waitress would talk to us in her "inside voice" which made her sound like Charlie Brown's teacher. Project, woman. Project!The service was just so lacking. If you are clairvoyant, this is a good place for you. Those of us less gifted need not attend. She asked us if we were ready to order several times and saw we were clearly struggling to decide. Never offered menu info or a run down of specials. She didn't even offer a wine list! This week has sucked, so imagine my horror upon thinking this place was dry as no one ever alluded we could have a glass of wine or presented a list! Mama needed some wine. Help a sister out. Our food came and we got the fried ravioli, baked spaghetti and the Italian Stallion. Nothing was even remotely worth writing home about. The baked spaghetti gave me the sense that they made a whole mess of spaghetti early in the day and threw it in the overn to heat it up when needed. Viola! Baked spaghetti!When we appeared done she just brought us our check. Apparently, my brain waves caught on with their psychic vibe and told her we wanted to get out of dodge.  She never even asked us about dessert or brought back a menu. So, we went to Gelato Spot and I had triamisu flavored gelato. Done. Wanted to love this place but it was so lackluster. So many places in the valley are better.
5	Italian Stallion is really good. Not too much  sauce, great amount of toppings. I will be back.
4	One of the stars of downtown historic Glendale!  Veterans of Diners, Drive-ins & Dives- it's not any of those but I can see (and taste) why Guy chose them to be on his show.  Me and the Princess have been twice and the last time showed a nice little remodel on the place, new paint, tables, chairs, etc.  But since we didn't eat the furniture, let me tell you about the food, which was excellent.  Had an excellent dinner salad coupled with a pizza featuring Schrieners sausage-which is another success story- that sausage is fantastic and used by the best restaurants in Phoenix.  Had delightful service on both occasions and the food-to-value relationship was right on.  Great place to go on a Friday or Saturday and then stroll through antique shops in historic Glendale, AZ.
5	One of the best Italian spots in the Greater Phoenix area....I dont understand the bad reviews on the food as I have been many times and have Never had a bad meal....Go and see if Im lying!
5	The crust was awesome, the ingredients fresh. Definitely a gem in downtown Glendale. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
2	No. No. No. This is not good pizza. Have been to this establishment twice and both times I was disappointed. The crust was burnt. The sauce tasted canned and the service(what service?) was below par.
3	love the Atmosphere, service, & yummy pizza!
3	I had one pizza with pepperoni and mushroom and the other was a margarita pizza. Both were ok, nothing special. I wanted to like this place because it was on triple ds but the pizza was pretty average.
4	More like a 3.5 but I'll bump up because it's a cute, busy place with reasonable prices. The pizza crust is pretty good except the center still gets soggy. Maybe Neapolitan's are like that because I've yet to find one with a crispy crust in the middle. They kind of skimp on the basil though. Chicken pesto lasagna was very rich but not enough chicken. It had a nice sauce that I soaked up with the accompanying bread.  Get this if you love cheese. We also had the the rigatoni al forno which didn't seem like anything special.  We calamari and cheesecake passing by our table looked really good but I wasn't hungry enough to try.
3	It truly pains me to lower La Piazza al Forno to three stars since in the past I had the best tasting pizzas here due to the high quality products they use to prepare the pizzas. They house make the cheese, they use the low acid D.O.C. Tomatoes, a special flour and Extra Virgin Olive Oil and a leaf of fresh basil on every slice. The pizzas are Brick oven Neapolitan Certified Pizzas.This last Margherita D.O.C. Pizza was far different from others I've had here and that is the reason I feel the need to lower to three stars. I thought the crust was actually a good batch of dough as it was chewy with a nice char on the bottom. The pizza had the right structure, the perfect amount of salt and I could taste the E.V.O.O. I know these pizzas are always on the wet side with a moist middle but the pizza I recently received was overly wet and if you take the time to look at my photo and compare it to my old photo or other similar photos you can see the cheese got broken up by the water. Due to all the water on my pizza I couldn't really taste the D.O.P. tomatoes as they were very watery. My pizza was so wet that the center broke from the slices and stuck to the plate. All the water on the pizza sort of deflated it and I also felt deflated and bummed.For what it worth I do note I had excellent pizzas here in the past and your pizza might not come out the way my last one did.Also not a fan of the tropical fruit Iced tea.
5	My husband and I went here last week for the first time, I fell in love when I walked in the door. Being from the Midwest it is a rare thing to find a small business in Phoenix that is not a chain. I had a pizza and brought most of it home and my husband had a pasta dish. We each had a glass of wine. I have nothing bad to say about this place. Our waitress was a so friendly and very attentive. The owner (I think it was him) came out twice to ask us if everything was OK and how we were doing. He did this to everyone sitting in the place. I never felt ignored, the staff was very friendly, the place was clean, the atmosphere was so cute and the food was amazing. I wish they were not closed on Sunday's and Mondays', those are my usual days off so I don't know when I'll get to go back but I can't wait until I do. Very good food.. very good.
5	Worth the drive.  Nice mellow hipster feel.  Great place to catch old friends  Busy place, expect a wait on weekends and special event days
5	Amazing!! Great food, servers, and atmosphere.. The chicken pesto ravioli was the best!
4	food was great, large portions. the server was very friendly and attentive. will definitely go again!
4	Met a friend for an early dinner here on a Tuesday night. Very small place, but there were plenty of tables available. The wait staff is really friendly and knowledgeable. I had the delicious lasagna and my friend had the Italian Stallion (all meat and lots of it!) pizza. We both had wine and just relaxed and enjoyed each other, the wine and the good food. Although I do not live in the west valley, I will find time to head over to downtown Glendale again just for this place. I still have to try the pizza!
5	Best deal on Italian. The seafood dishes are greatly priced.  Servings are massive you will go home full no matter who you are. Bon Appetit!
2	Our server seemed annoyed that we were there, I know realistically this means there was probably issues in the back that we're just being brought to the front. We ordered the caprese as an appetizer, 4 slices cost $8.Our pizza was pretty forgettable as well.I guess I had really high expectations from people I know who have gone in the past, but I'm definitely not going back.
3	The margarita pizza is good! The Italian Stallion pizza was loaded with salt not so good!
5	By far the best Italian food I've had in a long time! I got the four cheese ravioli and my friend got the Mediterranean pizza. It was all very tasty! From now on I will come here instead of Olive Garden. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. There wasn't a moment that went by that my glass was empty. The waitress came by a few times and refilled our water. I would definitely recommend this place to others!
5	This is my favorite place to go for Neapolitan pizza.  The service is usually average to weak and I wish they had a location on the north side but the food is worth it.  Its all about the margarita pizza with the shrimp bruschetta and a big bottle of coke.  Happy happy joy joy.
5	Another Daddy Daughter lunch date and I must say it was worth the drive! The Downtown Glendale area is lacking some public services like dumping the overflowing trash bins on the sidewalks but it didn't stop the food from be spot on.Kid friendly for sure high chairs available with friendly staff offering up a high chair immediately. I ordered a coke and got an awesome tall cold glass bottle     That was a good way to start my meal.As a Boston transplant I miss my seafood so I ordered the stuffed shrimp and got a hearty order of 6 stuffed shrimp on toasted sliced bread with olive oil fresh parsley and fresh lemon. Killer app super fresh shrimp. New England Approved stuffed shrimp is a staple in New England.I followed up with the Gladiator all meat pie with my favorite Schreiners locally cased sausage crumbles and I believe prosciutto shoppers and pepperoni. I only had room for 2 slices and took the rest home to my wife who had to work. This is an important item not discussed often enough......how well did the leftovers travel? Answer...great they supplied me with a box to box myself and it reheated in the toaster oven great for breakfast this morning!Great Staff I believe her name is Patty very friendly and attentive. Make the trip you won't be disappointed if you love quality ingredients and laid back atmosphere and I didn't even wait it was 2pm and I thought I would be waiting but no so another plus.
5	Wow! Wow! Wow!We came in Friday night on a whim and I now credit this as the best decision we have made in years! The restaurant was pretty full but there was a table for two available so we were seated immediately. Sandy was our server and at first she seemed kind of brash but after chatting with her a bit we quickly realized she must have lived in Jersey at some point. She was an absolute delight, she answered all the questions I had, and quickly brought me wine. My favorite moment of the evening was when I heard her ask the chef if they were out of lemons, he said "No, why?" She responded by handing him the dish he just put in the window with the response "than take this back" I loved that she was so attentive of the food coming out of the kitchen and asked the chefs to make it right before bringing it to the guests. We joked that she was a female Gordon Ramsey. I ordered the caprese salad and James ordered the margarita pizza knowing I wanted a slice but did not want meat on my pizza. The pizza came out first and after one bite I didn't even care about my salad that hadn't arrived yet, I was in Pizza Heaven. James had the analogy of it melting in your mouth like cotton candy. Sandy walked by and asked where my salad was, then immediately went to the chefs and requested it ASAP. I didn't even care at that point, I was half way in to my first slice and nothing else mattered. I had 2 pieces of pizza and we shared the caprese. The only complaint about the salad is there wasn't an equal amount of mozzarella and tomato.The next morning we regretted not taking a pizza to go so we could have left overs for breakfast. We'll be back sooner than later and will be requesting Sandy!
3	I had lunch alone here last week.  It was a tasty chicken pesto lasagna.  I returned with three coworkers today.  We enjoyed our meal but the whole group nearly walked out when we saw on the menu that they do not split bills - one bill per table.  We discussed this with our server but she only would agree to two equally split bills.  The four of us were on a business trip, the company covers our meals if we use the company credit card.  Only two of us had any cash.  Anyway, we each teamed up to pay for one coworker's bill, knowing we would have trouble getting our company to reimburse us.   It was a real downer that ruined what should have been a nice lunch.  We could have sat at separate tables to get around this silly and unfriendly policy, but that would be like adding insult to injury.
5	Love this place! Best pizza and hands down competes with the best in New York. Highly recommend! Nice casual atmosphere and family owned as well.
4	Auntie nephew night!!!! Omgggggg of course the day I want to go eat here. GLENDALE GLITTERS HAD TO HAPPEN. Literally across the way!!! She said it was half an hour wait. Which we all know that's bs. Ugh. So my nephew and I walked around Glendale glitters.  Came back.......stilllllllll waiting. An hour and ten minutes later we got seated. Yessssss. I ordered the bianca with mushroom. It was phenomenal!!!! The crust to the cheese and the mushroom yummmmm. They didn't give me much basil on my pizza, but I still love it. Lolz.Nephew ordered rhe Italian stallion, which has I believe pepperoni sausage and cheese. He was impressed for a ten year old :) he loved it so much,  he wants to come back next week.. haha.This place is so tiny but yet, a lot of ppl come here.Highly recommended.  For dates, casual girls night out, and of course for auntie nephew night
5	We ventured in last weekend and had a great meal and some good Italian beer. Loved the food. We ordered several Pizzas and a pasta dish. Everyone was fully satisfied. Every thing was delicious and we will definitely be going back. The servers were great and very personable.
5	Great pizza! The toppings are flavorful. The crust had the perfect amount of chewiness. They use a high quality cheese and the sauce was well balanced. I will definitely go back!
4	This place was showcased by Guy Fieri and because I've tried many of his other N-AZ. triple D pics which sorely disappoint, I did not feel reassured. in fact I was somewhat skeptical this place would pan out, but it DID! This place doesn't look like much on the outside or inside but it serves legit Italian food. I loved the wood fired pizza. The crust and flavor is delectable on a level several notches above the average wood fired pizza place. I also sampled the cheese ravioli which surprisingly can be really lousy and bland elsewhere. Here the sauce was a tasty tomato cream sauce with sun dried tomato and fresh basil - very nice. Service was spot on, as was the price. I see delicious potential and possibility in the other untried menu items so I'm sure to return and update this review. 4 stars for you now though. Give this place a try!
5	This place is a favorite among my friends and I especially because of the wonderful location. My favorite drink is their bottled Mexican Coke, I get it wherever I can! My favorite pizza there is there Margherita pizza, simply beautiful and delicious. Their ingredients are fresh and their crust is to die for. I only wish they were open later!
1	Went here because of watching it on food network and wanted to try the spaghetti pie. My stepdad and I went when there were very few customers. We were greeted by a very annoyed looking waitress, and when my stepdad asked for a table closer to the tv( no one in the place) she rolled her eyes and did. To make matters worse, we could smell the bathroom. (We weren't even close to it.) I couldn't find the spaghetti pie so I ordered the Mediterranean meal and my stepdad ordered the lasagna. The food was great but could not make up for the rude service and terrible experience. Ever since then, I have hated the place.
5	Wow. Small place, huge flavor. Friendly, not prissy waiter. Knew the menu inside and out. Made great recommendations. Pizza is as good as the best out there: Bianco, Grazie, etc. good pasta and amazing cannoli. Saw them featured on PBS Check Please! show. So glad we found them!
5	Unreal.  That says it all.We saw. La Piazza al Forno reviewed on Check Please AZ.  They loved it so we knew we were in for something special.We were immediately met at the door by our waitress who seated us, and was very attentive throughout.  Nice job!We started with the calamari and mussels which were the best I've had, bar none, and I've eaten a LOT of calamari.  Super tender with a slight crunch.  Not the least bit rubberyThe mussels in the dish were also good.  The tomato broth was nothing short of exquisite.  So good, I could've eaten it as a soup on it's own.We moved on to the Salavator pizza.  Phenomenal.  Perfect crust with just the right amount of "pull" when biting it away from the piece, excellent mozzarella, good display of arugula, and the prosciutto was proportional, yet not overwhelming.  Spot on - on all accounts.Wrapped things up with the wine cake.  Excellent.  A lot of favors in the perfect size serving.  I highly recommend it.All in all, the menu was pretty diverse while not overdone.  There were many other pies that looked awesome, along with other dishes that looked really good.  First visit, so we had to go for the pie and the calamari, but that whet our appetites for the next visit which will come soon!
5	Must get the Italian Stallion!! Their Pesto sauce is delicious as well.
5	The best authentic Italian pizza YUM.  Sweet and friendly staff that works hard to get your pizza served hot to your table.  Love this place...the greatest pizza you will find in all of Phoenix.  Save room for homemade cheese cake.  We will be back soon to eat more food!
5	Thebomb.com. Don't just think about going. GO!!!!!!! Best pizza I have ever had and I've had several in Chicago. Wow! I asked for extra mozzarella chunks and it was the most perfect pizza for this pregnant mama. 10 stars!
5	Every time I pass by this place it always seemed busy so I never stopped but today I decided to try it. All I can say is that it is amazing! It's so good, I wish I have eaten here sooner. White pizza is excellent! The table next to me got fried ravioli I think and it looked really, I will definitely try that next time. If you haven't been here then you definitely should make it a goal to stop by.
5	Great little pizza joint.  Best I've had in Phoenix area.  Mussels/Calamari appetizer was delightful.  Pizza was super yummy.  We went around 5pm on a Saturday and had no wait.  The line was getting quite long as we were leaving.  Waitress rocked.  Loved her.  Good pick.
4	Delizioso!!!!  Pizzas made with high quality ingredients and cooked in a brick oven. Ate here once and can't wait to go again. I'm adding this to our places to eat pizza. We have 4 go to pizza places now. Great pizza is hard to come by so give this place a try.
5	Finally found an awesome pizza place in AZ!It only took me 6 years to find this incredible little restaurant!One of The Best Margherita pizzas I've ever had!Raviolis and sauce were perfect, and their homemade cheesecake was to die for!True perfection!My mouth is watering just thinking about it!!
5	Nothing fancy about this neighborhood pizza restaurant but great value and fabulous pies.  We had the Regina Margherita DOC and the Salvatore.  Both arrived piping hot - so light and crunchy, not overwhelmed with too many toppings but what was there was delicious.  Loved the lightly charred flavor from the oven.  Service was quick and friendly.Took home a chocolate cannoli which was equally delicious.
5	Ordered the fried ravioli and the Italian stallion pizza. I know I picked a great place when my boyfriends eyes rolled into the back of his head lol. Amazing food! Coming back again for sure
4	Ordered the MARGHERITA D.O.C. and ITALIAN STALLION.  Both were phenomenal.  Where was this place when i was living out in Glendale?  It is still a strange location to me to have such a high quality Neapolitan pizza joint.  Would very highly recommend.  5 Stars for the pizza.  3 Stars for the wait and the location (difficult parking).
5	This pizza place is not like the others. This is not pizza you get when you just don't want make dinner for your family. This pizza is expertly crafted and they have very created recipes. My two favorites are the Italian stallion and the honey Chile pizza. The honey Chile one is the most perfect session of spicy and sweet. You will forget that you are even eating pizza.
5	Patty Was the best waitress. Loved it. Calzone and fettucinni was great. Cannoli and mamas cheesecake do not leave without having! Great family restaurant
5	This place is awesome! From the iced tea to the desserts, this hit all cylinders. Service was great and they knew the menu. The chicken pesto lasagna was beyond amazing! My family and I will be back.
2	I just don't understand what all the hype is about this place. Sure its cute, and has an amazing location in downtown Glendale. The lighting and ambiance set a nice relaxing mood. We loved the chef photographs on the wall, a definite eyecatcher for the artsy district. My kids got calzones with sauce. The sauce was good, rich, thick and just the right amount of sweetness. That's the good news. The patrons were snooty, and packed in tight. The servers seemed equally snooty. Our little server seemed frustrated with us, rushed us on ordering, and genuinely didn't seem to want to be there. It made ME not want to be there. I got the cattle herd feeling, like I was being rushed in and forced to order, and get the hell out of there as soon as possible. My husband and I split a pizza. I was excited to try it, because of all the good reviews. The bottom was blackened, though I was told it was supposed to be that way. I really wish the pizza would have had some kind of hint of that sauce. The toppings were really skimpy.  If I wanted a grilled cheese, I would have eaten at home. In fact, I did. I couldn't stomach the blackened crust. The soda bottles were fun and nostalgic, but I prefer fountain drinks. It seemed like a cheap way to keep drink costs down and keep the servers less busy filling drinks. The food seemed a little overpriced to me. The whole place just seems a little too proud, without much effort to try to be better. The server didn't seem very attentive, and didn't notice that I didn't eat. That's okay. Plenty of other customers were just waiting for my seat. I just don't get it. Do your customers a favor and find chairs that are more comfortable! I'm willing to overlook all of the above, except for those god awful metal chairs. Maybe the chairs are uncomfortable so that you will leave faster. I know it worked for me. I hope this was a fluke, because this place is pretty cute. But you won't see me giving it another try.
5	It was on the spur of the moment that we decided to try this place.  There was a wait and we were starving.  We almost decided to go somewhere else.  I am so glad we stayed.  My family loves pizza but I am not as big a fan.  I will tell you that if you love pizza you should try this place.  It was the best pizza I have ever tasted.  My husband loved every bite and agreed that it was the best.  Their homemade sauce was at the center of this delicious masterpiece.  We started with the spinach salad and the bread and oil.  These were perfect starters and both totally delicious.  We got the Italian Stallion and the Salvatore to share.  They were both delicious and I found myself wanting more.  My in-laws got the lasagna and the chicken marsala.  I was able to try both of these and they were also both delicious.  We got the plain cheesecake and the raspberry drizzled cheesecake as well as the cannoli.  They again were all divine.  The next day we all started discussing when we should go back.  I surely can't wait.
4	Their pizza was so much better this time around. I think I may have ordered the wrong pizza last time! We ordered the Mediterranean pizza with feta on the side and it was delicious! It was so greasy and good but not soggy. We also got the mozzarella chicken lasagna, which looked amazing but tasted just eh. But as other dishes were passing by, they looked so good. I will definitely go back. I really enjoy this place!
4	Yum! Boyfriend and I decided to try this place. My sister was new to town with her 3 year old autistic child and we thought a pizza night would be fun. We were right! The staff here were amazing. My god son was all over the place and pretty loud. The staff didn't mind nor did the other restaurant guests. Now for the pizza review. We ordered the Italian Stallion and the Mediterranean. Both were delicious. They use real brick ovens to cook the pizza. We also ordered the calamari for a starter. Between the 3 adults and 1 toddler we finished everything. I was seriously impressed with this small but cozy place. I do recommend anyone to try it. Cheers!
5	Very good pizza.  Service was top notch and fast.  In was able to catch a quick lunch and get back to work without any issues.  Highly recommended.
5	Best pizza in Glendale.. no.. in all of Phoenix. Maybe...   Arizona. Authentic at its best to say the least! Delicious, top spot for sure!
2	Since this restaurant was on Diners, Dives, and Drive Ins (Food Network show), a friend and I decided to eat here. We started with the fried calamari, which wasn't too bad. I've had worse in Austin, TX. The fried calamari's consistency of the batter was just right, but could've used less salt. I ordered the frutti di mare with white sauce ($16), and it was okay. There were 6 mussels, about 4 plump shrimp, and lots of shelled clams. It was too salty though, so I stopped eating once I finished the pasta. The dish was unbalanced in my opinion. I had plenty of seafood while my friend (who ordered the same thing) had plenty of pasta. I ended up giving him some of my seafood. I've definitely had better in Portland, OR, which is why I give two stars (Meh. I've experienced better).You may wonder why I didn't order pizza, the highlight of the restaurant. I knew we would end up ordering pizza later, post game (was in town for US-Mexico soccer match this past week). So, I didn't want to have two meals in a row with pizza. Maybe I should have anyway, but oh well.The restaurant doesn't have root beer, FYI. Service was not good. It took the waitress about 10 minutes just to bring water after being seated, and it took another 10 minutes to get the check. My stomach was upset shortly after eating the seafood pasta. So, I won't be back!
5	Far Superior to Pizza Bianca! Great food at a great price and service.  Would recommend this place to anyone who loves real Italian food made with love and care!
5	Ok, this trip has been ridiculous. I don't usually give so many great ratings...but If you are in Glendale and dont eat here... Well you missed out. Spaghetti pie, great lasagna and chicken Marsala... Wowwww... And this place is known for Pizzza .... Go go go Now!
3	I finally went to try this piazza out. It was good not really anything out of the norm from any other pizza I've had. I just had the margherita it was tasty. Kind of thin but I like the crust. I'll probably go back for another pizza with more toppings.
5	I love this place. Best Pizza ever! I have been searching for over 10 years for really good pizza and found it here. You must try the stuffed shrimp as an appetizer.
4	I am an ex-NYer who moved to northern California 40 years ago.  I regularly visit Glendale to see relatives. The places my relatives like to go to are mostly chain restaurants.This restaurant was recommended to me by someone with roots in NY.  My tastes in Italian food go back to my roots.  The food here hits a home run in my book.The staff point out that it's not NY Italian, but Neapolitan cooking, but NY Italian has its roots there so effectively they are the same or very close.I had the lasagna.  A large portion, with plenty of meat and a great sauce with the right tartness.  One taste of this sauce and I knew the pizza will be good. Delicioso!The dinner salad was fine, but nothing special.Good selection of Italian beer.The prices are very reasonable as well ($10 for lasagna is cheap compared to restaurants where I live).Decor is basic.     I will definitely return and can't wait to try other items on the menu.  In the land of chain restaurants that dominate most cities, it is great to find a local place.
4	Saw this place on Check Please Arizona and decided to try it.  As a former New Yorker I am always looking for great pizza which is quite scarce in Arizona (sorry).  I ordered the Salvatore which has tomatoes, mozzarella, proscuitto (crudo), parmagiano cheese and fresh arugula.  WHAT???  WHAT??? I am still asking myself this after having eaten a slice of this pizza.  WHAT??  Did I die and go to pizza heaven?  Am I in New York without knowing it?  Am I dreaming that I am in Italy eating this amazing, amazing, incredible, delicious, pizza???  WHAT is happening here????  WHAT IS HAPPENING HERE IS THAT THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST PIZZA I EVER ATE... THAT'S WHAT!  So let's give 5 friggen' stars for the PIZZA.  Ba da boom!  Nicely charred crust and fresh ingredients.  OMG, let me not reminisce.  We had a glass a Chianti for $8 which was a bit on the vinegary side.  Two stars for that.  Hubby had the pollo al something.  Chicken breast with peppers, onions, olives over pasta.  Sounds good right?  He said it was just OK.  Two stars for the pollo dish. He might have had better luck with the chicken marsala.  I made the mistake of flipping out when I saw zeppoles on the dessert menu. They are a staple of NY Italian street festivals so I ordered them.  One taste and I knew this was fried pizza dough.  The saltiness of the dough and the lack of a soft doughnut-like texture was a giveaway.  These were hard and dry.  Not greasy though. Not good.  Take it off the menu or don't call them zeppoles.  0 stars for the "zeppoles".  So what are we up to?  5 stars for the pizza, 2 stars for the wine, 2 stars for the chicken dish and "0" stars for the zeppole.  Let's do an average.  We have 9 divided by 4 equals 2.25.  But that doesn't capture the excellence of the pizza nor does it capture the excellence of the service provided by Karen.  So let's round it up to 4 stars---Thank you Karen and  you Mr. Pizza-maker whoever you are.  You made me a pizza that I will not soon forget.
4	Lead here by Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  Glad I stopped through for a great pizza.  The place was all I expected as being part of the DDD.  Would not have stopped in based on the look, but glad I did.  Service must come at an extra price, but the food was definitely worth the wait.
5	I feel like locally owned business with a great menu and wine selction can be hard to come by in the West Valley. However, this spot is right on par. I have had everything from the brick oven pizza's (Bianca and Mediterranean, eggplant parmesean to something not on the menu, baked spaghetti and cannoli's. The quality of the food and the price can't be beat!
5	Hands down the best cheesecake I've ever had.Pizza was amazing, perfectly crispy n chewy and soft.  The clam linguine flavor was great, it was just a bit sandy
3	Ehhhhhhhh I'd say this was a 3.5 star experience.  Our server was really sweet & we were seated right away.  I ordered the Pizza Bianca, hubby ordered Regina Margherita & my mom got just the regular Margherita.  We were in Naples together exactly 1 year to the day that we ate here & had been craving pizza like that again so we had high hopes.  All the reviews said it was just like in Italy but after getting our pizza I had to beg to differ.  The sauce on my husband & my moms pizza was insanely sweet, the cheese was good & the texture of the crust was spot on but we couldn't get over the sweetness of the sauce. My pizza was the flop of the bunch, not a lot of flavor at all which I was expecting a nice garlic flavor but didn't really detect much of that, it was just a lot of chunks of ricotta.  My dad heard about this place & really wants to visit when he's in town but other than that I don't know if I'll be back.
5	Top notch food, service and maybe the best pizza place in AZ.  Saw this place on triple D and went to try it out.  We tried the caprese which rocked with homemade mozzarella, ordered a couple pizzas (stallion and Margherita)  and salads with a few beers!  Since its so good, expect it to be busy and surprised when its not busy, then you  plan for some slow service (hang out and talk with your dinner party for a change) due to the mass of pizza zombies waiting to whet their hunger with lovely wood fired pizza!Will be back for sure!!!!!!!!
4	Good pizza, but not the best we've ever had. My husband had the Italian Stallion--the meats had a great zing--and I had the Salvatore. The crust was nice and chewy--thin, but not weak. The greatest thing was the mozzarella cheese. You can really tell it's fresh.Also, we had a chocolate cannoli, because somehow I have lived this long and tried so many desserts, but never a cannoli. It was quite tasty, though it took a team effort for us to crunch through the shell with just forks.Service was good. We arrived at 11:10 and we were the second group seated for lunch and the first to get our orders! It's cool to see the chef tossing the pizza dough in the air. The food was done in ten minutes. I'm glad we found out this place from Check Please Arizona. I really wouldn't mind going there again, as I desperately want to try the Bianca pizza, but I wouldn't drive all the way to downtown Glendale for solely that purpose.
4	Try the fried ravioli, you won't regret it.
4	Met up with a friend for dinner. My first time at this restaurant. Ordered the Chicken Pesto Lasagna. They served a very large portion, which half could be brought home for another meal (yes, I ate the entire thing. I'm a growing boy).Service was great. Michelle (I think that was her name) was attentive and patient as we asked lots of questions.Tried only one chianti and will need to try another one. I like a sharp, dry chianti. Told they make the cheesecake. While I had enough room to share an appetizer, have a few slices of Italian bread, and my brick-sized serving of lasagna, I skipped dessert. (Yes, I could've had dessert, but my friend had to leave).I want to try their pizza and feeling like there's a hole in my heart from missing dessert.
4	I would give this place 5 stars but I didn't get to try much of their food. I will say the pizza I ordered was excellent! I had the margarita with peperoni, mushrooms, and olives. The olives are whole...delicious! The peperoni is so good too. The server was very attentive and helpful with ordering and the wine selection. I can't wait to go back!
5	First of all, the crust is amazing. This little place knows how to dish out a great pizza. If only I had a bigger stomach. I will definitely be back for more!Plenty of street parking. Clean inside and out. Friendly staff. You can't ask for much more.
5	Most excellent. Love the service and the food. Kind of makes you feel like you are at home.  My wife had the pesto lasagna and I had the Italian  Stallion. Both very good
4	La Piazza al Forno is one of the few places in the Valley that serves Certified Neapolitan Specialty Pizzas. This time I received a perfect Margherita Pizza! The Crust was tender and with a little crispness, it was soft in the middle but I was able to pick up the slices. The tomatoes were delicious and came threw. The cheese was flavorful and just right. The basil and added Calabrian Peppers really made it pop! That pizza was excellent! This really was the best tasting pizza I had in the valley.I've been here many times and I can't give 5 stars because the last two times I was here the pizzas differed so I don't know if you or me will get a perfect one next time. If you take the time to view the photos I posted perviously you can see how the pizzas can differ.The popular dinner Special here is the spaghetti pie and I can tell you the Cheese Cake from here is Outstanding.Service from here always has been friendly and efficient.
5	Hands down the best pizza in AZ. The ingredients are fresh and vibrant. The crust was light airy and delicious. We tried the Salvatore and Italian Stallion and can confirm that this place lives up to the height.
5	I absolutely loved this place!!! We ordered the pizza daivola and the four cheese ravioli. Perfect combo together. I have never tasted a pizza soooo explosive in flavor, the salami with the honey and the spice peppers gave it an exquisite taste, and the red creamy sauce in the ravioli....OMG just excellent!!! I live in California, I would fly in just for this place:)))) our waiter was GREAT (Josh..I think) we told him it was our last day in California and he have us a free cannoli to go! So wonderful.
4	Showed up on a Saturday and got the last table without a wait. The decor is ok but our table had quite a slant. Glad we weren't ordering soup.  The waiter was good, he had a Jack Black vibe about him.  Ordered the Italian Stalin and a Bianco to share.  The Stalin was very good! The Bianco was nice, but needed salt, which we did not have and something else but not sure what.  If I'm back in Az I'll go again.
2	Wanted to love it but extremely disappointed in the service & quality of pizza (burned).  Ok atmosphere, clean & approximately 16 tables staggered here & there. Staff was friendly & seated us immediately at 6:15 on a Thursday night. Order was taken quickly & the older female (owner) suggested pizza my 8 & 10 y.o. would like, but I felt rushed to order (she never took our drink order). We ordered water, the Bianca pizza  and antipasto family salad. The salad came quickly ($12), was large & very good but extremely heavy on the vinegar & oil. We never saw our waitress for most of our meal. After another 15 minutes, a young male server brought us our pizza with no serving spatula, no napkins & no plates. He set the pizza on the edge of our table & quickly left before we could ask for new plates (our current plates were swimming in salad oil/dressing). At first, the Bianca pizza looked amazing, but the thin under crust was extremely black & burned on 2/3 of the crust. I don't like burned crust! After 15 more minutes, we finally saw our waitress & asked for more water & to please put in an order for the Margharita Pizza as my kids were still hungry (12" pizzas). She never asked how our meal was. By now, the place was fairly full. I only saw 2 servers for 16 tables. Finally after another 15 minutes, we flagged down someone to ask for more water & our waitress. Just then, a sweet older gentleman with a limp (owner) noticed our oily plates & offered to bring new plates and more water as ours were empty. He brought new plates & some extra napkins & took 2 of our 4 glasses away for water. We didn't see him again until our pizza came 15 minutes later, & he had forgotten to bring 2 of our 4 waters. Again, the second pizza (Margherita) was burned on both the top & the entire bottom of the crust. It had very little red sauce and the cheese was sparse. I could not eat it as it was just too burned on the bottom and was not good. Another 15 minutes went by with no check or offer for a box for our extra salad. I finally had to flag our waitress down & ask to order a piece of cheese cake and our check. She said, "just a minute". Finally, after another 10 minutes, she brought our cheesecake but nothing else. I then asked her again for a box & the check. Another 5 minutes went by to get our check. She never asked us how our meal was. Our favorite items that we could recommend are the Antipasto salad and their homemade cheese cake. The cheese cake was whipped, light, fluffy and delicious but not a very big piece for $5.50. Our bill was $50 (tip incl.) for two 12" pizzas, one antipasto salad, one piece of cake & no beverages. If we go back, it will not be for the pizza! We will order different Italian entrees, salad or dessert.
3	Went here because it was featured on Triple D. Service was good. And so was the Pizza. I was a little disappointed. Minus the brick oven I could have made better pizza at home. Perhaps if I try this place again I will try something else on the menu.
4	Great cheesecake,  service was very pleasant and pizza was very good. . .they are doing it right!  Nothing fancy on decor but very pleasant and comfortable. . .will be back
3	went here for lunch today. It was ok, the bruschetta was really good but the bread was cut too thin so some of the pieces were falling apart. I had the margarita pizza but it was cold by the time my husbands Fettuccine came out. He said the chicken in his dish was dry.We were expecting a lot more since Guy Fieri had been there.The staff was very nice and friendly. They just need the cooks to bring the place back
5	What an amazing place! I don't know why it took 2 years for us to go, but after seeing the "Diners-Drive Ins and Dives", we had to go since we are trying to go to all the local places seen on the show we had to try it. I would have given 5 stars, and I may be ultra critical, but I really didn't care for how noisy the chairs were. The metal legs were screaming against the floor every-time someone pushed their chair, and it sounded like nails a on a chalk board. Now for the food and service: Perfection! The waitstaff was very busy but attentive to our needs. They know their wine selection, and menu like the back of their hands and will give you a recommendation you won't  regret. Have you ever had homemade mozzarella cheese? Well look no further, so silky. I challenge you to find another Neapolitan certified pizza, outside of Italy or New York, as good. The cheesecake and Cannoli were also a very good ending to a wonderful dinner. Word of advice- get there early, boy are they busy! We will be back over and over and over.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place.  The atmosphere was great, server was attentive and extremely knowledgable on the menu.  We ordered the italin stallion and the margherita pizza's and calamari for an appetizer.  The appetizer came out quickly, and was delish!  By the time we'd finished with the calamari, we'd waited five minutes and the pizza's came out piping hot! We finished our meal with a canoli and choc. Canoli for dessert to go.  We got home and tried them and they were the best canoli I have ever tasted.  The shell was crispy amd filling was so decadent, but not overly sweet.  You could tell they are made to order. We will definitely be back!
5	What is better than having pizza for lunch?  Following it up with pizza for dinner!  I had this placed bookmarked and decided to try it out on the way home from work.  It's located in downtown historic Glendale which looked pretty cool.  I found parking around the corner on a side street and walked half a block to the restaurant.  I walked in, was seated, and placed my order.  I went with the Margherita D.O.C and a Diet Coke.  Here is how it was...................Margherita D.O.C ($10.00) -  This is simple and straight to the point.  San Marzano Tomatoes, Olive Oil, House Made Mozzarella and some Fresh Basil.  So simple yet so delicious.  The pizza was perfect!  The tomatoes, fresh mozz and basil did wonders to my mouth.  The crust was nice and salty and chewy with a nice char on it.  It was foldable and everything held together well.  This is one of the times where I was damn close to ordering another pizza.  It was phenomenal and one of, if not the best Neapolitan pizzas I have ever had.  It was a pretty large "personal" pizza too and the price was right!Diet Coke ($2.50)-  They serve Mexican Coke products here.  They bring you a bottle and a glass with ice.  It was refreshing.  No refills though since its sold by the bottle.Service was fantastic!  The hostess, waitress and even owner? came by and asked how everything was.  It was pretty much a perfect meal!  I will be back in the near future!  Now that I think about it, I definitely should have ordered another one..........my mouth is watering just thinking about how great it was!  Fantastic pizza!
3	The service is awful!! The hostess was our waitress as well as everyone else's hostess and waitress. We felt rushed when ordering. They dont have a kids menu and you basically have to order what's on the menu as is. Although,  our first impression wasn't good. I do have to admit the food was delicious! We ordered the stuffed shrimp,  which were so good. The Italian stallion pizza was tasty as well. I would have given it a higher score for the food, but the service just wasn't good. We won't be going back.
1	Walking in the place looks cute, clean and not busy. However being ignored so you can finish wrapping silverware before seating us was not cute. My brother had to cough for you to buy a clue we wanted service. After we did get seated and decided what we wanted we were told the shrimp we wanted was not available. Then after picking something else and ordering a salad, it came dry with only a slight drizzle of dressing. At this point a couple walks in and they too have to whistle to get service, totally unacceptable when you only have 4 customers. I ordered the rigatoni which tasted like the pasta had been left out and dried on the edges. My mom ordered the pesto fettuccine which wasn't bad but wasn't good either. My brother ordered the ravioli and said it was good. As we were eating there was some chatter from the kitchen and the language was foul and inappropriate. We over heard the cooks laughing at us because apparently they had saved the last of the shrimp for themselves and decided to cook it while we were there so we could smell it. My mom got up to let them know they had horrible mouths but they never apologized. I was greatly disappointed after all the hype this place received and I can safely say we will not be back. I will say Michelle our server was wonderful and hard working. She did not stop the whole time we were there. I was also very disappointed to see the male employee who was wrapping silverware couldn't even be a gentleman and bring the chairs in from outside before he left. I'm not saying Michelle needed help but it would have been the nice thing to do. Like I said Michelle was awesome and she is the only reason I didn't make a stink about paying for the meal I didn't finish eating.
5	First, the service was amazing! I forgot the girls servers name, but we came 30mins before they were going to close. And they were so welcoming! They had us seated in 1min, took our orders, and always checked up on how were doing, and continuosly gave us refills. Service was on point. The place is not the best looking place. Its small, not fancy, simple just to sit, eat, and hangout.I had the chicken pesto lasagna, full of flavors! Good portion that filled me up! There pizza was well made! Flavor flavor flavor! Its not so loud at all possibly cuz we came 30mins before closing. So i would say at the time, noise level was peaceful.I would highly recommend this to anyone. I gave 5 stars cuz of the great service and tasty food!
4	I saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives so I knew I had to try it. My wife and I each got a pizza. I got the Italian Stallion and it was very good. My only gripe is that the meat was pretty salty. The red wine pairing was also on point. Oh and the chocolate Canoli (sp?) was AWESOME!
2	BAD service. Amazing food. Didn't seat us within the time frame and was not kind about it. Sat us and added gratuity with 4 adults eating?!?  We asked if she charged us on the bottom and she said yes. We had two babies and two toddlers that were restless or I would've argued it. Pizza was amazing. Calamari as well.
3	I guess I'm one of the few people who isn't thrilled by this place. I've had their margarita pizza a few times and a few of their pastas.. Eh, I've had a lot better. Their cheesecake is ok. Nothing spectacular. I do like a few of their wines. The service is never great either. They always seemed understaffed.. Our waitress was serving practically every single outside table last night. She also seemed really peeved to be working and wasn't very friendly. Anyways, I only come here because my sister loves it so I will probably be back because of her!
5	Went there last night and was amazed once again by the food!  This is my "go to" Italian place when we're in AZ!  We bring all of our guests here and they are always impressed! Took out oldest son and his wife there for the first time... They LOVED it!!Last night I had the lasagna and my wife had the chicken pesto lasagna!! I usually don't eat it all and save some for morning, but I guess I was a little hungry, cuz I'm wishing I had some leftover for breakfast!!Well worth the visit.... Thank you!!
5	Came to see the Glendale CHRISTmas lights ... Asked someone where to eat . Lo and behold , right across the street ! Wow !! The wonderful aromas when you walk in ! Amazing pizza , and the cheesecake was the best ever !! Try it !
3	Best PIZZA in the valley!  I knocked them down because they only serve soft drinks in bottles & had no diet cola drinks.
