1	First off a came in and the guy didn't acknowledge me, and when he thought it was a decent time to ask me if I needed help. I told him that I called for tires cause I had a flat then, the guy said wait a minute and helped a guy who just wanted air in his tire so I waited for them to finish and he said how can I help you again and I said I would like a tire, then he asked for my keys said have. I been here before then said you can sit down now. If I wasn't form another city I wouldn't have come but I'm in a tight situation so I had to bite the bullet. Never again tho
1	I took my car here after my TPMS light came on. They found a nail in it, but also claimed my shocks were going bad 30,000 miles too soon.  However, it turned out my shocks were fine.  So these guys almost made me spend $250 for unnecessary repairs. Disgraceful.
1	If you already know what you need and are OK paying more for it here than any other place...  proceed.   They want to sell you anything regardless.I asked to have one tire patched.   The manager was unable to give me any estimate for over 20 minutes until my car was on the rack and the wheel was off the car.   I asked three times how much patches cost.  He reluctantly said they average $30 eventually.   So mine will be less?   "Well, ummm...   no"No shit, my tire is an above average achiever.  After the tire engineer inspected my tires his opinion was that it couldn't be fixed because it was too close to the sidewall.  I found this amazing given I could see it was over 1 inch from the sidewall into the treads.   The manager then pushed a full set of tires my way for $850.   He was surprised when I had them put it all back and I drove away.       btw - The same set of tires at another shop was $700 out the door.   The other shop also patched my tire for $20 and laughed at this story.
1	In Oct. my son that is at  UNCC had a nail in his tire. The person at Tire Kingdom told him he needed 3 new tires., THe car is dented and has over 151,000 miles on it.We told him to match the tread. Instead of giving him options of prices they put on$ 184.00 tires EAC on the vehicle. I called very upset the next morning and the manger said he would not give me an exchange nor would he give me any money off. He offered a 4th tire with a $70.00 rebate and would discount an oil change! This is taking advantage of a young consumer and  in my opinion a terrible way of doing business. I would NEVER recommend this company.
1	Worst customer service ever. The manager is rude and talks bad about the client and little care for his customer
5	The new service manager Kenny was extremely polite and helpful in explaining options for my wife's vehicle. I've been coming to this location for over a decade and have always been pleased with the services received.
1	Worst place ever. Don't go there. Customer service was awful and they didn't even do what I asked them to, due to them trying to scam me for more business. I will never go back.
