3	Good middle eastern food.  Limited beverages.  Try many different items.  Have dessert.
5	Stopped here during a shopping visit with a friend and was pleasantly surprised. The blah strip mall setting defies the pleasant, warm decor inside. It's actually a date-worthy restaurant. Our server was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. He checked on us often, refilled our drinks promptly, and brought the check quickly.We started with baba gannoush which was perfect, although I wish restaurants like these would give you an upgrade from the standard 1000-in-a-pack plain pita to go with it. The portion was plenty for 2-4 people to share.I had the Jasmine's Favorite rice with chicken tawook. Sooo impressed with this dish. The blend of beans, chickpeas, carrots, onions, potatoes, and other veggies and spices was spot on and the portion size was generous enough to take home a lunch-sized portion for later.This will definitely be added to my list of places to frequent at Waterworks.
1	NEVER AGAIN!! Went for lunch with my wife on a Wednesday.  We sat at 12:25 PM.  We ordered the Kibbie and  two Chicken Salad Rolled Pitas.  We asked to have all of the food come out together as we were in a bit of a hurry.  We inquired about our food at 12:50 PM when we noticed guests seated after us were served some appetizers.  We also commented that the gentleman who was seated just before us finished his meal, paid, and had left the restaurant.  Our server mentioned that our food would take longer because we ordered food that had to be cooked.  We sat and sipped on our drinks until 1:10 PM and we could not take it anymore.  We asked for our food to go.  The hostess/manager apologized and offered to throw in desserts.  We declined the desserts, and she comped the Kibbie.  We waited another 10 minutes at the front door as our food was still not ready.  As we walked out the door the hostess/manager mentioned that a trainee was in the kitchen, and that was the reason for the delay.  It was a frustrating experience, and I will not go back.  You cannot have a weekday lunch go an hour without any food.  It is inexcusable.
3	Came here for a late dinner with a friend. I got a pita with hummus, tabouleh and vegetables, plus one of their berry smoothies. Food was fresh and filling, but a little bland. I felt like my wrap was missing something but I'm not sure what. The smoothie was tasty and not too heavy or sweet. It's BYOB... always a plus to avoid restaurant wine prices. The wrap and smoothie together were about $10. The prices are on the cheap side but it definitely wasn't reflected in the taste. The waitress was sweet and attentive and didn't mind that my friend and I spent forever catching up before we even got around to looking at the menus.All together, definitely not a bad choice for cheap, healthy food.
3	Basis this review on a single take out visit...but was an OK experience.  The food is rather expensive for what it is.  They have a pretty wide menu with plenty of options, though you can't get small sides of items, which is frustrating...paying $7 for tabbouleh is silly.  The lamb rolled pita was decent - a little light on the meat, but decent...though I don't think I'd pay $8 for it again...There are better places to go in the area...but isn't a bad place to try.
5	Best restaurant in the water works mall! The prices were reasonable and the staff was very pleasant! Jessica the restaurant manager was extremely friendly and our waiter, Ben, was very attentive and helpful to us in explaining what different items on the menu were since we were first timers. We got the baba to start and it was phenomenal! (The hot sauce is a good addition to it as well) we both got the Aladdin favorites combo which had a bit of everything and it was a great choice for first visit, I know next that I will be getting the steak kabobs! The portions seemed really big but I ate every last bite and felt satisfied, not to full but not hungry still. I highly recommend this place for good healthy eating!
4	I really, really like this place.  The food is fresh and consistently good.  Especially for such a reasonably priced, casual place, the service is exceptionally good.  They are always extremely friendly and accommodating.  I feel happy as soon as I walk in their door!  A standby.
5	Excellent.  Significant number of vegetarian items on the menu.  Great Service
3	Found a Yelp deal that helped me save a bit of money at Aladdin's.  The food here is reliably good and they have locations that are convenient for me.  The hummus, falalfel and chicken shwarma are all winners.  The only real downside is the price.  $7 for a hummus appetizer?  A bit steep...
5	Aladdins is one of those places where you can't go wrong no matter what you order. The food is very fresh, the meat is always cooked perfectly, the sauces and dressings are out of this world, the deserts are great, its byob, and has an outside patio you can drink on. The kafta is my favorite.
4	I'm a vegetarian and on a diet to lose weight, and I seriously love Aladdin's! There are so many good soups, salads, and pita pockets that are both vegetarian and diet friendly! My favorite meals are the Mujaddara Pocket or the Fatayer and Lentil Soup! The only annoying thing is they pre-make their tabbouli so that the oil is already added into their salads, which are highly caloric!!! If you're not on a diet, however, the baklava is sinfully delicious and you would never be unhappy having a meal here! There's so many options and you could go there day after day without getting tired of the food. :) The best service is the Aladdin's in Fox Chapel.
4	I like this place. Good quality Lebanese food. Really good and quick for lunch.
4	I really like have an Aladdin's in the Waterwork Mall.  Aladdin's just so happens to be one of my favorite restaurants. The food is always delicious and the wait staff always great to interact with.  This was my first visit to the Waterwork's Mall location and just like with the locations in Squirlle Hill and Mcknight Road it was terrifc. I wanted for nothing.
4	Food was very good....Lots of vegetarian options for us as we are vegetarians.
4	Pretty good Aladdin's...pretty good. I am a Middle Eastern snob and the food here in the mall between Ross Dress for Less and Marshall's far exceeded my expectations. The beef shawarma was delicious. The lavash was sufficiently thin and the meat was spiced well. It came with the crucial turnip pickles that I tried to make myself recently (but failed). And the array of deserts in the deli stand was enough to make my mouth water. There are vegetarian options for the lame among you, and my vegetarian companion said her sandwich was good too. The price is good, the food overall perhaps not as good as kassabs, but a solid second place. Perfect for a dinner and movie date since it's right by waterworks. Go on monday for the cheap movie tickets...look at me...now I am planning your life.
4	This was my first trip to an Aladdin's & also my first time eating middle eastern food. We decided to stop by on a Saturday. I introduced my friends to Waterworks Mall (more importantly, Five Below!) & then we decided to have a late lunch here since our one friend is actually from Egypt- we figured he could help us order.We ordered the Kibbie & Dawali as appetizers. Wow, the Kibbie was great and full of amazing flavor. I truly didnt know what I was missing until I tried that! Our friend joked around that his mother can make it better, but I really don't know how. Aladdin's Kibbie was pretty tasty. The Dawali was okay.. a little too sour due to too much garlic & lemon (a little goes a looong way) but we put it on our fresh pita bread and made it work. Not too bad at all.For lunch, I ordered the Flavor Savor Special which is Chicken Mishwi, Beef Kafta, seasoned rice, salad & hummus. Now that's a true flavor savor! I enjoyed everything & became full pretty quickly from our double appetizer. I only finished half & the waitress was kind enough to box it for me & add SUPER fresh pita. Bobby enjoyed it later after missing out on our awesome trip.Overall, the food was flavorful & filling;. The service was okay & we had a nice time. I debated on giving Aladdin's a 3 star for an A-ok rating, but the fact that they make  really fresh food plus have many options for GF & vegetarians knocks it up a notch. Good times!
5	Laid back location with lots of seating and friendly attentive staff.  As always with Aladdins locations, the food was pretty good, but not the exceptional fare you'll get at a good one-off location in a bigger city.
2	I've eaten here twice, both times in the dinner hour.The first time was with friends.  My meal was bland - very little flavor. And both the meat and the bread were overly dry.Next time I went with my family because they wanted to try Aladdin's.  I thought I'd give it another go; one bad meal does not make a bad restaurant.  Well this was just as bad.  None of us enjoyed our food.  The wait staff was fine, but we waited what seemed like a long time for relatively simple food.I won't be going back to this or any Aladdin's.  There are far better restaurants even in 15238 area.
5	ALWAYS a favorite of my family. Everything we order is always very good. The staff are knowledgeable and friendly. The manager of the restaurant is fabulous!
5	I never thought I would like Middle Eastern cuisine, but after lunch at Aladdin's, I'm a changed woman!  This location isn't far from my office, and Aladdin's is perfect for a light, inexpensive lunch.  On my first visit here, I got the Aladdin's Favorite combo.  This comes with lettuce, tomatoes, vermicelli/rice, Beef Kafta, Shish Kabob, and Chicken Tawook.  I believe the price was around $13-14, but it was well worth it.  The portions are decently sized and just enough to satiate my lunch cravings.I went again today and my coworker and I split an order of the grape leaves to start. Oh. My. Goodness.  I had tried grape leaves at a potluck once and HATED them. I swore I would never eat them again... until today.  Aladdin's serves theirs warm with a side of pita and topped with olive oil and feta cheese.  They were so good that I honestly considered ordering another plate as my entree!   I was craving lamb though, and ordered the Aladdin's Lamb Rolled for lunch.  It was the perfect size and only $8!  It was filled with lamb, veggies and Tahini dressing. Yum, yum, yum.Service is quick (I think we waited maybe 10 minutes tops each time for our food), prices are great, and the flavors are amazing.  One recommendation I definitely have to make is to try the zesty sweet tomato dressing OR cilantro vinaigrette when ordering a salad. I tried both when I had the Favorite Combo and kept alternating dipping my fork in them before each bite!
3	My experience here was very average, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.It's a very Americanized flavor of Mediterranean food, but the restaurant was clean, the service quick and astute, and the overall meal was nice, if not a bit lacking in flavor. I had the chicken shawerma and a side of felafel. The hummus that came with the felafel was good, as was the felafel, but the hummus was just alright. Not a bad introduction to Mediterranean food, but I'd suggest a more authentic place to get some really great stuff.
4	Good quality meats - I've had a lamb salad and a beef dish with rice.  Service was friendly and quick each time and portion sizes were healthy.  Not bad pricing either.  I'll be back.
4	The food was good but not fantastic. We got a lot of items. The desserts looked beautiful and interesting but we didn't get any. The fig cheesecake was especially intriguing. We got shawarma wraps, falafel, the flavor savor combination with jasmines rice, lentil soup, hummus, and a pita pitza for our baby. The pitza was borderline yucky. The cheese was flavorless and she wouldn't eat it after the first bite. It needs some work. Maybe if it was fresh it'd be better but we did take it to go. The hummus really does need more flavor. More garlic maybe, I'm not sure. But, it is saved by the hot sauce that they make! It's outstanding! As is the garlic sauce. The shawarma wraps were good, especially with garlic sauce and hot sauce! The flavor savor was a nice representation of their food but I felt like some of my chicken was missing, like it was supposed to be a whole thigh but was only like half a thigh. The beef was good but I'm certain it was previously frozen. The falafel were fine although a tad salty and potentially previously frozen. It did satisfy our desire for Mediterranean flavors and we'll give it another try for sure. The restaurant was very clean and the ladies that helped me, including the Manager, were both very friendly and helpful.
4	This has become a favorite of mine after getting a recommendation from a friend. I think we eat here at least once a month now. I was impressed by the menu as it clearly marks all dishes that are gluten-free, vegan and vegetarian.
3	We love Aladdins food, but after our second bad experience with dessert I unfortunately have to rate it 3 stars. The hummus falafel rolled and spicy kafta rolled are delicious as well as the chicken len-chili. This is a great place to get takeout, but don't order a slice of cake. It looks appealing until you bite into a dry, expensive slice of disappointment. I would expect their 'signature' cake to be fresh and moist.
