1	Delivery: I just paid $27 for two tiny room-temperature pizzas. Can't believe it.  Feel completely cheated.Not sure how they can get away with two locations.  Montreal has some GREAT places for pizza but the overall standard really needs to improve so places like this won't exist.
1	Service was bad.    Too focused on making pizza delivery work out back.   Pizza was bland, nothing special.
5	I know this place can get really pricey, but in my opinion, the price is worth every cent! The pizza here, holy smokes, is out of this world! Ok, maybe just out of Canada! (I'm sure the standards are pretty close, if not equal, to that of some good pizzerias in Italy.) We came here on a warm sunny day in June. Everyone dining here was sitting out in the patio, so we did so too. They gave us water with the menus, and a pitcher of water for us to refill whenever - nice! Spaghetti with olive oil and garlic for $16?! Well, we thought, it better be worth it! And it sure was! The spaghetti noodles were soft and the flavour was completely absorbed by the noodles. We also shared a pepperoni mozzarella, 14 inch.  OMG! Taste buds went crazy! I added some pepper and oil from a jar they left on the table, and we couldn't believe what we were experiencing. This is, by far, the best pizza I've had since I came into the realm of humans.Moreover, maybe just for my viewing pleasure, the waiter definitely belonged on a magazine cover. The bill came out in a very cute form and with treats! Would always be down to come here! Even the next day. And the day after that. (Sorry, wallet.)
5	It was our last night in Montreal and I was in the mood for pizza. My 17 year old son who didn't want pizza at first convinced us as we were walking up the side walk that this place was a must stop. knowing that all teanagers have ultimate wisdom on all things we caved to his demands. I could tell right away we were in for something different. The waitress was very polite and spoke just enough english to help us with the menu which had no English at all. No worries, the basic cheese and pepperoni were obviouse. we all got 9" pizzas to eliminate the arguments. I got a large blond ale and my wife got a sangria. soda for the brats. so they send out some complimentary green olives and toasted bread with this bottle of oil with red stuff in it. It was hot but very tasty! This sauce was to play a vital role in my entire pizza! I don't know what it was but it turned my very good pizza into an amazing pizza! nice touch!  I was a little surprised at the bill comming to just over $100 for the 4 of us but I spent the same amount at almost every restaurant on this strip! You know it was good because the kids weren't complaining and there was nothing left to take home! And I liked it because it was nothing like you get back in the states. my wife gave her vedgie pizza a 3.5 stars. My daughter gave her plain cheese 4 stars.  My son gave his pepperoni a 4 and i also started with a 4 for my pizza which was the #7 or 8 but that magic hot oil bumped it up to 5 stars!
1	Pizza is really expensive for nothing special and the service is deficient. I asked for a dessert and they had no more dessert and it was 8 pm really unprofessional. i don't recommend it at all.
