4	Classy joint, reminiscent of the speakeasies of earlier years on the Main in our fair city. Good drinks, and entertainment that is different each night, ranging from improv comedy to burlesque. An exciting addition to the Main, and worth checking out!(addendum: check out the schedule to find out when the shows are, they've got a full lineup)
5	Ambiance, booze and dames. If two of those three what you are into then Wiggle Room is the place to be!
5	Visited here this past Saturday evening from NH. I believe we were the first customers to arrive. I had read a review of how wonderful the Manhattan cocktail was, so I had a couple of them, Absolutely terrific. There is always a cocktail of the night and tonight's was Apple Pie martini. My SO gave two thumbs up when she got hers. You immediately get transferred back to another era of Speakeasies, burlesque and naughtiness. Cocktails were wonderful, staff was silly and fun and the show was out of this world. Truly something that you don't get to be a part of to often. Can't wait to go back on our next visit to Montreal.
4	This is a cozy venue with great acts. I love a good variety show, and here they give you a taste of comedy, music and, of course a little burlesque. They have a bit of a speakeasy feel, and the cocktails are great -- be adventurous and ask for a surprise! From the moment you walk in and buy tickets at the ticket booth, to the end of the show, this is a great place to spend an early evening. Come early for a good seat, particularly if your party is large.
4	didn't expect the venue to be so tiny and to be seated so close to the stage.so i came here for one of the just for laughs show, adrienne truscott. like she said, i wasn't expecting people to see my pussy so up close and personal..great venue with great staff and inexpensive drinks. great ambiance too.only low point: the stage could use a couple more feet so it'll be higher and people in the back could see the stage better
4	My friend and I were here to see Burlesque, and not what energy the show brought. The night was slow, we were one of the first ones to arrive but thankfully the drinks were amazing, I particularly like the Whiskey Smash. The drinks are sinfully strong but flavorful.The show started late but the MC brought great energy. She spoke in English the entire time, peppered a few French phrases here and there; but the audience was probably more Americans than Canadians based on the accents I heard that night. The audience is also a bit more older, in the 30s or so probably. The performers were great, they brought so much energy and the personalities were all so vibrant!If you're looking for great burlesque, this is definitely the place to go!
