2	I'm not really sure how to rate this place. I got a steak, mashed potatoes and peas & carrots. Peas & carrots...nuff said, I was unaware that they accompanied the meal. My steak was so tough that running over it with my truck tire wouldn't even tenderize this thing!!!!! But....it had the best flavor. Now on to the mashed potatoes, once again good flavor but I could have made a shovel stand up on my plate they were so thick!
5	Great breakfast. Kids eat free in summer. I eat here every time I come to gold canyon
2	Poor service.....fish breading hard & just Luke warm.  Go somewhere better
3	Stop by for dinner last night and place has good food and service was attentive here. Prices are good and the atmosphere is good. I be back later to see if the place stay consistent with service and food.
5	Great fried chicken Family atmosphere and great service!
1	Okay, we go here a lot because its just down the road from my mom's house and its convenient. But every time I leave, I say I'm never coming here again.  This time I mean it, I will drive the extra 10-15 miles to eat somewhere decent.If you just want eggs and toast, fine - hard to mess that up.  If you're wanting a bit more, go somewhere else.  The food is below average and the service is just bad. This place used to be good years ago when the original owners first opened it and they also owned the Feed Bag in Apache Junction.  Now I believe this place is run by the 3rd owners and it has definitely went dowhill.  The decor has not changed since the place was built.
3	Not bad at all for a post hike pig-out.  They were helpful (parked us in the bar so the boys could catch the game).  The menu selection is insanely broad, so I assumed that they'd do nothing extremely well, but probably most stuff passably well.  I wasn't disappointed.I had a navajo taco, which is odd to find anywhere off the res, and it was tasty - though I'm not sure how fresh the fry bread really was.  Others had sandwiches, pastas and dinner meals (like a pork chop plate).  Everyone was pleased if not necessarily blown away.Not bad for a place stuck out in between some soul-less suburban sprawl and a retirement community.
1	Terrible food, awful service, and the place looks really run down inside. It used to be good several years ago, but this place has done nothing but go downhill. And honestly, judging by the food, I'd be worried about what goes on behind the scenes in the kitchen. This restaurant is a poster child for Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares.
4	I've eaten here several times and liked it every time. The staff is very attentive and friendly, I love the patio, and the food is pretty good.
2	Went there for breakfast ...3 of us ordered the same dish and all of them were wrong or missing items. The eggs and sausage were cold, as if they had been sitting on the counter too long. Service was slow...even when someone checked on us, they never refilled coffee until we flagged them down several times.
4	Skeptical of this place. Turned out to be okay though. Had the club melt and onion rings and they were pretty good. Onion rings were actually really good.
1	If you enjoy frozen, reconstituted or canned food, this could be the restaurant for you!  There isn't one thing on the menu that is good or worth ordering.  Most everything is pre-fabricated and tastes awful!  You think it would be easy to heat up prepared food.  They can't even do that.  Most all dishes come out barely warm or cold.The service is good and attentive.  The waitresses are really friendly and nice, however, they lack the positive pride in the place.  Why?  Because the quality of menu items is very poor.The place should be closed for a good cleaning and update.  The carpeting is very worn.  The booths are about to fall apart.  The restaurant gives a real tired appearance.  Sometimes the men's room smells like old urine(yuk!).I wish the restaurant would be sold so we could have a good restaurant in Gold Canyon.  Thanks for reading.
3	Great service good food.  Not fabulous but good.
1	If you enjoy frozen, reconstituted or canned food, this could be the restaurant for you!  There isn't one thing on the menu that is good or worth ordering.  Most everything is pre-fabricated and tastes awful!  You think it would be easy to heat up prepared food.  They can't even do that.  Most all dishes come out barely warm or cold.The service is good and attentive.  The waitresses are really friendly and nice, however, they lack the positive pride in the place.  Why?  Because the quality of menu items is very poor.The place should be closed for a good cleaning and update.  The carpeting is very worn.  The booths are about to fall apart.  The restaurant gives a real tired appearance.  Sometimes the men's room smells like old urine(yuk!).I wish the restaurant would be sold so we could have a good restaurant in Gold Canyon.  Thanks for reading.
2	The good news is the restaurant seemed clean, the steak sub was better than expected and the fries, which were requested crispy, were very good. But the reality is I probably won't be back. It is obvious that they cut a lot of corners and I don't eat out to get lower quality than I could get at home. The fettuccini alfredo with broccoli was well proportioned with pasta (the cheapest part of the dish) but mainly broccoli stems with 2 florets with what tasted like watered down jarred sauce, the mashed potatoes tasted instant, the soup was canned, coffee was never refilled, service was mediocre and atmosphere was lacking. It's not horrible, but nothing to get excited about and although I usually have a 'give it two tries' policy, I'm pretty sure I'm breaking it this time. Life is too short for mediocre!
5	I must have gone to a different place than some of the reviewers. I found the food to be great. The service wasn't slow, and the servers have been attentive. I've eaten breakfast and lunch there and have been very satisfied. The prices are reasonable, and I'm looking forward to returning.
