2	Although the price is right and the fried rice is pretty good, it's severely overshadowed by the "off" taste of the beef and chicken dishes.  The beef with scallion is 90% bamboo shoots, which isn't even listed as an ingredient, and the dumplings are incredible hulking globs.
1	While I hate nailing a place that has so few reviews, I'm afraid I have to give this place one star.  Some of you might say, "well, what did you expect from a strip mall Chinese joint?"  Well, some of the best Chinese food on the West Coast is in a strip mall or even in a bad part of town.  Sadly, this restaurant is not only shabby inside and out, but their food is just as shabby.Their sauces taste bottled with a one-size fits all sort of technique:  pile on thick, gunky brown sauce on everything and call it Chinese.  Plates that are old and worn.  Dirty glasses.  Shelves that appeared thick with dust.  A faded "Best of Charlotte" frame on the wall that dates back to many years ago. It's sad to see a small business that just doesn't get it.  The food here falls short of the worst  Chinese food in a mall food court. That says it all.
3	Nothing extraordinary here, but I will keep coming back.Food: Good, exactly what you'd expectAtmosphere: Dingy, but friendlyService: Kind, QuickI've only gotten take-out from here, so I can't say what a dine-in experience would be like. However, I like what I've gotten when I've visited this place. The girl behind the counter is very talkative and friendly, while the restaurant itself is dingy and could use serious updating. But a friendly, welcoming atmosphere is all I'm looking for in a to-go chinese restaurant. The food is always hot, I get exactly what I ordered, and it comes out fairly quickly so I've never had to wait very long. All in all, I think a make-over would give this place a whole new feel and the food would come off better because the decor is the only thing that leaves a bad taste in your mouth.
2	Given this place a few tries. The staff is always super nice, but the food is a bit lack luster. The sauce does taste like it comes from a can and the crab Rangoon was chewy and soft like it had just been thawed out.  I ordered sesame chicken and I had two pieces before I discovered the long black hair going all through the dish. I was finished after that. This place is ok but I wish they would clean it up just a bit and take more care with how they prepare food. This was the last time I'll be here.
3	Sa cha beef was very decent. Good service, relatively clean. I'll come back.
2	Quick, decent nothing amazing. the fried rice was good and egg drop soup decent. if you're looking just to crave a Chinese craving it works.
2	I can't say my expectations were too high, but I definitely expected better.  My cashew chicken was inedible, and I was only able to eat the fried rice and egg roll (which were fine).  The chicken was so chewy that I could not bring myself to take a second bite.Will not go back.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. I ordered the generals chicken because you really can't mess that up. This place did. The red sauce that covered it was so sugary and gross that it tasted like it came from a can.  There was definitely not any white meat in my dish--only chewy fatty tissue that had some dark meat attached to it. The side of fried rice tasted fine but it didn't have any of the usual carrots or peas in it so it lacked in flavor. I have yet to find a really good Chinese take out in Charlotte.
1	Very dirty and disgusting. Sat down and he brought out egg noodles and duck sauce. Long black hair right on top. Got up and walked out.
1	I wish zero stars were an option. I placed a delivery order and was told it would take 30-45 minutes to arrive. After waiting for 90 minutes and placing three calls to the store, my food arrived. When opening the bag, I had a feeling this food wasn't worth the wait. My beef/broccoli was chewy, cold, and unappetizing. I ate a few bites and tossed most of it in the trash. Do not eat at place and whatever you do, don't get their takeout service. Go to Tapei Express on Providence for great Chinese takeout.
4	This place is close to my office which is convenient.  I have eaten take out from here at least 10 times and have yet to be disappointing.  I don't expect a whole lot from a Asian take out place.  Consistent food quality, clean, and most important to me for judging Chinese food is a fresh cooked egg roll.  There is no reason to precook them and let them stew in their own grease.  I have yet to have an experience to not come back here.
1	We used to go to the Emperor years ago with our young children and had fond memories of the place.  It was a mom & pop shop, nice ambiance and friendly service at good prices. After some shopping at the Metropolitan my husband wanted to go to the Emperor for a quick dinner.  There were no other diners in the restaurant.  Evidently this place is now pretty much a take-out joint, maybe has some lunch business, but is not longer a place to enjoy a sit down meal. We were gruffly greeted by the sole person at the desk, brought over some fried noodles and duck sauce while we considered the menu.  We ordered the Szechuan Shrimp and Scallops and also the Shrimp in Garlic Sauce.  I will say that the food was plentiful and not bad, but I will never go back.  The place appears dirty, the service is not friendly.  Never asked if we needed or wanted anything else.  Didn't seem to care about having sit-down customers at all.  Just a bad experience all around.  Gross.
4	Yes the place looks dirty on the inside, but how many restaurants do you know of that have been in business 20 something years and are not a little dirty.   I say 20 something because I grew up in that area and am pretty damn sure I remember a chinese joint always being in that strip center.With in the last year I have been 3 times and have ordered delivery probably twice.   Here is what I do know,  I WILL PUT THEIR CRAB RAGOONS UP AGAINST ANY OTHER CHINESE JOINT!!!!!  I love them!   I usually judge a Chinese place, based on the BBQ Spare Ribs, but these these Ragoons are worth mentioning.     You don't even need the dipping sauce.As to the service and delivery time,   the guy who waited 90 minutes, did you happen to order at 5 pm?  or maybe a Fri night?   Possibly they kitchen had only one cook or there was only one driver, who knows.   I can say my 5 or 6 times, no complaints on timeliness.A hair on your food?   Really?   Do you wash every vegetable and fruit that comes into your house?  Make sure you scrub it really good bc those insecticides leave a residue that cant be just rinsed off, not to mention the field workers that collected the vegetables for you.  Btw, do you think they have bathrooms with sanitary wipes in the crop fields?   Pick the hair off and enjoy the crispy noodles. sheesh.    A grumpy cashier,  well maybe you would be grumpy too after a long day working to feed your extended family.  Or maybe the customer before you was a total jerk to the guy and he was trying his best to hold it in.     It is a family restaurant, not some corporate crap hole, be glad there are still some entrepreneurs out there willing to put up with ungrateful customers so they can feed their families and make an honest living.
1	This place is failing in every way: their service is dismal, their food is greasy/tasteless/disgusting, and the kitchen/dining room are absolutely filthy. I have no idea how or why they continue to remain in business, but I would suggest that if you ever must make the mistake of consuming this disgusting excuse for food, then for goodness sake dine in.
