5	Regent Square concrete is run by two great guys, Frank & Greg. They've been doing stone, masonry and brickwork for 40 years. Frank is exquisitely neurotic, a true perfectionist. He's poured two concrete pads for me (one a porch, one a parking pad). He's in the process of re-doing a retaining wall and new patio pad for my parents. He'll move onto another friend's home in short order. Frank will go to bat for you -- the people who delivered the retaining wall stones placed the pallets incorrectly. Greg was on the phone demanding a refund of our delivery fee . He did this on his own initiative, without us having to ask him. When Frank came over to give an estimate on the size and scope of the planned parking pad (project #2), he got really upset at the steps leading up to the house. Like a true craftsman, he explained why steps of different sizes are tripping hazards and cause injury. He insisted on skimming over the steps so that they were all the same size. He warned that it wouldn't be perfect. The result was nothing short of perfect; the blending from old and new was spectacular. Frank keeps his overhead low and in turn, passes the savings onto his customers. Out of multiple estimates for my first project, Frank was one of (but not THE) lowest. He won't skimp on materials: all parking pads are 6" thick, other patios and porches are 4" thick. If you're getting lower estimates than Frank & Greg's, that's because they're using 2" thick concrete and 4" thick on a parking pad. The result will be a cracked and broken surface in a few short years. Even though I'm a lay person, he took the time to explain everything to me and why he does what he does. As icing on the cake, Frank & Greg are funny, gregarious guys. You'll instantly feel comfortable with them and their professionalism and breadth of knowledge that spans decades.
5	I worked with Greg at Regent Square Concrete Man to repair a part of a wall that holds up my patio in my backyard.  I am very pleased with Greg's knowledge of stone, masonry and concrete work as we not only talked about this particular wall problem, but other types of jobs that will need to be done in the future around my home.  I do have knowledge of such items as I was once a writer for home remodeling magazines and wrote on the subject.  Greg let me know the day before that he completed work on a project early and would arrive at my home the next morning.  He brought another worker with him.  They took that part of the stone wall and part of the patio down and built it back up using stone and gravel that I already had on my property.  The wall and patio look far better than they did when I purchased my home 6 years ago.  I can also see that the wall and patio will now drain in the proper direction making me feel that the wall will last a long, long time.While it is not an original build and I understand that the wall cannot be guaranteed for a long time.  Greg said that I should have no problem, but if, with the huge downpours we have been experiencing, it should happen to have a problem, just call and he will come out.With my knowledge of how this type of wall should be built, I don't foresee any problems.  The work was done in a timely fashion from meeting to completion. And, they worked on the wall for maybe 2.5 hours.  I believe the rate was very reasonable for the quality and value of the work performed.  I'm very pleased with the outcome and would recommend Regent Square Concrete Man to anyone.  This company came highly recommended to me by a friend who had them build a concrete wall for her.  I'm glad I made the call.
5	Regent Square Concrete Man came highly recommended by a friend of ours.  When Frank and Greg came by to measure for a quote they were not only efficient, but friendly and easy going as well.  We found their quote incredibly reasonable and were happy to hire them for the job.  We needed a new sidewalk, step pad, and curb.They started our job the same week we found out that we had a major plumbing problem, and part of our yard directly next to where the new sidewalk was going would have to be torn up.  They were able to rip out our old sidewalk right away, but had to wait about a week before they could put the new one in.  They were patient and understanding.  As soon as the plumbers were done, Frank and his crew were out the next day working on our new sidewalk.The sidewalk looks fantastic and we've had several compliments from neighbors.  They really did a beautiful job.  They also did a little landscaping- some extra dirt and grass seed- since our yard had been so torn up.  It was a nice surprise and really added a finishing touch.Frank is a great guy and he's very knowledgable and easy to work with.  Not only that, but all the guys who were out here with Frank were friendly, polite and professional.  We are very happy with the work and highly recommend Regent Square Concrete Guy to anyone who might need them.
5	Here is the short version.  I wish I needed more concrete work done so I could use Frank and his crew.  Perfect.  The longer version.  A number of houses on our street were cited by the city for sidewalk violations.  I called around and checked Angie's list.  I got several estimates and did a little more checking around and went with Frank.  Everything was exactly as planned and the quality of work was excellent.  Other than having to pay for sidewalks or face the sidewalk police, this could not have been better.  I know there is a bad review out there.  I have no idea how that could be.
