5	A few months ago at Urban Yoga, I had the chance to met Logan, the owner/designer/marketing maven of Silver & Sage Jewelry.  I was volunteering for balance within, the massage therapy team (Katherine, Anthony & Kari) of Urban Yoga.  They were holding a First Friday event and asked me to join them.  The evening was slower than anticipated, so I made my way out to the front of the studio and Logan had set up 2 tables with her handcrafted jewelry.  I was immediately impressed with the presentation, professional, strung on artistic real branch displays and priced well.  I was only drawn to one of the mens pieces, an onyx beaded bracelet with an ohm.  It was tasteful and masculine, I made a mental note to keep in touch with Logan.  For Valentine's Day, my girlfriend Kate truly surprised me.  She recalled my fondness of the the bracelet and stopped in Logan's storefront in Scottsdale.  I've been wearing it ever since receiving it.  The band is elastic, the ohm is stamped into sterling silver, and it looks great with everything.  Thank you Kate!
5	This is yoga-inspired jewelry that you don't have to be a yogi to appreciaite!  Beautiful, meaningful work crafted with attention to detail, fine materials, and lots of pizazz.  The colors and materials are combined in creative ways, into beautiful jewelry that can be as subtle or eye-catching as you choose.  Excellent for men and women - the men's pieces are quite masculine, with interesting materials like wood and brass. Every single person who works here is wonderful!  We got to know them because my husband surprised me with a set of mala bracelets to exchange on our wedding day.  He and Logan designed them together and they're beautiful!!  Now, I own an embarrassing number of lovely pieces from here, including long malas, earrings and bracelets.  Everything holds up well and gets tons of compliments.  We've bought gifts for friends here, as well, and it's been a huge hit everyt ime.  I highly recommend stopping by their lovely shop - they're wonderful people and their jewelry looks even better in person than in their photos!!
5	I purchased a mala online to pick up in the store. When I went to the studio the next morning the quality and vibrancy of the stones were even more dazzling than I expected. The girls helped me confirm that my selection of stones was going to meet my needs and they even made a customization to a bracelet I had purchased previously from a yoga studio - actually they had to do it twice since I changed my mind. I have to say I was being a bit picky and fairly indecisive, but the patience and care that these guys took did not make me feel awkward at all. The studio space is exquisite and serene, an oasis in Scottsdale! Thank you for everything I am a truly happy customer.
5	I love Silver and Sage Jewelry! Do you love pretty things? Do you appreciate beautiful stones and wearable art? Do you want to add grace and power to your life? I do and I am proud to share my experiences as a customer and the many incredible benefits of owning, wearing, and gifting the magnificent Malas, bracelets, earrings, and other fine pieces found at Silver and Sage...Truth be told I discovered these Malas in the yoga community, however the power and benefits to wearing these powerful stones extends far beyond yoga, or any imaginable boundary. There's not a day that goes by that I don't have Malas paired with my suit, clothing, workout apparel, and in my life. It may sound far fetched, but when I wear these stones around my wrist or neck, I feel empowered, protected, invigorated, and ready to challenge all fears, insecurities, and limits to my dreams & goals. Yes, I am a man who wears Silver and Sage Malas everyday! My girlfriend and I both love our collection of stones and proudly display the strands in the actions of our lives. While she rocks her stones in her fancy pants boardrooms high atop the corporate America ladder, I can be seen in my stones shooting concerts and rising artists throughout Denver's incredible music and fashion scene. When you meet Logan, Tristan, and Mary you will know you're at home with these remarkable souls who will guide you through their magical creations.  Allow them to share the stories of the stones and the many powers that can be unleashed throughout your life while wearing these gorgeous stones. As you step into the truly enchanted space, which is a hacienda home converted into this art filled retail space you will be instantly transported into a calm meditative sanctuary much greater than any shopping experience you will ever imagine. The fine selection of stones, and beautiful jewelry is only outdone by the quality of the work and the service provided to you as a guest as your begin to adorn yourself with these life changing pieces.  To the men out there-- these gifts will make the women/people in your life feel loved and cared for like no other gift you will ever share. To the women out there-- these stones will leave you grinning ear to ear and could become habit forming!! To all people out there-- wearing these Malas could induce deep happiness, fearlessness, and the ability to manifest your wildest dreams.  I love to share my personal experiences wearing these Malas and I am excited to share Silver and Sage with everyone I meet and know. You're going to fall in love again and again...
