5	Tried the Chicken wrap today for lunch. The tablets on the tables were super easy to use and made ordering absolutely amazing! No waiting for a waitress, yet their service was still on point. This is a MUST TRY if ur in Summerlin. Enjoy!Oh and the Chicken Wrap was awesome!
3	Krayvings Yelp ReviewMy wife and I came in for lunch at 11 am for the grand opening.ATMOSPHERENot crowded, with a comfortable amount of people already at lunch; picking up as we were leaving at 1230.Casual cafe dining, open floor plan, no booths, outdoor seating availableSpread steel chairs and rectangular tables with wooden tops, each table seats two, but the tables can easily be pushed together for larger groupsVaulted ceilingsMellow, up beat music like John Mayer or John MellencampORDERINGDone through a tablet touch screen at each tableMenus are separated by breakfast, greens (salad), wraps, bread (sandwiches), sides, dessert, drinks, bowls (soup), and grab and go (chips, cookies, pastries).After you select your food, you have the option of customizing your order (adding/reducing ingredients).  Keep in mind that adding options will probably increase the meal cost while reducing or removing options will likely keep the price the same.The tablets have a Call Server button in the upper right hand corner that will bring your attendant over.All food and drinks are brought to you by the server.FOODWe had the BLT wrap, krayvings veggie wrap, and breakfast bacon, egg, rice wrap.  Each wrap also had a small green salad with dressing included.  All very tasty and fresh.  Salads were crisp and crunchy with slightly sweet and tangy dressing.  Final bill came out to around $24, including tax, but not tip.Food is served on brown butcher paper on an aluminum plate.  Flatware and drinking cups are all ECO product plastic, made from plants and bio-degradable & compostable.CUSTOMER RECOMMENDATIONSEnjoy browsing through the tablet menu.  Krayvings has many different dishes with a wide variety of customization options.  Take time to enjoy the atmosphere and food.RESTARUANT RECOMMENDATIONSPlace label stickers on tablets similar to ones on tables to simplify matching tablets to tables.  The tablet at our table didn't work initially so we swapped tablets with a different table; making things confusing because we would receive orders for tables that probably had the tablet linked to our physical table.Wait for all the orders at one table to be finished before bringing the bills.  Because we had two separate orders, there was some confusion on what our total bill would be.  I can see customers potential taking advantage of this by making multiple orders, but only paying for one bill.There isn't any direct feedback about whether your server has gotten the Call Servers notification because most of the servers were waiting by the kitchen and drinks to bring out food.  One option is to give small vibrating pagers to each server, that when someone presses the Call Server button, the table number pops up on the pager.FINAL THOUGHTSKrayvings is likely to rapidly rise in popularity due to its convenient location between the 215 loop, Red Rock Casino, and Red Rock Canyon.  The food is delicious and healthy.  They will likely overcome the slight tricks with launch and use of tablets for ordering.  My wife and I are likely to eat there again as we enjoy going hiking in Red Rock Canyon and taking friends to new places to eat.
5	Finally!! A healthy option with fabulous service and a high quality food experience in Summerlin. Can't wait to become a regular! Loved the BBQ Chicken wrap!
5	The food is really healthy and tastes great! Lots of fantastic drink choices.The tablet menus are really intuitive and easy to use - you can even customize your order.
5	This place simply nails it.  Price point is great - spend $10 for a super healthy, fresh meal...or spend $7 at some fast food joint or the chinese spot or bad Italian place in the same shopping center, this place is a no brainer.Outstanding service (even given the weird tablet order format, which is cool once you get used to it), delicious, fresh, healthy food, and the best part of it all:  a reasonable price point!  This kind of place is something that Summerlin as a whole, and especially this area with so many active people, has been missing out on for some time.I rarely gush about anywhere, my reviews can attest to this, but I think this place is going to become a serious mainstay and the concept is outstanding.As far as the food, my first time there I got the shrimp bowl which was good.  The portions were dead on for what it should be, the meal delicious.  My girlfirend picked up a sandwich (can't recall what it was) that I had a bite of and it was great as well.  Total came out to like $21?  Not bad!Came in for lunch today and spent $10 for the steak bowl, which was outstanding.  Highly recommended (although some may take some time to get used to the tablet ordering thing)
4	ALLELUIA!  A healthy food option has opened at the Albertsons plaza on the corner of W. Charleston and Desert Foothills.  A favorite meet-up place for cyclists, runners, and hikers because it's the last stop for food and gas before heading into the Red Rock  Canyon area, Krayvings is a welcome addition to the plaza.  Now we can have recovery food that's not donuts, pizza, bar food, or frozen yogurt.  Open for less than a week, I met a friend here for dinner who eats clean ALL the time; he's the one who told me about this new place.  Each table has a tablet PC where customers can browse the menu, customize their orders if desired, and hit the "send" button for the kitchen staff.  There are teas, smoothies, salads, sandwiches, wraps, bowls, and pastries to choose from on the menu that is an athlete's dream; there are  protein options here!  I opted for the Steak Superfood Protein Bowl with vegetables and quinoa instead of brown rice.  My friend had the Chicken Superfood Protein Bowl with quinoa, too.  Unfortunately, they had just run out of quinoa and it would be at least 20 minutes before a new batch was ready, so we opted for the brown rice.  Our server offered us free dessert, juice, or a smoothie to compensate for the inconvenience, but nerds that we are, we declined.  The orders took longer than we both thought they should, but I'll chalk that up to this being a new place and give them the benefit of the doubt.  Our bowls had about 5 ounces of meat each, plus at least a cup of brown rice.  The rice was a little soggy for my taste, but the steak was good.  As with a new place, there are lots of staff around and not too many customers yet, but I anticipate that we'll be frequenting this place a lot, especially for breakfast/lunch recovery food.  Welcome to the 'hood, Krayvings--we've been waiting for you.
4	I've been waiting in anticipation for this restaurant to open since I live nearby. Finally got to eat here & it was popping during lunch hour! Not surprised though.. That's Summerlin people & health nutty places for ya. Each table has a tablet with their menu/ordering system on it & I like the concept, but it seemed a little unorganized. Maybe because they just opened a few days ago? I ordered the daily detox juice & the shrimp superfood protein bowl -- Yuuum! I'm already looking forward to my next visit because there are so many things I still want to try. Perfect place to go to grab some healthy vegetarian-friendly eats.
3	The good:Decent foodGood price Good drinksThe bad:Completely disorganizedMessed up both our ordersPoorly trained wait staffI will give this place 4 stars once they get their act together.
5	Wow! I'm very surprised! Found this place on help and decided to try it out!! It's very cute inside and the owner is very friendly! I ordered a steak Caesar salad and I have to say: it was excellent!! There were so many steak and the salad was great for only &$10! I will be back here a lot more now!!
5	Everything was great. Very nice having a healthy option by the house. Ordering on the tablet was neat. Bread on the sandwiches was very dry and needs to be sliced thinner and for them to add a sauce or vinegar to balance it out. That all can be fixed. Will be here a lot.
2	I was so excited for this place to open, as there was nothing quick and healthy close by. I've been there twice since it opened and haven't had the best experience either time.The first time was frustrating because they force you to order off of their iPads, which takes longer than ordering through a person at any other sandwich spot. You have to scroll through all of the items, which at the time had no pictures, and click into each item to read the description. The smoothies are under the drinks menu, and instead of an easy list with descriptions, again you have to look at the pictures, about 6 per page, and keep clicking 'more' until you find one of interest, and then click into it for the description. Once you finally find what you want and you order, you have no idea whether or not it was successfully submitted. You wait for a while and someone brings you a bill. Again, seems like a waste of employee time compared to other places. That visit we had to go back up to the counter to get our drinks and silverware since no one brought them out after we ordered from our table. All in all a confusing process. The food was okay, though I got a vegetable wrap which was basically all kale, a couple garbanzo beans and very few tiny chunks of sweet potatoes. The green smoothie was not very good, and I order green smoothies frequently and love them.The second visit was meant to be a quick to go order. Since their menu is not online I went in. I again was forced to order from a table and just check the to go option. We saw about ten meals waiting to be distributed, but utter confusion from the staff as to where they were supposed to go and what each dish was, so the meals sat there for quite a while. While that was going on a customer asked to add two bars to his order while he was paying, but the cashier had to ring them up separately as a new order again through the iPad on a table. Just all seems like such a waste of time. The protein bowl that I got was good though, and a decent amount of food for the price. The experience is what will make me steer clear of this place, at least until I can call in an order, in hopes of making it a better experience.
5	Are you a VEGETARIAN?  Are you having trouble getting enough protein?  Well your answer is Krayvings!It has been open for just a few weeks so there are some growing pains with the staff and organization.  It was very busy on Sunday at 1300 when I went.  Personally I loved the ordering at your own pace and personal customization of your order from the tablet menus.What I was most surprised about was the flavorful health food that can been found all over the menu.  For you Veggie Lovers out there I highly recommend the Tofu Power Protein Bowl!My wife loved the BBQ chicken wrap, and my mother in law loved the Turkey Club, which was huge.Give this place a try especially if you are a health nut like me.  I couldn't be happier that this place arrived at a location desperately in need of a healthy option!
5	Supppppper healthy food. Awesome menu selections and you can customize your own plate. I tried the chicken bowl. No complaints here. It was perfect and filling but not too much to over do yourself. So coming back!!
3	I went with my son and friend for breakfast. He needed a high chair but they're kept in the back, which is annoying when there are no waiters... They need to keep them accessible. But, more importantly, the food was just okay and we both found the iPad menu extremely frustrating. Unless you're ordering the food exactly as on the menu, it's difficult to customize. And don't even try to delete something off the order. I ordered the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. I didn't get the eggs as I wanted them because apparently I didn't customize right. Sandwich was ok - bread very dry and way too thick. My friend got the quinoa bowl and she said it was just ok. We both got the B12 shot drinks and hers was tan and mine was green. They did offer to fix hers (but why did they bring it out in the first place). I liked mine. So overall, hate the iPads, food was "eh" and has some kinks to work out. Will try again for lunch before I write it off.
2	This was my first visit to Krayvings and i have to say I may not be back.  First off, the ordering proceedure was via iPad and was convoluted and confusing.  You have to pick out the items you want and then there is an option to customize the item.  Then you place the order and when it comes you are presented with a check.  I don't know about most people but I want to order and eat rather than learn how they want you to order.  Despite these flaws in execution, the service was slow and very poor.  The food quality was fairly good but the coffee I ordered was cold by the time I got it.  I will not be back unfortunately!
2	Food is average, but the ordering process is absolutely terrible. Technology gone wrong. Doubt I'll be back
4	Take a look at my Yelp page and you'll see I'm not the most health conscious eater by any means. Sometimes I wish I had the willpower to do so but I can't cut out all the bad fatty, fried, greasy, salty, sugary food that I love so much. But even so, Kravings is new and sometimes a good healthy meal really hits the spot.Krayving's is pretty new to the area and if you're inside the actual Albertson's center, you might miss it. For whatever reason, the sign on the inside, above their building, is extremely small. They are located in the far SW corner of the shopping center in between Toro's & John Cutter. When you walk in, it almost looks like a Panera/Zupas type ordering system but it's far from it. The staff was extremely nice and asked if it was our first time. It was, so they walked us over to a table and explained how it works. There's a tablet at every table in which you can pick what you want to eat, customize it and then send the order to the kitchen. While it's not the smoothest system, it's far better than other table systems I've seen at places like Genghis Grill.I ordered a steak protein bowl and substituted the quinoa for brown rice. The steak was cooked well and nicely seasoned. The rice was thoroughly cooked and they loaded the bowl with crisp, fresh veggies. My only complaint was lack of seasoning throughout the rest of the bowl. It might be something to do with nutritional value but I felt like only the steak itself had been seasoned so I had to add some salt and pepper for taste.We also ordered a PB, B & J to share. Thankfully, I didn't order a sandwich for my dinner. Even though the flavor was great and my inner fatty absolutely loves dipping something into marshmallow fluff, the bread was a huge let down. It was dry and bland. Overall, this is a great spot and while I think the prices are a bit high, I wouldn't hesitate to come back. That banana split smoothie looks amazing!
3	Cool concept, great location for Red Rock hikers, and another place to hit up for healthy food choices make me want to me a fan of this place- but the food was a little on the bland side.Went in with the BF for lunch- Heather was super sweet and friendly, and seated us immediately and showed us how to work the tablets to place our order. Shared the shrimp bowl and the kale and beet salad (added steak). I preferred the bowl, which was layered with quinoa (brown rice was another menu option), veggies, and shrimp, with a lemon sauce and mint. Initial impression was that the dish was very watery, but it had good flavor to it.  the lemon flavor and the mint/basil in the bottom of the dish worked well together. Flavor was light and borderline bland- saw many guys around the dining room dousing their food in hot sauce, seems to be an issue for many dishes.The salad was okay: considering the word "beet" was used in the name, i expected a slightly more plentiful portion of it. Salad also consisted of apple and walnut,  we added on steak for an extra $4 charge. Steak itself was dry and overcooked, portion wasn't worth $4. Salad also came with an interesting herbal dressing, but there was very little of it, rendering this salad fairly dry, which is why it wasn't as liked as the bowl above.Pricing overall was relatively fair, $10 per dish including our add-ons, but the salad was disappointing. This place seemed to be marketed more towards vegans/vegetarians, but really, most restaurants have salads and wraps and the occasional tofu dish that they can access- I hope they add a few more adventurous dishes to the menu once they settle in.Might come back to try other options like the BLT chop salad or wrap, or maybe a sandwich, but overall I was a little underwhelmed.
5	This food was seriously delicious. I hate to say it but i am seriously "craving" one of their bowls right now. The flavors are well done and their products are fresh. If you want a healthy and delicious meal, you need to here. They have tons of gluten free options, vegetarian and vegan dishes for all of your dietary needs. Head on over!
4	Talk about the perfect RECOVERY MEAL after long run or cycling day out at Red Rock. Krayvings could not have picked more perfect spot in town. One that assure you after any brick day or just enjoying perfect cycling day be back soon. Talk about great healthy options on the menu. I know lot  of yelpers have passion for Skinnyfats. Really from the minute walked in, looking at the decor, the chalkboard menu style on the walls (some nice little hand artwork on it too), really health conscious menu, the nice portion size, and screamed Skinnyfats. I ordered the  sesame chicken wrap and blueberry muffin. As soon as you walk in see all the pastries in the display and they looked really really good. I started with the blueberry muffin that enjoyed. I was nice moist, hot, and right amount of blueberry in every bite. The sesame chicken wrap was awesome. Usually not high on wraps but the sesame chicken wrap not only was it hearty, but each component really complimented one another (from the chicken, nice orange segments, cucumbers, sesame seeds, carrots, friend won ton strips, and lettuce all tossed in some kind of asian dressing) so much flavor in every bite. It was so REFRESHING after brick workout out at the Lake. I wanted too order another wrap! Oh almost forgot about the salad on the side was nice too and again nice size portion. The ordering system found interesting or not too often literally ordered off a touch screen. Not too fool you thinking not humans. LOL!! It was really helpful  when it comes too getting a visual of every dish on the menu. But at the same time can be confusing. The wait staff is great always helping you out if confused about anything. Everyone friendly and great service the whole time.
3	I've been twice and I like it but I haven't been amped enough to give it 4 stars quite yet. It takes some instruction the first time you go...you order off a tablet. It's not cosmic but can be a little cumbersome and time consuming. However, if you are the type to order a specific item then change everything on it and put half of it on-the-side then you will love it. Most annoying to my wife is that when you order a drink, you don't get that drink until your food comes (we always go harass them before that though). The food is good and ingredients are fresh. I got a breakfast sandwich and it was a good price at $5. Then I got the Mediterranean Turkey and it was $9, plus $1 since I wanted cheese :(     Not heinous but a slightly expensive sandwich.Nice worker bees. They don't really do a whole lot besides deliver your food so I'm not a huge tipper here. Too bad for them.
5	I just discovered Krayvings last week and I have already been there 3 times. I got one of their chicken bowls and it was amazing. It was even better than chipotle and so much healthier. I've gone back two other times to try their juices and was completely satisfied. They have tons of options. There's salads, sandwiches, bowls, desserts, chips, and juices. They have great customer service, everyone is super friendly and willing to help anyone who isn't tech savvy. 5 stars all the way!
5	I got the chicken protein bowl and it was delicious! The concept of ordering through an iPad is convenient and being able to customize it easily is great too! I will definitely be going back.
4	Very friendly staff and good quality ingredients.  You order from a tablet that's on your table. Tablets arent hooked up to power so there is a probability of your menu running out of battery. Easy to customize order via tablet, buy if you order the wrong thing I couldn't remove it and had to ask for help.
4	Huge sandwiches good to share.  Fresh and healthy choices.  I love the Tablet system for ordering.  very casual place.
3	I love going to this place, but have mixed reviews on their food. I've been 3 times and have gotten a breakfast sandwich and the sweet potato and kale wrap. The wrap is delicious and comes with a side salad. It's really enough for two meals. The breakfast sandwich comes on a roll that is not appetizing at all. I really don't like their ordering system...especially when you're sitting outside and have a hard time seeing the screen. Also, I'd rather just order and get my drink cup right away at the counter as we've come in after hiking/biking and am super thirsty...instead of waiting it out. I do recommend giving this place a try and I'll keep trying it as well.
4	Great local eatery. Good food and a apple-based ordering system makes it easy to customize without complications. Wraps, salads, sandwiches can easily have items added or removed. It missed 5 stars for not having free refills on standard coffee, when available for soft drinks and staff that is friendly, but not always getting the concept of "if you sit down and place an order for beverages before the food, the customer is probably thirsty and would like the drink brought out quickly". But, they are learning and I've recommended to other people in the area.
4	Great fresh food alternativePlaces like tropical smoothie were great, but becoming really redundant tasting food, we decided to give Krayving a go. Heading over to the other side of the 215 on Charleston we dropped into Krayving as a healthy alternative to the usual stuff we grab. With a nice indoor seating area I was a little unsure if we stepped into a college campus cafe or a bizarro Starbucks.Each table had a Laptop attached to order your food. Being able to add subtract and make your own order was a nice surprise. Images on the iPad were also a sweet little touch that was unexpected. So seating ourselves and browsing through the menu I ordered the BBQ chicken salad with my son having the grilled cheese and sliced apples from the Kids Menu. The salads was pretty dam good!!! My order came out in what looked like a biodegradable plate with biodegradable fork. I don't think I've seen this anywhere except the container park downtown.With the outside seating area still under construction I will say this place maybe a new local lunch spot I'll be coming back to. Fresh food, unique ordering and a friendly staff this place is highly recommend for anyone on this side of town.FYI They do have high chairs and a kids menu (credit) the menu I would say is catered for 1 and up.
1	An inefficient, complicated, and eternally slow ordering process, combined with overpriced food and a lazy, "whatever" attitude of the staff.First time I visited I had to invest 5-7 minutes learning how to order my food. Really!?  What was devised as a simplified and convenient ordering system is anything but. Plus I waited too long while listening to the staff children behind the counter laugh, goof off, yell, and just generally annoy me. My $10 chicken sandwich was lite on protein and heavy on BREAD. The side salad was way overdressed and therefore toooo oily!Next visit I thought would be quick and easy, as I just slipped in for a quick wheatgrass shot. Wrong!  Not wanting to bother with the stupid ipads, I asked the woman at the counter if she could just order me the shot. A friendly woman, I would have traded her friendliness for competence, as she was equally baffled on how to place the simple order.  So, after pressing a minimum of 30 buttons on the ipad, I paid and waited. And waited. And waited. And no, the store was not busy at the time. It was nearly empty.Attention Krayvings owners: I have no desire to order my own food on an ipad. It's a bad concept and takes forever. What I want is to go in, tell someone what I would like to order, and have it made in a reasonable time. We are not in Paris...not interested in a 3 hour lazy lunch. I have better things to do with my time.I highly recommend you heed my advise and replace the ordering system with humans. Specifically, competent ones. That is all.
5	Real great food near red rocks SP- tasty and healthy. I hope these guys franchise to California, I could eat here often.
2	Changing my rating for today....we ordered to go for work lunch and they forgot the dressings on the 2 salads and also packaged the sandwiches incorrectly. Luckily I love their food but maybe they aren't up to speed on to go orders.
4	We are glad we found Krayvings as it provides a healthy menu with a decent amount of variety.  All orders are done via an ipad/tablet.  What is really great about it is that the user-interface for the menu and ordering process is very user friendly. if you are a really picky eater and require sauces or sides removed or on the side it is very easy to do.  It removes any doubts that happen when you are doing a verbal order.The food is pretty tasty.  The wraps remind of of California Chicken Cafe.  Sauces are flavorful.  The portions are solid.  Our recommendations:BBQ chicken wrap.  Throw some sricha sauce and it tastes even betterChinese chicken wrap.  TastyChicken bowl with quinua.  This is a pretty sizable portion.  Very difficult to scarf down a ton of quinua lol.  Beef bowl is pretty decent as well.This is a place we will visit frequently because its fast, close and I definitely won't feel guilty about eating unhealthy.
5	Amazing food, nice helpful staff and just a all around fun experience!  People need to just move into the 21st century and learn how to use technology!
5	Took our friends and am glad to say they loved the food just as much as we do!  I guess my only complaint would be that the amazing smoothies are a bit expensive, other than that you can't ask for a better place to eat.
4	Love stopping here after spending a day hiking, mountain biking or exploring Red Rock Canyon. Perfect location and great healthy menu. Great staff and eats!!!
5	I love these 'types' of restaurants, though to be honest this place stands out.  What I mean is I like simple themes backed by healthy, excellent food.  Krayvings nails it.  Plenty of healthy choices and a few not so healthy.  I come here for lunch a few times a week and it's consistently good.  The staff is helpful and friendly and I love that they remember my name.  Try the steak bowl, it's my personal favorite.  Fresh veggies and quinoa topped with steak.  I've got a big appetite but it fills me up without leaving me needing a nap after.
4	The place seems more organize and some of the kinks have been worked out. I have upgraded to 4 stars.
3	I am upgrading my very critical previous review to 3 stars. The reason: the food and the service.This time I sat down determined to use the ipad ordering system for a to go order. Although still not a fan, I guess it's manageable enough. I had a question and requested assistance, and they came right over, which is good.I tried the sesame chicken wrap this go around. I found it to be very tasty, with a generous amount of chicken and a side salad, too.  On a previous visit I had ordered the tuscan chicken(?), and I found there to be too little chicken and too much bread!  This wrap was prepared properly and was quite good.Another reason for the upgrade is that when the food was ready, it was brought over to me, but unlike last time, I went to the register to pay, rather than getting a check like in a restaurant. Good improvement.Keep in up guys, and I'll be back!
5	FINALLY! A healthy, very hip restaurant in Summerlin! The wraps, salads & my very fave~quinoa (you do not understand, I detest quinoa and had accidentally ordered this in a rush) with chicken & veggie bowl~I could eat it every day!  I will still only eat quinoa at Krayvings! Another perk is the ultra-friendly, helpful staff who have always been attentive & incredibly friendly. Large glass jars filled with chilled cucumber water (free of charge), various teas~not only look like a magazine ad, but add a perfect display of thirst quenchers.Great concept, food and atmosphere!
5	FANTASTIC! As a frequent traveler to Las Vegas for work I sometimes find it hard to eat delicious healthy food. Not anymore, Kravings definitely hit the spot for me. I can assure you I will be staying at the Red Rock Hotel more often just to be close to Kravings. What did it for me was the steak protein bowl (add extra steak) and a delicious pineapple mojito followed by a chocolate chip cookie. All very reasonably priced. The staff was courteous and friendly, the ordering system a breeze. The goods news for me is they are opening a second location in Phoenix very soon. Another city I have to travel to for work.
4	OK.  So the tables to order on ever table are cool.  I'm not sure if they actually speed anything up but what the heck... I'm a geek.I ordered a juice and a tofu protein bowl to go.  The juice wasn't quite a dense as what I normally get at whole foods (which tastes very green) but it was absolutely delicious and somewhat like green lemonade.  The tofu protein bowl... "OINK".  wow.  Hard to believe something that healthy was that good. It was huge and I got 2 meals out of it.  Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked.Now I'm going to grab my iphone and download their app and see what it does!
4	I'm always looking for yummy + healthy options, so I'm glad we found this place! They're a great spot for lunch, but their signage isn't the best, so a little tough to find. We got there around noon on a weekday and by about 12:30, they were packed! Soon after we sat down, a server came over to greet us and as it was our first visit, he showed us how to order using the table iPads. I love that it allows you to customize your order (add this, no that)!Ordered the chopped BLT salad. Worried that the creamy dressing would be heavy, but it was a light dressing, similar to what they offer at Red Velvet Cafe. Great taste and reduced guilt because it didn't seem "mayonnaisey" as I like to say. Salad was both yummy and filling. If you're an iced tea lover like me, try their peach iced tea (brewed, unsweetened).Hubby ordered the club sandwich, which he said was good. Apple slices give a nice twist to the traditional club.I'll be coming back again soon!
4	This place is hippie hi tech. Awesome food, a little pricey tho my lunch for 1 came to be $18. But it's to be expected when you're getting high quality food and better ingreduents! U order your meal thru the several ipads or tablets they hv throughout the restaurant...so I imagine it'd be pretty difficult to mess your order up ;)
3	I really like this place. Food has been great & fresh every time I've gone in. Not the fastest service but very friendly. My only slight disappointment is the fresh juice they offer, I've had a few different ones now. Pretty much, they all taste the same, very tart/sour. REALLY hope they improve that! It's nice to have a healthy option near my home now. :)
4	Located in the Vista Commons shopping center Krayvings is a recent addition to several other dining places nearby. However, Krayvings brings the option of healthy foods.  There are several choices for breakfast plus salads and sandwiches and healthy drinks. On my visit I was immediately greeted and asked if it was my first visit. The employee also offered assistance in using the tablet ordering system. Not being very familiar with using the tablet I pressed the help button and was immediately helped. I ordered a salad with chicken which had a nice variety of fresh greens. The portion size was just right for me. My order was delivered to the table in a timely manner by a friendly server. The high traffic of hikers heading to Red Rock Canyon and the bicycle enthusiasts should provide ample business. Hope the neighborhood people add their support as well.
5	Ever since the first time in I was in LOVE with this place, I've become a Kravings addict often eating there 3 to 4 times a week but here is what really sold me.......my fiance and my 18 year old twins ordered quite the large pick up order, upon picking it up and driving it home we began realizing that we had been unusually(because this had never happened before) shorted one of they're fabulous 2$ side salads. I called down and the owner answers. I explained I would come down to pick it up and he emphatically insisted on driving it personally to my home. I assured him I realized it wasn't a big deal and I could send one of the kids down, he Would not have it and brought it TO MY HOME!!!! A 2$ salad, which he made twice as big and added some chocolate chip cookies!!! I'm in the biz and let me tell you, THAT'S CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
4	This place is close to the house and I have been in a few times.  I have had the bbq chicken wrap, the steak Caesar wrap, and the breakfast protein bowl a few times.  All are very good and the portions are just right.  I like going here to have a wholesome meal in a short amount of time.
4	Always looking for fresh healthy options. So glad I heard about this place. I have only been there once and have no complaints. When I walked in I wasn't sure how it worked. Everything is done on iPads. You don't go to the front to order like a normal place. I had take out so you order on the iPad in front of the door and you pay at the cashier once it's done. Pretty cool but was lost when I walked in. One of the workers had to guide me to the take out iPad
5	Me: For a sandwich, salad or wrap that has individually flavorful and fresh components that could stand on their own and not just to fill a sandwich or wrap, with nothing super fancy (we had a steak Caesar wrap and  BBQ chicken wrap), yet current (read: beet, kale and quinoa found here!) and healthy without pretense of being raw, vegan or gluten-free by definition but just by circumstance, this is a great place. [breathe, run on]. It's easy with kids with their tablet self ordering at each table and accessible options. There's fresh juices and smoothies as well as some nice baked sweets items. For what it offers, it's done deliciously and fresh here. Great for easy, healthy (yet not necessarily vegan or gluten-free or expensive) salad/wrap/smoothie joint food. Him: The food is awesome. The steak inside the burrito (wrap) was flavorful. I like sous vide (!) steak best, then Krayvings', then other restaurants'. It's that good. The BBQ chicken wrap had a BBQ sauce that was better than just ordinary BBQ (it was a creamy BBQ), and the salad is crispy and the chicken was good too because it was moisturized [sic] and not dry. I had the pineapple mojitos juice and loved it because it was nice and refreshing and good for drinking in the summer. You can really taste pineapple and mint! The best was the apple tart because the cooked apple went really well with the outside crust which was thick and better than pie which sometimes has too much fruit.
5	This place has a pretty cool system- you order on tablets that are placed at each table. They are very easy to order on and it provides really beautiful pictures of their food... making it so hard decide what to choose! I've been here a few times now, and I've always had a great experience. One of the times the tablets weren't working, but it wasn't difficult to go to the counter and put it in my order like I would any other place. Great food, healthy choices, friendly staff, outdoor seating, relaxing ambiance... wonderful place!
4	Nice healthy-concept restaurant. Their menu has plenty of choices without being too overwhelming. My favorite item is the baby kale and sweet potato wrap with steak added on. The smoothies are freshly made and a bit pricey. For dessert, I can't feel too guilty about munching on one chocolate cookie. An uber-yummy cookie at that.One very odd thing is their insistence to have customers order through iPads. The screen is hard to see when seated outside. On one occasion, the darn thing ran out of battery mid-order and the user interface is really not that good. I would imagine older folks and people who are not as computer savvy would have trouble with their order. Heck, I work with computers and it took me over five minutes to place my order for the first time. I've seen servers have to take the time to teach customers how to order. This is an epic failed attempt in efficiency.Krayvings either needs to improve their electronic ordering system or give it up entirely and just focus on making good food.
5	Great concept! Feels healthy just being there. Even the kids loved it. Tablet ordering at the table is really fun. Buffalo burger was straight up delicious and the juices are super fresh. Can't wait to try more.
5	Went here for the first time after a morning hike at Red rock and loved it! It's a shame how hidden it is, nobody really knows it's there... I got the Keep me skinny fresh squeezed juice and Steak superfood breakfast bowl. So healthy and so delicious! One of the only "real" healthy places around. I see big things for Krayvings if more people find about about them!
2	In an age when people spend too much time on digital devices...comes a restaurant that forces you to order on iPads.  So I ordered on the iPad, but they lost my order.  Then they said they would take care of it right away...And I waited another 25 minutes...And got still nothing.  So I walked out.  They seemed really discombobulated, but maybe it's because they are new.My wife has had better success getting food delivered when she tried a few weeks later.  It's ok "healthy food" for Vegas, but sub-par for other cities like LA, NY, SF, CHI, etc.
5	This place was amazing and a must if you need a quick healthy bite. Juices were fresh and delicious and our meals were beyond. It's so nice to find a place that is quick, delicious, and healthy! I didn't break the bank or the waist band so it was a major win! TRY THIS PLACE!
4	I finally got to try this place! My boyfriend just got take out:, so I'll have to write another review on the inside experience later. The online ordering was super easy and customizable. (one reason I was waiting to try this place, I'm picky and I saw it use to be impossible to remove items) Anyways, he said the service was excellent, as was our food. I ordered the sesame chicken wrap, and he ordered the BBQ chicken wrap. He said his wrap was spicy, and we're pretty sure it was the BBQ sauce. They also throw in a free side salad with a pretty good dressing, and it's mixed greens - not just iceberg!
5	Totally love this place. Great quality good and friendly stuff. I like having this in my neighborhood. I love the steak Caesar wrap.  I'd love to see an acai bowl on the menu!!!
4	This place is cool. You place your order on a iPad and they take care of the rest. Its hard to find healthy alternatives to fast food, But this place nailed it.  The food was good and we received our order really fast. Can't wait to go back.
4	We stumbled across this hole-in-a-wall last week and I've already been to it twice. Great food (loved the Turkey burger) and pretty reasonable prices. Liked ordering food on the IPads :). Nice touch.
5	This place is awesome!!  Quick service, friendly staff, the bomb food and holy shat the guilt free chocolate shake was an overload of bliss in my mouth!!!  See ya soon!
4	I had the privilege of taking my son out to many lunch dates last week. While he decided to splurge on in-n-out the day prior while I took the role of envious on-looker, I got to choose the following day's lunch spot. Using my trusty Yelp App, I looked for something healthy in the Summerlin area. Krayvings popped up. I can't believe I've never heard of this place, especially considering my in-laws live across the street. We walked in around 1pm and were greeted by a sweet server who proceeded to explain how to order off of the ipad. What a wonderful system!! I have many friends who have dietary restrictions, and instead of ingredients getting lost in translation, they would be able to pick and choose exactly what they wanted to add or exclude and send it directly to the kitchen. We would also avoid the eye-roll of servers from being "picky" as some like to call it. We sat out on the patio and enjoyed wonderful, healthy, and delicous food on a beautiful day. My son chose the tofu bowl which had zucchini, yellow squash, onion, and tofu over a bed of quinoa. It was HUGE and he seriously almost finished the entire thing! He's a little beast when it comes to eating tofu and I'm happy I could get such healthy food for him on the go. I ordered the baby kale and sweet potato salad with grilled chicken instead of shrimp. I also opted for the lemon vinegarette rather than balsalmic. This was a gorgeous, light salad with rainbows of veggies and sweet potato. I wish there was more sweet potato (which you can add on the ipad!) and that they were cooked more consistently. However, overall, this was a great salad that filled me up. We also shared a small melon juice which was so good, especially with the tang at the end from the lemon. Upon check-out, I saw the tray of oversize chocolate chip cookies which my son convinced me to purchase. It was also delicious. The total for our meal was a bit on the pricey side, but that's usually what happens when you dine at a healthy restaurant. I would love to know where the ingredients are purchased from, and if they're organic as they're not specified on the menu. I guess I'll have to ask next time I'm there. Thanks Krayvings for being so inviting and we will definitely be back.
4	After feeding the tortoises at Red Rock Canyon, I was in the mood for some food for myself so I gave Krayvings a try and I'm glad I did.I didn't think about their tabletop ordering pads and I waited at the To Go register and she took my order there.  Duh, me!!She brought me my coffee and later the breakfast sandwich.  I got one with bacon, eggs whites, cheese, and tomato slices.  A good sized sandwich for $5 and extra for the coffee.  It was a good sandwich and the place is very pleasant.  They have free wifi.I think I'll be stopping here more often.  I was taken aback a bit by their juice porices.  I'll get diet Coke or plain coffee.
5	I love this place! I was so happy to find a place that has healthy wraps and sandwiches. The service is great and I think the iPads on the tables are a great way for customers to order exactly what they want. I can't wait to go back!
3	Food is ok but the iPad menu/ordering process is odd and slow. Trying to force the use of technology when it's not needed. Smoothie is very good.
4	Bbq chicken wrap got a kick of spice, but one of my regulars. Asian wrap is also another one of my selections, need to try others. Healthier option for something fast. Order through a tablet, so no mistakes there.
5	LOVE the Tuscan Chicken sandwich - olive tapenade and Proscuitto and greens - even my picky picky daughter who hates vegetables tried a bite then took the other half. SO good I'm having a hard time ordering anything else! But I have tried the Beet Salad (yummy) and the BBQ chicken salad and the steak salad. They also have a fruit tart that is to die for. Clean, friendly, we now go about 3x a week :)
4	All of the staff were very friendly and feel is somewhat hipster without all the hipsters, it's great! The ordering method via a tablet on every table is very neat and worked flawlessly. The owner was walking to every table to check on the quality and satisfaction, showing he really cares about what he is serving. The food and juices were very fresh tasting and well worth the price.
5	Loved this place. Went here for the first time, was very welcoming. Staff was very friendly and helpful. It's nice being able to order your food electronically from the table. Hubby ordered bbq chicken wrap, I had the sesame chicken wrap with a B 12 juice. The food was awesome. I have nothing to complain about. Will be going back!
3	After reading tons of great reviews from this joint, we decided to give this place a try despite of having LYFE Kitchen right around my neighborhood.  Being situated near Red Rock Casino at the northwest side of town, it actually took a good 45 minute drive so I probably won't see myself going here as much.  This establishment, however, would be a great pit stop for those who often hike at Red Rock Canyon due to its location.Concept is quite similar to any typical healthy restaurants throughout the valley that serve great alternatives for greasy mediocre food.  Only complaint was the lack of seasoning!!  I don't know if it were just the tofu bowl I ordered, but the dish seemed like a bunch of steamed vegetables begging for dressing/sauce to give it some flavor; took about a quarter of Sriracha bottle and several dashes of Tabasco to make it somewhat palatable.One awesome detail about this place: tablets on each table as the ordering mechanism.  I thought it was dope how the menu includes an image of each item and even allows everybody to customize their own dish.  Downside, however, was that it took us fifteen minutes more than what it should've taken just to get our food ordered.Overall, Krayvings is a great place especially for those who prefer healthy eating.  Great ambiance and superb customer service.  Will definitely give this place another try in the near future.
4	I've been back twice, still unsold on the iPad but the food is good, smoothies are healthy and excellent and their servers are very good. I recommend. A little pricey but I'll go again.
5	Staff is super friendly. The location is great with a nice shared outdoor seating. The smoothie the cashier suggested was amazing.
5	I'm so excited I stumbled across this place on yelp yesterday! I wanted a light and healthy dinner before work at a quiet place where I could sit down and read my book alone. This place was perfect. The staff is super friendly and helpful. The tablet was easy to use.They have really good pressed juice options which is nice for when you don't need a big meal. I ordered the shrimp bowl and added avocado. It had quinoa and kale and everything was steamed perfectly and didn't seem over cooked. Over all this place is a good choice if you're heading up to Red Rock for a hike and want something healthy.
5	Love when Yelp leads you to a great place and this is one of those times. Great service!  Food is really clean fresh and wonderful selection of healthy food. The green smooth is so tasty...I took a snapshot if the ingredients so I can make it back home.   Will definitely be back next time we're back in the area.
4	Really enjoyed our experience. Service was great, very friendly and food was delicious. I got the best seller BBQ chicken wrap, I get why it's number 1. The tablet to order was super user friendly and food came out quick. Perfect for our impatient toddler. We will definitely return!It's hidden right between two restaurants, we almost gave up looking for it. Just a tip, it's in the same building as John Cutters.
5	So delicious!!! Orders the breakfast burrito on-the-go and the daily detox juice. Was very yummy and light. Fast and easy service weather you're ordering to-go or take-out. Friendly and helpful staff too. This will definitely be a new regular place for me!!
1	So so disappointed in this place. Please be wary of the integrity of the employees and the owner. Here's the story... I've been to this place a few times before and the food has always been very good. I placed a takeout order a few weeks back and requested no Serrano peppers on BBQ wrap. When I got home we discovered finely chopped serranos in the wrap which resulted in my wife being unable to eat the wrap due to the heat of the peppers. I called and let the restaurant know of the mess up. The employee was very nice and apologized and assured me she would write my name down for a free wrap to make up for the mistake. I went in today to take advantage of my free wrap. I ordered, told the employee that I had a free wrap, she smiled said ok and took my order. As I'm waiting the owner comes and introduces himself. I'm thinking he's come to find out what happened and I'm thinking to myself this is good customer service! Come to find out he lets me known whoever I spoke with didn't write my name down in "the book" and unless I can show some proof of who I spoke with he would not honor my free wrap. He then proceeded to question my motivation and ask if I had some proof of my visit three weeks ago... Without proof no free sand.... Point of this whole story is this is a horrible way to treat a customer much less a customer whose order you screwed up on.. Not only do you screw up but then you accuse me of lying about it... And this is coming from the owner of the establishment! I hope it was worth it you've lost a customer for life and I will make sure my office NEVER orders lunch from your establishment ! Everyone else reading this should boycott a place that no respect for the customers that make their business.
4	Great decor.  Friendly service.  Good, healthy food options.
5	So yummy that you forget that the concept is healthy eating!  I always look forward to ordering the Sesame Chicken Wrap.  I have yet to taste more delicious and "drinkable" juice concoctions anywhere in the city (...and I was terrified of the "green juice" trend! ).  The staff is always warm, professional and uber friendly!!  Everything that I have ordered on the menu passes with flying colors!  Creative ingredient pairings and never a dull moment for options!  Delicious x10 !!
3	Pricey & nothing to rave about unfortunately. You also can't customize your orders on the table tablets they have so what's the point? Had lunch here last week & can't remember what I had! That says a lot.
5	Great food! I stopped by after a big day in Red Rocks, and ordered a protein bowl.I was very excited to find the serving is humongous! Maybe about 6oz of steak, but a huge amount of mixed quinoa and veggies.I'll be back for a smoothie.
4	A friend recommended this place &  enjoyed it. Once we figured out the tablet with the staff's help it was easy. And yes, you can customize your order. Great staff and ambience. Will go back for sure!
3	A simple, sort-of-high-end cafe to serve a community that would rather eat just outside their doorstep than venture any further down Charleston.There's something to be said about the appeal of simplicity in front of the right kind of people. The kind of people that appreciate good light coming through windows, a fine juice/smoothie selection, and a tablet to order from. This is the right formula for a cafe I think. Nothing intimidating. Only the familiar. Sandwiches, wraps, salads, and a couple desserts. I imagine this is a business decision, but to me it's a bit of a missed opportunity to create something special and memorable.- Bison burger - a generously portioned patty with simple lettuce, tomatoes, and sauteed onions between a brioche bun. A little bit of simply seasoned salad on the side. This is where the sort-of-high-end comes in. It becomes excusable to serve just a burger for roughly $10 with so little with it, on it, and around it. The brioche bun adds so much flavor to it via butter than you could almost forget there's nothing else to it. But credit where it's due - the patty was good.- Breakfast wrap - a reasonably priced egg and vegetable wrap. Simple. A cup of salsa on the side. Also, make sure you get the cream cheese on the side. It's not necessary. I don't have a lot to say about this except it is food. Akin to something you may make at home. Following the example set by the burger - it's just not special or memorable.- The green smoothie - tasty! Good texture and flavor. Hey, look at that. Kind of memorable.Everyone working here was extremely helpful and friendly. The ambiance is clean, airy, and fresh. The inclusion of tablets in the ordering process is novel but ultimately pointless since you can't also pay from them. Maybe that's coming, though. I'm not sure if there's wifi available inside but it would make it a really friendly place to spend some time getting some work done while snacking on sort-of-high-end cafe food. There is such potential and I really hope it is taken advantage of. Everything is healthy, and within the limits of a well-defined business plan I'm sure - but it's just forgettable and for people like me, it's a deal breaker. For people living right next door, it's almost the perfect place to be.
5	Detox juice is a perfect start to any day. Reasonable priced. Crazemazing. Everything I've had i love.  The breakfast wrap is hands down addicted. All the smoothies and juices are delicious and still healthy.
4	A different type of atmosphere at this place. The restaurant utilizes iPads to order, rather than servers and it still gives you a chance to personalize your order. If you change a couple of things, someone will still come over to confirm. Personally, I really liked this part of the restaurant.Food: both times I came here I got a tofu bowl. I really liked the taste. The tofu vegetables, and sauce really meshed well. The bowls range from 8-13 depending on what type of protein you pick. You also have the option to add other things to it, like eggs. I got an egg the second time I came but I don't think it made much difference to the taste.Juices; the juices here seem pretty popular. They are on the pricier side though. A medium is about $7 and a large is 10-11 I think. I decided to try the zen. I liked the taste, it was pretty addicting. I don't think I'd come here for juice though. Atmosphere: the restaurant is pretty chill. Some people come here to work on their laptops, after workout snack, lunch with the family, there's just a pretty wide range demographic. It's definitely a good place to come to with friends, you never feel rushed to leave. There's a lot of seating inside and also some outside seating. If only I lived closer, this would definitely be a place to frequent.
4	Really great to find this little place after a long day hiking at Red Rocks. Friendly helpful staff, incredibly healthy and delicious food with the option to select everything yourself, easy ordering with an ipad on every table-- great spot. Husband loved his juice and I enjoyed my smoothie and we both got protein bowls that had everything we like. Recommend it to anyone looking for easy, healthy eating.
4	This is our family Sunday breakfast/ lunch joint.  We like that it's near the vistas and we get to walk with our daughter and dogs there and enjoy the outside ambience.  Today I tried the buffalo burger and my husband had a chicken salad.  I also like the complimentary flavored cucumber water.  Great family fun healthy cafe.
3	Looking for a healthy and quick option in the area, I ended up at Krayvings. For whatever reason, it took me a while to figure out where it was located inside the strip mall. It's located next to John Cutter's, for the record.Once inside it was a little tricky figuring out the ordering process. I stood behind someone in line at the counter and then guy working the register wasn't very forthcoming with helping us out. You order at the touchscreen and then go to the register to pay for your order. I'm all for technology, but this seemed somewhat inefficient.My grilled chicken and quinoa bowl was ready and I was out the door quickly with my to go order. The food was decent, but the chicken was on the dry side. I'd likely choose a different protein on my next visit. Nice little lunch spot with healthy options.
4	Love that there is a healthy food spot close to my house! I had the chicken protein bowl with quinoa. Very yummy! Good portion size as well! I will definitely be back to try out other menu items, including the juice menu.
4	Just tried Krayvings for the 1st time. Heather was wonderful as she guided me through the ordering system! I wanted breakfast since I choose gluten free options I tried the gf waffle sandwich. Despite the fact that the cooks forgot the fontina cheese it was pretty good. Think the next time I come I'll go for the salads or wraps! All in all it was a good experience!!
5	Great food and good place to bring your dog (for outdoor seating) they even have a doggie water bowl :) and enjoy breakfast or lunch
5	LOVE this place! It's a great healthiER alternative for lunch and dinner. Everytime we go in there the food is consistently delicious. Service is great as well. My favorite is the BBQ chicken wrap and the BBQ chicken salad. I find myself 'KRAYVING' these two dishes. Its nice to have something in the neighborhood that is not only easy, but also yummy. Keep up the good work!
4	Have gone here several times for lunch. Gotten a few different bowls and wraps, all pretty good, but not incredible. The BBQ chicken wrap is my favorite of them.  The fresh juices are fantastic. If you want a healthier lunch, that's not greasy, I'd recommend this place.
5	Stopped here for the first time with my daughter for a healthy dinner.  We were blown away with the great service and also the tasty wrap.  I got the Kale Sweet Potato wrap and it was killer!!!  My daughter only wanted a juice and devoured her Melon Juice.  Loved it so much we stopped on the way out of town to try their breakfast and just like the night before Perfect!  I had the Egg wrap.
5	Was welcomed on coming inside the front door. Shown how to use the tablet to order and to customize our order. I went with the breakfast steak bowl with rice- amazing. I was only able to finish half. My other half went with a BIT wrap and took out half the stuff. He's not a health nut but was satisfied. I will be returning!
5	I searched 'restaurants near me' & this was one of the places that popped up on yelp. My husband & I decided to try this place out. We are so glad we did because it was amazing! The food items are on the "healthier" side, but still was very good &  flavorful. The atmosphere was very clean, bright, and airy. This place has great customer service. The owner, Paul, introduced himself to us. He was very welcoming & friendly. He also made sure everything was to our liking. I like that you can order on the tablets that were on the table. After ordering, someone will come to your table for the payment. Plus, the table had hooks for your bag to hang on! We will definitely be coming back on a regular basis!
5	This place makes is so easy to eat healthy!  The food is so flavorful.  They just added a veggie burger to the menu and I was truly amazed at how delicious it was.  I had it without the bun because I'm trying to keep the carb intake down.  The grilled veggies on top were delicious and the meal was filling!  Yay for healthy AND delicious.  I noticed a grilled salmon dish on the menu and I'm excited to go back and try it for dinner ASAP!
4	Krayvings is at the forefront of the future of restaurant businesses.  The restaurant has a "Local" vibe to it and also incorporates a futuristic efficient feel to it.  Each table is equipped with an iPad that assists in placing orders and browsing the menu options.It's a fun little gadget to use the iPad; it's not a game changer but a fun little add on.  You sit down, look through the digital or paper menu, place your order, and submit payment when one of the employees visits your table.  I liked the freshness to their availabilities.  By looking at the ingredients you can tell they focus on "fresh" and "raw".  It's a healthy menu option without the sacrifice of taste.  With las vegas being a smaller city geography, one would think that it is not worth it to drive to the outskirts for this place.  In my opinion, it's worth it.  The food was good and so were their "raw" drinks that feature pure blends of juices, fruits, and veggies.
4	I love the convenience of tablet ordering.  If you don't know what I'm talking about then go check it out.  The food is healthy, filling and fairly priced.  The protein breakfast bowl is my favorite.   The eggs are poached perfectly and paired well over quinoa.  I wish the quinoa had more flavor and didn't need the sauce but that's my only grief.
5	We are vegetarians (and visiting from St. Louis). Husband had Krayvings' new veggie burger, and proclaimed it one of the best he has ever had. (He is a veggie burger expert, having eaten them all over the nation.) I had their tofu protein bowl, which is AMAZING. Yes, I'm shouting. It's that good. Thank you, Krayvings!!!
5	Gio was very friendly and helpful! He showed me how to use the tablet to order and had great recommendations: try the turkey burger and green zen juice! Love this new spot in Summerlin and can't believe I hadn't been here before! They were kind enough to let me use my Groupon on a to go order even though it states that it's only valid for dine-in orders. Wonderful, sweet staff and great tasting healthy food for after your hike in red rock canyon or on your way home from work. I'll definitely be back!
5	I had the tofu protein bowl for dinner, and the breakfast burritos.  We loved it so much my boyfriend, Josh and I visited this place 3x in less than a week.  Paul, the owner was incredible friendly and the help staff was very nice.  The overall experience, food, customer service and the atmosphere deserve a 5 star rating!  Highly recommend it!
5	This place is absolutely incredible along with the service I received. I was outside looking at the menu and I'm gonna assume the owner walked out to explain everything to me. I immediately felt welcome and when we came in I was immediately greeted and taught how to order on their fancy iPad. I went with the turkey burger. AMAZING. Pretty messy, but since it was finger licking good I didn't mind at all. Will DEFINITELY be back for more!!
5	Just had lunch here with my husband and we loved the food!! We highly recommend the chicken protein bowl and bbq chicken wrap. Best customer service we've had in a long time. We will definitely be coming back soon!
5	First time here - very impressed.  We had the BBQ Chicken Wrap without Serrano Peppers and the BLT Wrap.  Both were excellent and the service was very attentive and friendly.  I hope thy open one in Henderson before too long.
5	We just got finished eating here. Great service, great food! Will be back for more :)
