2	This resturant is like right down the street from fashion square sorta. A long ways down that one street but yeah. Its the big monsterous resturant on the corner near that Frank Lloyd Wright Tower deal-ie bug. Yeah so they are kinda expensive and while they offer portions that are overtly large, I found it bland and not so good overall. I wouldn't really recommend it at all... unless I don't like you then HAVE AT IT!
5	With that name, they're not exactly serving corned beef and cabbage... the food is excellent, one of the best Italian restaurants I've been to in Phoenix.  The two story eatery is well laid out, the staff is friendly, cheerful and attentive.  I've been there with small parties, large parties, and never been dissappointed.
5	Great Italian food with portions designed to share.And it was a good thing our waiter brought that to our attention (he must have heard our comments on the prices).  We ordered 2 half portions and one full (lobster ravioli, a brick of lasagna, and something else I couldn't pronounce) and it was just enough for the 4 of us.  After the alcohol we even kept the bill under $100.  I would definately recommend this place, just be sure to bring a few friends and an appetite!
4	I loved this joint.  Live music, huge portions of food.  A little pricey but then if you're in Scottsdale you aren't here to save money.....There is a second story which overlooks the music, which is pretty slick.  I'll definitely eat here again.
3	Maggiano's is a classic Italian resturant from the checkerboard tablecloth to the Sinatra playing on the speakers. The front doors lead to the bar area, proceeding to the right leads to the dining area, and eventually the brick patio. The walls are adorned with black & white portraits and autographed photos (i.e. John Elway).The wait staff is helpful and courteous. Fresh bread is served with olive oil almost immediately. The menu is expansive with classic Italian fare (ravioli, ziti), steaks, and seafood. I can personally testify that the Chicken Parmesan are good. The portions are enormous. My buddy will be eating pasta for a week. Most dishes were $15-25.All in all, a very nice experience. Not my favorite Italian spot, but certainly a good spot.
5	This Italian restaurant is sure to please.  Our waiter is from Mexico and he loved to talk.  He knew the menu and was condfiendent in his recommendations.  Frank Sinatra's picture is hung on the wall by the hostess area.I ordered the veal and mushroom ravioli.  "Homemade ravioli filled with ground veal, mushrooms, Marsala wine and asiago cheese. Browned on top with toasted bread crumbs, and house cheese. Served with Alfredo sauce, sun-dried tomoatoes, basil and parsley." My friends ordered:Chicken Parmesan -- "Lightly breaded chicken breasts fried and topped with provolone cheese and marinara sauce."Gnocchi -- Ricotta pasta simmered in a delicately balanced sauce prepared with our classic pomodoro cream and finished with vodka and roasted garlic";Mom's Lasagna -- "Whipped ricotta cheese layered with pasta sheets, crumbled meatballs, Italian sausage and marinara sauce. Topped with provolone cheese and your choice of our meat or marinara sauce".  They all loved it.  Atmosphere is great.  There's a picture of Frank Sinatra
5	Stopped in here with a friend last week for lunch.  We were both nursing some pretty severe hangovers and thought bread and pasta would be the perfect cure!!!  We were so right!!!!  We both had the chicken parmigiana - as my pasta side I had the fettucine alfredo and he had penne with meat sauce.  The chicken was so good - it was crucnchy on the outside and juicy on the inside - yum.  Our waiter was very generous with the soda refills - which I desperately needed.
4	I've been going to Maggiano's since it opened and have always found the food authentic and tasty. When i find a dish I like I stick to it and here I found the Rigatoni D a true favorite.  I'm a difficult eater and usually have to create my own dish. (I should open a restaurant) so of course, I had to change the make up of the dish. They have an AMAZING tomato vodka cream sauce, one of the best i've had in Phoenix that is a must try. I order the Rigatoni D with the vodka sauce, no onions. (they are caramelized and don't pair well the the vodka sauce) The mushrooms (full caps), chicken and vodka sauce is truly amazing with the over sized rigatoni noodles. It's a dish a crave once a week. Also try their dinner salad with their italian dressing. Big shavings of fresh parmagian cheese and one of the best italian dressings i've had.The only reason I wont give Maggiano's 5 stars is because they did something to their eggplant parmagian. It used to be the only other dish i would order because it was so amazing. layers of cheese and breaded eggplant that's served in a big hearty casserole style chunk. The past few times i've ordered it, the whole thing was burned. I even sent it back one time to get a new piece and had the same problem. I miss this dish a lot. Not sure why they can't cook it right. Burned eggplant? I don't think so Maggiano's. Yummy tomato cream vodka sauce? Yes please.
5	OK guys (and gals too), I know size isn't everything, but OMG, this place has crazy size portions and I loooove it!  We ordered the calamari and the stuffed mushrooms (1/2 orders) and STILL, the servings were huge.  Six big stuffed mushrooms sitting on what seemed to me to be the biggest plate I have ever seen serving an appetizer.  They were great and tasty, but cooled down too quickly and who can do anything about that?  The calamari was decent, could have been spiced up a bit or served with something more than marinara sauce, but for those who don't like a lot of fan fare with their food, this would be perfect; classic calamari with classic sauce.  We loved the Stella Artois draft beer and martinis came out big and filled to the brim, just how I like them.  For our entrees we ordered the Baked Ziti and Sausage and the Rigatoni "D".  Both of them were absolutely fantastic...yumm.  And both were HUGE.  The baked ziti stayed warm right up until we packed the rest to take home because they actually bake it right in the ceramic type dish that they serve it in, very smart.  For those with little ones, the kids menu is awesome and probably the healthiest meal a kid is going to get anywhere.  Nothing at this place is pre packaged or pre made and that goes for the kids meals as well.  Their chicken fingers are home made (the pickiest of adults would eat these things!), no french fries; home made mashed potatoes and broccoli florets.  This is the KIDS menu!  Our waiter needed to be coaxed out of his shell, but he was still warm in that great way that the good ones know how to do without intruding.  Great leather booths, linen napkins, white table cloths with a white and red checkered one thrown on top for added warmth, elegant, but not stuffy.  Guys could go in with t-shirts and dress shorts and fit right in and for the ladies who like to dress up, you can as well with out feeling overly so.I am definitely going here again, what a find!
2	I give it 2 stars and Ill tell you why. I would give it 4stars for the interior. I like what they have going on, but it does make you expect something different. They also have a great menu selection at really good prices. I ordered a salad that had a viagrette I really liked, other than that the salad was pretty blah. I could have made that at my house.The chicken parmagana taste like a frozen entree from costco. The ravioli has a horrible flavor, they bring you bread and olive oil, which is fine but the olive oil is soo cheap and gross. Super bitter.The portions a huge but who cares if the food isnt good. Its like a frozen food festival in there. A waste of a cool building and a great menu. Just poorly executed food.
4	It's been a while since being to Maggiano's - my last visits were around opening a few years ago.How can you go wrong here....especially with Italian!! I forgot that all of the portions are huge here -so some sharing was in order.Bryan and I decided to visit for his birthday (YAY!!!)I had the Chicken Marsala and Bryan had the Eggplant Parmesan and we shared a Chopped Salad. Outside of his entee being a little cold, everything was great. The service was very attentive - and we didnt have room for dessert - so that's always a sure good sign. =0)Service at Maggiano's always seems to be top notch - well trained and educated staff and very pleasant - always a great choice!
4	Not my first time...Definitely not my last :)This is one of my faves...and any excuse to stuff myself with Italian food well what can I say. We went last night for dinner with the kiddos and my parents. The food was great, I had my favorite Rigatoni D I just can't order anything else...I know there is tons of other great stuff I just love this. I ordered the extra pig size hehe so I could have dinner tonight! The service was OK but it is never exceptional! The waiter was knowledgeable but was pushing the dinner special with SO much food it would feed a small country. Other than that though it was awesome...My biggest criticism though every time I go there we get stuck in a seating area where we are attached to a pole...I mean why is that? I end up talking to the big brown square tower it is so annoying! Oh well sometimes that makes for better conversation than my husband :)
3	We had Melman bucks. So we came for dinner. Just four of us. But holy shit. They fed us like we we're three hundred pound men. Don't get me wrong. I love food. But there's enough, and there's just too much. We split a pasta as a first course. It was adequate, taste wise. But portion wise? How one person could even think of ordering it for dinner is beyond me. I would blow up. Wafer thin? I think not.We followed with baked clams which were pretty darned good. I like to put a little finely grated lemon rind and romano in my homemade version. I tasted both in theirs. I may sue.We moved on to a chicken saltimbucca, which was actually quite good. We followed with a salad. I could see the dissapointment in the servers face. When we only asked for espresso after, she seemed sad. I almost felt sorry for her. I guess she's used to people who live a week off the leftovers. We did, however, enjoy some very nice wine. So I think that may have made her feel a little better.
5	Had a family style meal and everything was delicious.  Rigatoni in a cream sauce with chicken was outstanding, as was the pound cake dessert.  Appetizer stuffed mushrooms were also really good.On the pricey side, but nice for a special occasion.
5	Two words; Family Style. Forget about Bucca di Beppo, they dont even compare. This place isnt cheap. Take my advice get 3 friends and order the family style, and dont forget to order seconds...on everything, you know to take home, for later.
4	We had a group dinner here last Sunday and throroughly enjoyed all the food.  As always, Maggiano's portions are huge and everyone took enough food home for the next day.  The sampling appetizers were a hit, especially the fried zuchini which were surprisingly good especially dipped in the aioli sauce.  We ordered calamari and stuffed mushrooms too which are always good at maggiano's as well.  There was a mix up with the ravioli dishes as they were each given to the wrong guest.  No problem, as the waiter immediately brought out new, correct plates to the right person.  We had a great time and I highly recommend Maggiano's for groups.  Rest assure that there will be plenty of food and it's easy on the wallet.My only complaint was the service because I thought our server could have been WAY more friendly.   He didn't smile too much and didn't seem to happy serving a group of 14, 9 being teenagers..  Sure, it was a table of teenagers, but it was a pretty formal dinner and we did leave a 20% tip.  Other than that, we all had a good time.
4	So, I finally ate at the Maggiano's that is in the city I live in.  Previously, I had only enjoyed the take out from this location, but had never eaten inside.When I was in Denver, I ate at the one in downtown.  The Scottsdale Maggiano's did not disappoint!  I reciecved the same wonderful service as I did in Denver, and my meal was great too!Now, please be advised that you can order half portions or full portions.  Half portions seem to be more then enought for most people.  Now...if your cooking skill is like mine (I make really fabulous reservations, but not much else) you may want to opt for the full portion, so you'll have left overs.  YUM!!!!Great service and great food!  Maggiano's is alway consistant...no surprises!  Go and enjoy!
4	Came here late one night and my boyfriend and I shared dinner in the bar area. We ordered the lasagna and it was just enough for 2. In all honesty, I think he would have like to eat more, but I was hungry too so he couldn't have it all to himself. It was delicious. We were looking at the pictures they have hanging in the bar area and noticed that two older ladies that were sitting in the bar area having drinks and dressed to the nines, were also pictured on the wall. This must be the spot for local celebrities!  :p  I'll definitely have to come back here and try something else from their menu.
4	We went here for a birthday celebration and had the "Family Feast" deal they have. Its for gluttons, but everything was really good! It included desserts, but I was way too stuffed for anything like that y the time we had finished our regular courses.
4	Reliably good food and reasonably priced considering location, atmosphere, and quality of food.  I got into Maggiano's from when I lived in the Chicago area (their location downtown there), and I'm glad they have one here.Entrees are priced a few bucks more than Olive Garden and/or Macaroni Grill, so it's actually an exceptional value.  Cheese ravioli are amazing, as is the buffalo mozzarella appetizer.  Always a few good draft beers on tap to choose from, and the portions are quite large (family style).  Gnocchi is highly recommended also.Reservation recommended.
5	I am being generous with my review. I am biased since this place has been one of my favorite restaurants for years. I love it in Georgia and this place continues the tradition of rocking faces off - Italian style. I went to this locale for my birthday party with about 20 friends (unbelievable, I know). This place was more than accommodating. The waitress was fantastic, even though we were a pain in the butt come check time. I took her suggestions for our family style dinner and not one disappointed. I highly recommend the Rigatoni D and Chicken Prosciutto. Both were fantastic entrees. To top it off, we finished out with killer tiramisu. There is nothing bad I can say for this place. The atmosphere is what you would  expect from a large italian restaurant. I personally love that their waiting area is also the bar. That is just good thinking. It truly is a killer place that is perfectly nestled in north Scottsdale. I am in love...
4	Maggiano's is really good across the Nation, service is always spot on and the high quality of food is consistent.My favorite fried calamari is from Maggiano's.  The specific location in Scottsdale is perfect for large parties and they are very accommodating and friendly.  We took mom there for Mother's Day for a buffet special for Mom's and it was fabulous!
4	I've tried several dishes here with the various white sauces, and I have to say they're the way to go.  The rigatoni d is good, but gets a little bland as you wade through the enormous dish.  Tonight, I tried a baked specialty, the Chicken & Truffle Tortellacci.  The full portion size was just a little bit too much for me and my hearty appetite - of course, I finished it off anyway.  The diced ham was a delicious touch, and the sauce was creamy yet not too heavy.  Even the price was reasonable.  I realized as I sat with my family on the main dining floor that this restaurant is among the best-designed I've ever eaten in.  I love the perfect proportions of the space - the size of the windows, the way the main floor is open but not too open, full but not crowded, and the lighting fixtures on several levels to help break up the space.  I don't know who designed this building, but it works really well.  Our service was good - I think Kyle, our waiter, tried a little too hard to be friendly and out-going, but he had good recommendations for entrees and was flexible as we had some ordering confusion.  Overall, we had a nice evening and were pleased with our meal.  We'll probably be back, although I think we have more than enough Italian food places in the rotation right now.  Heh, I guess there are worse problems to have.
4	This past Friday  (10/16/09) we stopped in and enjoyed a wonderful 4 cheese Ravioli covered in a Pesto-Alfredo sauce and sprinkled with Parmesan. It was magnificent. The generous fresh bread and stuffed mushroom appetizer was wonderful as well. The service was impeccable.
1	I really hate to give anyone this bad of a rating but it is the truth.  I sat at the bar to have a drink while waiting for my friend and was greeted by a drone of a bartender who seemed annoyed that I wanted a drink.  REALLY??? While enjoying my cocktail, I noticed that every table in the bar had towers of dirty plates and glasses.  There was not a bus person or wait staff to be found cleaning.  A crowd of employees were hovered over a coworkers cell phone.  When my friend arrives we decide to move to a bar table that was clean.  The bartender wouldn't allow us to transfer our tab to a table 3 feet away.  We should have left after that but we were very hungry.  We finally order and as we were waiting a server dropped a tray full of wine glasses.  Glass shattered everywhere!  Under our table and on my lap. It was quickly cleaned My friend arrives to save me from the already poor experience.  He orders a drink from our personality deprived bartender.  We are not ever offered a menu or a napkin, basically ignored.  We decide to move to a finally cleared bar table in hopes of getting service.   WRONG!!!!  We sat for ten minutes with a waitress passing us several times.  I finally grab menus .  As we are looking over the menus a server drops a tray of wine glasses next to our table.  Glass landed on my lap and all around our table.  I understand it was an accident, but never received a slight concern by the five employees gathered around the mess.  Not even the manager!!!! The waitress finally makes her way over to our table and  and the first thing she says is do you have a tab at the bar because I will have to transfer it.  WOW!  Really??? We order apps, they come out cold.  Dinner was fair and at this point I'm over the experience.  We stay to chat a bit after dinner to get asked by the waitress if we were done because she needed to leave like 5 mins ago.  Living back in Ohio I loved to go to Maggiano's but this location needs to step it up!  I have had several clients share what poor management and subpar service.  Yelpers BEWARE!
3	I don't  even know where to begin. I guess lets start with the decor. The outside and the immediate entrance gives you the vibe that you should be walking into a 5 star restaurant, a Mortons or a Capital Grill. Then you start to people watch as you wait for your table and see a varied group to say the least. You see the suits, the older Scottsdale women on dates with their husbands, then you see the working class that didn't feel the need to dress up.. wearing denim shirts, jeans, work boots..Maybe they don't know any better? Makes me cringe like when people wear jeans to the Nutcracker. Then you have the wanna be eminiem, baggy jeans, hat, overstuffed sports apparel jacket taking his trashy lady (wearing a micro mini jean skirt and heels in 50 degree weather and rain.)out for the night. Lets just say this crowd does not go together, only in a train station, would be the best way to describe it...a people watching extravaganza.The dining room: where you would have expected white tablecloths you will find checkered? I guess its supposed to be a throwback to small Italian restaurants back in the day...but its more like it was supposed to be a BBQ joint and at the last minute they changed their minds. White tablecloths would have turned the dining room up a notch in class there is no doubt. Plus the kids yelling up and down the stairs doesn't help. Do people not know how to control their kids anymore? You're not at Chuckie Cheese! Ugh.. pet peeve.The waiters apparently really dumb down the menu for you. Not that it's a bad thing but they will explain what pancetta, arrabiatta, orecchiette, fra diavolo, risotto, etc without prompting. So be patient if you are well versed in italian foods, there are a lot of people out there that just aren't. So Bravo for educating the masses! if you're trying to impress a date, and you have no idea, you will not embarrass yourself here.The menu, the prices match the tablecloths? Walking in you would have expected Mastros pricing, that is not the case..Youre looking at Bucca Di Beppo pricing.. $13 - $22 a plate. Now for the bigger shock.you're looking at  Claim Jumper portions! My fellow Yelper (Nick S) ordered a FULL order and when it came out it was ridiculous. His Bowl was comparable to...you know those giant Christmas Center Piece bowls that people fill with christmas ornaments? It was like that. His full order could have easily served 5! I had the half order and it was at least 2.5 servings and his dwarfed mine. Its well worth the pricing..Now for the food... I started with the House Salad which could have been a dinner salad easily.It was very good except for the  unnecessary giant pepperoncini in the middle of it. I ordered the Rigatoni D and it was above average.. the mushrooms were the best part, absolutely amazing. It could have used some extra flavor such as lemon or crushed red pepper and the sauce could have been thicker but it was far from awful. (I had some leftovers a few hours later and it was MUCH better the 2nd time)Nick had the same reaction from his dish. We also had dessert and I was thrilled with the spumoni..no dried ....substitute chocolate chunks. He had the apple frittata and it left him quivering..lol He LOVED it.My summary is its like someone dressed up and put makeup on Buca. Dont be fooled by the decor.. this is not a 5 star restaurant. But it is well worth it for the food, the service, the price and the people watching! Great for business lunches/dinners, catching up with a friend, taking the parents out, casual date night, birthday, great for a group event...but romantic I would steer you elsewhereP.S. Any highschoolers out there reading this. This a a prime Prom Night pick!
3	From the outside looking in this place looks like its very fancy. When you enter you walk right into the bar and a cluster of people. To get to the host to seat you, you have to elbow your way thru the crowd of people to get there. I did not care for that I feel in a place like this you should be greeted at the door. I meet a felow Yelper Vanessa M and she made reservations a few days in advance and very glad she did. This place was packed and the wait was rediculous. Once in the dinning room I noticed it was nice but not what I expected from the outside. The dinning room is huge and has upstairs seating. The waiters are running 100 mph. there was a table upstaris  with children and they were running up and down the stairs and was very distracting. We also were seated by the door to the kitchen, which was not the best seat in the house (lots of noise and traffic from the kitchen.      Now for the food. The menu was big with lots of options. They have a family style menu and an ala carte entrees, salads, soups, and apps. I got the chicken and potato soup and it was delisious. My only complaint is that I wish that it was thicker it was kind of watery. The soup had small diced up veggies and lots of big chunks of chicken.  For my entree I ordered the the shrimp with angel hair pasta and a spicy red sauce. It was a very rustic chunky sauce, definitely had a kick, lots of shrimp. The sauce was good but for the amount of pasta it needed more sauce. The only problem here was I ordered the full. Because they had a family style menu I thought that the full order would be the way to go. Our waiter i think was a little upset with that fact we were not ready to order right away. This was the first time here and the first time Vannesa and I meet so we were talking for a bit and looking over the huge menu. He should have warned me of the size of this dish. Vannesa ordered the Rigatoni D so he new I was going to be eating this myself. This bowl of pasta came out and I was for sure they had the wrong table. It was huge and could serve  5 easley with leftovers. (Vanessa posted a pic) I'm curious to see the family portion.  Vannesa realy enjoyd her dish. Lots of chicken. Her favorite part of the dish was the mushrooms.  Her only complaint was the sauce was way to thin and watery. For dessert I ordered the apple frittata. This was so good and I wanted to eat it all but dam that bowl of pasta was kicking my butt. It was $7.50 for this dessert and you could share it for sure. Vannesa new she wanted the spumoni right away and she loved it. Overall I think this place is good but I will only give it three star for now. The food portions are rediculously huge and the prices are good. I like that you can order a half portion and full portions or even family style. (half portions ranging from $15 -$18 and full portions going for $18-$25). I feel the server we had was not the best, a little rude. He picked up my plate and took it away without asking if I was done. Its just as well cause I should have stopped eating that huge bowl of pasta but we were talking and I put my fork down for a min and he just assumed I was done. I hate when this happens. The servers need to mention the size of these dishes especially when you order the full. The decor was ok but the checkered table cloths were kind of cheap looking and not what I expected to see here. They make it look like its very fancy, white table cloth kind of restaurant from the looks of the ouside. Food good, portions huge, price reasonable, service ok. I will be back for sure.
3	Wow...the food was GREAT.  The atmosphere was decent.Our server....well she talked to much and told us about what bad customers were at the table right next to us.  While they were sitting there.The prices...a bit high..but the quality was excellent so I was ok with it.My take...it is worth the visit.  Would I rush back...no.
1	I have been to this Maggiano's numerous times as well as had it catered at our offices, however this review is solely based on the service that we received today (March 10, 2010) My company was hosting a going away luncheon for my lovely coworker Samantha, who is leaving us to go to France, but I will stop my ranting about that. BOOO! LOL Anyways back to Maggiano's. It started when we arrived. The hostess was chatting it up with a patron at the bar so we had to wait for her to finish up, now the reason why I am little disturbed as there were two other servers as well as someone who appeared to be a manager standing right by the hostess station. They looked at us, however they did not acknowledge us in the 3 mins we stood there waiting for the hostess to finish her conversation with the patron at the bar. FAIL! Finally we were acknowledged and we were told where the rest of our party was. We were all seated and about 5 mins or so, drink orders were taken. 15 mins after the orders were taken and we received our drinks,(no I am not over exaggerating either) we get some bread baskets at each table, which was great because we were pretty famished. Fast forward another 15 mins and our appetizers arrived. Now mind you this menu was predetermined days ago so it wasn't like we had to wait for people to order and it was all going to be family style. Now although the appetizers were tasty, we had to wait about another 25 mins after that for the appetizers to be taken away and an additional 20 mins for the lunch to arrive. FAIL! Now any other time, I would not have a problem if the place was jam packed, but it was not. See what they had failed to mention to us when we arrived is that a water main was broken in front of the restaurant so they no longer had running water. From what I understand, they had brought in more than enough water to get through the lunch rush, but they had called those who had reservations for dinner because they were closing down for the rest of the day due the water main problem. How the hell can you not tell your patrons that you don't have running water and the only way that you find out is because one of your coworkers happens to go to the bathroom and their is someone standing at the door to let you know that there is no running water but there are big coffee pots full of hot water for you to wash your hands however you cannot flush the toilet. WTF??! Great so now we had a better understanding as to why things were taking so long. Had they told us this before hand, I am sure we would have went somewhere else. Especially since we didn't find out until halfway into our meal. FAIL! Maggiano's I am very disappointed in you today. Our company orders from you quite a bit and I understand that the only discount you gave is that you didn't charge us to take the leftover food back to three coworkers that couldn't make it. Seriously?! Yes I understand that there were circumstances out of your control, but as courtesy you should have told us what was going on and let us decide how to proceed. What should have been a quick 2 hour max lunch turned into a long 3+ hour lunch, which would have been ok any other time had their been working bathrooms. FAIL! So like I said, this review is solely based on the service today. Any other time you would get at least 4 stars . Today you only get 1, and that is being generous. If someone from the restaurant happens to read this review, be careful if you decide to email me with "hate mail" because you know you guys were in the wrong today. FAIL! FAIL! FAIL!
4	My family flocks to this place like cattle to a watering hole on a hot day.  Theres usually 8 to 10 of us in a group and the service is always fantastic regardless of how busy they are.  From Salads to Entres everything is fresh with modest portions.  The atmosphere is very nice, casual dress not stuffy just a little noisy at times.  I would have rated this place a 5 star if the food had just a little more of a WOW factor that can only be found in an authentic mom and pops italian restaurant kinda like those found in New Yorks Little Italy.  Prices are reasonable. Highly Recommended.
4	We ate here in early April. The wait staff were very helpful and knew the menu quite well. Which is impressive because the menu is HUGE. We told our waitress it was our first visit and she was genuinely enthused to help us have good experience. The portions are Flinstone's sized, so be careful. Our order was prepared perfectly. Since we were on vacation, we could not take anything home with us, which was unfortunate - as the food was great. This location seemed a bit noisy, but this is a minor issue. We made our reservation thru open table and this worked fine. This is a great place for a nice dinner.
5	My husband used to frequent the Maggianos in Chicago, and he got me hooked on the Scottsdale location. There is usually a wait on the weekends. But, like I say... good things come to those who wait. The food is great, and the service is exceptional. I love that they tweet, if you tweet that you are there for a special occasion they will send someone out to mention it. Spinach Ravioli is by far my favorite. The drinks are also great. You can go casual to dressy here and you will see all age groups. We typically don't take the kids along to this one, but I'm sure you could. They sometimes have great deals where you get to pick a meal to eat there and one to take home for a great price.
1	4 girls, Wednesday nightServer was uneducated about the menu.Food was okMaggiano's Salad tasted odd.  Only two of us tasted it then sent it back because of the smell/odd taste.  The two girls that tasted it (one being me) spent the next day with stomach pains and (me) in bed with an explosive situation (from both ends if you know what I mean)  Food POISONING???!!!NOT GOOD!  Can't return.
3	Went to dinner tonight with the family. I thought it was rather strange that you have to walk through the bar to get to the hostess station in the dinning room. The hostess tried seating us at one of those booths on one side and chairs on the other side next to the hostess stand right in the path of all the traffic.........NOT. I told the hostess I wasn't digging the seating arrangement and needed to a table near all the grownups instead of at the kids table.The tables don't have much elbow room and are wedged tightly together close to all of  the other nearby tables. My neighboor from a nearby table pulled out his chair into my chair. Needless to say, the ambiance is lacking and makes it difficult to have conversations without hearing bits and pieces of the adjoining table's conversations......So knock off one star.The food was good and the portions were very generous with a price tag of $65 before tip, the waiter did a fine job. I had the Chicken Parmasean which came with a side of Spaghetti. My family had the Spaghetti with meat sauce and meatballs. This particular dish is a two for one special in which you get to take home another meal. My boys took home another order of Spaghetti and Meatballs and my wife took home an order of Lasagna for my dinner tomorrow.....Win!
1	The moment we walked into this place, it was alllll bad! It breaks my heart to write this review because back home Maggiano's was one of my favorite restaurants. I've always thought this place had good food and that the prices were fair for the huge portions, so I was super excited to find one here in Arizona. BUT this location sucked and i'm  sad that i won't be returning. Right when we walked in, we were greeted by the manager who asked us how we were doing. My bf and I politely answer, then for a good 5 seconds there was complete silence. I look at him like dude, be normal and say "just two?" or "how many?" Instead he looks at me, makes this rude gesture with his head and has this look on his face like "what do you want?" So I'm like... "uhhh.. table for two." Anyways, I try to ignore his rudeness.. but me and my bf were like wow.. what's this guy's deal? Anyways, after Mr. Incompetent seats us, the entire dining experience kept going down hill:-Loss of 1 star: Dirty Dishes. I'm usually the kind of person who doesn't speak up when I'm unhappy with something at a restaurant, but as we were waiting for our food we noticed the small plates and the wine glasses were super dirty! I was pretty grossed out so I asked the waitress (without trying to be annoying) to take it off the table.-Loss of 2 stars: Slow Service. I started to get really annoyed when it took forever to bring out our bread. I just drooled as I saw people who were seated after us munching away on their bread. We finally got the bread once our first entree came out which was ridiculous. They were also really slow with refilling our drinks. At one point, I just started chewing ice .-Loss of 3 stars: Rude service. In addition to the dumb manager in the front, our waitress was a little biatch! My bf asked her if we could have more olive oil and balsamic vinegar and as he was speaking, she looked at him and walked away! Then she came back and said she would bring it out... as she walked away from our table the ladies sitting at the table next to us say "well that was a nice eye roll". I was like oh hell no, did she roll her eyes at us?! Then the ladies next to us started complaining about the service and said they had been waiting for their check for a while and they had no idea where their server was. -Loss of 4 stars: Smaller Portions. I always get the same thing back home; a salad and a chicken and spinach manicotti. When the manicotti came out, I was shocked! It was a lot smaller than usual! I usually think the dish is worth the $15, but this definitely was not worth the money. It looked like it was missing a big chunk!! I was sooooooo sad!It was just a bad experience overall. In all the times I have been to a Maggiano's, I have never left with such negative feelings! I guess I'll have to wait till I go back home to have my chicken manicotti again :(
4	I had to get on here and review Maggiano's in Scottsdale because the service we received was so outstanding! My daughter decided to go here for her 13th birthday dinner. When we arrived, on a Sunday night, we were surprised that there was a 20 minute wait. We decided to have appetizers and drinks in the bar while waiting for our table. The manager asked what we were celebrating and we told him. We were seated just as we were finished with our apps and drinks and the manager handed my daughter the specials menu specifically. Printed on the menu was a little note at the bottom that said Happy 13th Birthday. I know this was an easy thing for them to do but it really made her feel special. Our server was excellent. He steered my husband away from the wine they were featuring and offered a taste of it. My husband agreed that the house special was not up to par and the server suggested a wine that was much better and less expensive! My daughter and I split the Gnocci and we were surprised to learn that when you order off the Classic menu, you get to choose another item that they wrap up and send home with you! Like you are a guest at their home! The gnocci were very good and one serving was more than enough for the two of us. We also shared the Caesar salad which was good too. My husband had the chicken Parmesan which comes with a side of spaghetti. I enjoyed his meal too. We were deciding what to do for dessert when our waiter came and cleared the table telling us we needed to make some room for some items. (Hint, hint). A few moments later a large platter of their dessert sampler plate arrived with candles lit. It was beautiful! And the bar brought over a virgin chocolate martini that was equally exquisite. Keep in mind that we ordered none of this. The manager decided to make our celebration special, and he hit the mark! The dessert and drink were comped but even if they had not been, it would have been worth it. The food is great, the service is excellent! O
4	I adore Maggianos.. Brett is the best waiter.. Had him 2x..& he's simply the best. He knows the menu.. How to pair wine well.. Reminds me of sommoliers in France.. encourages people like me to get away from the manicotti & try a truffle cream tortellina :-) this has become my splurge every couple of months... A chain without a chain feel..
4	The first time I was taken to Maggiano's it was for the family-style dinner. It was REALLY good. And I couldn't believe that the dishes keep coming. It's a glutton's dream come true. I had the house salad, which was pretty good. The calamari is excellent, as are the pasta dishes. I didn't particularly care for the red clam sauce though. This is THE place to go to if you want to take your family out for dinner, or even a group date night. The family-style dinner is very worth it, in my opinion. You get to take home what you dont finish, and it's usually a lot. Ending on a sweet note: the cheesecake was the perfect ending to the meal.
5	I had a great time here very friendly people , great drinks  and the best spinach salad I have ever had !!!! I had the chicken picatta ohhh man soooo good !  Kudos to our waiter Ken for the great service and tips on the chardonay it was the perfect match.Ive eaten there probably a dozen  times love the happy hour specials my fav. is tuscan muscles, the wine selection is outstanding the bartender AJ had us laughing for hours. We really enjoy going there ! great patio when the weather permits.
5	One of my favorite restaurants out there.    Awesome Italian food, HUGE servings, good service, great atmosphere,  yummy desserts, what more can you ask for?
5	Not sure why it doesn't have 5 stars already--this place has some of the best Italian I've ever had.
4	I am Sicilian Italian brought up on  my grandmother's home made Italian food so I am pretty critical about Italian food. It tasted very authentic! I was impressed! The only things I would improve upon was that we had a reservation and still had to wait over 30 minutes to be seated, which being the restaurant is probably always so busy due to their great food, I could overlook this. The hostess area could use a little improvement, no one thanked us or told us to enjoy our night as we were leaving, nor greeted us on our way in,  the downstairs was very crowded with tables, it was very hard for the girl who seated us to navigate us to a table. Other then the two minor things I was very impressed. We will return if not for the restaurant experience, for sure for the take out. It was very reasonably priced. The classic pasta dishes are select one to eat there, and select another to take home. So basically buy one get one free for $13-16. I got eggplant parmigiana but there were quite a few of the classic pasta dishes to select from, not to mention all the other great items on the menu.
4	Delish! I didn't have the opportunity to dine in, as we were picking up food for our company party, but I have to say the take out area was convenient and the girls were very friendly and organized. It helped that the Take out was seperate from the main enterance and that they had curb side pull up (Take note: lunch hour is VERY busy).I had the pleasure of having a lil bit of everything we ordered, being that this was my first 'expereince with Maggiano's I wanted to ensure of course that I gave it a fair shot on my review ha. Who are we kidding, the food was amazing. The lasagna with meat sauce, Chicken Parm, Chopped salad and Caesar salad all delicious. We got the 1/2 orders of the catered dishes, which for all of the above (which came with rolls) was enough for an office of 16. The food portions were perfect with leftovers to spare.Looking forward to experiencing the dining in abiance, in the near future!
4	This was a great place to go with the parents for Thanksgiving.  Dinner was served family style and it was a ton of food!  Started with a plate of 3 different bruschetta appetizers that were excellent.  Then had a choice of 2 salads, 2 meats - we had turkey that was served with a focaccia dressing and the tilapia served with a side of some of the best creamed spinach I ever had - then 2 side dishes in addition - mashed sweet potatoes and mashed garlic potatoes that were just okay - 2 pasta dishes - we had the signature Rigatoni D and the angel hair with pomodoro sauce/sausage - and 2 desserts!It is a little pricey, but for the amount of food they serve and all the leftovers, I think it's worth it.  The best way to go here is with a group and do the family style menu.I've been to other Maggiano's in Chicago and to me, they're all pretty much the same - good and plentiful food and fast friendly service.
4	I usually hate chains, especially Italian ones like Olive Garden and Romanos. But I was pleasantly surprised my Maggianos. We went because we got a gift card for Christmas but we are probably going back. The bread and the dipping oil they start you out with is pretty good. I wish the dipping oil was just a little more seasoned though. My husband ordered the linguine and clams which he said was just ok. My stepson had the crab and shrimp cannelloni which he enjoyed. I really liked my eggplant Parmesan. It is the best egg parm I have had at a chain. The sauce is fresh tasting which huge chunks of garlic.One nice surprise is that our server said that my dish qualified for a free take home dish of the same category. So I ordered the gnocchi and had a nice dinner the next day.
5	The food was amazing!! I can not say more about it! Our waiter was good too, he was helpful in telling us about all the dining options and what was good if we liked certain foods, he kept our beverages coming and was very attentive through the whole meal. It was crowded but now we understand why! Its too bad it such a far drive because we would go more often!!
4	Great wedding venue, at first I thought it would be too casual but it was perfect for the couple getting married. The banquet rooms are secluded from the rest of the restaurant so it didn't feel like we were in a restaurant...unless you had to go to the bathroom, everyone had to walk through the main dining room. They set up a dance floor in the connecting room. The food was sized perfectly for sharing with a table of 8. My favorites were: eggplant parmesan, angel hair with sausage and chicken piccaca.
2	I usually love maggianos and visit at least once a month but my lunch experience today has made me hesitant to visit again. My boyfriend andI made a lunch reservation to celebrate his promotion at work. We arrived and noticed the reservation wasn't necessary in the less than half full restaurant. Still, we were seated in a terrible table situated next to the kitchen doors and a server station and next to a large party. Not the quiet romantic lunch we had hoped for. It was all downhill from there. Our server was pushy and unattentive. Whenever myself or my boyfriend would order any item (and we ordered a lot-cocktails, appetizer,2 entrees and dessert) our server would suggest a more expensive item and act agitated when we politely refused. At one point she simply refused to leave the table until we ordered the dessert she suggested even though we explained that we would really prefer to order our favorite. It was ridiculous! I understand that part of a servers job is to upsell but it was taken way too far this time. The food was good as usual but took far too long to come out and we did not receive bread until after our entrees were served. I asked for a refill of my soda when the entrees were served but didnt receive it until after we got our bill and I had to ask several times. My boyfriend and I have loved Maggianos for years but there are several other restaurants in Scottsdale with better food and better service.
3	Food was good. My date was good. The people looked good. Service was good also. I come back? Yes, but far from home.
4	I have only been to Maggianos a couple of times.  First time I ever went, I went as a group b-day party, and it turned out to be close to $40/person with tips and taxes for a buffet type meal with regular drink.  It took me about 5 years to go again after that scenario, as my friend convinced me to give it a shot with a regular menu.  I went last weekend to the location in North Scottsdale.  It was a very popular location because we had about a 1.5 hour wait.  Luckily, they had a pretty decent size bar where my friend and I had a drink.  I had the sangria, and it was very tasty.We got our tables very close to our estimated 1.5 hours and got seated with rather quick service.  The waiter would catch what we said, and then he would literally run.  I don't know if that is the culture because of the high volume of customers or that this guy just liked to walk away fast.  We both got chicken dishes that were fantastic.
2	The food was okay, but they serve the same things that you can get at Macaroni Grill. The only catch? You have to wait half the afternoon to get your food. My wife ordered spaghetti and meatballs, I ordered penne rustica and I think we waited at least (and I mean at the very least) an hour to get the food. I understand everything is supposed to be fresh, but I wasn't impressed. The same dish at Macaroni Grill tastes better and comes faster. I also like the bread more at Macaroni Grill.We ordered the bruschetta, and it was good, and the meal was good. The portion sizes were much larger, but given the price and the time factor I wouldn't return unless we had another gift card.My wife claims that other Maggiano restaurants are better (i.e., Las Vegas), but I can't confirm or deny that.She got a free extra serving of hers because she got a pasta dish, which was really the one shining moment here.
4	Happy hour at the bar (I ended up w/ a couple glasses of wine - nothing special but not bad for under $5 each, either) yesterday turned into "hey, are you hungry?" "I could eat..." "well, let's see what they have..." "what do you see?" [back and forth like that for a while] turned into our waitress saying "i'll send the chef out to talk about what we can do for you."  ah, the joys of #glutenfree dining. chef aiden was the consummate salesman - describing the veritable smorgasbord of options. TWO gf types of pasta, nearly all of the sauces, as well as all of the veggie sides and meats. he was detailed yet efficient, and demonstrated (separate fry oil!!!!!)  that he really cared about my party's food intolerances. i was quite impressed. we'll be back soon.
4	Maggiano's is one of my favorite restaurants. Calamari, greatChopped Salad, greatCaesar Salad, goodVeal Parmesan, greatBeef Medallions, goodTiramisu, really goodThe thing to do is to go to Maggiano's with 4/5 friends shortly after you work out (so you can eat more) qand get a family style dinner. You choose a fixed number of apps, entrees and desserts and they bring you as much as you want until you can't eat anymore. Great deal and we have a lot of fun. My one problem with Maggiano's is that the bread is never warm.I have read some reviews comparing Maggiano's to other Italian chains. If anyone feels that way then they should continue eating at those chains because maybe their taste buds can't appreciate the difference.
2	This is really a 2.5 stars for food. -.5 stars for terrible, TERRIBLE service and cramped dining area.Had reservations last Saturday night party of 11.  When we arrived our table wasn't ready, which was fine, but my relative, who is wheel chair bound really had nowhere to wait for 10 minutes since it was really busy that night.  They tell us to wheel her to an area adjacent to the host stand.  A few minutes pass and my fiance gets reprimanded by two different servers that we cannot stand there.  We were not blocking the path to the computers, either. AND WE WERE TOLD TO WAIT THERE! We get seated shortly after that, and we make it easy and order the classic family style dinner for everyone.  2 salads, 2 appetizers, 4 entrees, and 2 desserts.  Honestly, it is so much food, you are better off getting things a la carte for the table.  For $27 per person, what you get is really greasy, overly cheesed, americanized Italian food, with most of the pastas arriving to the table over cooked, dining area very very cramped and so loud you will lose your voice, and just so-so servers. I understand it being busy, but I have been here several times in the past few years, and this always seems to be the case. You would think with a large party you would at least come by to check on drinks.  I sat with my cocktail glass empty after my first one and I saw empty water and drink glasses all around. Salmon is okay, so is the fried mozzarella app,the chicken parm, and the apple dessert.  The veal and mushroom ravioli has a funky mushroom flavor and a cream sauce that is a little salty and very heavy, blegh, soggy salads. blegh.If you have a larger party, request the private rooms in the back, that is much quieter, otherwise you will feel like someone is about to hit the back of your chair the entire meal.
5	I've been in love with Maggiano's since before it came to Phoenix!  I grew up going to the locations in Chicago, and am happy to say that the food quality and service is spot on in Scottsdale too!  Here are a few tips to dining at Maggiano's that will enhance the experience: 1. Make a reservation... they take them for all party sizes2. Go with 4 or more people and dine family style! There are tons of menu options, the cost is reasonable, and its bottomless as long as the plate is clear! 3. Wear expandable clothes, you will over eat!Some of my favorite vegetarian dishes include the maggiano's salad(no prosciutto) , mushroom ravioli, Gnocchi in Vodka sauce, and cheese ravioli in a creamy pesto sauce. I know, none of this is healthy, but every once in a while you need to let loose and enjoy fantastic Italian food!
4	I took my father and little brother here last week. All three of us had fantastic dinners. My brother had of all things one of the best filet mignon's I have tasted in a long time. My father had a side dish of phenomenal asparagus spears. I had a perfectly seasoned seafood pasta dish, Not too creamy, or salty leaving room for the flavors of the shellfish to emerge and blend into the sauce. The service was excellent. There were no tables available in the dining room and the cocktail waitress did her best to make us feel like were not in the bar. I could be a "chain restaurant" snob and rip this place apart but I can't.... everything was very good. I would definitely recommend it for a quality meal with friends or family.
4	Nice atmosphere, pleasant staff, veal parmesan was chewy , and the calamari too.
5	Yes, Maggiano's is a chain, and yes it's a big-box Italian restaurant in a town with quite a few mom-and-pop Italian joints--but my-oh-my can they cook some great Italian food!  Being based out of Chicago certainly doesn't hurt.Little lady and I had a great family style dinner here when my folks were in town, and absolutely everything was fantastic.  I'm pretty sure I came within a couple bites eating myself to death (think Monty Python's The Meaning of Life).For weekend dining, I highly recommend reservations and request a booth which will put you above and away from the main floor (I do feel they pack a few too many tables in the available space).  This made the meal all the more enjoyable.Make sure to leave a day open for digestion!
2	Ummmm.... Ok, Maggiano's is pretty weak in food and flavor. I suspected that coming in but insisted to myself and gf that it'd be different. For me, spinach dip is like cheesecake or tiramisu to others...I have to try it everywhere I go. It's good here, but that's where it ends. The pastas, while I've only eaten a few of them, are pedestrian at best, and because of that are overwhelmed with super rich sauces and condiments...not allowed to stand on their own. But then again, this isn't a place famous for it's authentic Italian cuisine, or properly prepared pastas and other fare. It is well known, I believe, for it's family style offerings, so that's probably the key. Bring a bunch of your friends and family and spend two hours eating and making small talk, then spend two hours wondering what just happened, and of course recollecting the experience at reunions whilst drinking and apologizing... and blushing.
4	Last night a group of my friends met at Maggiano's for dinner.  We made reservation for 9 and I'm so glad that we did.  This place was packed for Friday night.  After I informed the host of my party's arrival, she informed me that we would have to order from the Family Style menu since our group now consisted of 10 people.  It was a last minute addition.  I was annoyed by that because I wasn't aware of that policy.  I got nervous because I wasn't sure how it was going to work out since we had vegetarians in the group and some of the ladies were set on what they wanted to eat.  Nonetheless, we decided to order from the Classic Family Menu list which costs $27.95 per adult, drinks were not included.  The Classic includes two appetizers, two salads, four entrees and two desserts.  And that was more than enough for 10 hungry women. To make ordering easier, we ordered by a show of hands and the dish with the most votes would make it to the table. For starters we ordered the Barb's Spinach and Artichoke Al Forno (YUMMY) and Bruschetta.  For salads, we had the Italian tossed and Maggiano's Salad.  For the main dishes, we grubbed on the Linguine and Clams with White Clam Sauce (YUM), Mom's Lasagna (YUM, YUM), Four Cheese Ravioli and Salmon Lemon and Herbs. And for the delight of the night, we finished off with the Chocolate Zuccotto Cake and Nonna's Pound Cake, Caramelized Bananas (MY FAV).Daniel was our server and he was great.  Though he brought me the wrong drink, I didn't whine about that. He was friendly, on point and funny.
1	We've eaten at Maggiano's in several states around the country and it is usually one of our favorite places.  We arrived close to 8:15pm on a Monday night and their were many tables open, yet the hostess asked us if we had a reservation.  We told her no, so she then "checked her table map" and said it was a 20 minute wait.  It was such a ridiculous situation since there were no patrons waiting and tables were open.  We went to Brio instead and were seated right away!
4	I love this place. Great drinksGood FoodHuge PortionsA great place for small group as the servings are made more for a family style service than an entree. I love it.!
2	I wish I could give Maggiano's a higher rating!  The ambience of Maggiano's is awesome.  The lighting is perfect and the woodwork makes for the perfect classic Italian vibe.  Also, a huge plus for Maggiano's is the Classic Pasta menu.  For around $10, you get a meal there and a fresh packaged plate of your choice to take home.Unfortunately though, the menu is extremely basic, the food is mediocre at best, and the service is sub par.  I have been to Maggiano's five or six times hoping that something will change, but to no avail.  I always leave feeling dissapointed that my experience wasn't something more.Maggiano's is also notorious for having a long wait and then missmanaging wait times.  I've witnessed hosts getting chewed out on more than a few occasions.  My boyfriend and I even had our Open Table reservation cancelled without our knowing last minute by them!Last, a bit of the charm was lost for me when I learned that they are managed by the same company as Chili's.  This was the nail in the coffin.  Just another Italian chain.
2	I wanted to love this place, but I just can't.  There was absolutely nothing that I liked.The waitress was rude and not very smart.  The food was not very good.  I had the lasagna, and I didn't even want to have more than a few bites before I said I was done with it.  I could make better lasagna at home.We came for a birthday party and they brought out the cake, but didn't bring forks for about 5-10 minutes later.I have no desire to return here.
5	This is one of my favorite chain restaurants. It is always excellent. The sausage orzo soup is a great starter, lots of stuff in it. The Rigatoni D is one of the best pasta dishes outside italy! Great atmosphere, good drink selection. My mom had the chicken and spinach manicotti with red sauce instead of white and it was delicious as well.
5	Great place for a delicious dinner (and chocolate dessert)! Our waiter Ken was excellent, very attentive to details! Would definitely go back!
3	You know what you're getting when you eat at chain like Maggiano's. Pretty good food. Really big portions. Fair prices. The place is much more focused on family style dining (including a pretty generous "family style" menu), so it's probably best to eat at Maggiano's with a big group. Maggiano's has a nice set up. The ambiance is cool. If you have a choice between the ground floor or going upstairs, I recommend staying on the lower level. There's only one stairwell, without a lot of room, so employees carry hot plates of food are running up and down while you try to stay out of their way. It also forces them to bring up only part of your table's order at time, meaning that some food was on the table, while the rest of the party waits another couple of minutes for theirs. I'm sure it's too late now, but it probably would've been a good decision to build a back stairwell or install some sort of old school dumbwaiter. Other than waiting a little longer than we should have for some of the food to come out, the service was great. Our waitress was funny and engaging. She had a few lines that made me laugh and seemed to have a lot of "I just served someone who..." stories. When I was called in the morning to confirm our reservation, I informed the caller that we were there for a couple of birthdays. They left a little Happy birthday card on the table, and brought us some lemon cookies (with candles) for dessert. A nice little touch. Yes, there are a lot of better Italian spots in the valley. But there's nothing wrong with the food at Maggiano's. A solid place to get a good meal.
5	What a great experience. I was able to make a reservation through Yelp while we were driving there.  The decor was beautiful with linen tablecloths and napkins.  There was great soft Italian music playing in the background.  Our table was stocked with our own grated parmesan cheese and olive oil.  Our server was friendly and efficient.  We were really surprised at how fast the food came.  I had the roasted chicken, which was cooked perfectly, with crispy red potatoes, best ever!  My husband and mother in law (who are both Italian) had the eggplant parmesan which they both raved about.  They also have family portions that are very reasonable.  The price was a little bit more than the Olive Garden but it was so worth it.  Especially, when the waiter cleared our dishes and said that since the eggplant parmesan was a classic pasta dish, we would get 2 more to take home.  So, 3 of us ate for $65 and we took home lunch for the next day.  We will be back!
4	I am a carbivore. My favorite foods are all carbs and as a result I end up eating a lot of Italian. So naturally, I've been to Maggiano's several times.One thing holds true every time I go to Maggiano's--I always enjoy their appetizers more than their entrees. I don't think their entrees are bad, but I also don't think they're anything special. Their appetizers on the other hand are delicious.My personal favorites happen to be their caprese, the stuffed mushrooms and the mushroom ravioli. Being a carbivore, as I mentioned before, my favorite is of course the mushroom ravioli. Everytime I go here with someone I always order the mushroom ravioli and make my guest try it. I haven't had a single person say it was "eh" or "average". This one dish has gotten a 4/5 or above from everyone who has tried it. I even had someone who didn't like mushrooms going back for more.I think I'll have to go there for lunch today...
5	Absolutely loved this place! Good food, good service and they gave us another free full dinner for each of us to take home. Prices were surprisingly reasonable too!  Looking forward to a repeat performance real soon!
4	My mother, sister and I are annoying. I recognize this and embrace it. We involve shopkeepers, cashiers, janitors, sales associates, servers and anyone else in the near vicinity  in our squabbles and lighthearted  disagreements. Last night's dinner was no different. Our server Tony was great. He played along and totally made fun of us. We loved it. Highly recommend making a reservation on the weekend as they get very full. I overheard a couple leaving saying there was a 50 minute wait without one. The drink menu is full of fruity froo-froo drinks but they have plenty of wine choices and full bar for any other drinks. My sister loved her Lemon Drop Martini (ugh) and my Hendricks and tonic was damn strong.We had the Stuffed Mushrooms to start and they were delicious. Loaded with garlic and butter and there were probably 15 of them!The entrees are good, not amazing. I had the Lobster Carbonara, which isn't really a true carbonara but it was pretty good otherwise. They put snow peas in it which I find weird, but the lobster pieces were massive. For $20 (the most expensive pasta dish), they had better be!If you order a 'classic pasta',  you get to choose another order to take home for free! What! That's the weirdest, coolest concept I've seen in a chain restaurant. Be prepared to walk out with tons of food.Overall, pleasant experience.
5	Homestyle italian food and great ambiance.  The wait staff is pleasant, service is great, and the food couldn't be any better.  It's affordably priced, and if you order off of the classics menu, you get a full size 2nd plate to take home with you.  Seriously, how could it get better!?
5	We've done lunches here for our office and they are outstanding, so I went for dinner and drinks with a girlfriend.  Our food was outstanding and Soooo much of it.  It was crowded, but somehow noice wasn't crazy.  We had a great time, great food, great drinks!
4	This review is primarily for take-out. I love Maggiano's easy online ordering, especially on those nights you just don't feel like cooking! My favorite things I've tried are the Baked Ziti and the Chicken Picatta. They also have my favorite calamari fritte in the valley- it's always tender! The food may not quite meet the homemade standard, but it sure does the trick!
3	A hit or miss experience.  Went there the other night and the older guys (managers?) running the host stand were very unpleasant.  When we told them our party WAS indeed all present, but just in the bathroom, they took another ten minutes to get us taken care of.  Then they scoffed when we asked where our waiter went fifteen minutes after taking our drink order.The wait staff themselves are usually decent, to be honest.  But it's a little inconsistent.If cheapness is your thing, come here.  After all, it's run by the wizards who brought you the authentic stylings of Chili's and On the Border (oh, sorry, most of the ladder here in Phoenix closed).  You can get a run-of-the-mill pasta and one to take home for $12.95.  I do enjoy the late night fridge raid of my second meal, but it's nothing I couldn't have spent ten minutes and made in my own pot.  The classics menu is a who's who of boring concoctions with no original take on them.The atmosphere here is interesting and surprisingly void of a North Scottsdale vibe.  Problem is you never know exactly what you're going to get.  I'm not a huge fan of any chain Italian, but I'll take Carrabba's across the street; feels a bit more warm to me even if it's less hip, and the menu offers more excitement.
4	This is a great restaurant that is in between a true cheap chain and one of those super expensive one of a kind dining experiences. We went here for our office holiday party and we had 8 adults and 1 two year old. They pushed some tables together for us so we all got to sit together which for some reason every other restaurant in Scottsdale we wanted to go to was not able to accomodate. The server was helpful and prompt. They take reservations and I agree with some of the other reviewers that you should make one for busy weekend hours.
4	I realized i haven't yelped this place even though i have been here at least once a year since moving here.Okay so maggiano's in my opinion is only worth it if you are going to do family style eating...heck yes all you can...I only come here on special occasions with my family, when everyone is in town. We ordered i think almost all the combinations of food you can think of for the family style. I really love their stuffed mushrooms and calamari appetizers. Those are always a good pre-game snack, but it turns into a pre-game meal because of it being bottomless.There are too many main courses for me to remember, but i enjoy them all especially with it being...yes all you can eat.The dessert, get the cream puffs those are amazing monsters of joy...and i think sometimes i save half my stomach just to throw down 2-3 of those. I really enjoy this place for family outings because its about eating up. But really who would turn down high quality all you can eat food?? it's not a buffet so you will have to shovel out a pretty penny for the family style eating.
1	The worst experience with this restaurant chain ever, management was not working with the host. A patron waiting behind me was attacking me on making a decision on whether I wanted to wait 90 mins to eat after the host asked me if I wanted to wait 15 seconds earlier. I came to Scottsdale to relax on vacation and left knowing people are so rude in this city.
4	Another amazing meal at Maggiano's!  Thank you to Tracy for her great service and attention to our meal. Eggplant Parmesan is the best!  What a deal, but 1 pasta/entree, take one home for only $12.95!!!  Love Maggiano's since living in Chicago years ago. Go enjoy the food and great service. If you've not tried Maggiano's family style entrees, you need to make a reservation and go now...!
3	Ok, as far as Italian goes this place is pretty decent.  The big pull for here is the amazing value.Buy one of any of the classic dishes and take home another classic dish for later all for the single dish price.  The food is basic but tasty and it reheats well.Nothing crazy special here but if you're in the area anyways check it out!!!!
3	Really good food, but the wait staff lowers the score.  Our female waiter came to our table five times while my water glass was empty, never offered to fill it.  That is poor service.  I handed the totally empty glass to the manager as we were leaving and expressed my disappointment.  Will probably give this another try, but would prefer Brio or Bravo.
5	Great food and great people!!!
4	I made a reservation to celebrate two birthdays.  The girl asked if there was anyone in our party that would find it difficult to climb a flight of stairs, if necessary.  I thought that was very considerate as there was someone in our party that had recently had knee surgery on both her knees.I made the reservation for 6:30.  By the time we got there, our table was all ready for us.After we sat down, we were served with a basket of bread with plates of olive oil and a dish of grated cheese.  Delicious bread, by the way.  So delicious, we asked for another basket of it, which they didn't charge us for, by the way.  Other restaurants do that, even for the first basket.  (Shame on them.)Our food was great!  One of us had the $12.99 Classic Pasta dish, which he thoroughly enjoyed and devoured.  Growing boy of 21.  lol.The good thing about that offer is that you can choose a different dish for taking home than what you ate dining in.  The bad thing is, you can't order it with substitutes as they're already made up.  I had the Grilled Salmon Lemon and Herb.  I wasn't really looking for something that would be a lot and heavy in my stomach, so this was perfect.  Not a big serving, but perfect for what I was looking for and healthy, too.The wine list left a bit to be desired.  I could only find one wine that I liked on it that wouldn't break the bank.Since we were celebrating two bdays, we both got a plate of their homemade lemon cookies, which were delicious.  I'm not a big fan of lemon cookies because they're usually very tart in flavor.  These were not.  They were a little tart, but more sweet than anything.The only parts of our visit that I didn't quite care for was that our server was a bit scarce.  We had to hunt her down to get more water or refresh our bread basket/drinks.  The other thing was that we felt rushed after we got done eating.  Some of us would've liked a cup of coffee or something, but as soon as the check came, we paid and left.  No "is there anything else I can get you?" or anything.
4	Food!  Glorious food!  You're going to stuff your face at Maggiano's. We dined at this location for a team luncheon. It's not quite beneficial to have a family-style feast of carbs, sauces, cheese and meats if you wish to be productive during the latter half of the day...But it was SO worth it!Appetizer:  stuffed mushrooms, bruschetta, and the tomato caprese. These dishes are on the oily side (in this case, oil=flavor), and it's way too easy to have one (or four) too many servings. First course:  spinach salad, caesar salad and freshly baked bread. The salads were fresh, generously dressed and highly addictive. Second course:  fettuccine alfredo, homestyle lasagna, chicken piccata, baked ziti, and chicken Parmesan. All of these dishes are on the heavier side, but were absolutely delicious. A little bit goes a long way!Dessert:  chocolate zoccatto cake and apple crustada with caramel sauce served a la mode.  Who doesn't love chocolate cake or apple pie?   I could eat the apple thing alllll day long. Is there such thing as too much deliciousness in one meal?
5	Tooks some friends that were in town from the Midwest for dinner here, and we loved the family style menu!! Great salads, all of the pasta was delish, chicken parm was so crispy & golden!  Could not get enough of their breadsticks & calamari!We'll definitely be coming back!
5	Went here on Friday night with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday. Was a great experience and I dont have one negative comment about Maggianos. I just wish they were closer so I could go more often :) We had a party of 8 and everyone loved what they ordered, the appetizers, cocktails, entrees and desserts were all faboulous. It took a lil longer than your typical Italian restaurant to get the meal out to us, this is to be expected when they are preparing everything fresh and with a large party group. The waitress was super attentive and had no issues with spliting all the checks up. Even though we had a large party they didnt charge us a forced gratituity, it was labeled on the receipt as a suggestion. We all didnt mind paying the suggested gratuity since our service was so great. I had a lemon drop martini, it was the best I have ever had and Javier had the Long island ice tea (also the best I ever had). I was so surprised of a restaurant that is a chain would be so great and care so much about the quality of the food and service. Can not be compared to your other chain Italian establishments. I will be returining for sure. If any one from Maggianos is reading this please consider opening up a location in Chandler, Im sure  you will recieve plenty of business.
5	Great Italian food and a great ambiance. I dont know the prices or menu options because we ate here for a wedding rehearsal. The food was great and so was the service. Our waiter and waitress were very professional. I would recommend this place. Its the best Italian food I have had this side of the country!!
2	Everyone thought the food was good...  The waitress was not suited for this venue and was overwhelmed by the size of our party (eight in all).  We waited a long time for everything and 1 of our appetizers didn't make it until after the main course was served.  Water glasses, beer glasses left unfilled.  WE asked for a second basket of bread and cheese for the pasta at least 3 times.  Used plates were left on the table and we had to ask to have them removed as they were serving the main dishes.  A glass of wine was spilled on my friend next to me ( by the waitress ) .   By the time our meal was complete and we were heading out the door, over 2 hours had passed.  It took the manager at least half an hour to make it to our table to talk to the wine wearing customer.  They did replace her meal (which she had them make it to go) .  When she got her check they had removed the cost of the meal and gave her a card to have her garments cleaned.  Anyway,  zero complaints about the food or the price for that matter.  But, everything else just made it  not so enjoyable.
2	went to dinner last night at this well known restaurant.  As is usual, the wait was between and an hour and an hour and a half.  After about an hour, we decided to eat in the open seating area of the bar as many others were doing.  There service was s...l...o...w!    i could tell the waitress was overwhelmed and was extremely busy. it took 15 minutes just to place a drink order.  by the time the food came we had been at the restaurant for almost 2.5 hours.  The portions were huge which i think is compensation for marginal italian.  I was not impressed with this restaurant at all.
5	We went with reservations for our anniversary.  We were seated promptly, the wait staff was friendly and attentive, appetizers were delicious, fried zucchini and calamari, entrees were hot and tasty and large portions.  Had our take home entrees for lunch and dinner the next day.  All for forty bucks.  We will be back.
5	there for business dinner and had great experience!  food and service were exemplary.it's my favorite place in North Scottsdale.
3	I've been to Maggiano's a few times when I lived in Chicago and was not overly impressed. The pasta never wowed me, but their salads did.....at least they used to. I ordered the entree size Maggiano's salad. The iceberg lettuce was swimming in salad dressing and it did not come with the crispy prosciutto as mentioned on the menu. My husband ordered the smaller version of the same salad and they were the exact same size. They put his in a small bowl and mine on a plate. I felt a little ripped off. If you get a salad ask for dressing on the side.
5	Now, I've only been here once, and from that one dining experience, I am WAY impressed. It's 25 miles away from our house in Chandler, but my husband had a gift card and we wanted to try something new. Just the atmosphere alone is inviting. The ceilings are very high with a loft with seating as well. I ordered a glass of Malbec which is always delicious, and then we ordered off the pasta menu for $12.95. When my husband ordered his Spaghetti & Meatballs, the waitress asked him, "And what would you like to take home?" We looked at her like she had 3 heads! She explained that for $12.95, you receive a pasta to eat at the restaurant, and then you get to choose another pasta to take home with you. AND they definitely don't skimp on the portions, holy crap! I had the Baked Ziti....if I had died that night, I would have died a happy woman. Maggiano's definitely impressed us, and it is very far away so it will be more of a "Special Occasion" restaurant for us, but it's definitely worth the title!
5	When I found out that they do banquets here, I was quick to make a reservation for a wedding rehearsal dinner.  The service was as good as it gets...period.  The food choices my wife and I had to decide on were plentiful, and the result was beyond fantastic!  From the appetizers, to the main courses and finishing with yummy dessert...this place rocks.
1	What; The Fuck! There is a HUUUGE rift in the taste bud department. I really don't know how to say this without completely insulting SOME reviewers but do you have any fucking taste buds? How the hell does this shitbox get 4 solid stars and over 100 reviews?????? Please, someone? This is garbage. GARBAGE. It has been awhile since I've eaten at a chain restaurant and it will be another decade before I do again it seems. Here is what I know, this is what I've eaten. Gnocchi w/ Sausage in a Vodka Cream Sauce. I don't care if the sausage was good or if the sauce was perfect. The Gnocchi was TERRIBLE! Gummy, Dense, Thick....DEES-CUSTING. Lobster Carbonara. Overall taste was fair, sauce had binded and really became bulky whilst mid pasta twist. Snap pea pods in the dish?? Peas...Definately. Pods.....way to sweet and distinct. Service was terrible.....Terrible. There are many Italian restaurants in Arizona. This so far has been the worst for me. The other 5 diners agree too. Dismal White Clam Sauce, Bready, Heavy meatball's, Tough Raviolis. The only standout......Grilled Poundcake....It was descent.
3	I love Maggiano's in Chicago. This one was okay. We made a reservation for 12 and since it was a large group, you have to order family style, which was okay. The big thing was we had a reservation and we had to wait almost an hour more before we got seated. That would be okay, but we had elderly person with us. We had to go get a chair from the restrurant and sit outside while we waited, since the bar area was packed with people waiting too.The manager did try to recover with offering us a free appetizer. The waitresses where good and the food was okay.Overall, I would go somewhere else if you have a large party and do not want to wait even if you have a reservation for food that was okay.
3	A step up from Olive Garden but nothing special.
2	Decent food, family type restaurant. Dining room is jam-packed - a bit snug, elbow to elbow. Meal was fine but nothing to rave about; server seemed very nice but just awful. Very slow and inattentive. Not sure why this place is super popular when it's only so-so.
4	Maybe my visit was a bit different this time since I made a reservation and didn't have to fight to get in.  We ate their for lunch and all of our entrees were delicious.  We enjoyed the Calamari, Stuffed Mushroom, Maggiano's Salad, Chicken PIcatta, Ravioli del Forno and Spaghetti.  We loved the whole take home portions they offer with their pastas.  The server was fabulous.
4	Good food, great service.  For the GF'ers out there, they many options--the food-servers can request most items to be gluten free.  Not much variety for strict vegetarians, though.  Atmosphere is classy and friendly, but noisy.  The  pork dish my wife had was very good, the lobster that I had was a bit overcooked and the risotto was a bit crunchy.  Would definitely go back--the salad was incredible,
2	I drive by this restaurant all the time and finally made reservation to eat there. I made reservation for 8:30pm this past Saturday. When we arrived we were told they are a little behind schedule on their reservations. Not a problem, we thought. Sat at the bar to have a drink while we wait. 45 minutes goes by, still waiting at the bar. Talked to a few other couples near us, and they had been waiting for over 2 hours! When asked how much longer, they say "any time now". I have never been to a restaurant that when I made reservations, I still had to wait 1 hour before being seated. Their management sucks! And is not organized at all. The bar tenders were getting pissed off because people at the bar waiting were only drinking water because the wait was so long.Once seated, the wait staff was also slow. So either the kitchen was behind, or the wait staff was slow, but over all the service was really bad!! There were several other tables near us, that were complaining to the wait staff. So we are not the only ones that had a bad experience with this place. The food was pretty good. I'll try give this place one more try, maybe during the week, to see if the service is the same or if it's better. At this point I don't plan on referring anyone to this place! I really hope they get organized; I really dont see how they can stay in business.
1	Ok, I've been a HUGE fan of this place, up until this visit.  In fact, this visit will likely make me never walk into another Maggiano's ever. The hostess did not great us, just took us back to a table. No hello. nothing.  Upon being seated, our "waitress" comes up to us and says "uhmmm, yah, I get it if you don't know what you want since you just sat down" and walks away. NOT KIDDING. It was all down hill from there.  The food was cold and just awful. Plain awful. No taste. The portion sizes are HUGE but I'm not trying to feed a village, just me.  I got the Ravioli.  How do you mess up Ravioli?  Go to Maggiano's.  Cold and slimy and the sauce tasted like a salt shaker fell into it.Why didn't I complain at the restaurant?  I never had a chance to.  The waitress never came by to find out how our food was.  She never delivered the food either, just the runner.  Really bad experience and for the $60 bucks spent plus tip for 2 of us, we will be dining elsewhere.
4	Be prepared to be rolled out of there at the end of your meal! The food is wonderful with an assortment of flavors and pasta varieties. We ordered the dinner for 2 for $39.95 and talk about value and taste! Bread, 2 salads (or an appetizer if you prefer), 2 basic pasta choices including the amazing lasagna, a desert to share and full-size take home portions for another meal. They have a fabulous Sangria as well. This biggest drawback is the wait. Even with a reservation you will be waiting on a Friday or Saturday. We were told 30 minutes and it was closer to an hour and 15 minutes before we were seated. Luckily, there were spots at the bar to have a drink in the meantime and we could have ordered an appetizer to tide us over if we wished. They are just that good and that busy. Fairly casual atmosphere and great servers make for an enjoyable evening. If you aren't in a rush, enjoy the whole experience in its entirety.
2	The food here is fantastic but the service leaves a lot to be desired. It's such a shame given the wonderful, inviting atmosphere and delicious food.My boyfriend and I went here last Friday -- 08/24/12 -- around 8:00PM and from the start it was a disaster. We asked to wait for a booth and the hostess said she wasn't sure how long it would be and that most of the guests in booths at already been at the restaurant for 2+ hours. It was totally not a problem that she didn't know and I appreciated her honesty. After 20-30 minutes -- and seeing a booth remain empty for at least 10 minutes -- the hostess then goes up to a group next to my boyfriend and I and asks, "Were you guys waiting for a booth?" They nodded. I was confused because the hostess did not tell us that there was a group in front of us waiting for a booth. My boyfriend said it sounded like the hostess forgot who was waiting. This irritated me since we were waiting for so long. However, I did not want to make a scene and decided to just wait for another booth. Another 10-15 minutes goes by and we finally were seated. The server -- Kyle -- takes awhile to come by and take our drink order, I think about 10 minutes. When he does finally come by we wait another 10-15 minutes for our drinks and several more minutes for bread. We order our entrees and hope for the service to improve. Nope. Everything took several minutes (10-15 minutes) for drink refills and I think about 20-25 minutes for our food. No wonder people are here for hours. They didn't seem that busy but I also don't know how a restaurant operates so I don't want to make the assumption that service absolutely should have been faster. All I know is that it took forever and even though I asked for a drink refill twice it never happened. I gave up. Didn't even want to stay for dessert because I knew it would take forever. I really thought our food was delicious and for that reason I will be back but plan to wait, and wait, and wait.
1	Not the best Italian food I have have.
5	Was here again last night and both the service and the food were amazing. The waiter so so kind and had perfect timing on drinks, bread, etc. I think my experience written up in the last review was likely just an off-night for the restaurant or server.Last night was a totally different experience and it was the dinner rush, we stopped in at 7:30PM. I ordered the carbonara with chicken instead of lobster -- just not a fan of seafood and pasta -- and it was amazingly delicious. I also really love their bread and butter. The bread is soft and fresh and the butter is room temperature (it's kind of a pet peeve of mine when butter is served cold). Yummy Italian food!
5	You can't beat their special that is in their classic pasta dishes... get one and the chef treats you to another one to take home!  I have to say the Four Cheese Ravioli makes me salivate just thinking about it.  I swear, next time, I am going to get the ravioli for BOTH dishes!  I can't wait til we get to go back!
5	Great food, excellent service! I love the take home another entree deal. Love it. If you love Italian you gotta try this place. Reserve a table using Open Table works perfectly.
4	You can't beat their buy one take one lunch special. The food is yummy, and the service is fast and friendly.
4	Really nice Italian restaurant.  Good for big families and brunches. The buy 1 get a take home menu pastas are an amazing deal and all heat up really good.  The lasagna is so good!!!
1	I have eaten here before and the food is tasty but today when I went in for happy hour at the bar I was shocked at the lack of professionalism displayed by the staff. They were all talking very loud and swearing while showing each other images on their phones. Not only that but the bartender girl was constantly texting on her phone rather than paying attention to her customers. I am pretty sure the manager was there and actually joined in on the locker room type of talk with his employees which was a shame. I couldn't even talk to my girlfriend because they were so loud and distracting. They also were making fun of their customers and their drink choices. All in all I would not go back here after what I saw. How does a place like this that acts like it is upper crust have a staff of unprofessional people up front? As a manager, how do you not have some rule in place that bans phones from employees while they are working? This was amateur hour and definitely not what I expected. Maybe at Olive Garden but even they have rules and their employees don't pick up their phone at any chance they get.The flatbread was tasty. I wish I could have enjoyed it instead of listening to a flamboyant server talk about how drunk he got he night before.
5	Went there last night for a company party.  It was a drive, I live on the other side of town and Scottsdale on a Saturday night is no picnic to drive through.  The occasion was a dinner hosted by my company.  We got served 3 courses, and were waited on.  The first course was all vegetarian.  The fried cheese raviolis were amazing, the salads that were severed were delicious.  The raviolis were the first items gone.  We sat in a round table with co-workers and food was served on big plates (that were heavy, we had to help each other serve).  The second course there was no vegetarian food, and I was offered two other choices due to my question of if any of this food was prepared vegetarian style.  She went and found out  non were, and  was she offered me eggplant parmesan.  It was excellent.The third course was dessert, tiramisu and apple crumble deserts.   The tiramisu was amazing.  The placed was packed and I can see why, the food and service was amazing.I don't know price range, since the company I work for hosted it.  On their menu on the website it has prices I believe.It is somewhere I would take my wife for dinner, but not while we live on this side of town.
3	This is my first visit to this location, I have been to other locations and enjoyed the evening. The food was good , however the service was extremely rushed! The appetizer had barely been served when the entree followed. Not a very relaxing evening.
4	Not a bad place for Happy Hour (3-6 pm), you can get their flatbreads for half off.Service was friendly  and efficient.My only wish is that that food selection for happy hour would be a bit larger.I know Maggiano's is known for gigantic family style portions similar in style to Bucca di Beppo.  I was pleasantly surprised however to find a miniature tiramisu on their menu which was very tasty and not too rich.
4	Good and pretty reasonably priced, but I probably wouldn't drive across town to eat here. Probably the best thing we tasted all night was the zucchini appetizer with lemon aioli dipping sauce. The waitress said it was a house specialty and I could see why. I don't really like zucchini and I happily ate my share of crispy panko-breaded zucchini and aioli. The bruschetta was good but a bit on the sweet side. Lots of garlic though. Hubby ordered the fruitti de mar (it had a different name on the menu). It was huge, delicious and full of seafood, but many of the shells from the seafood were cracked and he was picking shell fragments out of his meal all night. When we mentioned this to the server she apologized but that was it. Overall, that was our only major issue. My chicken saltimboca was good, and our friends enjoyed the homestyle pastas. They each got one to eat and a complimentary one to bring home, which I thought was a cool idea on the restaurant's part.Service was friendly and efficient even with several large groups. Apparently if you have a group larger than 10 you can pay a flat price per person and they will serve everything family-style. Reservations are definitely a good idea here. The place was pretty empty at 4:45 on Saturday but by the time we left at 6:30 it was packed with an hour wait.
1	I went here for my sisters birthday, with 5 adults 2 kids and an infant. The food was ok but the service was extremely horrible, we were here at 1 p.m. there was 5 other tables in the restaurant filled the rest was empty, I would assume they would give us decent service for the price of the food but that is asking way to much.
4	This is a fun place to come with the family.  You can't beat the deal on Marco's meals.  My husband and I were here with his parents and mother's cousins the other night.  The place was very busy but our waiter Jeff kept all the drinks well stocked and we never had to ask for refills.  All of our meals were prepared perfectly.  The portions are huge and we had plenty for left overs.  Try the Creme Brulee - it is amazing!
4	I really enjoy this place.  The food is very good, the service isn't bad.  Plus the $10.00 off coupon for joining their eclub isn't bad either. This place will always have a special place in my heart, because this is where I took my wife on our first date.
5	Oh My God!  This is the best Italian food I have ever eaten!  Seriously!  This is going to be food that I crave.I went here last night, to meet my boyfriends son.  So, it was ideal that we meet at a pretty special but "kid friendly" (I'd call if more family style) place.  When we got there at 7:00 on a Sunday, we were told there was a 30 minute wait, but a table opened up in the bar and we were able to grab it and be served right away.I was told the portions were big so I decided to share with my 8 year old.  Much to my delight, I found out there was a selection of the menu where you could mix and match pastas and take a 2nd order home at the end of your meal.  We ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce (my 8 year old's choice) and decided to take the Eggplant parmesean home.  My boyfriend and his son got the lasagna which I tried and it was incredible.  The spaghetti was good and there was a lot leftover even though we shared.The waitress was great and attentive to our needs even though the place was packed and we were there for over 2 hours just enjoying each others company.  As were were finishing up, one of the cooks came out from the back to visit with a friend that had come in for dinner.  He was short, stocky, bald, jovial, and loud- a real Italian.  No wonder his food is so good!  The next day, I almost ate the eggplant for breakfast but I controlled myself until about 11:30.  I can't believe how good it was.  Refrigerated overnight and nuked and it was still incredible.  I cant imagine how good it has to be fresh out of the oven.If Valentine's Day wasn't 3 days away I'd suggest we go back here for dinner.  It is a north Scottsdale restaurant that is comfortable and classy.  Dress up or dress down, it doesn't matter.  It is just comfortable.  Some things I noticed....  There is valet parking by the front door, but there is plenty of public parking too.  They have take out.  It is a good idea to make a reservation.  Sitting in the bar is just fine vs. a long wait for a table (although I didn't go in the back and see the restaurant.)  They host big parties- weddings, anniversaries, etc.  AND, the coolest thing, they hold cooking classes the last Thursday of the month.  I think I dropped enough (pretty straight forward) hints to my b.f. that I thought it would be a fantastic Thursday date night.  We will see how it goes. :)
4	I am usually not a fan of chain restaurants, but this is the exception. Started off with the Italian sausage and peppers - mind was blown from there. This place is phenomenal, looks beautiful, and serves tasty food. If you are like me and skeptical about chain restaurants, give this place a try and I swear they'll change your mind!
4	Nice birthday dinner celebration.   Awesome place to take starving college kids.   They loved the food and the to go bags to feed them for a few days.   Everyone there was very friendly, making sure that the birthday was special.
4	great bartenders
2	So you would think this place has it down when it comes to large parties because the only time I have ever come here (and have seen many times) is for large get togethers.  Well, they came sort of close...I have worked in a restaurant as a server, so I always try to give the server the benefit of the doubt.  I know that it is extremely stressful serving large parties, takes much longer, and can generally stress you out.  Our server appeared to be finishing up with a very large party of about 20 women when he started with us.  Ok, I'll give him that.. it took quite some time between the time we sat to the time we ordered drinks, got our drinks, and then placed our food order (about 20 minutes).  It took another 30 minutes before our table got our salads/soups... and then ANOTHER 30-40 minutres after soups/salads were served until we got our food.  By the time we got our food, we were tired, not that hungry, and a little irritated.  Plus, I don't think the food is worth THAT long of wait.To rate the food/drinks:-Mom said her martini was just OK... should have been served more chilled.-salads were heavy on the dressing, but good.-Main dishes were good, good quality food... but side of angel hair pasta dishes were too dry.Our server did apologize stating that there were many other problems tonight in the kitchen, hence the long wait.. but who knows if that is true (I may or may not have used that line a time or two as a server...) And he did redeem for the long wait by providing us 2 free desserts to take home (cheesecake was yum!)I guess my biggest complaint, while also trying to be understanding of the fact that this place is so insanely busy, was the general attitude I felt from the staff we interacted with.  From the hostess to the manager helping the hostess to the server... I felt as a server, they were not emitting the kind of welcoming attitude that should be given at a restaurant.  Yes, I know it is jam-packed in your restaurant and people are probably complaining up the wahzoo about waiting for a table.  But the experience the staff creates for a restaurant is usually what gets me wanting to come back!Another tip--be prepared to talk loudly when you go.. it is very noisy!  And dark.
4	Come here for a ton of family style Italian food.  You definitely won't leave hungry.
5	I'm never disappointed. Outstanding pasta selection and the take home is just as good. I could eat it every day.
2	Worst experience ever.  We were here for two Saturdays (first Saturday about 11 people and 2nd Saturday 8 people) both times we did not get our food for almost 2 hours.  Our group was not the only one had the issue, we can see other parties complaining and yelling to the manager for the poor service,  but not all experience was bad though because the manager apologized for the issue, gave us a 100 dollar gift card and said our food are also free of charge.  I can't imagine how many parties they had to comp.The food are good unfortunately the service are terrible when it comes to big parties.It's not bad if you go on a small group but I would not recommend a party of more than 4 people, clearly they don't know how to handle large parties.
5	Family friendly and our favorite dinner destination in Scottsdale.   We love the food.  I suggest you check out their famous rigatoni dish, it is fantastic!  Good for little ones as well.
4	i am giving this place a full 4 stars.  Joelle our waitperson was very attentive and very nice.   The food was fantastic,  we took our friends from New York City, NY last saturday .. and they loved it.  that was the real test. They were surprised at the name..  Hey is this like Il Tormina in Little Italy or what ?  GREAT FOOD !   Everything but the Tony Bennett pictures on the wall. (for those that know, they know what I mean)  We sat outside on a cool lovely evening.  What really blew us away was getting an entire pasta dish to take home and eat the next day.  huge portion.. We will definitely be back soon.   Great wine list too.   this place is huge..
5	Second visit and Maggianos was delicious again. The food portions are great and the service was great.
1	I'm pretty angry... I was slightly ticked after our visit last night and fully intended to give Maggiano's a 2 star update. But within the last 5 minutes I went from annoyed to pissed.Let me start from the beginning...After a very rough Saturday with a beloved member of our family in the hospital, we were craving some comfort food, and we were in no mood to cook. We had a great experience at Maggiano's last time and we thought the extra meal they provide when you order a classic entree would be perfect the next day, since we knew we would be busy and emotionally drained.We get there and hear there is an hour wait. Luckily we snagged a bar table and didn't have to wait. We order the overpriced drinks. They take 10 minutes to arrive. My cocktail is pretty watered down. Okay. We understand busy restaurants. Not mad... yet. We order our food. The complimentary bread still hasn't arrived. I thought my starving husband and kid were going to pass out. 20 minutes pass. No server. 40 minutes pass. Our server approaches "Oh, would you like some bread while you wait?" Why, yes. Yes we would. Another 10 minutes pass. We get our bread. Our cold, stale tasting bread. Luckily olive oil can save even stale bread. My famished teenager ate most of it.My husband and I both order another round.Another 20 minutes pass. I got my wine but my husband never got his beer. A food runner brings out our food. No offered Parmesan or anything. My husband looks around longingly for his beer. We dig into the food. My normally not picky teenage boy said "There's something strange about this food. Can't put my finger on it". He still ate most of it of course. My husband's rigatoni was passable. My eggplant Parmesan on the other hand ... while I appreciate it being hand breaded and not like the formerly frozen discs that the Olive Garden serves, I was disappointed. There were three layers of eggplant. While the bottom 2 layers were warm, the top layer was room temperature. The breading itself was salty and very eggy. It tasted like the first time I attempted making eggplant Parmesan as a college student.  The one slice of mozzarella on top of this mess was not even melted. It had the texture of sliced processed cheese. The sauce was not good ... you know all that garlic that I loved in my previous review? Well, it was still there. But it tasted like stale garlic cloves that were barely cooked. It's like they threw in these awful garlic cloves 5 minutes before the sauce was done cooking. They were actually chewy. We finally saw our server when she rushed over and threw our to-go entrees at us. Still didn't bring the beer.A few more minutes pass and she brings the beer and apologizes for her 20 minute delay. My husband said no thanks, that he doesn't want it. She says ok, walks away, then has the good sense to walk back and give it to him saying it's on her.But don't feel too sorry for us ... the table next to us was seated before we were. They got their food a solid 15 minutes after we did.  I wasn't ready to throw in the towel on Maggiano's. I just figured they had a bad night. After all, my previous visit was so awesome.Well... after another grueling and emotional day I finally decide to put some food in my belly. Wow, that order of cheese raviolis from Maggiano's sounds pretty good right now. I reach into their fancy to-go paper bag and pull out the entrees. 2 meat lasagnas. One sausage rigatoni. Zero cheese raviolis. I really am ready to call them and scream at them... but it's after 10pm on a Sunday. If I weren't a life long vegetarian I would be tearing into those other entrees. But I'm not. Which is why I ordered cheese ravioli.No worries. I scanned my near empty refrigerator and pantry. Found some ramen noodles and frozen costco raviolis. Score! I'm sure the Costco ravioli tastes better than their crappy ravioli any day. :(
3	Standard American Italian  fare+checkered table clothes+piped in Sinatra playing in the background, = pretty safe and predictable dinner.  About what you'd expect from a corporation like Brinker.
5	We just had our wedding reception here and I am astonished at the level of service we received.  It was perfect.  The banquet team did an amazing job meeting our specifications for a 60+ person wedding.  Everything was top notch.  I am vegan and they made sure we were taken care of with my special diet.
2	My experience last night at Maggiano's was impressive and disappointing at the same time. I made a reservation for 6 people for Mother's Day dinner.  We were being seated to our table and we headed to the back room where I guess they do private parties.  It didn't excite my Mom to be in the back room where a lot of the screaming kids were so we asked for a table in the dining room and it wasn't a problem.  Matt was our server for the evening.  He told my Mom happy Mother's Day and she just loved that coming from such a good looking guy!  Matt was awesome, service was great.  I hope to have him as a server again. My disappointing part of the evening was my food.  I had the Gnocchi which was cold and the portion size was small.  The plate and marinara sauce was hot but the gnocchi was not.  I have been to Maggiano's many times before and have had the gnocchi many times before and it's always a good size portion and is hot.   Everyone else's food at my table was a big size and was at the right temperature.  So I ate some of my husband dish, the rustic chicken and shrimp which was very good, not to mention hot and a good portion.  I asked Matt for a box and he boxed it up for me so I could take it home and heat it up myself.  To get my experience on the positive side, I twisted my own arm and ordered the tiramisu.  Yeah, it's up on my top 5 tiramisu's I've ever had.  I highly recommend ordering it and sharing it. I will go back to Maggiano's and I probably won't order the gnocchi again due to the portion size. $15 for what I got last night, 75 cents per gnocchi piece was not worth it. My star rating for service is 5 stars and my rating for the gnocchi is a 1 star.
5	Went for lunch as it very close to my office, they have great deals on the Pasta for buy 1 get one free. Cost is about $12 + drink. Staff is friendly and good ambiance.
1	Is this a joke? I literally eat the single worst shrimp scampi dish I have ever had in my life. I then asked for a pasta dish with chicken. The sauce was terrible and the chicken was very rough. In addition the pasta was still a bit undercooked. Awful.
4	We've been here many times before and have visited this restaurant in other locations.  There is a good one in west end of Richmond, Virginia in nice shopping center that has a Nordstrom's and other high end stores.  Restaurant was very crowded and parties waiting, but we were seated immediately for our reservation.  A very nice roomy booth for husband and me.  Started off a little slow with no plates for the bread and olive oil and it took about 10 minutes for cocktail to arrive.  But our waiter was very attentive thereafter, made some good recommendations and we started with the steamed mussels (a favorite).  The excellent broth was mildly garlicy and the canneloni beans and pieces of sundried tomatoes made the dish.  Chopped salad had blue cheese and crispy prosciutto - Yum.  I had the chicken florentine (enough for 2 people) and stuffed with ricotta, spinach and a cream sauce was very good.  Husband had the Linguini di Mare which we've both had before with prawns, more mussels etc in delicious light tomato broth.  As usual, the meal didn't disappoint and we had food to bring home!
3	So disappointed in this restaurant.  Maggiano's  is one of my favorite restaurants in the Chicago area. However, this restaurant left me homesick for the Maggiano's from Chicago. I don't know what they are doing here but the food didn't taste the same, sad.
2	My first impression of Maggiano's was in Bellevue, WA. wow that was a nice place. Wait staff was professional , quick, plentiful, etc, and it just seemed like a place that was a little better than most nice places. Never had to wait more than 3-5 mins for anything or anyone there. The staff at the Scottdale M's was fine, but the whole vibe there was "we're going to do just a little better than Olive Garden". The food was good, but not excellent.  The 'killer' was the 'ol' "would you like some parmesian cheese?Bellevue location - waiter came out with a cheese grater and block of cheese immediately after we received our dishes and scraped away as long as we wanted.Scottsdale location - had to ASK for it.  When it came, the waiter just slapped one of those glass shaker thingys with the parmesian cheese, which pretty much validated our opinion of the place.Oh well, I probably won't go back - it's still better then Olive Garden, but just by a little bit.Oh, one more thing, we ordered our stuff off this particular section of the menu and were given a choice of 2 more dishes to take home in to go containers. Kinda shows they're more into quantity of food rather than quality.
3	Well, I'm from a suburb of Chicago, and we also have this chain. Oddly enough, the food in the Chicago location is better. With that said, we still enjoyed the lasagna, and salad. By far the best restaurant we ate at on our visit to the area. We may be a little spoiled as Chicago is a foodie city. The wait staff could not do enough :) Nice job!
5	Great Italian Food, get a large group of 4 or more and do the family style dinner and you will feast like you are in Italy. If you eat by ordering a smaller portion I would recommend the classic dinner where they give you an equal dinner to take home. I recommend the mom's lasagna and the baked ziti or spaghetti with meatballs. The flatbread pizza is great and the best pound cake you will ever have. We always get the lemon cookies to go in a tin container. Don't waste your money at Olive Garden
4	Italian-Americans are a weird bunch on the whole. Everyone has a family recipe for some type of dish that's 'the absolute best they've ever had'.It's true."Nobody can make sausage or meatballs like mama, or, her vodka gravy for that matter."Yeah, Yeah, heard it all before.Well I've got news for you's people.Short of taking a trip to Philly's Little Italy section, you're not going to find a better chain serving Italian anywhere.It may not be like your mom's, but then you also won't have your mom giving you shit for the hour and a half you're at her home, while she makes you a plate of pasta and braciole. See, that's the payoff for good Italian. Getting a fucking lecture on how your wife "can't do anything right" and how you should have married the DeLuca girl from down the block. Service is good. Ambiance is well above average. It's a huge building with lots of people to stare at, despite mama telling you not to do so.She also told you to teach your wife to cook if you weren't going to marry an Italian which is why you're here to begin with.Fucking mama.She's always right.
1	8/11/11After reading so many reviews about how great Maggiano's happy hour was, I decided to check it out myself and use a $10 gift card that Maggiano's had sent to me in honor of my birthday.  [Yes, I'm writing this review almost two years' later... I am that backlogged with reviews and photos- bear with me.  I don't think that these should be discounted based on how long it's been since these visits, because I (and others) could use these observations to see if the restaurants and their service and products have improved, or in some cases, worsened.)]  Was going to try a couple of the apps when I spotted the Four-Cheese Ravioli http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/maggianos-little-italy-scottsdale-3?select=GzMWRgNr3Im5eTXGK5rFiQ#GzMWRgNr3Im5eTXGK5rFiQ on the dinner menu.  The description mentioned ricotta, cream cheese, mozz, and provolone in a pesto-alfredo cream sauce, and I was hooked ("ricotta," "pesto," and "alfredo" hook me in 95% of the time).  Unfortunately, the dish was a HUGE letdown... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/maggianos-little-italy-scottsdale-3?select=dMECY1zFqidngRglm1e3sA#dMECY1zFqidngRglm1e3sA  All but two of the ravioli were half-frozen (especially at the edges), and the flavors?  All of the cheeses, marinara sauce, and pesto-alfedo cream sauce tasted the same!  All bland, without any distinction between them.  I tasted samples from allover the plate, from all components, separately and together, and couldn't discern any difference.  Even the entree's appearance was subpar.  Suffice it to say, I have not stepped foot into another Maggiano's since.The two good comments I could say are that the restaurant was quiet (no one was there) and the plates were quaint-looking, with that old-fashioned rose-and-bone tinted floral print.
3	Had a gift card here to take the wifey.  There is nothing too extravagant about this place, but the food is decent and the scenery and ambience made me feel like we were in Italy.  Therefore, it would be a good date night, but I would not come back again.  Their deal of ordering an entree and getting to take one back home is pretty awesome though.  I have not heard of anything like this before.  It is in a nice spot in Scottsdale, therefore, there are some things to do after or beforehand.
5	I am picky when it comes to restaurants because I'm from Europe and European restaurants have much nicer ambients but I really liked it at Maggianos. Food was very good. I even had a little special request and they did it for me. Our server hit the mark with our drinks, and dessert was delicious. Good job little Italy.
4	A year ago I would've given five stars but there's been a change in chef and manager and I don't know if it's been good.  Mind you we visited the second week of the new manager change so it might get better.  Still pretty good but they sent the wrong thing home with us (hubs went to get his lunch pasta out of the fridge in the morning and they'd wrapped up the appetizer we had left and told them we didn't want instead....oops).I called back to let them know that hubs didn't get his second pasta dish and was told that I could come back and get it.  I told them we lived a bit far to do that....and then the manager just said that we could stop in any time and just ask and they'd give us one.  Nothing above and beyond.....and considering we'd driven there I didn't think that was cool.  When you have to go back to get something THEY forgot I think there should be additional compensation.  So, I went online to their corporate site and let them know what happened.  They made it better!  They offered another dining experience on them to give them another try.  I don't understand why the local team wouldn't offer that given how many choices we have in restaurant options in the Phoenix area!  Also I am pretty sure that the OLD staff would have handled it that way.I go because they are great about making a lot of the menu gluten free if they can.  There is a gf pasta option which you can put with most entrees.......except the lasagna's and ravioli's, manacotti's etc.  So the filled pastas are not offered in a gf option. (score one for Picazzo's here).They also USED to offer a gf bread choice as well.  You had to pay for it but I don't mind that....now they don't even offer it.  Ugh.  Okay, again I feel like a second class citizen as the rest of the table sits with the amazing olive oil blend with their bread!I have had many of the Chicken dishes made gf.  I had the Masala this time and the Masala tasted off and was very brothy as opposed to saucy.  My garlic mashed potatoes which I subbed for the pasta side were excellent and the creme brulee was superb.I have had the lobster carbonara which is very good as well and not a bad price for the amount of lobster you get.  Overall I am appreciative of their gf offerings and I hope this new team gets better so I can enjoy going there again.
5	It was amazing here! This is the first time in a while where the server gave my girlfriend and I at least 5 refills of our drinks. Definitely will come back!
5	Once again these folks top my charts of the friendliest places to eat. Great food, wine and a happy atmosphere. I Love Maggianos ! My friends and I allways have a great time.
1	Horribly sad We have been going to Maggianos in the Chicagoland area since 1998 the Scottsdale location gets worse and worse it is almost unbelievable that the management allows such poor food quality.. We dined on a free meal due to a very bad meal the last time I would not eat here ever Again.... Free was even a wast of time and energy on this meal tonight the chicken Marsala was chewy tough and a joke tasting liked canned Marsala sauce. The eggplant parmigiana was old and reheated and dry like pieces of leather.
2	I'm grateful we were given a $50 gift card for Maggiano's.  Because I'm still kind of  ticked off that even with that, we ended up paying an additional $80+ for a meal that was lacking by most standards in quality and service.First, when walking from the parking lot to the front door, we were assailed by a horrendous sewage smell.  Lovely on a hot Phoenix night.  I assume not the restaurant's fault, but it set the tone.  It went from s**t to s**ttier.Entered the restaurant and were dead-eyed by two hostesses.  Or Zombies.  I'm not sure.  After a few moments of staring each other down, one asked us if she could help us.  (No, we just dropped in to say hi.)  So we ask for a table and she says it will be about 10 minutes.  Really?  With the dining room half empty?  Should have turned and left then, but that gift card was burning a hole in DH's pocket.  So in less than 10 minutes (about seven), her partner-in-rigor leads us to a table, pushes some menus at us, and vanishes.  Thank goodness.  (Zombies are carnivores, right?)Our server appeared pretty quickly.  We'd already looked at the menu and wine list and we ordered a plate of Bruschetta  to share and a couple of glasses of wine.   He returns in a decent amount of time with the wine, but manages to slop about a third of  DH's glass on the table.  He apologized mightily and swabbed the tabletop with DH's napkin, which he snatched up.  Still, at $11 a glass, it would have been nice if he'd offered to top off the glass.  It seemed like a long time, but about ten minutes later, the Bruschetta arrived.  What can I say---it was okay.  It was boring.  Nothing memorable about it, except it was pretty juicy. The toast got soggy fast.  I make this point because about mid-way, DH said plaintively, "I wish I had a napkin."  Our waiter had never replaced the one used to mop up the wine.  However, I am a good wife and I let him use a corner of mine to tidy up with.At the time of the appy delivery, we had ordered our meals.  DH and I each ordered a chopped salad and DS and DSGF ordered a caesar's salad.  Then DH ordered as his entree the Rigatoni "D" and I ordered the Lobster Carbonera and the kids each got a chicken Marsala.  So we eat our salads, which were...mediocre.   The greens weren't particularly fresh, the olives, red onions and pepperoncini barely made a cameo, the dressing was thin and tasteless and was served on the salad when we had specified on the side.  So our server came back and collected the plates---the kids had eaten up, DH did about 75% and I ate about half, because why waste room with a tired salad when I had Lobster Carbonera---oh what images that brought to mind!---coming for dinner!  Now each setting is set with two forks, and DH had used one for the bruschetta and one for his salad, so our server carried both away (but still no napkin, although he was like, "oh, yeah!" when we reminded him.)  Then we sat...and sat...and sat...and sat...and FINALLY our entrees came out.  (Yay!)  But no additonal fork or a napkin for DH.  We didn't think to tell the food runner so we were sitting there while the food cooled waiting for our server to check back in.  Which he did...eventually.  And was very apologetic.  And whisked off.  And finally...FINALLY...my husband has all the necessary dining equipment again.My Lobster Carbonera was a huge let-down.  What kind of images pop into your mind at this description:  spaghetti, lobster, smoked bacon, snap peas and garlic cream sauce?  How could you screw that up?  And yet...  Don't get me wrong, the amount of lobster was generous, the color of the snap peas was bright---so how did they manage to wring every bit of flavor out of it so it was one forkful after another of...nothing?  DH said said his Rigatoni was "okay", then wouldn't say much more.  I think because he was disappointed.  He had been so looking forward to a good Italian meal.  The kids gobbled up their chicken Marsala, but they are 18 and college students and would  eat shoe leather if it were free.  I felt like this was basically a one star meal when our server drifted back to say howdy, collect plates, and suggested dessert.  And I was hungry and annoyed and I looked at the dessert menu and thought what the heck. So I ordered the poundcake with the vanilla ice cream and puddle of hot fudge sauce and caramelized bananas.  And that's why this review is two stars instead of one.  Because that was delicious.  I mean, I'll never set foot in Maggiano's again, but I will always remember that dessert fondly and when I get the time, I am going to make it myself, and then I can have all the caramelized bananas I want to slosh around in decadent hot fudge sauce.So, just to finish the night off, DH stood up and there, on the back of his light khaki shorts, was a huge tomato stain.  Evidently there had been something on the seat.  So I've washed the shorts twice and it's fading---I am staying optimistic....  Something to remember Maggiano's by...
5	A summary and suggestion for virgin Maggiano's customers:Summary1.  Service was spectacular.  Our waiter refilled our water glasses several times and really knew his stuff.   It was my friend's birthday and she found some extra cookies our waiter had thrown in when she arrived home and unpacked her to go container.2.  Food - um....delicious.  I ordered spaghetti and meatballs and was not disappointed.  The meatball was as big as my head and very tasty.3.  Drinks - fantastic.  I had the red sangria (don't tell my Irish brethrin) which was delicious.4.  Atmosphere:  Classic Italian.  It's no Maestros, but it's also no Olive Garden.  Suggestion:Get the $39.95 dinner for two if you go with someone.  You actually get one very large meal (which you probably won't be able to finish) AND a to go meal which you can freeze, feed to the dog, or whatever else you decide to do with it + desert + a side.  It's a great value.Well played Maggianos...well played.
3	RUN!  Its a chain!
2	Host seemed confused about where to seat us... my glass was dirty... I could barely understand our waiter... my food was lukewarm... our request for fresh parmesan cheese was met with a shaker of the white powdery stuff.  Why, oh why, do I venture into chain restaurants?
5	Just went recently during restaurant week with my boyfriend and this visit was even better than the last! Food was delicious, and lasted us for a week and our server was awesome. We had the "Marco's Meal" which is a great value. $39.99 for an appetizer, two entrees to eat there, two entrees to take home and a dessert to share. I would definitely recommend this as a great place for date night.
5	I went here with my parents and they have an amazing 2 salads, entrees, and a dessert to share for $40 dollars. Also, YOU GET A PASTA DISH TO TAKE HOME THE NEXT DAY! With any pasta entree you get to pick a pasta "for tomorrow". I don't know of anywhere else that does this but Maggiano's beats other chains out of the water because of this deal. I got the baked ziti and for my "tomorrow pasta" spaghetti and meatballs (which is in the freezer right now so I can enjoy later this week). As for the dessert we got the chocolate mousse cake- it was a huge chunk of amazing cake. I had two bites and about fell over. I was so stuffed. Anyways our server was outstanding and very attentive. I recommend this restaurant to any person that loves Italian food and could eat it all week! Delizioso!
5	Love the food, love the architecture. Great staff, huge portions.  Very good prices
4	Great place with fancy atmosphere and reasonable prices. The service was slow bit the server was friendly.Parking is limited. Dining area was cold. The bread is delicious!
1	It pains me to write this review.  Maggiano's has been one of my favorite restaurants for years.  But ever since Guido Barilla came forward with his hateful remarks about gays/lesbians and women, I have been messaging Maggiano's on their facebook page and emailing them for a response....NOTHING!I deserve a response you creeps!  I've been a customer of your restaurant and have choked down thousands of dollars worth of your hate-filled pasta over the past decade.  GROW A PAIR and make a public statement regarding your marriage to Barilla pasta and the despicable remarks made by their CEO last month.  Have you guys looked at your servers?  Most of them are gay - why don't you think of them if your gay customers don't mean a darn thing to you???!?!?!?!?
5	It was my husbands birthday and I booked a table late in the day but for 5pm since he was catching a flight that night. We had a lovely table outside and since it was our first time they brought us fried ravioli with sauce, it was really good. The kids loved their cheese ravioli. We started with Steamed Mussels Tuscan Style,  I had the Grilled Salmon Lemon & herb with orzo & spinach for my main, hubby had the Veal Marsala and both were excellent! We had Tiramisu for dessert and it was wonderful. The service was outstanding! This was our first time here but will for sure be back!
5	We recently had a business dinner at Maggiano's and everything went great. Everyone enjoyed their food, and the service was wonderful. This is a great place for a fun evening for a couple, a family dinner, or a company dinner.Try the lobster carbonara-not a low-calorie dinner by any means, but it's worth the extra treadmill time!
3	This use to be one of my favorite places to eat but I feel like the food has gone down. The positions are huge, so great for sharing. But they started a few yrs back when you buy one of their classic dishes you get to take one for home and now I feel like all the food tastes like it's been made way in advanced and than just heated up, doesn't take fresh or home made like it use to. I no longer go here for dinner but will occasionally stop by for hh. If you sit in their bar area they have a handful of flatbread selections for only $5 and I can get a whole dinner out of it. I hope they change the dinner good quality and I would start going back again...
4	First time here and a great experience! Service great, food great, and the pumpkin cheesecake is amaze balls!! They have their own pastry chef in house which seems to make all the difference. My wife had the lobster covered tilapia which was better then my balsamic salmon. Coming here again
1	We walked in and the lobby was PACKED on a Thursday. I guess there were 2 huge parties at once, whose tables weren't prepared so they had them blocking the entrance. Wiggled my way up to the front bc we had a reservation. Took them 15 minutes to seat us, which makes no sense considering our reservation but whatever, I can move past that. We ordered a couple appetizers and 3 entrees.  The waiter forgot the appetizers and after we reminded him, they were delivered about 1 minute before the entrees.  The bigger problem was the food.  I ordered their 'classic baked ziti' and it was literally disgusting. Rubbery.  It was almost as though it had been sitting out for an hour or so and they just shoved it in the microwave. I guess that's what you get when it's buy one pasta, get one to take home.   That seemed like too good of a deal for 12.95$, which it was.  The beautiful decor and the valet parking indicate a great restaurant. This is just not the case.
4	I love this restaurant I work at a hotel in the area and recommend many people their for when they are in the mood for Italian. I just moved to Arizona and a guest came back with a dish for me. I fell in love. the fettuccine Alfredo is to die for.
4	My wife and I like to go to Maggianos when our fridge is a bit empty. We always get the Marcos Meal for two $39.95. You get any appetizer, two Classic pastas a dessert and two additional classic pastas to take home.To start I had the peach flavored ice tea. Highly recommended. I expected some weakly flavored tea but this was really very good. A bit on the sweet side but I like it.They serve some rolls before dinner with evoo and balsamic. Good bread rolls!For our appetizer we had the crab cakes, which are normally $14.95 by itself. Two nice sized crab cakes with a small mound of arugula and grape tomatoes as a little salad. Very good.Our eat in entree I had spaghetti and meatball. I know kinda boring but a large bowl and large meatball to boot. Well cooked pasta al dente and I couldn't finish it all more to take home. The wife had the mushroom ravioli which she liked but couldn't finish. More leftovers.We finished with the cheesecake. Excellent by the way. Large piece with strawberries and a strawberry sauce with whipped cream. Would have taken some home but we forced ourselves to eat it all. Yum!To top it off we got our take home meals to go and the wife had a $10 coupon from them. They are almost paying us to eat here. We will be back when the fridge empties again!
2	This place looks like would be good, but sadly, it is not. The portions are huge, and the food is very generic. We won't be returning here unless someone else wants to go here!
3	Had a gift card have been here before. The waiter was very pleasant and attentive. Table was okay my chair was up against a pillar but I could move. The entrees were excellent. However the first tray of bread was stale and chewy. We asked for more bread and it was hot and fresh. You had to ask for balsamic but there was evoo on the table. The pepper mill didn't work very well. The side salads, italian style had more wilted lettuce than fresh like it had been sitting in dressing for hours. I had the chopped salad for lunch about two weeks ago and it was also wilted and very flavorless and watery.  Given that I still would go back because I love the fried zucchini strips and the parmesan crusted tilapia was delicious. My husband loved his spaghetti and meatballs, pasta perfectly al dente.  Kind of a toss up between 3 and 3 1/2 stars.
1	Maggiano's is spotty at best. I go their take-out counter occasionally, and it's generally OK, save for an incredibly undercooked eggplant Parmigiana i ordered recently. Had to throw it out--it was like eating cardboard covered with sauce.  But more to the point--do yourself a favor and go to a family-owned Italian restaurant, as their numbers have dramatically increased in the Valley over the past 10 years. Italian food was not meant to be served by corporations; they lack the culinary skills and TLC that smaller restaurants offer. Places like Maggiano's, Carabba's, Olive Garden, an Buca di Beppo all serve an outdated "family style" cuisine that is more Italian-American than it is Italian. It;'s essentially gastronomic caricature. Worse, they do it on a mass-production level, which is anathema to Italian food. Look, McDonald's can be described as "good" too. But I prefer my hamburger made with quality unfrozen meat in small-scale environment.
4	Ambiance is great, Josh the bartender was super nice, however the hostess at the sign in desk was not at all friendly and bordered on rude/arrogant. Servers are terrific however. Good Marco's meal however the 'take home' dish was EXTREMELY oily and tasted awful. I'm not sure that happened to this food when it was heated at home a day later but I won't order a Marco's meal again. It looks like I'll be back to my Chicken Francees off their standard menu. In terms of dessert..don't miss the Tirimisu..it's to die for. Overall a good restaurant, just skip the leftovers/Marco's spare meal.
2	Customer service has been on a steady decline over the years. Used to be a good place, but now they've lost their efficiency. The past couple times my family has been here we have been subject to poor management. -Out of clean wine glasses so they didn't serve wine. Cleaning took over 30 min apparently. - Apps and Desserts both took over 30 min to come to table. One App didnt come until the entrees. - Waited 20 min for a table even though we had a reservation. - Server messed up split billI wont be coming anymore. It's too pricey for a poor experience.
5	Excellent. I had a party of 10 for my 50th birthday and food and service was perfect. I will go back again. No complaints.
5	Four of us went to Maggiano''s for lunch Sunday.  We were seated immediately and was assigned a very nice, efficient waitress.  We all ordered something different:  lasagna, meatballs and spaghetti and tortilinni.  All delicious.  We REALLY appreciated the background music which was at a low volume so we could easily converse.  Food was plentiful and fresh and hot.  Bread the same, and our waitress was quick to replenish when needed.  Had tiramirsu for desert.  All was excellent.  When we were done, our waitress asked which items we wished to take home.  They serve an item and you take home an equal item of your choosing.  We left with enough food for eight additional meals as servings are large.   Amazing bargain!  W e will be returning frequently doe to food and service and their generosity.  A happy dining-out experience!
4	Can't beat their chef special. Two entree for $40 & you each take a dish of your choice home.
1	I try to live by the phrase "if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all" but my negative experience here has really been bugging me and it's based on things that are completely preventable so I feel the need to point a few things out. As someone who put myself through college by working in the service industry, I have no patience for lazy and rude servers and it really irritates me when I go out to eat somewhere and am treated like I am an inconvenience for the one serving me. That's how I felt here. Our server was a young woman who from the moment we sat down was so nonchalant and unaccommodating that it made me want to leave within a few minutes. She didn't write anything down and came back to our table twice to get the correct order because surprisingly, she couldn't remember it all. Our food took an extremely long time and by the time we got it, it was luke warm and SO salty. I only took a few bites of it and told my fiance that we needed to leave. It then took us another 15 minutes to wave her down to get our check and all she did was place it on our table and walk away. Not even a "thank you" or "have a nice night". In the 15 minutes we waited, I looked around to observe the other servers and noticed one woman in particular who looked so annoyed at everything that was happening around her. She would literally roll her eyes while walking away from a table and push other servers out of the way to get to the bar well. This made me so uncomfortable just being around her. IF we ever eat here again, it will be to-go. I will never step foot in this restaurant again as a result of the extremely poor service and morale of the employees there. It was sad.
5	It was my first time here last night because my girlfriend had a gift card that she received from work, and the food and service was excellent.We started with salads; I had the Italian tossed salad which was exactly the way it was described on the menu. The vegetables were fresh and crispy. My girlfriend had the Caesar; she ate all of it. We then had the mussels with the spicy sauce. It was a little spicier than the server claimed, but we like spicy. Obviously the salad was supposed to come out first, but our server had the smarts to bring the salads first because the mussels take longer. The mussels were good, but the sauce was boss.For entrees, I had the braised brisket cannelloni and my girlfriend had the chicken Parmesan. The cannelloni is one of the best pasta dishes I've had. The chicken Parmesan had a very nice and crispy breading with juicy meat inside. I like my chicken Parmesan with more sauce and cheese, but it was my girlfriend's dish and she loved it the way it was.Our server's name was Jorge and he provided some of the best service ever! Great dinner, great service, with a great girl. We'll be back.
5	As good as it gets! Excellent service, ambiance, food and again...service! Ask for Scott out on the patio - can't go wrong with his suggestions and service! Don't forget dessert - I had the cheesecake and a second glass of proscecco!
4	I made reservations here for a first date before reading other reviews. And after reading other reviews I was concerned we wouldn't have good service. But that opposite actually happened. We had excellent service!!! Our waiter Jason was very attentive and courteous! The ambiance was pleasant. The environment a little noisy but for my girl and I it didn't bother us. We had a romantic time! After we ordered our food it was ready in 15 minutes and warm on the plate. The salmon was good, didn't care for the rice that came with it. My girlfriend got the chicken Parmesan and loved it. We shared the spumoni for desert and loved it. We forgot our coupon and receipt but will be back another time for sure.
1	Just called to ask about their parking situation - parking lot or valet.  Person who answered said that they did have both.   I asked how much valet was or if it was free.  She didn't know.  Come on, teach these people how to better answer the phones!!!
3	A good friend took me over , he praised this place for so long, I was expecting, I guess a bit too much.Saturday late morning, the restaurant wasn't Yet even half full.A confused waiter, messed our drinks order maybe 3 times. And all we wanted was coffee and tea. (Where the hell did places in this town got the habit of getting your coffee without a spoon, and when you dare ask them for one you get the feeling from them As if you are insane)An appetizer , stuffed mushrooms with spinach was mediocre at best, in some kind of white wine sauce (I guess?) .Pasta la chef with seafood & Alfredo , again , mediocre. Ate maybe half, took the rest home and dumped it righ when I got home.I did like the decor.
3	Really want to give it 3 and a half.  The menu variety, portion sizes and dessert are the positives.  Being a picky italian food eater from new york marinara sauce was average as was lasagna.  The dinner for two was tremendous value as you get 2 free pasta dishes as take home on top of your dinner.. the value plus being pretty good food would bring me back
1	This restaurant is not willing to accommodate large parties.  They have  family style menu which when you have a party of 4 people you can get 3 apps, 4 entrees and 2 desserts for one price...but if you have more than 4 people say you have 20 people they are not willing to accommodate you on their family style choices where you would get 6 app choices, 6 entree choices and 6 dessert choices which actually makes more sense accommodating large parties by having more choices.  They would not even let out party split tables and order their own meals off the menu. The manager was very rude about it, we were going there after a funeral and they were not willing to make the accommodations again it is all about the money and never about the customers here.  Avoid this place, they are not able good food, only about making money any way possible.
5	If you haven't been to Maggiano's, you aren't living right. Go with a group and order Family Style (on the back of the menu). It's bottomless, so you keep eating and they bring more. It's delicious and you won't regret it. I think it is a really good Italian place.
5	Was here tonight for a friend's birthday. We were 9 people. The food is always great, which makes it enjoyable every time but I was so impressed with the service we received. Marcus, the manager, made sure we were taken care of. Awesome job guys!
5	Very large portions and excellent food and service. Easy to take leftovers home that taste great the next day.
5	Best Italian food in the valley!
4	It's been around so long that I rarely go anymore.  However, when I do go, I'm reminded at how good it is.  Italian is a food I often do not dine out on since I'm fairly decent Italian cook myself.  But, I can't deny the delicious food, and value of eating a portion in the restaurant and getting a portion to take home.  Since each portion is good for at least 2 meals, that's 4 meals for the price of 1!
5	We have dropped in to Maggiano's approx. 10 times in the past 2 years & we have been pleased every time. On 2 occasions we went with a large group including small children. They sat us upstairs so the kids would not on the nerves of any of the downstairs patrons & we all appreciated that. The service has always been above average & I am totally addicted to the lobster carbonara.  Very generous portions on all menu items. The soups are also outstanding. I highly recommend if you want to drop in for a quick lunch or a more formal evening dinner.
2	Aw, man! We had such high hopes for this place. Came in to celebrate a special night- seated promptly, received menus and water... and then it was all DOWNHILL from there. The food was decent, but the service was basically non-existent. We ordered a bottle of wine and the waiter placed it on the table (no bucket, no ice)- 20 minutes went by and he finally brought bread (oh, and ice- too late for our room temperature Riesling!) Food came out "warm", not hot. And then we waited another 20 minutes after we finished for boxes and our bill. We won't be back because of the service- or lack thereof.
4	Great place for yummy comfort Italian food. Did family style with a large group and the portions were bottomless!Appetizers: spinach-artichoke dip was my favorite, Italian salad and bruschetta were goodEntrees: baked ziti and chicken Parmesan were my faves, four-cheese ravioli was also good, not too keen on the potato gnocchi though.Dessert: tiramisu was pretty good, and the spumoni ice cream was tasty!Had very attentive service. Enjoyed the meal overall!
1	We came here for a private party and tried to order a Rye Manhattan and the idiot server said " like rye bread? " forget this place, including the dishwater pasta.
3	What a spectacular place. Ambiance was perfect, food was more than delicious and our server (Courtney from Chicago/Dallas) had absolute impeccable service. As a chef, I tend to be tough when it comes to dining out, but this place exceeded my expectations in every way. The only horrible and downright disappointing aspect of the whole night was when it came to singing Happy Birthday to my Wife. One of the patrons we were dining with saw the manager by the name of Marcus at this particular location walking by and said to him "Hey, help us to sing Happy Birthday", with a very brash and unfriendly tone, Marcus replied "I don't have time to do that right now" and walked away. I totally understand the rigor and rush of working in a restaurant, but there is a way that you should speak to customers. I don't think 30 seconds out of his time to sing Happy Birthday would have been detrimental. Needless to say the shock value of that, especially coming from a manager killed the entire rest of the night. The great food will have me returning again in the future....Hopefully Manager Marcus will have a better attitude when dealing with paying patrons.
2	Maggianos in multiple cities has long been a family favorite. I just couldn't understand the negative reviews here....until we went to this location last night. My how far it's fallen. We watched every table around us have some significant issues: one table got their main course but never received their salads. They had to tell their waiter, he never noticed. Another table had to send one person's meal back, and it took so long to get the replacement they just said forget it, everyone else was long finished and they had kids in the party. Our service was ok, but my son's cheese raviolis were cold.....ice cold. And the marinara tasted like tomato sauce out of a can. We've been to Maggiano's so many times in 15 years that I'm quite sure either something is done differently at this location, or corporate has changed the food. My Rigatoni D was ok but not the great taste from previous....bland. It took the waiter so long to check on us that my son just ate his dinner, he was hungry and we'd started late. I can't believe I'm saying this, but not going back. May re try one in Chevy Chase, Denver, or Chicago to determine if Scottsdale is just an anomaly. Note the place was packed. Even at 830, long lines. You can do better for basic Italian classics.
5	My absolute favorite Italian place, all of the food is amazing.  They do a family style meal too that is all you can eat if you are with people who like the same foods.  They are copying Olive garden and doing the "buy one, take one" with their pastas when you dine in so you get two for the price of one!   Seems to always be busy so make a reservation!
1	My nephew the budding chef invited us for his birthday dinner. He had made reservations 3 days in advance. The party was a large party of about 20 people. I've been to enough restaurants to know that a party this size is usually tag teamed by 2 or more of the wait staff. And that appeared to be what was happening when we first sat down. Then there was some confusion, and they asked for our orders again. Then one of the waitresses never appeared again. My husband received his cola and some of the folks at the other end of the table received their drinks, but our drinks didn't come for quite some time. Our water was empty, still no drinks, and they hadn't taken our dinner order yet. Waiting, waiting, waiting. Finally our drinks come, and then she disappears and more waiting, and then she takes our orders. While we did have poor service, I don't believe it was solely the waitress' fault. There seemed to be kitchen issues as well. Our dishes came out one or two at a time. It was really odd.  Eventually, out came ONE (of 3) order of calamari. You would think everything else was on it's way, no, more waiting. Finally, another couple of plates came out, people were trying to figure out if they should be polite and wait, or eat because by then it was past 10pm. It went on like this for another 3 hours....yes 3...we were the only table left in the restaurant and we hadn't been served completely. Finally the poor waitress is trying to close people out on the tab, while still trying to serve people. I asked her if there wasn't anyone that could help her as she couldn't very well be expected to be in two places. She said there really wasn't and that was what happened. People were still trying to pay, one couple and ourselves still didn't have part of our meal or our dessert. There were two gentlemen that appeared to be waitstaff. I asked one of them if someone could possibly help our by now frazzled waitress. He said there wasn't. I gave him an incredulous look and said, "can't you see she can't possibly do this by herself and needs help". He begrudgingly agreed to help by getting the remaining portions of our meals, sat them down with a plunk and a look that said he was not happy about helping. The 1 star is for operational process and service. The food was really quite good, but I was in so much pain from sitting for so long that I couldn't enjoy it. I don't think I have ever seen a restaurant where one person was left on their own with a huge party, and other staff just walking around watching them.
2	I would MAYBE come here for happy hour and appetizers but we didn't enjoy our dinner at all. I ordered the chicken piccata and it came literally drowned in butter. I know it's a lemon butter sauce but it was ALL butter and very little lemon - and zero flavor. The broccolini was also drowned in butter. My husband ordered the veal porterhouse and guess what? It was drowned in butter. He said it was also flavorless. The other couple with were with ordered the baked ziti (HUGE!) and chicken Alfredo (HUGE!) and they weren't enamored either. The food was absolutely terrible, bland and heavy. Maybe their plain red sauces are where it's at, I don't know. The bruschetta was really good and the service was excellent as well - judging from the other reviews maybe we got lucky with a good waitress. Oh, and the valet situation - what a nightmare! Cars parked everywhere, stupid valet kid left someone door open while he ran around so no one could pass...cars totally bottle necked and stuck - it took us 15 minutes to get through and find parking!Total chaos.
1	Oh man.  I would never give a one star unless it was necessary.  Went on lunch tried to find my favorite place Flo's and found that it was gone so we saw this nice pretty place that appeared to be upscale and ready to serve something good.Big disappointment.  Sat in the bar area so I will only judge this area.  Not crowded after all it was just after lunch time but everyone seemed to act in a rush.  Waiter was sweating, dirty fingernails(like fungus under nails)  plates were dirty appeared to be ignored because they sit out overnight and no one changes them.  Utensils disfigured.  Lunch (i ordered peppercorn steak) was not the way it should have been cooked I could do better at home.  Potatoes tasted like they were from fridge to microwave.  My daughters pasta was dried out and the stuffed chicken was not moist.  I got sick when I got home and don't know what item did it.  for 80bucks I expected a little better than that.  Maybe they do better at their the italian food but if you put an item on the menu do it right.  I felt rushed the whole time.  Felt like everyone was trying to abandon ship and we got the last food out the fridge.oh well live and learn.
3	Decent food, sub-par service. Our server was obnoxious,  we ordered a la carte and the serving sizes were quite small. I would not return, although family style is nice the price was rediculous for the quality of the food. Good ambiance, nice location.
5	My favorite place. I love the 3 cheese ravioli. Sometimes they can find you a bottle of Sparkling cider too.
1	Long time FanToo bad we have been huge fans of Maggiano's since we lived in Southern California and went to the one in Costa Mesa.  We looked up their closing time before driving all the way to Scottsdale from Chandler only to be shocked when we arrived at 10:09pm that they closed at 10pm and they would not seat us.  Ok, I guess it is google's fault because Yelp has the correct closing time, but the manager should have intervened and made an exception.  To his credit he did offer to give us a gift card and seemed very apologetic and didn't know how to resolve this... Maybe this little star will help motivate him and the rest of the restaurant to fix this.
1	Horrible service but great food. If you want to eat on time and get served by a happy waitstaff then DONT eat here. But if youre willing to spend $40 on a cold steak and have a rude waitress, this place is perfect for you. Even after we complained to the manager, we only got our desserts compd but not a single apology.
2	Great food,HORRIBLE service...Never going there again,so many other places to eat that have fantastic service!!! Needless to say the horrible,unfriendly waiter didn't receive a TIP!!!!! Management really needs to take a look at their help before they lose all their customers!!!
1	Used to be good but not any more. We have been going to Manggiano's for years and had not been for a while. It started bad and ended bad. We were told our table would be a 30 minute wait so we went to the bar and ordered drinks and an appetizer. Ten minutes later they called us for our table after we just ordered drinks and appetizers. I noticed that the prices had gone up at least 10 percent. We ordered the mussels for an appetizer and they came in a watery broth. They were small overcooked and lacked the nice chunk tomatoes and basil that used to be there. The fettuccine Alfredo was a glob of cold pasta and artificial tasting chicken. The waiter took it back but the replacement was not much better. The eggplant Parmesan had mostly breadcrumbs and not much else. Water glasses were not filled, appetizer dishes not cleared and we got our entries before we had finished our appetizer. We had to ask to have the appetizer dishes cleared. Some of their pasta dishes offer a free take home of another dish. They forgot to give it to us. Thanks to the manager who reduced our bill 50%. A nice gesture for sure but they need to get an organized and trained waitstaff. We noticed other tables having logistical errors with their orders also. Food quality and preparation have gone way down and a disappointing dinner was had by all.
3	Ordered the sirloin steak and it was over cooked big time.  The server was awesome and had the kitchen try again.  On the second attempt it was a little less done but still over medium when ordered medium rare.  I don't suggest ordering any steaks when this place is very busy.  Stick with pasta and seafood.  The service really saved the experience.
5	We went to Maggiano's for a family celebration and were pleased with the quality of food and service. We got the buy one entree and take another home deal, that includes appetizer and dessert of your choice. It was great value for $$. The place is spacious and ambiance is wholesome, if that makes sense.
4	Arrived on a Saturday night and sat at the bar to which I was pleasantly greeted by one of the cutest bartenders I've seen in a while. Yes, scenery matters :) Anyway, ordered the Moscato Mojito and was thrilled. Very sweet and good! For dinner I ordered a side Caesar and the Linguini mare..... The caesar never came but I'm not going to fault the bartender for that. When sitting at the bar, do Not sit at the end by the hostess stand... All the obnoxious Scottsdale people approach there and for some reason feel the need to Scream out their reservation time... Really annoying which leads me to believe the bartender never heard me when I ordered the salad. The linguini was great! I will definitely be going back soon!
2	If you like your food frozen then microwaved you will love this place. I was shocked by the food. So bland. What TF?  The Caesar salad was wilted and bland. The chicken parmesaen was pre made -frozen, square cutlet topped in horrible marinara sauce. We also split the linguini in white clam sauce. Again bland as can possibly be made , no flavor at all.....(unless you are feeding ulcer patients.) I cannot recommend this place at all
5	Loved it.  When on a late Saturday afternoon for lunch.   Very attentive service and food was delicious with HUGE portions.  Clean, nice atmosphere.   I will definitely go back again.
3	Place is not what I expected. Yes it's huge and nice inside but the food wasn't so good and the customer service was terrible. If I was I'm scottsdale I wouldn't consider this place at all. I love Italian food but this is a disappointment.
4	I'm not usually a fan of chain Italian food.  The food is fair to above average for an Italian restaurant.  I had the Rigatoni D and asked for modifications due to food allergies.  The chef came out and not only modified the dish, but came out with it to see how I liked it.  His name was Michael and it was terrific.Also, they have mini desserts, which is a great idea.  You can order one individually or five different ones at a time (which we did).  The teramisu is really good.In addition on that day they had a buy one get one free, so we walked out with an extra meal to go home.Overall, I was impressed.  You wouldn't expect that type of individual service from an Italian chain.
3	I was torn whether to give this a three- or four-star review.   I liked the food, I really did, but the ambiance made me uptight and the server tried to up sell us on everything we ordered, which I didn't really appreciate.     I suppose that is his job, after all:   make more money for the restaurant, and, in turn, more in tips for himself.   Starting with the ambiance, the servers are always rushing around so much it made my stomach knot.   I mean, I know it was packed, and there is an upstairs, which I can't imagine running up and down with an armload of food -- Can one imagine if the server tripped??!!) -- but can they not act so rushed??   I started with a nice glass of the cab, the most expensive on the menu, of course.    Then on to the calamari appetizer.    I don't like marinara or any kind of tomato sauce so I asked for another suggestion.   What was brought, along with the marinara sauce, was good.   I didn't care for the marinara (or whatever it was) at all and neither did my companion.   The calamari was good, however.     It wasn't over-fried.   Fried just enough to make sure it was not raw.    My companion had the linguini with clams in a white sauce and I had the Rustic Chicken & Shrimp pasta.    Both dishes were flavored just the way we like them.   Plenty of clams and chicken and shrimp in both  dishes.    Definitely a yummm for the main courses.   We had started with their warmed bread, which we dipped in the olive oil.    That was another yummm!    I don't normally like bread except if it's a good sour dough bread warmed dipped in olive oil and balsamic vinegar.   There was no balsamic vinegar, but we did add the black pepper.   UGHHHH!!   The container needed to be cleaned.    It was definitely dirty.    I wanted to sanitize my hand after picking it up.   Would we go back?   Probably.    I mean, the food is good.   The rest of it, well, you see my review.
5	Awesome place the food was top notch, the service perfect! Atmosphere was upscale but casual if that makes sense.We had the chef special, baked ziti , and mushroom ravioli... Chain restaurants and us don't usually sit well however I would recomend this place to anyone!
5	I've been to this location many times and Maggianos was a restaurant I frequented in my college days in Chicago. It's been consistently excellent over the years. Everything from the bread to my favorite classic chicken parm to the delicious profiteroles, is outstanding. I mixed it up today and went with the piccata and I was very pleased. I've never had any issue with service and I've sat in the bar frequently as well as the dining room. The bar area is nice and open with sports on the TV's and Sinatra playing overhead. Maggianos is always a great spot for some Italian comfort food, lunch or dinner! If you're in a group, the family style dining is a great option and totally worth it.. Huge portions and they keep coming! It is a chain, but it's a good one that has been on my list of regular spots for over a decade.
4	Great lunch time with my buddy Michael , he had the Rustic and shrimp al forno,  delicious creamy on the bottom and crispy on the top , he had a Mint Mojito  and finally an apple crostata. I at the other hand had  Rigatoni"D supposed to be a top of the line and very famous,  it was a nice presentation,  fresh ingredients and very creamy, the chicken was tender, I had a glass of Prosecco "Rufino", I asked the 2 bartenders Arnold who works there for over 3 and half years , What can you tell me about this Prosecco?  He stopped and slowly mention it was good Italian sparkling wine good for apetizers and sweet then he turned around and left mmm. But I wanted to know more so I asked the other bartender Erick so he mentioned the same stuff Arnold but he didn't turn around to leave he saud Is there anything else I should know. I immediately answer yes , so I showed him on the bottle where the wine was from, what winery , who bought it , the type of grape and the process of making.  I have been in many up scale restaurant and I still have not got a clear and informative answer.  My guess is bartenders should know more about wine as well. There an urgency of mire wine education in Arizona. But I'm here to change that.
5	Very good food very nice atmosphere it's a wonderful place to go. I've never had a bad meal there.
1	This review is for carryout which used to be decent when you could order online. Now you have to call it in and accuracy was atrocious. I got a box of lemon cookies for all the mistakes instead of getting items comp'd.  I am not one to complain but thought I'd let others know not to waste your money. In addition, food was sub-par and mediocre at best. I would definitely not recommend this and would consider it above Olive Garden in quality.
3	I am usually a fan but the service was very slow at this location.  The server was so rushed that I didn't order the salad that I wanted to add to my order, as well as order another drink.  The manager (I'm only assuming b/c of the shirt and tie) helped box my meal and bring a dessert menu but it still took 5-10 minutes to be able to order dessert and get my check.  The food was great but I'm looking for the whole package...call me picky!
5	the service and food was wonderful. Our server was very attentive.
5	Tasty Italian comfort food.The prices are good, service is good, the menu has a large variety of foods and generous portions... you just can't go wrong with Maggiano's. If you're hungry and craving Italian food, this is a safe bet. The ingredients are good quality and fresh, and you always know what to expect. The atmosphere is nice... the red checker table cloths add a nice touch, and the music they play adds to the ambiance. I was sad when they took my favorite dish off (mushroom ravioli with braised veal, marsala cream sauce, and sundried tomatoes), but it wasn't too difficult to find other dishes I like. I particularly love their caesar salad. I eat a lot of caesar salad, and theirs is one of my favorites. I usually get it as an appetizer. One of my favorite restaurants, highly recommended.
5	Best lunch deals and quality #authentic #Italian food! And they give a complimentary dish to take home for later. BEST experience EVER!
4	Maggiano's is one of my favorite North Scottsdale restaurants.  I love the Salmon Oscar and all the waiters & waitress are terrific!  Our favorite being Jean,  My concern is not so much the food as it the wait...  We go about twice a month and have noticed now that the winter visitors are back in town even with reservation we were told it would be another 30 minute wait after our reservation time...Thank goodness a nice manager from Denver just happen to be there and immediately got us a table after the hostess had told several other customers with reservations the same thing!  I explain to the manager that we come in the summer when we are always able to get right in but to "BUMP" us for 30 minutes past are reservation time in busy winter months just does not make good business since.  I also felt sorry for another couple who told us they were told 30 minute wait then after 30 minutes were told another 30 minutes.  Please don't bump your local year round clients for the drop ins from out of town...My suggestion would be to either hire more staff & open upper level, or  keep your customers that do make reservation to a 10 minute delay at the most...even if some tables are empty for 10 minutes.  You will want us in July...keep us happy now!YOU HAVE  GREAT FOOD,  I just know we meet several customers who were just as upset as us about making reservations and being told we still had to wait another 30 minutes...  Shout out to the manager from Denver who was there to resolve issue!
4	I've been here more than a dozen times, so I thought it is about time I write review.Food: once in a while, I do get food that overly spiced (salty) like today's butternut squash ravioli.  But most of the time, all the food I ordered so far has been meeting my expectation.What I like this the best about this place is bite size desert. It is just a right portion size of desert after the big meal. I normally order a cup of coffee. They serve lavazza coffee.  Gotta have Italian coffee at Italian restaurant!I like the decor of inside and outside of this restaurant. Also they set up tables and chairs spread enough that you don't feel tight being there.Service is good, not excellent but never really had any issues here.
5	We chose Maggionos to celebrate our anniversary and we were not disappointed.  We got a printed Tha nk you for choosing M's! Tsylor was our astute server telling everything we should know about the offerings of our choice. The salmon oscae wasrrally fab. I had a drink in a copper mug made with ginger beer. The spaghetti was also very good. Stephanie was a wonderful hostess. I'm glad there is you. Thank you so much!!!
4	Been here many times. They have lunch special on pasta buy one and take one with you. Food is average to good. I will definitely good there again.
3	Portions are very generous..HOWEVER...the Maggiano's chef should go visit Cheesecake Factory and learn how to make CHICKEN PICCATA...Maggiano's chicken piccata doesn't compare to Cheesecake factory's (not even a close second)Lunch was priced high  imo
5	Came here for the first time today for lunch with my parents and I was very pleased. It was a little busy when we got there, but we were still seated right away and given bread to snack on while we decided what to order.We ordered a caesar salad for the table, and it was very good. I ended up getting the four-cheese ravioli since I love pesto-alfredo sauce, but I was a bit surprised that it came with a strip of marinara sauce down the center. It was a bit sweet for my tastes (and I'm not a huge fan of marinara), but everything else was absolutely delicious. Even got some fettuccine alfredo to take home as part of the meal!We got the apple crostata for dessert, which was also very good. Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful, so her alone honestly made me want to go back! I highly recommend this place!
4	We took our daughter to Maggiano's for her birthday dinner. It was confusing to find and we never did find the front door:) we started with the brushetta which was nice. The fresh warm rolls were delish. I ordered the cheese ravioli fritte and it was very good. My husbands pasta carbonara with lobster tasted so/so. It was pretty busy and we had a late dinner. I had the chocolate cake for dessert and it was a huge serving and very good. Overall it was an enjoyable experience.
4	Maggiano's can sometimes feel like an endless party. I remember working in the Sears Tower when we first heard that Chili's (Brinker Intl') had bought the rights to the concept. In short, we were all bummed and felt they would goof it up. Well so much for our misgiving's, they sold off Macaroni Grill and made a decent attempt at allowing a little bit of Chicago's Italian scene to come alive for the rest of the country. Now don't get me wrong, this restaurant isn't perfect, as they were this past Friday evening. Yes, the Hostess station still seems confused as Laura M noted in her review last year. But where can you get a good meal for two, including appetizers, drinks and dessert, along with two especially prepared take home entrees for $55?  Really!So we started with a glass of Merlot ($8.00), Soup ($3.95)and a Sausage appetizer ($8.50 which was a meal in itself, see photos).  For out entrees, we had their Classic Pasta for $12.95 and Mama's Lasagna $14.95.  Both were very good, though the entrees came first and our server's boss was indifferent at best while being distracted with a larger party.  Our server Hannah was outstanding, but so much for our easy going, pre-Christmas romantic meal.For dessert, we shared two of their petite samplers for $3.50 each and coffee.  Their Apple Cobbler and dark chocolate Truffle balls were delicious and worth the trip.  We highly recommend them.  The regular sized dessert are good, but way over the top in size.The bill came to $66.16, less a $10.00 off coupon from their email list.  So if we stopped here, it would be a fair $55.37 and not a bad deal, right?  But Maggiano's was still offering their buy two, take two home special. Nice! So we had enough for a second dinner sometime this week.  All and all, a delicious option. Enjoy!
5	My family dined here for a birthday celebration - it was superb! The restaurant ambiance is elegant and upscale. The service is phenomenal and the food was delicious! The price wasn't bad but it wasn't cheap. I will be back!A solid 5 stars!
2	Honestly, the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars was because the cheesecake was heavenly. Everything else was a disaster; and this place deserves 1 star.To start off... we had a reservation for 7:30. The reservation was for 20 people. (Yes I know serving 20 people can be very difficult, but it can be done... Apparently this is not something that can be done at Maggiano's.) When we arrived the hostesses needed an EXACT number of people who would be dining. That would be 20; hence the reservation for 20 people... This was about 10 minutes of pointless back and forth with the hostess and how many freaking chairs needed to be at the table. 20! SHEESH! The next run around we got was that we were not allowed to be seated until all of the guests had arrived. After some of our guests arrived a few minutes later we were still all standing in the lobby. We were told our table would now be ready in 15 minutes. After 20 minutes of clogging up the front door and part of the bar area we walked up to the hostess and asked what the status was. Once again our table would be ready in 15 minutes. Another 20 minutes painfully ticked by. Oh did I mention we had a 3 month old and a toddler in the group? Anyone with a baby/toddler knows how great it can be waiting 45 minutes for a table. NOT! 50 minutes after our reservation had passed we were called up to be seated. Not one of the 3 hostesses apologized or even batted an eye that we had been standing there for 50 minutes?!?! ARE YOU FOR REAL!?Once we were seated we were understandably STARVING. Two waiters appeared to take our drink order. The young lady who helped was pleasant and very hospitable, but the gentleman who served us was rude! RUDE! RUDE! RUDE! Like we did something wrong spending our money at this establishment.  We asked him if the toddler who was with us could get his water ASAP, as the long wait had been hard on him. He looked at us like we were from another planet. Not only did he not apologize for the wait he huffed and puffed and started stammering "YOU HAVE TO BEAR WITH US". WE HAVE BEEN BEARING WITH YOU FOR AN HOUR!!!!!!!!!!!!! The rudeness continued throughout the entire meal. After all of this, the food was mediocre. Nothing special. Bland.  We were never apologized to from any of the staff nor were we even offered a fee appetizer or drink for the wait. If I ever return to this restaurant I can assure you it will be by force and not by choice. I can find good cheesecake at a lot of other restaurants that will be happy to take my money.
5	Tonight was amazing! We drove here from Mesa because I wanted a fun, festive atmosphere for dinner on Christmas Eve .  It was PACKED! We waited over an hour past our reservation time, but we found a spot in the bar and ordered appetizers and drinks. the mozzarella squares were delicious!!!! The calamari was good along with the bruschetta. The entrees were good, I didn't love the presentation of the lobster dish, especially for the price. I wouldn't order that again. We even got a few pasta dishes to take home for a lazy lunch tomorrow.  Extremely impressed with the service and quality of food considering how SLAMMED the place was! True sign of a well run restaurant is how they handle stress and volume. Gabriel was our waiter and he was extremely pleasant and very professional. Thank you Maggianos for making our Christmas Eve so festive and perfect! Now, hopefully you all can go home and enjoy your holiday.
3	The fourth time I have been there for family gatherings and have been there for lunch and dinner. Food is good, as it is a chain restaurant.  Service is good. Above average food for a chain.
3	Pretty standard for a chain Italian restaurant. Would give it higher rating but the Host was not very nice.
2	The wait staff couldn't seen to get anything right tonight.  Everything was slow. Our entrees appeared before our salads and they tried to convince us that this was normal. When the entrees returned at the correct time, they'd suffered from sitting under heat lamps. Drinks remained unfilled even when refills were requested. Dirty dishes sat in front of us long after we finished eating.... When I visited the restrooms, all the waste cans were overflowing and there was trash all over the floors.  It as no surprise then when they failed to bring our daughter her birthday dessert. We reminded them, but unlike the chocolate desserts that were served to the other birthday tables around us, our daughter was disappointed to receive lemon cookies. We won't be back.
5	We went to this location with my Husband and his family to celebrate his birthday. It took us 10 minutes to find a parking spot, the place was completely packed. We were a party of 10 people and we waited about 15 minutes for our large party to be seated. It was 100% worth the wait. The server was very patient with all of our questions. My particularly picky mother-in-law even sent her wine back and he still was kind and understanding. I had the JLohr cab it was delicious. I choose to have classic Italian ravioli. It came with this amazing pesto sauce drizzled on top of the cheesy filled ravioli. The server even offered a free portion to take home. At the end my mother in law asked the server to remind her of a dish to order the next time she dines there... And do you know what he did he put it in her notes. Great place for a family get together. Fabulous service. It made my husbands birthday. Thanks. We Can't wait to go again soon.
3	We dined at Maggiano's last night. And the only reason I can give it three stars is because my two friends that I was dining with stated that their meals were okay. I had the balsamic glazed salmon which was very overcooked and probably the smallest portion I have Everseen, And the balsamic sauce was very heavy, however the asparagus it came with was good. One of my friends had their spaghetti with meat sauce and he said it was good. My other friend had the salmon Oscar, And said the sauce that it comes then was very good however the salmon was again overcooked and a very small piece. To top it off our meal took almost an hour to come to the table. Our waiter John did his best to be attentive. And the atmosphere was good, and staff seem to be trying hard. However I do not believe I will ever be eating here again.
