1	Dr Stewart has no bedside manners.  I informed the office to pls not mention the word surgery around my daughter, because my daughter freaks out big time due to all the surgeries that she has had, and the idiot kept mentioning surgery.  Of course, my daughter starts to get scared and freaks out and then the dr just looks at her like she is crazy.   Has no sympathy or compassion...will not go see him ever again
4	I started out ready to hate this place because of all the issues I was having getting my daughter's insurance verified. However, the office is clean, the staff is very helpful and courteous and we didn't wait for more than five minutes past our appointment time. The care she received was thorough and I didn't feel as if we were being rushed in and out. I took off one star because of the issue of insurance verification with someone who was less than efficient but otherwise, you can do A LOT worse.
1	Very very rude and unhelpful staff. They were asking me for a referral when my insurance does not need one. I called my insurance and had the receptionist (yesenia was her name) to talk to them so they can inform them abt my benefits and after theor convo she told me she was not sure if she was really talking to someone from my insurance (like i was lying to them abt it). The other staff said that they could not verify using the providers line it was closed. I said they should try the number in the back of my card then she said no its ok ill call again. Then after a few mins ofcors my insurance did tell them that i did not need a referral. Suddenly the providers line is open! Were they just lazy to not call them in the first plCe so we didnt have to go thru all this trouble. And while this was happening they were all giving us an attitude. When we were very respectful to the way we spoke to them. I am very upset i liked our dr but bec of the experience we had there we will never go back. We ended up not seeing dr camp bec i couldnt stay another second there. I hope the drs see my review so they can train their staff to have manners.
5	We've been going to Dr. Camp since my baby was born with a club foot. I've never had any problems dealing with his office and the work he has done on my baby is great.  After almost 18 months of treatment, you can't even tell that my baby was born with a club foot. We were referred to Dr. Camp from a friend of ours who also had a great experience with him. I try to be fair when writing these reviews and include any negative information I may have from my experience, but I can't think of anything bad to say about Dr. Camp.
4	Dr. Nielson operated on my son's knee, and I liked him very much. He put us at ease both before and the day of the outpatient surgery. My only complaint isn't related to the doctor. When I took my son for follow-up visits, I never had a co-pay because the front desk said I had a credit balance. Now that we don't need to go back for follow up visits I called to find out if I still had a credit balance, and lo and behold I do-- several hundred dollar's worth. What they charged me for my out-of-pocket portion for the surgery was higher than what the surgery actually was, which is no big deal. What is a big deal is that I have to wait several months before they'll cut me a check for what I overpaid last year. Not real happy about that.
3	Very rude and unprofessional scheduling department for both locations. They canceled 3 appointments due to their inability for not knowing which doctor was covered by my insurance. Finally, one months later made appointment with right one. Hopefully doctor is better then the scheduling people.Will update my review after I see the doctor Doctor was nice, took his time and explained everything very well
1	The front staff seemed disorganized and when giving me paperwork they handed me a copy of someone's insurance and ID. Now I know accidents happen to all of us but in the medical field you really have to be careful about protecting patient's privacy. Then there's Dr. Stewart. He appeared flat and uninterested while examining my child, and very dismissive to my concerns. Then after walking out I heard him complain to his nurse, asking who had referred my child because he doesn't want just anyone to be able to come to his clinic. I guess my daughter's condition doesn't bring in enough money.
5	We received excellent care by Dr. Camp and the P.a. Burt. They are personable,  knowledgeable and put my daughter at ease.  The front office staff was also very kind and efficient.  The office is clean and conveniently located off of the 215.
1	Dr. Camp is unprofessional, money-hungry and does not care about patients or their conditions.
