3	This place opened on Monday so not even a week old. I'm all for a new place to eat in surprise and this little gem is nestled behind Buffalo Wild Wings. The ambiance is open and very well ventilated which is nice. The service was great and the food came out pretty quick. We first ordered their most expensive sushi which was the tuna tataki roll and it was delicious!! Just wish it was bigger for 15 dollars. I ordered the hibachi shrimp ( came with a salad and miso soup, both were excellent) which was very tasty but for 25 dollars I expected more veggies and rice. The flavor was on point though.My husband ordered the seafood yakisoba which came with shrimp, scallops, and muscles. He thought it was the best yakisoba he has had since Japan. It was all cooked perfectly but I would have preferred some more seasoning or sauce. All in all we will be back! I know since they are a new business they have a few kinks to work out. EVERYONE THEY ARE WORTH A TRY. Check them out.
4	Just opened so have some growing pains, but at the end of the day it is about the sushi and quality of fish and they do it well.  We've been twice and not had a bad bite.  Once the snowbirds come to town..they will be packed.  Worth giving a try,and they have 10% coupons in most west side papers.
5	(*-*)
5	This is definitely the best sushi restaurant in Surprise! The chefs and wait staff are the bomb! The manager will rock your world! Music is #good vibes
5	The chefs were very nice.  Our waiter was friendly & knowledgeable.  I would have liked our area bussed more but that would have been my biggest complaint.  All in all no biggie.  That Red Bull roll should be tested for illegal substances bc that is addictive!Thank you for the great local sushi joint with service to match.My husband approved of the short skirts on the waitresses.  We didn't drink but I can imagine hanging out in their bar area with friends.P.S. I feel the prices were reasonable as well.
5	They just opened a week go in surprise, me and my friend went and tried habachi combo and some rolls. Everythings fresh and yum. High recommend for this place.
5	What a great secret in Suprise. The service was excellent. We had 5 different dishes. The garlic edamame was incredible flavorful and delicious. The teriyaki chicken was delicious and the vegetables that came with meal was perfectly cooked. The octopus salad was fresh and very good. The sushi was also very fresh and tasteful. The hamachi Kama was plentiful and perfect. The staff very friendly do not let lack of people in restaurant disused they have only been opened 2 weeks. We will definitely be back
5	Went back again and found the food and service fabulous. The sushi was extremely fresh and appealing. The salad was delicious as was every teriyaki dish we tried. I highly recommend this new restaurant
5	[DATE VISITED]: Wednesday October 22nd, 2014 for Dinner[THE INTERIOR]: The place is very spacious, and I like how the tables aren't so close to each other. Looks like a good place to bring large groups of people. They have a large sushi bar with lots of chairs as well. My friend and I were seated promptly in their dining area.  [THE FOOD]: My friend and I had a sashimi combo A, baked lobster roll and grilled teriyaki chicken. The sashimi is the freshest I've had in any sushi place in Phoenix. Props to the sushi chefs! Overall the quality of the food was pretty good, and the prices I'd say were fair and reasonable for what we got.   [THE SERVICE]: It looks like they just recently opened, but service was still pretty good. I never felt like I was unattended. The owners and chefs are super friendly.  [OVERALL EXPERIENCE]: Definitely a place I will comeback to try some of their other selections. I'd recommend coming here, and giving them a try. The sushi chefs, and manager/owners seemed to really care for the customers that were there, and I really enjoyed seeing that.
5	This place is awesome. We came in a had fantastic server, who was beyond thoughtful, knowledgable and not pushy. Nice open concept and well lit. The extensive menu selection fit the restaurant and sushi bar looked amazing. The sushi itself was fantastic and fresh. The rolls were generous portions and well put together. My wife and I really enjoyed our food!!! Great touch on the cooking. Some places try to overpower you with flavor, Uni sets itself apart by letting the food do the talking and gives a measured touch flavor to enhance. We will be back and recommend it to anyone who wants to have a great experience!!!!!
3	Dad got hibachi calamari, which was perfectly cooked! Me and the stepmom got two rolls, house salad, miso soup and some veggie tempura for the whole table. Let's just say, we're stuffed! Not the best soft crab roll, it was just ok, I've had better. Everything else was awesome!!! Best veggie tempura I've ever had! Had to ask for saucers for soy sauce, and the music is crazy (I heard a song about f***ing my a$$) for real... It's a little much, and that's why only 3 stars.  But overall good food and service.
5	Great food, excellent service. A hidden gem in Surprise! The quality is better then any of the others in the area.
5	This is the best sushi in the West Valley. I highly recommend!! My daughter lives in San Francisco so I'm used to really good sushi. This is the BEST I've had in Arizona!! They're new, give them a try....we want to keep good businesses in Surprise!!
4	I'm a huge sushi eater... and I've eaten at many sushi restaurants in my life.I've been here 3 times so far. It's a newer sushi restaurant, so it's not busy yet. But the food is pretty good.. both rolls and entrees. Service is decent. Owner is really friendly. The price is a little higher than what I'm used to paying for similar quality, but it's still worth it.It's the best in Surprise, AZ area! I definitely recommend this place.
5	This place is fantastic. We had the Red Bull roll, highly recommended. The staff was great, our server was very attentive, and the chef is really good. All in all, a great experience. I'm glad that we now have a truly stellar sushi place in Surprise.
4	Moving  from Los Angeles to Surprise... We hoped there would be a good Japanese  and or Korean place to go to. Well we found Uni last night and it was a really solid find. Quality fish, tempura was light, fresh and overall whole experience was really good. Something we didnt expect....  A Korean side of the menu that we for sure will dive into on our next visit.    Mike was great and so were the servers.  Bonus here is a full bar and TVs so I can watch Hockey... whats not to like!
2	I wasn't impressed with this place. Going to a sushi joint, you always have to be prepared to pay through the nose but here the price simply wasn't worth it. Two and a half people, lunch, $65.10 - and that wasn't including the tip. The food wasn't all that great (RA Sushi in Old Town or Tokyo Lobby in Glendale are far better), but the prices here are just nuts. $12 for a rainbow roll - really? (Tokyo Lobby have them for $10). Even the nigiris are a half buck or more over what they should be charging. $5 for two small pieces of fish and let's face it, 80% of the damn thing is plain boiled rice. They even nickel and dimed us an extra dollar just because we switched one roll to soy paper from seaweed. And a tiny cup of green tea was $2.75.Definitely not coming back, I'm afraid. I'd rather make the trip to Tokyo Lobby (which IS the best sushi in the West Valley IMO) where the food tastes better and the prices are more reasonable. I guarantee Uni won't survive in Surprise, not with prices like this and especially not in the cattycorner location they moved into, site of at least four or five other local restaurant failures.
2	I wanted to like Uni's.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant is clean.  The original order from the Sushi selection form was lost so we were asked to complete another one.   A number of items were ordered for the four of us and the food was fair.  The order was mixed up though and food we didn't order was presented to us and other items we did order never showed up.  One meal in particular (a sushi/sashimi combo) took an hour to arrive.  The Manager was apologetic and removed that meal from the bill.  I'll give them one more try and I hope they get their act together
5	Service was great. The chicken teriyaki is a must have. They marinate it in some kind of sauce, and it was delicious!Definitely coming back for lunch
5	Had a terrific lunch of sushi.  The lunch special came with soup and salad.  Order the crazy plate that consist of four pieces of each spicy crab, salmon and tuna.  The place is really nicely decorated and clean.  Our waitress was very sweet even gave us these delicious cookies.   Will definitely be back.
5	Reminds me of california sushi bars. By far the best sushi place in surprise. Such a nice environment and the staff are great.
5	Had an assortment of specialty rolls. Very good service and great quality sushi. We will return to sample more of the menu.Owner came over and was very nice. I hope this does well. Great location and large dining area.The entire staff is friendly. Glad we found a good place to have Sushi
5	This is our second visit. Food again was excellent,  service was superb! We will definitely be back and also tell all our friends that they should visit too.Happy hour portions were much more than expected.
