5	In any line of business, there are a ton of companies that are mediocre, a ton of companies that are just "OK", and a handful of companies that are really good.  And then... every once in a great while... you find a company that is truly exceptional - absolutely excellent on every level.Dry Plus Roofing is one of those truly exceptional companies.  It's not often that you fine a company that operates with the level of integrity and honesty that I've encountered at Dry Plus.Rewind 2.5 years: A few months after buying my house, I came home in the rain to find water in my kitchen.  Typically, I'm a DIY person.  Rewire a circuit? No problem.  Install some ducting? Bring it on.  Fixing the roof.... That is one for the pros.  (Or so I thought.)I called 5 highly rated roofing companies to come out and give me a bid.  Dry Plus was the last to arrive, so by the time Kevin (the owner) showed up, I had been given 4 different stories on why my roof leaked, what all needed to be repaired immediately, and had 4 quotes ranging from $700 to $1800.Kevin arrived and, within 5 minutes, pointed out 4 slashes in the roofing material the others had missed, positively identifying them as the issue.  I brought up some of the other companies' theories on what might be the problem, and he explained why all those things were non-issues.  Convinced, I asked what next.  His answer - which won my business forever, was:"Well, I can charge you $400 to come out here and fix this, and do some other maintenance.  Or, if you're handy, I can tell you what you need to buy, and what you need to do, and you can fix this yourself for $30."Sold.  Fast forward to 8/2012.  Monsoon hits and I have water pouring in above a window.  Who do I call? Dry Plus.  It's 2 days before they can come out, though, so I go up on the roof and - using my "training" from Kevin years ago - fix the leak myself.  I have a couple other issues, though, so I don't cancel the appointment.Paul arrives and approves of my fix, and suggests I do the same thing to a few other places on my roof.  As he's wandering around he sees a couple other minor issues, and.... fixes them.  A shingle here, a nail there... done.  No charge.  There's one thing he can't just fix (neither he nor I have the materials), so he tells me what I need to get and what to do.  I show him another spot that is giving me trouble - a separate roof that isn't draining correctly.  He confirms my suspicion that it has the wrong roofing material, is missing critical components (e.g. flashing), really should be re-roofed.  He draws up a quote, and apologizes that it is so expensive - even though it is less than I was anticipating!  Without hesitation, I signed.  They'll be out in a week or two to do the work.  When they come out, I'll update this review to reflect the quality of their work.  I have no doubt that aspect of their company will be just as 5-star as the rest.  Very very very highly recommended.
5	I had a leak that was draining in from the roof through a window so I called Dry Roofing since they are in the neighborhood and have good reviews.  It wasn't an emergency so Paul came over a few days later. He got up on my roof repaired a couple of places he thought could be the source of my problem.  He sprayed water on if for a while and no water came through so I think he did the job!  When I asked him what I owed him he said there was no charge. Where do you get that kind of service these days?I mean most people in the service arena charge for a trip charge on top of their labor and parts. He didn't charge for the caulking, travel or time. I fully expected a hard sell on needing a new roof but that didn't happen. I asked Paul how the roof was holding up and he said I probably had a couple of years left in it.  He even told me that I could take the replacement in portions so as to avoid a major financial hit all at once when the time came.I am so impressed with dry roofing that I will be calling them for the new installation a couple of years down the road. If you want a trustworthy company, I strongly suggest Dry Plus Roofing. They go the extra mile, a rare thing indeed!
5	Dry Plus Roofing came out the day after we called and gave us some options for our roof.  Definitely no pressure and they had a 7 day quote guarantee.  The crew cleaned up our yard, very pleased with the services we received.
4	Dry Plus Roofing just completed a re-roof of one of our houses and I am very pleased with the craftsmanship and thoroughness of the work.  New drip edge, replaced bad wood, new vents and clean-up all done efficiently and in a professional manner.  The foreman, Heath, kept me informed every step of the way.We got off to a good start with the estimate and scheduled the work for three weeks out. For some unknown reason they missed the first date and rescheduled a week out.  Living in the desert and being after monsoon season it was not an issue. I would use Dry Plus Roofing again.
1	Well they did roof work for me two years ago, on Sept 9th I called them because it is now leaking and may be a warranty issue but not sure till they look at. I was told warranty would call in a few days, on Sept 12th I called again, I was told I am on the list to call back next week, On the 15th I emailed the company, well here we are today and I still have not had a call. I will see how long it takes before contacting ROC and the BBB. I also belong to Angies list and will file a complaint with them. I guess since there is a possibility they wont make money on me I dont matter I will keep everyone updated.
