4	Although I have only been here for brunch, I would highly recommend it.  I almost like scene better than the food, which reminds me of when we lived in Brussels.  It is cute and cozy, eclectic and busy.  They serve all different types of brunch items, from eggs benedict to omelettes to crepes to french toast and yogurt with fruit.  The prices are great, and the service is efficient and quick.  Brunch is served until 4pm on weekends.Will definitely be back.
5	Very French and cozy brunch place that serves great omelette. Great patio for summer. Nice crowd. It will make your Sunday morning so much brighter.
4	Service was excellent, large menu, good food and wine. Just a little traditional french joint that is as cute as a button. Nice terrace/patio as well.
5	Although I do still come here often for brunch, I also want to shout out that their dinner menu is great as well.  I would recommend the evening's suggestions.  Love it here.
4	Atmosphere, Service, Food: Check Check and Double Check!Atmosphere: Very small, somewhat cramped, contemporary, and very very cosy!  The place is bustling and alive, and the clientele tends to be the type that have gone through their "growing-up" period and are now in a part of their lives where they enjoy a good meal and even better company.  Very chic & located in the Laurie are of the plateau.Service:  The staff is simply wonderful.  Good people, always smiling and very helpful in their mannerisms.  They're people you'll like interacting with.Food: A perfect (repeated Perfect) place for brunch, the Cafe Souvenir menu is stocked with the staples of such a meal.  The food is prepared quickly, presented nicely, and the portions are generous.  A nice selection of side dishes of cheeses, meats, and deserts are on offer as well as a extended assortment of coffee.  Prices are reasonable for the quality of food and service.  Big value.You'll leave with the smile!
2	An apt moniker for a once-enjoyable and frequented breakfast joint. Somewhere along the line, this place lost the plot. Needless to say, I will not be making any new memories here.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	Cafe Souvenir is such a lovely place to have brunch. SItuated in what is quite possibly the nicest neighbourhood--in my humble opinion--in our fair city, Cafe Souvenir serves up both brunch and lunch. My partner and I stepped into Souvenir around 11:30 on a Saturday morning and the place was jammed. But we waited for no more than 5 minutes to be seated (along the wall, in one of the banquettes). The turnover is quick here so do not be dissuaded by what seems like a never-ending wait. The waitstaff were attentive, fetching us coffees and freshly squeezed juice. Both my partner and I could simply not pass on the eggs benedict--a long-time breakfast favorite of ours. The offerings were simply delicious--nice home fries that were not overcooked or blackened as they so often can be at some breakfast places, and the hollandaise sauce was a real winner. The 'fresh' fruit is served from a big container in the kitchen, in what looks like syrup, but it was tasty nonetheless. Food is served up fast. Outremont is a neighbourhood in a traditional sense. Bernard Ave is a village-like main street with a grocery store, banks, coffee shops, depanneur and charming restos. It's hard not to fall in love. It's a respite from the hustle and bustle of other areas of urban Montreal. If you're on the prowl for some breakfast fare definitely give Cafe Souvenir a try--you won't be disappointed with the trendy yet family-friendly atmosphere and the delicious food fare. This spot does not take reservations so arrive early or just be prepared to wait. I'm told that in the summer months a patio spills out into the sidewalk. Divine!
3	Excellent brunch! the breakfast burger is great but the breakfast burrito is outstanding.
4	Great go-to brunch spot! Their omelettes are delicious, and they put them directly from the hot cast iron skillet onto your plate.
