2	This restaurant was featured in the Peoria-Glendale paper so we thought we would try it. As we walked in, we noticed the doormat said "Casa de Angelina Spanish Food." Sound interesting? If there was any Spanish food on their menu, I sure didn't see it. We were a party of 5 - 2 ordered Taco salads, 1 Chimichanga and 2 taco plates. No Spanish food there. The food we got was just OK, not up to typical Mexican restaurant standards. On the other hand, the service tonight was great. But again, the food was nothing special. We won't be back.
3	The sign also bills itself as 'Santa Fe style' food. Having lived many years in New Mexico, with a family - generations of which are from New Mexico - the cuisine was decidely not New Mexican. It was standard Sonoran.With that said, the meal was quite enjoyable. The enchilada sauce had a nice flavor. The dulce de leche was fantastic. The service was very good. The decor was a little non-descript, but that's OK, All in all, a nice addition to the meager choices for Mexican food in Surprise.  We would probably come back.I had to give it 3-stars because of what it is not. If you are looking for Spanish food - there is none here. If you are looking for New Mexican style-cuisine, you won't find it either. However, if you are looking for a decent, enjoyable meal at a local family-owned establishment, this is a good choice.
5	I am a self admitted food snob and don't care for the "Chain" restaurants. I can tell the difference between fresh and canned, processed or frozen. Casa de Angelina is definitely FRESH made from scratch! The chef even made a ranch dressing for my daughter on one of our visits.While it isn;t New Mexico, or Spanish, the recipes are still good and I forgot about that at the first mouth watering bite.Those who didn't like it, are most likely just used to the canned/processed/frozen food from other chain restaurants. Casa de Angelina delivered incredible service as well as a freshly prepared meal that rivaled a few "Fine Dining" establishments I frequent. The food is amazing and doesn't leave a bloated feeling after eating as with the other mexican food restaurants in the valley. The presentation of the food is also very appealing.I have taken my wife and family back a few times and have found a new favorite restaurant when we eat out. We will continue to go back.
2	The food was pretty decent and tasty, but the service and organization were horrible...we were given chips & salsa to start, but there were NO plates...salsa ended up dripping all over the table.  Then our drinks (just soft drinks) took forever, although there were only around 4 tables occupied.  My husband ordered soup, which arrived only after reminding the waitress (where was she with hardly any patrons and 2-3 severs?), who then brought soup with NO SPOON...then she didn't bother checking back with us, so my husband was eating the thick soup with his fork for quite awhile.  Drink refills were only provided (sometimes) upon request, and then also took forever.  Lots of dry glasses and thirsty people.  I asked for no beans (explaining to the server how much I detest them) on my tacos, and when the meal finally came, she said it took awhile because the kitchen accidentally added the refried beans.  I trusted that she had them redo the meal, but in the middle of eating my taco, I saw that the meal had been replated but that the beans were still stuck to the bottom of the taco shell...GROSS!  I had just about enough of the poor service and was expecting them to at least apologize for forgetting the soup and the spoon until my husband was nearly done with his meal, but to my chagrin, they didn't seem to care.  As I said, the food was okay, even tasty, but the service absolutely ruined it; I can excuse a mistake or an omission with no problem, but the lack of concern for their comedy of errors was inexcusable.  Never going back...and really think they only deserved one star...
