5	The best pizza in town. Good food, great atmosphere, and friendly staff. This place is a great addition to the neighborhood.
5	Best Italian food I've ever ate! Everything is homemade and the service is impeccable!! They have both a dining room and bar. WAY better then the previous venues at this locations- you can tell the owners care about their service and quality I food. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
5	I really like this place.  Great food and service and open 24 hours!!  Super awesome!
1	So disappointed.  The air conditioner was blowing cold air on all the booths and it took 3 requests to have it adjusted.  Ordered the lasagna and guess what? At 5:30 pm during dinner service no lasagna.  Ordered the meatball sub and it was average.  Meatballs were over-processed with no homemade taste or texture. Ordered a beer and it was not chilled.   Don't think we will be back.
3	Drove by the place several times since they opened and finally had a reason to go... Easter with the family.  (The Pope is Italian, right?) Anyhow, we walked in and were greeted rather promptly.  Wish there was just a little more lighting at the big tables in front for our party of 8. The open atmosphere helps a bit. The waitress did a great job but I must say that it wasn't busy. Does seem they recently hired additional staff.I had high hopes on the garlic knots that I had heard about. They were a bit smaller than a golf ball and marinara didn't stick to it well (and we weren't going to double dip) and hard on the exterior.  Not overly impressed with the mozzarella sticks but each shared one issue that I had...the marinara.  It came across under seasoned to me but a few people were OK with it.Carmine's redeemed itself with their terrific chopped salads. The chicken alfredo was spot on and not overwhelmed by grease (or overzealous use of the olive oil.) The lasagna was a good portion but suffered a little from the very thin marinara mentioned before which created a pink pool around the plate. Yet, that same sauce worked well on a chicken parmesan sandwich. The pizza was a winner as well with a good crust, good topping to cheese to sauce ratio. The full chicken parmesan was more than one of our party could finish.I wish the rating system would allow us to give them 3.5 stars but it isn't entirely at a 4 quite yet. I know that they will get there as they have a good foundation. Why do I believe that? Because, I can see myself heading back in a few months but probably for that alfredo.
5	I'm with Mark.  The best pizza in town.  Best that I've had anyway.  It's like New York City pie.  Big slices, foldable, but actually better.  Carmine's has better pizza than my favorite place in Queens.  If you can't trust a fat man's opinion on pizza, who can you trust??  Beer selection is pretty good. They had a lovely Brooklyn amber ale on tap and a few tasty treats.  Maureen the barkeeper is a real beauty and even nicer and more professional than you can imagine.  I just love this place and hope that they can make a go of it in this location.  I'm rooting for them and will be a regular.  Oh, and the video poker machines are pretty loose.  :)
1	I am in agreement with Kathy S. Here are a few reasons why we decided to just go elsewhere last night.They must figure out how to adjust the vents.Who wants to eat hot food while having cold air blow down on the table and you? Although there was a door between the restaurant and the smoke filled bar the servers went in and out of the door and it remained partly opened which caused the smell of cigarette smoke to escape into the dining area. That was enough to chase us out. I sincerely hope management figures it out.
4	This new joint on Eastern took over from the Beach House.  Sadly, we never were able to get to the Beach House, but we stepped in here for lunch.As an aside - how in the heck do restaurants NOT make it on Eastern??  Anyway.Good pizza - great drinks, the bartender Melissa was super nice.  Not too smokey, which is good.
1	This place is as big of a joke as it was as Half-Shell(at the end) and the Beach House.An hour wait for a pizza? Are you kidding me? Then it comes out with the soggiest crust that Ive had anywhere, including the 100+ venues that were researched for Las Vegas Best Pizza Dot Com.Their high prices are due to the 3x rent that they are paying and why the building sat vacant for so long. High prices demand a quality product, and the quality isnt even close here! This is 'Amateur Hour'!
2	Friendly staff. Not impressed with the food. If you want better Italian, there are multiple other places in town worth a try in my opinion.
2	Went here last night. For a Sunday night had to wait a very long time for pizza. Not just the normal wait, but more like over 30 minutes for a simple pizza. Food & service was subpar. Nothing memorable. I don't even remember servers name & I just ate there last night. Will not be going back.
1	Not impressed.  Couldn't get a players card, player system was down. First tap beer requested was out. Said they had Tuaca, then out.  Did not try the food. Geez.
1	We stopped in last night and the first thing you notice when you walk in is  a dead dining room and nobody at the door...the same recipe that didn't work for Half-Shell. So, on to the bar.   The guy bartender made some smart comment about being open since March where have we been. Well, I go out a lot just haven't made it here yet wise-guy.   I am not sure what he is being so cocky about when he is working a bar that is dead on a Saturday night.  I ordered Pyramid Hefe not available, Stella not available, my friend wanted shot of Tucana out of that as well.  Okay...lets play video poker...players club card system down.  I played poker for a little while enjoying the bottle of water that they did have in stock.  There was a couple next to me at bar must have been regulars and or one of them worked there...couldn't catch what they were saying about our experience?  Regardless, I didn't feel comfortable and wasn't having any fun so we left the building.  There are plenty of options for Italian food in the area and even more bars who are stocked and have friendlier staff.  I only live a couple of blocks from this place but no plans to return.  When you haven't been open but a few months you are lucky to have customers not the other way around.
1	This location has closed...now it makes sense why they were out of everything and didn't want to give out players card for free play but based on that experience I wont be visiting the other location on Marks either.
1	They're CLOSED! Permanently!!  Phone is disconnected. Signs are all down. I am assuming that this location is no longer open for business. Never got a chance to give them a try. I can't understand the turnover. There is ample parking. Apparently location isn't everything.
1	Just to show that it isn't just me, as one DumbAss that sent me a message saying. This place was only open 3 months for a reason, charging way too much for Crap!
2	Hard to find good pizza in Vegas . We decided to try it. We went in for lunch. I had a small pie. On. The other hand my husband ordered pasta with garlic and oil. It took over an hour to get it. When the pasta came they forgot the garlic so he got pasta with oil. When we questioned it they then brought out a bowl of oil with burnt garlic. Metro pizza is still the best in Vegas. Place was empty and dark. Staff is not too. Smart. Save your money
5	they have moved to horizon ridge and carnagie under carmines pizza kitchen. same great pizza in 6 table store.
