5	At first glance walking into the gym you may mistake it for a gymnastics center. There are parallel bars and rings everywhere I look. Handstand push-ups what??? My curiosity was peaked. I started working out here in September of 2010 and I think I may just be addicted enough to give up some of my running and biking addiction. I may add this is not normal for me to say the least.First and foremost let me discuss the trainers. They are topnotch and always there to correct your form. Always no matter how long you have been Crossfitting. They take the time to explain each movement as if you are a newbie. It is like getting a personal trainer for an hour but you pay much less a session.You want to get faster in your running? I highly suggest you check it out. On a side note I would love some more runners in class to challenge me in the running segments. Yes there are running segments. I did cross country in college and let me point out I have been doing less running since I have been working out here but who can complain about a 6:50 mile from running less? On to the gym itself. There are four bathrooms and two contain a shower. The gym has had a major renovation since I started all for the better. They like to play loud energy pumping music during the workouts but I will mention the gym has a bare bones feel. This is in feel only UC has plenty of equipment to torture yourself with on a daily basis. Please note there is no ac or heat...only to torture you more mu ha ha...I workout early so heat is not an issue for me nor is it a reason for a downgrade in stars. As for the cold you will be sweating so much you will wish it was colder. Trust me on that statement. This is not your "typical" gym. There is a Christmas party, movie viewings and a farmers market to name a few things other gyms do not do. The people attending the gym range from your military types to moms trying to get into better shape. There is no need to feel intimidated all of the people are so nice and friendly. If you get bored easily with workouts you need to try this place out. There is a different workout everyday so I promise no boredom. Oh and they remember exactly who you are after a few sessions.So don't expect to hide! You k now who you are...I cannot say enough good things about this place and this continues to be true 2 years later. Amazing....
5	I love Ultimate CrossFit Bootcamp! I never knew that I could have so much fun while working out so hard. I love the trainers, Carter & Amber, they give everyone personalized attention and you get the feeling that you have your own personal trainer, even in the group setting. Speaking of the group - I love having the support, motivation and accountability of my CrossFit Bootcamp peers. I used to be the guy that went to a "normal" gym or tried to work out on my own, but always seemed to lose my motivation somewhere along the way... I have not been in this good of shape for about 5 or 6 years and I see no end in sight in my attending CrossFit Bootcamp. The one component that I did not expect when starting was paying closer attention to diet. For the first couple of months, Carter and Amber recommend keeping a food journal (they supply for you) and it really does help you have a better understanding as to what goes into your body.  You learn the right type of foods to eat and of course the wrong types too.  I have learned that it is just not how I exercise and the intensity, but diet is the other critical component of getting your body into outstanding shape. Goal setting is also a big part of our class - it helps each person to have a few things to focus on during their time at CrossFit Bootcamp. We mostly meet outside at Freedom Park, unless it rains or is too cold and then we meet inside off of Mint Street. So no excuses.I highly recommend planning to attend for at least three months (but you will want to stay longer)...your first week, you will be very sore, but by your fourth week, you will notice a huge difference in your body and you can continue improving on that as the months go by.  The exercises we do can be modified to work for those of you that have even never worked out before, so don't be scared, just do it!!Come out and try it...I did and I am hooked... CrossFit Bootcamp is one of the best parts of my day !!!!
5	Bad ass. Yes, indeed I feel like a bad ass after my first full CrossFit class at Ultimate Crossfit. You see, I have a few friends who raaaaave about this CrossFit gym. And, I'll admit, I was a little intimidated when I first thought of trying out this seemingly bare bones gym. But, with a Yelp Kicks Butt promo and a little encouragement, I bought a ten class package and went for it. I've been through two fundamentals classes (to learn proper form, lingo and exercises) and one full on class. Let me tell you, it's a hell of a workout with awesome trainers. No, seriously, they're really great. They aren't drill sergeant esque, which I appreciate. They keep an eye on you, correct your form and offer encouragement. Score. Plus, they'll pump out some gansta rap in the background when requested. Every WOD (workout of the day) is different, so there's no chance you'll ever get bored. Run, squat, row, push ups, bench, ring dips, ball slams - it's like an awesome workout in a circus. Plus, they provide tons of online tools to track your progress. And the other CrossFitters? Really cool. The folks I've worked out with are super nice, friendly and helpful. If you want to get stronger with some great people and stellar trainers, try Ultimate CrossFit.
5	Okay - so if you've been working out awhile and need something to elevate your fitness, Ultimate Crossfit is the way to go. You will seriously feel like a beast after finishing one of the classes. Let me back up a bit.... So after doing the Yelp Kicks Butt Crossfit event, I was really keen to add Crossfit into my workout rotation. That said, YKB had an offer with Ultimate Crossfit for half-off a 10 Crossfit class pass. So I started emailing the GM, Mike, about a million questions and he was so helpful that I decided to try it out. You begin with two fundamentals classes where a trainer walks you through the correct way to do the moves, how to read whiteboards and how to work out on all the different machines, which include elements from gymnastics (rings, parallel bars), weights, weighted balls, weighted bars...well you get the idea. Not going to be a cakewalk. To give you an example, while pulling up to the gym around 6:45am for my first fundamentals class, there were people outside walking around with 45 pound plates held over their heads. Being early, and having had no coffee yet, I wondered what I'd gotten myself into. Once I met a few of the trainers and realized they weren't meat heads with drill sergeant tendencies, I began to relax. So back to today...I feel like a complete bad ass. Seriously. We did an intense warm-up and then moved into the WOD (workout of the day), which ended up being a total of 90 pull-ups, 45 overhead squats, and 20 bench presses. The other folks working out were really friendly and encouraged us newcomers. The trainer made sure to watch us to ensure we had good form and weren't feeling overwhelmed with the intensity of the workout. Our trainer also showed us an online tool to track our progress, which I thought was a really great way to keep people coming back. The music was high energy and there are two bathrooms (one with shower with another shower promised soon for those who need to go right into work). Ultimate Crossfit is a great way to kick it up a notch with it's great trainers, welcoming and supportive atmosphere, and kick ass workouts!
5	This place is great! Got a sweet deal with Yelp Kicks Butt...10 classes/sessions for $75. Normally $150, which can be steep, especially if you're a casual "workouter" like me. I've been going to the Y for years, but never could get my grove on consistently. Crossfit is a different story. It's challenging, time sensitive and fun. Yes, fun. The trainers at Ultimate Crossfit do a great job with all levels of experience and endurance. If there's a workout you struggle on, they'll tailor it so you can still enjoy the workout. Don't get me wrong, you are pushed hard and the workout will kick your ass. For that I thank Amber, Chad, Carter & Mike!If you haven't tried Crossfit, you need too! I highly recommend Ultimate Crossfit!
5	It's been about one year since I started working out at Ultimate CrossFit and I'm just as jazzed today about the gym as I was when I started. Thanks to the great trainers and smart programming I've learned how to lift weights efficiently, increase my speed, and do a variety of exercises I was about damn sure I could never do. Like 50 double unders in a row. Or 100 kipping pull ups. Or weighted push ups - yes, they do exist. Is it expensive? Well, yes and no. If you're making great use out of your membership - i.e. going to classes, heading to open gym, or yoga, or even Olympic lifting, the cost is absolutely justified. I mean, if you're going to spend money on one thing in your life it should be your health...right?! If you have any sort of motivation, you can absolutely make Ultimate CrossFit your home. You'll learn how to workout in an impressive, yet humbling way; you'll absolutely be inspired to come back again and again. And the people who are part of the gym - that includes managers, trainers and members - really make this place what it is. Oh - and they take music requests...listening to some Biggie Smalls really makes a workout.
5	At a tailgate party last August, some of my friends were talking about this new exercise bootcamp they had joined at Freedom Park - and they seemed really happy about it!  Aren't bootcamps supposed to have a lot of yelling?  I had been going to another workout facility three or four days a week, and I hadn't seen the results I wanted to see; but at least no one yelled at me to drop and give 'em twenty.  Intrigued, I had to know more; but when they told me it was at 5:30 am, I knew that that it would never work for me.  I'm just not a morning person and the thought of getting up at before daybreak was out of the question.  But, after a lot of prodding, I agreed that I would go - but only for a month - that's it.18 months later, I'm still going.And yes, 5 am is early.  Over the past months, however, I have seen improvements that I would never have imagined possible.  Not only are Carter, Chad, and Amber wonderful trainers - they are our friends.  It's a multifaceted approach.  You log what you eat and they help you with what you should and shouldn't be eating.  They push you to work hard, they encourage and support you, and they celebrate with you when you reach new goals.  The first couple of months I was dead last in everything we did, but I kept going because I was cheered on by the trainers and my fellow bootcamp-buddies.I've lost weight and look better, but more importantly, at 45 years old, I am stronger than I have ever been.  I ran my second USMC Mud Run back in October.  Because of bootcamp, I eat well, knowing that if I don't fuel my body then I won't have a satisfactory workout.  I go to bed at a reasonable hour and get my full eight (OK, sometimes seven) hours of sleep.  Because of bootcamp, and this is my favorite part, I've developed some great friendships along the way.
5	Well designed, well executed, effective, and fun-- it's exhausting and social at the same time. The high levels of creativity and attentive guidance of the trainers is matched only by the mutual support of the group and the fact it's actually cool enough to get me up before sunrise. Try it once. You'll want more. And you'll get better.
5	I recently joined the 6:30Am class in Freedom Park. After years of not exercising and having a job that most likely contributed to my case of "office-ass", I'm so glad that I decided do join. After my first day, I was so unbelievably sore-- I even had to use the handicap stall in the restroom just so I could use the handrail to sit down. Every single class will make you sweat and sore. I like working out with Carter, he's a funny dude. I needed to join something like this rather than joining a gym and relying on myself to go every other day because I'm held accountable-- Carter will know if I won't show up and he won't be happy!!
