1	To be perfectly honest, Hubby and I went here because we wanted to check out  the cool building. And we like Sweet Tomatoes well enough, so we braved it in spite of some mediocre reviews. Let's just say I wasn't sure how fresh the lettuce was and if the cheese was real. No refills on drinks were offered while we were there. The selection was similar to Sweet Tomatoes, but lower quality. The soups didn't look great, so neither of us tried one- and they were different from what the website said they would be. The breads were ok, with the stand-out being the clearly from a mix cheesy drop-biscuit. Kinda sad. The pasta sauces looked off-color and the pizza appeared underdone and topped with cheap (again- real???) cheese. The desserts were alright- Hubby liked his non-dairy iced product in a cone well enough and I actually rather liked my strawberry shortcake. The inside of the building was not as cool as the outside, with some scary dust and water damaged panels in parts of the multi-layered ceiling. We asked the hostess what it had been before  and she said it had been a bank in the 70's. I managed to stop myself from quipping, "Well you can bank on us not returning."
1	Stay as far away from this place as possible.I went here against my will, I am surprised that I am still alive. Family members suggested eating here  after going to the mall. Big HUGE mistake. I am not sure what was worse...the food or the employees. Both looked grossed as hell. I stuck to foods that temperature was not an issue...like pizza and bread. This place was filthy...everywhere, and the food was nasty looking.
4	What's with this 1-Star baloney?  I stopped into this Souper Salad today for lunch, to compare it to the one on 44th St. & the one on Camelback, & it's my new favorite of the three!  Ok, I can't speak confidently of 8/28/08, but as of today the employees were clean, neatly dressed, & totally friendly.  The restaurant looked spotlessly clean to me, the food was fresh & delicious, & my booth was completely peaceful & comfortable, with the restaurant running at about 1/3 capacity while I was there.  Then there was the price.  How about $5.99 for a 4-Star buffet lunch on a Saturday?  Try to get THAT anyplace else!I think this Souper Salad holds it's own against Old Country Buffet straight across on the west side of the Metro Center circle, & it won't put as much weight on you!
3	This is where I go when I'm hungry but want to keep the calories as low as possible. I wouldn't eat here on a normal basis. Keep in mind that it's a buffet environment so the food isn't going to have the best presentation. The breads are not very fresh and they sit under a heat lamp until finished and the salads are in open bins so you never know if someone threw something back in or put their hands in it. However, for $7 you can eat all you want. They also have decent soups and just as much hot items as salad items. Not recommended but also not a horrible place.
4	The salad buffet place with the circular architecture reminiscent of Van de Kamp's restaurants is my favorite place for a quick, satisfying meal in the MetroCenter area. The place is clean, brightly lit and very spacious, and the staff is very friendly. The food choices are typical for a salad buffet, with lots of fresh cut veggies, different cold pastas and other starches, including a wild rice dish during my most recent visit. The soups are hearty and the hot items section include several breads, pizza, and tacos. Desserts include fresh fruit, pudding, build-your-own strawberry shortcake, and soft-serve ice cream. A lot of good fresh cold or hot food for people on a budget.
4	A long time (four months) ago, before I moved to Phoenix, I would drive up I-17 and wonder what the ugly building on my left was.  Little did I know that it would be one of my go-to spots for a quick lunch!I've always appreciated  the no frills simplicity of Souper Salad and this particular location is no exception.  The salad bar has always been fresh for me, the rotating soup selection is quite good and the bread is tasty.  Heck, even the pizza is decent.What really makes Souper Salad shine for me are the deals!  Tuesdays are two for one and there are almost always coupons for similar deals.  I can't remember the last time I paid full price.It's not fancy and it's not pretty, but the food and pricing are good.  I'll keep going to Souper Salad as long as I work in the area.
3	Ok food, reasonable service. I feel like it's a little overpriced for the quality, but not horribly so,FYI, for those checking out the architecture, it has had many occupants over the years, even a bank.
4	So I finally had a meal in the funny looking building.  I quite often get coupons for this place and decided to check them out.  Got there right at opening (10:45).  Everything was out and ready.  Everything was neat and fresh.  One of the soups out was not on the online menu and the mushroom soup was missing.  The front end manager noticed my hesitancy in choosing a soup and made a comment and I told him I was looking for the mushroom soup and he said somebody forgot to order the heavy cream called for and the back end manager was out scouring stores looking for enough.  So I tried a pretty good vegetable beef..  Of course I built a big salad and also had a cold noodle salad and some potato salad and some corn bread.  The only thing I really did not care for was the pizza, but then again this isn't a pizza place.  About 1/2 way through my meal the manager brought over a bowl of mushroom soup from the back, still without the cream but quite tasty.  While this place should be a 3, that attention to customer service in a buffet got them a 4th star.  Everybody I came in contact with was pleasant.Overall I think I prefer the salad bar at Sizzler because it does a better job of the hot area while being about equal on the salad part of it and they are just down the street from my shop.  But I just might make the drive again with another coupon.
2	Let me start with, I love Souper Salad, being going to them for at least 16 yrs... the problem I have it's with this location by Metro Mall... seriously dirty, the floors, the tables...the booth, nasty.  I can't even imagine what the kitchen looks like.  I just can't do this place ever again.  Either the people there just don't care about cleaness because is still a good price, or they just as nasty.  This Souper Salad needs help bad --- remodeling, cleaning and nice people to work, cause the waitress we got was either not happy to be there or plainly just a b - i - t %&^^ you get my point.
5	I love Souper Salad!  It's not as awesome as some of the other salad joints, but its half the cost as many of them and it's got all the regular items I expect - two lettuces, spinach, cucumbers, tomatoes, etc. plus 3-4 soups, baked potatoes, bread sticks and more.  This location is still a favorite with the super high ceiling.  It's showing it's age (needs to be repainted) but I'm here for the food!
4	SouperSalad : Sweet Tomatoes  =  Church's : KFC.I like it better than SweetTom, even though the selection isn't really any larger, it just has more meat available, whether in their soups or at their rudimentary built-yer-own-taco bar.  Recommendation is still to go when and only if you have a coupon, otherwise it's simply not worth the price.  These guys get bonus point for offering "permanent" coupons for $5.50-ish price, and have that price all day Tuesday without a coupon.
4	It is part of a chain, in a rundown mall, in a retro building from a 60's sci-fi movie.  But, the food is worth the trip back to bad architecture land.Salads are salads and soup is soup but the variety and the freshness of the ingredients make this place stand out.  The Mexican cheddar soup was fantastic, just the right amount of kick to let you know that you are in Arizona not Kansas.   If you get too overcome by healthy there is plenty of bad stuff available: ice cream, pizza and sugary delights.  Don't let the idea of going to a chain soup & salad place stop you from enjoying this place.  And enjoy the retro-building and try to guess what it was in its glory days.
5	Souper Salad is legit !Especially, when you score their coupons.  As a matter of fact, I am about to redeem mine this week.  $4.44 for an all you can eat salad, soup and other delicious items that they have ?  Oh yeah, suck on that Sweet Tomatoes !To score their coupons all you have to do is sign up for their emails from their website.  They send out coupons consistently but this one $4.44 is by far the best one since I signed up.Look, this location anyway, might not be the best looking but once inside you have unlimited salads, soups, pasta salad ( small selection ) bake potatoes, ice cream, pizza etc.Regular price I believe is $6.99 and an beverage is $1.99 save your money and just drink water !Sweet Tomatoes is expensive I believe $8.99 plus the price of your drink and they are no different than Souper Sald.  They seem like they have a larger buffett but they don't because both sides of the buffets have the same offerings.  Its designed to move you along quicker because they certainly are not offering you more.Souper Salad is as good as it gets !They are at least $2 cheaper and when you multiply that by a family of four ?  That's an $8 savings !
3	Worried I'm the only one here. But the salad bar was clean, people nice and its soup & salad. Not bad for the $
4	Superior to the arrowhead location
1	The Souper Salad on 75 Ave and Bell Rd in Peoria AZ has to be the WORSE retaurant I ever visited.  Extremely slow service, food was not kept at proper temperature, what selections that were available, were not appealing at all and when attempted to eat it, it was HORRIBLE!  There was only one server on the floor who never came by to check on us, clean the table or offer more drinks.  The servers preparing the bar with food, were not friendly or very enthusiastic about helping anyone or filling the food bars with anything fresh or appetizing.  Will never, ever visit this establishment again!  They need to close this store before someone gets sick from food poisioning.
5	I am an easy five star but I cannot deny SouperSalad the honor. Service was good tonight, the food is always fresh and yummy. The cornbread rocks and brownies too! Not to harsh on the wallet either, especially with the coupons as others have mentioned. Try it if you haven't!
4	I don't go often, but sometimes I feel the Sirens' call to build my own salad whilst walking along a sneeze guard. This place has a good selection of fixin's for salads and the plates are a nice temp for them. Not always super-chilly, but usually not hot outta the dishwasher.Of course, you can grab a soup or two and split open a nice baked potato to be topped with broccoli and cheese, or taco meat and cheese, or whatever you like. I lean towards the taco/salsa combos for the taters.Place is clean, in a converted, architecturally interesting and storied building. The mall it sits outside of is another story altogether... Price is right, especially if you use a coupon.
1	I am shocked at how scary this place was! I had not ever been to this location, but needed a quick place to stop for food. We always like eating at the PV mall location, until it shut down. The complaint list is long; starting with food items that should be cold were actually warm, and the warm items were cold. The bins of food had other food items in them, for instance the sour cream, cheese, and butter were all almost empty but had lots of other gross items mixed in them as if they have been sitting there for hours. The ranch dressing was almost gone and some other dressings looked like they hadnt been stirred for a long time. There was food all over the counters, and the only time I saw a counter being wiped was when an employee leaned over the open containers of soup to yell at the top of her lungs back to the kitchen. The potatoes were cold and so was the macaroni and cheese. The pizza looked like a microwave pizza, undercooked and hard from sitting out for god only knows how long. We walked over to get soft serve ice cream and the area looked like a bomb had gone off, there was food everywhere! On a good note, the service was good, our server checked on us frequently and was very nice. But the unsanitary presentation of buffet style dining has my stomach churning too much to go back.
5	My experience here was really good as the staff was friendly and the food was great.  I can't believe the amount of food you get for the awesome price.  Although the building looks old school from the outside, the inside was very clean and nice.  The salad bars were clean and full of good looking and great tasting food.  I had a few salads loaded with veggies, a baked potato, and way too many bread sticks.  To top it all off I had a brownie... okay, maybe I had two brownies.In short, this was a great meal at a great price.  I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here and I will come back again soon.
4	I get made fun of at work for having brought a couple of my coworkers here in the past. I convinced them to go because I had a coupon and we'd all save a few bucks compared to Sweet Tomato. I've never gotten them to come back. Something about the lettuce looking wilted and the vinyl being cracked in the booths and the carpet being threadbare. Well - that was two years ago and they've updated the interior!Personally, I think it's pretty awesome that you pay $5.55 with a coupon and get the same amount of food as ST. Now, the ambiance isn't quite as nice and the outside of the building is funky, but for salad, it's great. I get the takeout salad for $3.99. Yes, I said $3.99 which is $4.34 with tax!! You can't beat that! And, if you do it right, you can shove like 2 pounds of salad into that little bowl (you just have to squish the edges until the top pops on). They also give you a little baggie for fruit and such. It's great.
5	This place is great! So many options of healthy food I love it! And for the cost of McDonald's! Great spot and highly recommend!!
5	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =Stopped back into here to this busy SS location today for lunch & to see how they're doing.  I'm picky about restaurant seating & I was surprised the first time I came here that I liked this round dining room, but it's quite all right.  (This must have been a Van de Kamps or Spires Restaurant back in the day.)I was greeted by an excellent selection of 83 food items this time, plus sauces & dressings.  The way it's set up, you get salad first, as at Sweet Tomatoes.  I loaded up my tray with a Caesar Salad, a "Fiery Roasted Corn Salad," & a regular salad with lots things on it.Over at the table I was soon greeted by my friendly server, & then it was soon on over to the hot line.  I had some tasty Santa Fe Chicken Soup & Beef Sheldon Soup.  This time I didn't end up having room for their regular Chili which I usually also get some of, & the other soups looked good too.Let's see, what else...  I had some good flatbread or thin pizza with lots of goodies on it (& you can add more meat if you like), plus macaroni & cheese, steamed veggies, which were a bunch of unusual squashes & other things that I couldn't identify but it was all delicious & not overcooked.  Also had a taco & some other things, but saving room for their always excellent Strawberry Shortcake for dessert.Ok, this isn't Bacchanal Buffet, but it's not $45.99 either!  Where else can you get a delicious Buffet like this (even Dinner or Sunday!) for $6.99/$5.99 Sr.??
2	I was not happy when after i paid for my families meal to find not attended to buffet. The place sprung a major leak in the dinning area during the storm last night. The food, the nacho cheese was more water then cheese & the fruit had sat out far to long that it smelled & tasted funny.... Not to mention the salad was NO way fresh. On the up side the customer service was great.
3	My husband used to go here all of the time, as it is a great deal.  However, the quality of food has gone downhill.  If you go close to closing, the food will be cold, old, hard, or just plain old awful.  The last time we went there, we saw the worker cleaning up for the night, but spraying windex directly on the INSIDE of the glass that covers the food.  It just made us sick because I'm certain some of the windex got on the food.  It turned my stomach, and I'm not sure if I'll ever be back.  I'd rather spend more money at Sweet Tomatoes for quality food.
5	I've been here many times, but have only ever gotten the salad to go. I work in the area and it's a great lunch, especially under 5 bucks. If you're like me, pressed for time and don't want a burger, this is the place. I'd say about 30% of the time i go, they're putting fresh vegetables out as i'm going down the line. Never see any empty trays.Only complaint is twice they've had a new dressing, once was sweet onion something or other and i can't remember the second, but they were there just once then gone forever! Too bad, that onion one was good.Just a reminder, it's not Sweet Tomatoes. The selection is smaller, but so is the check. Not nearly as crowded as there either.
3	I love souper salad and I always love how this location is in the old bank building. I just wish that the staff was friendlier and that they would update the place to get with the times. They seriously have the same dishes as the day they opened....I mean come on! But the salad items are fresh and the hot selections are plentiful. Can't go wrong with a simple soup n salad lunch!
4	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =Made it back around to Souper Salad Metro today, this time joined by Scott W.  I have always enjoyed these nice Buffets & it's been sad to see them shrink from 16 Valley locations before "the crash" now all the way down to 3!     :-OToday's food was mostly delicious, as usual.  The problem this chain has had, in my opinion, has never been the food nor the dining rooms, but rather that they have never charged enough money!  Now they have increased the price just a little, to $6.99/$5.99 Sr., & that's if you don't have one of their ubiquitous coupons.  I certainly hope these last 3 locations survive for the long term!I noted just a couple of things that could use improvement here.  For one, the Cottage Cheese was blah low-fat stuff (like at Sweet Tomatoes across the street!).  I wish they would have honest 4% Cottage Cheese, even if they only put it out sometimes for economic reasons (as does Old Country Buffet here in the same center).  Also, the thin crust pizza looked good sitting there in its cabinet but it was pretty bad!     :-OGripes notwithstanding, this is an excellent lunch for the money, in a clean, comfortable, friendly restaurant & there's plenty of food to like here, including the large salad & sides variety, the (better than Sweet Tomatoes) soups & chili, as well as the tasty Strawberry Shortcake & soft ice cream desserts.     :-))
1	Never again. Hadn't been to this place in 18 years. It seemed pretty decent in 1996, but today...I have no idea why anybody would want to eat here again after tasting the food for the first time. The salad dressing was watered down, the lettuce was starting to wilt, the soup, while hot, was bland, to say the least. The tacos? I have better tacos at home using Fry's brand of taco seasoning. The only good thing I could say about this establishment is that my wife liked the pudding and the wait staff was pleasant. Otherwise - stay as far away from the Metro Center location as possible.
5	This place looks great after their remodel. The salad bar was amazing and the food tasted great. Clifford, our server, was super nice and helpful. I will be back!
5	I always come here because you know what your getting and the service is good, the food has always been fresh.
1	-GO TO SWEET TOMATOES INSTEAD- The restaurant was below average... Cheap but not worth $6. The stations were messy and they were short staffed. The day we came I (3/17/14) they had an issue with the stoves and so we had a choice of corn bread or sweet potatoes for hot foods. I understand that it's not their fault the kitchen wasn't working but they should have let us know before we paid!
5	I love it. So many healthy choices. . Way better than McDonald's.  Staff is extremely friendly. Its been recently remodeled and new parking lot. Its nice. ..I will be back and tell as many people I can. ...great experience
2	Not the greatest selection,  I was charged over 10 dollars when the reviews I read stated it was under that.The service was nice but not worth coming back. They should have a bigger soup selection. Also on the taco meat don't add so much cumin...that was brutal.
4	I've come here for years with friends, on and off. Some restaurants are fancier ones that you would take a family or spouse to..........I use other restaurants for that purpose. This one is perfect to take a friend to just  talk, like a buddy you work with. The food, served buffet style, is healthy although some junk food options (Pizza, Tacos) are available to the side. Lots of salad variety with some protein additions, lots of pasta salads and dressings. I like most of the food here and the setting is pleasant. It's very inexpensive by today's standards and they don't rush you, I've been there talking for hours with friends and they don't mind. Sometimes they're a bit short staffed but the staff are pleasant and do their job. This is a causal, working persons restaurant, not a special occasions one. For what it is, I think they do a great job.The nearby large mall, long past it's prime and with lots of empty stores, does at least have a good multiplex movie theater with a separate entrance on the West side of the mall.
1	I was totally disappointed with this place. It was dirty. The food wasn't very good at all,(except for the lentil soup) especially for the price. Our waitress had the personality of a wet paper bag. Drinks were over filled and spilling all over the table. The waitress just left the mess she made for is to clean up. All and all it was a good thing we came here today. We saved a dog from heat exhaustion or possibly worse. (had to call the police)An older couple was here and left their golden retriever in the car as they sat in the A/C for dinner. It was 102 degrees today. SMH
3	Before dining at SS, I thought that perhaps "Souper" was a play on the word "super" and I envisioned some bullet proof it's-a-bird-it's-a-plane-no-it's-super-salad salads.  The restaurant would surely offer some unique choices of salad and soups which I hadn't seen before.  The restaurant would surely have many different kinds of ingredients and maybe some gourmet items as well.  Not!  Totally disappointed.  Apparently the place I envisioned would need to be called Souper Douper Salad, because the choices at SS were regular everyday buffet items.  For such an extensive bar, you would think the cook could tie a cape on some of those plates and let 'em soar.  For me, they really needed a more pleasing presentation.  The pictures that other reviewers have uploaded look a lot better than what I remember seeing.  Perhaps I should try another spot - Metrocenter ain't the best place to find quality.Also, I was turned off by the number of salad choices that were covered in too much dressing, but take that as a side note, 'cos I'm picky.   Anyway, I created my own salad and had a bowl of regular veggie soup.Didn't bother to re-up for seconds.  Maybe I wasn't hungry enough.I'll try again much much later.
1	We've been here several times over the last 2-3 years.  It's gotten progressively worse each visit.   It's now to the point where it's disgusting.   We'll not go back.  Squeezing every dollar from this location has worked to the detriment of food quality and taste.   YUCK!  Spend your money elsewhere, like Sweet Tomatoes, a little more expensive but far better quality!
