5	Since we're on an "eating healthy" kick at work we had to try out the new salad place. I placed our order online, there were some glitches in their system but was assured they are working on it (had to call after my order was placed to change the pick up time since the first available was in three hours). My food was ready for me when I arrived. My boss who is very picky actually gave his lunch two thumbs up and mine was equally as delicious. We both had the "create your own salad". I didn't care for the basalmic vinaigrette but all the veggies were fresh and crunchy. I liked it so much I placed another to-go order today, this time getting vegetable soup, it was tasty. The soup wasn't hot but that's probably my fault for not picking it up fast enough. They do have frozen yogurt with the normal toppings, for $2.00 you can add a small yogurt to your lunch, they need to do a better job of advertising that though. I had to ask them what's up with yogurt since there are no signs and they don't mention it. The line can get pretty long at lunch time so be prepared.
4	I can't explain it but the salads are simple but delicious.  When I first walked in I was not impressed because it seemed the salads looked a little too pedestrian. Lo and behold! That was exactly what I really wanted; enough ingredients (there are actually quite a few) to make each predetermined salad taste really good and the greens are always crisp and super fresh.  I can usually toss the bread to the side and not think a thing about it but not here.  I LOVE that bread/roll.  I am a true fan.  Very clean and the staff is super cordial.
5	I love Saladworks Scottsdale!I remember eating at Saladworks when living in Philadelphia and wishing it would make it's way to Arizona.There are tons of options. They have salad recipe suggestions, and they have the opportunity for you to Create Your Own salad. I go with this option, because you can customize the salad of your dreams (yes! I dream about salad!). The staff then puts your salad together, either tossed with dressing, or dressing on the side. They never overdress it, so I get it tossed. You get to choose your base which can be lettuce, lettuce and wheat pasta, lettuce and white pasta, or spring mix. I get the lettuce and white pasta, with egg whites, carrots, cucumber, feta cheese, and niciose olives tossed with Creamy Italian dressing.. The salads come with a wheat or white roll. The wheat roll is unbelievable. Very generous size, with seeds throughout, served warm and absolutely scrumptious. They also have soups and sandwiches, which I haven't tried yet. The sandwiches have meat options, so this place isn't just for vegetarians. Other things I like about Saladworks: They have a loyalty card. If you friend them on facebook, there is a daily deal. This includes once a week where they have buy one get one free salads. Also, they have a nutrition calculator on their website.
4	We came here around six this past Saturday, and found SaladWorks refreshing.Yes, I know it's a salad bar.  But it's much more.  It has frozen yogurt with various toppings.  It has...   wait for it...   a wide selection of bottle beer. Yes, beer.  Haven't you ever thought of combining your liquid carbohydrates with your protein?  If you're not into beer, they have wine, or soda.  They even carry the healthier beverage of water or seltzer.What makes SaladWorks unique, is their focus on fresh.  They cut up each of their sixty or so salad items each morning, and throughout the day.  According to their corporate marketing speak: "In 1986, John Scardapane developed the Saladworks concept while working as a gourmet chef at a southern New Jersey country club.  Saladworks continually won over new fans with its fresh take on salads.  John's vision meant an end to the days of chemical-coated tomatoes and brown-tinged lettuce.  He decided that salads should be made to order, chopped on-location and assembled right in front of your eyes."  Yeah, for some reason I'm not a big fan of salad bars because of the "chemical-coated tomatoes and brown-tinged lettuce."  Problem solved.Our meal ran us $18.28, including tax which seems a little high considering we were drinking water.  I opted for the "make your own salad" which has the drawback of $0.79 (protein is $0.99) for each item.  So in the future, I'll start with one of their base salads and add on from there.  Interestingly, they do not have any vegetarian or vegan base offerings on the menu. D'oh!  All seem to come with a meat or fish protein attached to the salad, including the wraps.  They'll need to fix this going forward, or better educate the staff on the options.The setup is pretty straight forward. The restaurant itself is brightly lit, very clean, and located in the old Starbucks/ Sushi restaurant location.  Since the restaurant is so new, it was funny watching cars pull up and then back out realizing the other places aren't here anymore.  Both are on the other side of FLW.We'll be back.  Enjoy!
3	I like the concept.  Chop all ingredients fresh daily.  Lots to pick from.  They have salads, sandwiches, panini's.  Wish I could eat gluten.  They have great salad bowls.  You know, the one with a large lip so you don't spill everything out of the bowl when you mix it.  They have self-serve frozen yogurt, but none sweetened with stevia. 8 bucks for a salad I guess is the going rate.  But my first visit, I was still hungry since I could not include the roll or pasta which would have helped.   On my second visit, I did as for substitutes (more ingredients) and the salad was a touch more filling.  But you could go broke here.  A salad, sandwich and yogurt and you could easily be out $20.  I'll continue to work Saladworks in as an option, but Sweet Tomatotes all you can eat salads is a much better deal.
2	The portions here are quite small (and I am a small person, yet still think they are small). I went with two other people and they give you a really small amount of lettuce/greens. Even when you ask for more, they add the smallest amount. On top of this, I am currently ill and am confident it is from food that I ate there just a couple of hours ago. It's nice to be able to build your own salad, but there's definitely room for improvement here.
4	Tried Saladworks at dinner for the first time this week.  What a pleasant surprise!   You stand in line to order and watch staff create your order from the many choices of items to include on salad or sandwich.  They will also make your salad into a wrap if you wish.The staff was very friendly and efficient.  So many choices my mind was swimming so I stuck w/ someting on the menu.  Next time I may be more adventurous and make up my own recipe.  I tried the combo w/ 1/2 sandwich & 1/2 salad.  I had the Sophie's salad w/ raspberry vinegarette dressing - yum!  Crispy and fresh and very filling.  Ham sandwich served toasted on foccacia roll w/ a bag of chips - double yum!  They also offer self-serve yogurt w/ an abundance of flavors and toppings, it's a set price now ($2?) but will go to pay by the ounce at some point.  We skipped the yogurt and split a cookie instead - also very good.  We opted to dine on the patio and enjoyed a perfect spring evening.Several suggestions for improvement - they have demo salads prepared to show you what they look like - nice idea but by evening, they were looking pretty tired and unappealing.  Either refresh or remove them.  Also the self-serve beverage station is handy but needed to be attended to with a good wipe-down and restock.I really didn't expect much from this new place and was completely blown away at how good everything tasted and how fresh it seemed.  This is clearly a case of what you see is what you get.  I can't wait to go back and try one of their 6+ soup offerings.
4	Fantastic! I was super happy with Saladworks. I came here for lunch with 5 co-workers and it was delicious. We arrived a bit before the lunch rush and got our food quickly, I had the combo with the Bently salad (didn't want the cheese so they let me sub anything I wanted...I chose avocado), and the Monterey Chicken sandwich. The bread was fresh and warm. The serving sizes were generous and the staff was very friendly. I will absolutely be back.
2	I have been to this location 3 times now and the last visit was very disappointing. I really wanted to love this place but I am starting to think it is just overpriced and mediocre at best. They have no efficient process for ordering, the line backs up, and it just looks like everyone working is struggling to get it done. They should really have a check sheet for people to mark what they would like on their salads, it seems like people just stand in front of the glass forever deciding what they want which is super frustrating when you have to get back to work at lunchtime. When I finally did get to order I chose the Cobb salad and the chicken was soggy, tomatoes were mushy, bacon was stale, and the ranch dressing tasted like something out of a bottle. A salad place should always have homemade dressings and fresh chicken since most of their menu items feature chicken, especially at $9 a salad. Overall there are many other better restaurant options for the money.
2	The portion was very small for the price $9. I had the combo 1/2 sandwich and soup. I was still hungry. Staff is very friendly.
2	Great concept poor execution. I think they need Gordon Ramsey's help with the menu.
2	I'm a basic kind of salad person and eat a Cesar salad 90% of the time, one reason I get romaine lettuce and not iceburg or the bitter greens.  Salad works base salad mix is romaine and iceburg, a cheaper way out.  There were 2 people ahead of me in line post lunch hour rush (1:15 pm) and it took me 15 minutes to get my salad.   The young lady in front of me (yeah we waited long enough we had a conversation) ordered a turkey melt panini and says she loves their food and comes back often.  The greens are fresh as well as the chicken in my salad (and not dry).  So try it and maybe you'll like it,  I'm not impressed.
2	This is my second review.  My first one was "filtered"  Not sure why.  Anyway, I have been here several times.  A sign at the door says "America's Best Salads".  It should say "America's unhealthiest and smallest salads".  I can't do gluten, and they don''t give you any "substitutes" for the pasta and roll.  Also, take a look at the ingredients in the salad dressings at their website.  High Fructose Corn Surup.  BHT, sulfites, nitrates, I could go on. They need to come up with healthier dressings.Oh, they did substitute potato chips for the roll and pasta once.  Hardly healthy.If they start offering a decent sized salad and veggies as substitutes, I'll go back. What do they do at the end of the day?  Throw all that stuff out?  Makes no sense.Why not give it to the customers?  And more and more people are avoiding gluten.  They need to come up with better options instead of just "more lettuce" as an option.  When I asked for more lettuce, the server's response was "that's the additional size".  I still left hungry.
4	Tasty! Although not necessarily healthy if you get one of the salads on their menu. Saladworks hosts 3 different types of lettuce mix, a large selection of salad toppings, various dressings, and a free-range soda fountain to satisfy your drink needs. I got a chicken Caesar salad and a create-your-own salad to go. Both were a very generous portion of salad and toppings. The create-your-own salad allows you to choose your lettuce mix, and up to 5 toppings are included. The toppings included green beans, corn, white beans, artichoke, sun-dried tomatoes, chopped eggs, and meats such as chicken and shrimp (Just to name a few!). The salads and toppings themselves tasted very fresh, even after bringing back my to-go boxes home and putting them in the fridge for a few hours until dinnertime. The dressings were full of flavor. I chose the lemon Dijon vinaigrette, which had a nice tangy, creamy consistency and taste. Other dressings that I could remember included 2 types of balsamic vinaigrette (Regular and fat-free), and green goddess.The total for 2 salads and 1 soda was about $20, which is decent considering the size and quality of ingredients. In addition to their salads, they also offer sandwiches, soups, and frozen yogurt. If you do get a salad, it comes with a decently sized roll (Wheat/multi-grain or white). Service was cheerful and very friendly.  While the salads here are definitely fresh, a lot of the pre-conceived salads don't seem very healthy for you (e.g., the use of deep-fried, breaded chicken), but you can definitely take control of your health here to some extent by creating your own salad.If I'm in the area, this is definitely a good place to get a refreshing meal!
1	Have tried several times to order for delivery because I am home with a new baby...I will go through the online delivery processes just to get a call saying they are currently not delivering. Then it takes several days to get my money put back on my card. Seems like they pick and choose when they want to deliver, why bother being a company that "offers" delivery?? Their food is pretty good, but their soups are horrible.
1	Terrible experience.. Staff was rude and disrespectful, guy had a serious attitude problem. We waited 40 minutes for a sandwich and salad and i got back to my office and my food wasn't what i ordered.  I don't eat meat and they gave me a chicken salad. I emailed Saldworks  to voice my concern, I was told they would send me a coupon for a free meal and gave them my address.  Was seriously annoyed but id give a  second chance with a coupon. Never received coupon, its been months.  Wont ever go again.  You treat your customers like crap, you get crappy Yelp reviews.
2	I have had a salad here about 6 times in the past couple of months and it just seems like the lettuce and the some of the toppings are just not that fresh.  Just seems like it should be better...
5	I really loved the food.  The salads were very fresh and the options are incredible.  You can basically do anything you want!  I have not tried the other items yet but I really thought the salad I had was very good.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful when we were trying to figure out what we wanted.  One of the managers Emily came to our table after about 10 minutes and made sure our food was good.  You don't expect that in a "fast food" environment.  The store is a little off the main road but super easy to find!  We will definitely be going back soon!
3	I love salads and don't always have time to make my own and don't always want to get a salad from a nearby restaurant so that's why I though this place was cool. Their salads are really good sized and frankly, I don't think you can mess a salad up. They have a menu of salads you can choose from or you can build your own. I chose the cobb salad today since its one of my favorites. The salad was good, but I would get it with out the chicken and add some extra veggies or something - that's just my personal preference since the chicken is breaded and gets mushy. I also don't like tomatoes so I subbed in some carrots. Everything tasted good and they had good ranch. Next time I want to build my own although when I was playing around on the site, it seems as though the build your own can get pretty pricey if you like a ton of toppings like I do. I had a small chicken pot pie soup which was meh (wouldn't get that again) and a large fountain drink and the total was about $11. I hate paying that much for things like salad but I was ok with it this time around since I don't eat lunch out too often. I think I would rather spend the bucks and go to Whole Foods for their salad bar since no matter what I add to that salad, its always around $9-10. I have and would recommend this place others and probably will come back again.
1	Why oh why did this place close? I came in for lunch on Monday and it was gone =(
5	I went to have lunch here today and they were closed. Einstein's next door said Saladworks closed their doors on Friday for business. Very unfortunate they made delicious salads!
1	Salad works didn't work.  It's gone already :(
4	Bummed - this place had good salads and great soup options, but went for lunch about three days ago and the place has closed down.  Boo.  Fingers crossed it's temporary?
5	I loved this place and would bring a different friend each time I went to introduce to this little Salad/Sandwich treasure.  I also loved the frozen yogurt!  I'm so sad they closed after such a short time.  I do hope they reopen somewhere soon!
2	I'll give 2 stars since the ingredients were fresh and tasty but only give 2 stars because the dressings were HORRIBLE.  Sorry, but dressings can totally break a salad, and ours were broken tonight.  At these prices you can get better salads elsewhere.  Ah well, glad I tried it but am not surprised we were the only guests in the place.
