5	To all other apartment managers, and communities please take note; this is how an apartment should operate, and this is how a management team should take care of its residents.First let me get with the few (very few) negatives.This is an up and coming neighborhood; their are a few slum communities adjacent to it, and some less than ideal neighbors but this community is on the absolute cusp of this and although they attract the occasional vagrant (see item 2 below) this is not the fault of the apartment and given the gated community, amenities and the price this fact is absolutely negligible.  The majority of residents are incredible, we know many of our neighbors and they are fantastic professional nice people however there is the occasional bad egg.....unfortunately we have had to make several noise complaints to one particular neighbor who thinks its a great idea to beat his girlfriend at 2 in the morning and then blast hip hop with his sub woofer....one bag egg doesn't spoil the bunch as management has been great about trying to help resolve it.....point of this is the walls are a bit thinner than I had hoped and the hardwood floors allow noise to carry a bit further. Something to be aware of if you want the beauty of hardwood (and dust bunnies).For the good, you cannot beat how immaculate the grounds are kept, how fast the maintenance team takes care of any problem (with a smile which goes a long way), and the condition of the gym and common areas.  I have never been to a gym that had such well maintained equipment and smelled so clean (I hope they have stock in glade plug ins).Overall the management, maintenance, and community care about these apartments and don't think of it as a just a job.  They are receptive to their residents and make positive changes that you can see the very next month many times.The location is excellent only minutes into Scottsdale and Arcadia, as well as only a quick jump to ASU and Tempe.  My commute to ASU was less then when I lived three miles closer by Tempe Marketplace.Overall this is a great community and I am confident if they keep going this way some of the issues that seem to have plagued them in the past judging from other negative reviews will dissipate.We have been here close to a year, we have friends who have been here 3 years and we plan on staying for quite some time.
5	Just a quick update.  A year after moving out I had a PayPal package delivered to my old address, and not only were the staff able to trace it and contact the resident to get it back, they stuck it next day mail for me at no cost.  Truly above and beyond customer service even after I left.Again take note this place is awesome.
5	I very much enjoy the property. It's an awesome area. Very close to the freeway, close to downtown, old town and Arcadia. There's a Target, Costco, Frys and Ross nearby. I moved in here in Jan of this year and really like it. The grounds are kept very nicely. My area is nice and clean and so is the entire property and there's a very nice dog park that is kept clean! I love it here bc everyone is nice and the office is very helpful. Whenever I put in for a maintenance problem, it's fixed quickly!! Parking is great. The pool looks nice, I just haven't been.  It's a very nice area and I enjoy it here. I'll be here for a lot longer.
5	Lived here for 5 months now and have had NO problems here.  The staff is super friendly and I feel like they'd readily solve any problems I may possibly have in the future.  Even before I moved here,  they were very helpful!My neighbors are pretty nice as well.  The people above me are kinda loud but that's kinda how it is anywhere you go.  Haven't had any problems with any of my neighbors, but I could just be lucky, haha!   Any little issues I had with my apartment have all been solved within 72 hours. Love this place so much!! They have cute little community events like pool parties and they leave you cute little notes and stuff during holidays.  It is run by a family and it definitely feels like it.  :) I'm late-night swimmer and the pool is open 24 hours, so if I feel like going for a late night dip I have it available to me!!  Haven't had any issues with parking.  I don't even need to use my reserved one!  Just very satisfied in general.  I really like how my apartment looks.  The kitchen is adorable.Absolutely recommend and am thinking about extending my year lease! (:
