4	Cheap, tasty noodle concoctions are served up in decent-sized portions in this apparently national chain.  With most everything available vegetarian, the low prices and friendly service at this little strip-mall establishment made my lunch memorable.  When will Noodles & Company come to California, where I live?
2	Just mediocre. Essentially it's a pasta version of Panera. Which means strip mall dining with premeasured components. Pad Thai style noodles with tofu lacked flavor - the pre-measured sauce was already weak to begin with. Vegetables and tofu were fresh, though. A bowl of "spicey" penne pasta in an also bland tomato sauce with cheese and herbs needed seasoning. There are better and cheaper choices for all the regional elements just down the street, so may as well try those out instead.
1	Gross.  Went to Noodles for lunch on a Saturday, place was not busy.Bathroom was disgusting.  Dirty floor and wet.  No paper towels.  Smelled.Plates and bowls (all of them) were chipped.  Not sanitary.
2	The service was spot on. I was taking my food to go and they got my order right along with a place setting. So no eating with my fingers this time; which is a nice change.I use to always get the mac and cheese with extra cheese an extra meat. It was my one guilty....really guilty pleasure in my stop over here. For some reason it just was not hitting the spot with me. It use to hae this really creamy cheese sauce that went with it and of course topped with shredded cheese. I got back to my hotel, putting the bag of yum on the floor board with the heat blasted to make sure my yum stayed warm and gooey....but then...I get back to my room open up the lit to start the hunt for my goo...where was it!!!!! Frankly it was nowhere to be found. That is right, it is as if they boiled some elbow macaroni slapped it in a bowl, threw some meat and cheese on the top and called it a day.So disappointing that I skipped my mac an cheese and moved on to the rice krispy hunk that I got; which was hard as a rock. Very disappointing. The good news is it kept me from wracking up an insane amount of calories because frankly it just was not worth it.
1	I won't be returning. Today, I picked up an order for my friend and I. They read back the order and it was exactly what it should be, but when I got to work, they had not put a rice krispie bar in even though they charged us for it. Additionally, my Japanese Pan noodle bowl left much to be desired. The carrots were uncooked (even though they were supposed to be) and "topped with cilantro" means one slimy spring of cilantro with 2 leaves on it. My friend's pasta was burnt. Burnt! While I like Noodles & Company in general, this location is lacking.
4	I always use the on-line ordering. Simple and easy. Cuts down on wait time. I dig their thai curry soup. Nice and zesty.
4	Preatty good we go between games or whenever we tired of out schedule and no willing to cook it's always good service
4	Amazing restaurant. In expensive. Great location. And a nice place for a family to come and eat lunch. It is similar to a fast food place with a combination of a restaurant. Th food tastes great and the service is descent. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone whose in a hurry.
2	Would be so much better if they did not cook the cheap pasta into mush. I want to like it,  tried to get them to cook Al dante, but they refused. That makes them a Fast food outlet, no more. Better option would be Sala Thai.
