5	Dr Lam was recommended to me by a friend when they noticed I was sitting about 6 inches away from my computer screen as I typed. Since this friend rarely steers me wrong (although there was this one time...but that's a story for another time) I thought I would put that vision insurance that I was paying for and never using to good use.Glad I did, Visiting Dr Lam and Eye Care North was a great experience. The office has a friendly modern vibe and you could tell a lot of care and personality were thrown into the place.. unlike some other Dr. offices that seem to only use different colors of blah on everything. Dr Lam was super friendly with me and took a lot of time to answer all my questions, even the dumb ones like "why is not being able to see near you considered far-sighted?" and other life mysteries I needed solving.  They had a great selection of eye wear for men including Tom Ford, Calvin Klein, Gucci (who knew they made men's glasses? Not I) and Lacoste. For ladies, I think I saw some fancy Tiffany glasses and others but I didn't pay that much attention.I ended up picking up a pair of Tom Ford sunglasses and a new set of prescription lenses with the fancy Blu-tech treatment, which I completely recommend for anyone who is on a computer regularly.All in all it was a great experience and I can't recommend her or the office enough. I'll definitely be back again!
5	Really nice office, friendly staff, a good variety of eyeglass wear & sunglasses, and very organized. I love my new glasses! Would definitely recommend anyone to get an eye exam and maybe glasses or sunglasses :) Take care of your eyes now.
5	Dr. Lam provided me with the most comprehensive eye exam that I have ever had in my entire life. I've had poor eyesight since i was young, so I always appreciate someone who makes the extra effort with my annual check ups. I had some trouble with allergies and itchy eyes, so she made some great recommendations with other contact lenses, eye solution and drops, along with samples for me to try. I rarely get dilated, but this time I went for it. I'm glad I did because Dr. Lam was so thorough and picked up on something important to monitor. I trust Dr. Lam fully and have recommended her to my family and friends. She has great taste in eyewear too, so I just bought a new pair of Michael Kors frames to show off.
5	I've been pretty good at getting my eyes checked every 2 years or so since finding out in the 8th grade that I was nearsighted.  I decided to try out Eye Care North since it was so close to my home.  The office was charming and the staff was super friendly.  I had a very comprehensive eye exam from Dr. Lam and was dilated for the first time in my life!  How did my past optometrist never dilate me before?  Or even asked??  I learned so much about the health of my eyes!  The very knowledgeable optician helped me find THE perfect frames.  I've never loved a pair of glasses so much!  I would definitely recommend Eye Care North and the great staff!!
5	This is a new office located very close to my home and when I heard about it, I figured it was about time to get my eyes checked. Dr. Lam was extremely thorough and answered each question I asked with great detail.  She also answered questions that I had in my head but hadn't actually asked yet.  The actual office/store is very inviting and has a great selection of modern and more traditional frames.
5	Dr. Lam was very professional, patient, and informative. She took the time to listen to my eye care needs and educate me on the importance of eye care health including prevention. There is a great selection of frames and the clinic is clean, modern, and comfortable. The opticians have been very helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable going out of their ways to make sure I left happy. My visits have felt customized, and I feel valued as a patient/customer.
5	I am so glad I found this place.  I Haven't had my eyes looked at for awhile and I am pretty messed up physically.  Julie made me feel very comfortable and made sure I knew everything that she was doing.  She even went into depth about the inner workings of the eye.  She is very kind and so is the front desk staff.  I would highly recommend visiting them!
5	I really like this place and Dr. Lam and her staff are very friendly and professional.  Dr. Lam diagnosed me with astigmatism which no other eye doctor ever mentioned to me in the past 20 plus years that I have had contacts. I tried the new contacts and I realized I have had blurry vision up until that point.   I have had almost daily mild headaches and neck pain for years, which I have always attributed to my work and dehydration.  With my new contacts, my headaches and neck pain have disappeared and have stayed away.    I never realized it could have bee attributed to incorrect lens prescription in the past.  I am so happy that Dr. Lam was able to correct this - I wish I had seen her sooner!
5	My husband and I are delighted to have found Dr. Lam and Chris, the Optician, at Eye Care North in Cave Creek.After terrible experiences at a large Scottsdale eye practice, the care, professionalism and technical expertise we experienced with Dr. Lam and with Chris far exceeded our expectations.Thanks to Dr. Lam's expert eye exam, my husband was finally given a correct prescription and was able to be fitted for a new pair of glasses. Chris has a great eye for what looks best and the frames he chose for my husband are excellent.We highly recommend the quality services of Dr. Lam and Chris.
5	Dr. Julie Lam and her staff are truly amazing!  I had been going to Target Optical because I had never really had any major issues and didn't see the need to pay more.  I started to experience dry eyes at night and a friend recommended Dr. Lam.  When I called, Chris was friendly and professional.  They are conscious of their impact on the environment so all forms are online. During my appointment, Dr. Lam explained everything she was doing along with reasons why. She has a wonderful demeanor - calm, confident and engaging.  She speaks to you like you are her equal, her friend. Chris is a master at helping select glasses that work for your face and preferences. And when you go to pick up your glasses, they give you a little bottle of cleaner (not unusual) that you can come back and refill any time it runs out - free of charge (unusual!).  And they give you a lovely piece of Ghiradelli chocolate too!The office is immaculate, simple and modern.  I highly recommend Eye Care North - they make me want to come back more often.  (Too bad I can't find a dentist like this!)
5	Dr. Lam & Chris are absolutely fantastic, and I definitely will continue to use Eye Care North and recommend them to others. The facility is new, bright, and most importantly feels very clean and has modern technology. Dr. Lam was so nice and never made me feel like I was taking (and failing) an exam. She explained everything and I feel very confident in her ability to spot and diagnose problems. Chris was also very nice, taking the time to help me pick out frames and made great suggestions based on things I liked. I love that I can schedule my appointment online and fill out my patient form ahead of time, making the process to go in and get out very efficient. Chris also made sure I knew what my coverage was for the exam based on my insurance ahead of time, which I appreciated very much. When I went back in to pick up my glasses, they greeted me by name and were so friendly and helpful, and even included a little treat. Eye Care North definitely defines what great customer service is.The only thing that I had a hard time with was understanding the cost of my glasses, and I'm sure this is half due to insurance companies being hard to understand. VSP states typical co-pays on their website for all the different "add ons" like polarized, polymer, UV protection, etc. but Eye Care North groups it all together into various packages that include "free UV protection, scratch resistance, etc.". I ended up being really confused on what I needed and why it all ended up costing so much, which is partly due to my own lack of research but also partly due to the fact that Eye Care North groups it all together into lens packages without a breakdown. So I recommend people new to needing glasses to do some research ahead of time on what you really need and then come in prepared to be shocked at how much lenses cost even with insurance :)
5	I have been in the optical/opthalmic biz for 30 years.  Dr. Lam is very good, very honest in her exam and cares to get it perfect!  I wish I could compliment the optical department but the selection lacks variety and the optician Chris is argumentative.  I have gone back twice to look at frames and was never approached. Once was during a trunk show.    Also, there isn't anything for either my husband or myself.  Seems to be geared towards young trendy people.   I will drive back to the other side of town to get my glasses and exam since it is only once a year.  I was hoping for something close but since I have been in the business, I know what should be available to patients.
5	I decided to check out Eye Care North when my son came home, from school, with a note that stated he needed his eyes checked.  I didn't want to travel too far since I always have my 1 1/2 year old with me.  On the day I came in, there was an event going on where I was immediately greeted by Dr. Lam.  She set up our appointment quickly.  We stayed for a bit and I submitted my name for a raffle.  One week later, to my surprise, I was picked for the grand prize.  I received a brand new pair of designer glasses.  This was unexpected but truly fantastic.  I had never had glasses like this before.  Chris was very knowledgeable and friendly, and he made sure my son felt comfortable with his new glasses.  All I all, it has been a great experience and I am highly recommending Dr. Lam and her team.
2	Dr. Lam was very kind and professional. I left the exam in good spirits and was prepared to order my new glasses. I met with the new assistant (who was in training) and she was also very kind and helpful. We finally reached a price and I mentioned these lenses were more expensive than the previous ones I purchased from another eye clinic. However, I agreed and we went to the checkout desk where I prepared to order my new glasses. This is when a very unpleasant guy named "Chris" came into the room and stuck a Post-It note right under my chin as I sat there at the checkout desk with the assistant. After I mentioned how much more expensive these glasses were compared to the previous eye clinic I visited, "Chris" apparently went into another room and claims he called the clinic and that their prices were the same. This is the note he stuck down in front of me (like an irritated teacher would to a student). His mannerisms were very condescending and his attitude rued. He slid the note under my chin and then just stood there silent staring at me as if he was trying to 'show me' or 'prove a point'. The new assistant (who you could tell was uncomfortable and embarrassed by his actions) proceeded to take my debit card when he immediately said; "No, maybe he wants to go home and call them himself". !!! I couldn't believe it. This is when he almost went from rued to combative. I sat there almost shocked (not expecting to be ambushed by such a jerk). I didn't even know what to say. I paid for the exam only and left. I noticed when I first came in to the clinic that he was high strung and later when he was explaining some of the lenses to me (along with the assistant), I could also tell that he had an intolerance for questions or feedback and was easily agitated. However, I had no idea how big of a jerk he was until he slid that note under my chin and started making rued comments. When I got home, I retrieved my receipts from the previous eye clinic and I was correct the whole time. They were close to 300 dollars higher for the exact same lenses. Whatever scribbles he had on his little note were obviously BS. All in all, this could have been a good experience if not for that jerk who should never be allowed to interact with customers. Some people do not have the right temperament for dealing with the public and he is one of those people. I assume he is somehow tied to this business through marriage or family. If they're smart, they would phase him out of the front office and put him somewhere away from the public (or he should phase himself out). I'm sure I'm not the first customer they have lost due to his attitude (and I can assure you I won't be the last).I would like to give more stars based on my experience with Dr. Lam alone, but after being treated like that in her clinic, I just can't do it.
2	Response to Dr. Lam:When comparing your estimate to my old receipts, I added any additional or specialty features your lenses had to my old bill. After adding those additional costs to my old lenses, there was still a 300+ dollar difference (and that's even after the 20% discount your office gave me).However, that's not the real issue. I was going to pay for the lenses anyway (for the sake of convenience). The issue was behavior (as I outlined below), not price. Also, out of the few reviews here, I'm not the only one who has experienced his bad behavior. Another described him as "argumentative" as well. That should make you wonder how many more incidents like this are out there which have not been reported. That said, I appreciate your willingness to make any needed changes and I wish you good luck with your clinic.
