4	Like Coffee Etc, only  better. That's pretty much all you need to know about this place. They offer the same wraps as next door, with all the same yummy fillings like baba ghanoush, avocado, humus, chicken (which, by the way, makes a surprisingly good combination!) but the prices in here are more reasonable. Not that Coffee Etc is anywhere near expensive, but every little helps when you're a student!The other big plus point about this place is that it has a downstairs seating area as well as the 3 or 4 tiny little tables upstairs. Which means that, unlike Coffee Etc between 12-3pm, you might stand a chance of getting somewhere to sit.The baklava here's amazing too, and if you get one of the gorgous cartons of Rubicon Mango juice you ca kid yourself that it counts as one of your 5-a-day and so off-sets the sticky flaky baklava goodness.  Or at least that's what I convince myself every time I go.
4	During one of my many free lunch hours at the University of Edinburgh, a friend and I decided to try this East African cafe by day/restaurant by night! Hailing from West Africa myself, I've hardly had the chance to try authentic cuisine from East Africa and I'm sad to say I'm still waiting; reason being that the Nile Valley offers a great lunch time menu, craftily mixing the standard student lunch (salads, wraps, sandwiches) with some Middle Eastern elements. For all other falafel enthusiasts out there, their wrap is phenomenal and definitely rivals Palmyra's. The other wraps I've tried, such as the chicken and avocado, do not disappoint, and the interior definitely complements the theme of the restaurant; African maps, art and pictures for the wandering eye! Leaving ground level for the basement is quite exciting, but the theme is pretty much the same, save for the added darkness which makes it even cosier. Students, businessmen etc frequent this place at lunch time, but I'm still very curious to try their dinner menu!
4	One of the tastiest places for lunch in Edinburgh - I go for a spicy chicken wrap with falafel and aubergine... (although the wraps have shrunk significantly over the last two years...!) Dinner - no no. Been there several times and although its byob and therefore frequented by intrepid students, the food is poor and overpricedBasically, 5 stars for lunch, 3 stars for dinner!
5	One of the many things I miss about Edinburgh. Great food. Friendly staff.Their wraps are especially delicious. I can't speak for dinner entrees because I'd mostly go there for lunch, but those wraps were just YUM! Terrific place, and right across the street from the George Square buildings.
4	Reading the lunchtime reviews of Nile Valley are making my mouth water. I've only been in for dinner, and I found it to be a very pleasurable experience. I'm a big fan of this type of cuisine: if there's hummus, aubergines, and lamb then count me in. And if it's BYOB even better. Nile Valley ticks all of these boxes, and is therefore firmly on my roster of places to get a good dinner with friendly service in Edinburgh. The staff are very accommodating and will even find you a table during the festival. The last time I visited there was a minor issue with our starter not arriving on time; the manager personally came out to apologise to us, and we were given it for free. Very different treatment to certain fine dining institutions.
5	Lunchtime wraps are so cheap and delicious. Love their toasted Khobz bread and if you're a veg/vegan they have a huge selection of everything scrummy. Great service and a fun place to eat!
4	This is one of my friend's favourite eateries, and I've been here with him twice, both times for lunch. Both times I had an Africa Wrap - a speciality of the house - I liked it so much the first time I had a second one!Because the wraps here are made from garam flour, they are gluten free! The Africa Wrap had beans, feta, falafel and salad, and it was toasted. It was also the biggest wrap I've ever seen in my life. spicy sauce was optional (I had it the first time but not the second since it was a bit hot for me - recommended for people who like their food to have a kick tho!)The falafel on offer here is the best falafel I've had. This is high-fibre, high-taste food, it's filling, it's healthy, and it's delicious. Such a rare combination! It's also great for vegetarians. They also have lovely tea. It's unlike any I've had elsewhere (I think it's Sudanese tea but I'm unsure) and I drink it in massive quantities when I go here. The price is cheap, extremely cheap for edinburgh and for the amount of food you get for your buck. It's properly authentic food, and it's one of the few times a mad carnivore like me has really, really enjoyed vegetarian fayre. Recommended.
4	Another of my favourite Edinburgh eateries when I'm working in the area. I most often grab-and-run, as the Nile Valley does a brilliant take-away falafel and hummus wrap at a very reasonable price.However this time, having more time to relax, I opted to sit in and tried one of their main vegetarian dishes. For the life of me I can't remember exactly what it was called, but it was something like 'Fuul Molousha' and according to the menu it's a staple of Sudanese cuisine. It was basically a large plate of a hot brown bean stew with salad accompaniment and some flat bread on the side. Simple and basic, not too inspiring, but tasty enough and under a tenner. At first glance, it seems rather small in here, but there is a much larger area downstairs. The vibe is chilled, the staff smiling and friendly, and there's some cool Afro beats playing in the background, so you can't help tapping your feet to the rhythm and leaving with a smile on your face.
