3	This place is inside the Las Vegas Hilton, just next door to Benihana's. The food was okay - nothing special - except teh pot stickers. They were exceptional. Crisped so that they blistered. Loved them. Frankly, they moved the place up from 2 stars to three. It is a bit pricey - but then, Vegas is pricey.
4	Garden of the Dragon recently opened for lunch hour.  I've eaten here three times in the past month.Appetizer - I always get the sweet & sour cucumbers.  There's just enough chili pepper in them to give it a nice kick.  The pork potstickers are excellent as well.  Kimchee is offered on the menu, but I'm not a fan....so I have no opinion of that dish.Entree - I usually get the vegetable fried rice.  It's not the best I've ever eaten, but it's good.Dessert - I rarely get dessert here, but on my last visit I got a Mango Sorbet.  It was served on a dish and the server brought me a spoon to eat it with....which was very difficult because the hard texture made digging into it with a spoon challenging.  In the end, I used a fork to eat it.
3	so we went into this place because the wait for Benihanas was like 2 hours, not doable when you are hungry and coming down froma buzz. Honestly it was pretty good. we got there about 30 minutes to closing (which was fairly early), so you could kinda tell they were trying to rush a little. The food was good and are server was trying to be as polite as possible and not too pushy, which I respected. SHe was very good at making sure we got everything we needed in a timely manner. was much better than I expected. if we go back, we will try to go earlier so we can get the full effect.
3	(located in the Hilton)Eh, I am not the biggest fan of Chinese food, having grown up eating all that delicious food my entire life. This was our 10pm dinner, and we were too hungry and tired after a long day at CES to venture off to better things, so we settled here.Highlights: sauteed eggplants and the pepper spared ribs.
5	Great Chinese food. Totally unexpected, fresh and well prepared. Great service and ambience.
4	Good fast pleasant service, good food. Pad Thai could use less egg and more shrimp and vegi's. Not the best ever but most definitely fine for lunch. Grilled dumping appetizers was very good with a nice sauce.
4	My wife and I visited this restaurant on 9/10/2011 for dinner.  Overall, we were quite impressed!However, it was not a fantastic start.  For an appetizer, we ordered basically crab ragoon (they call it something different).  We were not impressed.  There was barely any filling at all.However, for entrees, my wife had the Peking Duck and I had the General Tso's.  Both were absolutely excellent!  Plus, you got a great deal of food and definitely did not go away hungry.  The service was fantastic and incredibly fast!The dessert we had (some type of coconut ice cream cake) was delicious as well; very light but very good.For about 1/2 the price of Benihana, we had an excellent meal and an excellent experience.
4	The food was excellent.  The service was efficient.  This resturant is now on my favorits list.  The portions were huge and the fried rice was as good as any I have ever had.
