4	Some welcome color to a pretty corporate part of town.  It is not your typical ethnic restaurant full of provincial kitsch.  While it does have a lot of the Peruvian classics it is pulled off with a modern and fresh flair.  The price point is a little high for lunch but the experience is unique enough to merit the added cost.
1	Overpriced, flavorless cuisine.Cute dining room, but that's all they have going for them right now.Side note: there is nothing that I hate more than a restaurant recommending the most expensive item on the menu when asking for suggestions. I find that practice to be deceptive and of poor taste. I realize that a restaurant is in business to make money. However there is a fine line between that and gaining my trust and acceptance.The portion I got for what I paid was ridiculously small and completely flavorless. I ordered take out and sat at the bar and was not even offered a beverage while I waited for my order to be ready. I guess you cannot teach people to be hospitable...you either are by nature or you're not.I was very excited about this concept when I saw it was coming in the promenade. The owners of the restaurant have lots of work to do if they want to succeed in the finicky Scottsdale dining market.
5	I am an avid lover of Peruvian food and have been deeply disappointed with the offerings in the Phoenix area... Until today. The atmosphere was great - clean, modern with a Peruvian flair. We started with their homemade Chicha Morada (a drink made from purple corn) and Papa a la huancaina (boiled egg and potato with a chili infused cheese sauce). Both were made with quality ingredients and both delicious. My buddy ordered Lomo Saltado (a meet and fries dish) and commented that he didn't need a knife to cut the meat because it was so tender. I ordered the Aji de Gallina (chicken in a creamy chili sauce with potato and rice) and was pleased again with the texture, flavor and quality of the dish. Overall, I have found my new favorite dining spot... I can't wait to come back.
4	I'm so excited that there is something other than Mexican food on this side of town!The interior is bright and modern-with a super friendly staff.There was live music on a Saturday night, which was really fantastic.The restaurant was packed, which made for very slow service..but we were fine with waiting.I had an Inca cola, which is one of my absolute favorite south american sodas.I had the Pollo Saltado...a chicken and fries dish with rice..fantastically seasoned.My husband had the arroz tapado,which was rice, then a layer of steak, and another layer of rice. He wasn't as excited..he felt the slices of steak were very small, which left him wanting more flavor.We munched on a corn kernel appetizer which escapes my memory, but it was roasted and salted..very tasty.The hostess and owners checked on everyone's tables, which is a nice touch also.Definitely a place to return to!
3	My wife (Colombian) has wanted to go eat here for a while now and we just got around to it last week before Christmas. The atmosphere is inviting and the staff are ultra firendly. My wife ordered the Ceviche and thought is was spectacular. I ordered the Lomo Saltado and it was pretty good. The quality of the food was great, but mine was a little lacking in flavor. I would definitely try it again as it was a good experience. The pricing is reasonable, maybe a touch on the expensive side as the portions are not bad, but in my case there was much more rice and vegetables than meat on my plate.  Give it a try and you will most likely be happy with the experience.
2	I was very excited when I saw the 'Coming Soon' sign prior to their opening and was looking forward to dining here. I have been there twice now, and do not intend on going back. The food is not bad, but overall, my experience was unsatisfactory.Not only are they overpriced, but they are stingy. I absolutely hate restaurants who charge a fortune, but have little to offer. Both times I came, I ordered the 1/2 'Pollo a la Brasa'; the second time, they did not give me fries. I was told that they no longer offer fries with the meal. Not only is this false advertising on the menu, but this just shows how cheap they are. How expensive are potatoes??Please don't order the Yuca fries. The $6 order comes with 5 fries, literally. If you are willing to pay over a dollar for a 2-inch fried potato, then by all means go for it.The waitress I had was impatient and gave me all sorts of strange looks each time I tried to get her attention. When I asked for sauce for the chicken (which should have come with it), she looked at me as If I was absolutely insane. If it were not for my co-worker treating, I would have made sure the server received minimal tip.I do not intend on going back to support a business like this one.
5	As a Colombian it is always to find places like this around town. Going inside for the first time was great the whole environment of the restaurant just feels really good. The people that work in there are really friendly and outgoing, they know what we go in there for but still give everyone that extra kindness that costumers love. Food is completely amazing and prices are accordant to what you get.Overall is an excellent restaurant that I would share and go over and over again!
5	This restaurant was fantastic all around. Jenny my server was fantastic fast accommodating and well rounded host. Along with the utmost of cuisine the food was fantastic  and delicious. If you have never been you must go. You will have a good time. With the food and the service how can you miss out.
5	Great service, ambiance, and food. We stumbled upon this place and it has now become one of our favorite restaurants in Arizona. We had the Lomo Saltado and Papa Relleno and all we could say was "yummmmm" in between every bite. We recommend this to everyone!
4	I have been wanting to go to a Peruvian restaurant for a while now.  I grew up in Ecuador (borders with Peru) and when I was young I used to swim.  One of my swim meets was in Lima, Peru, so I got to experience their wonderful cuisine.  When fellow yelper Scott D. and my hubby set up a double date, I suggested we try this place.  Scott and his charming wife Tessie, joined us this week at Inca's.  I ordered a Pisco Sour, the typical peruvian drink, its in between a margarita and a moijo, without  mint.  It was on spot.   We enjoyed a Ceviche Mixto as a table appetizer.  It was very nice.  It had a kick to it.  Of course, I had the Aji de Gallina.  This is one of my favorite peruvian dishes and they didn't disappoint. My hubby had the Carapulcra, very tasty.  For dessert I had the alfajores, the Dulce de Leche filling was exactly how I remember it.  Yes, it is not cheap, but there are not many cheap places in North Scottsdale, so I was not too surprised.  I will definitely be back.
5	I love it! This is the first good peruvian restaurant in Phx . Food and the atmosphere  were great. I definitely planning to go back and have a great time again.
3	Firstly, I'm very glad that there is a new cuisine to try out in this part of town . Inca's just opened a couple of months back in the Scotsdale Promenade and I went there for a Sunday lunch with my friend. I am not an expert on Peruvian cuisine so cannot comment on the authenticity of the food. I had the Chicken Saltado which was very good and flavorful. My friend tried the Picante de Meriscos which is like a sea food platter. That one was a little bland for me. The corn kernel that they give to much on while you wait for your food are quite good and addictive. For dessert we had the Alfajores which are basically 2 biscuits joined together with Carmel which is also very soft and delicious. The ambience is nice but the food is not as 'oh! Wow!' for the price. I will however give it another shot so I can try  something else on the menu before finally decide whether it's the cuisine or the restaurant. But in the spirit of trying, give it a shot.
5	From the moment we entered Inca we were in heaven.  The roasted corn, imported Peruvian beer and Pisco Sour were the perfect start. We ordered the sauteed hearts, beef with potato, and the AMAZING CHEVICHE !!!!!!!!! Finally, Scottsdale has a unique, authentic culinary choice. The chef was trained at The Cordon Bleu of Lima. He has honed his skills at preparing exotic combinations and layers of flavors. Inca delivers a tasty flavor blend of many cultural influences. (including french, indian, chinese, african, spanish, japanese...from 4 continents)  It's time to try SOMETHING NEW !!!! Raphael will help you get settled in right away.If your scared start with lunch or happy hour. And then you'll be dreaming of cheviche.Pisco Sour is made with a Peruvian liquor.....Pisco Sour is hands down better than any basic margarita the valley offers. TRY ONE
4	Good food, good drinks, good live music and you've got a good place for a dinner out. We didn't expect it to be so busy since it's located in the Promenade shopping plaza but the place was poppin' and the music was lively. Service is good too - not lightning fast but that's okay since it allows time to enjoy being out and listening to the music. We had a chicken dish and seafood dish recommended by the server. Both items were excellent! I also tried a chicha morada drink and it was yummy. Plus, the owner of this place is really sweet and makes sure everyone is enjoying their evening. Overall, a really good choice for going out for dinner and a little ambience.
3	I went here for dinner because I love Peruvian Cuisine and haven't had it since I moved here from Los Angeles. The good was good , nothing wrong with it . The prices however are ridiculous considering how small the portions are , not even big enough to share if you chose to. I know the rent must be high, but I feel bad for restaurants like this. If they last a year , I will be utterly shocked.  Never again for me , unless the lower the prices to what is considered reasonable.
2	Inca's is a very frustrating restaurant.  From the moment you step through the door, you want it to be very good.  Like a beautiful woman, Inca's keeps throwing out hints that it is something special, but it seldom lives up to its promises.You drive up to a small restaurant in a large outdoor shopping mall, and you think "this is going to be a neighborhood dining experience."  Then you open the door, and notice that the dining area is clean and attractive, and there are quality tableclothes and nice chairs.  So you revise your thinking: "this is going to be a fine dining experience."  Then you see the huge bar stocked with the Peruvian Pisco liquor and almost nothing else, and the big screen TVs showing sporting events.  Now you don't know what to think.They give you a small bowl of roasted corn -- and it's delicious.  The menu looks classy, and the prices are consistent with a fine dining establishment.  Your mouth starts to water.  Everything sounds good but eventually you decide and give the waiter your order.  In our case this was one appetiser and two main courses.  A minute later he returns -- he forgot the order.  Then you wait.  Other tables get their food and it looks delicious.  You are a bit frustrated because the roasted corn is gone and you haven't gotten your appetiser and you're hungry, but it will be worth it -- right?Wrong!  Our appetiser finally came, 35 minutes after ordering.  We ordered a beef tamal.  Our server brought it but informed us that they don't have beef tamals -- this one is chicken.  It turns out that it didn't matter.  There was literally one piece of chicken, the size of an olive, and about a teaspoon of a mixture that could have been onions and tomato.  The rest was corn (masa).  You might be a bit disappointed -- we were, but we gave it a taste.  It was very good.  But it was just corn meal.  After a few bytes, we desparately wanted that chicken or indeed any savory filling.  How frustrating!Five minutes after the appetiser, the main courses arrived.  Apparently the chef believes in totally finishing one ticket before starting the next.  It makes for a very poorly paced meal.  We were really hoping for something tasty.  Mine was a minced beef dish served between two slabs of white rice -- sort of a picadillo sandwich.  The beef filling was tasty and a perfect foil for the rice.  Too bad there was so lilttle of it.  I ended up frustrated again.  This could have been really good if they had served enough beef filling.  As it was, I ate rice for dinner.  My wife had the lamb shank.  It was an average sized portion, but very fatty and not well prepared.  Almost inedible.  The beans were bland.  The fried yucca was starchy; it need spices and more frying time.Others have complained about the prices, but these are reasonable for a fine dining establishment.  Too bad the dining isn't fine.  My advice to the owners -- I know every restaurant wants to keep their food costs down to around 25%, but you have cut yours to about 6% and that just won't do.  Your food, mostly, has great potential, if you would only serve some of it.
5	Totally enjoyed my birthday dinner at Inca's on Thursday. Fatima was charming and our waiter was very attentive, even if he moved like the Energizer bunny! Food was delicious - the PISCO PORTON (very yummy!), the CEVICHE MIXTO and the Shrimp bisque soup (CHUPO DE CAMRONES) were all perfect. So were all the other dinners. Have to go back. Prices no worse than other moderate-upscale places in the area. Nice change of pace! Hope they stick around. Nice atmosphere too.
4	I was delighted to find Inca and have my first taste of Peruvian food.   As others have mentioned, the Ceviche is excellent (a very large serving), and the Pisco Sours are smooth and delicious.  The owners have done a nice job of turning a standard strip mall location into an inviting atmosphere, with Peruvian table cloths, nicely designed menus, good lighting, and an open kitchen.   I am a pretty demanding diner, and don't give 4 stars lightly, but I'd like to see these folks stay around and add some new flavor to the otherwise bland Scottsdale dining scene.   If you're open to something a little different, Inca is definitely worth your time.
5	I just got back from a cruise that stopped in 5 ports in Peru where we sampled some amazing food.. While driving down Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd after a day of shopping with friends.. We passed a Peruvian restaurant.. We just had to stop, so we made a long U-turn and made our way back to the restaurant..I had to introduce my friend to Peruvian food.. In a nutshell, she loved it as much as I do.We arrived at about 3ish and the place was basically empty. 2 guys at the bar. It was clean with the feeling of a Peruvian Restaurant in Lima (sort of) Pictures of Machu Pichu on the walls and yes a big screen TV with a game of soccer playing..  We didn't want to eat an entire full meal so opted for a couple of appetizer. Our server Marco, was extremely informative and helped to explain the different type of foods they had. He had brought with him roasted corn that we nibbled as we talked. We ordered  Papa Rellena (potato stuffed with ground meat) and Anticuchos (Meat skewers). They both arrived at the same time and with 2 extra plates. Both had this amazingly flavorful "salsa" (not really salsa but similar) and was presented in a modern upscaled way. Both dishes were freshly made and seasoned just right with a hint of heat, and totally different from each other. I know we didn't order alot but we had such a pleasant experience we decided the next time we are in Scottsdale with the guys (husbands) we would come here for dinner!! Peru is becoming the culinary capital of South America and for good reason. Their food is fresh, exciting, flavorful, beautiful to look at and of course delicious.  Inca is a great way to get a taste of Peru without the added traveling expense..
2	This place is a double carb load!  Every meal is made with a potato in it and served with rice.  No vegetables here, well I guess unless you count the potatoes.
5	Peruvians claim the 'Pisco Sour' as their national beverage and if you've never had one, you might want to sample one of these bad boys.After all, why not?You'll drink just about anything someone shoves under your nose. Jager.Everclear.You even did keg stands once on a barrel of Tecate, quite possibly the worst beer on the face of the earth. Well it's high time for a change. Come here and order the ceviche, a pisco sour, and about four more pisco sours to wash everything down properly.The ceviche is incomparable...it's simply that good. The piscos?Your new favorite drink.You'll be buzzing like a high-voltage power line when you're ready to leave, signaling how you're not ready to leave. Order a couple more and take up semi permanent residence at the bar. Enjoy the soccer (football) games.Oops. A couple hours just flew by. Now you're a gibbering mess, best suited for crawling into a corner, balling up into a fetal position and rocking back and forth, chanting lyrics from a profoundly stupid Prince song. Alright Mr. 1999, let's go. it's time to have the bartender call a cab.
4	Terrific addition to the neighborhood!  Nice place, charming owner, looking forward to getting the lomo saltdo again.  Bar TVs on Peruvian channels and desportes is a nice touch.  LCD at end of bar displaying a looped commercial was annoying since it was right in my line of sight.
5	I brought the fam in today, chilling on the pisco's this time. No need getting trounced in front of the wife and kids. Ceviche, steak and chicken dishes were fabulous and complimented the Modelo Dark, Inca colas and two lonely piscos. Or maybe it's the other way around, maybe the drinks complimented...oh whatever.And I can't forget the canchas.Peruvian corn nut like snacks, less crunchy and with a whole lot more flavor.Great with pre-dinner drinks.Three flat screens hanging in the bar, all tuned to some kind of Peruvian TV were also very entertaining. Nothing like watching kickboxing during dinner, a loop of Machu Picchu on state run tv, and a latin soap opera. Also, once more I got to practice my Spanish on the highly attentive and very friendly server, who was extremely patient with my Spanish tongue.Dinner for six was $120 before tip. The piscos are 12 bucks each, but you'll only need one for a great buzz. Two will have the family screaming "LOOOOOK  OUT"  as you almost hit not one but two moving cars before winding your way through the parking lot and on out to Frank Lloyd Wright. Driving is such a fucking buzzkill.
5	I just had lunch at Inca's with a coworker. From the moment we entered the restaurant, we felt like a part of the family. The waiter explained they import much of their food from Peru, so it was a very authentic experience. We asked for help deciding & he pointed out the Braised Lamb Shank (tender, delicious) and instead of Diet Coke, Inca Diet Cola (a nice change.)This was more than a meal, it was an experience I look forward to repeating soon.
4	We've eaten here twice - once for lunch and once for dinner.The food is very tasty and the service was fine.  The place is certainly a welcome addition to an area chock-full of boring, regular ole Scottsdale restaurants.If I could give 3.5 stars, I would, though since the restaurant was completely dead each time we've gone and the food, while quite delicious seemed overpriced.We would go back to eat more often if the food was 15-20% less expensive and it would be even nicer if more people visited.
5	Good food, and very warm service!  Plus, they had a band tonight!!Love the Lomo Saltado...I've tried a bunch of other things on other trips, but just wanted to get to the main course tonight.  Everything we've had here has been tasty, and the people who work there are very friendly.  One of my favorite places!
2	The food is very tasty and the service was attentive keep in mind that business was very slow during dinner time .  The place is certainly a welcome addition to an area chock-full of boring, regular ole Scottsdale restaurants. I ordered Ceviche and the  1/2 chicken which was good, but I had better. The prices are a little overpricedWe would go back to eat more often if the food was 15-20% less expensive and it would be even nicer if more people visited.Dinner for two with drinks $ 90.00
4	Spontaneuous stop for lunch today. Nice atmosphere. Enthusiastic service...in a good way. First time for Peruvian food...had the Pescado Chorriano. Very flavorful and well prepared. My only negative is that it was a bit pricey, especially for lunch.
4	Awesome food. Maybe a bit pricey.  Good portion size. Decent atmosphere
4	"First time here and first time to try Peruvian food. It was delicious! Great place, great service, great atmosphere, will be back fir sure! Lomo Saltado was a great suggestion made by our waiter. Salsa band made the evening even more fun!"
3	Work day lunch. First time ever eating peruvian. Staff was friendly and quick. kinda disappoainted when we said no to peruvian beer. "No cervesa?!" :) definitely worth trying out!
5	Once in awhile, I walk into a restaurant and it just as the "it" factor that makes me know I am going to have a good meal.  Inca's was such a place.  Despite being located in an area filled with chain restaurants and corporate offices, once inside and dining, the atmosphere feels more cosmopolitan that if you don't look out the window and see the massive parking lot filled with giant cars, you could be in East Village, NYC.I went there today with two friends who also love good food and food always taste better when eaten in the company of other foodies, esp. if one of them is Peruvian and tell you in details the ingrediants of what you are eating.After perusing the extensive menu, we ordered a pitcher of the  Chichas Morada which is noncarbonated juice made from purple corn cooked with pineapple and apple with a dash of cinnamon and sugar.  100% natural and so refreshing.  We started off our lunch with the Ceviche Mixto which is a fillet of white fish cut into slices, large shrimp, calamari, and red onion cooked by being marinated in Peruvian lime juice mixed with spices.  The portion was large, enough to share between the three of us and it was fresh and mouth watering delicious.  It also came with a piece of Peruvian corn with kernels so large (and I mean the size of a caramel) and meaty without being tough, something I had never had before and it was delicious!From there we ordered the Papa Rellena which are potatoes stuffed with angus beef, anticuchos which are two skewers of grilled tenderloin cubes of beef heart, Ocopa de Camaron and that was delicious as well. It was all delicious!
3	Pros: good portion sizesgreat tasting lomo saltadogreat tasting pisco soursCons: Overpriced!!!!!papa a la huancaina had ice cold potatoesno tallarin verde!!
5	So, I will preface this review with a disclaimer that this is only the 2nd Peruvian restaurant I have ever eaten at. The other one was in San Francisco. With that said, the food here is delicious!! I came here with my sis last summer when I was in town for a visit, and ordered Chicha Morado and fries to go. It was so good, I had to come back for the food! So, this time while visiting AZ again we decided to eat inside. We were greeting warmly and the staff was very friendly. My sister had the shrimp saltado, while I ordered the Chicha Morado and chicken saltado. The chicken was so tender and juicy! My sister enjoyed her shrimp as well. As a Californian, I've been impressed with some of Phoenix/Scottsdale culinary offerings and Inca's is no exception.
5	My wife and I tend to be a bit snobbish about Peruvian restaurants.  Her step-father is Peruvian and we've been to tons of places in LA, Miami, San Fran, etc.  This place, by far, is the absolute BEST Peruvian cuisine we've ever had in our lives.  I say cuisine because it would be insulting to call the masterpieces put in front of you something as simple as 'food.' If you visit Scottsdale, you MUST come here.  And if you already live here, God bless you because you get to eat here whenever you want.
5	Delicious, clean, wholesome, high quality food. The owner, Rafael, is warm and very likable. Try the yucca appetizer for a fun, simple yet very tasty treat!Will definitely be back. This place is never crowded so give it a try!
4	Closed
4	Having traveled to Peru numerous times, I must say that the food here is equal to or better that what is available in Peru. We went there for lunch and went back to have dinner. The owners and wait staff work very hard so that your dinning experience is well worth a visit. Enjoy!!
