5	I went to Eureka! Grill last night with a couple of my friends and the food was amazing! From what the owner told us, the restaurant just opened a few days ago so its not very busy yet but it will be soon!  My friend tried the angus cheddar burger - loved it. And my roommate and I shared the quesadilla and the pear, goat cheese and spicey pecan salad.  Everything was perfectly prepared and the flavors were fantastic!  The manager even gave us a free dessert :)  This is definitely a place I will be coming back to!!
3	This was maybe the only place that we have been able to come with a certain couple of friends of ours and actually get good service!  I think they made friends with the server and owners on a previous visit.  I liked the decor of the place, it was nice without being too nice and the bathroom was really cute.  I really liked the faux lobby area up in the front, good use of space.  Unfortunately, the menu is too Mediterranean for my taste so there weren't a lot of things on the menu that appealed to me so I went with a cheeseburger.  The burger was very large and served on a ciabatta roll.  The burger itself was good, but could have used more seasoning and would have gone from blah to fantastic if they used their BBQ sauce on it.  Just a suggestion.  The fries were absolutely fantastic!  They were perfect.  We also ordered a shrimp appetizer that was served with napa cabbage, some red peppers, and a fantastically sweet and spicy broth/sauce.  I really liked it.  Just another suggestion in case the owners read this: Make a dish that features the shrimp and that sauce and I will definitely be back next time I am in that part of town.  Overall it's a pretty decent restaurant and a nice option for the people that for some reason decided Surprise would be a good place to live.  I hope they have lots of success in their future.
3	For a restaurant in Surprise, I guess I could say that it is pretty good.  I've yet to find anything out there that is quality but this place is close.  They are new and I should cut them some slack but, if you're not ready to serve customers, you shouldn't be open.  We went on a Saturday night and the place was pretty dead.  That's okay, I have no idea how anyone would find it and I'm glad I wasn't driving.  The decor is nice and it is spread out.  The wine selection is pretty good and the menu is well priced.I wasn't feeling sea food or steak (or anything with kalamata olives) so I went with the burger.  Sort of disappointing for a restaurant burger.  It was a good size, it was on a great roll, and had cheese but it had absolutely no flavor.  The meat really wasn't seasoned and it could have used something like BBQ sauce or mushrooms to spice it up.  It was just average.  The fries, on the other hand, had all kinds of spice on them and were full of flavor.  I could totally eat those fries any time of day.I get the feeling we will be back at this place since our friends live right up the road.  If their menu doesn't improve, I'll have to knock them down a star.  Right now though, I'd give them another chance if I was out that way.
3	Not a bad start for a new place. Great atmosphere, but stay away from the ribs.
2	Went here at the suggestion of friends who "heard" it was good... I ding them one star for a limited menu, beef, pork and chicken mostly. Some pasta and apps but it's a heavy menu for sure. The honey prawns were good but a little overcooked. My wife liked the strawberry salad. The salmon was really fishy and we both like salmon and eat it often, something just was missing or it was past fresh. The rice pilaf, salad, and bread were good but not great. The decor was kitchy but, and I'm not being overly critical just stating my experience, this was dominated by the senior crowd. That doesn't matter but perhaps the menu had that audience in mind?It was just ok and a tad over priced for me. Nothing screamed authentic, I think a Carrabas or Rio Mirafe Cafe are better places to eat.
5	Great Food! If you live or are visiting Surprise this and Vouge are the places to eat!
5	Always amazing food and very well poured drinks.
5	Went with another couple.  Service was attentive and thoughful.  We started with an antipasto plate, which was delicious.  It included feta cheese, olives, salami, excellent salad dressing, and great mozzarella cheese.  Our entrees included the trout, which had an excellent, light sauce, great rice pilaf, and perfectly cooked mixed vegetables.  The ribs were tender and cooked to perfection.  The smoked chicken was one of the best tasting chicken dishes we had ever had.  The atmosphere was very relaxing, the prices were reasonable, and we would not hesitate to go back over and over again.
3	We decided to try this place one night in hopes of finding a nice non-chain restaurant to eat at in Surprise.  The service was great.  The food on was only ok.  My husband ordered the burger and he was somewhat disappointed.  The fries were pretty good though.  I ordered a steak and was not impresssed either.  It lacked any flavor.  Will hopefully get better  score next time.
3	We've been looking for this place a few times in the last 3-4 months.  Finally found it on a Thurs eve after a movie.Nice wine selection and those prices were ok. (Full bar)I ordered the seared tuna and it was very tasty, tho I didn't understand the wasabi on the side.  If you're going to offer wasabi, bring soy sauce as well.My wife wanted the seafood linguini but NOT the spicy sauce.  Later, with some prodding, the waitress let us know they can make it non-spicy.  And the menu states they can change any ingredients, since all their sauces are made to order - we just hadn't seen that note.I ordered the Penne Rustica, which was spicy, but not listed as such on the menu.Interim review....good, but previous reviewers have said it...Eureka needs to open the spice drawer.  Other than heavy garlic and lots of kalamata (seeded) olives flavor............Cons - Need spices for flavor - not hot spice, just flavor spice.  Need seafood beyond steelhead trout (which doesn't have much flavor to start with)...how about a nice sea bass?  Chop the olives...too heavy when I'm biting into a whole one.Pros - great service, fair prices and absolutely willing to delete ingredients you can't handle.  Fresh sauces, cooked to your order.  And LOCALLY owned!Stars....here's where I really wish we had 1/2 stars.  I'm going to give it a three, but it could be a whole lot better and I'd really like to give it a four next trip.
4	Great food, friendly fast service overall a great place.  Had the flat iron steak, done to perfection, very tender.  Salads were also very good.  Was a little hard to find, but will be back.
5	Appears to be closed.  A poker place has moved in.
