5	Our family dentist referred us to Dr. Ringer because the teen needed his wisdom teeth extracted.  We arrived at the office 30 minutes before the appointment time to get the paperwork filled out and were then escorted to an exam room at 8:00am, the actual appointment time.  One of the friendly assistants showed us the teen's x-ray where we could see clearly which teeth would be removed.  We then met Dr. Ringer, who came in and went over the procedure with us and answered any questions that we had.  It turns out this is the same dentist who extracted my ex-husband's wisdom teeth in the 1990s, before our son was born.  My ex and I were escorted to another waiting room while our son was whisked away for his oral surgery.  This is a nicely appointed dental office with many rooms and elegant detailing; being an oral surgeon is obviously a good business to be in.  The staff at Dr. Ringer's office all wear the same cool scrubs and they are all very smiley, which is a good thing if being in dentists' office makes one nervous.       About 30 minutes later, another assistant led us back to the recovery area, where our son was still knocked out from the anesthesia, but he had a blanket covering him and he was snoozing in a comfy looking La-Z-Boy.  The assistant reiterated the instructions for the food that the teen could and could not eat for the next week, as well as the prescriptions we'd need to fill, etc.  My son wanted me to film him coming out of anesthesia, so I had the Flip video cam ready, but he didn't do anything exciting like scream, curse, or cry-- boring.  So, my ex went and got the car while one of the assistants and I helped the teen walk in his dazed state to the vehicle.   A day later, the teen is tired of eating soft foods "like an old person" but he doesn't really have any pain and his cheeks don't even look like those of a chipmunk; I wish Dr. Ringer had been my oral surgeon when I had my wisdom teeth out.  I highly recommend him--his operation is a well-oiled machine.
5	I had to get my wisdom teeth out and I got a referral from my dentist's office to go to three other surgeons and Dr. Ringer. I had never been to his office before and filled out my paper work online. The office was really nice and clean. The assistant took me back to get x-rays which took a minute and then I waited a little more until they took me back for surgery. He gave the anesthesia and I knocked out and woke up in a lazy boy in the recovery area. The surgery only took 30 minutes. I was only under the anesthesia for ten minutes after I woke up and then I felt fine. It's been three days since I got my wisdom teeth out and my cheeks haven't got big and I haven't taken one pain medication yet. I just take two antibiotics a day for a week. If you can go to Dr. Ringer go to him because I had a dream experience of getting my wisdom teeth out.
5	I had three wisdom teeth removed by Dr. Ringer less then 24 hours ago and feel remarkably well!! Minimal swelling, minimal pain and the procedure was no more than two hours, door to door including my commute time! Staff and doctor were top notch and I'd highly recommend them to anyone!!
1	If you're looking for an oral surgeon simply to work on your mouth and that's it, you've gone to the right place. On the other hand, if you're looking for compassion, bedside manner and a courteous staff with tact and empathy, this isn't the place to go. There was one particular assistant who was absolutely exceptional, compassionate and personable though. Unfortunately, she wasn't the oral surgeon. I don't know her name, but she was a beautiful black woman who, to me, resembled Janet Jackson. Exceptional woman. The other blonde woman was impersonal and was completely devoid of tact or empathy. I feel sick to my stomach just remembering my experience here.
1	I needed to get my wisdom teeth extracted after reading the good reviews I decided to make an appointment here. The extraction went ok no complications until a week and a half after when I was rinsing my mouth I felt a piece of metal coming out of the extraction site and it was a piece of a drill bit they have left behind during the extraction this place seemed to be very profesional Im just not sure how they could leave a piece of metal inside my mouth and not say or do anything about it
