3	Our regular bagel joint. The bagels are fresh, and made on site. Nice. The recipe might take some getting used to, however. The bagels (and I mean even the poppy, the garlic, the everything) are slightly sweet. How odd. I also had a great whitefish salad bagel here, and a delicious, old-fashioned tuna melt. I like the food here better than the Smallman Street Deli; I don't know, the same things feel kind of carelessly made over there. And the service (while not great - I saw the woman behind the counter lose patience with an elderly man who was hard of hearing) is actually much, much better than Smallman Street.
3	I love the bagels here.  I daresay that I like these bagels better than the ones at nearby Bruegger's bagels.  They appear to be made on-site here.  Bruegger's pre-makes them and finishes them at their locations.I will agree that the tuna-melt is wonderful here.  I think that it is my favorite thing on the menu.  I'll even go for an old favorite,lox and an onion bagel.  Other bagel varieties here include poppy seed, cinnamon raisin,  cracked wheat, honey oat, rye onion, and of course, plain.  Please note that these bagels are very high in carbs and since I am a type-1 diabetic, I have to be very careful in choosing here (and watching my insulin!).
5	Fabulous bagels.  We stopped with a friend in Pittsburgh on our way across the country, and she took us here to grab bagels for the road.  We grabbed a baker's dozen of assorted bagels and some house-made cream cheese. The garlic herb creme cheese is *awesome* (filled with chunks of garlic).    The bagels were quite tasty: substantial, chewy, and delicious. The veggie bagel was particularly memorable.Service was good and low-key.  Recommended.
2	Slower than you can possibly imagine, and then slower than that.  Every employee who communicates with customers is weirdly uncommunicative.  I cracked a tooth on a bone in the whitefish salad once.  The bagels are good, though, and the cream cheese is fresh.  I like that there are a zillion flavors of bagel.  I'd eat here only if I could get someone else (maybe someone I didn't really like, or whose time I didn't value?) to pick up my food for me.
4	Best bagels in Pittsburgh- IF you get them fresh!...Wait until the end of the day and they are rock solid. Unfortunately, service here is terrible. A glacier moves faster than the line at Bagel Factory and the system is incredibly inefficient. Go to Brueggers down the street if you're in a rush. And don't bother asking if they'll slice your bagels- the won't do it- even if you're the only  customer in the store and are willing to pay extra. The cashier (an older/middle-aged woman) seems to be in a permanent bad mood and gets mad if you ask for an itemized recipt (I needed it for work).
4	As somewhat of a reply to another review, you walk in and get in line.  When you get to the counter, you tell them what you want, and they give you a check, which you take to the register.  You get drinks at the register and pay, while the person who took your order makes your food and then brings it out to you.  Service is always good.I've been in here many times for breakfast, for lunch, and five minutes before they close, and five to ten minutes is pretty typical; longer than that is very atypical, in my experience.  If they have a lot of take-out orders, the place can be very busy without many people sitting down.That said, the bagels are outstanding, as is the rest of the food; they serve full breakfast fare and sandwiches; it's a full deli.  The food here is wonderful, and it's a place I take out of town visitors to and would do so again.There's also a Ben & Jerry's ice cream in the same space; they hire only disadvantages/at-risk kids, and it works out pretty darn well.
3	I wouldn't consider myself a bagel connoisseur although I've been eating them for more than 15 years in the tri-state area. Nothing really stood out, but at the same time I was happy with my sesame bagel breakfast sandwich. I wish it were a little less greasy though.
5	the bagel factory is great! we frequented here many saturday & sunday mornings for brunch. in the nice weather, you can eat outside on forbes ave. they have great bagels (not NY, but hey, still the best you can get for 8 hours away). they have hands-down the BEST challah french toast. we used to try and split it, but there ended up being a lot of fighting over who was getting more of their share, so now we each get an order. service can be a bit slow when they are busy during brunch hours, but i like a lazy brunch so i don't mind.
1	We drove around Squirrel Hill looking for a place to get breakfast since Pamela's was packed and we were short on time, so The Bagel Factory seemed to fit the bill. Unfortunately, the visit left me wishing I had just went back to Einstein's. When we approached the counter we weren't really greeted...the girl just waited for us to say something. I got the bacon egg and cheese on sesame, husband got a BLT on white. We waited what seemed like a long while in bagel-sandwich-time before we got our plates. My husband said the bread on his sandwich was quite underwhelming. My entire sandwich had basically no taste at all. The bagel was dry and had a burny taste. The egg, cheddar, and even the bacon had absolutely on flavor at all. I thought a bacon egg and cheese sandwich was one of those things that's pretty hard to ruin, and the Bagel Factory managed to do so. I was pretty disappointed and eded up heading to Paddy Cake Bakery for a nice glazed donut to restore the moisture in my mouth.
4	Defiantly the best bagels in Pittsburgh, no doubt about it.
3	I'll sacrifice a lot for a great bagel, and here at Bagel Factory you get both great bagels and sacrifices. The slow-as-molasses service and often-dirty tables: no biggie, since the bagel I get here comes covered in lox spread and is chewy and boiled to true bagel perfection. So far, once of the best bagels I've had in the 'burgh.
4	I love the Bagel Factory!!!  It's a great place to stop by for a quick bite if you're in the neighborhood.  As other reviewers have said, the service is slow, the tables are often dirty--but never quite as dirty as the bathrooms. :/  The coffee is terrible, and I will stop by Starbucks for my beverage before stopping here.HOWEVER, that being said, their everything bagel sandwich with bacon, egg, and cheese is amazing.  It is perfect salty, crispy, chewy deliciousness.  It is the holy grail of breakfast sandwiches.  It is the only thing I have ever ordered here and the only thing I ever will...perfection.  And for that, 4 stars!
4	The food is always really tasty -- I love the bagels, they do coffee just right, and dude, they spaceshare with Ben and Jerry's.  The problem is with the service -- they take forever.  Really forever.  It's not a place to pop in on the way to school or anywhere else because you'll be late.
2	We went to the Bagel Factory when we found a Groupon for it, and after reading that it served the best bagels in Pittsburgh. We got a dozen bagels, two breakfast sandwiches, and two espresso drinks. The employee who took our bagel was very quiet, and didn't really greet us at all. The barista who rung out our order and made our drinks was rude to us, asking "what do you want?". On the brighter side of things, the bagels were good, as were the sandwiches and the drinks. I just wish the employees had been a little more friendly to us. I'd return for the bagels, but definitely not for the service.
3	3.5, but more of a 3 than a 4 so I'll round down.Thanks to Groupon, I was well fed for the rest of the day for only $8.- Smoked Turkey w/ Egg and Cheese on a toasted Honey Oat Bagel: WIN!!!- Ham w/ Egg and Cheese on a toasted Whole Wheat Bagel: LOSE (ham was too salty)- Chicken Salad on Whole Wheat: LOSE (too much sodium)- Coffee: Not a win, not a lose eitherI'll be back to try some of the other items on the menu (and to use up my other Groupon offers). As far as the service goes, I didn't have any issues with the workers there. They weren't overly friendly, but they weren't unfriendly either.
3	This place can be hit or miss.  I like their bagels, and the food I've gotten has always been tasty (except for the corned beef hash).  Usually service is friendly, but it is slow, slow, slow.  If you're in a hurry at all, skip Bagel Factory.  There's also a Ben & Jerry's inside, but I've never tried it.
4	Great matzo ball soup! This place is very filling. All of their bread is delicious here. Obviously they're all about bagels, and their bacon, egg and cheese is typically my favorite. It's a greasy bagel because they make that bacon sizzle so you've been warned if greasy isn't your thing. When it comes to cream cheese, many places that serve bagels only give you a small portion barely enough to spread but not here! They lather it on so thick you have to eat it slice by slice rather than as a bagel sandwich. Some of my friends think it's too much and they like to take some off or just order it with less but I love cream cheese goodness on every bite. Each order is made as you like it so if you don't want it to be cream cheese with a side of bagel like me then simply tell them to go light on the cream cheese. This place aims to serve and they do it well.
4	Bagels!!!!  Delicious Bagels!!The Bagel Factory is one of my favorite nom-related establishments in my neighborhood.  We don't get bagels from there often (we have to walk a whoooole block and a half to get there....we're lazy) but I suspect as summer approaches and warm weather inspires me to walk around the neighborhood, it'll happen.  Their bagels are so delightful.  Fresh, delicious smelling and tasting, and they know how to properly season an everything bagel.  Those bagels should not just be everything, but EVERYWHERE.  I would like my poppy seeds, onion, and sesame seeds on the top AND the bottom of said bagel.  Otherwise one half is amazing and one half is essentially plain.  Bagel Factory understands this.So I went there for breakfast for the first time about a week ago, and ordered matzah brie, for fun.  I make it myself, but I thought I'd try their version.  So I order it, and the dude behind the counter is like "and what kind of bagel would you like?"  and I'm all "Does not compute...." and he's like "it comes with a bagel."  ......Matzah comes with a bagel?  Carbs + carbs = breakfast?  Okay!So I got an everything bagel with cream cheese, and fried matzah (which had yummy onions in it).  A really weird breakfast, and I was sort of craving like...fruit or something....but all the components were delicious.  Oh and I had a chai tea.  Also tasty.  Hard not to be.I'd definitely come back here for more brunches, but I think I'd just get a bagel sandwich of some sort, to avoid the carb+carb confusion.Also, do you know how hard it is to walk past that Ben and Jerry's counter?  Even at like, 10 am on a Sunday?  In winter?  Holy moly.  Too much tastiness in one place.  If the Bagel Factory ever implodes, we will know why.  Ice cream and perfect bagels under one roof may be too much for the structural integrity of the building to handle.
3	Bagel Factory is one of those places I hadn't stopped at in awhile, so after a morning of strolling and shopping in the neighborhood, I thought I'd have a revisit.  Truth be told, Ruggeri's is actually my favorite place now in Squirrel Hill for a sandwich.  But since I'm off work all week, I figured I could stop there on another day.I was in the mood for a good sandwich though and I thought I'd try "Reuben's Sister Rachel".  A Rachel is basically corned beef on deli rye with kraut, swiss, and Russian dressing.  My sandwich was a good, nuthin' fancy, basic, solid fare.  Bagel Factory is okay in my book and I've got to admit theirs are w-a-y better than Bruegger's!  But the carbs, the carbs!
1	I've had mixed feelings about Bagel Factory, but this last experience solidified all my negative thoughts.Besides the fact that their bagels are small, over priced, and not all that great, their staff is 90% of the time very rude and seem to hate the fact that they work there. Which I actually understand, because I'd hate working at a place that is infested with flies.Yes, flies. I bought an apple juice this morning (which comes in weird soda cups, you can't buy a bottle of it) and there were 3 dead flies floating at the top. And don't even think about using their bathroom before putting on some DEET.It's too bad, because Bagel Factory seems like it has great potential, and the lox is pretty decent, but overall just not worth it. Bruegger's is my choice of bagels from now on.
1	I have very few positive remarks about this restaurant.  I have been there twice but have only eaten once.  The first time I stopped here, I waited upwards of 12 minutes for two breakfast sandwiches to go.  The food was decent, maybe a step above Dunkin Donuts but definitely not two steps.  I thought maybe it was a fluke and stopped in again today.  I pulled the Irish walkout after waiting for more than five minutes without even ordering.  And there was only 2 people in front of me, none of whom had been lucky enough to even order.  Sensing another long wait for mediocre food, I took my business elsewhere.  Understaffed,overpriced.  Are these really the best bagels in Pittsburgh? The only positive is that there is an enjoining Ben and Jerry's Scoop Shop.
4	I absolutely love the bagels and cream cheese here, best bagels I have had... to the point where I miss this place when I get bagels out of town. Every time I stray from the simple bagel I seem to be a bit disappointed, but the bagels themselves are worth the 4 star review.
3	Simply put, the bagels here are pretty good.  Some seem strangely disproportionate, as in the egg bagels are big, puffy and round, but the veggie bagels seem thin and with a much larger hole in the middle.  But anyway, generally good.  What surprised me today was an order of egg and cheese on a toasted bagel.   The egg seemed reheated from previously being cooked, possibly in a microwave, and the cheese looked like a badly melted Kraft single.  I was expecting them at least to crack a fresh egg on the grill, and get a little good grease on to the bagel - but no luck... this was a huge disappointment.  Will stick to the bagels only from now on.
2	Decent food, but the service is way crappy. This is not based on a one-off experience, either - I go here probably once or twice a week every week, because it's close to my apartment and they have ***green tea ginger ale** (which is the coolest thing ever and I've never seen it anywhere else... ever).When I say bad service, I mean that every employee here (with the exception of the long-haired lady behind the counter, who is pretty cool) appears to hate their job. They're surly, dismissive, scowly, or just ignore you when you're trying to place an order. I've spent ten minutes waiting to order at the counter while a guy was lounging only a couple of feet away. Got his attention, he said "oh, yeah, wait a second" and continued lounging. Super awkward.The bagels are pretty good and come in wide variety, though. They also have a coffee machine that does a lot of specialty drinks. If they improve the dismal, horrible service I'd love to come here more often.
3	Good Food.  Prices are high.  Service is not that great and it gets very busy on the weekend.
3	The bagels are on the tough and chewy side, and the orange juice (which for some reason I though would be fresh) tasted like Minute Maid. If that sounds like your idea of good food, go for it! Seriously, this place is okay, but it's nothing special - decent enough food, but nothing amazing.
1	Took 10 minutes to get a sandwich. Corned beef sandwich was supposed to be hot. It was cold. Asked for a bagel to not be toasted. They toasted it. Corned beef was dry, might have been frozen. Never going back.
5	The salt bagel has replaced the everything bagel as my breakfast carb of choice.  Just thought you all should know!
2	I've been here twice and both times have been utterly disappointed.  Are the bagels good?  Yes.  So what?  Other places have good bagels too.The service here is always incredibly slow.  The prices are absurd.  $1.50 upcharge to add peanut butter to a bagel.  Really?  I won't even go on any further. (It might not be $1.50 exactly, but it's not too far from that)Also, label your bagel chip bags.  No one likes a guessing game trying to find a bag of plain bagel chips.
3	Good selection of deli foods. My sister and I stopped in during Passover so we picked up some chocolate covered macaroons (which didn't make it to the dinner...)I was pretty disappointed with the lox spread. Mostly cream cheese and  maybe two lox pieces of shredded fish (much smaller than chunks). Seriously skimping on the lox. Other than the non-existent lox in the spread, the food in the display case looked very tasty.
3	For the longest time I didn't care for this place but ate there often because it was near work. The bagels are good but kinda expensive, the deli sandwiches are lack luster, the salads were typically browning and the service was disgruntled. I no longer work near the bagel factory and revisited it today. The service was still grumpy but my  egg cheese bacon bagel sandwich was awesome. It was deserving of me writing a review. This sandwich is available at gas stations but finally the bagel factory showed me why i didn't go to sheetz in the first place.To me this is a two star spot, but maybe this is a sign of turning a corner.
5	The food is always excellent.  The staff usually are usually stressed out; I guess I'd be the same if I had a line of people waiting to order that was 10 people deep!!They can get a bit pickey with small things that are not enough to stop me from going there but they do make me think twice before I get a dozen bagels to take home: such as:  not being willing to slice your bagels that you bought to take home.  I'm not sure why they don't just have one of those automatic machines that you put the bagel in and it slices it for you.  Overall the food is great and if the place isn't packed the staff are much more apt to smile.
3	Just stopped in this morning and go two bagels to go.  One everything with garlic & herb cream cheese, and a "super" cinnamon w/ walnut and raisin cream cheese.  The cream cheese on these suckers were amazing, a huge difference between store bought.  The bagel on the other hand was good - not great, so three stars it is.  I paid around $5 for the two bagels, so they weren't cheap either.  All and all a solid bagel place.
3	The bagels here are good and the price is about right. I prefer to go to bagel shops like this opposed to the national chains. I usually order the nova lox and they are generous with the amount of smoked salmon. However, the bagel is slightly smaller than the average bagel elsewhere. The ambiance in this place is not great. The owner apparently leased more space than he could handle (or he was too cheap) so he decided to sub lease the other half to a Ben & Jerry's. Do I care??? No, not really but this is tacky at best. Fortunately, I come here just for the bagels.
1	We had lunch there on 7/29/12  Before going inside the tables outside had dirty plates on them. When we went to order the person behind counter says the grill was closed the grill person did not come in. We ordered sandwiches. What sandwich the salami had so little on it , 3 very thin slices and very little cream cheese on the other bagel. Actually, what cream chesse? The workers there said that IS WHAT  the OWNER WANTS.The bathrooms , kitchen and the eating area was also very dirty.  Where is the health department. The manager needs help on running a businnes It could be a really good place
2	Ordered the nova lox on a sesame bagel. The bagel was really sweet-- gross! You'd think a place that has a ton of sandwich options would make sure their plain-ish bagel flavors would actually taste like bread and not sugar... Sweetness aside, the bagel itself was a little hard.
3	The bagels are so-so, which is not a great thing if you're called "The Bagel Factory." The atmosphere is nice and so are the people.
4	I'm not sure who voted their French Toast the best in Pgh but it wasn't me. It was their special today and I found it absolutely tasteless. My friend found their coffee to be just "okay." Their bagels and bacon were delicious though. I bought a second groupon to try their lunch menu at a later date. So obviously it's worth the trip. I just wouldn't recommend the French Toast
1	Nothing upsets me more than seeing the owner of a restaurant belittle his employees in front of customers...this happened not once but twice when I was there two different times (the owner's name is Dave by the way).The prices are very high. $7.99 for a BLT with turkey and nothing else, no drink or sides. $2.25 to get a bagel with cream cheese.The place is dirty, has fruit flies around the bagels, and has horrible music playing (I never heard anything like it played in any restaurant before).Apparently they don't have much space in the kitchen because they store the fresh baked bread (meaning bread right out of the oven) along the wall leading to the bathroom--unwrapped, just cooling on racks. Gross.I would love to see this place reported to the health department. It is a shame, it wasn't always like this.
2	I had such high hopes for Bagel Factory.  Their restaurant smelled great and had an extensive and exciting menu, as well as the eye-temptations of all the breads and salads on display.But then you get your food and it's uninspiring.  I had a turkey sandwich and, without a doubt, could have made the identical sandwich at home and in such a way that it (a) cost half the price and (b) had bread that didn't scratch the roof of my mouth as I ate it.I'm open to paying a lot for good sandwiches (consider something like Ann Arbor's Zingerman's, where a sandwich will cost $14); this just wasn't good.Likewise the other sandwiches I tasted were eh.  The best thing I tasted was a latke, and that was still kind of boring.
4	Their fresh bagels & breads are spectacular - so moist and flavorful.  Though the line/wait tends to be a bit long, it's worth it.  Plus - their Groupons make it easy to get the most 'bang for your buck".  Give it a try... you'll be back.
4	I'm an out-of-towner, but when I'm in Squirrel Hill, I always make sure to stop here for a egg sandwich and a few bagels to go. The super cinnamon and the whole wheat are particularly lovely.
4	Not the best bagel while rating world's best bagels, but pretty good for outside NYC, and definitely better than much of the west coast. Mind you, I have only experienced the bagel, and not the shop. Prior to our short jaunt out to Fallingwater, my friend's super nice boyfriend (also our driver for the day) went out to get our breakfast while we were getting ready to go. I got a toasted garlic bagel with plain cream cheese. It hit the spot. They don't skimp on the cream cheese, that's for sure.
1	Great food, horrible service. The bad outweighs the good. Not worth spending your cash in that dough factory. Pass
3	Not too thrilled with this place. They have good french toast but sometimes the flavor doesn't repeat itself. The prices are a little steep for bagels, sandwiches and eggs. We had a groupon both times when we visited. They still honored our expired one for the price I paid for it. After buying french toast and a bowl of soup my total was $10. A little expensive for soup that taste like it came out of a can.The sandwiches are decent but that's all I'd really buy from here. maybe each location is different and has something better to offer. I personally like the oakland store better than the squirrel hill one. If you plan on eating here, i would check that one out first.
4	If I am craving a good everything bagel with bacon egg and cheese this is the the place to go.  Unlike Panera, they serve breakfast sandwiches all day long.  I have also tried their salads.  Their Pittsburgh salad is Gigantic!  It easily could be a meal for two.  All this talk of bagels is making me hungry for lunch! :-)
4	Fantastic nova lox bagel! Certainly carb breakfast of choice- nova lox sandwich on a toasted everything bagel. Sometimes bagel comes out a little burnt, and sometimes the staff taking the order can be a little short and flustered. The food keeps us coming back again!
4	Went here with my boyfriend today, we shared a lox everything bagel and whitefish garlic bagel. We got both toasted and they were quite delicious (the whitefish was particularly tasty).  All the employees were friendly and helpful too! Had to take off 1 star because their "homemade" juices are really sweet and certainly not homemade--we got cranberry and orange and neither one was good. We'd go back for bagels next time we're in Pittsburgh :-)
4	Trully the best bagels in the 'burgh, made on premises.  Tried the Nova Lox , was a great bagel sandwich and the tuna salad was nice as well.  Little expensive for what is being offered but  worth it.
3	What is up their a$$? Rude as hell. Said Groupon wasn't valid (it was, just not for specialty orders; they didn't care). 3 stars BC I like bagels. They consistently hold the same *annoyed* attitude. F off...$20 for bagel you should be kissing my butt. Ew.
5	On the other end of my old review of the pigs, this skinny kid working here is HOTHOTHOT...g'damn! Smear that syrup on me please.
3	I'm very torn about Bagel Factory, as living in New York made me a bagel snob.  It's not fair to compare Bagel Factory to a NYC bagel so I won't.  But if that is what you are craving, this will not fill that void.  I think the best bagel in Pittsburgh is a fair claim to fame, but Pittsburgh has some really bad bagels.  Just a thought.I ordered a rye bagel with bacon, egg, and cheese ($3.99).  There was a ton of good, thick bacon on the sandwich, and that was AMAZING.  Plenty of cheese and the perfect amount of egg as well.  But the bagel was pretty much flavorless.  Rye bagels should have flavor.  If this place wasn't called the bagel factory, it would be different.  But the bagel was so whatever.  The bagels are also really small for a fresh bagel.I would definitely come back to the Bagel Factory, but I think they really should work on creating a more memorable bagel.They accept credit cards.
4	My first foray into the Pittsburgh Bagel Factory was about a year ago to use one of the Groupons they run periodically.  The prices are reasonable, they accept credit cards, and the bagels are generally quite good.  While I haven't tried the entire menu I can also speak highly of their matzo ball soup and pastrami bagel sandwiches.  Although they have free Wi-Fi for customers, the tables are a little small for a full sized laptop and a couple of books - I usually work elsewhere in the neighborhood.  I only have two minor complaints about the Bagel Factory.  First, they don't have any nutrition information, which makes it a challenge to incorporate into a diet of any kind.  And second, unlike any other business I've encountered that runs Groupons, the Bagel Factory imposes a lifetime cap of three purchases (instead of resetting the cap with each new offer).  I get that Groupon isn't a very good deal for a lot of businesses and I'm happy to pay full price, but this is just annoying.
5	I have never had a bad experience at the Bagel Factory. I've eaten breakfast and lunch, redeemed Groupons, and gotten their specialty breads and desserts throughout the three years I've lived in Pittsburgh. It's not a New York bagel, but in my opinion it's without a doubt the best bagel in the burgh.
2	Despite the fact that I eat here frequently-purely because of convenience and lack of a better option-the bagels are mediocre, the service is slow, and the coffee is the worst you've ever tasted. Squirrel Hill, we can do better!
2	I love the food here.  And it is super convenient.  Those are 4 stars.  But the service is just painful.  Slow.  Uninspired.  Bothersome.  The sense it get is that I am interrupting them by actually wanting to spend money.  I would be a weekly customer if this weren't so.  As is I come maybe twice a year.
