5	When I lived in Gilbert, this was my go to place for all things I needed at Goodwill. Ironically I needed to buy things here for my dress up days when I worked at Yelp! They always had what I needed, from overalls, plaid shirts, neon green shirts, etc. I've even picked up a few great cheap finds like a bug killer light and some board games. This also ended up being the place where I dropped off things to donate. Every time I visit the staff was always helpful when I had a question needed assistance finding something. Also the place, as far as Goodwill's go was pretty clean. Maybe that is because this is Gilbert but either way it's a good location.
3	What I like:This store is pretty large, but not overwhelming. The areas are clearly marked, well organized, easy to shop, and have a decent amount of variety in each section. There's lots of parking outside, and if the registers are well-staffed, you've got plenty of checkout options.What I don't like:Thrifting is really hit or miss, but it was all miss. It looks like it's pretty picked over, so I was left with a dog from every town. While the clothing section was okay, the other sections aren't quite as well organized. Sure, it's tough to organize things when they're all one-of-a-kind, but it was a touch cluttered. I don't worry too much about that--this is thrift store shopping, after all--but it only takes a few extra minutes to tidy it up.What I'm indifferent about:Pricing. They do have that color-coded discount thing going on, so you can save some bucks depending on the week. That's kinda cool. But on the daily, it's pretty much what you'd expect to pay. Cheap, which I love. But not any cheaper than other thrift stores. Also, they have a little bit of everything, but nothing that got me wowed. Selection was just average.
2	I've been here a couple times, not looking for anything in particular. It's a large space and fairly clean and bright but for some reason this place really skeeves me out. I can't quite put my finger on what it is though.The women's section is fairly large. The last day that I went, skirts were pretty sold down the "non-summer clothing" was abundant. The men's section looks limited but I didn't take the time to walk through it. Kid's was fairly limited as well.I usually enjoy thrift store shopping and searching through the racks to find that one awesome piece of clothing, but this location doesn't really have that going on...at least not for me anyway.
3	I thought I pretty much knew where all the Goodwills were in this area, but recently I discovered a couple more in Gilbert that I've never been to.  It was Senior day Tuesday so my daughter and I decided to go check this one out.  It wasn't my favorite Goodwill but we found quite a bit of good stuff, some cool toys and a few clothes for the grandchildren, my daughter found two really nice rugs for her bathrooms, one in a Buzz Lightyear for her son and a pretty white micro fiber one for about four bucks, the kind that's about $20 new. I found a bunch of white gloves for 75 cents each after my discount and four skiens of white yarn, which I can always use, for a couple dollars. All in all we were happy with our visit here and with the items that we brought home. I just wish their Halloween costumes weren't so overpriced.
4	I haven't been to this location but never had anything but excellent experience from the day they opened.They were very helpful.The book selection was big and they struggled to keep it neat.I found  many good values there.
