4	Cafe at the Lofts is my favorite Troy Hill/North Side lunch spot. Delicious homemade soups, tasty sandwiches, and friendly service. A suitable North side alternative to my beloved Eat Unique and Food for Thought in Oakland.I've had various panini, salads and soups here, and I have only been disappointed by the Four Cheese Panini. Their soups are good to very good. The salads have always seemed fresh and crisp.There is a decent selection of sandwiches available, and the daily specials are usually quite good. If you happen to be looking for lunch on the North Side, I recommend giving them a shot.
5	Seeing as the Mexican place that my co-workers and I fell in love with no longer delivers, this cafe has become extremely popular among our office. You can't go two days without someone ordering from them! If the staff is reading this review, please know that your deliveries to our office every other day are truly appreciated!If you're looking for reasonably portioned sandwiches - and a delicious variety of sandwiches as well - this is your place. I recently ordered the Roma sandwich and have to say I really, really enjoyed it; I can't wait to order again and try some of the other options on this menu, such as their Italian sandwiches. You get a side with your sandwich and can do some half sandwich and soup/salad combos, so basically, this is a local Panera. Although much fresher and not nearly as greased up - always a plus!If you want a little more portion-wise, then yes, hit up a Panera or go to Eat Unique in Oakland; for our office, though, this little cafe is a lifesaver. It's delicious while being kind to our wallets AND our waistlines. For that, we thank them!
4	I only ever order one thing from here --- The Navigator Wrap --- but it's delicious. I've only ever dealt with the restaurant through delivery, but they're always very prompt. Everything on the menu is fairly priced. If you work in the North Side it's definitely a great place to order from.
3	I am going to let you in on a little secret...Cafe at the Lofts has a great Saturday breakfast dish.  Order the breakfast burrito with bacon, salsa and hot sauce (there hot sauce is more flavor than heat).  Order it exactly like that and you will have a new "go to" breakfast item. Remember, they only offer it on Saturdays. Also, they have coffee that is on par with Voluto or Tazo Dorro.  This is a pretty cool place also.***UPDATE***I am sad to say that things have changed here.  Two Saturdays in a row I have come down (20 minute drive ) to get the breakfast burrito only to find they are out.  Ok.  That happens.  Although I am disappointed I am not upset. The problem is the lady working the counter...she is very gruff. Both times when I asked if they have breakfast burritos I have been rudely told "we are out."  The first visit I did not ask a follow up question.  This time (time 11:37 AM) I ask "don't you close at 2?"  The response..."well I am not going to make burritos all day. (Rude tone)". Sorry, but I just won't be back for a while. I figure 3 months and this person won't be working here anymore. See you in 90!
5	Homemade soups are out of this world. Daily specials are unique. Some of the best lunch sandwiches in Pgh!
1	They don't even have a public washroom.
3	Overall I enjoy this place. I've gotten a variety of sandwiches and I've liked all of them. Nothing out of this world, but tasty enough. I really liked the cafe salad, it had a good balance of flavor that came together well. The price is reasonable for what you get, the potions are a little on the small side. I like the sandwiches with chicken because it's real chicken and they give you a decent amount, but I got one with ham and it only had two slices. Too measly for the price. My biggest complaint (and really only complaint) with this place is the wait time. I'm surprised no one else has commented on it. I've come in a little after lunch time, around 1, with a max of two people ahead of me, and I've had to wait 20 minutes for a simple sandwich. I understand phone orders come in and what not, but I'm sorry, that's unacceptable for one sandwich. The last time I was there, three people who came in after me got their food before mine, one of my biggest pet peeves. The person in front of me got their food promptly and was done and out the door before I got mine! No apologies or even acknowledgment that it was a long wait. The first time I thought it was a fluke, but I've been there a good 8 times and it's been like that every time. I'll keep coming back here mainly because it's walking distance from work and there's nothing else around. It's sad though, even with my hour lunch break, I can't even walk because it takes too long to get my food!
2	Sadly in the year and a half since I first wrote my review things have changed a bit at Cafe, and not for the best. More and more my coworkers and I are experiencing regular problems with this place, that is when we're brave enough to risk ordering from Cafe now.Firstly, there's the problems with the orders. It honestly doesn't seem to matter if we order right off the menu or if we ask for a small change to our order - something basic will always be missing (like lettuce) or done incorrectly when the food arrives. Then there's the fact that the order time really has slowed down, a lot - once we placed an order and nothing arrived for two hours. Sorry, but unless it's a major holiday that kind of wait for a sandwich is just too long. Most recently, it took an hour for our food to even get out the door (we know this because we called exactly an hour after ordering, and they said it was leaving then). Why couldn't they have warned us about this wait in advance? This is standard practice for other companies that deliver, is it not?The final downgrade in service at Cafe are the problems with their phone and staff. I've been accidentally hung up on multiple times at this point; I've also heard people debating in the background about who needs to take our order when we're asked to hold, please. From the snippets of conversation we can hear, things definitely aren't running as smoothly at Cafe as they used to be. Of course this is just when I can dial through - it's not uncommon to try to dial in and be told that the call can't be connected for some reasons. All of this adds up to a more and more disappointing Cafe delivery experience. At this point the quality of the food can't make up for the problems - it's honestly hardly even worth the hassle to order from them anymore. I keep hoping they'll bounce back to what they used to be, but we're clearly not there yet.
