5	I can't remember how much I paid, but it doesn't matter, this place was bomb. I expect overpriced in Vegas, so all I hope for at the very least is friendly service and a good product. Sweet Chill knocks it out of the park in both respects. The people there were dishing out free samples like they were getting paid to do so. I tried close to ten flavors and all were fantastic. This spot gets the 5 stars because it had one of the best coconut gelatos I've ever had, and I try it everywhere. Tons of shaved coconut going in the scoop, it was the realest of real. Great flavor selection included carrot, gingerbread, turtle, nutella, to name a few. The people there seem to love their job and love the ice cream. I feel them on that.
4	A little bit too bright, a little bit too pink.  But oh-so-many flavors to choose from and never crowded.  On the Promenade level of the ARIA, Sweet Chill is a decent place to be casual and get away from the noise -- as in chill.
4	Yes, the Aria in the new City Center is a very chic, very European, and very out-of-my-league-so-don't-bother-trying kind of place. So I would expect nothing but a tres-chic ice cream parlor in a hotel as fancy-schmancy as the Aria. With its perpetual video showing on the outside wall to draw you in, Sweet Chill is just that type of place in all its muted day-glo rainbow glory. Its clean, pinkish and slightly retro-look is meant to evoke an earlier time when people enjoyed sitting on plastic, butt-contoured chairs (see photos). It's as if Paris Hilton opened her own gelateria, bitches.They serve sandwiches and salads, but the eye candy is really the variety of ice cream flavors to be seen in their long glass display case. Prices are not surprisingly on the high side with a large cup a whopping seven bucks. Jamie W. and I shared a small cup of peanut butter gelato for the comparative bargain of $4.75 (see photo). I say bargain because you do get three small scoops which you can lick slowly to take in all the colors of the seats in the place. Eventually, the cacophony of pan-EuroAsian voices does make your ears bleed - and you have no choice but to leave and go back to your $80-a-night hotel way, way down the Strip.ICE CREAM - 4 stars...judging from the peanut butter, very creamy and tasty if a tad priceyAMBIANCE - 4 stars...chic while you lick with abandonSERVICE - 3.5 stars...a bit non-descript...it is a new placeTOTAL - 4 stars...stop for your sweet tooth and then do fifty laps in the Aria pool around the corner
4	Looking for something in between your meals that will make your mouth and tummy smile?  Well that's what I found here!  The gelato is GREAT!  We came here a couple of times in our four day stay and I wish we had time to have gone here at least once more.Yeah it is a bit pricey but if you order a large gelato you get FIVE scoops for $7.00 instead of a small one with two scoops for $4.50.  I wish I would have asked that the first time, I could have saved some money and shared.I'm not giving them a 5th star because they charge OUTRAGEOUS prices for their drinks.  They wanted almost $5.00 for a SMALL soda.  NO way...and a bottled water was the same price.  They gave me a free cup of a water and I was happy with that.  So bring your own drinks here and enjoy!!!
4	The college of frozen dessertsSome people cannot tell the difference between gelato and ice cream.  Their loss.  Although ice cream has more butterfat and more sugar than gelato, gelato has more flavor.  The fruit or chocolate flavors are not muted by the butterfat.This lesson was well learned on our trip to Sweet Chill.  As a former college student that spent years trying to pay off college debt, I know that any education can come with quite a large price tag.  I expected a dessert-lunch (yes, I was having gelato for lunch) at Aria to cost as much as my college education.  Afterall I was about to learn something.To start, I learned that pistachio ice cream (er... gelato) isn't my cup of tea.  Neither is Nutella.  Total cost for these lessons, zero.  If you are questionable about a flavor, just ask - they'll happily give you a small spoonfull.I also learned that a small is like $4.75 while a large is $7 and change for 3 times more of the Italian confection.  Since I was there with my wife, we went with the large 3 scoops (Strawberry, Chocolate, and Blueberry Cheesecake) and saved a few bucks.I also learned that gelato is denser than ice cream.  Ice cream is about 50% air, making it easy to scoop (if you've ever melted then re-froze ice cream, you know the stuff is rock hard without the air).  Gelato on the other hand is only about 25% air.  It's freezing point is kept in check with less fat and a scientifically-balanced amount of sugar to maintain it's softness.  This results in 50% more edible dessert.  If you eat with your eyes, you may feel that $7.57 (after tax) for 12-16 ounces is pricey, but you stomach will be filled as if you just ate 18-24 ounces of ice cream.  A fine lesson indeed.Finally, I learned that Aria (in the City Center) must truly be an expensive place, because even though I was sitting in a kid-friendly location (essecentially an ice cream parlor) I didn't see signs of a single kid.  Tables wern't sticky, floors were clean, chairs were spotless.  But the decor was all hard plastic, so maybe after a group of kids come through, they just close the doors and hose the whole place down with a high pressure firehose.
1	Cute, modern, pastel love-fest looking place.I requested a sample of the Carrot Cake, which was promptly handed over: white gelato, white spoon... and a black, curly hair.Truly, a Kodak moment.
3	The peanut brittle is great.The customer service sucks!
5	If ice cream is my weakness than gelati will be the death of me. While attempting to get some exercise, take some pictures, and absorb the new Vegas, my friend and I stumbled across this gelati shop on the second floor of the Aria. When my eyes met the long strip of radiant colors coming from the escalators, my friend anticipated my desire to look and asked if I wanted to get some. The answer is always yes. We thought that we would save ourselves some calories by splitting a cup. Seeing the single scoop cup, we didn't think they would give us too much. We wanted two different flavors anyways, so we opted for the double. We drastically taken aback when we saw the worker pile on this frozen delight. For such a fancy establishment, I was expecting to get gouged, but instead we got our moneys worth and more. We got one scoop of Oreo and one of butterscotch cookie. You can never go wrong with the black and white childhood favorite. On the other hand, the butterscotch outshone the Oreo in every aspect. While both were creamy, smooth with a silky texture. The butterscotch was complex with a lingering taste of cinnamon. For $6.75, I was left feeling more than satisfied. Out of all the gelati shops in Las Vegas, I know where I will be heading when I have the urge for decadence. I am glad that we passed by Jean Philippe and found this place. The extra bonus is that a swimsuit store is located across from Sweet Chill. While you are indulging in this sugary fix, you know exactly why you can't fit into those board-shorts or bikini.
5	Sweet Chill is adorable, delicious and home of some of the best gelato I've ever had. I had a mix of chocolate and peanut butter and it was so perfectly cold, creamy and sweet- better than the gelato downstairs at Jean Philippe Patisserie!
2	My chicken pesto sandwich ($13) was so freaking dry! But I was starving so I ate the whole thing. The corned beef and turkey panini looked tastier.
4	Watermelon ice cream is delicious
3	Vegas calls for cold drinks and this is just the place to get them. When you're leaving the beautiful pool at Aria, an iced cappuccino is just the thing you need! There's also an amazing selection of gelato too!
3	This place basically has everything! Ice cream, gelato, coffee, pastry, sandwhichs nice lil spot sit n enjoy.. also unique lobby. I was sick this past week I went there to see if they had hot tea w/ honey they have that also! What a lifesaver..
2	Disclaimer: I didn't try the gelato and I'm sure it was amazing.  But I stopped in for two coffee/breakfast snacks and a panini for lunch and was disappointed each time.  Coffee was exceptionally expensive, my $14 panini was so-so, and they tried to add a 4 oz. bag of Kettle chips for $3.50 without asking.  Super friendly staff, though, and very convenient location for grabbing something quick in the morning.
