1	I have been a loyal resident for a year. They raised my rent price and lowered their quality.  They told me that the apartment world is a revolving door, and if I wasn't happy, I could move. They are never in the office when you need service. The only good about this apartment complex is the location; other than that, do not expect anything else for the money you pay. The best staff member, Tara, just moved to a new complex. Since she has left, it has all fallen apart in the office.
5	I absolutely love living in Bell Morrison. I moved in a little over 3 months and could not be happier. They have a ton of floor plans to choose from and had exactly what I needed. I have a home office, so when I am here it is extremely quiet and you cannot hear anything. Very solid! Very respectful building and since i am in my mid thirties i did not want a college apartment. This is not this place. Great for a young professional.The staff is great. Samantha is absolutely phenomenal and she will go above and beyond to help you with what you need and make moving here a breeze. The maintenance will do what they can and always very kind about it.If you are looking for a wonderful living opportunity, with a ton to walk to and also a cheap cab ride into anywhere in the city, this apartment complex in Southpark is where you should be.
1	1 star is giving this company an apartment complex too many stars!! Horrible people that run this company - DO NOT LIVE THERE!!!! There are so many other better apartments in Charlotte to choose from - better prices too!
4	I moved in early March 2014 and moved from the Northeast. This is a great location and because I live alone security is super  important!  Parking is never a problem and one can get a reserved parking space at a monthly fee. The Staff are very professional and readily available thank  you Lisa and Samantha!!The residents are various age groups and a mixture of young professionals and families to semi and retired individuals.Would highly recommend this apartment complex for its location, floor plans and professional and caring staff!Great place to live............
