4	What do you get when you cross a Pei Wei with an Islands?  You get Rumbi.  Walk up and place your order.  Chose from their big and darn good looking (wish I'd gotten one) salads ($7.49), their rice bowls (Full $7.59/Half $6.59) or one of their grilled sandwiches ($6.69) that include grilled chicken, pulled pork, jerk chicken and a few burgers.  They give you a number.  Sit down and they bring it to you.We each got  sandwiches and paid the $1.99 extra for a side salad.  I liked my sandwich, but I think that side salad was my favorite part.  A really great dressing and super fresh greens (non-iceberg) were great, but the extra points went for the crumbled cheese and the honey crusted walnuts on top.  WOW!  That was not expected.While our burger/pork sandwich were fine, I kept finding my self wishing I got a salad when I saw one being brought out.  I think I'll have to do that next time we're in the area because they really looked awesome - and huge!  Might have to split one of those and a bowl of their Bahama Mama Tortilla soup with coconut milk that caught my eye after I'd already ordered.  Mmmmm....
5	I totally agree w/Kristin!  My husband and I wondered if the same people that brought us Pei Wei brought us Rumbi.  Rumbi, Rumbi, Rumbi!  It's good, good, good.  I got the chicken rice bowl and my husband got a salad.  He was thrilled with the non iceberg lettuce.  We sat and enjoyed the quick service.  The portions are jinormous.  A little chili paste in the rice bowl and you are in business. On our second visit we shared a chicken sandwich.  The sweet potatoe fries were a hit w/the hubby and it was spiced nicely.  I didn't care for it and will stick to the salad and rice bowls.
5	The restaurant has open, spacious seating and I was immediately overcome with deja vu.  Then it hit me--this is the islander's version of Chipotle!!!  The only difference between Rumbi & Chipotle (well besides the food!)--is the tableside service.  You get your order/pay for your food and they bring your food to your table.Interior--There is a huge menu mounted on a waist high podium near the front door and as you walk along the wall to the front counter, there are plenty of opportunities to pick up a paper menu.  The decor incorporates faux bamboo, dried palm leaves strategically draped and many surf/island related motifs.Food--The menu selection is great.  Not too many items to overwhelm and just enough of the staples to appease most appetites--rice bowls with several protein options (including tofu), sandwiches, soups, salads, and a few island plates.  They even offer a select variety of wines and beer.  One of my new favorites is a Kona Lager you can of course, purchase at Rumbis.  (I bought a 6 pack @ Bevmo a while ago and it's phenomenal!)I ordered the half size rice bowl with luau pork.  This portion is actually large enough to feed 2 small children or a really hungry adult.  The pork was served with teriyaki sauce on the side, which I discarded because the seasoning on the pork was sufficient.  I appreciated that they offered varieties of rice (including brown & a rumbi version--not sure I recall reading what was in that but it was nice to have options).  They provide a nice serving of mixed veggies to round out the meal.  My experience--I enjoyed the casual atmosphere, the service was speedy, and the food was great for no more than $8.  It's a great place to grab a quick lunch or chat leisurely over a meal.
4	I can't believe I've been to this place so many times and haven't reviewed it yet. This is great spot to hit up if you have people with a lot of different preferences. There's everything from burgers to bowls, rice and noodles, veggies and meat plates. First of all, this is NOT, I REPEAT, NOT a Hawaiian BBQ joint. As someone mentioned earlier, it's a cross between Island Burger and Pei Wei. I REALLLLLLY enjoy the Rumbi Beach Burger (two patties, greens, tomato, red onion & thousand island dressing)  and it comes with fries, chips & salsa or SWEET POTATO FRIES! Let me just say, YOU NEEEEEEEEED TO GET THE SWEET POTATO FRIES! Of all the restaurants I've been to that have offered such delectable treats, this place offers the best ones by far. You can also get half regular and half sweet potato fries. I haven't tried the rice or pasta bowls, but they look pretty big and the portions are pretty big.
5	The food was awesome!  I had the fish tacos with rice.  The rice had a coconut flavor that was very different, but good.  And, the fish tacos were the best I've ever eaten.  I hope they build some of these restaurants in Texas!  I LOVED it!!!!
3	I love the rumbi rice it is wonderful.
4	I'm a newbie to Rumbi. I'm also a newbie to Phoenix (West Valley). I decided to try out all of the non-fast-food restaurants within a 7-mile radius from my home (shouldn't be that biggie of a challenge).  Rumbi was quite good. I had the MahiMahi over coconut rice with key lime pie. I thought it was pretty over-priced, but good overall. I will definitely return.
5	Always impressed how clean this place is which allows us to fully enjoy our meals at Rumbi Island Grill. One of out favorite places as a family and I love the Spicy Teriyaki Chicken Bowl. Highly recommended!
4	Alright, well seeing as I work right next door, my mouth has been watering over this place ever since I laid eyes upon the menu. And tonight, we finally had some yummy Rumbi take-out.First things first: they're a little pricey, at first glance. However, their portions are *enormous*. Each of us ordered a full size bowl(Honey Orange Shrimp for me, Jamaican Jerk Kalua Pork for Jamie, Honey Orange Kalua Pork and Teriyaki Chicken for Jamie's parents). The full size bowls were more than enough to last the average person through dinner, and then through lunch the next day; packed full of rice/noodles, meat, and veggies, with each bowl containing a ramekin of sweet teriyaki sauce.The shrimp in my bowl was perfectly tender and succulent, the Honey Orange sauce sweet, but not cloyingly so. The bowl came with a lime wedge, which added the perfect zing to the mellow coconut "Rumbi rice".We also ordered some of their Bahama Mama's Tortilla Soup, which was a creamy coconut-based broth filled with chunks of grilled chicken, tortilla strips, and melty mozzarella. It was a good, cozy soup, but could have benefited from more depth--some tang, some spice, something.For dessert, we had some of Rumbi's Key lime pie--moist, rich, and delectably sweet with a lovely measure of sour. Only complaint? The graham cracker crust was too mushy, soft, and crumbly; it would have been much better with a crispy bed under the pillowy-ness of the Key lime filling.All in all? Great place with reasonable prices, given their generous portions. They have a TON of salad options, as well, each more inventive than the last, and I'll be returning to try and test each one :)
4	Rumbi's is a great place to eat lunch. I can only attest to how great their rice bowls are because that's the only thing I ever get.  My wife has gotten the hamburger here though and she said it was pretty good.  Rumbi's is eating out fast without feeling like it later.
5	This place is awesome!!! i wish we had one here in Rancho Cucamonga, CA !!!! I guess I will just come here when I visit my parents move here in Surprise. The staff was awesome. We were here in early May. The manager made sure my husband had a gluten free diet as the doc perscribed. She was so awesome. They came around maybe 6 or 7 times to make sure all was well since the 1st round didnt go so well. They went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. plus the food was so delicious!! I told my parents about the place and now they come here now. Best in the area!!!!!!So sad you are not in SO CAL :(
4	Love it! Just wish I got bigger servings if the macaroni. The employees are awesome!!
4	Great Burgers.
4	Get the Hawaiian!  Grilled Pineapple is delicious.
3	It's kind of a fast food place minus the drive through. So if you're expecting something fancy or first date worthy, you're doing it wrong. That said, it's very good food for not a lot of money. I always order the half bowl and it's more than enough. I usually have some leftover. The chicken is good and free of any foreign substances and is all white meat. The rice is always perfectly cooked and they don't pour a gallon of sauce on everything. The veggies are also done without being cooked into mush. The people who work there are friendly and helpful and I have gone there many times. Check it out if you want something different than the normal fast food ware.
5	Friendy, clean, food is really good.
5	This is one of few places I enjoy that never disappoints me. I have enjoyed everything I've ever eaten there and I've tried almost everything on the menu. The service is great and I'm always greeted with a smile.
2	cousins brought me here. The sweet potato fries are ok not a fan of the place its a chain so things feel to corporate. The workers here felt like they were about to die and the sight of us made them smile for help. The food wasnt that good and over priced. The island feel... i dont get it, which islands? Caribbean or Pacific? its cool to play bob marley but make up your mind on the items.
1	Food tastes ok, I ordered a Hawaiian rice bowl w/ brown rice. The bowl consisted of 80% rice, 10% veggies and 10% chicken. Rice was too hard. I don't plan on returning.
4	I've been going to Rumbi's for over a year but since I'm fairly new to Yelp I thought I'd give them a review. I work fairly close to them so I do frequent them often, I'd say more than 3 times a month. I love Rumbi's, the only reason they didn't get 5 stars is they are forever messing up my order and putting onions when I ask for no onions, I've gotten to the point that I check my food before leave .They do fix the order and give me a discount but I really wish they could get it right when I ask for no onions the first time. I love their food, the place is always clean. I must love them because I keep going back. = )
2	Eh... This doesn't taste like any sort Hawaiian food I've had. The quality of the rice bowls are similar to what Jack n' the Box sells. Not great whatsoever.
4	We've been coming here since '07.  Great food.  It's a little off than when we first started going there.  Not bad, just different.
5	Love the rice bowls here.  Would get anything else.
5	Very good, as i have stated before I don't eat meat, they have BROWN rice, veggies, and ORGANIC tofu, service wAs friendly and made a good recommendation, I'm glad to see there is a place across the street from my work where I can get se vegetation and not have to feel guilty about eating it, very good and I'm very impressed, will be returning again!
5	Always enjoy the food here the hula salad is great as well as the aloha mango salad . You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	Yum! I had the cabo fish tacos. They were sooooo delicious.  I also enjoyed the Rumbi rice.
3	While we love Rumbi and have eaten there several times a month over the last 6 years. We will no longer be eating here as often.I love the spicy teriyaki chicken bowl, my wife likes a salad they have and my kids get a kids meal and we ALWAYS ordered four orders of the shrimp tempura as an appetizer. Was $6 for 12 tiny shrimp tempura (there was three shrimp per order) which was a great deal and my kids loved the shrimp.Was very disappointed to find out they raised the price of the shrimp tempura by 100%. Used to be $.50 cents a piece and now they are $1.00 a piece for little tiny shrimp. We'll still be back but it will be months between visits now instead of weeks since I won't be paying the new price for the tiny shrimp so my kids won't want to go here as often. Not to mention it is a 15 mile drive for us.
5	The food is always good, the service is always friendly, and the restaurant is always clean. What else can a bearded man ask for? Five stars.
3	Hawaii theme, but with Caribbean dishes.  But that's OK.  None of it was authentic.  Still, it was tasty.  The menu includes jerk, burgers, "luau pork", and similar.  I had a burger (marinated in teriiyaki), my wife had the luau pork and rice.  Both were good.The pasta salad thing was VERY mayonnaise-y.  Imagine scooping some mayo with a spoon and eating it straight, and that's what it was like.  Yuck.  The fries were very good.  You have the option of regular, sweet potato, and a blend of the the two.Staff was friendly and seemed efficient.Overall, a fine casual place.  Nothing spectacular, but it was good.
4	First time here I ordered the Caribbean  chicken and shrimp its so yummy.  I will come again great flavor.
4	Food tastes fresh and the sweet potato fries are sooooo good! Tempura shrimp is really good too and the price not bad at all.
5	Love this establishment! The food is top notch, I usually get the luau pork plate. Though everything else I've gotten has been superb. The employees are great and always genuine with us. Also, the restaurant itself is very clean. Compared to the surrounding area, it's much nicer. If your looking for island food on the west side of town, Rumbi should be at the top of the list.
5	I have never had a bad experience here. The atmosphere is amazing. Love the music. Always makes me remember being in Hawaii.My favorite dish is the kahuna burger and you can never go wrong having the Rumbies fries. Love the sweet potato fries and the chips and tropical salsa as well.The staff are very friendly and it's never noisy. Just a nice place to relax and enjoy some great food.
5	I usually love eating at this place. Unfortunately the hours are posted wrong though. We went to have dinner there tonight and they were closed before 9. Very disappointing when you have a craving!
2	I ordered a chicken bowl w/ noodles and spicy teriyaki sauce.There really was no vegetable variation, other than a couple pieces of broccoli and a large sum of zucchini slices.The teriyaki sauce was good, but the chicken resembled the disgusting frozen meat that is packaged in frozen dinners from Safeway.  Gross.The noodles were NOT noodles.  When I order noodles, I am expecting a type of island or Asian noodle.  What I received was spaghetti pasta.  WTF!?I thought this place was called Rumbi ISLAND Grill, not Olive Garden!  Inexcusable.I threw the entire thing away, which cost me around $10, because apparently spaghetti pasta costs more than rice!What a terrible restaurant.
4	I love this place! Great teriyaki and only ranking 4 as my husbands burger wasn't up to par temp wise
