5	Dope clothes, dope workers...what more could you want? This is the best store in Vegas. They carry all the brands to fulfill your streetwear needs. 10 Deep, The Hundreds, Crooks, Coup de Grace, Mishka, Rocksmith, etc etc. All their gear is reasonably priced, and they always have a sale of some sort. Ken is the man! Always down to answer questions, and help you find sizes. THE spot in vegas for sure.
5	Love this place!!! Lots of funky, fresh clothes. Not much of a girl selection, but still love it. I love boutiques that are artsy and has personality and this place is both.
5	If you've ever been to Supreme NY/LA or other similar clothing boutiques- I can almost guarantee that you got ZERO customer service. Yeah I get it, its the under paid kid with the holier than thou persona, living up to the companies hype... But, if you don't want to deal with that crappy attitude, KNYEW is the spot. You get a "what's up" the minute you walk in and that makes a big difference for any customers. When you walk in, more than likely its Ken working and you can't miss him with his afro mane LOL! He is one cool cat who knows his sh*t and he's always willing to help you out- from finding sizes to letting you know whats dropping next. Customer service like that will always bring me back.The shop has a clean and simple layout. The store is well lit with white walls, they have wooden floors, a scene of NY on the back wall along with their logo, a bunch of framed b/w pics, a few tables, wooden shelves to display shirts, racks of clothes line the walls, and the decor is comprised of boom boxes, rap action figures, old school memorabillia...basically its an ode to NY/ Hip Hop. 2 of the founders are native New Yorkers, DJ Crooked and DJ Neva, both who are LV resident DJ's. They carry all the popular brands as well as their own label, such as Crooks, The Hundreds, HUF, In4mation, Coup de Grace, 10 Deep, Diamond, etc. They also carry accessories such as dj supplies, belts, wallets, key chains, stickers, lighters, kicks, hats, and beanies. Don't forget to check their sale merch-you just might find that diamond in the rough. Their prices are the same as other clothing boutiques but, its best to support your very own local LV businesses. Check out  their blog for new releases, http://knyew.blogspot.com/The store hours are Sun-Mon 12pm-7pm and Tues-Sat 11am-8pmMuch respect to KNYEW for finally giving LV a place to get your FRESH ON!!Aloha
5	Tucked away along the Spring Mountain corridor its one of three boutiques I rotate around in Vegas. Good people, dope music, nice clothes. They carry a nice array of items from Black Scale, HUF to 10 Deep, accessories, a sale rack and an even slimmer rack for women. Even some DJ tools (serato control vinyl, needles, slipmats, etc) as well. Clean, well laid out, decorated with various hip hop related art, toys and photography. Going back soon for sure..
5	Great urban clothing for men and women!  A must see in Vegas...upscale boutique meets the streets!
5	These guys are great!  They got tons of killer street wear fashion you cant get anywhere else in Vegas.
4	Limited Knyew x The Hundreds snapback, I had to cop because at the same time I wanted a lil souvenir from Vegas as well.  I called ahead to make sure they had some left.  They were kind enough to hold one for me and I got the very last one.  Woohoo!
5	This spot is legit. Great clothing, friendly and knowledgable staff and convenient location.
4	Probably the only place in the city with a large selection of street wear merchandise. Price are about the same as other street wear stores I've been at in Cali but I've experience great service in this store. Parking is pretty hard to find depending on what part of the day. Recommend this place for anybody into street wear.
5	KNYEW got that new new. :) haha. Stumbled across this spot while waiting for Hot N Juicy and so glad I did... Super in the cuts at a random Asian plaza. They have a tiny women's selection... super tiny actually, but it's a good selection. The men's clothing selection is on point. My friend bought like 3 shirts for 15 bucks each from their sale selection, I was super jealous. Purchased my first Dimepiece apparel and loved it. Customer service is great and the layout of the entire store is great... Will definitely be back when I'm back in Vegas.
5	This is a dope ass joint to get the illest shit that you can't find anywhere in vegas..I give it about 12 stars
5	This place is a pretty standard streetwear boutique as far as looks and merchandise. What makes them better than most is their personable service. Something you don't find in stores similar to this. Plus, they're east coast folks. Gotta give em a star just for that. Support this local business!
5	I was so happy when I found this store! I love the brand Crooks and Castles and am not the biggest fan of Zumies , so I hated that it was the only store I knew about that carried Crooks.I went to this store looking for a shirt in particular and they had it! Not only that it was on sale for half of what I would of paid online! The woman's selection is TINY.. but good! When I was there almost all of the woman's clothes was on sale? Does that mean  they are taking out the woman's clothes? I hope they don't, I actually hope they make it bigger! I would love to be able to get all my clothes here! The men's clothing looked great also! Very clean nice store with good prices compared to the mall.. Check this place out has great urban clothes you will surely find something!
5	Great stock of urban apparel brands.  Even full stock of women's clothing!  Super chill and friendly customer service.  Don't be shy to check out whatever is on sale, you will find some DEALS.  Legit!
5	Dope Spot! Online stores like Karmaloop kill places like this but Knyew has a lot of support, fresh gear and we need more urban wear stores like this around.
5	Has a lot of really nice styles of clothing! Has awesome accessories too and very nice staff!
5	Got a few pairs of kicks from these guys. Great locally owned store with unique gear.
5	Have been to Knyew a couple times. Always great spot to pick up some new clothing and take advantage of sale items. Staff are super friendly and also provided some rad recommendations on where to eat nearby.
2	There is a love hate relationship with this place.  The shop is very hip-hop, has a good selection of very unique styles. If you know the term hip-hop clothing then you'll love this place. I visit this store seasonal, as the selection kinda stays the same for months on end, however I do feel like I don't want to visit or support this store anymore.On my last visit, I was wearing one of their shirts, and I was with 3 other people.  My friend who was wearing a California shirt, which I happened to give him on my last trip to California, was greeted by a sales associate.  She then told my friend her opinion about California shirts, and how she thinks they are "played out."  After hearing this, being from California, I kinda don't want to shop there any more.Why would a sales associate trying to make a sale, state a opinion on what my friend is wearing. I don't do that at my store and I also work retail clothing.  I guess everyone has a opinion, but I felt she attacked my home state with her comment. I know I'm at a New York store, I didn't know the whole eastcoast westcoast thing still went on.So... I don't plan on ever going back and paying 30 dollars on a plain white pro club, when a shop down the street sells them at 3 for 10. I don't think I'll walk into that store again. I don't think I will ever buy anything from them. I have deleted them off my bookmarks and now am done with this store . Maybe I'm over reacting but, when someone makes fun of my friend about a shirt I bought him, which had my home on it, I get offended.Cool stuff, but I don't need the douchebag attitude that comes with walking in to the shop.
4	I have been here a few times and they have a good selection on streetwear items. The prices are decent and they usually have some really good sale items. The staff is really chill and helpful and the overall atmosphere of the store is chill.
5	I'll start by saying their staff was crazy friendly. Angel (I think that was his name) took care of me and referred me to Urban Necessities for kicks. I usually expect to deal with dirtbomb, stuck up ass people in boutiques like this, but what I got was the exact opposite. I support this brand 100% and will be back the next time I'm in town!Peace to the KNYEW camp, I appreciate you guys.
5	I came to vegas for my usual thanksgiving reunion and I've been following knyew for a while on Instagram so I thought I should go check it out yesterday for Black Friday. I waited in line to get in and it was so worth it!! This is definitely one of my fave boutiques to go to in Vegas besides stussy and undefeated. I love how they carried all the brands I was looking for and they even had great Black Friday deals. I'm gonna stop by again and pick up more stuff before I go back to Cali. I also met jnelv she's so pretty in person and she's sooo sweet, I love the how she remembered me and my sis name and the customer service was great my whole visit at the store. thanks guys
5	KNYEW is probably the best place you can go to to get your street wear fix in the Las Vegas area. They're doing big things and are still so humble. Every time I step into the store, I get greeted and helped in a chill way. The staff is always knowledgable about their products and their inventory. The boutique is always organized and clean and the music they play is always on point. They're website, blog and Instagram are always updated. Thanks KNYEW for keeping me up to date with all the new trends.
