4	This place is 4.5 stars for me. I've been coming here for many years ever since they opened. This place is ALWAYS crowded during dinner time, if you come around 6-8 you will probably have to wait unless if you made a reservation, this is particularly true on the weekends. I have tried numerous appetizers, pasta entree, burger entree, and cheesecake desserts. Overall, the flavor of the food is great, the presentation is also commendable and the portion is very large. Because of the large portion, on some of their dishes they offer 1/2 sizes. The interior decoration is very nice, 2 floor high ceiling, golden deco, very spacious and many different sections. They have a full bar overlooking a great view. When you order pasta, they always bring out parmasan and shred it right in front of you. Love their pesto and sundries tomatoes. They also always bring put a basket of wheat and white bread after you order. Entrees range around 12-18 dollar. Appetizers around $8-12. Their appetizers are pretty big too, i ordered the avocado spring rolls once and i was able to eat it as an entree. The avocado spring rolls are amazing, i highly recommend them. They are different than any other spring rolls you've had. Perfect flavor and consistency over a crispy shell. If i remembered correctly, there are 6 large half pieces of spring rolls. The cheesecakes are around $6-8 per piece. Very large size served on a large plate, can be shared among 2-3 people. Drinks are around $7-12, pretty good as well, great mixed drinks.
3	We had a great time at the cheesecake factory. We sat outside an the weather was great. The food was excellent. I had the shrimp and chicken gumboo....hummm humm.  Goood!!! My hubby had the flip flop salmon special. As usual he is not sure of the item but I know it was a special. It was great. The waitress was good, but we ordered drinks and had to ask if they were coming before or after we finished the food....lol  The Mai Tai made it...an it was gr8. We will definitely return as the summer time has a shorter wait time.
4	The "short novel" that is the menu boasts a huge variety.  If you can't find something you like here, maybe you don't really like anything.I have never had bad service or bad food.  I love their small plates and the cheesecake is OMG!  If I have a friend visiting, I almost always make it by here just because the restaurant is so pretty inside.  Check them out, they're a nice place!
5	Things did NOT go as planned tonight. But our server, and two managers went above and beyond to ensure our Anniversary dinner ended on a high note. All in all, very pleased.
4	Went for dinner after my cousin's graduation. We had a party of 16 and they were very accommodating. We had two servers and they were both very good. Everything came out promptly and they kept our tables clean and drinks full. Food was great which I have come to expect from Cheesecake Factory. Everyone enjoyed their food and of course most of us took cheesecake to go. Our one server (Mike?) was a riot, he felt like one of the gang and I'm sure we drove him a little nuts with how big our group was, but he was awesome! Thanks for another great dining experience Cheesecake Factory!
2	I would have definitely gave five stars but this time we got the express service! The drink and appetizers were served 3 minutes after we sat down. We were interrupted every minute by the waitress who rely wanted to know if we have enjoyed out Factory Nachos!!! Really? She introduced the desert menu before even we finished our drink!!! Lol We have always had great service but not today....  I'm putting one star to my review just maybe to get their attention and work with their employees to better serve customers.  Food is always great their and tiramisu for desert with coffee is always the best endings. I will keep going their with my family. Food and drinks deserve 7 stars.
