4	Although it may be too early to actually give this place a rating, I can adjust it later. We went yesterday for wings and it is only their second day working. This is actually more of a 3 star restaurant but obviously you know what your getting into when going to a BWW. Our table had 4 people and for how busy they were, to only miss a couple of items on our table was really no big deal. They were quick to apologize and bring us our correct food, and that's all you can expect.There were no games on by the time we arrived, but I can tell this is going to be a great spot to catch some games. HUGE 70 inch plasma LCD's and a large 100 inch projection screen that actually looks bigger than that.Can't wait to get back there for a game and some beers.
3	Waited in line for 10 hours on opening day for years worth of wings.  They let us all in and the atmosphere was nice, service was great.I got the spicy garlic boneless wings, this was my first time trying boneless wings and I can honestly say they were awful.  It taste like a Tyson chicken nugget with there sauce on them.  My friends got traditional wings and say they were great, so I would just stay away from boneless.Also, the GM seemed like a total dick, not sure if he was just stressed or something, but to be in the people business, he better change!  All in all, a great place that's open late!
4	Finally!  B-Dubs returns to Scottsdale.  Ever since the location in North Scottsdale closed, I've been waiting for it to return.  They opened earlier this week and we were anxious to give it a try.  Since they were new, we were expecting the worst in customer service...there are always a few hiccups here and there during opening week....not here though!  We were greeted by smiling, friendly hostesses who seated us at a table in the bar area.  We asked if they could put on a specific baseball game on one of the TV's, and they accommodated.  Our server gave us a run down of the menu & specials.  I threw her for a loop when I asked for an IPA, it was National IPA Day...she didn't know what that was.  That's ok, most people under 21 don't know what that is.  She smiled and said she'd ask the bartender and let me know.  She promptly returned and told me that they had Hop Knot IPA and Firestone IPA....I ordered the Hop Knot IPA first, then the Firestone 2nd...yum!For dinner, we ordered:Queso & Chili Diphttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buffalo-wild-wings-scottsdale-2?select=35tWJX8t0jOppa8akUSfyQ#35tWJX8t0jOppa8akUSfyQCheeseburger Slidershttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buffalo-wild-wings-scottsdale-2?select=MW6o7ZqiBpR3DI0Qdg4TTA#MW6o7ZqiBpR3DI0Qdg4TTAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buffalo-wild-wings-scottsdale-2?select=VcPnbq9ofF80r6IdSCM1yg#VcPnbq9ofF80r6IdSCM1ygBoneless Wings, 40 cents ea.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buffalo-wild-wings-scottsdale-2?select=mZsJCccMnqgBmSE_B6RXQw#mZsJCccMnqgBmSE_B6RXQwThe food came out rather quickly and we enjoyed our dinner while watching baseball games and shooting the breeze.  Our server remained attentive the entire time and ensured that we were good.Overall, I am very impressed with their opening week.  I can't wait to come back during football season!
1	so big fan of buffalo wild wings. I've been to the tempe location many times and as a sports bar they have games on and play the sound from the games. This location, they were blasting club music. Even after we asked if they could play the sound from the game or atleast turn the music down they said the first week management wanted music way up. I think I still have headache from being there. At some point they will figure out what they need to be and thats a sports bar with good beer, wings, and sports. I am willing to amend my review if things change.
3	I had lunch here w/ my Father-In-Law after the movies. The first thing we noticed were TV's all around. There are two seating areas, the dining & bar section. The focal point were the huge projection screens in both sections for your viewing pleasure. I'll admit, it is new & may have a few wrinkles to iron out. We placed our order & when we received our food, the serving staff didn't bother to ask who had what & ended up handing each other opposite lunches. Overall food & drinks were good. I would suggest more personnel training & it is sure to be the place to eat & watch all your sports games.
1	Service isn't that great. The 3 times I've gone the waiter swipes my card for everyone else when my and friends got separate checks. There's too many young girls. They need more training. Very clueless waiters. Sorry. But I rather drive all the way to Tempe bww then go to Scottsdales even thou I live a few blocks away. Foods good. Just to eat there.NO!!!!
5	I go here every couple of days for lunch good food service varies by person all in all I would suggest you have a bite here and lunch specials and beer specials are pretty good!!
4	My father and I visited for lunch on a Sunday hoping to watch the baseball game and grab some lunch. We were told to seat ourselves in the bar area and it took almost 15 minutes for our waiter to notice us. He explained that there were people in white who would being us free samples. I was feeling light so I ordered the Chicken chopped salad. My father ordered the Streak Burger. My father really enjoyed his burger. He had the parm/garlic sauce. The chicken chopped salad was fresh but the chicken was cold. The sauce does not translate well when served cold instead I warm. The manager said that is the way they serve it now. She said next time I can order it warmed up or even crispy. We will see. Usually great service can redeem any poor kitchen output. This was not the case with our waiter.  He was polite and all but seemed distracted or too busy to fuss Ruth has. Has to seek other servers for refills and it took him quite a bit of time to get us our bill. That being said... When the bill arrived Bell the manager grabbed our bill and exchanged it. She comped my salad and next time she wants me to try it with crispy chicken.   I was planning on a 2 star rating but comping and entire dish is exceptional. Manager Bell, not only have you earned a nice review but I will give your restaurant another shot but maybe with crispy chicken this time
5	Super friendly staff as I walked in for a late lunch around 1:30pm. I haven't been to one in awhile and the changes are for the better. They allow you to taste up to six sauces and seasonings before you order. They also have lunch madness menu til 2pm where my choice was found. It was 8 boneless wings with fries and fixings for $7.99. You basically get free fries and one free wing which saves you about 3 bucks. You can also get two sauces per order. Everything was spot on. Lots of new items and Happy Hour starts at 2pm which is a bonus. Chipotle BBQ seasoning/dry rub was a  tasty choice. Staff is trained well and everybody tries to be really friendly.
1	We've been to this location in Scottsdale four times since the first day they opened. Every time we've been there the service has been horrible! The food is overpriced, and not that great for bar food. They manage to screw up our order each time and take forever to bring back the right order. Last time was the final straw when we arrived and were told it would be 15-20 minutes to sit us. Less than 10 minutes later, two guys walked in and got seated in a booth by the same girl who was having us wait. We complained to the manager(s) and their excuse is always that they're still in training. Each of the four times we've been there it's never the same girls working. We won't go back again and have advised other friends to not go there due to the high prices and extremely POOR service.
1	I had never been to a BWW before, so we decided to try this one since it was new and close.  Not a good experience - the music was so loud that we could barely hear ourselves talk.  The dining room was so crammed with tables, it was completely uncomfortable.  We ordered regular and boneless wings, and we told ten minutes later that they had run out of boneless wings.  The server had told us that the wing sauce was not spicy, yet we couldn't even eat it.  There was nothing good to say about this visit, and though it is right around the corner, we will not be back.
3	We went during opening week because we had a coupon for a free "snack size" wing to promote their grand opening. The food was as expected. I tend to think I like spicy things. The medium sauce was not spicy to me so I'll definitely be trying the hot next time we go. Because it was opening week the service seemed a bit off/discombobulated. When we got our food, there was an additional plate of plain wings we didn't order. The person said we could have it anyway since they already made it. Cool. Except they charged us for it at the end of the meal. The manager was very nice and removed the item from our ticket so no big deal. We all ordered iced tea. The first round was good, the refill was water! When I tried to explain that the tea was brewed wrong I got a very blank look and a replacement glass of... water. I tried to explain again that the tea was not brewed correctly and finally got a third glass of correctly brewed iced tea. Will go again and hopefully this time all the kinks will be worked out. Is conveniently located off the 101 on Indian Bend.
4	This place is exactly what you think it is...It's a sports bar, but it's a large chain of BWWs, so everything is corporate.  You definitely don't get that feeling of a neighborhood sports bar like Duke's, Zipps or Pranksters where you can really feel at home and be appreciated for being a regular customer. The food is pretty average.  The servers are all nice, but they are all pretty young, so there are some mistakes.  Just bring your patience and leave your expectations at home. One thing I was REALLY surprised by:  So many parents brought their kids with them.  No sports bar (or sit down restaurant in general) is kid friendly.  Imagine people drinking beer and yelling profanities at all of the TVs.  That's exactly what happens.  I guess that's why it's so strange to see kids in a sports bar.  During my visit, there were so many kids, you couldn't walk to the restroom without tripping over one. Just weird.
2	Ive never been a huge fan of this place.  Buffalo Wild Wings is good for one thing.. their wings.  However I was pretty disappointed in the wings this time.  Im a dry rub person when they are available.  Tasted like their wings were cooked way too long.  So they were not great.Best Buffalo Wild Wings was the one of Scottsdale 101... but they closed and are another sports bar.
4	A co worker and fellow Foodie recommended this place when I was asking about wings friday night. After being seated the waitress gave my son a game tablet that interacted with stuff going on in the restaurant. He was a happy camper while we waited for the food! Bonus because I didn't have to shell out quarters for what I think of as pointless games! Our Waitress Kat was pretty cool! She was friendly with a little bit of attitude. She took well to the friendly teasing of my boyfriend. She answer our questions and gave her opinion on the flavors we asked about. (I am new to the "Wing" Craze, so I had a few) Kat was on top of her game getting us refills at just the right moment and keeping our table clutter free. I for one LOVED my wings! I had the Asian Zing, sweet BBQ and Honey BBQ. All three  tasted terrific. I loved the sweet flavor of the chili on the Asian Zing and the BBQ flavors were right on the money! I couldn't finish all of my order so I took it home and I had them the next day. EVEN BETTER!!!!! The heat kicked up a notch sitting over night! But still in the reasonable range for my taste! I tasted my son's burger and it was okay.They have fried pickles which I had been hearing about but never tried...I didn't like them! Personal taste on that one! BUT what I really liked is that the place had a couple of girls walking around giving out samples of the sauces and of the pickles! So it was no big deal that I didn't like the pickles because it didn't cost me anything to try!! I think that is a smart move on BWW's part!I have to be honest and say that the boyfriend wasn't as excited about his wings as I was mine. But my son devoured the parmesan Garlic wings the next day!I will be looking to eat at BWW again real soon! Maybe next weekend!!
4	I had a HORRIBLE day and nothing was going right.  I was supposed to meet up with friends here, but my car battery died along with another whole string of events that I will spare you...the dear waiter had heard of all the atrocities that had happened to me and offered to pick me up on his break and guaranteed I would have a better day.  I toted my butt in a cab over and everyone was way ahead but having a blast.  Matt our waiter was fantastic, but unfortunately as I arrived it was time for him to clock out.  He was very charming and funny though; you are lucky if you have him as a server.  Matt was replaced by Macy who was also a doll and kept the draft beer flowing.  She hooked me up with two flavors of wings on my small order and gave me a huge bowl of celery to lap up the yummy sauces.  Unfortunately my 49ers lost, and they had huge big screens to remind me of that!  Haha!  All and all this is a good sports bar, lots of TVs, big bar, great specials, and outstanding service.  My wings were just okay and seemed a bit pricey to me, but the beer was cheap to make up for it.  I will definitely be back for beer and sports because the service was impeccable and it is close to home!
2	Yuck. The food was terrible. The fries were cold, then microwaved. The waitress was nice enough but not very attentive. The atmosphere isn't very comfortable. I don't see a reason to go back.
3	I had a really bad experience back home with buffalo wild wings but we decide to give it another shot. Nachos were good the wings were ok they were a little dry for my taste. so compare to my back home experience I will say this is a better spot. One thing is for sure Sunday football this place is crazy crowed.
1	Took 10 min ( not exaggerating) to get a server to come by and great us. While at least 5 were standing around. The manager finally noticed and sent one server over. The food was good, however they messed my order up twice. First was not boneless as ordered and sauce was wrong. Than, was boneless and sauce was still wrong. They took it off the check however, do not intend on returning.
3	Boneless wings are the deal on Thursday. Travis struggled a bit but the TV kept us entertained.  The mac and cheese really was cheap and good.
3	A bunch of us came after the ROC Race.  This was my first time at this location.  We had ordered different wings, salad, and a burger.  The burger arrived quickly, but the salad and wings took forever to arrive.  We were all starving by that time.  The service was lacking.  I guess they didn't expect a large crowd that day.  Their wings were not anything special either.  It's wings, not sure why it took so long.
3	It's such a bummer that the service here is awful because the food is good. There were so many tables open but a 20 minute wait and a manager walking around looking lost along with 3 hostesses just standing around. Wait staff is nice but no sense of urgency and I even saw the cook walking out of the back with a tray of food while yelling at the waitresses "You complain it's slow but then you let the food sit here." Hopefully management steps up their game and trains the staff to provide better service. Good thing the food is good otherwise I'd go someplace else.
4	B dub dubs! When seemingly no other sports bar is showing that boxing match, Buffalo Wild Wings saves the day. This location doesn't get as packed as the Tempe location and yet packs the same great attributes that each BWW has to offer: Above average wings, large draft beers, and TV's in every direction. When you come in, you're greeted in the front "hallway" by friendly staff. To your immediate right is a large open area with lots of tables of varying sizes and booths surrounding. Continue onward and you'll hit the bar with more seating and access to the patio. There's one giant screen in the big front area that tends to be the main attraction, though you can get a great view nearly anywhere. Though there aren't any TVs in the bathroom, the audio is a lot clearer, allowing you to hear what you're missing.Favorite food and drink picks: Honey BBQ traditional wings and Gamechanger beer (it's like a lighter IPA). Great combo!My friends and I like to hunker down at a table Saturday to catch all the games. If there's a boxing match that evening, it's a huge bonus. There's also no cover, just encouraged eating and drinking. Even when we've overstayed our welcome, the waitresses have always been very nice and make us feel at home. Keep it up and I'll keep coming back.
3	I went with some friends to watch some sunday football. Here's the long & short of it: The wings are fine, not fantastic. That was actually kind of disappointing. I know a lot of people like boneless wings, so if that is your fancy, you will probably be happy! I was impressed by how many beers they had on tap. The service wasn't seamless, but I know this is a new location. I'm not eager to return, but if you're in the area or want to watch & football games at once - this is a good place to do it!
5	YEEAAAEEEEE YEEEAAAAEEEEEE!!!!! B-Dubs never dissapoints, gots to town & threw down on some BANGIN wings all to wash it down with the CHEAPEST BEER IN TOWN!!!!!! Thanx to all over there doin it how it should be done!!!!
4	Good location, always busy, decent parking, and food is 100 time better than the Hooters that is literally across the street.The food is always good.Warning to the pregnant ladies: Some of the wing sauces that may not bother you before you were pregnant, will set off the morning sickness just by smell alone. Use caution!!!
2	Went there with another couple to try it out. Walked in and it was just a big open box with a partial divider for the bar area. Screens everywhere but the music was so loud we couldn't talk across the table. Finally ordered drinks and some food. A friend ordered boneless wings buffalo style hot. They came out breaded with this dry powder on them like Cheeto dust. They were awful. My other friend had about 5 mixed drinks and he said it felt like 1. Would not go back. Went to the one in Flagstaff and it was fine.
5	Wings wing wings, what more can you say?
4	Good 'ole B Dubs. This place will be kicking over Spring Training. Built right across from and old Hooters, the location, food, and service are better. I recommend the Spicy Garlic bone in with blue cheese, but that's just me.Great place to watch any sporting event. Plenty of beers on tap for the beer snob in you life. Service can be flawed at times but the staff is empowered to correct any issues. I'll be back...again and again and again...
1	Waited for 10 minutes before anyone came to our table and that was only after we asked the hostess.... Order was wrong when it came out, wings were luke warm, servers were oblivious. Won't be going back.
3	B-dubs is okay. I mean it is what it is, if you haven't been and like wings, you should try it out. It's a concept restaurant so the focus is on consistency over new innovation like all restaurants of this type. I'll tell you one thing though, this dude I work with has such a huge crush on this place. There is one opening in our area and I guess first 100 people in the door get free wings for a year. He's telling me, "so when it opens, is it okay if I'm out that day to wait in line." Basically this place is great for bringing your Indian friends if they eat chickens.
3	A group of coworkers and I came here before the spring training game last Friday and since I am not a huge fan of BWW, I had already decided that I'd be getting wings and fries. I was surprised that there wasn't a ton of people when we arrived around 5 and we had a big table out on the patio. We had I think 3 servers working on our group which I think added to the chaos of the evening. Meals came out out of order, I received my fries about 10 minutes after my wings, we had to wait about 15 minutes for someone to come out to order another round of drinks, etc etc. Don't get me wrong, the servers were all nice and apologetic, but something seemed off during our visit. A couple of folks in my party complained about the food quality, but what I had was good. As I left I overheard the manager telling another table that they were overwhelmed with the spring training crowd, but considering that games have been going on for a few weeks, it seemed a little surprising that they were still experiencing kinks. Can't say if and when I'll be back.
1	Came in for lunch, it took 15 minutes just to be able to place our order. (Mind you this is our lunch break). Even though the cheeseburger sliders were the same price as the pulled pork sliders they would not do one of each style on a plate, that just couldn't be done. Then it took 25 minutes to get our food. I was not impressed by the service and disappointed by their lack of flexibility in changing up my order so I could try two of their menu items. I don't think I'll be back.
4	The customer service at this b-dubs is unreasonably good.  They're quick, friendly, and frequently check to make sure you don't need more wings or drinks.From any seat in the house you can see at least a dozen TV's.  Unfortunately, they're all showing various types of sportsball, so there's not much to watch.
4	I love going to BWW on Tuesdays and Thursdays for the wing deals. Today we went for the Thursday boneless wing day. Katie did a great job serving us. She was attentive and timely. We will return!
5	Still a great location.  The staff will turn on any game you want. The large beers are only 3 bucks at happy hour and so are the decent mozzarella sticks. Get the southwest ranch to dip is my suggestion. Good manager also tonight as he overruled the server after a close call on the sticks and happy hour prices. The sticks are worth $3.00, but not worth the full price of $6.79.
2	The food sucks about as much as the wait staff... Do not go there unless you only plan on drinking.
3	We were very excited this opened but have had a few repeated bad take out experiences. Basically the cooks don't know their menu and added Caesar dressing to the crispy chicken wraps we ordered on three different occasions. The last time was the last straw. Don't trust your takeout order and check everything! We drove back and they remade everything but comped us on our 'next meal'. I doubt there will be a next time. Sad bc this is a cool sports bar but I have other choices.Update. Went for lunch and had great food and service. BW3 your stock is rising just in time for Football season!
3	They have good deals goin on. Perfect for when you are craving bar food. Their artichoke and cheese dip was good! I tried the Asian wings and they had a nice tangy taste to it. Not as spicy as I expected it to be.
4	If the prices were better, I would give this more stars. They also lost a little by being out of Ghost Pepper Sauce for the SECOND TIME!!! Just not fair. You will be poor when you leave. But the servers are always attentive, peppy, not on their phones ALL the time like some other places that employ younger staff. Go at happy hour and you might survive. Or just bring cash and throw care to the wind and get the LARGE wing order with four sauces and share with your friends. The dry rubs are also worth trying. You can win a Tee for eating 12 Blazing wings in 6 minutes. Nice prize for us pepper heads to have in our wardrobe. TVs wall to wall, trivia and card games also ongoing. Really something for everyone. Never had a bad time here. Oh, and they have dessert. You will want that after the wing challenge, Get something with ice cream.
1	Our waitress did not come help us until half an hour after we were seated and did not even apologize. The hostess had to get our drinks and tell the waitress to come take our order.
1	The service is so bad as is the food.  The Manager could care less.  The waitress lost our credit card but delivered the check and never told us.It took 28 mins to get check and we were late for event.  The food is so bad, the last 2 times I chose to not eat at the Restaurant as the concession food is better at a High School football game.Avoid!!!!!
1	Bad service. Screwed up multiple times. No napkins. No silverware. Forgot to take one persons order. Wouldn't go here again.
2	The server seemed like he was in a rush the entire time even though the place wasn't very packed. I hate the way you can't get multiple sauces (unlike native and wing stop) unless you order a massive amount. They even charge you for more ranch! We ordered nachos with our wings and they forgot to bring out the chicken. Rather than take it back and add it they just brought out a tray of chicken separately and he was to throw it on top covering up all the chips and having so sauce on the chicken. When we left the server had charged us for a Coors light we didn't have so we had to wait for the bill to be fixed. The place is over priced for wings which can be ordered anywhere. Beer selection sucks too if youre a craft beer drinker.
2	Food fine but the TV said wings were 60 cents and the girl said 65....when I asked about it I was told "Oh that's  corporate." No that's false advertising according to weights and measures.....we sat at the bar and the bartender just seemed out of it.  No smile and she was slow....not being a boy seemed to affect us.
4	The wings are BIG - and there are about 2 dozen sauces to pick from!  The salad was good too!
1	I am very upset with this location. I placed an order online for pick up and set my pick up time for 12:20pm. I arrived at the location and paid for my order and I was told that it would only be 5 more minutes - which I thought was acceptable. 15 minutes go by and I'm a little frustrated at this point. I asked the hostess if she would be able to find out how much longer until my order is ready. She went into the kitchen and came out and let me know just a couple more minutes. I got my order at 12:46....26 minutes later and I receive my order that I should have gotten at 12:20. I am very upset with the service I received and I will definitely not be coming back to this location.
3	BDubs is always a hit to go watch a game, enjoy a brew, and spend time with a group of your friends. Service is consistent and no matter where you are sitting you most likely will have a good view of the television. They have a pretty good happy hour and for a chain the wings are decent. This place is in a good location, staff is friendly, and you will not be disappointed if you have. A group of friends together to go watch a game. Besides beer, mixed drinks, and apps, I cannot comment on the food. I have never gone to wild wings for lunch or dinner. They also have automated poker and trivia.
