4	$.35 chicken wings on Wednesday!  $5.00 breakfast specials before 6AM
5	This place is Great! I love the wing specials
3	It's better than average bar food.. but still bar food none the less. I've felt myself compelled to come here and then couldn't find anything appetizing while perusing the menu.This location is nicer than the one just down the road, more open, feels cleaner. The bartenders here range from really nice to just getting the job done. Jenna is always very friendly, and Sunny is.. efficient. Late night specials run Mon-Fri 12am-6am. For $5 you can get a cheeseburger with fries. It's a pretty solid burger. They also have a breakfast special which comes with two hotcakes, two eggs, hashbrowns and your choice of sausage or bacon (the bacon is killer!)Good for late nights, but that's the only time I come here.
4	Timbers is still one of my local bar food favs..You can always get good BBQ wings or grilled cheese to settle that urge for bar food. Try the Hot BBQ wings with blue chees is deelish!!
3	Food was good. Service sucked. You had to wait forever to get a waitress to your table. Then she forgets what you asked for so you have to wait again. Asked for the check and that took forever. Finally came back and I paid right away but she didn't give me a pen to sign my name so more waiting. Needless to say, I didn't tip at all and I was very dissatisfied.
5	Great place for good food and drinks. Decent afternoon and late might happy hours.  Friendly and comfortable. Must be over 21.
5	I'm always coming here, love it. Long waits but the waitress is friendly and always hysterical with us. Never sent anything back due to wrong or under cooked food!
4	I personally prefer Timbers more than PTS... laid back atmosphere, they usually have beer specials .. good place to gamble and play some pool.
1	We seriously just encountered the worst service of all time, our servers name was Erlinda and she literally brought the ticket at the time she brought the food. A few minutes later as we are eating, she asks us to pay the bill now so she can go home. I have no words for this service. If you have a choice, pick a different place to frequent.
4	1st time in and have no complaints! We had 2 waitresses taking great care of us. Wings were good and so was the grilled cheese. Comfy chairs and TVs everywhere. I only gave 4 stars because it was smokey in here.
5	Been going to this place pretty consistently for about 5 years. Jaime, Cassy, Amber, Sunny, and Erlinda are rock stars! Very professional and extremely accommodating. I've put a lot of money in the machines over the years and I would guess I've broke even, or I might be down a bit but I have no regrets. Timbers is an awesome neighborhood bar. The food is awesome, especially the wings!! There have been a lot of late night runs to grab food for me. They're open 24/7/365, so I've never had worry about making it it on time.Anytime is the right time. :D
1	We tried this spot on a Friday evening for a late night bite to eat with a beverage. But we only had one drink and left. By far the worst services I've ever experienced at a bar. The lady that greeted us was kind enough to let's is know their waitress called out sick and asked us to sit at the bar because her shift was ending. If I didn't already order my drink I would have left. We got to the bar and the 3 bartenders were to busy chatting amoungst theirselves and couldn't take our order. Realizing they were just being lazy to walk 2ft behind the bar to serve us was upsetting because their were less then 10 people in the bar and the other 8 seemed to be regulars. We will never go to Timbers again!!!!
4	We had a nice dinner and a few drinks.  The food was good and Steffi, our waitress, was great.  One of the patrons, (a regular, I think,) was way out of control, and nearly caused an unpleasant confrontation with us.  Management stepped in and did the right thing by us, so we have to applaud them for that.
3	Solid 3.5.  Great American bar food and top notch locals bar drinks.  Service was excellent and waitress did a great job on a steelers game day.  The Bozeman beef dip is really great and the best I've had at the locals bar type eateries (Steiners etc.).   Great place to watch a game, have a drink with friends or have some bar food appetizers.  Reasonably priced.
3	Food is good, but not great. Service is acceptable with no complaints.  It's a local hangout and has a great atmosphere.
1	Isn't this a sports bar?  No specials for MNF, just the happy hour, which ends 90 minutes before the game ends. No big deal, unless you're marketing yourself as a Sportsbar - in which case honor the game and have a MNF, SNF, TNF special
5	This place is awesome. It is a sports bar so the atmosphere is sporty. Staff is awesome and friendly. Food is delicious and extremely affordable. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
