5	If you are looking for a great place to buy or service a vacuum this is the place to go. The staff is professional, courteous and honest. I brought my machine in for cleaning and a cord replacement and they did a FANTASTIC job and they got it back to me so fast. I also brought it back in for a problem (my fault) and Corey fixed it and sent me on my way, no charge. Just a great local business and I would highly recommend them to anyone. Hats off to them and thanks for the great service.
5	i have used this company on many occasion and not rated them.on every visit which included purchase as well as 2 repair requests, i have received the best greeting...and also the best repair service.  they made sure we were given progress reports for service as well as cost and time.these are great folks with which to do business.
4	Needed quick vacuum repair and they came through big time. They were able to make the repair on the spot, most unexpected! When it comes to sewing machine and vacuum repair, this is the place. Highly recommend!!
5	Great service, super nice employees.  I took two Dysons in for repair/tune up and both came back in working order.  They even discovered that one of the canisters was broken and under warranty...had it shipped and ready when I picked up the machine.  I only have one negative, and it  is a personal preference.  When the machines were returned, they had a "fake" carpet freshener smell.  I noticed they sell carpet fresheners/beads, etc. and the whole store smells that way.  I don't care for that smell and would have preferred not to have my vacuum smell like that.  I put my vacuum outside for a couple of days and the smell went away.  Next time, I'll ask they not use that product.
5	Old fashioned customer service!  Called to ask about making an appointment for my vacuum...he asked what it was doing and I said making a terrible noise.  He said to just bring it on in.  He plugged it in, diagnosed the problem, took it to the back and came out with my vacuum....all fixed...in about 5 minutes total.  It had a piece of plastic stuck in the brush roller.  I asked how much I owed, he said nothing.  I tried to tip, but he refused with a smile. He seriously could have said I needed to replace the motor or other part (like I think some car repairmen do) for a bunch of money. I asked about replacing the filter, he checked it, said it was a little dirty, I could hose it off and it would be fine.  Again, could have sold me a new filter.  I am very very pleased with my experience here.  Obviously won't rip you off.  Highly recommend.
5	I dropped by last weekend to see if I could leave my vacuum for repair. The gentleman plugged it in, took a quick look and said he could pop in a new brush and belt while I waited. It took maybe 5 minutes and was $35. Machine works great now. I couldn't be happier. SUCH SERVICE is so unexpected!
