5	Great service, great selection. Staff very helpful in finding the right costume.
2	I was a fan when they were in their former location, off of Tenaya/Lake Mead. I was on an "on foot field trip/excursion" this day and decided to stop here in the way. I was looking for: striped candy looking tights, fingerless gloves, top hat, and biker hat.I found the two hats, but not really to my expectations.I ended up looking around a bit,maybe a total of ten minutes, then I left for my next stop.Here's why the 2 stars:I see that there are "cameras are watching you, don't shoplift" signs plastered all over the store, but you really don't even come out of the all mirrored office to say hello to your customers? I heard them all chatting it up back there and not once did someone come out to say ANYTHING. Once someone did pop out, and it was to look at a register or computer...didn't make eye contact. That really blew me away...to the extent that I may not shop here again. If I wasted to just look aimlessly and not be helped by a person, I can do that on the internet :p
3	We came here for some last minute Halloween accessories. We weren't able to find anything to buy, but they had a good amount of stock for a last minute visit. The prices seemed to be on par with the rest of the Halloween shops we checked out. Staff wasn't particularly attentive. I don't think we were asked if we needed help the entire time we were there. The costume stock was pretty average and nothing different from all the other shops we looked at.
1	My experience this time was not good my daughter tried on a costume and it was ripped before she tried it on they wanted me to purchase this I was going to a holloween party after. The owner was very rude i told him Im going to buy my kid a costume  but not the riped one i also said my brothers are going to purches costumes too The owner said you don't need to purches anything in my store.Every  year I shop here FOR KNOW THIS WON'T BE THE PLACE VERY BAD CUSTUMER SERVICE !
2	Another failed attempt to locate a last minute Halloween costume. The didn't have a lot of interesting costumes to choose from so I didn't end up picking anything up. No one helped us or asked if we needed assistance the entire time we were there.
3	Mine and my sister's favorite holiday is Halloween! So needless to say we get a early start on what were going to be and start shopping. (Instead of waiting until the last min. like most people) We went to almost every pop up Halloween store and year around ones. I must say I enjoyed this store very much!! The staff was more then friendly and helpful. There was a certain costume my sister wanted but they didn't seem to have her size and they helped us search high and low in this store for it. I really enjoyed the fact that the owner actually has his Black Cat in the store. He just goes around greeting anyone who will pet him. Too Cute, prices were about the same as everywhere else but that was to be expected. (I should know with the way I Halloween shop) All in all Two Thumbs Up!
5	Black Cat Costume is the place to go if you need great costumes & very personable customer service any time of the year. I wanted to do a Katy Perry-style costume, & the staff helped me pick out an outfit that looked great, & all the accessories I needed. Plus, there's an adorable black cat who lives in the store, who is so friendly, cute, & enjoyable. I highly recommend this store to everyone!!
5	My favorite holiday happens to be Halloween & for my current job we also have a lot of different occasions where we have to dress up. This store is spectacular when it comes to customer service & they seem to have just about everything! It also makes it a pleasure to shop there since they really do have a little black cat roaming around who is extremely friendly. Definitely THE place to go if you need any make up, costumes, gag gifts, & accessories. The owners are a pleasure as well!
4	Solid selection of costumes and good prices. I ordered online this year to beat the big Halloween rush. The process went smoothly and my costumes actually arrived earlier than planned!
4	Nothing too special.... but they get 4 stars for their wigs! They have really nice quality wigs in almost every style and color. I bought 2 and I'm very happy with them it only cost me about $90 total. ^.^
4	Black Cat Costumes were very helpful in helping me figure out what type of costume to get for a party that my family and I were attending. The selection is good and the service was even better. Also, there was a good selection of kids costumes that my boys found interesting. We will likely be back to get the costumes later this month. I will definitely come back next year for myself (if I decide to dress up for Halloween anyways).
3	They do have some unique costumes.The staff here is very friendly and always willing to help.Price here is pretty close to most halloween stores, although their costumes might be a few dollars more it seems the accessories are a few dollars cheaper.When it comes to a deluxe or detailed costume thats meant to be worn more than once you can easily spend 100+Also seeing the owner and his black cat was cute
4	Love this place! The gal that runs it is super friendly and personable. I loved their selection of home decor and masks. Fantastic! I bought two candle skull holders for my windows. Coming back!!!!!
4	Best part of this place is the sheer amount of unique costumes. I mostly buy online because nearly all Halloween costume stores carry the same shtick for a lot of money and it all looks just as plastic as the packaging. But this place has things I haven't seen before, and I'm a costume junky.Prices can be high but I'd say Black Cat doesn't have a lot of competition, not even in our crazy Vegas area. They carry elaborate costumes, wigs, gags, accessories, home decor and everything else. Everything is of really good quality, I love my wig I got for last year's Halloween costume. It was durable enough to take and hold product, and the hairs weren't sparse.Just be sure you're ready to drop a little dough for a quality costume, but it beats the hell out of costume stores like Spirit. Definitely check it out!
5	Really cool place! Very nice and helpful staff and i love the black cat that just chills there. Itjust lets you pet it. :3Will definately be back
3	Solid local costume store- open year round and a definite step up from those run-down Spirit stores that pop up all over town this time of year. Costumes, decor, accessories, and more found here for anything from a theme party to a class project and whatever charity 5K is happening this weekend.Costumes and accessories for guys and girls from baby to adult, in a huge variety of styles: cartoon characters, historical figures, opaque body suits, bloody/gory, and the obligatory skimpy-with-animal-ears stuff for skankin' it up.There are quite a few high-dollar "realistic" display pieces in the four-digit-price-tag range in a separate room with do not touch/no pictures signs, along with signs to accompany your kids within the store.  Fitting rooms are nice, store is clean and organized, and there's even a store mascot- find the black cat when you stop by!
