3	I'm giving them 3 stars because the facility is very nice and the staff is exceptionally pleasant. The Doctor even calls you personally to follow up on your pet. The prices, however, are astronomical! The do veterinary services and also grooming. It is $45 just to see the Vet. It was $500 to get his teeth cleaned, and they wanted another $650 on top of that to extract a few. Have you ever seen cat teeth? They are smaller than a grain of Basmati rice! Over $1100 to pull teeny tiny teeth!? I have a long haired cat and I needed him shaved and his nails clipped. It was $17 for the nail clipping and $98 for the lion style hair cut. Since he was also having his teeth cleaned, he was sedated when they shaved him. I got him back and his haircut was uneven, they didn't trim the fur down in the front so he just looked scraggly almost like a reverse mullet, and they didn't even wash him. His feet were dirty and his back was dandruffy. I could have done a better job myself and saved $100. I would only recommend going if you are in a bind and need emergency or last minute care.
4	I'm adding an extra star for the follow up comment from the owner. Please understand that the quality of care I received from the doctors was more than satisfactory.  And I would like to reiterate that the staff is warm and friendly. And yes, they did go over the expenses with me prior to the visit and called to ask how I would like to proceed when my cat needed more work than expected, however, I still feel that the cost was a bit excessive. Let's face it, to many of us, our pets are a part of the family and to not be able to afford them care that they need can be upsetting. They do offer a payment plan so that is a possible option as well. My review is 3 fold. The doctor's care and follow up is excellent, the grooming meh not so much, and the pricing could maybe be reevaluated. Hopefully, as their business and clientele grow some of the kinks will work themselves out. I wish Norterra Animal Hospital nothing but good luck!
5	Today I took my pug in to check on a fatty tumor (hopefully).  We saw Dr. Gina Lee.  She was great with Paddington.  I didn't get the feeling that this was going to be a Nickel and Dime Vet I got the feeling that they were very professional.  The place was very clean and we were very happy especially because it is 5 minutes away.
2	I went to see these guys a few months ago.Being new to the area, I brought my cat in for a visit to establish a new vet for her. I opted to let her have immunizations even though she is completely an older indoor cat. It turned out to be a mistake because she had a reaction to the vaccination.  Being a nurse myself, they seemed careless when drawing up the medications on such a small animal. That,coupled with the fact that my kitty had a reaction to a vaccine that she never had a reaction to in the past, leads me to believe she received too much of the vaccination. Yes, she could have developed a sensitivity over the years, but it's more likely that she just got too much.  Then they charged me for treating the reaction that, I believe, they brought on. When patients are injured by something that happens because of a hospital mistake, the hospital usually pays for that. I will say that they did treat the reaction and my kitty is ok now, so maybe it is just me. Still, I think I'm going to go somewhere else. Besides the constant baby talk of the vet tech got on my nerves.
5	I don't have pets and I have not used a vet in over 15 years so I did not know what to expect when I recently took in a stray cat. I did a lot of calling around and not only did I find Norterra's pricing to be fair, but they were one of the only places that would give me pricing information over the phone that I felt confident about (other places told me there could be additional charges based on the initial exam). They were able to get me in with very short notice, they kept me informed and they were very nice to the cat. I took the cat back after a week for a follow-up and again, it was a pleasant experience for both me and the cat. I informed them that I'd like to find a home for her since she is such a good natured cat and they told me that I could post up a picture of her on their facebook page to help find her a home. I would recommend them and return here if i find myself in this position again. Thanks Norterra!
5	I just had my lab mix Maisy spayed there.  They were easy to set up an appt with, I did call a few other places and they were not as sweet on the phone... just more businessy and distracted.  I own a company and appreciate the extra mile they offered.  I chose Norterra over the other's I called. When I dropped her off the place was super clean, they were organized and even wrote a little welcome Maisy note on the white board! :)  AWE.  I am all about the little things.  They called after the surgery was over and told me it all went well, which was great because I was wondering!!   I picked her up in the afternoon and they gave me my instructions and even helped me put her in the car, which was great because I had my 3yr old with me. They did "baby talk" to Maisy, but she ate it up, she loved the extra attention and it helped her relax .Maisy is doing well today and I will definitely make this my home vet when things come up. :)   To top it off, they sent an email checking in and thanking me for choosing them.
5	I have never had anything but wonderful experiences here at Norterra Animal Hospital.  The staff are so warm and attentive, I personally am not an animal person my husband is the animal lover in the family and I've now had to take 3 different animals here, the level of professionalism and courtesy I think goes above and beyond expectations. Before we found Norterra we took them to another place on Pinnacle Peak which was far more expensive, not as friendly and always felt like we were an inconvenience, this has never been the case at Norterra, I couldn't be happier that we found them.  As far as the cost, it's like any other medical service you would expect to pay for and they have always worked with us when it was just too much to handle all at one time, they are very understanding in that respect.  Until we no longer have any animals in the house I will continue to take them to Norterra and recommend them to anyone I know who has pets!
5	My dog had a bad experience at a vet a few years ago & ever since has been terrified of them.  That is until today! We saw Dr Horvath and she was amazing.  She took time to get to know my dog, walk him around and make him feel comfortable, while she slipped in the exam.  Although he was shaking when we got there, he had made friends by the time we left.  This is the first time in 3 years he's been able to get his shots without being muzzled, which is HUGE for me!!  I'm so happy, I completely recommend them to everyone!!!
5	I  have  owned animals all of my life and been to several veterinarians. Dr. Simonson really stands out in my book. She is so caring and knowledgeable. We brought our 14 year old Maltese in with a dislocated knee. Dr. Simonson was able to put knee back in socket, prescribed anti-inflammatory medication and arthritis meds. My dog was walking on the leg by the next day. Dr. Simonson called the next evening to follow up and see how she was doing. You rarely find such a dedicated  veterinarian who really cares this much. She is a rare find.
5	I'm so grateful for Norterra Animal Hospital and for Dr. Amanda Simonson.  Dr. Simonson's compassion and expertise were the key to our cat having an excellent outcome and prognosis.  The overwhelmingly positive reviews here on Yelp are well deserved and I would absolutely recommend Norterra and Dr. Simonson to every pet owner out there.Christmas Eve, my wife and I woke up to our cat, Chip, having severe leg pain and limping.  We went to a vet who we had used in the past (moving forward, we're just going to go see Dr. Simonson!) where an exam and xrays were performed.  We were advised that Chip needed a surgery on his hip.  It was Christmas Eve and we couldn't find a surgeon to do the surgery, so we were sent home with pain meds and instructions to find a surgeon.We felt hopeless on Christmas, seeing our poor Chip in pain.  The day after Christmas, we started searching online for anybody that could perform the surgery.   We came across Norterra's website and looked to Yelp for reviews.  Based on the positive reviews, we called Norterra and explained the situation.  The tech who answered the phone was professional and compassionate and scheduled us to see Dr. Simonson that afternoon.Upon arriving at the clinic, I was more than impressed.  The facility is beautiful, well-maintained, and modern.  I brought the records that we had, our hard-copy X-rays, and had pre-printed the new patient paperwork from Norterra's website.  We were led straight into a room.  In no time at all, we had a technician assist us and within minutes after that, Dr. Simonson was in the room with us.  I very much appreciated the prompt attention that we received at Norterra.Dr. Simonson invested a great deal of time with us, she did not have the stereotypical rushed attitude that we've all come to expect from medical providers.  She examined Chip and the xrays and determined that the previous xrays were of very poor quality.  We explained that in addition to the leg pain, Chip was also having a small amount of weight loss over the last month.  Knowing that money was going to be tight with impending surgery, she graciously offered to re-take thorough xrays at no charge.These thorough xrays likely saved Chip's life - and at the very least, saved him pain, suffering, and saved me a costly emergency surgery had the situation worsened.   In the new xrays, it became very apparent that Chip was also battling a foreign body in his tummy (He swallowed a penny.)   It also became more clear that leg surgery may not be the best option for Chip.The penny needed to come out but Norterra wasn't available for surgery for a few days due to the holiday week/schedule.  Dr. Simonson said that she would call all of the associates that she knew to find out what could be done for poor Chip.  We re-upped on pain medication for Chip and were sent home with instructions that Dr. Simonson would call us the next morning (it was at least 6pm at this point)Amazingly, I received a call from Dr. Simonson at 8am the next morning.  It became clear that she had either stayed late or woken up very early to start calling other Veterinarians for Chip.  This kind of compassion and concern for Chip will forever be remembered - especially when Chip was being referred somewhere else! (Read:  the money for surgery would be going to another clinic, not in Dr. Simonson's pocket)Chip received surgery on Friday afternoon and I'm happy to report that he's doing extremely well.Coincidentally, as I type this review on a SUNDAY morning, Dr. Simonson just called to check in on Chip and his surgery to remove the coin.  Dr. Simonson is a top notch provider in every aspect and I truly can't thank her and the staff at Norterra enough.
5	We just added a teacup pomeranian to our family and needed to establish veterinary care for him.  The facility is very clean and spacious.  Imagine how you would want your own doctors office to look, well this is the vet version.Amanda the vet tech was so sweet and loving to our little puppy.  She made him feel so comfortable and happy to be there.  She recommended a puppy package that would save us money over the course of all of his immunizations and check-ups.  She also reviewed all kinds of information on his diet, training, etc.  Amanda was very patient and informative with all of our new puppy parent questions.  I really felt she cared about us and was a super genuine person.The same can be said for Dr. Horvath.  What a warm, loving doctor.  She patiently addressed all of our concerns, thoroughly examined him, and just far exceeded our expectations.  Her bedside manner was by far the best I've seen in all my encounters with veterinarians.  In fact she just called to personally check on our puppy and to follow up on our visit.  This is just extraordinary care.You can tell the staff really love what they do and Dr. Horvath leads the charge.  We are beyond satisfied with our experience and level of care.  Thank you Norterra Animal Hospital!
5	Let me just start out by saying, I drive two hours just for the excellent care and professional conduct of this office. Everyone from Dr. Simonson, to her entire staff has been more than helpful! My little Doxie (Howie) lost all mobility of his hind end, and we have been going to Norterra two to three times a month for the past two months, just so Howie can get the acupuncture treatment needed . I have to bring his brother (Dudley) along, and the staff is so kind, always giving treats to both dogs, and truly treating them like they are their own. I am so thankful to have found Norterra Animal Hospital! I'm happy to report, Howie is regaining movement, all thanks to Dr. Simonson!
5	We have been coming to Norterra Animal Hospital since September and I could not be happier.  The staff is wonderful and Dr. Horvath and Dr. Simonson are amazing.  I recently had to put down my beloved greyhound and Dr. Simonson and the staff were so incredibly wonderful and compassionate.  I would recommend them to anyone!  Thank you!
5	Thank you Norterra Team for the amazing care of Pita Kitty!
5	Our Kitty Samantha who we had for 16 years needed a vet, old age had gotten the better of her. We had taken her to see Dr. Horvath twice, she was great and attentive to us and our cat. We finally had to make a sad decision to put Samantha to sleep. Dr. Horvath  and her staff made this hard day a little easier on us and Samantha. They really cared and sent us nice emails and condolence cards. I would highly recommend Norterra animal hospital. Thank you for everything.
5	Have nothing but positive things to say!! Both docs were fantastic along with all staff. Got us right in on a Sunday and did surgery that following week. Dr. Simonson and Dr. Horvath have hearts of gold when it comes to our fur babies. Our 7 year old yorkie needed some serious medical TLC and they got it taken care of!!
5	Trust all of the previous reviews - Norterra Animal Hospital is great! Really appreciate the availability of appointments, quick and efficient visits, and friendly staff. I first started coming here because my dog had a minor emergency and they were the only vet open and available to see her on a Sunday. Not only that, but they were the best vet I've been to in Phoenix and I've tried a few. Great all-around vet - competent, trustworthy, and caring.
4	Both vets that worked with our dog were great. The staff is super friendly as well. So nice to have a facility open extended hours over the weekend too. It is rather expensive, but the convenience of having a nice facility in the area will keep us going back.
5	I love love love this veterinary facility! My dog is a nervous dog and the staff works together so that she feel safe! I have never seen that and it amazes me! When you walk in you are greeted by the friendly front office staff who are professional and warm.  The office is very clean and organized. The vet techs are easy to talk to and great with my dog. The first time I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Amanda Simonson, she introduced herself to my sister and I and then introduced herself to my dog. Ever since I have been bringing my dog here! My dog has been groomed here and she has come back outstanding! Her nails are well clipped, she comes back smelling good and well brushed. It is extremely convenient that they are open 7 days a week and that payment plans are available. My dog feels comfortable with being here and hands down the best veterinary facility in Phoenix!
5	Thank you so much for taking care of my dog she is the love of my life. And when she is not feeling well I am not either. you are the best for being open Saturdays and Sundays and always being kind thank you for your kind staff also.
5	There isn't another vet clinic that I would take my dogs to. Dr. Simonson saved our pitbull's life. And just yesterday we took our little adopted girl Brussels Griffon to  have  her spayed. She was a bit of a high risk because of her liver disease. Because of my past experience with Norterra Animal Hospital, I was confident that my little Pearl would be in good hands. Dr. Simonson and Dr. Horvath are both so caring--beyond humble and just top notch Vets.
5	This is a great place to take your furry family members.  The hours are so convenient,  and even on a Sunday I was able to schedule a quick appointment.  I took my cat Thomas in for a check up, and even though I'm sure he was less than thrilled (after being hauled in a carrier, going for a harrowing ride in the car and sharing a backseat with my very enthusiastic 6 year old son), he was handled with care by the caring technicians and doctor.  No question in my mind that we will be returning for all of our veterinary needs for both Thomas and our collie.
5	We just moved here from Texas & based on all the Yelp reviews we decided to try this office for our 4 legged family member(s).  They were great and glad I did.  We are even trying out ther grooming service next weekend!  TY fellow "Yelp-ers" for your feedback & recommendations.Thanks Monica & Dr. Simonsen!
5	I LOVE LOVE our vets and vet technicians at Norterra Animal Hospital.  Are two dogs are not just pets, they are family.  The staff here are so friendly and kind, and they take incredible care of our babies!!  Thank you so much for all you do!!
5	Finally found a vet office that's efficient, extremely friendly and more concerned about my pet than the almighty dollar!
5	I cannot say enough about Dr. Simonson and entire Staff! If your looking for a veterinarian for your Furr kids, this is the place! Honest, Caring, Compassionate, and loves your animals! Amazing Dr. Amanda Simonson and her Staff!!!
