5	Why five stars you ask?  And why review a Hooters in Champaign when I live in Chicago?  Well once a very long time ago, when I attended the U of I, my roommate and I were eating lunch here on a weekday and in walks Harrison Ford.  Thats right, Han Solo/Indian Jones himself walks in, by himself and treats himself to the delicious Hooters cuisine.  There must of only been about 3 or 4 other patrons where, so it wasn't a big todo or anything.  That is totally random (there is a airport down the road, and Hooters was on of the first restaurants you see when you drive up from it towards town, so he was probably refueling or something).   So +1 star.So that aside, as a fried chicken review, I give Hooter's Chicken 4 stars.  The very thing that makes it unique you either love or hate,  Hooter's batters its chicken wings.  Hooters also leaves the "tips" on its wings too.  You can ask for them naked, but as its kind of the specailty of their wings I prefer the batter.  The batter does soak up a lot of sauce and oil, so it is by no means healthy.  It does keep ok, but its better reheated if you let it go cold.  Hooters sauces are notoriously non-spicey (and I'm a big wuss when it comes to spice).  "Hot" is about medium, "medium" is less than what is considered mild at most places, it has no flavor at all besides a buttery oilyness for some color.  Please order at least "hot", don't be afraid, its not hot.  The fried buffalo shrimp are pretty good too (but they go too quick).  Grilled cheese was favorite too, but some of these options are not offered as many Hooters are franchised.
1	Pretty much what you'd expect.  Way overpriced, extremely low quality food served by not-that-bright, fake-baked girls wearing shiny nylons, big puffy socks, and the most unflattering shorts imaginable.Great if you're a perv from '86, decidedly not great for everyone else.
1	The most disgusting food I have ever been 'served' in my life. The grilled cheese sandwich was nothing more than two pieces of Texas Toast bread that had been smeared with butter and thrown in the microwave with two greasy slices of cheese in the middle. The fries were cold and the service was less than desirable. There were only about four other people in the entire restaurant, and yet our 'waitress' never bothered to give me a refill......I didn't bother to leave a tip.I don't recommend anyone go to the Champaign Hooters. Instead, go to Buffalo Wild Wings - WAAAAAY better!
4	LOVE the wings here, i think next to black dog they are the best in the city.  The grilled chicken sandwich is excellent as well with a side of hot sauce and curley fries.Only drawback is the price, they are pretty expensive.
1	Wow! Don't know where to start so many bad things say,and so little time.Let us keep it simple. Food really, really bad. Price oh my God them must be gold plated chickens,maybe thats why they taste so bad. The service was ok not good just ok, and my wife and I where the only customers at the time. Save your money fire up the grill make your own, I guarantee they will be better then what you would have spent way to much for at Hooters. I rated the noise level as quiet because my wife and I didn't make much noise. I gave it 4 [ $]  just because it so overpriced.
3	The combination of both beer and wings from hooters makes me sick in the morning I continue to eat there for years. As always the servers fake like they care but that don't bother me as long as a get good service and I do. Plus they are easy on the eyes.
1	I love hooters!  This however was the worst food I have ever had at any location.  The chicken was so dry and cheese sauce was hard and tasted disgusting.
4	The Philly cheesesteak and burger we had for lunch were very good. The service was great, waitress was very attentive.There was only one negative while we were there. There was a university of Illinois football game on. One of the waitress (not our, thank goodness) seemed to get very agitated if she found out anyone was rooting for the other team. She actually came up to our table, gave us a dirty look, and told us she has friends on the team. You can root for whatever team you want, but you probably shouldn't try to pick fights with customers when you work for tips!
3	Tons of cute Hooter's girls, but I've been there twice since moving to Champaign and it seems like their wings consistently lack any crunch, even soggy. Everything tastes fine, just missing some texture.
3	If u've been here, u may very well kno the setup is terrible. Even jus finding this place (located behind Hardee's)is difficult. It's as if Hooters took over a previous establishment not big in business. The bar only seats 10 with a large square room. There r only 2 Hooters signs on the building itself. If this place wants to make better business, I suggest they move to a location more visual from Route 45. On the other hand, I noticed a fellow yelper complain about the texture of the food but it was fairly consistent for my experience. Also, this location employees pretty young ladies, after all it is a college town. Ur welcome! ;) Only 3* for mediocre-ism
2	The waitress are not hot at all...and honestly i think they can think of better outfit than orange boyshorts and skin color stockings. Food is just like other sports bars. Not a fan of the wings
4	They get a 4 star just off the buffalo chicken dpi and they are playing the pacquio fight. I'm a woman so I can't go higher than a 4.... Even if the food is bomb... A little difficult to find compared to others. Set up is a little awkward. I nearly walked past the hostess booth
