3	Dropped off my fabulous silver hooker heels to have the heel repaired on a Saturday morning.  They said I could pick up Monday afternoon.   They charged $9 up front.  Gave me a pick up receipt, didn't take down my name or number or anything.I was a bit concerned at first, but picked them up the following week (didn't make it in til Tuesday) and my shoes were ready and looked fine.  I think they went ahead and replaced the heel cap on both so they matched.   No problems, shoes looked good!From the looks of the place they do all sorts of leather repairs as well.  It's convenient to the places that I work, so I would definitely give them repeat business.
1	Lady at the front desk is very nice.  The guy that repairs the shoes, not so nice.  I had him add two holes to my leather belt.  The first hole was perfect, the second hole was not centered.  I'm not talking a little off, it was a LOT off.  Against my better judgement, I left 2 other pair of shoes there to be repaired.  I'm keeping my fingers crossed they will turn our perfect.  I found the cost of my shoe repair to be a little on the high side.
3	My beloved Dankos have been with me for years. They've gotten to the point where they're heavily scuffed, staples poppin' out and finally a rivet broke on one of the straps. I've come across Jova's when I go to Paymons for dinner, so I stopped by the other day to finally get my shoes fixed up.I'm not sure if who I spoke with was Mr. Jova, but he took my shoes and said it would be ready the next day. You pay first, he gives you a ticket, and he does his magic.My shoes came back nicely fixed, the staples were all there and the rivet was replaced. The shoes were polished and you can no longer see the scuff marks. However, it looks like the black shoe polish covered the buckle, staples and rivets, as it rubbed off when I brush my fingers over them.
5	On April 15 , 2014  I took my Joe Rocket Super Hawk leather motorcycle jacket that developed two splits of the leather on each arm about 5 inches in length !  I took it to JOVA'S leather on the two yelp reviews that I seen and the ower HARRY was very nice and explained to me how he could fix the jacket and asked what day I wanted it ready !  I felt very confident that it would turn out great and when I went to picked it up we both had a hard time finding the splits that were there before :)  Very Good Work and Very affordable ! Thanks again Harry :)
5	Took a pair of Johnston and Murphy shoes in that I ruined in the rain , was thinking of tossing them out , but decided to see if they could be repaired ( the leather soles had split in two on one of the shoes , the other was fine ) I walked into jovas & showed the shoes , to the owner ? He diagnosed the problem and basically told me exactly what I did wrong to make it such A problem , lol ( I left them near the heat to dry off , which split the leather , also the the shoes weren't properly put together to begin with !) he told me the price , which was more than I was planning on paying but , told me the shoes would be better than new ! And properly stitched ! !! I paid and he gave me a claim ticket ( hang on to it if you go there , cuz all they take is a first name ) and came back a week later and wow was I impressed , not only were soles on both shoes replaced , I think he put heel area and than dyed everything to match , plus buffed out the nicks and scratches on the shoe itself !! The soles are thicker and way more durable than before , & yes they did look better than new !! The owner is an amazing craftsman and knows his stuff , although I was kind of put off at first by his no BS approach of diagnosing problems and solutions , but now I know the quality of his work , I definitely will be back !!
2	I use to have my boots repaired at Jova's but they increased their prices so much I stopped.  Does pretty good work but have out priced himself!There are other Boot Repair places in Las Vegas that do just as good work at much lower prices.
