4	Visiting family in DeForest and working for the first week of a two week trip, I needed somewhere to "plug in" with coffee and food. I lucked out. Macchiato's opened a week or two before we arrived. Only good coffee in town unless you like McDonald's or Denny's style coffee. I mostly drink black coffee and their blend is excellent. I also tried their latte since they had a $1 latte special one day. They have a full list of espresso drinks. I spent all of Monday there and half of Tuesday and was made to feel welcome by the owner/partner, Gary, and staff. There is plenty of comfortable seating inside including areas to lounge and tables. It is nicely decorated. Their breakfast sandwiches are very good and I had a nice salad for lunch. I have not been in for wine. But it would be a nice spot to enjoy a glass. They also have bottled beer from some of the better local breweries.
5	Just went in here for the first time. Friendly service, great coffee and breakfast! Clean, comfortable store. No complaints here!
5	First time at Macchiatos. Celebrated our anniversary. Gary gave us personal attention. Enjoyed ribs Abd bacon-wrapped tenderloin. Highly recommend this restaurant. We are new to the area and will be back many times. Matter of fact, we are coming back tomorrow for Sunday brunch with our family.
3	While Macchiatos is still a little rough around the edges, there is much to appreciate. The staff is friendly and the space is warm and welcoming.  While the food did not hit it out of the park during my visit, there is enough potential to draw me back for a return visit.  I decided to check out Macchiatos after seeing a couple positive Yelp reviews and noticing the check-in offer for a free cup of coffee.  I'll admit feeling some skepticism seeing the address - I remember that strip mall location as the old DeForest Public Library from my days of living in DeFo.  That concern vanished as I walked in the door.  The owner completely gutted the old space and created a cozy oasis for the locals to caffeinate during the day and enjoy a glass of wine and tapas during the evening.    Utilizing a palette of autumn tones (dark green, burgundy, harvest gold) and an exposed brick wall behind the coffee bar, the space is immediately puts you at ease.  Also appreciated is the local artwork on the walls of the facility.  While there are plenty of tables to sit at, I wish there were more sofas and comfy chairs.  The music, a heavy mix of 60's and 70's rock, was louder than you find in most other coffeehouses.The wi-fi signal (ask a staff member for the password) was strong, making a Macchiatos a great pit stop grab a cup of Joe and get some work done when away from home.The cheerful staff at Macchiatos helped me successfully navigate my first visit to their establishment.  They greeted me as I entered, described the breakfast options available that day and delivered my sandwich to me.  I noticed the owner chatting with the regulars and bussing tables, keeping the place looking sharp for my entire stay.I liked, not loved, my classic breakfast sandwich (cage free organic egg, cheddar cheese, and apple wood smoked bacon on a ciabatta roll).  While I enjoyed the bacon and egg components, the slightly dry ciabatta roll dominated each bite - there was just too much bread in relation to the other ingredients.  The coffee, a dark roast from Just Coffee Cooperative, needed a dose of sugar to offset the bitter finish.While I enjoyed the space more than the food during my first visit, Macchiatos is definitely a place I will return to the next time I am in town.
4	This place has class falling out its a...hem, its elbow.Seriously swanky coffee, wine and tapas bar (with a full menu as well), with a definitely ornate modern Italian decor, you'll think you missed the turn for DeForest and ended up in Chicago somehow. Don't let the strip mall exterior dissuade you, this place is sweeeeeet.I arrived here after a day of family history touring around the DeForest area, out of curiosity. DeForest is such a nice little town, and has needed a place like this forever. I dreamed of opening one myself, back when I lived here, and this place definitely fits the bill. I was warmly greeted by Chris when I entered; I let him know I'd never been in before, and he gave me the tour. It's nice to have such personal service and to see so much positivity and obvious excitement and pride in this place, which opened in June 2014. I really hope they do well.The restrooms are as luxe as the rest of the place, with snazzy black fixtures and lovely furnishings. The entire place is open and airy, yet warm and inviting due to the fireplace and very comfortable yet stylish seating. I only stopped for coffee (they serve Just Coffee, the Rocket Fuel variety, when I stopped in) today, but due to Chris' thorough explanation of their menu, I will definitely be back for brunch very soon. Bloody Mary bar? Yes, please. Really reasonable pricing, especially considering that they use local and organic ingredients as much as possible. All of the offerings look delicious and enticing. The pastries and other baking are all done in-house, as well.They have different things going on here every night of the week, from game night to date night to tarot readings. Welcome to the 'hood, Macchiatos. Classin' up the joint? Yer doin' it right.
5	Sunday Brunch!  This was our 2nd visit for Sunday brunch--this is such a great asset for DeForest and Dane County.  The ambiance is fantastic--very tastefully and contemporary decorations.  Even the bathrooms are top notch.  The brunch is affordable and absolutely the best I've had anywhere in Dane County.  Everything is made from scratch using local and/or organic wherever possible.  Brunch features made to order pancakes as well as omelets.  Seriously--every single thing is amazing (smoked salmon, caprese salad, monkey bread, cheesy hashbrowns, eggs benedict, lasagna, and this seriously amazing Ghirardelli chocolate brownie/lava goodness.  Thank you for being here in De Forest and for being such a comfortable place to come for brunch and really anytime.  WiFi, daily events (a tour of craft beer happening this week, wine tasting, girls night, etc.).  If this review doesn't persuade you, perhaps the 2 for 1 make your own bloody mary bar and the live piano playing will bring you in?
4	Very friendly staff.  Food was delicious.  The only thing that could be improved is the amount of room between tables.  Hard to maneuver when going to buffet line.  I can see why this place is becoming a local favorite.
5	We went to Macchiato's for Sunday Brunch because a neighbor of ours had mentioned they were not just a coffee and wine bar.  Wow were we impressed.  The staff was so friendly and helpful.  The brunch was huge.  It had items for both vegetarians and meat eaters.  The ambiance was great with a live piano player and fireplace.  There was an omelet and pancake station, salad area with a delish caprese salad and smoked salmon among other things, huge hot food buffet with eggs benedict and Spinach benedict, sausage, bacon, biscuits & sausage gravy, monkey bread, scrambled eggs, Florentine quiche, cheesy hash browns, tater tots and breakfast enchilada's and honeyed chicken.  Desserts included were a brownie dessert and pineapple upside down cake.  They were running a buy one get one free bloody mary's or mimosa's .  And "good" coffee, tea, juice and iced tea were included.  I can't believe it took us this long to find this treasure hidden in a coffee and wine bar.  Great experience we will be back!
5	We have been for lunch, and for the Sunday brunch. Just as the other reviewers have said, this is a special place! It is the perfect combination of all things we hope for when we try a new place for food and/or drinks. The place is beautiful, with obvious care and money spent to make it comfortable as well as classy!The food is deliciously prepared, and presented. Read David W.'s description of the brunch for an absolutely accurate idea of the treat you are in for.The owners actively participate in making sure you feel welcome, and that everything is great. As a resident of De Forest, I am thrilled to discover a place of this caliber so close by. For anyone reading this, no matter where you are in the area, Macchiatos is definitely worth making a trip to visit.
