5	The best BBQ I've had in Madison, hands down, full stop, without a doubt. They were still going through some growing pains while I was there (light on waitstaff, ran out of some food) but what I had was *so freaking good* that I will absolutely be going back to try the things I missed tonight. The brisket and pulled pork were both perfect, and the rolls are incredible. I'm really pulling for this place.
5	Oh man. I was looking for a place to go out to dinner with my boyfriend, so I hopped on Yelp and saw that this place had five stars. Now, there were only three reviews at the time, but they were really meaty (har har har), so I didn't mind the small sample size.Anyway, Porky Pine Pete's is fantastic. If you are looking for delicious food at a really reasonable price, check it out. Pete himself took our order and he is the nicest guy! The place is huge, so bring a crowd. I ordered a half-rack of ribs with mashed potatoes and cowboy beans, and a roll with butter; my boyfriend got a Tres Banditos Poco platter, which comes with ribs, pulled pork, brisket, two sides, and a roll and butter. I swear that the food came on plates the size of trash can lids. So. Much. Food. The ribs were seasoned perfectly, and the beans made my boyfriend actually like baked beans. Everything was phenomenal, including the service.We brought home leftovers because we were so full of porky goodness. I'm planning on recommending this place far and wide. As we were leaving, a guy was walking up to the door and asked us if the barbecue was any good. We might have scared him with our enthusiasm. Another plus: it's next to the comic book store! But wash your hands first.
4	This place was unexpectedly great.  I had the three meat sampler, which was supposed to include brisket, ribs, and pulled pork, but they were out of brisket and subbed in chicken instead.  Once the food came I didn't complain.  The ribs were smoky and flavorful, the pulled pork was moist and flavorful, and the chicken had a great bbq flavor.  For sauce, there is Sweet Baby Ray's at every table, which I was disappointed by, but when the food came the girl who served it brought out something called 'Moose Sauce', which is apparently named after a dog who happens to fancy it.  Or something.  Either way, it was excellent, and has sharp flavors of cider vinegar and cinnamon with a spicy tomato base.  It was unique and definitely beats Sweet Baby Ray's.I also ordered the cowboy beans and the 'deconstructed' cole slaw as sides, and they too were excellent.  The beans were served in a perfect bbq sauce, and the cole slaw was 'deconstructed' - meaning the sauce for it came on the side and you had to mix it in.  I thought this was a great idea, and have never seen it before, because it made the cole slaw perfectly crispy and crunchy, never allowing it to get soggy.  The cole slaw sauce was a sweet buttermilk ranch flavor, and was also excellent.On top of all this, you get a deep fried dinner roll, which is simultaneously sinful, indulgent, and amazing.My only complaint is that, for first timers at least, there is a little confusion on what to do when you walk in the door.  We weren't sure if it was counter service or table service, so a little stand-up sign by the door indicating what to do would be great.
2	I wanted to give 2.5 stars.  The food was pretty good, definitely better than average for Madison BBQ.  There were a few disappointments that have been mentioned by a few other reviews, such as the Sweet Baby Ray's sauce instead of homemade variations.  The beef brisket, although tender, was a little on the dry side and lacked flavor.  The pulled pork and ribs were much better.  Oddly enough, the cole slaw comes with the dressing on the side.  With most salads, this is what I prefer, but cole slaw needs time for the dressing to marinate cabbage, a green that's not made to just be eaten raw without some kind of major seasoning.  The Mexican street corn was delicious and unique to Madison.  The bread that came with the dinners had an odd flavor, like it had been deep fried in old oil.  If they could kick up the quality of the sides, I think the food could be really really good.  All in all, I'd have given the food 3.5-4 stars.  What brought the score down was the odd service and the setting.  The folks that take your order seem to be pretty disorganized and slow, whether it's the man that rang up my order incorrectly and kept asking me personal questions (not the owner Pete), or the young 10 year-old girl, who although cute, reminds me a little of child labor.  The place itself is a huge warehouse with a random, eery cowboy statue at the checkout counter.  I can see this place being really good if they can kick up the food a little and get a better-trained staff.  Right now I still prefer Smoky Jon's BBQ on the East side.
2	Was not impressed.  Our pulled pork and brisket were both luke warm. The meat was tender and tasty, but barely warm, making us think it had been sitting awhile.  Even if they had nuked it, that would have helped. Sauce is just Sweet Baby Ray's, not that I don't like SBR's, but I think a BBQ place should make it's sauce, that is part of BBQ.  No one ever came by to see if we needed anything or asked how our meals were.  When we first got there, there were only 2 other people in the place, but it started to get busy when we were eating.  Probably won't return, unless it is to carryout and take home.
5	Best barbecue that I have ever had in town.  I typically go for the brisket sandwich, with or without cheese.  I stole a few pieces of the ribs and pulled pork from my husbands plate, and both were extremely good.The smoked cheesecake is different. It is definitely worth trying and I am looking forward to trying one of the pies next time, but it was not something I could have ordered to eat alone.  The smoke can overpower the cheesecake a bit.The deconstructed coleslaw was my least favorite, I did not like the dressing being separate and I felt like it needed something else... I admit, I like KFC's coleslaw better.The atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired, but the staff is always friendly and the place is still newer, so I hope to see some improvements as time goes on.
4	I've been wanting to go here for a few weeks and I was pretty happy when I left.  My boyfriend and I shared the tres banditos and some deviled eggs.  Our favorite was the pulled pork, 2nd favorite was the ribs, and 3rd was the brisket.  I agree that it would have been way better if they had homemade bbq sauce instead of Sweet Baby Rays.  We had mashed potatoes and slaw as our sides.  The mashed potatoes were really good, but we were not impressed by the slaw at all.  It was just a pile of cabbage and carrots with some plain dressing on the side.  I would definitely go back to Porky Pine Pete's for the pulled pork and ribs!
4	This is a great, unpretentious place for delicious BBQ! Also group friendly.We came in on a Friday night at 7PM. The place seemed empty, but in fact most of the tables were full. I think it seemed empty due to cavernous feel to the place. It so big and ceiling so high that the number of tables seems too few to actually populate the place. Not a bad thing necessarily, just something I noticed.I was with a fairly significant group(12) and there was no problem pulling a couple of tables together. It was slightly awkward due to the tables not all being the same size/shape but it worked. We noticed a couple of other large groups as well, so it seems quite group friendly.We mulled over the menu for a few minutes. It's standard BBQ faire, but the way the menu is presented isn't very professional. A few items crossed out with magic marker, and the font used is a bit hard to read. The menu we had was also printed at an angle. A bit of a nitpick but I noted this as a potential warning sign. (I was wrong to doubt)Then our group went and ordered our food and beers. They have a few local taps, and some bottles as well. Some additional varieties would definitely help in this department.  I should note that speed and efficiency don't seem to be much of a priority here. It took a good 20 minutes for all 12 of us to order. Granted, we paid in groups of 2 or 3 and they got the drinks ready after each subsequent order, so this wasn't all that unexpected. The food came out quite quickly, as I'm sure like most BBQ places it is being held at temperature in the kitchen. Presentation was decent, though for my dish was just piles of meat on a platter. This was not a bad thing! I ordered a sampler-type dish with pulled pork, ribs, and brisket.  Quality of the meats was fantastic, I was especially impressed with the dry rub on the ribs. I couldn't pick it out, but there was some spice in the dry rub that really put it over the top good. Nothing was too dry, and the flavors were great. Portions are pretty large, especially for the platter I enjoyed. It could easily fill up two people. I ended up taking the rest home. As another reviewer mentioned, the sides were nothing to write home about, but they were good nonetheless. I had the beans and mashed potatoes. Everyone in the group seemed to especially note how great the ribs are. As other reviewers noted, I was a bit disappointed with the only option for sauce being the different flavors of Sweet Baby Rays, but I wont knock them for this necessarily since it is what I keep in my fridge. Here's hoping they are working on their own. That would really kick this place over the top of the BBQ mountain here in Madison.Overall our group came away quite full and pleased. We all noted that we'd be back.Smoky Jon's is my current favorite BBQ in Madison, but this place gives it a run for its' money. I will need to perform more *ahem "research."  (meaning I'll definitely be back. repeatedly.)
4	The last BBQ place in the West Towne area, Smoky Bones, didn't fare so well.  It lasted maybe half a decade before closing a few years ago.  I'm really hoping that this place does better, because the food is excellent.  I've had the ribs, pork, and brisket, and all were delicious.  The dry rub on the ribs is a little intense but lends a unique flavor.  The rolls that come with some meals are fried, which is something I've never seen before. The sides overall are pretty good; the only problem is that they often run out of stuff and then you end up with their weird coleslaw instead of their awesome mashed potatoes.  I'm deducting a star mostly for service.  Besides the aforementioned food shortages, it can also take a while for your food to arrive.  I wouldn't recommend coming here if you're on a schedule.  However, when I'm paying just six bucks for a gigantic pork sandwich, I would probably wait an hour for it.Another, smaller quibble I have with this place is the decor.  It looks a warehouse that somebody spent $500 turning into a restaurant space.  There are some inflatable cows hanging from the ceiling, wooden cacti festooned with green Christmas lights, and about five different "open" signs on the windows to make up for lack of proper signage.  Oh yeah, don't forget the life-size (and lifelike) cowboy statue that stares at you while you peruse the menu.All that aside, the emphasis here is on friggin great food, which is all that matters in the end (especially if you get it for takeout, like I always do).  Their location on D'Onofrio drive in a dying strip mall is unfortunate, but hopefully they survive their turbulent first year and become a Madison fixture.
