4	My favorite townie bar. This place is 100% the real deal. Apparently the former 90yr old owner would kick you out if you swore. Talk about history...Pitchers of new glarus are $8. Pool table, Foosball, darts. Jukebox. Smoke filled. Smallest restroom in the state.Make the drive and check it out.
1	I went here on a Friday night with a group of people.  We were mostly just drinking beer, but then we decided to have a round of shots.  Originally we were going to do shots of tequila, but they were out of silver tequila.  We then decided on having lemon drops.  The bartender then complained that he hated making these shots, so he was going to have one if he had to make them.  Too bad he couldn't correctly make a lemon drop.  Myself and one other person then asked if we could do the shake of the day.  He said we could and then walked away.  He didn't really appear to be doing anything at that point.  When he finally came back by us it was to get a drink for the guy next to us.  We asked again about the shake of the day.  He then said, "I'm too busy for that.  You'll have to do that some other day."  The funny thing is that they weren't that busy.  There was really no justification for him snapping at us or not having the time to do anything.This bar manages to get worse though.  The women's bathroom doesn't have a lock on the door.  There were two times during the hour and a half when I was there were women had the door opened on them.  I would suggest doing what we did and having someone stay outside the door for you.
3	My coworkers and I dropped-in for a quick drink after work the other day. I've ridden my bike past this place hundreds of times and have always wanted to check it out; I'm glad I finally had a chance to.Billy nailed it - this is definitely a townie bar; albeit a very friendly one. Nice selection of taps, friendly bartender, great happy hour pricing (three taps were $8). Grab an outdoor table or play some horseshoes and you've got yourself a nice end to the day.
4	They only serve pizza but the Pearls Mac & Cheese pizza is crazy amazing! I would have never thought. Delicious.
