5	Wow, where should I start? I guess I can start with the great service you get at this small but wonderful restaurant. My boyfriend and I love going there for lunch since it's near work and their food is great. We arrive and the waitress knows exactly what we're drinking and makes sure our glasses are never empty. Oh how I love personalized service!I've had several of their soups and sandwiches and have never been disappointed. Their Chicken Cutlet Hero is so good! You have to make sure to get a side of their marinara sauce to dip it in. I also love their Chicken on a Baguette special. I always add avocado to this sandwich to make it even better. If you go, make sure to try both their potato salad and their pasta salad. They are both delicious! My boyfriend and I disagree on which of the two is better.You must try Fanny's if you find yourself in the Henderson area. I have yet to find another place like it in town. It's a true gem!
4	Nice people, nice place, good food.  A little stale smoke smell from the bar.
5	I dined here for the first time today. What a classy place! The food was fresh and delicious. The simple menu allows the food to shine. The service was top notch. Everyone that we encountered was friendly. I loved that the customers all seemed to be regulars. It had a great homey vibe. The service was quick. I will be back for sure!
3	All the sandwiches taste the same to me which is strange. Unlikely I'll go back. If you're in the area and are looking for a quick bite this place is fine other than that... keep on moving.
5	Fanny's has some BOMB food and Bomb service. Actually everything about them is BOMB. (I'm using the word bomb because I'm currently obsessed with Bomb Pops.)Mom & Pop locally owned sandwich shop/deli doing everything right from the minute you walk in to the second you walk out the door.Walk in, sit down. Boom. The menu is on the table waiting for your hungry eyes. If you are smart you will order the Soup of the Day. My favorite is the homemade Chicken Noodle Soup. A cup is $2.99. My favorite sandwich is the California Club which has Turkey, Bacon, Avocado, Tomato, Swiss Cheese and Mayo. I always substitute the Swiss for Cheddar. You get your choice of bread for every sandwich. They have Rye, Sourdough, White, Wheat, Baguettes and Hoagies for you to choose from. The sliced breads which are INSANELY DELICIOUS are from Bon Bread Bakery. The hoagies and baguettes are from Great Buns and y'all already know how much love I have for that place. I go with the Rye toasted. It's sandwich perfection. Meats are Boar's Head and with that good bread this is a win-win situation for me every time. Sides are homemade Pasta Salad which I love or homemade Potato Salad which I haven't had yet. I also have to add I am in love with their strong Brawny style napkins. The food alone is worth five stars to me, but throw in friendly, fast service and they fall under Henderson All-Stars to me. Jill is the owner/waitress and you can tell she's been doing this for a white hot minute. She does the extra things such as putting your check face down to pay when you are ready. She also OFFERS you a To Go cup of your beverage without you even having to ask. Who does that? Jill the greatest waitress ever. That's who.Overall I am always, always impressed and satisfied when dining at Fanny's. If you ever happen to be in the neighborhood at the right time (Mon-Fri. 10-5p I think) make sure to stop in here for a bite. You won't regret it. Unless you are a weak person with no soul. Then you might regret it.
4	I met my friend, the sister I wish I would have had, homegirl Jaime W. here for lunch after listening to her rave about how great the food was. I am SO glad I did, Fanny's is a gem of a bistro.The menu had a ton of yummy sounding items on it, I ended  up deciding on the Chicken Waldorf  on a baguette. DELISH! The side of potato salad was also excellent, love the use of red potatoes and carrots. The super sweet waitress gave us each a chunk of a decadent brownie to sample. It was so good, I had to buy one. As we were walking out to our cars, another employee stuck his head out the door to thank us for coming in. Service is exceptionally friendly here. The only reason I am not giving Fanny's Bistro & Deli a full 5 stars is they are only open Monday through Fridays... I'd be hitting this gem of a place up regularly on weekends, if I could!
4	Yet another find due to my yelping.  There is a shoe repair place I've been to in the same shopping center, but never stopped at Fanny's, which I now regret.  I had the chicken cutlet sandwich and added peppers.  You get a side, choice of either potato salad or macaroni salad.  I chose potato salad.  This had more body than potato salad typically does, and the addition of carrots provided a welcome crunch.  Additionally, you get a good sized serving, most places give you 3 bites when they offer something on the side.  The sandwich was stuffed FULL.  The bread was strong enough to stand up to up to the cheese, chicken and peppers.  The chicken cutlet is a little thicker than you usually see in a sandwich like this.  I liked this change.  Also, they stack it, so it's doubly thick on the bread, which gives you bites full of chicken.  Another departure from the usual was the breading at Fanny's, which has herbs in it.  Gives an excellent flavor with the crunch from the crust.  I also tried a meatball on the side, which is $1.50 and well worth it.  Again, excellent flavor, and moist in the center.  She included extra red sauce for me so I could dip my sandwich, and it was an excellent pairing.  While the sandwich certainly can stand on its own, I recommend getting the sauce, it really complements it well.  A great flavorful classic red sauce.Friendly service and a clean restaurant.  Will definitely return.
5	All I can say is try the place once and you will be hooked.  Prices are reasonable, I mean why would you go to some fast food chain when you can have a lunch like this.  Everybody is always so friendly and they keep the place spotless.My favorite item on the menu is the chicken cutlet, but everything is good.  Something as simple as a BLT was the best I have ever had.  A must go, you will not be disappointed.
5	Love everything I've had here. If you are looking for a yummy sandwich, this is the spot!
5	First I have to say I have driven past Fanny's for as long as I can remember. Today I had to get some key's made for work and when I finished I was right next door so I finally went in after all this time. I was glad I did. The waitress was very nice and helpful went over the specialties on the menu and when I told her I would have to bring my daughter in to try their tuna she immediately brought me a sample to try. I got my order in less than 5 minutes! Amazing!!! I ordered the California Club it comes with a side of pasta salad or potato salad.  I got the pasta and I expected the regular old boring side the I usually toss out. Instead I got a wonderful fresh and delicious salad. The sandwich was very very good! This place was an unexpected gem!! I love it and will definitely come back with my family!
4	This place gets the extra star for service. You can tell that they are trying REALLY hard to make a go of it. The decor is pretty Spartan, but the food is good. I had "The Special:" salami, prosciutto, roasted peppers, Provolone, with Italian dressing on rye. It was just the right amount -- not some sloppy ginormous sandwich. I also had a decent potato salad. Warning -- the Sammy had some serious garlic.
5	Food was delicious and for a great price. I really recommend Fanny's Bistro and Deli to all
5	I love this place! This place is a small little gem that serves awesome homemade food. You can get yourself lunch and a drink for about 10-12 bucks!! The portions are generous! The service is always friendly and very quick! I have recently tried the spinach lasagna and YUM!! I love it so much I purchased another and took it to go for dinner. I also got the Antipasta salad and it was topped with so many wonderful meats and cheese and olives and cucumbers it seemed the topping outnumbered the lettuce!! :) the ranch dressing tastes home made, and the balsamic dressing is fresh and bright in flavor. I have also tried the BLT Wrap and the potato and pasta salad. I prefer the potato salad, it's not the heavy mayo type but light and seasoned well. I only wish that this place was open on weekends because it's good for to go or dine in!
5	Love this place, from the food to the owners.  Everything is delicious and fresh!!  This is a must eat in Henderson/Green Valley area.
5	I visit Fanny's every now and then for lunch. They offer delicious deli options amongst run of the mill fast food restaurants in the area. I do love a good sandwich and my favorite here is the club on rye. The potato salad is great as a side. Portions aren't huge (a plus in my book) but you will leave full and satisfied. Service is always friendly.  Ditch Subway and give this mom & pop shop a try!
5	Love this place!Food is always fresh and delious!Staff is very friendly!A must go!!Had the Cobb salad and I would go back again and again !!
