4	One of my biggest fears moving to Vegas was finding the right dentist. I had the same dentist from ages 6-22, and from 22-27 visited a variety of dentists for cavities due to lack of insurance or crappy insurance. It took me a year to find Heavenly Smiles, and I have been very happy. I found Heavenly Smiles by asking a locally raised colleague with nice teeth (I know, strange) who their dentist was...and the rest is history. I've been going to HS for about 3 years now, and have been very pleased. The experience starts with a very friendly and welcoming front desk staff, to the kind X-ray techs and hygienists, and friendly and knowledgeable dentists. Even though I was a relatively new client who only needed cleanings at first, the staff remembers me, who referred me, where I work, etc. Having gone to the same dentist for most of my life prior to Vegas, this has been a very nice experience for me. The one thing that the nerd in me appreciates is all of the advanced technology that HS uses. I was so used to the standard dental pick and brush that coming to Heavenly Smiles opened up my eyes. They will have me as a client for as long as I live in Las Vegas. They have also opened up a location on the West side of the valley. I've not gone, but a colleague I referred to HS has gone to that location and has been very satisfied.
5	Awesome customer service, very helpful staff, extremely knowledgeable.  Love this place! Highly recommend. The entire staff and the Dr. treat everyone with respect and professionalism.  The Dr. takes all the time in the world to answer questions and make the patients feel at ease.  I've been to several dentists and have never had such a high level of personal attention.
2	This office was on my dental plan's list. Extremely unhelpful, and unfriendly front office. Before my appointment I called for their pricing on amalgam and composite fillings (knowing dental coverage varies on composites vs amalgam) so that I may estimate my out of pocket cost. Something many other dental offices have done for me over the years. They are contracted to charge a set amount. Even "out of network" ,or dentist not on my plan's list, have been able to provide this information. I was informed that they could not give me that infomation or even the cost of the office visit. The response did not sound right  so I  requested to speak to the office manager. I was told that manager was not available.  I called back hours later, still not allowed to speak to an office manager and was now informed that because I had a question about their contract pricing with my insurance,  I would now have to pay for all services upfront and submit for reimbursement. I was never allowed to speak to an office manager. My questions were routine and pertinent to their daily business. Inefficiency and poor customer service is driving clients away. No wonder I was able to get in with in 24 hours when most others were booked.
2	Unbelievable! I received a phone call from the office manager of Heavenly Smiles Dental 13 days later, apparently to further insult me by stating that the office was waiting for information from me. When I went on to explain what happened and that I had canceled my appointment, he stated that he did not see that I existed in their files or in the city of Henderson for that matter. I was confused by his comment since the front office had managed to pull my file up 2 weeks prior. The information given to me was so convoluted I called my insurance company to make sure a claim was not being presented for services not rendered. The phone call solidified my decision to go elsewhere.
5	My family has been going to Dr. Nguyen and his staff for several years now. Patient care and a positive patient experience is very important to this dental practice. I had a cleaning today and couldn't be happier with the care taken. Dr. Frank has done orthodontic work on both my sons with great results. He is very much a perfectionist and views dental work as an art. If you're looking for a dental practice, I'd highly recommend Heavenly Smiles.
