5	I broke my glasses cleanly in half at work Tuesday night. I am quite nearsighted and really can't function without them so I taped them back together and finished the last half hour of my shift and carefully drove myself home.  Wednesday morning I called Desert View Vision and explained that I had to work in a few hours and needed help quickly!  They told me to come right in. I walked in the door, broken and taped glasses on my face and the wonderful optician Angelina assured me that they would take good care of me - that I would not be leaving with broken glasses. I had a full retina scan (coolest machine ever) and a thorough exam with Dr. Lang who determined my new prescription (I was well overdue) and fit me for contact lenses, changing up one eye because it wasn't quite perfect yet. The whole office put me at ease and took such good care of me. Angelina helped me with eyeglasses frames and a much-needed style update. She was NOT going to let me out of there with frames that were unflattering and the whole process was fun. I don't remember the last time I laughed so much while shopping. Now that I had some contact lenses I figured I was all set. But Angelina told me that she would put in a phone call to her folks to see if they could speed up my order so I could have the glasses sooner rather than later and said I'd be hearing from her early next week (like Monday or Tuesday). She called me this morning (Friday) to tell me they were in. Wow! She may have called in a favor to get them here that fast, but I am so grateful.I have a followup appointment next week to recheck the fit of the contacts. I may have to bring these nice folks something special as a thank you. They really saved me.
5	I saw Dr. Lang recently and she was SO pleasant and friendly. I've been wearing glasses for years and years and my annual exam is nothing special. When we moved back to Phoenix I found this location close to my house and was very happy with it. Dr. Lang took the time to carefully explain "why" I had the issues I have and didn't rush at all. I don't remember the assistant's name who helped me with my glasses and transaction, but she was also very friendly. They reminded me to just walk in for any adjustments and carefully explained my warrantee. I would definitely recommend this practice.
5	I went to see Dr. Tammy Lang & was very pleased. She was extremely nice, as was the rest of her staff. She took time during our exam, which I appreciated, and the front desk staff worked intensively with me to find a pair of frames I loved. They have advice as to style, what looked good with my face shape, etc, which was very helpful. I'm very pleased to have found this office.
