2	Another Frozen Yogurt Joint.......... They have similar setup as most places now days, serve your self, $.39 cents per oz . Original Tart and a handful of other flavors. I tried a sample of the Taro flavor, it was interesting. Then decided on the Original Tart and Blueberry. The Tart was not tart at all and the blueberry which wasn't sugar free and all natural was way too sweet, go figure. I did not enjoy it and I was bummed. They did have fresh fruit though :-) They are brand new maybe things will change. I'm sure there will be people who will enjoy this yogurt but it's not one of my favorites.
4	Very excited to have a frozen yogurt so close to me! Zwirl is basically the same as Mojo, Yogurtini, Yo Yo: Self serve, weight your cup and pay. They had different flavors that change (don't know if daily, weekly?) I had the taro and summer bliss. Loved the taro, creamy and it does taste like taro. Summer bliss was a nice citrusy tropical fruit mix, tart and refreshing. I tried the original tart but didn't like it as much.Fruit toppings were fresh, I had strawberries:)I hope they don't close so I can have fro yo easily accessible:)
2	I saw another frozen yogurt shop opening here in Ahwatukee (why were there so few for a while? California has so many and Arizona has so few - makes no sense) and I was hoping they would have tart yogurt like Pink Berry, or at least like MoJo's and lucky me, they did! I looked on-line before they opened and saw they had a twitter account and on that it said for their grand opening weekend yogurt was buy-one-get-one half off so we all went in on a Saturday afternoon looking for just that. They place is very small, but decorated well with green tile and all the yogurt machines are in the walls. Unlike MoJo's, when you come in the door and do it all your self here the yogurt girls want to serve you the samples themselves (for all I know, maybe even the yogurt). We asked about the BOGO and the girl had no idea about so she went to ask her manager. She came out and said the manager would only do it with the coupon so I had to explain that twitter doesn't come with a coupon and their tweet said nothing about a coupon.  So she had to go back to get the manager to intervene.  (Check out their tweet on August 16 at 4:02 pm http://twitter.com/ZwirlYogurt) She argued with me for a while and I understood where she was coming from, she obviously wasn't in charge of the twitter account, but come on. You need to be aware of what's going on with your business. She conceded and said that she could do it for us and to let us know when we were ready and she would personally ring us up. At that point we had sampled a couple of flavors here and there waiting for answers and we weren't too impressed. The original tart was bland. I know that's what you would expect, but it's not bland at MoJo's or Pink Berry's. Kind of like the difference of fat free ice cream compared to the real thing (only this is all fat free). I also tried the tart pomegranate and that also tasted like it was missing something. My husband tried a couple too and that alone seemed to satisfy him. I just took a lick off my sample cups and gave the rest to the toddler so he was in heaven so after all that we decided the yogurt just wasn't worth it BOGO or not and we left. Sadly we won't be back. We'll stick with Golden Spoon and when I'm lucky to be close enough to MoJo's, I'll get my fix there. That being said, I hope they do well, I don't want to see any businesses fail.
2	The first time I went to Zwirl, I didn't think it was so bad. I was a little confused because the lady said there were 24 flavors, but I could only see about 8 that were available. I quickly figured out that they rotate flavors.  I had plain tart and my husband had peach. They were both just ok.....slightly icey, not creamy, but not over sugary either.I decided to surprise my 4 year old daughter this week with a trip to the new fro yo shop.  It did not go well. The building smelled like a backed up toilet. I was literally gagging as we tried to get our yogurt, and then I was having bad thoughts about what could be in the yogurt if the air smelled like ass. We ate our yogurt outside. It would not be so disturbing if it were just a bad ass smell - that happens sometimes in old buildings. This was a combo of bad ass + bad/cheap cleaning products to try and cover it up. I feel nauseous just thinking about it. I think the strangest strangest part is that the girl just sat behind the counter smiling  - like nothing was wrong - maybe she was used to the smell, which makes it even worse! We will not go back!
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food8 Service7 Atmosphere9 ValueI sampled the Cookies & Creme (very good), and then had a little Tart, Mango, and York Peppermint.  The tart was good, the Mango (w/ coconut & strawberries) and York (w/ coconut & marshmallows) both excellent - and the topping selection abundant.The service was also good, except I did see a little kid playing back behind the counter when I walked in?  Stay away from my marshmallows!I really liked how small the place was (how much space do you really need to get froyo?) and the detail in the decor, but the seating was uncomfortable for the sake of aesthetics and the back toppings were hard to get to because of the sneeze guard.  But I do love pay-by-the-pound   :)  I gave it 3 stars, but it's a strong 3 and more visits could easily make it a 4 if things fall into place.What I think we need, is a Fro Yo Face Off between MoJo, Zwirl, and Yogurtland.
3	I must admit that I have been going back to this place about once a month for the last two months. They got rid of the bad smell and Golden Spoon doesn't carry plain tart regularly, so I have been getting my fro yo fix here. I only gave three stars because the place is too expensive and the quality of the fruit toppings is not good.
2	Not impressed with this place at all, I have been here several times on my way to the amc next door and it is just blah. I tried to dress it up with toppings but I ended up just throwing the whole thing away. The other time I sampled several different flavors and just wasn't feeling it.
4	I've been really into froyo since trying Pinkberry on my various trips to LA. I've been on the hunt for something close back here in AZ. I've read the previous reviews and I think they must have improved a lot of the problems since I've discovered it because I haven't been aware of any of them.I think this place is the best in froyo against the Mojo and Yogurtland I've visited. I like that they have a variety of flavors but am bummed when I go in and they don't have them. As long as they have the original tart I can be happy.My favorite flavors are green apple and mango, and the fruit is always fresh and sweet. The place is decorated like any other cute little froyo joint and the girl behind the counter is always nice. Although I can't imagine what it must be like when it's packed and people are asking for samples because whenever I go in it's not busy.Overall, it's a low-key and tasty froyo spot. It's a bit far from where I live but it's worth the drive for good frozen yogurt. I also dig the reward point system they have - it definitely makes the trip a bit better.
2	I'm not saying this place is bad, but it doesn't really differentiate itself from any other yogurt shop.  You pour yogurt in your tub and add toppings; they weigh it and you pay for it...pretty simple concept.  I rather enjoyed my smoothie.  Service is pretty good.  I think they have a great location - right outside the theaters.  There's not a lot of chairs indoor and the outdoor has a small patio.  If you're a yogurt freak I gather you should stop by and take a gander.  Otherwise any yogurt shop would do.  Enjoy!
2	The yogurt here is extremely runny and watery. I basically have a bowl of ice cream soup by the time I reach my car in the parking lot. I understand that the fact that it's 110 degrees outside has something to do with this, but I've been to about four other yogurt shops in the past few weeks and I never have this problem. I understand slight melting, but it is extreme here. Are they doing this on purpose to save money? Oh plus they got rid of the Fruity Pebbles. Big mistake. I know Fruity Pebbles are light and don't make them as much money as strawberries and other fruit do, but they are a great topping. Bring them back!
