5	I see Jenny Strebe who cuts and Veronica Peebles who colors. They are AMAZING! I am so glad they opened Salon Stylush, it is the perfect size (not too huge and crazy) and it is so modern & cute! Jenny is an amazing hair stylist with the accolades to prove it (she styles hair for fashion shows, magazines, television, etc). Jenny has been cutting my hair for years and she is super sweet and super talented. I trust her with my hair, no question, and recommend her highly. Also, she has a talent for men's hair as well. She cuts my husband's hair and that is one of his best qualities (I'd say!). There are so many men out there with bad hair - Jenny knows how to make it work for men!Veronica has colored my hair for years - and she is hands down one of the best in the industry. I never loved my color until I found Veronica. Now, I trust her completely and know she'll make my hair look great, and natural, which is important to me. She's also super sweet! I highly recommend Veronica as a stylist and colorist.
5	I absolutely love Veronica! I've tried a few styles with her and each time it comes out looking exactly as I pictured it! She's also highlighted my hair on a few occasions and  it looks so perfect, people ask if it's natural. I no longer live in Arizona, but I won't have anyone else cut or color my hair other than Veronica!
5	Salon Stylush is an adorable salon in Scottsdale.  Just as adorable as the salon are the ladies who own and operate it.  I have followed Jenny from the last two salons she has been at will continue to do as as long as I am in Arizona.  Cuts, styling and color are what I see her for and no joke I get compliments ALL the time.  We've played around with length and color over the years and I have never had a bad visit and it always looks natural.  I trust Jenny completely with whatever she does.   I'm so excited to have her do hair for my wedding in October!  I know I'm going tho have "kick ass" hair!The space is fun and inviting and they always make you feel welcome.  The decor is unique and funky...love the curtains!  All of the ladies here are up on the most current trends in hair so you'll never have an "old lady" hair style.Go visit the ladies of Salon Stylush!!
5	Love the girls at Stylush! Go see the color Queen, Veronica Peebles!
5	Thanks Veronica. You were wonderful. Love my new look
