4	I do love Taco Bell and this location is no exception. Usually a little bit slower than the others as it is still newer. Service is about as fast as the location behind Target Greatland on Buffalo.
2	What happened to Taco Bell?  It use to be one of my favorite Guilty Pleasures....it has fallen so far down my list, I don't even crave it anymore.  Why?- Because their portions are much smaller.- Prices increased.- Quality of the food downhill.My most recent visit the other day I ordered a 7 Layer Burrito ($1.99) and 2 Bean Burritos ($1.09).  The Bean Burritos were the size of the ones they sold a few years ago for 69 cents....now they're $1.09?  They're freakin' tiny and unsatisfying.  The 7 Layer Burrito has taken a huge hit in quality too.....all of the ingredients tasted bland.....blech.  Also, Taco Bell has the habit of not putting out their Fire Sauce for people to use....only Hot & Mild.....and when you ask for some, they give you 2 packets for each item.  I can easily use up 4 or 5 per item....whatever.Overall Value - Even though I spent less than $5, it was garbage.  Only reason why I stopped by was because of old memories of good junk food.Will I return?  Eventually, someday.....but not anytime soon.
3	Near my home,always polite,prompt service and I usually have a sister wife & family spotting here! I wish they'd carry brewed ice tea and dr pepper!
2	First time at this particular location, but you would think since it's a chain they would all be the same...boy was I wrong. I order nacho supreme and a Mexican pizza. The nachos barely had any meat or beans on them and the shell for the Mexican pizza tasted of old oil and stale. So awful!!!
3	Taco Bell and I go way back to the days of my youth.  I still like to stop by and order a 7-Burrito every now and again.  Just as I did on Saturday afternoon.  I also like the cheap chickcen burrito they have.  It is another go to for me.  But what do you do when the Taco Bell nearest to you is hit and miss on a regular basis?  I continue going expecting frustration and being pleasently surprised when everything runs smoothly.More often than not my frustration arises from the people infront of me in the drive-thru.  They take so damn long to order sometimes.  Other times, like on Saturday, the delays seem more of the fault of the people behind the counter.  I saw a bag of food passed back and forth between the window and the truck ahead two or three times.  Apparently they could not get the order right inside.  When I got up to the window I waited though I could clearly see my food sitting there as three employees were discussing another issue.  They knew I was there and even took my money.  I was getting a little irritated and may or may not have cussed a bit when I drove off.  Yet on a previous visit I was very surprised at the service I received.  I was greeted warmly when I pulled up the the order box.  I got my food quickly.  It was fresh and hot.  I was even given a free Vanilla Dr. Pepper slushie thing as I seemed "to be in a good mood."  If I wasn't before I certainly was afterwards.  That was kind of cool.With any relationship there are bound to be ups and downs.  And so goes mine with Taco Bell.
