5	This is the new SF Supermarket that opened recently on the corner of Spring Mountain and Decateur Blvd (Spring Oaks Plaza Shopping Center).  The grocery store is large and the produce and seafood are fresh and priced competitively.  The aisles are wide and kept clean.It also has a deli that serves Vietnamese Sandwiches made to order, as well as Vietnamese desserts and other sweet and savory pastries.  On this visit I tried the chicken Pate Choux (not impressed) and also the one made with pork (this was good), and it costs just $1.25 (including tax) each.This Asian supermarket and Geenland Supermarket are welcome additions to the Asian grocery stores in West Las Vegas, and will hopefully forced the other less than good competitors to step up and improve their quality, freshness, and customer service or forced them out of business.
4	This is definitely a quality Asian market, one that holds up to the kinds of markets I adored back in Cali. Firstly, it's clean and spacious. The aisles aren't narrow like some of the smaller markets and the merchandise is organized and labeled correctly. Definitely doesn't have "the smell" which can happen in Asian markets who do not do a good job of washing out the meat and fish departments or watching to produce that is past it's freshness. I think that the prices are fairly good. With anything, its a give and take with one item cheaper here, but another more expensive than another market. The produce was a good selection and I was able to find fresh Asian vegetables like white on choy and Asian fruit treats like fresh lychee (cheap at $1.40 lb) for prices I was happy with. The fish area looked good, but I didn't feel like picking up any today. One nice thing is that the live fish and crustaceans weren't stacked up to the top of the tank which is one thing I do not like about most Asian markets (168 market is a big offender in this). There's so many dead animals in the tanks going unnoticed or disgusting looking fish that looks like victims of cannibalism. Here, their live fish, lobster, clams and crab look healthy and the tanks were clean so I would come here if you're looking for live. Only complaint is that the meat department wasn't looking that great with the red meats having that red "dried out" look so I skipped out on grabbing any meat...Sucks, I really have been on a hi-low search for beef shanks lately. The chicken and the oddities looked alright. It's a big deal for meat not to be quality since it's essential to almost every meal I make. If that was up to par, then I would be happy to say this is the best variety Asian market in Vegas. The plus is the deli area. We got some 3 color bean dessert and this one dessert that has various things like yams and jackfruit with little tapioca in thick coconut cream. I was way too full to order bahn mi, but very excited that they offer these and savory pastries like pate choux.On a random note, I found some interesting Asian imported beers that I have not seen in any liquor store so anyone looking for fresh, light Asian brews should maybe look here...and also tell me how they are. I'm curious, but I'm not much of a light type beers and I'd hate to waste a whole pack in my fridge.  Their Asian junk foods were a decent selection, a bit too decent that I needed to not look at the buggers. I definitely will be coming here and Greenland for my Asian grocery needs.
4	You know how when you make that choice to go vegan or vegetarian, the thing you miss most is tendons and kidney slices? No? Is that just me? Well, regardless, you can get your fill of assorted cruelty-free vegetarian... um, "parts" at SF market! They have the most extensive and entertaining selection of fake meat products (some vegan, some have eggs) I have ever dreamed about much less seen in real life.  Veggie chicken, duck, ham, lamb, tendon, meat balls, etc ... I smell a tasting party!They have a great selection of tofu for those who like their soy a little closer to the bean as well!Plus they have a huge selection of veggies, herbs, etc.  I was very excited to find my favorite kind of Thai curry paste (Maseri) there.  I can't find it anywhere else in town except maybe the International Market.  Fresh rice noodles, bakery in-house, this place has it all!
5	I was doing my usual Sunday shopping/eating errands and was happy I stopped inside the new SF market.I can be a foodwimp at times, I admit this. If a place is dirty or smells, or god forbid I see flies in the produce section, I RUN out like there's a swarn of killer bees after me! Ethnic markets for me seem to be a big culprit. King Ranch, then a few other Asian markets have made me be hesitant if things look skeevy. Even the beloved International Marketplace used to REALLY bug me with the fish department smells.SF Market is CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN and very organized. The produce is gorgeous and very delish. Bought a great Honeydew melon there! So many things that look good, it's been the first place i've really noticed FRESH waterchestnuts, you gotta shuck/skin them yourself.The meat department when I was there was excellent. A varied selection, lots of pork (yay!) and stuff looked good. Bought some ground beef and a pork roast, both were great.The seafood section was OMG huge! This is the department that usually sends me running, if it smells too fishy. I was so happy to smell only a clean, disinfected almost sanitized smell, no fish. SO GREAT! Lots of variety, and not just cod or salmon. Skate wings? First time i've seen that in Vegas. The little guys all looked fresh.My go-to place for Asian exotic foods now!
4	I love this store!  It is super clean, the produce always looks really fresh and there is a huge variety.  The meat and fish department are excellent. The pork fillet is great and doesn't have added water like at the regular supermarket so its way better for stir fry.  Good pork belly and sweet sausage.  Lots of variety of fresh noodles too.The best part for me is the to go food, the pork choux are the closest thing I've found to a New Zealand meat pie, yum!  Even better are the Banh mi @ $2.99 for a bread roll crammed with pickled veges a choice of meat and some hot peppers, I'm in heaven!  The to go is cash only so bring a couple bucks:).
5	It gets a star bump! I've gone a few times since my first review and it has quickly become our favorite Asian market by far. The prices are reasonable and some things are quite a steal.There are some interesting finds and reasonable for "exotic" items.  I got Mako Shark filets ($3.99 per lb) today and I'm uber happy. Clean! Neat aisles, product isn't dusty. Fresh product meats and seafood!Wide aisles! Not a clusterfuck of people even when it's busy. Nothing irritates the BF more that way too many people in a small space. It's a relaxing shopping experience here.Deli desserts and viet sammies! Aaahh it's a lovely, lovely, place.
4	SF Las Vegas Supermarket is our go to place for Asian groceries.  Sure, we used to hit up the original SF Super up the street, but definitely appreciate the greater space and larger variety of goodies at this location.  We've been known to leave the other Asian supermarkets in the area just to come here for our needs.  You'll usually find me in the produce section - it's our first stop since it's conveniently located directly to the left when you walk in.  And depending on what's on the menu, then we'll maneuver our way to the back for protein and seafood.  I find them to have the cheapest prices with the highest turnover on produce, with a good selection.  And like Jade W. said, wider aisles are always appreciated! It doesn't hurt that they are conveniently located across the street from Hot N Juicy Crawfish, and in the same shopping center as Big Lots, Woo Che, and Honey Pig!
3	I was craving some mochi. ( Japanese rice cakes usually filled with some sweet bean paste) since we were at big lots I decided to ck this market out. Nice and clean wide aisles. Produce looked good , the seafood and meat counters did not smell. Since I was on a mochi hunt just browsed quickly. They had Japanese mochi but not fresh  . The only fresh mochi was Vietnamese style  I bought the four season with taro and manju with coconut . They were alright I think Vietnamese rice cakes r a little sweeter. It satisfied  my cravings .
4	$1 for a gallon of water in Vegas? I'm in. Really close to the strip. Seriously. Although, you need a car. This is like one of those old school Asian supermarkets. Brings back memories.I haven't done any shopping for anything else here so I can't comment on quality but if you ever feel the need to cook while on a trip to Vegas then go here, but, um, you probably shouldn't be taking any more trips to Vegas.
4	This place is huge! Compared to many of the other markets, this place is ginormous. There are lots of aisles packed full of products, though I didn't spend much time wandering them (all the fresh stuff is in the perimeters!). The produce section is large, with a wide variety available to make dishes from many different cuisines. I picked up napa cabbage, radish sprouts, thai basil, bean sprouts and a few other goodies but I saw tons of chilis, greens, herbs, fruits (dragon fruit!), etc. I saw a package of  "shark fin" in the produce area, which interests me. There's a lot of different meats and fish; some cuts that will be familiar and many that won't. Not all of it looks super fresh so I stuck with the live blue crabs. The lines move fast, there are big frozen tubs to supplement the fresh areas and they are stocked with a huge assortment of things. There's a lot of things to see and try, so be brave and explore! I'll be going back to see what kind of new things I can find. A store this big requires multiple trips!
4	It's in Vegas Chinatown.  Outside the sign says L V Superstore & Sieu Thi Thuan Phat Supermercado, then inside it says SF Supermarket.  Jeez, so many names.It's a huge store like 99 Ranch with lots of room to move around & lots of stuff.  We went here like 4 times in 5 days to get food.We bought:Fuji apples - huge & deliciousBaked shrimp chips - love themBaked shrimp chips hot garlic - love them lotsSeaweed to eat like snacksWe got Vietnamese sandwiches almost everyday for our lunches when we went hiking.  They have a deal right now: buy 4 get 1 FREE.  Regular price for one is $2.99.  Sandwiches had to pay with CASH ONLY.  Grocery items can use credit cards.Recommend this place.
4	So yes, right after my visit to 168 market, I had to come to SF to complete my grocery shopping.  The crab is still cheaper here than anywhere else.This Asian supermarket is awesome because it is big, have tons of produce, fish, meat, snacks, and so much more.  And the best part of all, the prices of these items will not dent your bank (unlike the hit I get from buying items from Albertsons). I love coming here for fruits and veggies.  For example, Fuji apples - $.69/lb, California navel Oranges -4lb for $.99, bunch of spinach - $.89...how cheap and healthy is that!They have a deli area that sells Vietnamese sandwiches, and many other Vietnamese snacks/goodies.  I am not a fan of the sandwiches there.  It's kinda bland.   Anyways, I feel good  walking out of the store w/my bags of grocery, knowing that I didn't overpay on them (compared to American Supermarkets).
3	If you are just looking for a local supermarket, your choices include Vons, Smith's, Food 4 Less and Albertson's.  Each of these grocery stores is easily accessible and carries weekly specials for you to take advantage of.  From the strip, Food 4 Less on Decatur and Flamingo is one of the most easily accessible.  You will have to bag your own groceries, but the prices are not easily beat.  Vons at Decatur and Sahara has some of the best produce that is not organic.  Smith's is a great local grocery store that carries everything, but you will want to get their savings card for the best deals.  Some of the stores are open 24 hours, but not all of them. If you need a store that carries everything, Walmart Supercenters dot the landscape practically everywhere in Las Vegas.  The best one to go to from the strip is the one at Rainbow and Spring Mountain.  Here you will find everything you could possibly need, from home furnishings to groceries.  If you are in need of personal items, this is the place to go as they are less expensive here than anywhere else.
4	I've never seen so many chicharrones in one place.  They had a 10 or 12 foot stretch of shelving with six shelfs just devoted to that delicacy.  I bought some pigs-ear chicharones - still haven't tried them yet this evening. Produce prices were about the best among the big Asian stores hereabouts.  We got some soup bowls here that were to our satisfaction, many I've seen are too wide and shallow..... I've shopped at the SF Mkts in Sacramento too and like them all.
1	I have been shopping at this store since it was open.  It has a lot of items and prices are very competitive.  I was generally happy until most recently.SF will only get one star from me due my recent experience at the store.Last week, I bought a few cucumbers and was charged for a case of cucumbers for $18.00.  No problem.  It was an honest mistake and I was refunded.Yesterday, I was totally POed by one of the staff working in the seafood counter.  SF recently changed its policy - customers can no longer pick your own fish.  Employees behind the counter will need to help us pick now.  I personally think this policy change is a bad idea.  SF is wasting its time and money as most customers will want to pick the freshest fish.  Employees will be spending more time helping customers pick the right fish instead of spending time on other tasks.Here is what got me so upset.  A guy told me to read the new sign that I was not supposed to pick my own fish anymore.  Fine.  So, I asked him to help me pick a fish.  I asked him to open a gill of a tilapia and it did not look too good.  It was brown instead of red - an indication that the fish was not fresh.  So, I asked the guy to open a gill of the next poor tilapia.  It looked red, but it was a little too small.  So, I asked the guy to find me a tilapia with red gill and was a little bit bigger than the current one.  He was irritated and blurted out, "You are like a girl".  Needless to say, I was pissed.I reported the incident at the seafood counter to the store manager (in English and in my broken Chinese).  A few minutes later, I noticed the store and the fish guy having a conversation that appeared to be a reprimand (at least it looked and sounded like it based on tone of voice of the manager - they were conversing in Vietnamese).To SF Management:  If you happen to read this review, please change that fish policy back to let us pick our own fish.  I am sure most customers prefer to select their own fish.
3	SF is, to me, the ambiance Asian market of Las Vegas.  Unlike other Asian markets in town, *cough99RanchMarketcough,* SF doesn't make me want to go on a murder spree.  Generally, I feel pushed to a murder spree if: (1) the store is insanely crowded; (2) the store is out of everying I need; and (3) the entire store smells like rotting fish.  SF is none of these!In addition to not smelling like rotting fish, SF also carries excellent produce and cheapo fish.  I drive across town just to pickup their fresh onchoy, a box of coconuts, and frozen durian fruit.  I have yet to find boxes of coconuts in stock at other stores so, on that limited point, SF beats all others.SF also has good deals on their live shellfish.  $5.99 a lb for fresh, live dungeness crab? Yes, please.  Also, if you need copious amounts of fish heads, this place has it covered.
4	This is my kind of supermarket.  SF has got everything I need for Asian cooking.  Seeing that I am a native of SoCal and have lived in an Asian community all my life, I was a bit apprehensive that the selection of groceries here would disappoint me.  It did not disappoint!  Of course, as with every Asian supermarket, I would've been greeted with the all-too-familiar stench of fish upon entering.   Not here! :)  The market was very big and clean.
5	Don't know why there's 2 SF Supermarkets just a couple blocks apart, but it can't hurt I guess.  Like the 1 just west, this one has low prices, the selection is huge, varied & ethnic (mostly Asian).  Score!
4	When you enter, their produce is to the left-hand corner. Their meat section is in the back. They generally have a pretty good selection of meat. Because they have two markets out here in town, definitely check out both markets to compare prices for meat and produce, because they do like to change prices at both places to probably make a little more money from any people who don't compare prices.Their produce is fresh and vegetables get misted quite often to keep them juicy and fresh. Their selection of sauces is gargantuan. Their selection of fish and seafood is alright, but we're in desert, so I understand why it's not outstanding. They have very clean aisles. There is always someone stocking inventory if you need to ask for help. I took off a star because their express lane is always bombarded by people who have way more than 15 items, but the cashier still takes the customer at that lane anyway. They post their special price deals at the entrance. Definitely take a look at that. That could help you save a bit of money on things you might happen to need as well. Happy shopping!
5	what not to love this place? my family and i here almost 3x a week, we love their fresh seafood department, always on the look out for lobster or Dungenese crabs on sales, and they're always freshly restock by Friday
3	I come here when I am making pho at home.  This is an Asian supermarket with an emphasis on Vietnamese products.  The have all the stuff I need to make pho; paste, cooked noodles, meatballs, veggies, sauces, etc.  They have many selections not found in traditional American supermarkets and prices are usually better too.  Be prepared to feel out of place if you are not Asian.
4	Always an adventure!!Anytime I cook meals with exotic ingredients, this is where I go!This is also the home of the CUTEST candies you've ever dreamed of!Good luck if you need to ask for help though..
4	I come here for all the Asian necessities. Ironically, I always see someone I know here. That must mean it's good when all of your friends and relatives shop here too. Produce is great.  Tons of veggie soy products, believe it or not. Wayyyyyy cheaper than Whole Foods and all the other health stores. They have everything from imitation barbeque pork to soy textures.
3	This is a good place to get most of your asian stuff.I came in here looking around and I got a box of roasted pretz for 1.99.I just had a few a minute ago and there very good,the snack section here is ok the one at 99 ranch market is better though :)
5	Huge and clean. Has plenty of produce and a great variety of prepackaged products. They were constructing a place for prepared foods at the time of my visit. I've been to lots of Asian stores, but this is the first time that I've every seen cheese and corn ice cream. Great store for everything you need.
1	I will never buy meat ,milk and eggs in this store. I bought shrimps one time, when i got home. I opened the bags, the smell of smelly came out, also made me throw up. Their vegetable is not fresh anymore. You can go there to check and compare with the other store. Bad service also.
2	I'm pretty sure that this is one of those places where if you are a Non-Chinese Asian, you get treated badly. It's a fact that every single person of Asian descent in the world has some Chinese blood in them, but I think the treatment I received here comes from more of a nationalistic point of view rather than ethnic.When I first moved to Las Vegas many years ago, I had no clue where any of the Japanese or Korean districts were located. Las Vegas is a very politically incorrect place, not only do the public schools teach their students that Cubans are from a continent named Mexico, but the city hall decided to declare everything on Spring Mountain: "Chinatown". They even declared the Korean, Japanese and Vietnamese districts as Chinese.  Well, getting back to subject, I asked the lady working here where I could find a good Ramen house or Korean BBQ, and she started making these angry screaming noises at me. She then said that she refuses to answer the question. All the reviews below are like "Hrey! Dis is wer I go fur mei Azn fud shooping!"(translation- Hey! This is where I go for my Asian food shopping). Now that quote bothers me? The term "Asian" is too broad and general. Can I really do my Japanese food shopping here? Not really, unless you count Nissan Ramen. Can I really do my Korean food shopping here? No F*cking way! You guys are as mixed up as Floyd Mayweather when he told Manny Pacquaio to go back to the Japan and make some Sushi.
4	This is a one stop shop for all of the materials needed for my various Asian food culinary endeavors. They have a great selection of produce at very reasonable prices, great meat options and countless other products -- curry pastes, broth, noodles, desserts, you name it. No one has been rude to me yet nor have I felt snubbed. I never really feel out of place being here as a non Asian...but maybe I am too self absorbed to notice or care ;).  Great selection of product, adequate service and low prices.
5	The VERY quick run down for those just realizing a special recipe you're about to cook for your date calls for a foreign ingredient:If it's a paste, or thick sauce, to go 99 Ranch down the street.  Anything else, go to SF.  However, this is not really an "Asian" supermarket--more like Chinese with dabs of other Asian cultures, and 99 Ranch has a bit more variety in terms of cultural spread.The produce prices tend to be better than 99 Ranch and the selection on vegetables is great. Fruit is well priced but a small variety-jack fruit, spiny fruit, oranges, dragon fruit, etc.  Rarely I see apples but only one kind, and not blueberries, etc.Meat prices are market standard, but a WHOLE different array of parts. Literally.  I now have pig brain in my freezer because it looked interesting, and my boyfriend and I try one totally weird thing every time we go. This one may take the cake.Seafood is very well prices, esp. live. Oysters are about $0.99 each, for instance.  They do let you choose which crabs you take--some look a bit worse for wear.  The fish in the ice is mostly very fresh, a few exceptions, and varies week to week.  You choose which way you want it--whole, filet, steaks, etc. They weigh it, charge you for the whole fish, then behead it, clean it, etc.  It still works out cheaper than the grocery store, FYI.Not a wide array of curries except Thai (for Indian go to New India Market on Decatur), some Malaysian food, Indonesian, and of course some Japanese and some Korean.  This is mostly a Chinese store, not an "Asian" store, again, so you can find everything Chinese and most things for other "Asian" recipes, but it will require looking. Forget asking for help.Alcohol section for sake, and Chinese plum wines, is pretty good! Standard pricing.  Lees sometimes is cheaper if you catch it on sale.  Beer is better priced here but not cold and I don't know how long it has been on the shelf.  Some beer, though IS cold in the fridge section on the right.The prices are great, the variety is great, but the con:Customer service is horrid.  It's not only a language gap, but just an attitude gap. I have NEVER been regarded poorly b/c I'm not Asian in there, but when the woman at the register rang up my sweet potatoes as the twice as expensive garnet yams then refused to admit it was wrong until I brought her a garnet yam and showed her the difference-then she had to get a manager to see-I was never issued an apology or even an "oops."  I'd take off a star for that but considering they had lemongrass, panang curry ingredients, and the cheapest anise ever, I was good to go.
5	Probably one of the bigger asian supermarket with a togo deli inside.I actually enjoy coming here.  The place is huge with lots of typical ingredients I would require to cook at home.  Prices are very decent with random sales on certain items.  Place is organized which makes it easy to locate items.  Produce is a hit or miss, but in comparison to other asian markets I have been to, it's not bad at all.  You cant compare this to Whole Foods.  On the other end of the market, there is a deli.  They sell roasted whole duck and other togo items.  Very convenience since I can grab some boba or dim sum togo.  Parking is a plenty and the check out is fairly quick.  Open late.
4	This place reminds me of the downtown L.A Chinese super markets. Definitely felt good vibes being here.
4	Great produce!
4	My favorite asian market in las vegas. No matter what I'm looking for, I'll find it here most of the time unless its some specialty ingredient. This place is huge compare to the other asian market and best of all PLENTY OF PARKING!  I do my shopping here atleast once a week for my vegetetables and seafood. You could find things from durian, jackfruit, dragon fruit, lychee, bok choi, and tarot. Theres also a small food court located right inside that sells roasted ducks, roast pork, chicken feet, cow tongue and much more. This market alwayse have what im looking for nomatter what time of day im there its alwayse fully stock. Definitely my favorite market compare to ranch 99 and others in vegas.
4	It is huge, and how could I never have been here in the 3 years it has been open?!  The first thing I saw when I walked in was cheap exotic mushrooms.  There were bulk bins of different types of bean sprouts and cuts of fresh bamboo shoots.  Finally, I found Thai iced tea ice cream and popsicles, and AVOCADO ice cream...but alas...it was hot and we were too far of a drive without ice packs to buy them.  The vastness of this place is filled with all sorts of Asian goodies.  I found the kanten (agar agar) I needed at another place, but here there were abundant choices of agar agar and mixes for annin dofu and other types of pudding.  Most importantly, I acquired a cast iron takoyaki pan for $12.99 when amazon was offering similar items for at least $25.  I also got gingko nuts for under a dollar for chawanmushi.  This is definitely worth a visit - most items can be found in town between here and Greenland.
4	If you want to try new/exotic fruit this is the place for you. I bought Jack Fruit for less $$ compared to other Asian markets in town.
4	I always get confused with this location and the smaller location. Not sure why they need to have the same market less than a mile from each other? However, this is the newer location and much much larger. I'm Vietnamese so I love to cook a lot of traditional Vietnamese dishes and I like to come here because they carry all of the produce and the dry goods that I need in my cooking.The prices are decent and the quality and freshness isn't the best all the time, but it depends on the day and the time that you go.Coming from California, I used to always get my Vietnamese produce in the Little Saigon area. Apparently SF Market is also from CA? Anyway, they are a Vietnamese market so they're not that much different from the Vietnamese markets that I'm used to in California. Granted, some items don't look as fresh or big as California, but it makes do for the area.So far this is my go to place for any unique ingredients and produce I need to be able to cook my classic Vietnamese meals.P.s. their napa cabbage is forever bruised here. Buy it somewhere else.
5	A great Meat/Butcher, Seafood, and Produce selection to almost every Asia Pacific canned, frozen, jarred, packaged and condiment need.My favorite part was finding many kitchen and cooking utensils, housewares, woks, pans, pots, and steamers - all of various sizes.As the personal Chef in my household, I kept thinking, "I so need all this stuff!"I spent sometime in many of the asian markets in the Henderson and Las Vegas area, and love the convenience of having everything I need in one marketplace.The "cherry on top" is that the store was clean, nicely lit and easy to maneuver through.
4	After being disappointed with the lack of Asian fresh produce and groceries at Smiths, Wholefoods, and other grocery stores, I was stoked to find so much here! Finally I can make my favourite Asian cuisine without it bring from a pre-prepared packet. I found most things quickly and was pleasantly surprised by the price and brand options available. The produced appeared fresh and the seafood counter was busy with many options swimming around in tanks, still live. Having said that, there were no staff in the isles to help you locate items, the register staff spent the entire time while processing my order ignoring me and gossiping to other store go-ers and the layout/location of some items was confusing and inconsistent. Isles are narrow, stock pallets are left lying around randomly, other customers seem oblivious to their blocking of passageways and stick shelving and stock us piled high in odd places. I would recommend shopping here for those who know exactly what they want and are happy to ask for help to locate items; this is not the store to browse the shelves for inspiration on what to cook for dinner...
4	Good produce dept. I have learned to cook some chinese so it's fun to shop here for authentic ingredients. Tons of sauces noodles rices.Meat market is reasonable too.
4	Super cheap and fresh produce!The honeydew melon we bought was the sweetest we've ever tasted, the red plums were amazingly sweet and ripe, scallions were $.39/each, fresh shallots, red chilies, and fresh peeled garlic are all winners with me!  A plus:  their fried casaba chips and other assorted veggie chips for half the price of Whole Foods Markets, and just as delicious!
4	This supermarket is literally the best place to find your everyday ingredients for Asian dishes. Produce is fresh and they have fruits and veggies that you can't find anywhere else. Their meat and seafood sections are the best because they have everything and it's all freshly packaged in front of you. My favorite sections in this store are the ramen section and the snack and candy section. They have more asian ramen and snack selections than you can imagine. I go here every other week:)
4	Asian groceries time
3	Im a fan...Can you really go wrong when 4lbs of Pork Belly costs you $16? I just paid $32 for less than a pound at Honey Pig two doors down...lolThe store is semi clean and the workers are typically semi helpful...so it gets my seal of approval. It has a slight dingy feel, but nothing to make you run for cover...
4	This is my go to market for my fresh Asian ingredients and live seafood. I'm seriously here at least 3-4 times a week.Fruits & Veggies are a hit or miss. Some days they're super fresh and other days they're pretty beat up n withered. Same goes to prices. It's always changing from low to high. Seasonal thing most likely.Meats prices are good. Cheaper than the other Asian markets in Vegas n fresher looking tooSeafood price and freshness are great. Love it when they have their random seafood sale on dungeness crabs. The cheapest I've ever seen it here was for $.99 lb!! Yes I said $.99 hahaStaff - I love most of the staff members here. I've been going here for years so know most of them by face. All are very nice n super friendly ..well the ones I'm familiar with are lol
4	Whatchu need?! I'm trying my hand at making some Taiwanese Popcorn Chicken and I need supplies! I found everything I needed here despite the fact that when I asked the staff only half of them could understand me. There is also a small eatery inside to get some haaaawt food and there is another little store inside with all the Hello Kitty gear your heart desires!
3	I usually shop at 168 or Greenland for all my Asian needs. I decided to go to SF Market because I was looking for shrimp noodles that I could not find at 168. SF Market is most definitely bigger and they have a lot more variety. It just feels dirtier to me, though. They had really cheap green onions when I went, but the veggies seemed more expensive. The lines were super long and everyone seemed to buying a ton of things.  I might go to try out their fish. Overall, not a horrible experience nor a wonderful experience.
5	My friend who recently relocated to the area asked me to look for a place locally that would sell the Asian condiments she enjoys since she only sees me a couple times a year now and is addicted to various Asian hot sauces.  I came to this store to avoid all the traffic and parking issues in the nearby plaza and was impressed with the size and cleanliness of the store.  The produce section looked fresh and the same went for the meat and seafood section.  There were new shopping carts that looked clean.  Prices were decent.  I was thoroughly impressed with the customer service.  I have only gone to SF locations in CA, but going off of the Yelp reviews, this seems to be a popular favorite.  I will come to this store when in town to get my Asian ingredients to cook with while I am in town.
4	Loved the polar bear, the monkeys and endangered species were very impressive. The monkeys have the ability to climb through a habitrail out and about onto the zoo property which makes me feel like they are really well cared for. They have two crocodiles in their collection that were actually smuggled to theLas Vegas unsuccessfully to be someone's pets and they were confiscated!
