4	I remember eating here after my cousin's wedding and I kept wondering where they got the fish from. It's Las Vegas, the desert, with no ocean or river currents flowing in or out of the area. Where do Las Vegas restaurants get their fish anyways?To make it better it was my first time going to a Joe's Crab Shack, it was good and the fish tasted awesome.
5	consistently the best seafood in town. great atmosphere & service. limited menu-very few choices outside of seafood. king crab is great. the bbq style is not real good though. dungeness is alot of work and snow just doesn't have enough meat. go with the alaskan king crab w/butter. awesome!!! a little pricy compared to other options in town but worth the $$$. steaks are cooked perfectly & seasoned well. veggies are always hot & crispy. the corn & potatos in the steampot are fabulous
2	Very average food, sub par service. I've been to this location twice, in late October and early December, and the service has ranged from moderate, to absolutely terrible. The food has stayed in the center, being good, but nothing special. I've had this place described to me as 'Very touristy' and I think it fits that mold quite well. I don't know how to write what constitutes a touristy restaurant, but if you've ever been to a Joe's Crab Shack, I think you know what I mean. Anyway, the food is good enough, if slightly over priced. The service leaves something to be desired, as most customers do not want to wait for ten minuets at the host/hostess station only to be rudely 'greeted', as if they were doing you a huge favor. It's possible we caught them on bad nights, and I would hate to write a review based on exceptions to a standard, but I highly doubt I will return to a Joe's Crab Shack anytime soon.
4	We've seen commercials here in the Bay for Joe's...but we've never visited one until we drove by one in Vegas last week.  We walked in not really expecting too much (I was yelping as we were walking in!)...but lo and behold!  We ordered a few (yes, a few!) buckets of crabs and wow!  They were SO tasty!  AND, they didn't have any snow crabs that day, and had to substitute Dungeness for Snow....so we got a lot more for our money!I think this is the first time that I've ever gotten full off of crabs sans rice!  Though we didn't have vinegar with garlic and salt....the butter did just fine!  Service was also great and we were all glad that we FINALLY got to experience Joe's!  Now it's time to make like a tourist and head over to San Francisco!
5	Great for groups. Outside dining with mist machines. Sit at the bar (Jim the bartender) for best results.Visitors to Las Vegas and locals alike will enjoy this restaurant, but remember "it is what it is": fantastic seafood in an easy atmosphere. The main dining area can get rather loud with people shouting to be heard and the, uh, ECLECTIC mix of music over the PA system blaring loudly and the occasional employee-participation dancing that happens every twenty minutes or so. But, sitting at the bar or outside might help.I've eaten here about a half-dozen times over the years. Recently, on two separate occasions, I ordered the  Crab Daddy Feast with Fire seasoning. Comes with a half-ear of corn and a few roasted potatoes, and MOUNDS of three kinds of crab. Fat Tire on Tap, among others. Full bar, passable wine list.Notable: Lobster Bisque that is very, very good. I compared it to Landry's Seafood and prefer Joe's, but it was a close decision. Really tasty!
4	Date night: went to joe's crab shack with my BF for dinner after he raved about the crab steampot he'd eaten there recently.  We were immediately seated at a table once the hostess learned we weren't waiting on a booth.  It quickly became apparent that we would not be conversing with one another on date night where we were seated.  Apart from the intermittent "line dance" known to all who frequent this place, the din in the restaurant was deafening.  My BF quickly asked that we be re-seated at the bar where he knew the service was excellent from his previous experience.  He got the same "crab daddy" steampot as before.  I ordered the "beantown steampot" complete with 2 entire lobsters (my nirvana).  To start, we both ordered their lobster bisque.  It arrived semi-warm and chock full of flavor albeit a little "orangey" colored, which begged the question as to whether it was infused with cheese or ???  I was ravenous and ate most of what I ordered. So did my BF with still plenty to take home.  The lobsters, with shrimp, clams and potatoes were very well- seasoned!  An NBA playoff game, nailbiting, down to the wire was airing on the tv's during our dinner which, in my mind, made the experience exciting and memorable.  It also made for a lively crowd.   I walked out, satisfied and full to the brim.  Romantics, it's probably not your place.  But if you're comfortable in your relationship (i.e can wear a bib with your BF and he still desires you) and looking for a satisfying seafood evening that won't break your budget try joe's instead of red lobster.
5	Atmosphere is casual, but food is GREAT! Plus...Fat Tire on tap! Read the rest of my reviews on Joe's for more details. Always a good experience!
4	This is one of my favorites!  I'm a "pescatarian" so this is one of the few places I actually get "real" food.  I could eat crab for every meal every day.  I suggest the Dungenes Crab over the Snow Crab - much better taste.  The food is always great here.  The only complaint I have is it often takes quite awhile to get your food.  I mean, how long does it take to steam a crab?
5	OMG! Can I tell you how much I love crab!! I don't know why it's taken soo long for me to try this place, but let me tell you YUM!!! We got the trio combo crab bucket- UGH it was soooo good!!! Ask for some garlic and mix it with your melted butter with lemon....YUM YUM YUM!!!
4	It's a good 10 miles or so from the Vegas Strip.  But this location of this chain crab and seafood restaurant is so totally Las Vegas.  It screams "tourists, come inside!". You've got the tacky weathered all wood pseudo shack with "Joes Crabshack" sign outside.  Inside, there are Christmas lights all year, the big goofy 12' long fake fish hanging from the ceiling, men's bathroom with "Dudes" on it, and a special on 60 oz. pitchers of beer. And as a special treat, the kids had the best balloon guy ever.  For one kid, he did a Darth Vader all black "hat" with a black sword.  For a little girl, he created an orange fish with blue bubbles.  And for her sister, created a six petaled flower with green steams.  We were seated in about 5 minutes at 7 PM on a Friday night.  I really had low expectations of this place since I didn't enjoy my surf and turf meal at their Denver Colorado location a few years back.  Although I love crab, I hate to get my hands and shirt all dirty at a restaurant.  I will get sloppy at home where I can take a shower immediately after, but not here.  Pots of crab and seafood were the most popular item here.  A lot of the items are fried, like fish and chips, fried crawfish, fried shrimp. My brother had the lump crab cake dinner with two crab cakes, a small bowl of coleslaw, and french fries ($13).   The two crab cakes were moist and naturally sweet with the true subtle crab flavor coming through, with just a slight douse of onion and garlic.  The fries were tender and crisp, and not too greasy.  The cole slaw had bits of red and green cabbage, and carrots in a slighlty tangy and very sweet mayo dressing. I would give that meal a 4.5 rating.  I had the half and half crawfish combo ($12) with one half crawfish etouffee with bits of crawfish in a warm creamy sauce.  The other half was deep fried crawfish tails. It was served with rice and cocktail sauce. Both are actually good and not overcooked.  I only at 1/3 of it because of my New Year's resolution to reduce my intake of fried foods. Myh meal was perhaps 3.5 stars. Our meals were enhanced by the beers on tap. My brother had Sam Adams regular lager, I had the Blue Moon.Service was attentive enough. Music playing in the background was classic rock and pop from the 70s to the 90s.  The place is loud and energetic, with little kids and adults loving the tacky atmosphere, comedic balloon guy, and the food.  It was a pretty good experience here. .
5	Superb service, fun atmosphere, superb quality...and Fat Tire on tap!Large seating area, nice bar, outdoor seating, fun and boisterous but kid-friendly environment, procedurally-competent servers with apparently a great training program. This restaurant's management has a winning attitude...anybody with eyes and taste-buds can tell. The food is always 100% perfect in taste and texture. My order has never been mixed up or forgotten or late. And a member of the management staff drops by your table to leave a business card and ask how things are.Make sure you mention you saw this review on Yelp!Probably one of the best restaurant success stories in Las Vegas, in my opinion.  Oh...and Fat Tire on tap. Yeah, it's like that.
4	Look at all those happy coconut encrusted shrimp just waiting to be inhaled!! This place was way better than expected!Service was slow, but thats cause they had two HUGE parties inside and one on the deck so I can totally understand. Our server Jessica was apologetic and stayed on her game through the whole meal, remembering everything and delivering it in a timely manner.What I liked best about this place was the playground for Lucy. Thats such a HUGE perk. When your a parent you wonder why the heck dont ALL chain restaurants do this?! lol check it, for just $12 bux I got twice as much plump and juicy coconut shrimp than you woulda got any where else. Stina had the steak and it was delicous. The foods a little lacking on presentation and the sides were a bit boring. Overall though the main course is amazing enough to make up for whatever is lacking in the foods that flank it. Kids under ten get a free drink to! Totally happy and trying the crab next time!!
4	i really like joe's crab shack i ate here 2 or 3 time and it's the best seafood i ever had  in las vegas i know it's a big franchise but it's better then a lot of big restaurants in las vegas it reminds of  Key West, FL and they have the best clam chowder in  las vegas if you want seafood  and your in las vegas   go to  Joe's Crab Shack.
5	Let's get the obvious out of the way:It's a chain restaurant.  They have goofy stuff on the walls.  The staff does goofy dances.  They have balloon animals.  And they have a bucket on your table that you can throw scraps into.Now let's get into the heart of the review: It's pleasant.  They know their shrimp and crab, and their Salmon Orleans is delicious.  Our waitress was funny and went above and beyond in providing good service.  The atmosphere was relaxing and very casual.  They have live music.Sometimes a seemingly ordinary place can just remind you of what's it like to simply have a good time during dinner.  If anything, it reminds me of those little tourist seafood shacks that you visit on vacation with (again) the goofy stuff on the wall, but the food is excellent.  Take that vacation feeling, put it here, and there you go.I've eaten here before and have never had a bad experience, but this last time, with the food and the attitude just inherently worked for me.  It's also reasonably priced, with a decent selection, so you can easily find something notable to eat here.If you want that vacation beach resort attitude without the ocean (trust me, Vegas EXCELS in not providing an ocean experience), you can't do much better than here.
5	Best place to eat seafood.  I love the Alaskan King Crab Legs, they are amazing.  We have eaten at several locations and all of them are AMAZING..............Laughlin @ The Golden Nugget overlooking the river and in Ventura, Ca.
3	Crab was seasoned well with Old Bay.  Moderately overpriced due to the very small portions of sides.
3	Fun. A regular spot for early dinner with friend. Not a great diversity in seafood selections, but it is a crab place
5	Love the customer service an and how they dance on ur birthday and at random times...great atmosphere:)
3	Kind of expensive and you have to work to get your crab out. The don't have the shell crackers, only a zip tool.
3	Went here not too long ago, and to tell you the truth....way too expensive for what you get.  The quality wasn't that great either...but again, we're in the middle of the desert and i can't imagine it being super fresh.  Had the crab legs...it was whatevers, but our server was super nice...and cute ;)
1	I am not a huge fan, but I have always liked the Steam pots. I went on Sunday after about a 6-8 month hiatus and the quality has really declined. Dinner came with potatoes that were frozen in the middle, and corn on the cob that was 1) not hot and 2) probably old enough to vote. Service was OK. They gave us an $11 credit to address the two bad steam pots and replaced the potatoes and corn. Unfortunately, the replacement items were not seasoned, clearly not fresh, and the corn had some black kernels on it. The crab seemed to also not be as good as it used to be there. Not sure if they just had an off night, but I don't plan to go back.
3	I only am giving three stars because I ah-dore the Great White shark hanging from the ceiling and their extensive line of witty teeshirt (crabs?). Otherwise, my first, and probably last visit to Joe's was nothing but a vibrantly colored-glorified Red Lobster.I was super excited to go because, ahem!, I like to eat crab and the place looks funfully inviting. AND IT IS (again, super witty tees)! I enjoy the colors, I enjoy the "wharfy" planks I had to carefully walk over in my stilettos, and hello? the commercials are pretty catchy, too.Amber was a sweetheart. She grabbed a shark toy (cocktail flare) to give to my 2 year old nephew, gave her feedback on menu items, was bubbly, and thought everything we were ordering was delicious! I like her.The calamari was boring and boring. My kid and I love calamari but this wasn't it. I'm pretty sure it was served with marinara sauce, not cocktail (where's the bit o' kick?). My....(wait, what did I order?)...oh yeah! My crab cake sandwich DID SAY it was served on an english muffin. Never before have I been so put off with consuming an english muffin - room temp, white, bleh. Tomato slice and shredded lettuce on the side. Some remoulade sauce (which I used to slather into my sandwich) was the hit the plate. My daughter got the crab nachos. They were yummy the next day. Sis-in-law had coconut shrimp & fries. I think she ate it. I had one and it was pretty good. But can you ever go wrong with coconut shrimp? IDK? In all, I'm pretty sure I won't be back to a Joe's Crab Shack. Okay, okay, maybe to grab a witty teeshirt.
3	When we got here we were seated right away. The whole resturant was LOUD! Now our waitress was pretty attentive to us. The food {not really amazing} was served nice and hot. The beer was nice and cold. Really wish I could of talked my wife into Outback. There I said it.
5	Steam pots galore. Great taste, good service.
4	Went to have dinner Wednesday night.  It wasnt busy and we were seated right away.  We had the best server ever...Kristin!  Since it was my first time there, she explained how to order and made suggestions depending on what i liked.  She was attentive and checked up on us to make sure we were ok.  Oh yah, we were fine and happy with our crab!  The food was good and for sure I'll be back for more next time.What I especially liked was how Kristin chased after us to return my friends daughter's ring and bracelet she had left on the table.  I thought that was cool.Thanks Kristin...youre the best!
4	I love this place. Everytime I come and visit my sister we come here for dinner. We both love their steamer buckets. Their crab nachos are awesome, the crab dip is great, the sam adams steam pot and basically any pot with crab is amazing too. We always order 1 pound of crawfish on the side too- and they do them perfectly! I love the cocktails too- especially the shark attack one or whatever its called thats blue. yum. we always have THE BEST service from Toni (we always get the same person lol). I love it here and if I was to complain at all it would be that my lobster claws in my steamer bucket were a bit overdone last time. its also a tad bit pricey but it is seafood.also, its good for kids cause they have a fun outdoor area for them to play.
4	Oh my God, this definitely isn't my type of restaurant. I hate having my dinner conversation interrupted with disco lights and an extremely loud version of the YMCA. Children probably love this restaurant because of how loud and colorful it is. And for birthdays they usually have the guest of honor dance around in fairy wings or some other Halloween costume accessory. So I guess this would also be a good restaurant to take someone for their birthday if you really want to embarrass them.Never the matter, I hate all of it. But despite the obnoxiousness that is guaranteed to accompany my meal, I continue to frequent Joe's Crab Shack because their crab steampots are sooo effing good and only run about $20-25 each. Oh and the crab nachos are pretty good too.I don't really have much else to say about the food because those are about the only things I order when I'm there. But I've been there at least once almost every day of the week, at different hours, and I've never had to wait more than two or three minutes for a table. A quick tip though: Don't sit outside unless you have a big selection of where to sit. The outside tables are like wooden picnic tables and many of them mysteriously wet or slimy because of week-old ketchup that was spilled and never completely cleaned off.
4	I've always seem to like this place. Their food never seems to disappoint me. Besides the prices being outrageous, this place still seems to find a way to satisfy me every time.When we come here to eat, we usually get just about the same thing every time. A pot of seafood, with crab legs, shrimp, sausages, and corn. Every now and then we get a appetizer, but usually the hot pot is good enough to fill us up. Spices we usually get the same thing, the lousiana spice or new orleans, something like that, I don't really want to go back to the menu to look. But yea, it's the same spice we always get.Food is pretty filling, but prices are crazy expensive. I really rather go to Boiling Crab or something similar because it is a bit cheaper for more bulk. On top of that Joe's Crab Shack isn't very friendly on location. This particular restaurant is in LV and we're from the Bay Area, the closest Joe's Crab Shack is in San Francisco which is a about an hour away from where we live.All in all this place was alot more friendlier than the place in San Francisco, and I mean ALOT more friendlier in service. That alone has me rating this place slightly higher than the other Crab Shack.
1	Worst food ever eaten in Vegas, only stopped because we were late and kids hungry.There were many unattended children in a dirty play area screaming as well. Service extremly slow, calemari, chewey and tasteless.
3	I have been craving crab for the longest time! I was disappointed with my choice though. What I chose was a sampler that had crab dip, calamari, and shrimp poppers. I couldn't really taste the seafood because of the cheese and most of items being deep fried hid the taste. It just tasted like salt to me. I should have paid more and got the bucket of crab! They also had salad with Coconut Shrimp in it. I thought I would have enjoyed that more but alas it was too late so we moved on to dessert.We had an apple crisp type of dessert with drizzled caramel topped with ice cream. That was delicious!I should have just stayed true to what I really wanted instead of being concerned about getting messy!
4	Joes fun shack.Ladies and gentlemen the captain recommends you wear the bib, it's gonna get messy. The truth is, I never come here expecting to find exceptionally good food. The food is good but not wow!.. good. The reason I stop at this place is because is fun, also for the service and the ambiance and to get away from the ordinary, it feels like you're far somewhere on a beach. The place can get loud, you know, party loud so if you expect to have a serious conversation this would not be the place to go to. Once in a while the waiters do some kind of dancing for entertainment around the restaurant, and there's also a guy going around making balloon animals and hats for the kids. Try to keep your birthday a secret or you will be embarrassed in front of everyone or embarrass your friends by telling the waiters that is their birthday, either way someone will get embarrassed. We ordered the bucket of snow crab legs and the crab stuffed shrimp but before that we had the calamari rings with marinara sauce for appetizer which it was very tasty. It could get pricey if you get carried away with them crab legs but with all the entertainment going on and the fun way the place is decorated you'll feel like a kid again.... All the way down to the bib.
4	I'm from the tropics, so I don't really bother with seafood unless I see the water.  Maybe it's people like me who are used to very fresh seafood that give this place poor ratings.  I on the other hand, stuck to "seafood-infused" items like pasta and fish and chips.  It's a great place to bring your kids and tourist friends to drink and get messy and have fun.  The menu could be improved, but we were still happy with our orders, especially with my tea vodka infused Sunshine Tea. YUM.  Must replicate this on my birthday.  Service is EXCELLENT.  If you're real nice, they'll give you the drink jars to take home.Want to see some food porn? :-) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joes-crab-shack-las-vegas-2?select=yLUv1dh0WPNhhj0L9fQQ5w#yLUv1dh0WPNhhj0L9fQQ5w
4	I love seafood & although I do live in the desert this Joe's Crab Shack is on point. Eating seafood can be risky in Las Vegas due to thew travel time it takes to get the product here but I've never had an issue with getting non quality food. I've come here multiple time for dates & have had family dinners here. I don't live close to this location but the drive is well worth it & I won't mind making it again
4	My husband and I were promptly greeted and seated. The waitress was friendly and fast. We were crossed between ordering the king crab or the queen snow crab and she recommended the queen since everything is done by weight. It was delicious! We replaced the potatoes for an extra order of corn! Perfect decision! The crab cracked/snapped with the meat gliding out! I only needed the crab cracker to open the claws only. We look forward to coming back!!
4	Good place to definitely make a regular visit to.  My mother and sister from out of town were here to celebrate my sister's birthday for the week, and this was one of her picks of restaurants to dine at.She got the huge lobster steamer pot...1.5lb lobster, shrimp, sides for $30...can't go wrong!  Mom got crab cakes dinner which was good (to me).  I got crab stuffed shrimp dinner.  good choice there too!My mom didn't personally enjoy her crab cakes all that much, only ate like 25%.  The only reason I gave the 4 star instead of 5 was cuz they didn't go out of their way to offer replacement or satisfaction...but like I said, I liked the crab cakes; it was just her personal taste.The 3 of us for dinner, with a couple drinks and an appetizer came up to like $80ish.
4	Best Happy Hour in town! Be sure to come on Tuesdays when they have $2 Hurricanes and draft beers! Also the fried pickles are awesome! The best is the friendly bartenders and half price appetizers! Woohoo!
4	Had dinner here Wednesday June 18th. I had the East Coast Platter, my guest had the Maine Platter and her daughter had a Crab bucket. Everything was quite good, the server was very attentive and we did not have a long wait. This despite having a large group she was also handling. We also had the crab nachos as an appetizer. They were recommended by hostess. It was a good recommendation so give them a shot. The Manager stopped by and said hello which I thought was nice. There were a couple of happy birthday songs during our stay but we did not find them a bother. The menu has changed but for the better. Also plan to spend a bit more but a good ROI..Next time I need a seat closer to the TV need to see the scores. JS
3	Last time we went to Joe's Crab Shack they changed the rules on us... I was a bit p.o.'d..... But TGIF's was very accommodating.....
3	We tried Joe's today for the first time.  Overall, it was an enjoyable experience.  However, the price is too high for the quality of the product.  Honestly, I enjoy Red Lobster more, which is half the price for Joe's, and Red Lobster gives you bread.
4	You get huge portions for the price you're paying. I recommend their steampots 100%! They could have been seasoned a little better but amazing nonetheless if you're looking to fill a seafood craving. Appetizers are delicious as well. Stuffed mushrooms were nice and cheesey, Jack Daniel's sampler was full of crispy, flavorful options and a delicious dip. Drinks are bottomless to wash down all the heavy stuff you'll be eating. Service was phenomenal! Waiter was very attentive to us and talked story for a while during our meal and when we were waiting for our check. Manager came out and thanked us for dining at Joe's too. They are doing something right and keeping customers happy!
