3	Is it wrong that I like the taste of Peter Piper Pizza? It tastes like cardboard, but for some reason I love it still. I remember going to Peter Piper as a kid - having birthday parties here. Not this location, but still... they're all basically the same - various levels of shitty. This location doesn't have too many kids usually and their arcade game selection is on the sad end of the scale. Still, I'm 33 - I don't come here for the games. I come for the shitty pizza... which I like. This place in particular does a pretty good job on the pizza - but most locations are about the same.It's cheap and tasty and filling. If you haven't in a long time - get some take out or something... It's nowhere near the best pizza ever, but it's good in its own way. Don't judge my other pizza reviews by the fact that I like this crap. It's my secret shame.
3	Went here for lunch on Thursday and while the pizza was good (I stuck to the jalapeno and peperoni) the salads were lackluster. I could be remembering the salads from the Chandler PPP which were pre mixed with dressing. The salads here looked like bagged salad with a choice of dressings. On the good side, they did have blue cheese dressing (my favourite). All in all, for the price, its a good place to go if you can tune out screaming kids and video games. Also a good place to go if you have screaming kids who like video games!
1	I'm convinced that this is the smallest Peter Piper in existence. A little cousin of mine had his 11th birthday party here and it was embarrassing. There are like four games and there isn't a ballpit at all.When we first got there they hadn't even set up for the party yet and we were on time. I asked one of the employees if there was a party schedule for 2pm and she snaps, "I HAVE NO IDEA" and gave me the dirtiest look ever. It was so rude. I get that you work at Peter Piper and you're probably upset about that but don't take it out on me. I tried to play Deal or No Deal with my cousin to just try to have fun and was bombarded by unsupervised Mexican children begging me for tokens and tickets and screaming at me how to play the game. Where were their parents at? The location in Mesa is much better! It's bigger than a Chuck E Cheese and the staff is way friendlier. Avoid this location at all costs.
2	The pizza is amazing!!!  It is a small location with a small variety of games.  Each game is two coins which is too much if you ask me. The bathrooms are old and gross. If you just want good pizza, this is the place, just use the restroom before you leave your house.
4	This is the best chain/commercial pizza place in town. Pizza Hut, Dominoes,Papa Johns cannot hold a pizza flipper to this place. However, this location is small and does not have very many games to choose from. But that's not why I come here the pizza is good and the ranch is super good as well.
2	Worst pizza in the universe, but to be fair, the kids love it here so maybe I'm one whose got it all wrong.
3	So no one is going to confuse this place for fine dining, but I gotta say- it gets the job done. Old School pizza that is really good when it's piping hot out of the oven. It's not the best a day later, so keep in mind to get it while it's hot, and then maybe tip your 40, because it's over Johnny.
1	Lost a long time customer! Wanted to eat a "take out" special at the restaurant last night. Was told I could have my pizza but could not have my 2 liter bottle of soda until I was ready to leave the restaurant. What?! I paid for it! I was told that "people try to refill their soda." Ok...but how is that any different than someone getting a "water" cup and filling it with soda or buying only one soda and sharing with others since it can be refilled multiple times? I have personally witnessed this happen at this exact location on more occasions than I could possible count.  Regardless, I would have been happy to sit at a table close to the staff to be watched (which is ridiculous in and of itself) to ensure that I did not attempt to refill my soda. I was just trying to save a little money because we were already spending over $30 for 2 large one-topping pizzas, one 2-liter of soda, cheesy bread, and tokens. While we enjoy this pizza, it's far from gourmet (as reviewed by others) and for that reason I have an issue spending $40+ dollars to eat there.  The sad thing is we come here so much (seriously...probably on a weekly basis) that they know us. Oh well...so much for customer loyalty. We know this store is independently owned and would prefer that our business support an individual owner, but unfortunately we will be transferring our business to the Mesa Riverview or North Scottsdale corporate stores. I should note, too, that the previous week we ordered a very similar "deal" at a competitor's location (not a Peter Piper) and they had no problem with us enjoying our meal in the restaurant - 2 liter and all!
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =In keeping with my New Year's Resolution to finish trying all of the currently open Valley Buffets, I stopped in here for lunch today.  Is this the world's smallest pizza parlor? It IS a tiny one compared to all of the others I have ever been to, & this had some effect on the experience:First off was the salad.  While the larger Peter Piper's have 3 tossed ones, here they offer a regular salad bar with 7 items, plus dressings.  It was fine.The pizzas were good & finished with sufficient toppings.  My favorite here today had medium crust with cheese, Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, olives, Bell Pepper & Red Onion.     :-)The other positives:*  Low $5.49 Buffet price.*  Comfortable booth seating available as well as party tables.= = = = = =A few negatives:*  It was cold inside at 11 AM opening time.*  In keeping with a small store, there were only 5 pizzas out at a time, rather than around 10 we usually see at a Peter Piper.  Thus, selection was limited.  (You could probably get them to custom make one or more pizzas with your choice of toppings if you want to wait for them to bake.  I'm not inclined to do so.)*  There was no getting away from all the noisy game machines, bunched up right there in the dining area.All in all?  It was ok but not a favorite Peter Piper location for me.     :-)
3	I haven't written a review on Yelp in a long time since most of my reviews are for restaurants/eating establishments and I haven't been able to taste food properly the past couple months due to radiation. That being said, the pizza here is terrible. The crust tastes like cardboard & I don't know what they use for cheese, but it's not cheese.Of course, the pizza is just a small reason why you'd even bother coming here (do people actually come to Peter Piper specifically for the pizza?).My nephew likes coming here and I'm glad he'd rather come to this location than others since it's small and the couple times I've been here with him not that crowded. Sure, it probably doesn't have as much to offer in terms of games as some of the other locations, but I'm not the one playing them & he's only 4 so he's good with what they got.
3	This place was alright. I've been to one another PPP and it was huge! This location was surprisingly small, I wonder what made them decide that since it's near a big city. But oh well, we went around 8 and there was single groups so wasn't crowded. Except for these two children that kept running around, jumping on benches and even nudged my mother in law. Control your children! The food was good. We got breadsticks and was delish. But the marinara sauce tasted different, I think like spaghetti sauce. It was odd. We also got the spicy buffalo wings and man was it hot! Well for me anyway. We ordered two medium "The Werx" thinking it was small and had little slices, it actually had 10 slices and bigger than we thought. Again, that sauce was odd on the pizza. The other problem was the prices, man was it expensive. We're visiting from New Mexico so I wouldn't return to this location just because the prices and they're marinara sauce.
5	Peter piper is pretty awesome.  it's great for kids, great for families, it's just great for everyone.  What more is there to like,  it's pizza, games, and fun for all ages. i know that i would recommend this pizza place any day.
