3	The 1st time we ordered from here they REALLY jacked up our order. 2x. sad.  We let it go and just didnt go back. For about a year. Well recently since they lowered the prices of pizza and we had a coupon for one free medium single topping with purchase of LG speciality pizza. Both were really good this time around. They made it perfect and everyone was happy. The wings.. blah. I didnt like them @ all. Pass. (we ordered the Hot Traditional.. not impressed .. tried one.. blah. tried 2 jsut to make sure it wasnt just that one defective one... nope they werent good. This location is take out only.
1	TERRIBLE service. Arguing employees behind the counter. Not informing customers about current promotions and charging them full prices. Screwing up customer orders and not taking accountability. Long line out the door. I'd rather microwave a pizza than deal with this place again.
1	I keep ordering from them & I don't know why? Something is always wrong! Wrong pizza, bring the wrong order. One of the delivery guys told me that things are so unorganized there. Called management and she didn't even apologize, that we got the wrong pizza. She was just quite.
1	I would give 0 stars if I could. 45 minutes after placing order online I called to find out what happened to my order. After the phone being answered directly to hold and being on hold 5 minutes I got a human. She aked to put me back on hold. When I said no I'd already been on hold 5 minutes she put me on hold anyway.  Don't expect to get anything from this location
1	Each and every time I pickup a pizza here, I feel like I'm entering Chuck-E-Cheese. There is NEVER anyone up front, which I don't know how many staff are on at any given time of day, but if you have a list of 12 pizzas on the board, 5 of which are showing READY, I would suggest maybe having someone float near the front waiting for people entering the store?  This particular night, I walked in and noticed a male worker near the front, ignored me, and walked to the back. Shortly after, I heard a, "I'll be right there!!!" from the back. Hmm..ok?  This was followed by giggling and bantering about how that statement could have also been said, to which said loud mouth replied asking if Yoo Hoo, Hold on a second, would be more appropriate?  Laughing afterwards again. When a human finally appeared at the register after my 5 minute wait, she asked my name and must have noticed I was not amused, and her tone changed.  I asked her to add dipping sauce onto my order and she said, no worries, gave me the same total. Ok...   I gave my card, and he got my pizza, asked if I needed anything else, and I said the blue cheese?  She started getting grated cheese, and I asked again for the blue cheese, to which she must have forgotten (giggle giggle), and got two for me. I don't mind having fun at work, but don't do it in front of customers waiting, and who may or may not have had a shitty day.  It's not amusing.  These workers act like children, and this is not the first time I've encountered this at this location.  I order from here because it's convenient for me from where I live and I know the consistency of Pizza hut pizza.   If these workers don't care about their customers, I can only worry that they don't care about the food they're preparing either and I'll be utilizing local, non-chain pizza places going forward. I've also sent a complaint to corporate.  Lesson?  Don't piss off someone who has had a shitty day by making them wait around and then acting like clowns.UPDATE: I received an email from corporate addressing the issue and apologizing saying they would contact the store manager. I received a phone call from the store manager apologizing and offering a $15 credit to my account which is valid only at this location. I am not positive I will use this as I don't trust the workers there. If they see this credit, what would they do to my order?  Very generous solution, and I thanked her, but probably won't be using that credit.
3	My husband and I placed an order for pick up and we're given a time the food would be ready. When we got there the pizza was done but the wings hadn't even been started. We noticed our pizza wasn't even in the warmer. The employees wouldnt even acknowledge us. By the time we finally got everything home the pizza was cold and the food was just OK at best.
1	Years ago someone told me that PIZZA HUT was the best pizza they had ever had, so when we moved to an area withe a Pizza Hut, I figured it would be a great treat for the kids. All I could think of was how their pizza reminded me of an over baked "DOMINO'S". Does it come frozen and they just bake it? I was so disappointed. My kids hardly even ate it. At least it wasn't over priced, but I can see why. I have come to the conclusion that the person who swore it was the best pizza ever had to have been stoned when they were eating it.
3	After my first review, I was contacted by the manager of the Pizza Hut close to my home. She asked us to let them make our order again, and my kids were up for it, so I'm happy to say that the second time around was much better and I would order again on a Friday night. I appreciate their willingness to make things better,
1	This is the worst pizza location ever!! And I mean it. I'm a Pizza Hut lover but this location makes me hate Pizza Hut! They never pick up the phone...put customers on hold for 15-30 mins while they are just chatting with each other. I have bad experience with them for three times. Never going there again!
4	I'm not a huge fan of chain pizza places, but after having bad luck with some of these Mom & Pop places in this area, I ordered from them, and I've done so about 10 times now.  I've only had an issue with slow delivery once, it was only about 15 minutes past when they said it was supposed to arrive.  But I ordered once again today.  The pizza was decent.  I got some wings, which were good.  I've never had an issue with the food not being hot and fresh.  All their delivery drivers seem nice and friendly and none of them have ever called me having issues locating the place as others have.  They've also honored any coupons that I've used (most of them on-line deals I've found).  I'll never say Pizza Hut is the best pizza in the world, or is anywhere close, but when you need delivery pizza and consistency, I'll take them over Papa John's or Domino's any day of the week.  By the way, I've used the on-line ordering every time, and have not had any issues with incorrect orders.
3	Ordered pizza from here today and i must say the food was decent the only reason they got 3 stars is because of the service the cashier was not very clean looking and the the restaurant felt packed with only 3 people in line . The place is tiny.
