1	Upon recommendation from an employee at Jiffy Lube, I took my car to Newby's Automotive and ATV Center in Henderson to fix an ongoing problem with my air conditioner.  Basically, the AC would start blowing warm air after a few days following a refill of the unit.The manager indicated that my car had a bad compressor which needed replacement along with a new hose, freon and other services that would cost me $1500 (in addition to the nonrefundable $24.95 I had to pay for them just to look at the car.)I was immediately suspicious of the quote and took my car to Carmax instead who informed that only a new hose was necessary and charged me $50 to perform the repair.  The problem was solved with this relatively minor repair and no additional work has been necessary (this review is being written about ten months after the Carmax fix was performed and I have experienced no problems with the repair.)Newby's tried to charge me more than $1500 for a FALSE REPAIR that wasn't even necessary.  I wouldn't be the first person to deal with a dishonest mechanic but I know that I'm one of the few who bothers to warn others.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
4	These guys were polite & got my van power window fixed in one business day. Im pleased. Plus its a woman owned local biz, which i prefer to patronize whenever possible. I will use these folks again, and when i do, you can count on me to  report on it!
5	Love this place. The very honest and reliable I've always been taking my vehicle here for the past 2 to 3 years for oil  changes and repairs.  I'll recommend this to anybody. Nice little family business
5	Newby's performed a vehicle inspection on my used car.  I was so impressed with their service I thought I would write a review. They were swamped with customers but fit me in for a quick inspection. The high temperature this day was around 120 degrees due to a heat wave. There was no room to sit inside so I waited outside. Julie, the customer service rep, bought me a diet coke from the vending machine. Everyone was nice and courteous. James, the technician, went through the inspection, point by point, with me. Elvis, their furry mascot, was a friendly door greeter.  Family-owned business. Long-time Henderson/Vegas residents. I was very impressed and will go back for other repairs.
5	I have been using Newby's since 2005.   They have always been honest and straightforward with me.  They do not try to jack up their prices or get you to do any additional work. They do keep a record of your car and they do let you know what work may be needed in the future- but no high pressure tactics to make you do it at that moment.  I will take my car to them for future work and I recommend them to all my friends.  A really honest and reliable car repair shop!
5	Love love love these guys! Front of the house is accommodating and most importantly fair. Honest and fair is how I choose to describe them.  Worked on both of my cars and if I have any issues in the future I'm coming back!
5	Newby's Automotive is a First Class Business. We had two vehicles that weren't running and they fixed both of them and got us back on the road in no time. Please do not hesitate to give them a call for all of your automotive needs. Honest, Upfront, and Courteous! You will not be treated better by anyone else in the Valley. They even went above and beyond and picked me up from home and took me to diagnose the problem with my broken down truck down on the Strip! A+++ Service from Julie, Jim and the Gang! Thank you very much and we will be back!
5	This is the place to go. We relocated to Henderson/Las Vegas recently. One of the things I was NOT looking forward to was finding a good mechanic I could start using. Well, I found it!  Julie is amazing!  I have to admit that most great mechanics I've used had pretty sub par customer service. She makes it her job to make sure you have a great experience. The mechanics are great and don't look at you like your an idiot when you have questions. Very friendly. I do like that they are family owned and operated. I highly recommend!!!
5	Honest, ethical, straight forward, fair and they know automotive repairs.   I've brought my 1988 Jeep, 1971 Ford Bronco and 2003 Ford Explorer.  Refreshing to have a auto shop that is family owed and operate that I can trust. In Henderson, of course!!!
5	Finding a good Mechanic in this town is a job in itself...look no further!I have lived in Vegas my entire life and have seem some shady businesses come and go.. not Newby's!Julie and her staff are AWESOME! She explained everything that needed to be done and when I gave the go ahead she told me exactly when it would be finished. Thank you for such fast,friendly and efficient service!I so recommend Newby's for all your Automotive needs.. These are people you can trust! They actually care about you and your car problems and are there to helpThey are HONEST,UPFRONT AND COURTEOUS!Prices are affordable as well!Hi Elvis!!
5	Fantastic company!  Auto places really concern me so I only go to highly referred companies which is why I decided to try this place. We've been super lucky not to have a lot of car issues, but recently my husbands alternator went out so we brought it here. They provided great service, was inexpensive for the specific fix and got the repair done quickly. We have definitely found the auto repair shop for us and will continue to use them...but hopefully not too much, ha!
5	This has become my place to go for car repairs.  They are honest, friendly, helpful, and a pleasure to do business with.  Will be going back for any and all repairs on my vehicles.
