5	I purchased business cards and invoices for my stucco company at Happy Printers. In this case, I'm extremely happy we chose Happy Printing! They are locally owned and operated.  You deal directly with the friendly and professional owner Linda. She walks you through the entire ordering process and keeps you in the loop as to the status of your order. Her shop is adorable and offers office supplies for sale. When you walk into her shop you feel at home.  Linda made recommendations as to what type of cards, color, font and verbiage would work best and  she went the extra mile in assisting me. In the end, my final product was perfect and completed in a timely manner. I enjoy referring friends and family to her and feel confident they will be in good hands at Happy Printers!
5	So I am a busy hardworking girl with very little time on my hands who loves to support small business owners... and in 91 days I will be graduating law school. I needed invitations and personal stationery and I needed them now! I was so very pleased to find Linda of Happy Printers, LLC. She is located so close to where I live and she helped me take care of it all for an extremely great price. I shall be using her services from now on for all my printing needs both personally and for my future law practice.
5	There is no other place I go or recommend 4 any/all printing & business needs.  I've been going 2 c Linda @ Happy Printers 4 OVER 20 yrs now (since way back in art school getting my portfolio completed 4 gradu8ion).  She not only handles it all, but gets it done well in a timely, efficient & professional manner w/ gr8 attention 2 detail.    She may not know it, but has really saved my butt (_y_) on more than a few instances w/ some very important legal documents. It's just another amazing facet that she has the sweetest disposition & I always luv having an excuse 2 go 2 her shop, because u can't help leave there smiling & feeling good ~ she just has that effect on people w/ her warm, loving energy.  Plus she is always very accomod8ing & more than fair on her prices.  I always direct people her way because she's so #1derful @ what she does & is such a beautiful being Inside AND Out.    All it takes is a trip there 2 experience what I'm st8ing here 4 urself, & out of ALL the COUNTLESS Xs I've been there, I have yet 2 ever walk in her store no matter what she's busy contending w/ & not b greeted.  So if u like being/feeling genuinely appreci8ed 4 ur business & just BE~ing the person u r, w/ Linda @ Happy Printer's, u can't go wrong!
