5	Harris Teeter 475 opened to the public on Wednesday August 15, 2012 in the former Lowe's Foods location in Stockbridge Commons after the recently publicized Lowe's Foods/Harris Teeter acquisition and transition.The company has totally redone the interior and given it the Harris Teeter treatment.  Upon entering you are welcomed with a bright fresh interior and a new layout of the produce area.  The rest of the store has pretty much the same layout as when it was Lowe's - but with a few tweaks here and there.Just like their West Town Market sister store up the road on Highway 160, this new location is equipped with a small Starbucks for you exquisite coffee fiends!  The Full Service Floral center was moved near the produce area to make way for the aforementioned Starbucks.  They have remodeled the front of store Customer Service area and tweaked the personal goods area to include a Pharmacy.The Fresh Foods section has a sub shop, full salad bar and store made pizza pies.They also have the Express Lane for grocery pickup when you shop online! The front of the store also features a CoinStar machine and it's brother RedBox.Go get your shop on!
5	I like the new feel of this store. More open and friendly than some other Harris Teeters. I find that the meat and deli area to be very helpful and clean.
2	The overall service of the store is good. I wanted to write a couple of minor complaints. First the sushi chefs are never there, the sign states 11-7, but this past Monday I wanted to order a sushi platter for Christmas Eve dinner with the family. I was there around 1:30PM and another lady told me they were away on lunch so I wait till 1:45PM and still nobody there so I took off telling my wife that we can go back later. I went back at 4:30PM and once again the sushi chefs were not there, so I gave up since it was late and by the time they come back I will have to wait on them to make the order. Today (12/26) I was there at 3PM and guess what the sushi chefs were once again missing in action! So I told my wife how about we try their holiday dinners instead. I walked over to the deli and wanted to ask about ordering the Prime Rib dinner package, and was denied as they told me the Prime Rib package was sold out! WHAT THE HECK!!! You got to be kidding me, you have a WHOLE butcher section 10 steps from the deli and you can't go pick a rib roast and fulfill the order? Seriously, do you not want the business or that because I am Chinese so I can be taken advantage of?
4	I love the staff here. GREG, MARY, DIANE,TERRI, and the rest make you feel at home as do their fresh veggies and HT chicken breast special at the butchers counter for $1.99 LB.
4	This Teeter is as good as any other. Clean, organized, with a friendly feeling as I did my quick shop. It's hard to believe that this store has been open for over two years as it seems brand new today.Great produce, great daily, really good frozen. I managed to pick up more than a few things for dinner tonight!
4	I had never heard of this grocery store until moving to a new area. I hate grocery shopping with a passion & this grocery store is so nice it makes it not so bad. 1st everyone working there is so unbelievably nice & helpful they make you feel like your someone important. Having the StarBucks inside is a huge bonus to me. The produce & deli is excellent. The only negative is that they are pricey but being new to the state I found that all the food here cost more money than where I previously lived. That being said I just deal with it.
5	Love this store!!! All of the employees are friendly and helpful!  The pharmacists (Dena & Jennifer) are great!   I drive past multiple other grocery stores to shop here because of the customer service!
