4	Its St. Patrick's Day in Montreal.  There are plenty of cool Irish Pubs all over the place in Montreal.Walking through the city there are green shirts...shamrock hats....shamrock sunglasses and even Irish Spring reps handing out liquid soap everywhere!  Where does our team end up for dinner?  Sakura.  Was I disappointed, you bet your Guiness butt I was!!!  So, deep breath, we walk in the door and are met with a darling interior.  Serene, wait staff in authentic Obi garments and lo and behold a GREEN buddah in the corner next to the water feature. (rubbed his belly for luck)Seated in a private area, after removing our shoes, the low table was minimalist in presentation...very nice.  On to the food...sake, sake and more sake.  (not green)Soup - wonderful Miso and a great beef consumeSalad - artistic in presentation-crisp greens, cukes, tomatoes and a swash of sesame dressingSushi - you name it we had it.  For me the salmon, mackerel and tuna were the best I've had.  There were a few rolls including tempura soft-shell crab, avocado and spicy tuna as well as a bit of sashimi with a lovely ponzu sauce.Feeling like an Arctic seal who was able to feed without predator interference.........we were stuffed!  Finished the evening with a bit of red bean ice cream and orange sherbert...we all left satisfied with our dining experience.Did I miss my regular Irish festivities?  Yes, but there is always 2010
3	The crowd in this one is mostly Japanese--which is the first good sign. So are the staff and the ever-important sushi master. Not cheap, but genuine Japanese food experience.The place is big but quite dark though. Not a single window.
4	This restaurant moved from rue de la Montagne perhaps about 1-2 years back, and I find that this new place looks brighter and cleaner.  We've been here several times as a family, and have always found the service to be excellent.  This is a kid-friendly place.  The servers are attentive to our and the kids' needs.The sushi, handrolls and tempura etc are fresh and meet our expectations for a Japanese restaurant.  In addition, what's truly unique here is its Sukiyaki!  This is the Japanese hotpot - with finely-sliced beef cooked quickly in simmering Japanese sauce and dipped in raw egg (optional).  Yum!  Just the thing for a cold / snowy day in Montreal!  This is typically a dinner dish, but we asked for it at lunch on a freezing day, they could whip it out in no time.  I believe the cost is around $70 for two.  There is a generous helping of sliced beef and fresh vegetables.  I haven't been able to find another Japanese restaurant in Montreal which serves Sukiyaki.  Considering how street parking can be a nightmare at Montreal, one other great thing about this restaurant is its free parking.  Yep, FREE.  You park at the parking lots in the compound outside the restaurant, and obtain a placard from the restaurant to display on your dashboard.  We were just told about this new arrangement in Dec 2013. So overall, this is a great family restaurant, and there are more secluded spots in the restaurant where it would be more conducive for a business dinner / lunch.
