4	The food here is consistently good with few exceptions.They have a knack for hiring people that don't have a basic understanding of taking a basic pizza order, but at least the kitchen delivers.  This could be circumvented by placing an order online, if only this location still accepted delivery orders online (carry out only).This is location has indoor tables to eat at if you want someone else to clean up the mess - just order at the counter and they'll bring the pizza to your table when it's ready.
1	SO this is another request for a half star system on yelp or negative star on yelp for places like this.OK...so I ordered pizza 11:28p.m.Told me it would be there in 35 minutes that equals 12:03a.m.Actual delivery 12:38a.m.AN HOUR AND TEN MINUTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I got bone out Barbecue Wings and Apple Pies! I know not the healthiest food in the world but fuck I was hungry and there commercial came on. The unfortunate part about those two items is that they were both cold.I know for a fact that if your pizza and order from Pizza Hut shows up 5 minutes after it promised time it is free. I asked for my free stuff from the manager on duty (GERALDO) aka deuschbag! He was like that is not a policy but I know it is in any event pizza hut is the most expensive pizza delivery place so I payed like $24.00 for cold food.Did you know that the drivers only get .97 cents out of that $2.50 delivery fee...sucks for them I usually tip fat...this guy got my change!!!This sucked I am going to see if I can get another place to deliver to me.!!
4	Round 2. So the Tuscani pasta and the boneless wings called me up and were like what's up bitch you know you want us...so hence I got the pasta and some bone out wings. Lets just say my order was there in about 20 minutes...uber fast. and it was perfect. Nuff said.
5	No Lie I Have Been To Every Pizza Hut In Phoenix And Surrounding Cities And All In San Diego I've Never Had An Issue With The Food! I Love Pizza Grew Up Eating It And Will Never Stop Eating It. I Love The They Have The Multi-Grain Crust; The Big Bites, Small Price Menu; And OMG The Edge I Remember Back In The Day When They Had It By My Favorite Pizza! Everyone Need To Try The Edge If You Haven't Yet I Promise It Will Become Your Favorite Pizza; Eat-it So It Won't Go Away Again!  And We All Know Pizza Is Good For Every Meal. And I Agree With Perry The Pastas Are Awesome I've Had All Of Them!
3	Pros: Consistent flavor. I enjoy the pizzone. Cons: Slow service. For pick up orders, always a few minutes late. Sometimes I indicate pick up and the order gets delivered to my home.
1	Pros: Consistent quality. I like the pepperoni pizzone and my sister likes the Hershey chocolate sticks. Cons: Why would I bother to place my order online hours in advance, if its not going to be ready when I arrive? They didn't even start making it till I got here. Additionally, they got my order wrong! Scary neighborhood and parking lot full. I had to park in the shopping complex next to this one.
1	We were on hold for OVER 10 minutes and then hung up on us. By the time we got to the place, they hung up on us!! Went in and they said a 50 minute wait AND said that there would be a $1 PER TOPPING charge which is NOT what it said on the online special!! This place is a rip off!!
3	Takes a lot longer than Papa Johns, but it is cheaper. To the company: I don't recommend having a countdown if you aren't delivering within that time frame. It's a psychological tip for free, unlike your delivery. Ordered at 2:53pm on a Tuesday. Delivered at 3:51. Had to microwave both mozzarella sticks and pizza since they were apparently sitting around. Delivery driver was polite and friendly.
1	Disappointed AGAIN! 3rd time in a row they have been 10 mins late and pizza has been warm. Not like the warm out of the oven but warm like sitting in a car. I used to order frequently but that will stop after these last visits.  Amazing that it takes an hour to deliver and I live 5 mins away.
1	Took forever. Paper plates. No red pepper. Hair in my food. Phone rang off the hook. Dirty lobby and dinning room. Hmmmm, that seems like a fair assessment of what we had.
