1	Seldom busy, but always slow. Promised me  a $100 port-in credit, but never received it. After 6 months of trying, the manager claimed I waited too long even though I was in every week trying to get it. Then they offered to buy back my phone, and then changed their minds after literally keeping me waiting for 90 minutes. No, I'm not saying it seemed like 90 minutes, I was there from when the store opened until 11:32 am. Sprint sucks, the data service is bad, the customer service is bad and the managers are rude.  This store may be worse than others or they may all be bad
1	This place used to be good 4 years ago when they started me up. Now they have horrible customer service. I tried bringing in my moms phone of barely 2 years since they shortened the contract to 18 months instead of 2 years and the sprint employee says that the warranty on the phone is expired? Really? Then why the fuck am I paying $8/month on that phone for insurance? I like sprint and their service is starting to get better signal wise but as of store wise their customer service went to shit. I would not recommend this store or any store cause they use the same excuse. If I were you I would question the insurance cause I thought that covered the whole phone but I guess not.
1	Have been a sprint customer for 14 years. I never thought a sprint store would make it so difficult to purchase a new phone that i would have to get it from Best Buy. This is not a review on Sprint phone service, strictly my experience trying to purchase a new phone.    I am usually a salesman's best friend, I know what I want, and i will ask for it. I dont mind them trying to up-sell a plan or some other service until i tell them i have no interest.....then let it go.......Here is how my conversation went..Me: Do you have any of the new Samaung S5's in stock?Sprint: Yes we do!Me: Great! ill take one, with a new 2yr contract to get the discount on the phone.  Sprint: ok, we have this "framily" plan that bla bla bla.....Me: no, thanks i just want the phone. Sprint: ok, but we have a special where you get a free tablet with purchase of the S5 but you have to have the "framily" plan and purchase a data plan for the tablet to use it.Me: no, i just want the phone and a new 2 yr contract under my existing plan so i can get the discount on the phone.Sprint: Well, all of our S5's in the store are bundled with the tablets so if you want one by itself you will have to wait a few days.Me: So you wont sell me one by itself? i would really like to get this done today. Sprint: i can get you one today if you just sign up for the "Framily" plan, you get a free tablet  and......Me: STOP! Forget it! im out of here.I immediately went to the best buy up the road.Me:Do you have any S5's in stock? BB: yes! what color would you like?Me: Great! ill take a black one, with a new 2yr contract to get the discount on the phone.BB: Want to make any changes to your plan?Me: NoBB ok....here is your new phone.I have never been a huge fan of Best Buy, but this time around, sprint sure made Best Buy seem like they had the best customer service in the world! lol.  I still like sprint as my service provider, but as far a purchasing phones, i may be going to Best Buy from now on.
1	This location is closed down. It was in between Whole Foods and Jos A. Bank.  After wasting time driving to that location I found the shopping center I was originally at had a Sprint store nearby. My fault for assuming Yelp was accurate. :-(
