5	My wife's minivan has some kind of voodoo curse.   It seems to get hit, dented or otherwise damaged about twice a year.    We finally took it for some much needed dent repair and bumper repainting.   Dunrite was recommended by a friend who had a classic car restored and painted by them.   I was very happy with the workmanship and the speed of service.   Her van is metallic silver, which is typically a difficult color to match perfectly.   Dunrite did a bang-up job - I absolutely can't tell where the repainting was done.   Very happy!
1	Dun-right?  Nope.  I took a car to them for body work and paint.  The car had been blasted with plastic beads and had nearly all the sheet metal work repaired.  They needed to align the panels, prep, paint and polish.  When I picked up the car 8 months later (!), it was clear they had rushed to finish the job.  The car went into storage for a year while I sorted out some life issues.One year later I'm getting the restoration back together and upon inspection I find that the paint had taken on a very fine orange peel look, not orange peel per se, but dieback.  We took the car back to Dun-Rite and they said they that the problem was only in the clear coat and they would polish it out.  Picked the car up two weeks later (again, obvious they had waited until the last day) and they hadn't polished it, rather they had resprayed more clear on top of the old, then polished that.  But they had sprayed without cleaning it up properly - now there were water stains, fingerprints, and fisheyes in addition to the dieback.  It was now clear that the clear coat had to be removed to correct the problems but no way was it going back to Dun-Rite.  Fool me twice, shame on me, fool me three times??I took the car to a different shop who, after careful inspection, stripping one small area Dun-Rite had painted, and consulting with the PPG distributor, concluded that Dun-Rite had used incompatible primer and paint, and the wrinkling was between the primer and color coats.  PPG said Dun-Rite does not purchase their complete line, so who knows what products they are using.  Proof came when we attempted to strip the new clear coat from the fenders and the color coat came right off with it, in strips, accompanied by the powerful smell of unevaporated solvents from the primer/color coat.  After getting over being mad about the thousands we paid Dun-Rite, we had the car taken back to primer and repainted.  It now looks great, no thanks to Dun-Rite.And, to add insult to injury, I had given them 3 used trunk lids, and asked that they use the best of them, in their judgment.  Then they threw the other 2 away without asking if I wanted them back.  Damn things are impossible to find.Don't do business with these people.  They will polish the surface but the quality of a paint job is underneath.Dun-Rite?  I say Dun-Rong.
5	A little off when estimating finish time,however there were several factors.i will tell ya,they take their time and do it right. This is the ma and pa ran buisiness you would want to go to for the truth.they do great work and they won't bullshit you.i brought them a mess and they took care of it.
