5	We love days inn! The front desk is so helpful always. Free hot breakfast, hot tub, pool, sauna. There is a gym and the king suites are huge!!! Worth every penny of their reasonable prices. Whenever we have a days hotel near us we stay there.
1	This was my first and last visit to Days Inn. Upon checking in I had the routine credit card and ID ready for the front desk. I was denied checking in because I'm not 21. This is an understandable rule and would not have had a problem with it if it weren't for the fact that no where on my confirmation did it state I needed to be 21. Already agitated, I'm being asked for my license plate number for my car and being told I would have to wait. Again, this would not have bothered me if I didn't have a 500 person event to prepare for in under an hour. The girl at the front said she would try to make an exception when her general manager showed up. The general manager finally showed up and I was left sitting there in the lobby for another five minutes until I got up and said something. Personally, being a general manager myself in the customer service industry, I would approached the guest after being made aware of the situation to remedy things. I was finally allowed to check in and go to my room.  I opened the door to a nice, DIRTY room. Unmade beds, towels on the floor, beer in the trash from the prior guest. I called the front desk to let them know this. I was put on hold and for a couple of minutes and then told "oh we can get you a new room" again, this process took an extended amount of time. Days Inn sure knows how to make people feel valued!!!
2	I booked my room through Hotel Tonight and the first night was great. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. Everything looked sort of new including the lobby and front of the hotel. 4 1/2 stars for the first night. We were so happy with our stay that we booked another night for the same price, to find out that our room was already booked so we would need to move. That was fine...I go to the front desk and get the keys, go to the new room in the 'CONDO' tower. Right when you walk into the tower you can smell how old and run down it is. I didn't even want to go into the room. But we did. It was nothing like the pictures online, it was how it smelled. Old and run down. We called the front desk and they couldn't do anything for us because the 'nice' rooms were booked. Why would you even allow someone that was going to come give you a high rating because of the first night stay, why would you let them even check into a 1 star room? We left because they couldn't work anything out and we will not return. We ended up staying down the street for a good deal!
3	We reserved 2 rooms for the week for family members that flew in to town for a funeral.  They lost our reservation after already taking our credit card in person yesterday.  The man at the counter who said his name was "tom" (when we asked what his last name was he said "just tom, thats all you need to know") was very rude.  He said "i don't know if you have ever stayed in a hotel before but..." I don't know how he planned to finish the statement because he didn't finish his sentence.We asked him what he did with our credit card from yesterday and he said "i don't know, i don't even know if you were here"To top it off, he finished by telling us to "Just leave, I can cancel your reservation right now".Update:  The management apologized and took steps to rectify the situation the following day.  I am increasing the rating from 1 to 3 stars because they cared enough to make the effort.
5	Loved Days Inn Suites. Priced reasonably, very clean, desk service was great and had everything in the room. Great complimentary breakfast. I will be back.
4	First and foremost, the room I stayed in was bed bug free. This was a major plus, considering the bad experience I had at another Scottsdale hotel that night. The late night staff, I forget his name, was awesome! Super friendly, understanding, and accommodating. The room was clean & had the basics n' essentials. I did experience some issues with wifi however. I'm sure the staff could have resolved the issue upon me calling them, but generally it's not so tedious of a process. Anyways, no complaints here. The friendly overnight staff brings this rating from a 3 to a 4.
4	Hotel is very clean, has everything you need and a great location.   Would definitely stay here again.
5	We stayed in the king suite for a date night. Opened the door and was VERY impressed with how big and cozy the room was. Felt like it was an apartment not a hotel room. It was a convenient shuttle to the Talking Stick and Orange Sky so that we did not need a DD. Super friendly and quick check in. Sweet basket of snacks and drinks with our arrival. Clean hotel and grounds. I have to admit, I loved that there was covered designated parking for our room, especially in AZ! Thanks for a great stay.. would stay for a much longer visit next time!
