1	Oh my! This is the smallest Supercentre I have ever seen. The men's clothing is three very short aisles, maybe five metres long. It's like they tried to see if they could put everything in a third of the normal space. Many of the products were only stocked in the smallest of sizes. Maybe this should be labelled as Walmart Urban Supercentre. It's smaller than a regular Walmart and yet they took up a third of the space with groceries. And they really don't understand Quebec... no bakery, no gourmet cheese, no butcher. We left and went to the store on Jean-Talon, so we could actually find products on the shelves.
2	This Wal-Mart is a "supercentre" in name only. Smaller than most "regular" stores, I have been here twice, both times looking for items I know that Wal-Mart typically carries, and both times I left empty-handed.I can't leave 1 star though - those are for offensive experiences only.
2	I liked this place when it was a Zellers,it's now under the Walmart Banner, I don't know why people would come here if there's another one 5 minutes away.The only good thing is that it's less busy than the others and thus less headache inducing.You find what you want, and exit out, very depressing experience that I try to limit as much as possible.The only good thing is that having a Walmart here lessens the likelihood of having one near where I live
4	Not sure what's wrong with the rest of these reviewers but Walmart is a big upgrade from the lacklustre Zellers that was there before it. Sure it's smaller than a normal Walmart but it's restricted to the space that's available at that location. Walmart got rid of that stuck in the early eighties feel that the previous Zellers had. The old Zellers was always messy, always stuck with old stock & didn't have any of the stuff that the other reviewers were complaining about anyways. It's a great convenience for the area instead of having to go out of their way to the location on Jean-Talon & Decarie. Pricing is slightly better & selection is way better than the previous Zellers store. Although, paying for items is still slow like shopping at Zellers. I'm pretty sure Walmart will adjust their products to the needs of the area in time.
