2	CIAA review onlyWent to Cameo on a Thursday night for CIAA 2013 and had a less than stellar experience.   First off you've got to find a way to move your line, my tickets were bought in advance, there is no reason I should still have to wait for 45 minutes in a line when it is freezing cold to get in, get your staff right and have an efficient process to get the people in as fast as possible.It is a dance club/strip club but it seemed more heavy on strip club than people in the club dancing and having fun.  Speaking of strippers, Cameo you need to upgrade your talent, the girls the night I was there were not spectacular at all.  I saw maybe 3 or 4 out of about 30 that you would actually want to see them with their clothes off. Also if you're going strip, make some moves, these girls were lazy as hell, half of them were barely moving and not worth even a dollar tip.Music was cool, basic hip hop that people normally shake their butts too, nothing ground breaking.I left halfway through the night because I just wasn't feeling the vibe, Cameo just wasn't the spot for me.
2	Saturday Night review. JUST SO YOU KNOW, THIS PLACE IS NOT DAISY DUKES ANYMORE. IT'S AN ALL EBONY STRIP CLUB! Just in case anyone is wondering. Though we didn't necessarily mind, we were definitely surprised about it. This place is huge. It's got the stages, the scenery, the layout of an upscale nightclub/strip club. Probably the largest strip club in north carolina... 20 girls tops... WTF? Also, all the girls were covered the entire night. I understand we should work a little for some topless action but these girls made it obvious they weren't going to come to us for money. As the club owner said (he's a bald white/hispanic dude in his 40-50's) black girls are different on tipping and working for money. NO JOKE! Lap dances on the floor are $20 and so are the VIP private dances. So do yourself a favor and request the private dance instead. The girls aren't stuck up but it was just the fact that the club was D-E-A-D! After an hour of blowing money fast, the action stopped. We easily could have thrown another half of our wallets. We expected alot more. Another thing, shower stages all over the club... U-S-E-L-E-S-S! There is no VIP booths. Bottle service is $240 PER BOTTLE. 2 stars for wasted space and dumb ownership. Won't EVER EVER go there again.
1	My friends and I purchased tickets to the TI & JEEZY Grand Finale at Cameo Gentleman's Club from Sport E. Goodie weeks in advanced  and upon our arrival we were forced to stand in line in 30 degree weather for over an hour and a half.  They never provided us with entry into the club.  Eventually, we decided to leave but security would not let us. They prevented us from leaving or entering the building and I was then forced to hop over 2 gates in a skirt and heels to gain my freedom from Cameo's inhumane treatment.  On top of this we paid $40 for parking while others paid significantly more. If you purchased VIP tickets in advance you already paid over $100 for this event and then if you made it to the front of the line, VIP Ticket holders were charged an additional $150 to gain entry.  If you didn't have the money you could not enter the building and you received no refund, not even a verbal apology. Sport E Goodie should be a more responsible event planner and ensure that he and the venue he works with do not over sell tickets. He should also ensure that they do not treat clients in humanely by forcing them to freeze and refunds should be provided. This event was extortionist, inhumane, and lead to unwarranted mental duress for everyone in attendance. If there is an attorney in Charlotte, NC interested in a tort case please contact me: msintern08@gmail.com. I don't want millions, just want a refund on my ticket and a verbal apology.
1	Womp womp. Weak strippers. Weak drinks. The only time this place is worth it is when they have an artist and even then it be so packed with kids that you don't really wanna be in there. This place is just so ugh ...
4	Went here July 5th, 2014 when T.I. was scheduled to be here and had a great time. Although the event was advertised to start at 10 no one was let in through the doors until 11. It was worth the wait as this club felt very similar to a top notch strip club i've experienced in Atlanta like Onyx.  Best of all entry into this club was completely free before 12.Atmosphere and Dancers: On this particular night (mostly due to T.I.) there were far more female customers then males, many of which were more attractive then the girls working that night.  The club had numerous dancers with several that were good enough to be in King Magazine.  I would like to bring up that I was the only non-black male guest in attendance, yet, the crowd was friendly and I didn't even notice this until my Girlfriend brought it up after I left.  So if you're avoiding coming here because you've heard false rumors about the atmosphere please disregard thosePhysical Club: This place is HUGE with multiple stages, a large bar with numerous bartenders, two stories, and several large screen TV's that were playing rap videos and porn. The DJ's in my opinion were great all night, although towards the end T.I. clowned on them from playing a remixed version of mediocre he didn't like. None the less the DJ's were just as good as any in a hip-hop club in AtlantaDrinks:  They have your typical Corona and bud-light here for 5$,  they also have mixed drinks for around 8$.  I wouldn't recommend the mixed drinks as they're pretty small and fairly weak. Performance:  T.I showed up around 12 and sat in VIP for a while.  He then took to the stages around 2:00 and performed a few classics before jumping into his newer hustle gang material.  I have to repeat that this was a FREE performance with no cover charge.Overall ignore the negative reviews and come here and be the judge for yourself, because every night is different. If you show up early enough and come here with the intent on actually spending money you'll have a great time  Just watch out for the strippers asking for dances on the floor as they'll charge you 20$ a song without you knowing.
1	Let it be known they are only getting a rating of a one because you can't go lower, I would give them a -5. My experience was straight crap. Their layout is horrible. They might as well call this a strict dance club because the strip club aspect left a lot to be desired. Barely any dancers are around unless you pay for VIP even then they are just standing around, nothing  worth a tip. I saw one guy pay for dance. He just got grinded on a little, you can do that for free with the female customers on the dance floor smh. My friend and I stepped outside for a little while. When we tried to come back in the security acted like they didn't see us come out and wanted us to tip them to come back in. I refused to pay that so we left. This  place is just crap.
