3	Black Pepper: Good riddance! Xing Asian Bistro has moved in to the old Black Pepper location a The Village at Lake Las Vegas. Xing is a welcome change of pace from the usual dinning fare we have had in the village for 5 years. The price point is a little lower than the other restaurants with most entrees being under $10. They have a nice selection of Saki to choose from. Currently Xing only has a beer and wine license but i am told a full liquor license is on its way, which is good.  I would hate to see that beautiful bar go to waste.My only suggestion to Xing would be to get a plate warmer or warmer for the plated food. My friend and I ordered 3 entrees and the Mongolian Beef entree was cold when we got it, which I suspect was because it was plated first and set there until Kung Pao chicken and Orange chicken was ready.It was their grand opening so I didn't expect it to be perfect, but I'll be back in a couple weeks to see how things still are.
2	Met Judd and Lynn L. for dinner out on the Lake. The venue is beautiful with it's dark woods and sporadic Asian decoration. Having opened within ten days of Montelago taking over, it still has some improvements in decor and quality of food.The cuisine is more Chinese American than traditional with many of the dishes geared toward the fast food crowd. The agreed favorites were the Orange Chicken and Shrimp and Veggie Tempura. The poultry dish was surprising tangy and possessed a more complex variety of flavors. The shrimp were lightly battered and fried to a golden perfection. The fried veggies are not your typical variety, instead they use the same mix of broccoli, pea pods, carrots, pearl onions, and water chestnuts as they do in many of their other dishes. The Mongolian Beef didn't possess any kick. The Kung Pao Chicken had some nice heat that crept up on the taste buds, but they had forgotten the peanuts. The main complaint about both dishes was the excessive use of cornstarch to thicken up the sauces. We had also tried the Orange Beef and Sweet and Sour Pork. Both were inedible. The former was cooked to jerky consistency and the veggies lost their vibrant color and crisp texture. The latter was pungent, but did not taste anything like sweet and sour. No onions, peppers, or pineapple. Our waitress had to telling us the difference between this dish and the Orange Chicken was the green onions sprinkled on top of the chicken. The choice of white or brown rice is a welcomed touch, but placing everything on top of it was not the best presentation. All of this might sound like a lot of food, but the serving size was not that large. We could have polished it off, if some of the dishes did not disagree with us. The main reason why Xing gets two instead of one star is due to the server. Rebecca is the only front of the house attendant and listened to our suggestions. I would like to see them succeed.
1	WORST. MEAL. EVER. I wish I could give this place Zero stars.  My husband and I came into town for a business conference and the night of our arrival we went to the village to find something for dinner. We glanced over the menu before taking a seat.  The dishes in print looked good...We ordered a few dishes to share and each one was a half-step above inedible. The "vegetable" tempura was horrific.  Not the usual vegetables that you find in this dish -  Baby carrots, baby corn, and water chestnuts???!!! In a NOT-tempura batter.  The tempura was served with a disgusting sweet on sweet sauce and when I asked if they had Tempura Sauce the waitress said, "That's our Xing sauce." All of our dishes were not very good. Panda Express would rate 1000 times better (and I'm not kidding), because at least their food is okay.If we were not starving from our drive into town we would've left and gone elsewhere.  Alas, the memory has stuck with me that I'm writing this a month later! When we got there, this place wasn't showing up in Yelp as we looked for reviews, and I guess they had just opened.  Please save yourself! DO NOT EAT HERE!The conclusion my husband and I came to is that who ever is cooking in the kitchen, doesn't like food.  It's not that this was bad Asian food, this was just simply BAD.
1	Waitress was very nice.... That's where the good things about this restaurant end!  A group of people I work with and I came here for dinner and tried a number of dishes.  All had a funny flavor to them and we didn't come close to finishing any of them.  Even the green tea ice cream tasted weird! (More like almond or some other nut). They only have wine and beer, maybe because they only ave one person working in the place (besides the cook).  They ad some uniqueBeers, but the waitress had no idea what they tasted like so you are on you own...This whole Lake Las Vegas area was a ghost town.
3	Xing is now Latin Asian Fusion. Their new menu is now posted and they will be switching over on May 1st. I hope this new menu works a lot better than what they started with. I'll wait a couple weeks and see how it goes.I wish them luck.
5	I just had dinner at the Xing Asian Bistro, which is featuring a new fusion menu as of yesterday.  Wow!!!  We shared 8 dishes, each better than the last.  Our favorite was the taco, followed CLOSELY by the salmon, the spareribs and the sliders.  Oh, and the tuna is NOT to be missed!  We are ALL groaningly full, at $25 per person, including tip.  CAN'T WAIT to vacation in this area again, so I can return to stuff myself at Xing Asian Bistro!!!
4	tried this place out on the weekend. Wasn't too such about the food so I played it safe and had the teriyaki chicken with rice. The waitress was kind enough to give us plantain chips, we really liked them and the waitress was awesome to give more every time we asked lol The teriyaki chicken itself was pretty good alot tastier then yoshinoya on Maryland in my opinion. chicken was tender and the sauce was real good.I probably wouldn't drive out here just to eat but if you're in the area there's no harm in trying this place out. Not to mention the guy playing drums for free entertainment.
4	WOW, what a turn around! I was not a fan of the first go round with Xing, I tried it a few times giving them the benefit of the doubt & had to be convinced to try out the new menu, which is now Latin Asian Fusion.I'M GLAD I DID! The Thai Beef Citrus Salad is refreshing & filling, I had that with the Vietnamese Spring Rolls, which were good, but I wished there was more mint, as well as being wrapped a little tighter, I will for sure be trying them again (this is the only reason I did not give them 5 stars). The Banh Mi Sliders are another must have. I'm a sucker for Kimchi & have it wherever it is served, their's is better than most, but not the best I have had (Though I'm a foodie from NYC & LA, so I'm pretty spoiled in that department)Next on my list to try are the Kalbi Short Ribs, as well as the Poke Salad. Looking forward to making my way through the entire menu! Don't write them off, the new menu is delicious, I encourage everyone that was unhappy the first go-round, to give it another shot, you will not be disappointed!
4	The Banh Mi Sliders YUM!!!!!
4	Food was good - tapas style Asian food. I ordered Banh Mi sliders and they were good. Looked different but tasted like banh mi's. I ordered sticky rice and was excited when they had hoisin sauce. That side was on point. The other dished ordered were all eaten and I was told they were good. Disappointed they didn't have liquor but only wine or beer - had to order sangria. Server was nice and the place was kind of quiet. Either way, I liked it!
5	my favorite thing on the menu is the bulgogi beef taquitos. it is worth the wait. I also get the green tea and mango ice cream for dessert. just ask the waiter for a scoop of each.
