5	Brown Roofing did an EXCELLENT job on mytile roof that was damaged by hail.Great price, workmanship & customer service!
5	Had my entire roof and would highly recommend Brown Roofing.. The process was painless, the work was done in a professional manner. The crew showed up when expected and the job was completed in a timely manner.  I love my new roof.
5	Brown roofing was extremely professional. I would most definitely recommend this to friends, family and anyone who needs work done.
5	I needed a new roof after the hail storm of 2010 and a coworker referred  Brown Roofing so I had Craig come give me an estimate..he was my third estimate and his estimate came in under the other 2 with more options(adding ridge vents and extra venting).  I decided to go with his company and I couldn't have been more satisfied.  They did a beautiful job and did it very fast. They changed lots of rotten wood and fascia boards and everything was cleaned up after each day. It was a total stress free experience. After 3 years since the new roof.. I have had zero problems and I love the way it looks on my home. I've referred Brown Roofing to anyone I know that mentioned they needed a roof. If you need a roof or any repairs don't hesitate to give him a call.
5	Craig provided a quick and reasonably priced estimate for roof repairs on the home I'm selling. Great, professional experience.
5	Brown Roofing just completed the shingle remodel on my house.  Their entire team is fantastic, they show up on time, tell you exactly what and when they will be doing it, and complete the job to A+ standards in the timeline promised. There's no high pressure salesperson here.  Craig and Dean both were at the house several times over the 2.5 days.  I'll be recommending them to friends and neighbors that need roofing work.  5 out of 5 stars to Brown Roofing.
5	Found Brown Roofing on Yelp, and I am glad I did. Craig the owner came out to do the estimate and he was lower than the other 3 I received. Everything from the estimate to the final roof walk through was 5 stars. Craig was on site both days. The job took two full days and they started early on the day he said they would. Roof looks great and I couldn't be happier how it turned out. I would highly recommend Brown Roofing.
5	I spoke with and got quotes from 5 roofers before choosing Brown Roofing.  I could not ask for a better job.  We just bought this house and it needed a new roof.  It has tile which we used to think lasted forever.  The tiles do but the 'underlayment" which is under the tiles, does not.  After researching I found that some companies lay 1 layer of underlayment and some do 2, and 2 is better than 1. It should protect the roof from leaking for a longer period of time.  Two of the roof bids I received only had one layer so I did not want to use them.  After speaking with Craig Brown of Brown Roofing on the phone I found him to be extremely knowledgeable about roof replacement.  He explained how the roofing process works and, after our conversation,  I felt confident we would have a good outcome with Brown Roofing.   He sent an estimate after seeing the roof and it was very reasonable. We arranged a date for them to begin work and they were there as arranged.  They made sure the roof replacement was done in a quality manner in every regard.  They even threw in a lot of extras and did not charge! The roof looks so much better than it did and I am confident it will be watertight for many years.  They made sure everything was cleaned up everyday  when they left and also when they finished and the yard looks great.  One less thing to worry about.  It is great to work with a company that goes out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.
5	We had a 13' x 13' walk deck we needed a foam roof torn off of and wanted a hard surface put on that we could put patio furniture on and make a more usable space.  We interviewed 3 roofers and we chose Brown roofing because of my comfort level with one of the owners (Craig, who came and did the estimate), and also the unique rubberized roofing material he quoted and brought samples of (it was a slightly more rubber material which we liked better that the other roofers had suggested and also had a color shade we liked better).  They were able to start the project timely and in a manner that worked with our schedules.  The project was not a very easy project.  When they tore off the foam roof, they ended up finding there were 3 other roof coatings that had been done previously that they had to rip up (it basically had four roofs that had to be ripped up and disposed of).  They did all the demo work and still stayed on schedule and honored the quote/proposal we had agreed to.  The roof also didn't have an ideal drainage layout and their were hardships to overcome to get the flat roof deck to drain properly.  Both owners communicated with us very openly and worked on the drainage of the deck until we felt good about the outcome.  The owners communication was very open throughout the entire process.  We called and emailed several times throughout the process and were always responded to on our inquiries and they always followed through on their commitments.  We had no issues with any of the workers that worked on our deck- they were all friendly and easy to talk to and ask questions.  The area was always left clean and we never had any complaints from our neighbors about the workers, vehicles or any mess.  We are very excited to use our new deck and we appreciate the work that Brown roofing put into it to make it enjoyable.  The company has great integrity and workmanship and I would gladly recommend anyone to use Brown Roofing.  Sincerely, Scott & Rachel
5	I am THRILLED with the job Brown Roofing did installing a new roof. Craig, the owner, told me the schedule and what would be done and when. He did EXACTLY what he said. I got three quotes from different roofing companies and even though Brown Roofing wasn't the least expensive, they were in the middle, Craig pointed out problems with the roof  that needed to be addressed that none of the other companies pointed out AND what needed to be changed not just fixed. This is THE best roofing company around bar none.
5	I would HIGHLY recommend Craig Brown Roofing. They did a fantastic job, he goes over everything with you, takes before and after pictures (I didn't want to climb on the roof), but he's such a nice guy and really explains things well. I had two other bids from other roofing companies, and his bid was the lowest. I did not go with him because of just the price, but from the comments here on Yelp. I could not be more satisfied. Hands down, best roofer out there!
5	We had a leak 4th of July weekend and found Brown Roofing through a friend.  They had our roof redone in 2 days which was important since it was monsoon season.  They did a great job at a fair price.  I have already recommended them to several friends.
5	Brown Roofing did an amazing job! It is seldom that I have such a great experience with contractors, but I have to say, Craig,, and his team were absolutely great. Craig went over and beyond to ensure that our service was top notch. He came on the weekends and after hours to make sure that everything was being done right. I give Brown Roofing the highest recommendation. If you're looking for a roofer, you need to consider these guys!
2	They were showing promise up until the estimate was completed and the assurance of contact to schedule the work came up.  "We will call you next week to do the work probably the following week."  I really liked their professionalism and quick response.  That was a couple weeks ago now.  Nothing since.  Wasn't a cheap job either, but a quick easy one (patio cover re-roof) for them.  Disappointed.  Calling someone else.
5	Great Company! Came out right after a monsoon that had left us with water throughout the house, came out to Gilbert to view, give quote, and start on the house all within the week. Ended up having to replace the whole roof (30 year old house with previous leak issues, so not too surprising) and came in way under the other quotes we had received and heard of through word of mouth. The roof was started and completed - including full clean up and walk through with owner - in less than 4 days. Friendly, honest, gave you the recommendation on what needed to be done without fluff or extra sell and did a fantastic job while being extremely reasonably priced. Can't recommend enough.
2	We live in an area hit hard by the July 26th "macroburst".  Although we made out fine, many of our neighbors did not, thus, many roofs had to be replaced all around us.  We decided that we should replace our 25 year old tile roof to avoid future problems.  We are in the process of getting estimates.  We noticed the Brown roofing sign in the yard of a neighborhood home they were reroofing.  I carefully read the Yelp reviews and was very impressed, especially with the owner's hands-on involvement.  My husband called the company and left a message  - repeating our phone number twice.  That was two weeks ago and we have had no response.  I guess they are too busy for new business.
5	After this review was published Craig responded.  I contacted him, he profusely apologized and came out the next day to give us a proposal.  He was very professional and easy to talk to  My husband and I were very impressed.  We are currently in the process of studying all of the bids we revceived and will make a decision shortly
1	I wanted to get a quote and left my detailed information with the receptionist. Two days passed and I still have not received any calls from them.
1	Very similar to another reviewer, I spoke with their front office almost 3 weeks ago looking for a quote and have yet to receive a call back. I understand that a delay is possible but letting the client know upfront would be appreciated. The rating is not for work done as I cant even get a call back
4	Taking down my negative review because after my review, Craig call me and we have a meeting set for the weekends.  He did apologies for not getting back to me sooner due to the work load.  Thanks Craig for getting back to me.
5	It's simple, hire them.  Dean and his guys at Brown were professional, friendly, honest, very responsive, knowledgeable, and bid a fair price.  I tried to get bids from 4 roofers for work on our flat roof.  Aside from the fact that he knew what he was talking about and bid a good price, Dean at Brown Roofing was the only guy who came when he said he would.  They really know their stuff and did what looks like great work on the roof.  The work crews were professional and courteous.
