5	Loved the chicken fingers!
3	See Note Below-It's tough to get pizza that I like in Las Vegas but Carmine's Pizza Kitchen is great!! My son and I had lunch there. The pizza was large, thin crust, great taste and well done like we requested. No tomato chunks in the sauce and it wasn't extra spicy like most Vegas pizza. Quick service. Will be going back soon. NOTE: Sep/2011-This place has new owners, not Carmines any more and the pizza is not as good as when it was Carmines!! Review adjusted.
4	I've driven by Carmine's a thousand times and finally decided to try it out. I called to get some pizza delivered the other night. We got a 10" cheese pizza and a 10" vegetarian (mushrooms, peppers, black olives, tomatoes and onions). They have a third party deliver the pizza so you have to pay that person separately -- $2 plus tip. It didn't take long for the pizza to arrive and surprisingly it wasn't soggy at all. The crust was thin and crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside. Both pizzas were very good. The veggies looked fresh and based on the varying sizes of the tomato slices I'm guessing they use fresh ingredients. The pizza could have used more mushrooms, but overall it was delicious. It was a little pricey -- over $20 for two small pizzas -- but the quality was very good.
4	The wife and I enjoy Carmine's Little Italy, and we've always been fans of Villa Pizza (which was started by Carmine and his family). After driving by this place quite a few times, we thought it was time to try it. We didn't dine in, but I did pick the pizza up. The dining room is clean, small, and cute and has a TV at every table. The staff was really friendly when I was picking up the pizza, and they even took the time to crack a couple jokes...which is always nice. We ordered the vegetarian (minus the mushrooms). I was a few minutes late picking up the pizza, but when I got home it wasn't soggy and was still piping hot. The ingredients seemed very fresh; the tomatoes were very flavorful as were the onions, bell peppers and olives. What made the pizza stand out to me was the crust. As Clint mentioned in his review, it was thinnish, crispy and stayed crunchy throughout our dinner. I like crunchy crust, and typically only when I order thin crust do I get it. This was a nice exception. What surprised me is that the pizza doesn't taste like Villa pizza. Granted, since it has been many years since Villa went under new ownership, I thought maybe there would be similarities. Other than fresh ingredients, it was a totally different pizza...which was nice.
5	Best fing pizza in vegas. no doubt. I am from Jersey and have a definite stereo type about pizza. Carmines is the bomb pizza of Vegas.
5	Had dinner here, very good, the fried calamari crisp and light , anti pasta very good grilled zuchini ,eggplant , olives , tomato ,mozzarella ,artichokes , salami, prositto on some lettuce w a mayo based dressing very well thought out, also had the strombolli , nice crust and filling was tastyjus the right amount, also had the linguine  w/ bolognese , I like the way they make the sauce not as dry as alot of places. Really good meal . Service was very good
5	Always a good place for Italian. We had a mushroom, black olive, and meatball pizza and we each got a pasta plate. I had the Linguine Alla bolognese and my husband had the Linguine and Sausage. The food was terrific, served piping hot, the linguine just al dente, the bolognese with meat ragu was thick and filled with pieces of meat. Every bite was stuffed with it. My husbands came with four big pieces of sausage and was excellent as well. The pizza was crusted bottom, with a little sweetness to it. A great pizza now and the other half tomorrow will be just as good!
4	We ordered a pizza with meatball, olives and mushrooms. The crust was thin and crisp with a nice chew, very good crust.  Nice , sweet tomato sauce . Overall very good pizza.  I also had the sausage w/ linguine in tomato sauce. The sausage was very tasty and tender . The tomato sauce was top notch  and the portion was large . Service was good .
1	With all due respect to my fellow Las Vegans who rated this place so highly, I must disagree.Carmine's is, without a doubt, among the worst pizza joints in the valley; let me explain why.With a name like Carmine's, I'd expect it to serve the kind of pies you usually find across New York City. I mean, this place makes a big to-do about its Italian roots: from the name to the decor to the copies of La Voce (a local Italian-American paper) available inside.But any similarity to a big-city pizza joint ends once you get your food.Eating their pizza is like eating cardboard with tomato sauce. You can choke it down, but it's nothing like what you New Yorkers are used to.Gummy, flavorless and clumsily made, the pizza at Carmines' is even worse than what you can get from the major chains.
3	Great crust ,Good sauce but very cheap with the sausage.So if your'e like me and want more than a half of link for an 18" pizza, order 3 times the sausage.Only other complaint, they will not cook them well done unless you stand there and repeatedly ask them to put it back in the oven.
5	Russo's Pizza Kitchen!   Just recently they replaced their signage out front as Russo bought the place out.   Everything is still the same though!  I love the employees here.  It's got this small family feel that remembers who you are and genuinly want to take care of your pizza needs. I've come in here on a bad day not wanting to cook and he gave me half off the pizza just to brighten my day and cause i'm such a regular and have brought them business before.  The only thing i think they could do better is get all their stuff together as far as web address and online advertisement but often when i come in here their store is pretty full now.  So i'm REALLY happy to hear they're geting a steady flow of business. Anyway The pizza's great as everyones said and the i've had some pasta of theirs as well.  Love this place!
