5	Big City Burrito is downstairs of Vista Del Sol, so right across the street from ASU on Apache Blvd, close to Rural.  I've been here twice.  The first time I ordered the vegetarian burrito.  It takes a little longer than having a meat burrito, because they cook that to order.  it took only about 5 minutes.  So the wait was not long at all.  There are many types of tortillas to choose from.  There is White, Spinach, Tomato-Chili, Wheat, and more! There are also two sizes, regular (which I think is 10 in) and super (which I think is 12 in).  Then you can choose what salsas you want in your burrito, black or pinto beans, rice, and guacamole and sour cream for an additional cost.  The first time I had the vegetarian burrito, as I mentioned before.  It was very good.  I came around 9pm. (They are open really late). The food was very good and the service was great.  The girl who works there is a vegetarian, so she recommended me to try the potato burrito next time.  When I went in there today, it was a complete different staff.  The service was still good, just not as great as the first time.  I ended up ordering the potato burrito on the Tomato-Chile Tortilla, which was great.  I will definitely be coming back to this place. PROS:Good foodQuickGood ServiceReasonable PricesCONS:If you do not go to ASU, hard to find parking.
5	I LOVE big city burrito! There's so many options and great fillings to choose from. Even the regular size burrito is super filling for only $5. I go at least twice a week and never get tired of it. I usually don't even like burritos they have options for every one. Definitely go for it!
5	awesome burrito's
5	I stopped by "Big City Burrito" as I was walking to Wendy's to get a chocolate frosty and a Double Stack. I was only going to check out the menu to see if there was something that I may want to try on a future trip. It smelled so good in the restaurant that I decided to skip Wendy's and get something at BCB. I was going to get a bean and cheese burrito until I realized that they didn't have refried beans. No problem. There are lots of places where I can buy a bean burro, enchilada style. I had a breakfast burro with eggs, potatoes, cheese, bacon, and chorizo. It was excellent. It was something I haven't had in a long time. It was likely twelve(?) times larger than the breakfast burritos that you get at McDonald's for $1.00. I look forward to going there again. I read that parking is difficult unless your an ASU student. I personally parked at Apache Blvd. and Price at the Park & Ride. I then took the light rail west to the station at Rural Rd, and walked south to it's location. There is also a southbound #72 Scottsdale Rd/Rural bus that can get you from the light rail station to Rural and Apache Blvd. You can then walk west to the restaurant at Paseo Exchange at Vista Del Sol, which is just east of McAllister Avenue on the south side of Apache Blvd (681 E Apache Blvd.). I have to leave the library now. I will check this review for errors later. I also took about fifty photos of "Big City Burrito" with the owner's permission. When time allows, I may tweek some of them to make them lighter, etc.
5	Awesome! Just like the one in Fort Collins, CO! Way better than Chipotle and better priced too! Really good, not crowded and the burritos are way way better than the other burrito places in town.Only thing that sucks is parking if your not an ASU student, which I am not...thank god!!! Love it.
4	My roommate at Vista Del Sol was raving about this place so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I was very impressed.I love chipotle so I figured I'd love this place too, and I was right.  I've only been twice but both times were very good experiences. First time I had the pork carnitas on the workers recommendation and I was not disappointed.  Seasoned perfectly, and tasted awesome.My second time I had the breakfast burrito, for $5.30 this was an absolute steal!  Cheese, eggs, beans, potatoes, salsa and your choice of meat (highly recommend the chorizo).  Very good!And when you sit down they have numerous hot sauces for you to use, thought that was kind of neat.All in all, highly recommend this place.  Only down sides are it's only one person working so it takes awhile if theres a line and they stop serving breakfast burritos at 2.
