1	Am I the first to review this new BBQ joint in my neighborhood? Good. Took my stepfather to Notorious P.I.G. tonight. As a longtime resident of the area, I remember when this building was the 85032 post office. It went on to house the excellent Ciccio's and average Carmella's Italian restaurants. The new operators did little to change the building, just added some wainscoting and corrugated tin in some areas. The walls are freshly painted bare white, with zero decoration. A couple of large plasma TVs dominated the walls of the dining room, playing Fox News (too bad) and ESPN. Tableware and furnishings are the basic grade from the supplier. P.I.G. has the same bar area that the last two tenants had, but they added a couple of video games. The bar seems to only have beer and wine, and the big green sign in the window suggests that they are applying for a liquor license. The menu has a good selection of starters that we skipped over. There's a selection of sandwiches and dinner plates. The menu also lists a nice selection of sides. Along with our drinks, we were served a small casserole dish with a fresh loaf of cornbread. Turns out that this is brought for the table. This was really moist and tasty. Honey butter is the go-along. I ordered a half rack of ribs dinner and was  told to pick from three sides. I chose corn on the cob, baked beans (the server's suggestion form the two types of beans on the menu), and macaroni and cheese. The ribs are served dry, with a salty dry rub. Five baby backs make a half rack and these were serviceable; still moist and fall-aparty enough. The macaroni had perfectly cooked elbow pasta, with a bland sauce. The beans were OK. The corn never came. My table mate ordered the Notorious P.I.G sandwich, which was pulled pork with slaw on a bun, served with one side. He loved the slaw, which was made with a one-of-a-kind blue cheese dressing. The hush puppy sides, however, were nearly inedible. I tried one and was overwhelmed by the spiciness. Tons of red pepper was the obvious culprit, and it lent no flavor, only spice. The meat is served dry here, which seems to be somewhat unique in the valley. Tom's, Hap's, The Pitts Again, Honeybears, and Stacy's are my top spots, and they serve wet, with their signature sauces. In this case, the server gave us the choice of several sauces and brought them in small cups. I had sweet and mild and couldn't tell the difference. The menu has  a bunch of tempting deserts, but we didn't order. Service in this place is OK. Most of the servers seemed to be teenagers and our's didn't seem too experienced. I sensed a lot of questions among the staff in the place, but it's a new spot and that goes with the territory. Our guy took care of the refills and check on us at the right time. I'll give the P.I.G. some time to iron things out before I go back. i wish them luck in this spot and hope that the succeed. It might not be with my business, though.**Edited to say that the hush puppies came back to haunt during the night. They HAD to have made a bid mistake when mixing these up. There's simply no way that they could serve these every day. Whatever the receipe called for, they used 10 time as much.
3	My brother and I went over to The Notorious PIG for some takeout. I had been to Carmella's, the previous establishment, many times and was interested to try something at a restaurant with such an cool name (RIP Biggy).I was struck by the lack of decor. The place had only been open for a week, but I was expecting more than white walls and corrugated steel over wood. The bar tender was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu and food (unlike the other staff who seemed to still be getting a handle on the menu). He described  how the meats were prepared in great detail. I ordered the Notorious PIG sandwich and got it to go. The meat in the sandwich was perfection. It had a moist and supple quality to it that meant that great care was taken  in its preparation. The flavors really popped. The fries and bread that it was on weren't the best, but the meat was amazing.Overall, I think this place has the potential of being a four or five star barbecue joint, but only after they spend some time decorating, getting their new staff on the same page, and working out the kinks. I will be going back in a month to give it another whirl.
4	Notorious Porker Ingesting Groupie. It sounds like some kind of bad sci-fi movie, doesn't it? Actually it's what my overactive imagination came up with on hearing that the Notorious P.I.G All American BBQ  didn't have any words to go with the P.I.G. acronym. I thought they should have a contest and whoever came up with the best name would win a free dinner. So that's my entry.The Notorious P.I.G is a new BBQ restaurant on the corner of Thunderbird and 32nd St. where Carmella's Italian Restaurant used to be. Now that Carmella's talented former chef is cooking at Gino's (see below) this is an even better use for the building. The interior hasn't changed a lot, in fact they still have the same uncomfortable chairs (new ones are on the way), but the simplicity works well for a BBQ joint. For sports fans there are two flat screen TVs in the dining room, and more in the busy bar. It was a little past lunch time and the dining room was almost empty so we had lots of time to talk with our server, Torry. He moved to Phoenix a few weeks ago from Cincinnati, and this is his first restaurant job. We really enjoyed his enthusiasm. Ken asked a question about the chili, and Torry got a sample from the kitchen (with two spoons - smart man). When I said I had heard that the hushpuppies were overly seasoned with cayenne pepper, he went back again to make sure I could get some that would be to my liking. He checked in on us frequently, and later brought other staff members over to meet us. Before our entrees, we were served a little loaf of piping hot, sweet cornbread, still in the dish in which it had been cooked. It was accompanied by honey butter. I was already being won over.  There are three kinds of BBQ sauce - a mild tomato based one, the mild kind spiced up with pepper (I combined these two to make a slightly hot sauce), and a North Carolina mustard based sauce that captured Ken's heart.I "ingested" a pulled pork sandwich ($8.99) topped with delicious coleslaw that had a blue cheese dressing. The pork, nicely moist and flavorful, combined with the slaw (I would have liked a little more of it on my sandwich) and a decent roll was very satisfying. One side comes with the sandwiches, so I chose the hushpuppies. There wasn't a trace of cayenne, which I appreciated, but they were a little lacking in corn flavor. The texture, however, was fabulous, they were so light they were almost airborne.  Ken had ribs and beef brisket ($16.99). Be forewarned - the ribs are dry cooked, not falling off the bone and swimming in sauce. The dry rub was nicely balanced and the meat was perfectly tender, as was the brisket. The mac & cheese side needed a slight flavor nudge. We suggested adding truffle oil.  We were too full for dessert, but Torry told us that there are several homemade pies ($3.99 including pecan and sweet potato), cobblers, and cookie sundaes (both $4.99).Get this - on January 29 (I think that's the correct date) there's going to be a FREEpig-pickin'. You can bet this Notorious Porker Ingesting Groupies will be there.
3	Stopped by here on my way home to grab some food for the roommate and so I could steal a taste.This place popped up out of no where. This particular building has had at least 4 places in it since I've lived in the area. Seems to be one of those cursed locations.The location is nice inside looks like someone did some renovations recently. It is littered with big flat panel tvs. Would be a great place to catch a game. The dining room has 3 and the bar area had 6. That's a lot of game in yer face!Apparently they have a free buffet a few times a week during happy hour.Onto the food!Ribs:So really we just wanted to try out the food. We didn't want a full rack of ribs. So I opted for something on the menu called "Rib Bones." These are basic the odd shaped misfits that aren't pretty enough to go into the full or half racks.I did like them. They were nice and naturally smokey, didn't detect any liquid smoke in there. They were however very dry :( Now this could be one of a few things. They were either overcooked which I don't think was the case. It could be that they were closing in an hour and seem to not be super busy yet so stock isn't turning over. Or it could be that since they were odd shaped they end up a little more cooked/dry then the regular ribs. In hindsight this was probably not the best way to try the ribs. My frugal side got the best of me. Hotlinks:These were pretty darn tasty. They were nice and spicy and very salty. Maybe a little to salty but hotlinks are always like that.The hostess was very sweet and did a lot of custom pricing for me to sample some things when that isn't something they have on the menu.As of now I give this place 3 stars. I feel like they probably deserve more but until I get to try the regular ribs and some of the other things this is where it stands. I did overhear one table raving about how good their meal was. This is a good sign at least. Someone who has much more leeway in their diet please go give this a try! If this is decent BBQ we could use more of that in this city. They will have a hard enough time staying open in that cursed building even if they are great :)Support the locals!
2	My Fiance and I decided to try this place after hearing good reviews about this place. The staff was friendly, but the waitress was a bit slow in bringing our food. We did go in on a saturday and it looked busy, so it's understandable. The food was ok, but I have had better bbq. I had the open faced brisket sandwich, the brisket was a bit dry, and the mashed potatoes and corn on the cob were good. My fiance had the pulled pork, he didn't enjoy it, he said it was cold and lacked flavor. We were hoping to find a good bbq place out here, but it doesn't look like it's going to be this place.
4	I wanted a pulled pork sandwich.  New bbq place opens up near my work whose signature sandwich is pulled pork. Ordered the pulled pork. Devoured it. So full it almost hurts. Must go back very soon.But hey, I get it. Some people like their food to come quickly, knock off stars for bad service, like to have a waiter there waiting on them hand and foot. Nothing wrong with that.  Me? I'm there for the food.  When you give me that much pork on one sandwich, I don't care if it takes you an hour to prepare it, I'm just that much more likely to be able to finish it. Couple of things: Yes, the pulled pork sandwich came dry.  But there was medium and hot bbq on every table next to the roll of paper towels. Must have changed since some other reviews. Didn't try the "hot" hush puppies, but the baked beans were very good. My friend loved the mac and cheese, and he had pulled pork sliders which we said were awesome.Want to take off a half star for my vegetarian friend that accompanied us... she ordered a salad, and they literally cut a head of lettuce into fourths and gave her one. She didn't have a salad, rather a wedge of lettuce.  Kind of odd.  But then again, what's a vegetarian doing in this place to begin with?  Five stars from the carnivores, 2 from the herbivore.
3	I'm so torn with this place.  Part of me wants to give it four stars and the other part of me wants to give it 3.  I can't really decide where to go but, since I stood at the hostess counter for 5 minutes waiting for someone to seat us, AND they were out of diet Coke, I am going to grade down.Their menu looked great and I was really having a hard time deciding what all to get.  Thankfully, I got to try a lot of everything.  I ordered the taquitos first.  They had great flavor and were crispy by themselves but then I added them to the weird jalapeno-pineapple salsa stuff and wow!  That's some bold flavor.  These were some of the best things I've ever eaten.  Then I ordered the sliders.  The great thing about the sliders here is that you can mix and match the meats on your three sliders.  I tried hotlinks, spicy sausage, and pulled pork.  The hotlinks were excellent.  I think I'd rather not have them in slider form again but this mini burger was definitely good.  The sausage, however, was not good.  It was thinly cut and over-cooked.  All of them were black and tough.  Just not very good at all.  Finally, the pulled pork one (which I had the highest hopes for) was unappetizing from the moment I picked it up.  I pulled out a giant piece of fat that was hanging out of my slider and that set the tone for the rest of it.  It was fatty, dry, and unappetizing.  Even dumping hot bbq sauce on it didn't make that spongy texture go away.  For my side dish I tried the jalapeno cole slaw.  While it was pretty good, I just didn't want anything after eating the pulled pork.Would I go back? Without a doubt.  I would order those taquitos and a beer and be happier than anyone else.  I'd recommend the hot links but I'm just not sure about everything else.  Good and bad all around here.
1	I really try to find something positive to say about any locally owned place I eat, but this place was really, really bad.i had the namesake sandwich.  the meat was served without sauce - dry and slightly tough.  adequately cooked, but bland - no flavor.the bleu cheese slaw was soggy, and also relatively flavorless.  there was barely a hint of bleu cheese there - it is very hard to mask such an assertive flavor, but these guys seem to have done it completely.after a bite or two to sample the meat sauceless, i thought i drenched the sandwich in sauce.  but aside from a slight dampness and a whisper of tomato, the sauce was barely there.  i ended up soaking every bite to try and get an idea for what the sauce tasted like, but i all i could get was a very, very mild, tomato-y thing.  this was the spicy sauce, mind you.the sides i sampled seemed store-bought, especially the potato salad, which was more like hard-boiled egg salad with the occasional potato.the roll was good.  but it was a waste of a good roll.barbeque is about assertive, bold flavors - regardless of region.  notorious p.i.g. has completely failed on that front.  maybe they toned down their recipes for the general public?
2	Good Food  Horrible Service!My advice if you want to try the food call ahead for takeout and for sure get the Hot Links the Pulled Pork the Cheesy Grits and the Blue Cheese Coleslaw.If they do not fix the service issue very soon I have to say the next review I read in the paper will be titled "RIP P.I.G."
3	I enjoyed my meal here, but something just didn't feel right.  I am still on a quest for the best BBQ and BBQ sauce in the Valley.  I've found some pretty good stuff along the way, but usually one or the other, not both.  Unfortunately, Famous Dave's still has exactly what I want; a sweet and tangy thick sauce and tender thin brisket to go with it.First off, I wasn't really feeling the decor of the place, it just felt weird.  I'm not counting that against them though, because no good BBQ place has any sort of "ambience" going for it anyway.  I think the chairs were too small, or maybe my butt is just too big, but they were kind of uncomfortable.  Our server was a nice enough gal and she was very apologetic when she had to tell us the Diet Coke was out, but I was still a little irked by that.  That kind of crap happens all the time, but really, you should have a popular drink like that overstocked in the back.As far as the food goes, I really liked their selection.  There was something for everyone, and a few twists on familiar items.  Coca Cola taquitos anyone?  The prices were very fair, maybe even a bit lower than you would find elsewhere.  I ordered the brisket plate which came with two sides, I chose the mac and cheese and the hush puppies.  I can't forget to mention the creamy sweet cornbread as well.  The brisket was, well, just okay.  The sauce was the same.  The mac and cheese was tasty, but nothing too special.  The hush puppies were kind of bland, and that was unfortunate because I love those little suckers.  The cornbread though, well it deserves an award or something.  It was delicious!  It's creamy, sweet, and cake-like, almost like dessert as your side dish.  There's a big blob of honey butter to go with it too.If you go, I definitely recommend the sweet cornbread, and give the Coca Cola taquitos a shot.  They're pretty interesting.  I can definitely see myself coming back to give this place another shot.  After all, they've only been open for a little while.
3	The food was good, I got brisket and it was really good. I enjoyed the sides and cornbread too. My one HUGE complaint was the wait for our food! We waited an HOUR!! Several apologies were mad but we never saw a manager or were offered anything to make it right. If we go back, it will be for lunch!!
1	Terrible.  Awful.  Only some of the words I can think of to describe this place.  I will not be going back, and I don't recommend this place to anyone.I went there a few weeks ago and had one of the worst meals of my life.  We waited over 45 minutes to get a table.  I said to my group that if the food is good, I don't mind waiting.  When we got seated, our server seemed like she was on a mind altering substance.  She asked if by the time she came back if we would be ready to order, how would we know?!? After a review of the menu, some items stated they came with sides and others didn't.  When asked, we were looked at as if we were stupid, but they clearly were not on the menu even though everything came with a side.  After placing our order, about 20 minutes into waiting for our food, the server asked if we wanted some cornbread.  This was the only okay thing of the meal.  While we waited, the table next to us ordered a peach cobbler, of which they were out so the waiter brought them a peach pie.  We overheard the guy stating how it was the worst pie he ever had and that it wasn't even pie, it was peaches in crust, no other filling and it was cold.  When our food finally came out, 40 minutes after ordering, things were missing and wrong.  Three of us ordered pulled pork sandwiches, all with the slaw on the side.  None of them came with slaw at all.  Some came with pickles, but mine did not.  I asked for the slaw and after 10 minutes they brought out the incorrect one (one with bleu cheese).  I asked if I ordered the sandwich with the slaw would it have taken longer to get my food, the response was they were out of it.  Well that was a common theme throughout the night.  We went on the 9th weekend they were open and they were out of almost everything by 8:00. I ate my pulled pork without the slaw, while waiting and let me tell you I could not finish it, that's how bad it was.  I never have a problem finishing any food given to me, even if it is just mediocre, and let me tell you this was disgusting.  It tasted like it was sitting in liquid smoke for 3 days. Another member of our group ordered brisket which was not good either.  The bbq sauce is too spicy.  She ordered the not spicy beans and they brought out  beans which were spicy.  A lady came to ask how our food was and we stated the beans were spicy when they were not supposed to be.  They brought out beans and said they were not spicy, and again they were spicy.  The lady came back and asked and once again we were told they were spicy.  The Third time the beans were brought out she said here try these they are different (only 2 beans on the menu) and we said no thanks and she said I am the owner and these are different, well they were still spicy.  She had a very bad attitude and told us the chef messed up and put too much spice in the morning, well why would you try passing them off as not spicy to us 3 times if you knew this?  So we sent the beans back and they never took them off the bill.There was so much wrong with this place.  The food, the service, the ownership and so much more.  DO NOT go here unless you want to be disappointed.  I cannot believe they are opening other locations in the coming weeks when they cannot figure out how to operate this small location.  One more thing, after discussing this place with a coworker, she said her husband ordered ribs to go and they were covered in hot sauce and jalepenos and they were terrible.  I will not be going back, and I don't recommend this place to anyone.
1	I really wanted to like this place.  It's not to far and they are opening a location right near my house.  The quality of the food and the restaurant management is just not up to par.  It was not even good at all.  I look for this restaurant to improve significantly before opening its Desert Ridge location.
2	Had a big hankerin for some BBQ today and I had driven by this place a few times so when the craving came, Notorious P.I.G was on deck. . While I was driving over I checked YELP and was concerned by a few less than spectacular reviews. I should remember the creedo, "In YELP I trust"   I have to agree with the other reviewers.  It was not so great, but I cant pin down exactly what it was that I didn't care for.  The brisket as a little spicy and the beans were like something I could get out of a can. The cornbread seemed a little dry.  I hate to give a place two stars because I know behind the scenes this is someone's livelyhood.  Someone's baby. But I have to call them as I see em.
1	I'm sorry to say it, but the only two things this place has going for it are a cool name and toasty buns. Even the sauce on the table was beyond dull. (I swear it's 85-90% ketchup.) I wasn't very hungry, so I decided on the slider app. They offer several different choices, including pulled pork, brisket, chicken and hot links. I picked 3 different ones to try, but naming them won't matter because none of them were anything special. I'm a sucker for a good, toasty bun, though, so I had something to keep me going. I was thinking to myself that if the food was good I would try a slice of pie to top off the meal. The food was boring, so I can only imagine the pie is a dud too. Putting the food aside for a second, I think the restaurant is pretty neat looking. It smells great. It's got a good location. I just wish the food was as great as the name.
3	I love BBQ! On my visit to the P I G, I had interesting chili, which was more like my mom's Crock pot brisket, and mac n cheese, which was not as good as Trader Joe's --- believe me that stuff is so fabulous!!!!  I kind of liked the staff, and everyone was happy with their food, although you really shouldn't feature peach cobbler until you can buy fresh peaches and make it right, huh? Anyway, the corn bread is cakey and soft, and I like a crunchy corn texture, but the table devoured the bread. I am not a fan of that bread. I probably will try the place again, and order the pulled pork or chicken which looked pretty good.
4	To the point, the alcohol is super cheap...that makes everything better. I like to grab the wings and a beer for an early snack.
4	This will be a drive-by review, quick and to the point...We went last night, with a Groupon.  Loved the Coca-Cola Taquito app.  The sweet/spicy jelly they serve with it puts it over the top!  Great pulled pork!  Decent enough hot-links.  Baked beans side was spicy, I like that.  Food was beyond delicious. Decent price, decent service, great food.  Don't let those other reviews fool you, try it for yourself.
1	Terrible food that made me sick. Awful service. And oddly enough, I got the same interaction regarding "sides" that others have posted here.
4	I went here twice this past weekend and I am definitely a fan.  I ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich with one side.  I chose mashed potatoes.  The pulled pork is amazing.  The mashed potatoes were a little weird but acceptable.I also ordered the rib tips.  YUM YUM YUM.  Went back a second time the same weekend because they were so good.  This place has a nice little bar too.  The barbecue sauce is awesome and the prices are reasonable.  Four stars.  Yay!  I'm a fan.
3	The perks of this place? First off, the amusing and entertaining name of the joint. Add to that a primo location with lots of people watching and places to go after dinner. Plus, the BBQ is pretty damn good. All this makes for a pretty positive evening in my book.We ordered the family platter so that we could try the ribs and brisket as well as three sides. We knew it would be a lot of food but we like to plan ahead for leftover meals. We went with our Southern favorites of mac and cheese, cheese grits and sweet potato fries. The fries were delicious and the mac & cheese was good enough that we finished the entire bowl with no leftovers to take home. The grits were good but were the watery kind of grits when we're used to the thicker kind of grits served at Roscoe's or Lucille's. The service was great with an attentive yet not overbearing server. Overall, dinner at The Notorious P.I.G. was entertaining and I wouldn't mind going back to amuse our friends and family or if we're in the area. If I am truly craving Southern food and BBQ though I will probably try heading to Lucille's first.
3	I came here with a friend of mine a few Friday's ago to give it a try with a Groupon.  I am always looking for some good bbq.  I had the beef brisket, he had the pulled pork.  The beef brisket was alright.  It had a smokey taste that I enjoyed, but it was way too salty.  Yes, I know that smoked meats are supposed to be salty, but I literally went through two cups of water over night and was still thirsty in the morning.The potatoes (all varieties we had) were tasty and memorable.  The atmosphere was not worth noting, but our waitress was nice and helped us with our choices.All in all, the meat was below average; the fixings and sides above average.  You decide.......
1	I read what seemed to be mostly positive reviews on this restaurant that has been at Desert Ridge long enough to be established... I'll start with the positives... the sweet potato fries were good and the water was wet and cold. The ribs, while okay, were cooked sans sauce, per restaurant standard, but not with the sauce we asked for on them. The $8 pulled pork sandwich was terrible, again sans sauce. The Ruben's pastrami was inedible and my wife's Mandarin Chicken salad was very mediocre. She likes very dry chicken, and this was TOO dry for her. We happened to dine there at the same time as some friends. They too were first timers, who vowed to never return. To end on a positive, the staff was generally friendly and service was fine. I left the restaurant smelling like I just came back from a camping trip.
4	We went here several months ago, before the name changed.  It was OK, but non memorable. This review is based on my more recent, 2nd visit.Recently a friend gave us a gift certificate for this place, and we returned on one of those weeknights when you get home from work so late that there's no way you'll cook, and Lord knows no one in the house has started anything.Here's the low-down:  The food was really excellent.  We ordered Onion rings as an appetizer- they didn't disappoint, and disappeared fast.  In addition, we got one of these big BBQ platters that is a mix of meats and sides- perfect for our group.  It was a generous amount of food, and we brought home leftovers to boot.Platter included ribs, pulled pork, brisket, and BBQ chicken.  Our group of 5 enjoyed all of the meats, and the sides were also great.  Corn muffins were good, cole slaw, hush puppies, greens, and salads were all good.  Good selection of beers.Service was very friendly but amateurish- likely first job doing this sort of thing- possibly a case of the owners having their kids work in the biz.  I have no problem with this, but like to include the info just the same as it may be an issue for some.We went late, and were still welcomed.  Looks like they have good Happy Hour Specials.  Check it out!
