1	Wow.This 1-Star rating does not reflect the usual service I had found in this store in the past, but this reflects my most recent experience today, and it needs to be said.AT&T and I in general have a weird relationship.  I've found them at times to be more expensive than I think they should be, but they have always been willing to work with me to stay within budget, offer me alternatives, and have overall treated me fairly and with courtesy.  I wanted to see if I could find some price saving measures for my phone.  In supporting two iPhones, I wanted to see if I could lower my pay to fit our current needs, as we don't need some of the features that we previously had.  I've been to Rampart before, and I've normally been treated well.Today, I got to speak with some pouty pretty boy who spoke in mumbles, and didn't make eye contact with me, smile... not a hint of civility.  Whatever.  I'm not here to make lifelong friends.  I'm here to see if I can figure out better pricing for my phone services.I tell him my scenario, and after he types in my personal information, I ask if there's any way I can save a few dollars."You have the best plan", he mumbled at me matter of factly.  No alternatives, no suggestions, no practical or even impractical solutions, explanations or advice."So I can't lower my bill at all", I state, looking at him incredulously.This time he bothered himself to look up at me.  "Nope", he responded coldly.And that was it.I looked at him to see if he had some sort of On/Off switch, like maybe AT&T corporate was test-marketing some sort of emotionless robot prototype in their stores that gave only generic answers without research, effort, or exposition on why things the way they are.He stared at me until I reconfirmed my current price, and went back to staring at me with his emotionless pouty face.I left and went to the store on Lake Mead Blvd.  The guy there was nice, helpful, and worked with me on finding a solution to lower my monthly phone bill.Rampart AT&T managers: Tell corporate that their robot salesmen idea needs to be shelved, and that they'd probably save money and retain long-term customers if they start hiring human employees again.  I'll be going to Lake Mead now, thanks, unless you get rid of "Roboto the Pouty Sales-Bot" (aka Mike).
4	Bringing down prices has never ran so smoothly in the decade I have ever owned a cell phone. 1. He(agent) listened to my situation2. Itemized, on a notepad, what exactly we were paying for a month.3. Analyzed the demographics of our minute usage. What we used most vs. What we used less. 4. Told us based on our usage what plan would better fit our family's needs, allowing us to save about $100 on our next and recurring bill. 5. Thank you for it went smoother than a baby's bottom(little rascals).P.s. I love good eye contact. Such a memorable visit.
5	I had a problem with my cell phone and the manager at this store went above the call of duty.  I already went to another store to see if they could help but they just sent me on my way and kind of said tough figure it out yourself.Shannon the manager took a look at my phone and she found out that it was my phone itself messing up not the service.  She even got it replaced for free for me.  Now thats customer service when they didnt have to do anything at all
4	All AT&T stores should be basically the same. It's the employees and management who differentiate one store from another. This store seems professional and the staff were organized and efficient. I've been to stores where the employees are more intent on having fun and joking with one another than serving the customer, but I'm pleased to say I didn't experience anything unpleasant here.
5	A visit to an AT&T store is not always positive, but this time they hit a home run!I'm somewhat abashed to have to report on the reason we were there, but here goes:  after selling a Galaxy on Craigslist, then taking over my old iPhone4, hubby was at his wits' end.  Electronics and technology are just not his thing, and smartphones are just too complicated.  Or rather, he's not interested enough to EVER read a manual. (Sound familiar, girls?)  After getting a message from the carrier that he'd gone over his $15 data plan limit, enough was enough.  He doesn't access any data, has virtually no apps, the few that he has aren't used and aren't kept open, and he's hooked up to wifi in the house.  It was time to get  a) a free flip phone or b) (best choice), two tin cans and a string.We went to the store in Boca Park, and we were lucky enough to get Danielle to help us.  The options weren't great:  AT&T was not giving away DUMB flip phones, and we'd have to pay up to $40 to go back 10 years in time.  He was almost ready to plunk down his money, when Danielle decided to take the time to really go through every nook and cranny of the settings to try and find out why the phone was eating up data.  She called over the supervisor, too, and they both had at the phone.  And then Danielle found it:  a well-hidden setting that would send every nuance of information to Apple, including phone calls and info that wasn't consuming data on its own.  This little tidbit was the culprit.  She turned it off, and then checked my iPhone5 to make sure it was off in my settings, too. (It was).AT&T the company will not remove the extra $15 we have to pay this month, but Danielle and Nicole at the store made this a 5-star experience, both for their expertise, and for the great amount of time Danielle spent on the problem, when there was no great payoff in store for her; we didn't drop the data plan, as we could have done with a new dumbphone, but I doubt she'd get a cut of that, anyway.  Kudos are well-deserved.
1	Sucky experience. They've designed to be more like the Apple Store experience. All I need is a case and a FireWire cable. Everything is at KNEE level. You have to hurt your neck just to see what the daggone product is. I felt like cursing. Won't be back.
1	Horrible experience with Sarah.  3 hours in the store, like buying a car only to find out the set up she completed was completely wrong.  Had to spend another 1.5 hours on phone "support" chat with AT&T.  An equally poor experience.  We spend $3,000 year with AT&T and you'd think they could get their act together and provide better customer service.  I'd high recommend anyone stay away from this store and if you can, from AT&T.
5	The store is one of the most beautiful store I have ever been in. I was greeted at the door and helped within in minutes. I had questions on my bill and the representative was able to lower my bill and get me into a tablet for less than I was paying before I came in!!! I'm really happy with AT&T and love going to that store to check out all the new products that come out. Very pleased! I have read some of the other reviews and think that people are being a little harsh. I have worked sales before and I have had customers that over react and act out of line. I will return to this store for any of my AT&T needs.
5	Lauriann at the Boca Park (Las Vegas) store ... she knows more than anyone I have even met in that business. To not ask for her personally ... just do it.She GET'S IT ... She UNDERSTAND'S IT ... She is CONCERNED ABOUT IT ... whatever it is ... Lauriann will fix & solve it ... and quickly.What a God Scent to AT&T !
4	One of the best cell phone shopping experiences I have ever had! I went in to upgrade my phone. I wanted an educated opinion on the difference between the iPhone and Samsung Note 3.After speaking to Corey, I learned they will be releasing a new Note phone in a few weeks! He advised me to come back then... My wife had questions on a different phone, and decided to upgrade her phone, when I do.We had a very long wait, which is why they only got 4 out of 5 stars... Next time I'll make an appointment. The store is located very close to my house, in a shopping center that's easily accessible! I'll never go to a different store, because each time I've been there, the service has been impeccable. The layout of the store is modern, but they need more places for waiting customers to sit down.I can't wait until I get a new phone!
5	We come to this store to see Juanita... She is always so helpful. Today she is out for vacation & we are having a struggle as the wait time is very frustrating. Plus the customer chairs are so uncomfortable.  We have always enjoyed our experience here. Recommend you call ahead & book an appointment with Juanita for a great experience.  If I wrote a review based on today's visit it would look entirely different. But with so many times that we got great help from Juanita, I need to temper myself.
1	After waiting for 20 minutes the guy supposed to help us didn't bother to even look for us. He just went up to the greeter and said we left. We were right next to him. Then we asked about iPhone 6 plus in stock. He checks the back and returns empty-handed. We tell him we want one and he goes back there but it's too late. Someone took the last one. Then he proceeded to be incredibly unhelpful. We ended up leaving with nothing. The greeter was incredibly helpful but our service rep needs to be taught what customer service is.
