1	You really get to experience the flavor of North Las Vegas at this course....Be warned that if you are in need of rental clubs, I guess you need to let them know way in advance. When we showed up on a friday afternoon, they asked if we had our own clubs. We were just in town for the weekend and did not bring any. The attendant just said "we're completely out of clubs" and offered no other resolution. I think they maybe had 2 sets of full clubs for the 18 hole golf course. Kind of ridiculous. Wasted cab rides to and from the course.On the plus side there was a charming grocery store across the street from the course named Marketon (formerly King Ranch Market). They have great deals on chicken and make a mean soccer-themed cake.
1	Garbage.  Butchered greens. Crappy club rentals. Pretty ugly course. After playing 2 previous days @ wonderful courses in Summerlin, i found myself playing this course and wishing i was in the poker room @ Caesars.  Too may nice courses in LV to play this dump. I thought i booked at LV National Golf Club only to find out i booked here. Diseaster.
1	Terrible!!!!!! greens were burnt bad, had 3 or 4 fairway greens. never again will I go there.
1	This course is not maintained at all. The green are torn up, so expect your putts to be redirected by burnt up grass spots and large divots. That being said, if you want to go smack the ball around on some fairly wide fairways for $13 a round (18 holes), this is the place. That price includes the cart. You spend more than that at a driving range. You can't find a cheaper place around to practice at.
1	I wish I had looked this place up on yelp before I played here. First I checked to see if they would have any cart restrictions for the weekend I was playing. There schedule said NO RESTRICTIONS! The weekend we went to play (Sept. 27, 2013) the whole golf course was CART PATH ONLY. It was the joke of the day, we didn't know what they were trying to protect. The place is a DUMP. Burnt greens, weeds on every one. Couldn't putt on a single one. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!
3	This is a very busy local course.  Lots of grass and no desert. One of the few courses you can walk, so many people walk.  Flat course so an easy walk.  Many beginners so it plays slow.  Try to find times when it is not to busy. Evening in the summer is good.
3	This course is a bit run down, but the redeeming quality is it had available tee times on a beautiful Sunday.We reserved late in the week and every other course we tried to reserve a tee time for was booked. That being said, golfing on the nicest day of the year? Get out of here. Unbeatable. This municipal course charges 34$ for 18 holes with cart rental and a beer inclusive. Very reasonably priced.
4	I don't understand all of the hate on this place. Sure, it's not in A+ condition overall. However, the tees and fairways are very playable. Some of the greens are a little patchy in places, but it seems to only affect the look and not the roll. Most people who play this course aren't good enough for it to make any difference.It is a traditional design, and not desert/target golf. It is pretty tough to lose a ball unless you hit into one of the few water hazards on the course. Golf in Vegas is expensive for tourists, period. That said, this is one of the cheaper courses for a tourist to play. I paid $50 to walk it during the week. I gladly paid that, as I am a walker, and this is one of the few courses in Vegas that you can walk. Accordingly, there were a lot of walkers on the course. It's pretty flat with short distances in between holes, making for an easy walk. The pace of play was decent other than some backups on the par 3's.Maybe it just gets burnt out in the summer, and that's what everyone is complaining about?
2	What happened, conditions have been getting worse here.  One of my favorite courses as you can walk and price is right but it is becoming unplayable.  Greens are full of problem areas and fairways have rows like they were planting corn.  Good for practice at best.  I hope they can recover the previous better condition.
3	Easy course for beginners and short distance hitters. I can hit some par 4s in one shot with a driver or 3 wood. Greens don't break too much either. Only con, still watering the grass and it was 10am. Had to wait for the sprinklers to go by on the green and on a tee box.
1	I used to have a monthly subscription to their golfing range.  I really like the fact that we could golf off the grass, but was quickly turned off when they started to force us to hit of astro turf.  What really made my experience stink was a young male staff member who works in the pro shop.  This kid constantly busts my balls over me not bringing in my key for balls and accused me of "sharing" balls with non-paying members.  After a few times of this rude, totally unnecessary, and unprofessional behavior I cancelled my subscription.  Upon leaving the pro shop on my last visit, I reported the problem employee to the shop manager; they both apparently support this poor behavior, as they both turned, looked at me, and casually snickered while the manager jokingly delivered the news to the problem employee.  The combination of poor employees, the frugality regarding saving green surface at the range (seems to be all the time we're forced to hit off astro turf), and the fact that employee's don't take responsibility for their crap attitudes makes this place a real crap hole!
4	Great overseed this year.  Fairways are full and greens in great condition.  Some of the best rates in town,  still a little slow pace of play but they allow you to walk the course.
1	Poor customer service very uprofessional employees especially the old man who said he is in charge of of the range. He will really ruin your day. I recommend the course but bring more patience.
