3	I feel like all Sarku's taste the same, chicken is good and overall everything is pretty unsalty. However, one of my broccoli's had black stuff on it, and I'm pretty sure it was dirty, not charred.Hm... well it WAS $5.65 after tax for a huge plate.
1	sick...and not in the way my college roommate use to say "that's sick! " (meaning cool, awesome, sweet, wicked (variation of any of the previous). No this was just gross. After driving across town to two different malls to find a particular dress in my size, I worked up quite the appetite. Hey it's Friday- I'll go for some Americanized Asian...so I ordered the general Tso's with a maki roll ( not sushi- this is what they call their spring rolls), and noodles.My noodles were cold...like really cold. The portion was beyond stingy- normally with these kind of take-out restaurants I cannot finish my meal, but their were exactly 11 pieces of chicken 7 of which were teeny-tiny bits... The texture of both meat and noodles was very mushy and overall not so tasty. When I paid with debit the girl at the counter literally handed my receipt and said "sign-this" ...so much for service. I will say it was cheap and the spring roll was edible. I should have known better than to give into mall food cravings...not worth the calories. But hey on a positive note I did find my dress size at CP Mall!
4	I don't understand the super low reviews on here, eat here quite often, it's delicious, and fresh, they cook to order.  For mall Asian-style food, you can't beat it!
4	I too don't understand the low ratings for this place. As others have said you've got to keep your expectations in perspective when visiting a mall food court. For a quick and tasty fast food experience I really love Sarku Japan. They do cook the food fresh to order and I usually order their Teriyaki chicken special. Their teriyaki isn't too sweet which I like and it carmelizes on the chicken for a really great flavor. Because I'm a big guy who likes to eat I get the double meat, spring roll and drink combo. All this for just over $10. In my book and palate I think this is a pretty good deal.
