3	A friend was telling me about Crust, a new pizza place.  They have homemade dough that has a crisp crust.  Homemade sauce and good cheeses.  So we stopped by on the way to the football game.  We had a red pizza with some veggies and pepperoni.  While I liked the crust, I thought the sauce needed a little more Italian spices to give it a little more flavor.   We also shared a few Buffalo style wings.  The wings were OK but could use a little more hot pepper sauce, they were a little lite in flavor.
3	We just went to crust. It is a new pizza shop in the neighborhood . We ordered 2 small pizza's (1 Da works and 1 white)and bread sticks.  Da Works was good but the white had too much garlic and oil. I would go back again but I want to try the hoagies.
3	Oh dear. Once again, I went in with high hopes and left moderately satisfied. I will echo that the place is aptly named... the "Crust" of the pizza is delicious! Otherwise, a very average pizza.  Inside is your standard pizza shop. A very narrow space; nothing to write home about.  Counter Lady was friendly although not very knowledgeable. ("Do you have sun dried tomatoes?" turned into a 5 minute ordeal.) Salad was nice and fresh, although it came with pepperoni as I guess I wasn't careful looking over the menu. (Menu in store is slightly different then the one on the on-line!) So their website is selling this place as a great "Take and Bake" pizza! Personally this option isn't that appealing to me. If I want a take n' bake I'll get it at the grocery store or Costco for half the price. The point of a pizza shop IMHO is, I feel lazy, order pizza, open door, open box, insert food. Crust is making it too complicated.Now this would probably be a place we used quite a bit because it's convenient location if it had delivery and inexpensive pies &/or weekly deals. None of that is currently happening so we'll keep giving our pizza business elsewhere. They DO offer pizza by the slice if you need a quick bite. My experience wasn't so bad that I won't check back in with these guys in a couple months and give 'em another try.
5	I 've had multiple friends tell me to check out Crust and now I'm addicted.This is now one of my favorite pizza spots in the 'burgh with some of the best Sicilian style cuts. I had a slice of the fresh Margarita pizza recently which I loved and the Steak Diavolo Sandwich (delicious steak, melted cheese, marinara, spicy peppers etc. on a nice crusty roll ) is a must. Crust! definitely wont be a secret for too long. Kudos on a job well done - will be back real soon.
3	Good Crust.Crisp and chewy crust with garlic butter and parmigiana cheese sprinkled on the edges.Friendly service.Nice tomato sauce that I would like more if it had a little oregano.Good toppings.
2	The pizza is average at best. The prices are above average and the portion size is small in comparison to other shops. No delivery and I had to wait almost 45 min for pizza and breadsticks.
4	Yum, yum, delic! I decided to try Crust after reading the Yelp reviews. Hubs and I ordered a medium Sicilian for pick up. I was a little worried that the pizzas were all take and bake. When I called, I was informed that take and bake is optional for most pizzas but never available for the Sicilian. When I picked up the Sicilian, I was surprised that it was cut into squares and placed in the box. I guess I was expecting a constructed pizza. Maybe they had to put it that way to get it to fit in the box? Regardless, it was delicious. The crust was thick, crunchy and soft at the same time. The sauce was bright, tasty and plentiful. I love a saucy pizza. As I was chowing down, I was taken back to the streets of Rome where we bought squares of pizza for two euros and ate them while walking around the piazzas. Bottom line, the Siclian has stolen my heart and my belly for that matter.
4	2nd best pizza in Pittsburgh(so far...). New to town and after 4 other pizza places this one is tip top. Went here after my aunt recommend. Awesome! Wait was an hr on Fri night...the only negative. Split a large with the wife and boys and I ate half. Bread bites are great!We'll be back next week!
4	Yummy pizza with unique topping like dandelion sausage. I would recommend this pizza place. You can either have them bake it or take and bake. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was because we had them bake it and the pizza was soggy because the put on alot of toppings. Next time we will bake it. The crust was awesome. We oredered meatball that were very tasty. A great option. I also like that the pizzas were smaller.
4	Great gluten free pizza crust is available. I love he BBQ chix pizza so much have not tried others. Usually order wo bacon because tends to be a bit greasy w but that is just me. If your gluten free don't miss this one!
4	I just tried Crust for the first time today and I am in love!  True to the name, the crust is crispy and tastes like a breadstick (they use parm cheese and garlic butter).  Prices are reasonable I'll be back for more!
4	As far as my family is concerned the pizza competition has been won by Crust. The staff is great, there are lots of great pizza options, and we love the take and make pizzas. The only drawback is the parking could be better.
