4	Everytime I come to this location I always have two slices of cheese pizza. One of the most rewarding things to consume! The pizzas are very good here. For me, the flavor of the sauce is just right and they know the exact ratio of cheese to sauce when the make their pies. I personally like reheating the cheese pizzas in the oven (NO MICROWAVE) because the dough gets a bit crispier. Great texture.They have other stuff on the menu but I just stick to what makes me happy. Two slices of cheese sit back, relax and eat it as fast as you can before it gets cold.
1	Let me just start by saying that I love Villa Pizza.  I have lived in the Las Vegas Valley for 15 years and I grew up eating it, as my family is from the East Coast and we are way picky about our pizza.  So, that being said, my review is simply for this particular location, and not the Villa Pizza franchise as a whole (which, btw, this place recently changed its name to "Sal's pizza", so that makes me feel a bit better about writing this).  If you want to experience some of the best pizza in the Valley, try it out.  Just don't go to this location.I ate here the first day that I moved to Henderson, and, due to the reasons above, was thrilled to live walking distance near a Villa pizza.  However, I was less than thrilled to discover that it is connected to a gas station.  We had been moving all day and we were starving, though, so no matter.  The cashier was okay, and the menu was typical of the chain. Upon sitting down to wait for our pizza, my friends yelped, as they spotted a huge roach.  I went up to tell the cashier, only to be met with annoyance rather than any kind of apology.  Grossed out by this, we switched to another table in the center of the restaurant.  As we were eating, not ONE, but TWO roaches resurfaced.  I went to the cashier again, and she sent out a guy from the back who chased them around... as we were eating our pizza, looking on in horror.  As this is happening, I hear "Sal" in the back hacking up a lung as he's cooking pizza.  Despite the fact that the pizza was good (as is typical of the chain), I was so disgusted by everything else that I just about put down my food and walked out.  I will never, ever dine here again due to fears about cleanliness, and I don't think I've ever had to do that with a restaurant here in Vegas.  Someone needs to get the health department in there, stat.  Diners, beware.
4	Awesome NY style pizza. Their stromboli's are the bomb too. They recently parted ways with the Villa franchise name. The are now called Sal's pizza.
5	This is delicious, awesome pizza.  Don't let the fact that it's connected to a gas station fool you, this is good stuff.  The grease/cheese/sauce situation is absolutely perfect.  They only have one size, giant, but you'll want to eat the whole thing on your own, so it's ok.  Trust me, try it once and you'll fall hard.(Oh, by the way, it's called Sal's Pizza now.  Still the same awesome pizza.)
5	Delicious pizza and Theresa who works there always give great service with a smile and treats everyone well. This is very authentic Brooklyn style pizza. Theresa is very pleasant and makes the overall experience great.
3	I don't see what the big deal is...any fresh pizza hot out of the oven is bound to be good.  What I judge good pizza on is usually the crust, and this one was hard and crunchy, which I didn't really care for.  That being said, it was good because it was hot out of the oven, but I don't really think it stands out from your typical pizza place (to me, anyway).
5	Always a consistently good pie.  I'm a pizza snob and this place is solid.  They also do good meaty wings, not the little tiny ones some places pass off as wings.$10 cheese pie is a real value for hand tossed, no conveyor belt, real pizza oven pizza.  They use sliced sausage which I love unlike some joints that have that frozen rabbit pellet junk they pass off as sausage.  If you love sausage, you know what I'm talking about. Great place and attached to an AM/PM so it is very convenient to pick up a few things while you wait.  Always quick and always consistent food. Same guys have been tossing the pies for years.  This is one of those never judge a book by it's cover places because it's located in a gas station.  A real find.
4	I' m all about  a fine pizza and Sal's does it right. The same guy has been crankin out pies here for years and as long as I've been a patron I haven't seen him crack a smile once. I've tried! It's a mission impossible thing for me now. He's cool though and my orders have ALWAYS been spot on. The Pizza- $10 Large cheese pie for carryout is money. FYI, he tends to go easy on the sauce, but the ratio works for my taste buds. If this guy was a bartender I wouldn't need to order doubles. He is VERY generous with those delicious, fresh toppings. Overall a real good pie with a thin, crispy crust and not too greasy. Do you ever do the pizza test to see if you hold a slice if all the cheese or toppings fall off? I do and that's not happenin' with this pie. It's the real deal my friends. The Fingers- Hot damn I miss working around the corner. This was in my weekly lunch rotation back in the day. Huge, breast meat tenders cooked just enough to have a light crisp to the breading and still maintain the juiciness of the meat. A medium heat always delivers enough of a punch without leaving me with fire in the hole. Did I just say that? The Ranch- 5 Full Figured Flaming Fucking Rock Stars for the Ranch! It has the perfect amount of garlic so you can still make-out after, but enough to get your garlic fix on. Yes, they make it in-house and yes, I drown everything in that shit.If you go to Sal's website there's a deal for $30.95 for a Large 1 topping pie, 10 Fingers and 20 wings. You can't beat that. The quality, the service and the right price. All reasons why it's the only number in my cell under Pizza. Go on with yo' bad self you non-smiling pizza makin' man!!!! See you on my next cheat day.
4	This place has probably some of the best pizza I've ever had in my life. I have given this place so much business and the special pie creations are consistently perfect every time. I think it has a lot to do with the type of sauce they are using. I've ventured out to another Villa pizza on Anthem Parkway and  the pizzas are completely different. A little bit pricey for a standard cheese pizza, but nevertheless worth every bite.
5	GREAT NY style pizza
2	We went here a few months ago, because it was another pizzeria that claimed they had "Authentic New York Pizza".... Guess they've never been to NY. I'm a born and raised New Yorker. We take our pizza seriously. Don't give me some greasy soggy slice of bread and try to call it Pizza. Thanks. The staff was nice, and the service was ok. I just can't bring myself to give them more than two stars with such bad food. Most of the reviewers are from local Las Vegans, most of which have never experienced NY pizza either.. so take it from me. If you want NY pizza-- don't go here.
2	The cheese pizza was excellent, but the cannolis were atrocious. Although listed as plain, they tasted as if someone poured a jar of cinnamon on them. They were inedible. Pretty tough to achieve with a cannoli.
5	I've been coming here for years, back when it first opened and when it used to be Villa pizza, and the pizza has stayed the same. Sal hasn't changed it at all. It's amazing! A bit out of the way from where I live now, but it's absolutely worth it. I don't go anywhere else for pizza! I go all the time, too. At least once a week. Prices are good, the service is friendly, and I even got Sal to smile at me a few times. And now I kind of wish I didn't have work today so I could go get Sal's.
1	Inexcusably awful.  The specials are actually more expensive than ordering from the menu, which is already grossly overpriced.  The pizza is terrible- flavorless, garbage with cheap ingredients.  The wings are rubbery, and the sauces are disgusting.  I don't understand how places like this stay in business.Four hours later- I'm adding my experience of being sick as a dog.  Very, very unpleasant...  I am at a complete loss for words that a place that serves such absolute putrid garbage stays open.  Unreal.
1	My first order will be my last order.  I had a menu shoved through my door from this establishment and decided to give it a try.  I placed a delivery order for their pizza and was told that there would be a $4.00 delivery charge "because I lived far away."  There was something about that that rubbed me the wrong way.  It's a strange business practice to go and pepper people's doors with menus and then tack on additional fees.  I would not have minded if the menus clearly stated that there could be a fee based on distance from the restaurant or if the food was just that damn good, but unfortunately neither was true in this case.  I don't live very far from the location and there's actually another pizza joint in that same exact plaza (Rosati's - cheaper and better food) as well as others that are further away that do not charge a fee to deliver to my home.  The food was nothing special and for the price of what I ordered I could have gotten the same at Grimaldi's or Settebello - both of which are far superior restaurants.There are far better options out there.  If you're looking for delivery, I'd take Cafe Modena, Bistro Pizza, or Rosati's over this (for this area).  Otherwise, do yourself favor and hit up Grimaldi's and Settebello.
1	Just been to Sal's Pizza. I was disappointed to hear, he sold. New owner is very argumentative.I guess the customer isn't always right. Won't be back.
5	Came in to Sal's Pizza today which is usually in my every few week rotation of pizza lunch hot spots in Henderson. I ordered the 2 slice lunch special cheese only and a side of ranch (homemade). It runs 4.99 for the lunch special which includes a 20 ounce drink and 90cents extra for the ranch which is more than enough for 2 slices. The slices were fresh and hot and up to New York standard. From Brooklyn, it's hard to find decent pizza out here in Las Vegas and Henderson. I felt that every time have dined in or ordered take out from Sal's I've never been disappointed. On a good day you will still catch the old man throwing dough in the window. He may have sold but his legacy lives on and he still works. Sal's pizza isn't just a lonely pizzeria in a gas station, it's a hidden gem. When I order take out and bring it back to work people want to know where I went for my pizza- I just tell them Sal's Pizza. 4.99 lunch special can't be beat.  -long time loyal customer
5	Sals Pizza is very very delicious! Always satisfied!! Even though it takes a long time to cook, it is totally worth it! Even the chicken fingers are made by hand (meaning it's not frozen)! I highly highly recommend this place!!!! True authentic Italian food!!
1	As a long time customer, even when it was Villa Pizza, I was always taken care and I always took care of them.When the switch to Sal's came they promised that the quality wouldn't change. Because they were so good to my family and I, we maintained loyalty to their business.Unfortunately throughout the switch we've had plenty of changes in quality and service. Sauce has changed, they don't carry celery, ranch is different, and the wings look suitable for a small child.Tonight was my last night. When I entered to pay for pickup, the girl behind the counter was sneezing and blowing her nose. She opened the pizza and placed an white separator in the pizza. There's a lot of things I will tolerate, but food borne illness is one thing I refuse as a customer.With all of these changes and tonight's encounter, I'm sad to say that I will not be returning to this business.
5	I was finishing topping off the tank of my rental car when I noticed there was a pizzeria inside this am/pm gas station.And it's a good thing too; I was starving.The pizza - wow! The crust has a crispness. And the toppings are fresh too.Their chicken fingers are outstanding. And when you pair it with their homemade Ranch dressing...well it doesn't get any better than that. Great food, great prices - I'll definitely be back.
1	Good pizza; super yummy. EXCEPT for when my boyfriend threw up all night, and I had to rush him to the ER. We thought he had colitis... Until the next day when I threw up! I don't throw up and haven't since I was 8. So this made me feel the worst I've ever felt. My boyfriend's aunt also got sick. I read recent reviews that workers sneezed and made the pizza and such. If you're going to eat here, make sure you watch the people that make your pizza!To be blunt, this is probably the most disgusting experience I've ever encountered.
5	New York style pizza made by Sal himself. You can tell he's been doing this for decades. Keep it simple and grab up a large cheese pizza for under $10. Take time to say hi to Sal. He would be delighted to meet you and appears genuinely grateful for your business. If you like Villa Pizza you'll likely love Sal's. They add a little more cheese than Villa and your check will be a fraction of the cost. Can't really beat that! Give it a whirl the next time you're jonesin' for a good pie ;)
4	There wings and ranch are to die for
5	I am so glad that we found this place . We absolutely love the pizza and fingers !!! I am so crazy over Dads Potato Salad ! Super yummy !! Highly recommended .... We have been coming here for quite some time and will continue to !!
5	The dough is delicious. The sauce is scrumptious. Best pizza in Green Valley, hands down.
1	I received a rotten chicken finger and they did not do anything about it told me its fine we just got them delivered today!!!!! NO THANK YOU SALS!!!
5	Been eating at Sal's for many years,  even when it used to be Villas! The pizza is the best in Vegas! The dough is so tasty, and the sauce is fresh and light. All and all an all around fantastic New York style pizza! The wing and fingers are delicious too, especially with the homemade ranch and blue cheese. We also really enjoy the sandwiches.  especially the meatball parm. And the pasta is decent too, but their pizza is the star of the show here, not mention the prices are very reasonable!  Give it a try!
1	We just moved to the area and I was excited to see a non-chain pizza place nearby. The experience turns negative when they have an open kitchen and a tall guy just stares at you as soon as you enter the restaurant like he has a beef with you...The boys ordered Spaghetti and Meatballs, I ordered Stromboli. $35 for a gas station pizzeria seemed high but hey what is cheap these days....Spaghetti and Meatball arrived quickly and the boys thought they were OK.... waitress comes after a while and tells me it would just be a little longer on the Stromboli.....5min. later I actually see them push the Stromboli in the oven....the kids were half way through...so I go to the counter and ask if that was mine....and was told it is....At that point I lost appetite with the guy staring at me and asked for my money back for the pizza. This was complied with but there was no offer to have the pizza that they obviously screwed up. Most other places would have offered. The chef took the half baked pizza out of the oven and let it sit on top a shelf...not sanitary at all 9hopefully you weren't the lucky guy who ordered this later..... The boys took another 7 minutes to eat so I had the pleasure of watching them eat and overhear the table beside us talk about the pizza being like cardboard anyways....We visited Sal's twice today ..... the first and last time...
