4	Three of us visited this clean, bright restaurant early Friday evening.  We ordered cheese and ground beef rellenos respectively and a bean burrito.  We also shared a bowl of boraches soup.  It is casual, order at the counter and then it is served on the table by the chef, owner, Johnny.      The chips and homemade salsa was on the table before we sat down.  I never drink pop so I judge a place by it's ice tea.  Johnny advertises that he only uses fresh and sure enough the ice tea was fresh brewed.  The food so followed, a little pacing would have been ok.  The soup was the best thing I had, beans, rice cheese.  Very tasty.  The cheese rellenos was different, mild green chile wrap in egg roll and fryed.  I ate the whole thing.  The sides were rice and beans,  also near perfect.  This is as close to homemade you can get without crashing my friend Mary's birthday party in south Phoenix. My companions enjoyed their meals too.  It was a little salty for my taste.   We are planning a return trip soon.
5	Tonight was our 2nd time at Castillon's.  It is really a great Mexican restaurant.  It was a little busy but the owner, Johnny, does a great job getting the food out quickly and hot. The food is so flavorful. Not buried in cheese or heavy sauces. The white rice is fantastic with herbs in it. I usually order refried beans but here I've had the frijoles barrachos and love them. My husband says it tastes like the food his mother used to make. Give this restaurant a try.  It's clean and bright. You won't be sorry. The also have breakfast burritos in the morning. Try the Pork plate $7.99. Six adults and 2 kids ate tonight for $52.
5	Ate here today with the hubby and this place is awesome!  Great Mexican food not spicy but they have a great spicy green salsa!  Yum the burritos are awesome and covered in green chile so yummy!  The combination plates are huge and the rice and beans are delicious will be back to post pics!  (I ate my food too fast)
5	This place is yummy!!  Their breakfast tacos are so good. I went there for dinner tonight and got a ground beef burrito. Ready in 5 min and one of the best burritos I have ever had. A MUST TRY!!
5	Tonight was my second time for dinner.  I had the pork and my girlfriend had beef fajitas, the food was well seasoned and fresh more like home cooking.  Very clean.
4	Johnny's green sauce is excellent! The chile relleno was unique in that it was wrapped in an egg roll wrapper and deep fried instead of the traditional egg batter.  It was crispy and delicious.   Highly recommended the pork plate; meat was very tender and very flavorful. The only tiny complaint we had is that the chips were waaay too salty.  I don't know if that was just a one time thing or if those are their standard chips. The owner was very friendly and we had a good conversation with him. We would recommend trying this place.
5	Johnny is awesome, the food is great, and at a very reasonable price. I love the homemade chips and the variety of salsas especially the hot stuff. Johnny usually has the food up in two to three minutes and it's fresh and piping hot. I highly recommend this place.
5	Came in today for lunch and the owner Johnny was very nice, informative about the food and the local favorite. I got a chicken quesadilla and it was the best I ever had. Very family friendly. Will definitely be back.
5	Johnny the owner, manager, cook, cashier and greeter is AWESOME! My husband and I ordered the breakfast burritos and they were excellent. The burritos has a homemade aroma to it! We loved it! We also love the salsa and pico de gallo, there are many various type of salsa and you can have as much as you like! In addition to our visit, Johnny gave us four free burritos to take home! He is one of sweetest owner I have met. It is oblivious that he cares for his customers. Awesome food, awesome owner, awesome place! Very clean too. I highly recommend and I will be coming back myself.
5	Really friendly service. Good food good salsas! The breakfast burritos are one of the best in the neighborhood and the price is awesome.
4	Tried this place purely by Yelp Reviews and location. Wanted something different for breakfast so wanted to try the chorizo breakfast burrito for $3.00.When I went to pick up the burrito,  they had a selection of home made salsas so I tried a few and when I got home to open the bag the owner placed 2 burritos in the bag.Was a great surprise! The burrito was of normal size and not of one of the xxxbertos or chipotle. Pretty good mix of eggs chorizo and potatoes. Not a fancy place but good food at a inexpensive price.Will co.e back to try other items.
5	I have been coming here at least two times every week now and Johnny has NEVER disappoint me. The food is always so good, fresh, fast and affordable. This is a must try place! :)
5	Good food, owner is very friendly and welcoming.  My husband and I have been here several times.
4	Small owner run business.  Give it a try!  We saw a small ad for this newer restaurant and being that there are few really good Mexican restaurants near us, gave it a chance.  It is in a small strip shopping center near the Harkins theater we go to often.  The owner greeted us personally, offered us chips and drinks while we were deciding what to order.  You place your order at the counter, then the cook brought us our food.  Very homey food, much like I would make myself (but usually don't as it is labor intensive)  I tried three different tacos on the combo plate.  The carne asada, carnitas, and machaca meats in my tacos were quite good.  The tacos could have been cooked a little crispier but were still good.  The star of my meal though was the rice and borrachas beans.  Not sure how he makes the rice- white rice with some good spices and buttery tasting.  The beans were mostly whole pintos, but in a spiced sauce with big pieces of ham in it.  I could have eaten the rice and beans alone and been content!  Hubby got the carnitas burro smothered in green sauce and a guacamole tostado. Carnitas meat very tasty, big chunks of tender pork.  Our only suggestion is less salt added to the meats and especially the green chili sauce- he was unable to eat the outside of his burro as it was just too salty.  All in all though we will return to this cute (and clean, a big plus with me) place.  Hope Johnny Castillon (owner) can make a go of it as we need more good Mexican restaurants up in North Phoenix.
4	Second time visiting this week. Excellent salsas and the food is always fresh and hot.
4	You scan the menu and are greeted by the same standards that you see at countless Mexican spots in the Valley.  The difference?  These items are executed excellently, efficiently, and by an endearing staff.  The complimentary chips and salsa are top shelf and their unique take on the chile relleno is worth making the drive.  New Mexico done right.
5	Just tried this new retaurant the last couple of days, once for dinner and once for lunch.  Johnni runs the place all by himself, and the food here is OUTSTANDING.  Real Mexican food with fresh, homemade ingredients, and best of all you don't get all salted out like so many other Mexican Food places.  A modest setting, but you get great chips and a salsa bar where you choose your favorite sauces, all of them are excellent.  The food, and we have tried them all now, is absolutely delicious with both red and green sauces hard to choose which is best.  Fresh ingredients go on everything, and the rellanos stuffed chiles are wrapped in egg roll wrapper and deep fried, which sounds different but turns out to be a brilliant idea.  The owner is a terrific guy who clearly understands food, and his recipes are his family's.  The prices are good, and you can order and take out which makes it easy to take food home for the family.  Nothing here is not excellent.  We are going back at least once a week from now on.  Must give this place a try.
3	After reading the reviews I thought I was in for a treat. The food was O.K. Not as great as the other reviews made it sound. I was under the impression that the hard taco shells were home made, they looked and tasted like store bought, that was disappointing. The food over all lacked salt. It could of used it to bring out the flavors and brighten it up. You should give them a try and form your own opinion....The man at the counter was very nice though, if that counts.
3	HUGE portions, street style food. I wish it was a little more seasoned. my wet burrito was a little bland..maybe this is was a one time mishap...definitely would love to come by and try a few other items.
5	The food was plentiful and price is right! Went with my buddies for lunch and everyone had something different- The food that I got was the sloppy burrito - which was a shredded chicken with beans rice sour cream and a free drink! Definitely recommend it!
