4	The new location at Northlake Mall is insanely popular, so be prepared to wait for up to an hour or more to be seated.It is popular for a reason though: excellent food and great service.The lettuce wraps are a perfect appetizer, and in my experience, any of the chicken dishes are superb.The prices are also better than you might expect. A single person can have a nice meal and a few beers and get out for around $20. Not bad.The portions are also a decent size. There is plenty if you'd like to take some home, but they don't overload you, nor do you go home hungry.The bar area is small, but a great place to wait for your name to be called, and if you're lucky you may snag a table there or outside on the small patio area.Of course, there is quite a bit of jostling for these prime pieces of real-estate, and it can bring out the more interesting characteristics of a person's personality.I'm docking one star due to the excessive wait times, but this is really due to the restaurant's popularity than to any organizational problems. Still, when it comes to food this tasty, I hate to wait! Four stars for you!
5	I gave up on asian food until i ate their food. Delicious and at a decent price. it does get pretty busy on weekends so expect to wait a bit for a table. try the lettuce wraps!
5	One of my favorites in the area.  I have been for lunch and dinner numerous times and if they served breakfast I'd be there too.  Service is great and the food is awesome.  The place is insanely packed most nights of the week so make reservations, do take out or be prepared to wait.  I ordered take out once and they actually gave my order to someone else.  The hostess figure it out, notified me, apologized profusely and the manager comped me about 50% of the bill and had new food in record time.  All without my asking for anything to be done - these people get service and how to deliver it!
2	Too expensive, kind of plan, not enough portion for the price and not authentic asian food! The only thing I like about PF Chang is their drink menus. Otherwise service kind of sucks and so does the food. They are super busy also; so be prepare to wait to eat overly price food. I heard the PF Chang is a lot better in the South Park area, but having the experience I did at this PF Chang I don't think I want to waste my time again.
4	Veg lettuce wraps, coconut curry vegetables, sze chuan asparagus....,
5	I have never been to Asia and am no authority on "authentic" or "inauthentic" Asian cuisine, as I am sure most people are not. I am not bothered by these titles and therefore dined at P.F. Chang's for the first time without any clear expectations other than a great meal. It was a friend's birthday and she wanted a small group to meet at P.F. Chang's for dinner. We sampled almost every appetizer on the menu and a great many entrees and from then on I was in love. Every dish I have had has been fantastic. They are very accommodating, as they offer a gluten free menu and many vegetarian options. They have a happy hour with discounted appetizers and drinks which is a really great way to try their appetizers for a lot less money. They also offer a "Warrior Card" which gets you 10% off your entire purchase and access to other goodies via email. They food is always great and really tastes like some love was put into it, an experience one does not often get in a chain restaurant. The staff is always very nice and incredibly helpful. On many occasions, the manager has presented coupons to diners to use on their next visit just as a thank you for dining with them. I took my mom to P.F. Chang's for her birthday (its her favorite) and our waiter brought us a complementary beef dish to ensure we had all proteins represented! I have never had a bad experience but I will say that this location in particular is very hospitable so I would recommend it for your first time. Don't let its lack of authenticity or the sheer fact that its a chain keep you from giving it a try.
3	Atmosphere is everything here. Great for date nights. Great service. We went on a weekend and it was slammed. The room was noisy. Food was overly salty and greasy. Average quality. Had the appetizer, dinner and dessert. Waiters always expect extra here. 30% min. otherwise they will glare.
3	I went to PF Chang's several years ago in Minnesota and was not impressed but I am always open to giving it another try.  The environment was very pleasant with great space and lively activity in the many rooms and outdoor area.  The service was courteous and friendly but the food lacked any level of impressiveness.It was not good.  For the reputation and expansion they have undergone I would have expected better quality food.For happy hour or just light appetizers, this place is great for groups or friends but for a full dining experience, I would try another place.
3	I have been to 3 P.F. Chang's in my lifetime and this is my least favorite.  Just took my girlfriend there this weekend for her birthday celebration, and P.F. Chang's was the worst part of the evening.  Now don't get me wrong we had an amazing evening so in retrospect P.F. Chang's was A-OK.I suggest making reservations especially on the weekends this is the busiest one I have been to.  The hostess wasn't that great took an hour for us to be seated even though I made reservations.  Was not happy, the great thing was the food here.  If you don't care about eating bad food for you get the lettuce wraps they are delicious.  I had the ginger chicken and broccoli which was great also.  Very large portion sizes for dinner be aware.The atmosphere was beautiful, but if you are looking for something intimate or romantic stay away just way to loud and open for that feeling.  I suggest going to the P.F. Chang's in Phillips Place personally.  Not as many kids, more of a adult feel.I would suggest P.F. Chang's anytime, just maybe not this one based on the situation.
4	Four of us went at 7:00pm on a Wednesday night and it was busy with a wait list. We forgot to call ahead and so we went to the bar area to wait (which was also full). There is an outside patio area off of the bar, but we chose to stay inside. We did not have to wait very long (20 minutes). The staff was friendly and efficient. Our appetizers were delicious and I ordered the lemon-grass shrimp as my entree (one of my Favs). The manager came back and apologized that they were out of that dish, so I ordered the Ginger Salmon. He then sent us some complimentary shrimp dishes! I was so full that I took home the salmon for dinner the next evening (it was delicious)! I really appreciated the extra effort they made.
4	Great date night place!  We, fortunately, made reservations (highly recommended) as there is a wait on a Monday night.  We were seated promptly and the manager was very attentive in the interim between the seating and our server.   We partook in a predinner cocktail and it was oh so fantastic!!  This is a great place to come if you have someone who doesn't eat  a lot of meat as they have vegan and vegetarian friendly dishes that are Great!
4	I have been to Pf Changs many times. It is by far not my favorite restaurant but they do have good food. It is for sure one of those restaurants that everyone needs to at least try a couple times. It is not usually a place I pick to go to but. It tends to be the place my friends pick when we all go out. It is always over crowded no matter which location you go to. I honestly have not decided if it is over priced yet or if the prices are right on. The food is tasty but not close to being authentic Chinese that I am used to from back home. They do have the original lettuce wraps that every place seems to have now and certainly no one else can match. They do have some great desserts as well. Ultimately they are to good for just three stars and maybe not quite four stars but they are definitely somewhere in between.
4	This was excellent- very very busy - so we sat in the bar area which worked out great.  Apps are awesome - Changs Ribs and Chicken Lettuce wraps - outstanding.  The Mongolian Beef was out of this world.
3	As a former PF Chang's bartender, I will level with you and tell you that this is straight-up overpriced crap.  That being said, it's delicious crap!  Stop ordering Chicken and Lettuce wraps, it's just machine-separated chicken waste in brown sauce with water chestnuts.  Instead, get the ahi tuna or salt-and-pepper calamari.  For entrees, try the wok-charred beef, chicken with black bean sauce, wok-seared lamb, shrimp with candied walnuts, sichuan from the sea, and garlic noodles.  Don't waste your time with chang's chicken, you can get General Tso's at any chinese place for a third of the price.  The mini desserts are a good idea, and the specialty drinks are all very good.  And no, nothing comes with an egg roll.
5	There was a bunch of us, which do frequent this location at Northlake!   We had everything from the lettuce wraps. Which Are my favorite, Mongolian beef. Ribs. Garlic noodles and most of all the Delish 6 tier chocolate cake!!!! It is  always fabulous and service is usually impeccable, as it was tonight.  Ti our waiter was addorable and on the money.  We love the manger Jason!!  We will be visiting you in Southpark soon!!
4	I know, I know.... It's a chain.  I hate chains. But... lets look at my record.  5 Stars for Del Friscos.  5 + "Regular" status at Ruth's Chris Uptown.  Lotta love for Showmars.  OK Mr. Foodie Doofus.  Get over your bad self...I'll just come out and say it.  I really, really like PF Changs!  This food has nice flavors.  Heck even the texture, yes texture, of the Hot and Sour Soup makes me happy.  My favorite dish by far is the Mongolian Beef.  Such a simple thing of sliced steak, green onions and a brown sauce.  But its just so darn good!  The steak is always tender and just tastes yummy with its sort of wok seared edges.  Hard to even describe.  Hell, they may even deep fry the stuff for all I know.  Whatever...  Keep it up!Service is always fast, friendly and efficient too.  This is a place where it's very clear they spend a lot of time on training and it shows.See you there soon.  Did I mention I hate chains?
4	Right. I know you already know this is a chain & it's "Americanized" Chinese food. Oh well...I like it!As with other places, I crave PF Changs every so often.  I could marry their chicken lettuce wraps! They're a must every time I go.  Now for entrees, I go with the Kung Pao Shrimp (HUGE shrimp!) & egg drop soup. Perfect tempature upon arriving at the table...always.Oh & they have the PF Changs for Two option. All I can say is DO IT! It's a value conscious decision! Each person gets a choice of soup, an appetizer (starter), choice of entree & 2 desserts. So necessary!Because the mall is right behind it & it's on a major highway, be prepared to wait. They stay busy. I like their take out option too. They are always so friendly, throughly go through your order, & make sure you're happy.The wait staff are nice, personable & professional.  The resturaunt is always clean, too.
4	I love this P.F. Changs! The staff is very professional and they do go the extra mile! I had just a little bit of my meal left to box up and take home and my server offered to throw some extra brown rice in there for me so I could have a complete meal! The manager stopped by to greet us which I always apprieciate. Kung Pao Scallops are great!Calamari is really tasty!Can't wait to return!
5	I recently went to P.F. Chang's with my best friend, and we had not only great food but amazing service. Our waiter Rick, was amazing, very helpful and prompt. Lately, I have encounter so many waiters and waitresses that hate their job, that it was refreshing to see somebody enjoying it. It makes you want to come back. So if you go to P.F Chang's lettuce wraps are a must, the salt and pepper calamari is delicious, and leave some room for their mind blowing banana spring rolls and don't forget to request for Rick, so far the best waiter I had in Charlotte.
5	One of the best customer service experiences I've ever had... and the food ROCKS!Their servers are knowledgeable, attentive and fun.  I'm not a big fan of 'chain' restaurants because I'm a local-foodie, but this PF Chang's has become a regular stop for our family gatherings.  The Dynamite Shrimp, Crab Rangoon, Veggie Lettuce Wraps are FANTASTIC! The Hunan Hot Fish is outstanding!
2	I really wanted to like PF Changs, unfortunately they just didn't do it for me. We went on a Wednesday night around 7, and the place was packed. Dining room, was VERY loud. A friend of mine made me promise I would try the Changs spicy chicken, as it is his fav dish there. Let me say for $16, i was expecting a lot more than a mediocre plate of chicken, with a tiny bowl of dry white rice (not sticky at all). They couldn't even cook rice right??? Something was seriously wrong. The service was trying way to hard, to be way fancier than they are. Someone else mentioned the "better than you" attitude that seems to exude from the wait staff, and I couldn't agree more. They were pretentious, and overbearing. Couldn't help but giggle at the nicely dressed wait staff walking around with their noses up, and white Chinese take out boxes on trays. A walking contradiction?? I have paid $5 for takeout that blows away the entree that I ordered that night. Also knowing that you can buy these famous entrees, frozen now, in the grocery store has cheapened the product. Just just pick up your stir fry right next to the TGI Fridays frozen mozz sticks. PF Changs is having a identity crisis. Are you fancy and overpriced? Yet still serve mediocre food?? Why is this place so popular???Overall I would never go back, just not for me.
5	Christmas came and went and I made bank this year and got $225 in gift cards. For some reason though my family thinks I live at P.F. Chang's cause that is where all the gift cards were for.  I mean I am no going to complain about free food money. So of course I could not resist, so me and my wife went a couple of days after Christmas for lunch.     First off we have been here before a good number of times. We are far from regulars, but we enjoy ourselves once in a while. Granted it is not super fancy expensive, it still a bit much to go every week on my salary. Getting that gift card is a nice little treat to start the year off.     We arrived a P.F. Chang's around 2pm on Wednesday, Dec. 28. I would call that a nice lunch time hour and we must have shown up right after the rush, because the parking lot was pretty full, place was packed, and NO WAIT!!! Now there is something very important that you must do when you are greeted by the Host/Hostess; ask if Ja'twann is working. Ja'twann is by far one of the best servers I have ever had. He has been working there for a few years now, since I first went to P.F. Chang's. He is a nationally certified trainer, and an awesome guy. Also for all my fellow comic/video game/movie lovers out there he is the server for you. So if you want some awesome service, a charismatic server, a P.F. Chang super star, and overall nice guy, you need to have Ja'twann be your server.      Now since we had all this moolah, we decided on our first free trip we would splurge. Why not??? We started out with 2 appetizers. I am sucker for steamed pork dumplings and my wife loves their fired green beans. Now they always bring out a little dish of sauces which are delicious and spicy. The server, Ja'twann in our case, usually will offer to make you a tasty mixed sauce if you are interested. The apps arrived in a timely manner and were quickly devoured. The dumplings are superb. They are plump nice sized dumplings that are nice little preparation for what is to come. The wife loves the green beans, the batter they use is really good. Appetizers were definitely on a Jet li: Bruce Lee ratio of awesomeness     For our actual lunch we ate very well. I ordered the ChengDu spiced lamb and my wife ordered the Vegetable double pan-fried noodles. After chatting and killing time with Ja'twann, since no once else really came in after us, our food came.  And boy was is good. The lamb was banging, just awesome. It had just the perfect amount of spice to get that little burn, but had a very nice cool minty undertone to keep it from being scorching. I was totally impressed. I got a good portion of rice. I am never really happy when I get a ton of rice and a little meat. So the portion size for me was perfect. I could not find anything negative on this dish at all. Wifey enjoyed her noodles. Direct quote "Loved them!!!" took our time eating and enjoyed every last bite, well the Mrs. took the rest of hers home. Overall I would put main entree, using the same awesomeness scale, at a Donnie Yen:Bruce Lee.     Since we wee living it up I had to order the most amazing desert they have, in my opinion. I am proud member of CU, Chocolaholics Unanonymous, so I ordered a slice of  The Great Wall of Chocolate. This thing is a whopping 6 layers of decadent deliciousness. AND it has mini choco chips on the outside icing!!!! So moist and soft and every other amazing thing you think it should be.Needless to say I ate that thing whole and thought my stomach was going to burst. This little morsel receives a shirtless Bruce Lee after smashing a guy in the face with a 5 second WAHHH!!!!!        Overall I think P.F. Chang's is a great restaurant. It has a great variety of foods,  with nice options for vegetarians and some choices for those who go gluten free.  Looking for a nice place to go on a date with your special someone, or nice family gathering? Definitely a place to consider. I mean Beyonce's sister ate here with a Carolina Panther, if I remember correctly, so it must be half way distant hehe. Besides, you will always have a good experience, as long as you know who to ask for. P.S The few times I have been here I have had some wanna-be good service, this crazy bitch who was very rude, but overall friendly staff.
5	We had dinner here around Christmas.  There were six of us.  PF Chang's did a great job.  The food was incredible.  We shared at least ten different dishes and they were all great.  The fried  string beans were especially memorable.  They have these desserts that come in shot glasses (mousse, key lime, etc.) that were the perfect way to finish our meal.  We've always like PF Changs.
4	Good Food. Noisy,Great Staff.1/2 hr late being seated for reservation, but manager brought out bowl of fruit to keep my 4 yr old from loosing it. They kept us informed often, an apologized.  Manager paid for all 3 of our appetizers. Waitress was super nice and made 2 great recommendations.  Kung pao shrimp still the best I've ever had.Got 20% off the bill in our Chinese New Year card.  Great night.
5	Great food and atmosphere. Friend staff and consistently great tasting food. Don't miss a lunch or dinner there. Oliver
4	Simply amazing food. I go here often with family and friends. Prices are decent and you can order appetizer and entree without breaking the bank. You might want to set a reservation at this location on the weekends because it is always crowded. I also have the P.F. Chang Warrior Card of which if you can get 10% off your meal. Sign up if you are a regular like me and use it!Appetizers: Shrimp Dumplings, Crab Wontons, and the Dynamite Shrimp are my favs. Dinner Entrees: Shrimp Fried Rice, Beef with Broccoli, Sesame Chicken, Crispy Honey Chicken, Orange Peel Shrimp, Lo Mein Combo are my favs.The quality of the food is good and I have never had a problem with the service as well.
4	I truly love everything about PF Chang's I don't get the chance to go often and when I do I am usually very happy with my food.  I love my warrior card that gives me great discounts every time I stop in.  I think PF Chang's has done a great job marketing themselves in this economy offering good food at great prices.  That being said I stopped in for lunch last week and was so disappointed with the food and lunch specials in general.  I ordered a tofu dish with veggies and brown rice the specials come with a choice of soup or salad which is great and the prices range from $7 to $16 or so a dish.  Anyways I had to dig through my veggies just to find 1 of the maybe 5 pieces of tofu that were actually in my dish.  My coworker ordered the sesame chicken and he had a lot more shrimp then chicken in his dish oops.  Good thing he wasn't allergic to shellfish.  Overall the service was good but I will not be coming back for lunch.
4	One of the only chain restaurants I like. Lunch and dinner have both been delicious.
5	Orange Chicken!!! Can't be beat anywhere. The Northlake location always seems to be overly busy and the wait is often very long but it is always worth the wait. The service is always excellent no matter how crowded the restaurant is which is very nice.
5	I intended to go to a BBQ restaurant but it was closed. So we thought it's late. PF Chang closes at 11:00 that was closed by. My last experience with PF Chang in LA was pricy & no big deal caused I'm Asian origin.With my friend, I thought he would like to try. The place too dark for me who's after 50 to read the menu. I should bring my flash light. (Forgot I've an app with my Iphone)Surprised me, they had 4 courses dinner set for 2 @$39 that wasn't too bad.We chose 2 different soups egg drop & hot & sour.  Haha! I mixed them.I also picked the chicken wrap. That's taste good even without sauce. (That's Chinese dishes should be)Love steamed fish. We picked steamed salmon (extra ginger & green onion) & almond & cashew chicken. Both were excellent.I needed a little more seasoned soy sauce for fish.I could hardly find cashew but the dish tasted good.Sorry, I was too picky.  But we enjoyed the dinner with dessert of tiramisu.If you've tiny stomach, it's enough for 3 persons.  Just add a dessert.They also have lunch set of less than $10 that looks quite good.This time, that has changed my last experience. Sure will go back again.
4	Once you get over the rather long wait at the bar, everything is really good. Saturday afternoon at 2 pm and the place was jammed. Got our usual chicken lettuce wraps (still so tasty), Asian BBQ ribs (meaty and OK), and entrees of honey chicken and salt and pepper prawns.  You may pay a bit more at PF's, but the food quality is consistently good.
4	Had dinner here with a colleague last night.  It is very close to my office and we seem to find our way in at least 3 or 4 times a month for lunch or dinner. Had my first disappointing meal here in over 3 years of coming in.  What I had isn't really important other than to say it was way over cooked.  Burnt in fact.  And so tough i could hardly chew it.So why the 4 stars?  Because of the way they handled the situation.  The waitress checked in after I had given my best and ate about half of the meal.  I told her about the situation and after apologies, brought the manager over immediately.  He offered to replace the meal without even making me repeat my complaint.  As I had already eaten appetizers, soup (both of which were great) and half the entree I said no, that would not be required and thanked him for the offer.  At this point I was satisfied with the attention because as I said, this was my first disappointment and everyone has a bad day now and then.  He then stated he would remove the entree from our bill without me saying another word.  He graciously apologized, thanked us for our business, and said he hoped we would come in again.Now THAT's great service.
4	Considering it is walking distance from the Drury Hotel this PF Chang's is one of the places I commonly visit when I am down in Charlotte on Business. The food is always good and the service is usually quick and friendly. It is good to go with a few people as sampling everything you can is a good thing. Would I go out of my way to visit any PF Chang's? No probably not, would I recommend this one if you are looking for some something in the area good to eat? Yes.
4	I've always enjoyed both the food and the atmosphere here. The chicken lettuce wraps on the appetizer menu are one of my favorite items. Nice service when sitting at the bar and I always need a takeout container for leftovers.
4	It was great service. And the food was pricey but good.
3	We enjoy dining at PFChangs Northlake, but the service and attention is spotty. Last night we had reservations and were seated in a nice area after just a short wait. The server was vivacious, but so busy she was distracted. She took our order and that's the last we saw of her until after dinner. The apps came out one at a time (ours and then my son's 10-15 min later). Then their entrees came, but mine was a good 10 min later...all delivered by different people. When a salmon dish arrived, we asked if it was the Norwegian salmon my husband ordered or  the steamed salmon I ordered. He had no idea and literally put it on the table and walked away. A manager stopped by and we were going to say something constructive, but she gabbed on about my husbands golf hat it was hard to get a word in. It seems they are all in such a rush they can't focus on making sure the details of serving a table run smoothly. It may be a while, but we hope to have a better experience next time.
1	I love Changs food but I want to send a warning to Celiacs --do NOT TRUST the gluten-free menu.  I had read reviews all over the country about celiacs who got sick eating there but I had to find out for myself.  It's true.  I think they should just remove the gluten-free section from the menu because it's misleading.  I should mention that this was the Phillips Place location.
5	One of my staples. Service is knowledge and friendly. The atmosphere is intimate and comfortable. Food is delicious; my favorites include the Mongolian beef and the Kung pao chicken.
4	MENU CHANGED! But we went away happy. When favorite restaurants make changes without asking US, it can get dicey ;-) Last week at PFC Northlake, wife Shannon, 8 yr old Roxanna and I were handed a new, single sheet, folded "summer menu." After getting over the shock of not having the traditional 'book' to leaf through, we noticed Shannon's favorite MISSING...no Szechuan Scallops! We pondered her options over Crispy Green Beans which were great. While Roxanna went for her usual, Steamed Pork Dumplings, Shannon and I ventured out. I was happy with Street Noodles, but Shannon who LOVES DUCK, ordered the Peking Duck Summer Rolls and could only taste lemon grass, something she enjoys, but was overpowering (unlike the scarce duck) . Our server Mariam whisked them away and remained vigilant, suggesting that the chef HAD scallops, and Szechuan sauce and would be happy to make her favorite. HAPPY GIRL when they arrived, and I stole one of them as I often do--have to say they were as fantastic as usual! Meanwhile, manager Chris stopped by to check on us and explained what we were experiencing. Apparently Northlake is one of a handful of 'pilot stores' that test new concepts (although I have noticed articles about the summer menu being 'national'). And our server believed we would be seeing a new menu in each of four seasons moving forward.  So ultimately we found our visit intriguing. We like what we like, so we hope that with each seasonal change, Chang's keeps some favorites (Szechuan Scallops please!), and/or that they stay willing to create off the menu if/when they can. We will definitely return for favorite flavors, and to see if we fit in with their new ideas.By the way, Chris made sure we tried something new (to us) that he was SURE we would like: Banana Spring Rolls (with coconut ice cream) for dessert. Absolutely fantastic, and one of several reasons why, after starting rocky, we went away HAPPY from PFC Northlake.
1	The worst chinese food ever. The shrimp lo mein tasted burnt.
5	Love, love this place. Ambiance is always very intimate but casual enough where if you're with your entire family or mom you don't feel out of place. All waitstaff are extremely friendly and attentive, which I look for when dining out. I went here with my 4 month old and mother. We had a table of four, but only needed three seats as they were more than willing to move the 4th chair for the stroller space.  As soon as we sat down, our waiter was there to take our drink order. We got the 2 for $40 and tried a few different things. The lettuce wraps are delicious. They don't usually come with a dipping sauce or anything, but it's really not needed. For entrees, we got Honey Crispy Shrimp and Spicy Scallops. Both were awesome.  The only reason we didn't eat all at one time was to save some for next time.  Overall, great dining experience. For an affordable, intimate, semi-formal date night, this is a good option.
5	I love the fresh options available at P.F. Chang's. This location in particular had excellent service. Our waiter had stellar drink recommendations and kept our water full at all times. He always checked on us to see if we needed anything. The summer menu is off the chain! The ambiance and location are superb as well. Five stars all the way!
5	I went out lunch and was very impressed the service provided was top notch and the food was awesome I ordered the Pad Thai and the lettuce wraps and hot sour soup as an appetizer everything that came out was fresh and on point I think I just found another favorite spot.....
4	PF Changs, salt and pepper calamari, chicken lettuce wraps, home made egg rolls, lo mein, fried rice, beef with broccoli, egg drop soup, and hot & sour soup are good. The bbq ribs are ok. The chicken noodle soup is my favorite. Nice decore and atmosphere. Clean.
1	Very Dissatisfied. I just called to order from the online menu and they don't make what we ordered (3 items)anymore. I understand restaurants change up menus, but please update you site accordingly as well. Additionally, if your going to have someone answer the phone, make sure they know how to talk.
1	The frozen p.f changs taste better than this! We got the four course for two. To start the soup smelled like cat urine and was not even edible. The calamari appetizer was simply ok. (not cooked very well at all) The chicken was fatty and tasted rather old. The dessert (great wall of chocolate) was actually pretty good minus the raspberry sauce. The atmosphere is pretty cool and super nice however the food is definitely not up to par. The service wasn't very good either.  I will never waste another $70 on this place. I'd rather go to a restaurant that's worth spending that. A Chinese buffet would have been the better option and definitely a lot cheaper!
3	Lettuce Wraps! Most people get a little crazy/weird about how much they love P.F. Chang's lettuce wraps. After a busy day shopping at the near by Northlake Mall, my group of 4 stopped into P.F. Chang's to re-fuel and rest our feet. P.F. Chang's is located at a stand alone store outside the mall.  There is plenty of parking, but I would imagine that this location can get pretty busy during peak times. I ordered a cup of egg drop soup and the chicken Pad Thai. I'm a big fan of egg drop soup and I like the crunchy bits they bring as a topping. From what others were saying at the table, the hot and sour soup is apparently pretty hot here. The Pad Thai came served with a lime and two very large spoons.  The spoons kind of confused me, but the noodles and sauce were really tasty. 2 people at the table split the lunch for two. For $40 you get a cup of soup, an appetizer, two entrees, and a dessert. There is also a lunch special for an entree for $9.95 or $10.95. Service was a little off on my most recent visit.  It took the waitress quite some time to take our order and bring us some straws.  We arrived before the big lunch rush, so the delay wasn't because the restaurant was packed.  After she brought the soups and straws, we did not see her again until after we had finished eating.  The supplemental waiters were helpful with refilling our drinks and getting us our meal.  P.F. Chang's is pretty good for chain food.  I think it is generally over priced despite a few specials and the service can be a little spotty.  There is no shortage of food here though and you are really paying for two meals. Nothing overly positive, negative, or memorable about this location.
4	We went on a Saturday and had to wait a bit but had a drink at the bar. Everyone was so friendly and the food is sooooo good. We had the lunch special and it was plenty. If you use Yelp they also have a spend 40.00 and get 10.00 off . Well worth it. Coming from the NY/CT area we are glad to have found a good Chinese place. I had the shrimp and orange and was wonderful. Jay had the mongolian beef, a bit salty for me but he liked it. The hot and sour soup is amazing
2	The Wait was an hour when we were told it would be 15 minutes.  The cashew chicken was bad, over cooked with sauce the was flavorless.   The server was nice.  I won't be back.
4	This restaurant is very good! Love the shrimp dumplings and the Kung Pao Chicken. The wonton soup is pretty killer too and so are the lettuce wraps. Love the deep friend bananas for dessert with that coconut ice cream. Delish!
5	There are so many favorite dishes in here. Chicken lettuce wraps would be our favorite appetizer.  The sea bass, Mongolian beef, beef a la Sichuan, Kung pao shrimp, and finally salt and pepper prawn. This is one of our usual place for dinner.   They used to have the PF Chang for two for $39.99 was a great deal wish they would have it gain with same old menu.
5	Shannon wanted to get out for some "fresh flavors" last night so we dropped in early. We enjoyed the usuals, crispy green beans and pot stickers as well as szechuan scallops (off menu) and kung pao chicken. PJ took great care of us and Chris stopped by to say hello...he then previewed their WINTER MENU COMING JAN 27! Lots of things sound good so we'll have to check it out. He started talking NEW DESSERT WONTONS and when he hinted that the chefs were already on it, we asked if we could order. They're a little chewy--hey, they're not puff pastry--but both the vanilla cream and chocolate raspberry (our favorite) were delicious! I think our favorite part of this stop was getting the impression that both server PJ and manager Chris are INTO the food at PFC and enjoy what they do. Thanks, guys!
3	Ambiance- ASanitation score- A+ on the wall but they were a strong B. Service- A+. Our server was great!Food- C. Save your money and eat at the local Chinese joint. They have the same food with the exception of their egg rolls.
2	I love pf changs.... But don't expect the normal high level of customer service at this location.... Very slow and unimpressive service. You might want to order 2 or 3 drinks up front because you won't get a refill at all even if u ask for one.... But the food is great!!!
4	Came here on Valentine's Day because it was one of the few restaurants that took reservations and also stayed open late (had reservations for 10:30). The ambiance was lovely. Our server, Ryan, was pretty laid back but still attentive. Me and the boyfriend settled on the 2 for $30 which came with an app, 2 entrees, and dessert. The apps took forever to come because the food runner sent them to the wrong table. The entrees came quickly and was served family style so we had shrimp fried rice and some type of chicken and broccoli. I usually hate chicken with glazes and other runny looking stuff on it but it was delicious. The shrimp fried rice that I ordered left much to be desired- I've had better at the mall. We got the sweet treats. Boyfriend got a snickers style treat and I got a salted caramel treat. Dessert was just like any you would get from a chain restaurant- probably taken from the freezer and thrown in the microwave but it was still pretty good.Overall the ambiance was great, the food didn't blow my socks off but it was still pretty good- I left with a full stomach and plenty of leftovers, and the service was excellent.
3	Place was packed on Saturday evening and the receptionist was quite arrogant because of that. I know when the restaurant is empty, they tend to be much nicer with arriving customers. Meals in general are delicious but we were disappointed with the quality of meat in both the Mongolian Beef and Pepper Steak. Menu says "tender pieces of steak" but the meat was as bad as any other cheaper Chinese joints. The Crab Won Ton was a major disappointment with a tiny little cream cheese twisted inside the shell and no taste of crab whatsoever. The so called " Prawns" are basically large shrimps. We have had prawns in Louisiana and Australia as well. Two of those will actually make a meal!! Please change the menu to read Jumbo Shrimps. And please remove the description " Tender" from your beef meals. Service and ambiance/ decor are quite good.
1	Everything was extremely salty. The $25 sea bass was extremely salty. Sauce had no thickening, dish had no garnish. What a waste of quality ingredient. The side order dish had no seasoning but soy sauce.
3	First, I would like to start out by saying when ordering from this restaurant you should eat there because the takeout portions pale in comparison, yet the prices are the same.  I got the chicken lo mein, pork dumplings, and beef and broccoli.  The pork dumplings did not have a good flavor or texture. The amount of dumplings that came in the order totaled out to be over a dollar each, and there was not much substance to them.  The chicken lo mein was very good, but a bit dry. The lo mein was probably the only dish that had a good price compared to the amount of food given. The beef and broccoli had a great flavor, but they try to trick you by loading the dish with broccoli and not a lot of meat.  I paid way to much money for the beef and broccoli dish for what they gave me.  The amount of sauce they gave was laughable, huge containers with a shake of sauce. If you have the time dine at the restaurant, the portions there seem to be a lot more than the takeout portions.
5	This was my second visit to this restaurant. Once again the experienced was totally enjoyable. We were a party of three and we got seated in less than 5 minutes. The server came just after the hostess left. Our server jot down our drinks and brought them back pretty quick. My family and I went with the Mongolian Beef, Hot and sour soup, combo of lo mein. The food  came in just after we finish our appetizer. Steamed dumplings. We definitively coming back to try other plates.
4	Always Busy, the best suitable word for this location of PF Changs. Me and my wife have been many times here now and we love the Firecracker Shrimps with Veggie Dumplings pan fried which is just slurpy n mouth watering..Service is great. Would love to say that ask for Gordon and I bet you will be delighted by his services. He is a very professional and one of the best servers I have ever interacted with in food industry.We r coming every time here. You guys are awesome.
4	The bar is always a great option here, the staff is very good and the food is great.The orange edamame is great, spicier than the original
5	The staff at this location is always on their game  . .. they are professional, knowledgeable and extremely attentive to detail. This is the home of my favorite bartender in charlotte,  Josh. . . Ask him to create a lucky cat martini for you . ..  its not on the menu . .. but oh so good!
1	I have always loved PF Chang's but they last two times at this location have been horrible. The first time was a month ago service was horribly slow and food was terrible.  Was in the mood for Chinese tonight. Thought I would give it another try tonight, we got take out instead of dining in. It was just as bad. The girl checking us out didn't know what she was doing. As far as our food is was horrible too..There was maybe a half a hand full of the crispy rice noodles with the lettuce wraps..Nothing was good. Order Egg Rolls, we didn't even eat those just because everything else was just so nasty. The worst 40 dollars I have spent in a while. I am better off going to one of the Chinese places in a strip mall.
2	Chang's has always been one of my favorites but lately it seems like their food is going down hill.We ordered my regular,  Garlic Noodles and they were very salty. Main dish was the Chang's Spicy chicken.  The dish was extremely spicy hot, never had a bad serving of that before. Our server was mediocre,  nothing to write home about.
3	The food is decent. Portions are large for the price. Service is nice but soooooo slow. The last three times I've been here, it's taken 2.5 hrs for a simple meal (app and entree, no dessert or coffee). The FRIED GREEN BEANS appetizer is unhealthy but very tasty. There is a thick crunchy coating on the beans, and the dipping sauce is spicy. I asked if they could do CHANG'S SPICY CHICKEN WITH TOFU, and it was no problem. I chose the 5 spice baked tofu which was very firm and almost the texture of chicken. The sauce was sweet, similar to a sesame sauce, but overall the dish was great. Husband was very happy with PEPPER STEAK. The sauce was flavorful over a nice mix of veggies and thinly sliced beef. If it weren't for the incredibly slow service, I'd come here more often, if for no other reason than that is vegetarian friendly.
5	This was my first visit to a P.F. Chang's and it was an amazing experience. Our server Mike and the manager Molly treated me and my family like royalty. The food wash delicious and the service was phenomenal. Can't wait to go back.
1	I've been meaning to write this for a while and have kept forgetting, so here goes... I don't like writing bad reviews because I hate to judge a company based on a single bad experience. It was all pretty typical stuff at the beginning. There was a wait, so we sat at the bar & ordered food. But between that moment and when our food came out is when the problem started. Bartender's pals decided they would come up to the bar (specifically, the area where other servers typically pick up their drinks) and the three of them crowded it so the other servers could barely get in to take care of drinks for their own tables, and when they did his pals were constantly bumping into them. Not only this but they were just standing over people's drinks, not really wary of the fact that hair or spit could get in the drinks as they were talking. I might just be picky about that but I think that's disgusting. They took over my space, all huddled over my wallet and drink. Then proceeded to carry on highly inappropriate conversations with their bartender pal, as if  he wasn't working. From this point on, the only time he helped us was when he brought us our checks (quite a while after we had actually finished). While he was gabbing away about his weekend plans and girls and who's dating who (for about 30 minutes), someone else brought us our food, a bartender from across the bar came over just to re-fill our water, I had to grab another server's attention just so I could get silverware, and no one bothered to ask us how our meal was (it really wasn't terrific by the way, but that's beside the point). Meanwhile, he's pushing free drinks to his buddies. Then, worst of all, one of the bartender's pals reaches over and starts muddling a drink for him. NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! Who does this?! And who the heck lets him do it?! I certainly didn't see him wash his hands and he certainly didn't work there. Not cool dude!Now, I realize P.F. Changs isn't exactly Ruth's Chris or some 5-star-chef restaurant. However, I still expect SOME degree of professionalism on the part of the staff. At some point, I expected the bartender to look over and say, "hey guys, we're pretty busy. I'll catch up with you later." or maybe "hey guys, why don't you come down to the other end of the bar  so we can talk" (and you won't be in the way of other servers or crowding this part of the bar). The restaurant was on a 45-minute wait and the bar area was full- I'm sure he had better things to be doing at that time, instead of gabbing away and leaving the drink-mixing responsibilities to his fellow bartenders. He had responsibilities to his customers and the other servers in the restaurant, and he wasn't taking care of those responsibilities. Since he wasn't taking care of his responsibilities, other staff could have spoken to him or spoken to his pals, or a manager. If one of your coworkers is doing something that's obviously inappropriate, say something! Ask if he could have his friends move, or ask if he could help with something, just to give a hint that there are other priorities that need attention at the moment. If you're a manager and you see this going on, STOP IT! It is your responsibility to be aware of what is going on in your restaurant.Worst. Service. Ever.
5	We've been to several PF Chang and this one in North Lake is by far the best.  Crowded but there was minimal wait time, well worth the short wait. Friendly staff, let them recommend the appetizers and main course. They have the best IPA, this place rocks.
5	The staff worked with me regarding my son's food allergies. We had an awesome time eating dinner. Great atmosphere!
5	Great location, consistent experience, great food and service. I hold a lot of business lunches there and the service is always amazing!
5	Excellent food, delicious appetizers, amazing service, and a wonderful date atmosphere! Try the Korean BBQ Chicken Stir-fry!
5	This was our first trip to PF Changs! Love the fact that they brought my daughters meal out first was a huge win! We were able to help her eat her food so we could enjoy our entrees. The pan fried pork dumplings were amazing! My wife ordered the crispy honey chicken & I ordered the chicken pad Thai. Both entrees were fantastic with more than enough left over. For dessert chocolate peanut butter crunch! We were also given a $10 off coupon for our next visit.
5	The food is really good, try the beef enchiladas with hot sauce go set at the bar when the mariachies are playing drink a corona eat some chips and just enjoy yourself.
