4	It was nice having such perky faces so early in the morning. They even helped a non-coffee drinker like me discover some delicious caffinated options that I would never have noticed before.
5	best coffee ever!
4	This place has various coffee flavors but most of them have chocolate in them which I cant drink. I tried their irish sumthing coffee but I didnt like it much.  So I make my own coffee.  I get a reg iced coffee with nonfat milk &sugar free coconut syrup...Mmmm..so yummy! Great price too $2.50
5	Starbucks has nothing on Dutch Bros!!  If you want to start your day out right then stop by and pay these guys/gals a visit! Service is quick, fun, always friendly and reasonably priced. The drinks  aren't the only jewel of this location, the people that work there are amazing. They always put a smile on my face!! In addition to tons of delicious drinks Ducth Bros is always having specials as well as fundraisers for a variety of charities. I'm proud to say I'm a member of the Ditch Mafia!  Cheers
5	The staff here is so friendly, I'd come even if the coffee was terrible.  Fortunately, the coffee is awesome too!  If you haven't tried it, get out of the Starbucks line and get to Dutch Bros.
4	This one is so much better than the one on McKellips. I miss Teague (he went to Phx), but everyone else is fun and pleasant. I like all the specials they have!
5	I love this place.  Staff is extremely friendly.  Drinks are awesome and they have a kids menu.  (they love the blueberry pom shake)  Caleb is probably one of the gnarliest guys around.  A must go if you are in the area!
5	Fun staff. Not just a coffee place. They seem to really care. Locally owned is always a goo thing. Best part, Large is Large, Small is Small and Medium is called a....you get it
5	Oh, DB, you make all other coffee houses seem bland and boring and uninteresting.Seriously, their employees are like a four year old on a sugar high. They are always super excited to see you and ask about your day/weekend/life/brother/cousin/friend/car/hair. Seriously.My recommendation? An iced annihilator. Do it. You will love it. And if for some crazy looney bin reason you don't, I'm sure they would jump right up (quite literally) and make you something else your little taste buds would love.Do it. Go to DB. Tell them about your weekend at the pool and get an annihilator.You're welcome.
5	Starbucks who?! Peets whaaa?! So sad they didn't have this in SF but so glad I moved here and they have a bunch of em here! Quick awesome service without having to leave the comfort of my air conditioned car! Place to go for a sweet morning pick me up or a evening kick! Love that they look like they actually like what they do, well at least thats the vibe I get, thanks for the smile and caffeine ya'll! :)
4	We happened to be going by here and on an impulse decided to stop.It's a tiny place right on the road.  They have a drive through and a walk-up window.  When we visited there were two young, very enthusiastic people inside.  They had several coffees available, as well as some Italian soda.  My wife had the coffee, I tried the soda.  We were both very happy with our choices.  I'd probably give it 3.5 stars if I could, but I can't.  And the enthusiastic service has to count for something, so we'll go with four stars.They also have a stamp card so you can get a free beverage when you fill it.
4	Usually I'm a Starbucks girl but the Iced Chocolate Coffee I had was delicious! I look forward to trying more things!
5	Great place to go for a smile!! The staff at every Dutch Bros here and even out of state has the best employees. They are so upbeat and clearly know customer service!! This is a big deal!!I have had the energy drink with pomegranate flavor shot, yummy! Also have had the coffee drinks.. made just right! Love that they have a punch card too!Will return to a nearby  Dutch Bros!
4	Good Coffee taste with a good caffeine rush and with out breaking the wallet. Good customer service
5	Great service! 1st time experience was excellent. Really delicious coffee. My wife had the pumpkin pie and I had the cocomo. Worth the premium price that's not much different from Starbucks.They even threw in a frequent buyer card that only needed one more coffee for a freebie! We've found our new go to small coffee shop!
5	Always seeing to improve not only their quality of service but their music too. Keep on rocking y'all and I will keep on visiting.
1	How did sugar get in my coffee when I didn't ask for it? You're lucky I'm not diabetic
5	This is my favorite Dutch Bros. location in the valley. The crew is always so nice and quick and the coffee is excellent. I tend to bounce between Starbucks, Dunkin and Dutch because, let's face it... East Mesa is pretty lacking on the unique coffee shops.
5	Best coffee in our area by far!! Amazingly fast friendly and professional service and the flavors of their arabica coffee are so smooth and satisfying!! I'm quite a regular at this location and they always make it a point to remember us and are so great with my kids! My kids love their flavored milks (vanilla is top choice) they love their smoothies soooo much so fresh and flavorful and made with real fruit... They are so great to put whip cream right on the straw for my kids as a fun bonus treat! My kids also love their Italian sodas with lots and lots of flavor choices but we recommend the raspberry with extra cream and whip and especially delicious orange with extra cream and whip!! It's just like an orange creamsicle Y U M! Here's my fun mommy tip... Don't want to have to get your kids a drink every time you treat yourself to coffee (much needed caffeine lol I have 4 kids 6 and under I know:-) then ask the workers for free "whip-sticks" it's just a straw with whip cream on top and it's free and my kids love it! Another HUGE thing that DB does over Starbucks is their stamp system!! You get a stamp per drink instead of per transaction!! After 10 stamps you get a FREE drink, any drink you want! They ALSO do promos Alll the time!! You can find them locally, through text, or Facebook... Like New Year's Day they gave 3 stamps per any drink purchase and every Tuesday is double stamp day, two stamps per drink purchase! If you have a crew in your car like me go on tuesdays and  I let my kids get vanilla milks with my coffee purchase and pay less then $10 for 4 drinks and score 8 stamps towards a free drink!!! Lastly favorite drinks areIced white zombie (yup they have a "secret delicious menu" that they will share with you if you just ask) this drink is a blend of their delish coffee and vanilla and white mocha!! It's rocking no lies!!Hot white grasshopper!! Best holiday season drink! It's a white mocha and smooth mint flavored coffee party in your mouth!!And my favorite on menu drinks are the inhalator (a macadamia nut coffee) try it white!! White inhalator, iced! It's like the macadamia  nut cookies with the white Chocolate chips:)And the Cocomo! Like a mounds bar in a cup! Try it hot, iced or blended for an amazingly satisfying treat!
5	I love Dutch Brothers now!! The espresso is so good and  The staff is so friendly and not just at this location all of them!
4	This was my first visit and as soon as I walked up I loved how it just seemed like it was a party with all the music playing and flashing lights everywhere. Ordered the iced carmelizer which is basically an iced mocha with a ton of caramel in it. I've got to say I'm pretty impressed. Typically drinks like this are so sweet you can't taste the coffee, but I was pleasantly surprised that I wasn't overwhelmed by the amount of sugar. As an extra perk they even have a stamp card where if you get 10 your next one is free. I came on one of their special days so I got 9 stamps on my first ever visit! Ill definitely be back
5	Best coffee spot ever!!!!! I am in love with Dutch Bros!!!!! I went there after my co-worker kept talking to me about it. Let me say that before I was introduced to Dutch bros I was a Starbucks girl. VERY DEDICATED SBUX GIRL!My first visit there I placed my order... I forgot to say that I wanted coconut milk & I apologized and told them it was my first time at Dutch Bros. Right away every employee greeted me and I got a card full of stamps for my next visit. Every visit since has been amazing! I love how quickly I get my coffee even if there are 10 cars ahead of me. I am also a huge fan of the small talk that the employees engage in with me while I am paying/getting my coffee. The owner of Dutch Bros has this business down perfectly!!!
5	I love love love Dutch Bros.!! The workers are alway nice and conversational and the best has to be the iced cocmo. I used to go everyday bc I just love it there :)
5	Love them!!!! Plus it's a bonus when you pull up and the girl running to your car says your normal (a large double dirty white chocolate chai blended (with ice and MILK)with whip cream and sprinkles). It's a easy drink to make and they get it right every time. Unlike Starbucks, who for some reason think I want the crapachino base in it. I even have told them step by step how to make it, and they still screw it up. Start with chai tea, add 2 shots of Expresso put some white chocolate sauce in, throw it into a blende with milk and ice. They will add the base and blend it with creamer. I'll be sticking to Dutch they can actually remember how you like your drink and how to make it.
5	Amazing coffee! It doesn't taste bitter or burnt like Starbucks. Great customer service!
1	Meh. Was upset to find out their hot chocolate is just warmed up chocolate milk.
4	The staff is awesome at every location! I'm obsessed with the Kicker, but next time I've decided to try one of their energy drinks. They can make basically any combination of flavors and the staff have definite favorites they suggest. Starting my morning earlier than usual, I am on the road and happier now that I have my Dutch Bros!
4	Dutch Bros is my favorite coffee shop around.  This place always makes great stuff.  Only one grievance: tune it down a bit! What I mean is the staff is "always"  happy and always forcing conversation.  Its nice and all, but it feels forced.  Definitely a corporate thing as this happens at every Dutch Bros.  Great coffee though.
2	$5 for a medium drink? No thank you. That was the biggest turn off for me (come on it's more expensive than Starbucks). The menu is very confusing, drinks taste average, and there is no just plain coffee. Every single drink is ridiculously sweet and because you cannot get a small coffee drink, the drinks are impossible to finish. I only gave it two stars because the staff is very nice. For anyone who lives overpriced sugary coffee, Dutch bros is great, but for anyone looking  for a cup of black coffee this is so not your place.
3	The menu was so confusing that I didn't realize that there was just black coffee, however you can't get it just plain iced with sugar. It has to be one of their syrups
4	I take back my previous review because apparently there is black coffee but I couldn't figure it out. Dutch bros has really grown on me and the main reason for 4 stars is because of the super friendly staff. They also have really smooth coffee. I took away one star because their mixed drinks or insanely sweet
5	The BEST coffee shop in Mesa! Friendly service and great coffee! Satisfaction guarantee!
4	Fantastic! The line may look crazy long, but Ive never waited long. Very efficient. Everything I've tried up to date has been delicious. Friendly staff, even talk to my kids in the back seat. Tried them on a whim and have turned into a regular.
5	Always great! And our pups love there dog treats too! It's a fun atmosphere and the coffee is always made right and amazing.
