3	Ordered for delivery from this location yesterday.  The guy on the phone was friendly and efficient - he gave me a discount, which was nice(but didn't specify how much or for what).The delivery was on time, maybe even a little early, and the guy was personable. I thought the cheese pizza was just ok, but everyone who had the veggie pizza had great things to say about it (I'm of the school of thought that veggies belong in salads, not on pizza, but to each his own). I've had better pizza, but the folks were friendly and if I was in the area, I'd give it another go.
4	Friendly staff, clean atmosphere, and tasty pizza that reminds me of the older locations in Tempe.  Original crust was just perfect, cheese was silky smooth, and there was a great vibe in the place.  Nice lunch stop with slices too.
4	Good local pizza place in Cave Creek. We took out, but they had a nice eat-in area. Pizzas are delish. Crust excellent. No skimping on the sauce and cheese. We had a meat lovers (an artery clogging delight), Haiwian (yummy), and a thin crust BBQ chicken (tangy). Can't go wrong at this place.
2	So first of all, they stop taking delivery orders at 5 PM every night. FIVE PEE EM. Ridic. I begrudgingly went in to pick up my order instead and when I asked the very nice teen girl behind the counter what backwards reasoning was behind this managerial decision, she said the owner had tried to make a delivery once & he got lost for two hours in the dark. Rather than invest in GPS, which he insists is wrong in Cave Creek (I've lived here for 3 years and never had a problem with my GPS, weird) he gives up a crapload of money in business because he won't deliver at night. So I get home with this pizza and frankly it was gross. The whole purpose behind thin crust is that it's crunchy. This was a soggy mess from edge to edge. Nasty. I would have given this one star but I threw in an extra for the nice girl behind the counter.
5	Love this location. Been so many times. Always great. Love the boneless wings and original crust!
1	So if you've followed me at all, you would know that I'm a big pizza guy ..... So last night her Highness and I got back into town a bit late and didn't want to stop to eat or attempt to cook at the house so we made the monster mistake of ordering a couple of pies from Barro's for a home delivery.  That was my first mistake.Granted, there was a Sunday night NFL game on and I suppose that might be the reason it took 3 hours for the delivery and I also suppose that because dumb and dumber was out driving around all night, that the pizza's showed up cold and floppy but what I do know is that I've learned a valuable lesson in placing an order for take out or delivery dog food ....  And that won't happen again.  Barro's is the worst and you'd be well advised to take them off your list.I'd give them no stars but apparently, that's not an option.
4	Cave Creek is not Chicago, hell it's not Phoenix.  But we were watching Sunday night football and all of A sudden my neighbor and I decided that grilling salmon was too much effort.  And our BAC prohibited driving    We have few choices in town for delivery, one of which is Papa Johns which I find hideous.  Not just here but everywhere.   I am originally from Portland so I got the awful papa johns experience there as well.  Pizza arrived 20 minutes earlier than promised.  It was very good.  My neighbor ate 3/4 of it I saved one slice for breakfast.  If you are here in cave creek it is a great option.   Unless you want the take and bake from papa MURPHYs   But again, sometimes discretion is the better part of valor when you have no designated drivers among the hungry neighbors watching sports   The best daytime pizza ( no delivery) is at The Hideaway Bar and grill up in town   Hands down.  So I've obviously had more awesome pizza in foodie Portland, Chicago and NYC.  But this is Cave Creek. So a man needs to choose from where he lives My one criticism is that they don't deliver after 5pm.  Which I find to be a stupid business decision, but really, who wants pizza after 5pm except everyone   They have a bizarre explanation but it is what it is   Give it a try but if you have a pizza craving after 5 and don't feel driving past the MCSO gauntlet you are screwed. So good pizza but order early.
1	I was a regular customer until a few weeks ago.Order took 50 minutes for pickup, BBQ chicken pizza which we always order had to be thrown away and the rest of the order was barely edible.Called corporate office and left a message and no one returned my call.Then sent a letter that was returned twice ,so is guess customer service is not important. Need to find another place in Cave Creek
5	Very good pizza and reasonably priced.  Medium Pizza for $11 and they are not chintzi with the toppings. I called in my order and it was ready on time.  Fast and friendly service.
5	New to AZ and wanted to take a little trip from north scottsdale to cave creek. So half way into town I stopped for lunch at this little pizza joint and wow! This place is awesome! The manager was really nice and even showed me some off road trails near town. The pizza is super thick and cheesy the way it should I'm sick of all this health nut gym rat pizza  crap lol. Pizza is not a diet food so I want it good and cheesy and this place delivers just that! I can't wait to try it again! Thanks guys!
