4	i did not see a spin wheel though i did see the fetish art book on the counter. maybe that was just there for the grand opening.anyway, i bought my first CL shoe there this weekend. the ladies were extremely helpful and i walked away with a pair of decollettes in polished leather black. very classic and cute.I asked if there was a lifetime warranty or anything like that for buying a pair of shoes but alas, nothing like that came with the $619 after tax price tag. it's a little disheartening that the shoe will just be a shoe after i walk away and not an investment (when i bought an LV bag, i knew i had the option of sending it to them to clean or repair). they just referred me to go to neiman marcus or saks and use whoever they use for repair, etc.eh. at least they make me look hot.
5	I almost died when I walked in here, but instead, I wanted to go broke. This was the case until I realized that my husband was standing next to me perplexed by the $700 pricepoint of these fabulous red-soled shoes. He didn't understand, he didn't get it, so he didn't condone it. In the end, I left alive, with my credit card un-maxed, but crying deep inside for a pair of Louboutins.BTW, they do actually have a decent sale selection with pumps that I saw starting from $399. Check it.
5	Excellent customer service and a good selection but they sell out quickly.     Stop over at Double Helix bar right outside the door and do a shot to make that credit card swipe go a little easier.  Before or after.   Your choice.  Maybe both.
5	When I walked in I was greeted by 2 fabulous, hot homosexuals and a glass of bubbly. I've always been a fan but have not yet indulged in a purchase. On my second glass, I almost said fuck it and busted out the plastic. Then my homie dragged me out. We were late for our dinner reservations. DAMN! I will be back...
5	I refused to leave Las Vegas without trying on a pair of Christian Louboutin heels! I mean...it was only a few floors down from my hotel room! So, right before a party I was going to at SushiSamba, I jumped over there! I was instantly drawn to a pair of cheetah print pumps (with the signature red base...of course!). I tried them on...I fell in love...but my pocket was NOT able to purchase them :(! They were super comfortable and fit great! I told the lady working that if I won in the casino I WOULD be back! She laughed.The sales woman was VERY helpful and very quick to grab my size. She even helped me put them on! It was like I was Cinderella for that one quick minute of glory! Until I had to put the shoes back in the box. If you have the money, these shoes are DEFINITELY worth it. I will be back...when I start making the big bucks :)
5	WORTH EVERY PENNY!I love tall heels but alas, I have back problems that prevent me from wearing anything higher than 2.5" without enduring some serious pain.  Enter Christian Louboutin.  I don't know how they do it, but these are the most comfortable 3 inchers I have ever worn in my life.  I wore my brand new pair out to dinner and a nightclub.  Seven hours later I had no blisters and even more miraculously, my back didn't hurt.  I'm telling you - they're magic shoes.Oh yeah, and they look fabulously sexy, too.
4	I did not walk out of the store with a purchase but had a nice experience nonetheless--sort of. The hubby was crazy and saying "buy some shoes! I know you want them!" So we stopped in and I tried on the one pair that I could find that have a pointy toe instead of the more rounded toe. Service was excellent. They brought a few different pairs to ensure comfort. The salesgirl recommended I walk outside on the store on the marble of the Palazzo instead of the slippery carpet of the store. While I did not get greeted with bubbly as Miss Jessica did, I was treated nicely. My toes, however, were not! They were so sore after only wearing the shoes for five minutes! AAGH! Only open toed Louboutins for me it seems...
4	I've always wanted some Louboutins, but could never justify purchasing a pair until my boyfriend decided he'd make me a bride next year.  So, obviously, Louboutins would be the perfect choice for my wedding shoe, especially since my theme colors are going to be black, red, and white.  Though my wedding isn't until next summer, I decided to peruse the current collection for inspiration.  The salesgirl that helped me seemed a little shy, but she was really sweet and had no problems letting me try on some of the most expensive shoes in the boutique.I had my eye on a lacy, platform number that would have been the perfect wedding shoe, alas, they were out of my size and would not be getting any more in.  She informed me that once their seasonal styles sold out, they were sold out.  But, never fear, she reassured, since my wedding date was still so far away, there would be plenty of lovely new styles for me to try as the date grows near.Minus one star for the 2 other associates who were older women with uppity attitudes, never even made eye contact with me when I walked through the door.  I hope they're on commission so that I can give my girlie the sale that she deserves when I visit again next spring.
5	What a great shopping experience while buying my very first pair of Louboutin's! Not intimidating at all as some of these stores can be. I was in the Christian Louboutin boutique in Paris this past summer where no once made eye contact or offered any help. I came in thinking I knew what I wanted and left with something even better! The saleswoman and the manager were both so helpful in explaining the construction, fit and materials that I left with a lot of info for my next pair :)
3	I'm obviously not rating the quality of Christian Louboutins or my love for them. I'm rating my experience at this store.I finally decided to purchase a pair of plain, nude Christian Louboutins. I debated this for awhile since spending $600+ on shoes isn't normal. And seeing how often I ruin my shoes, it didn't seem like a good idea. But the bf decided to bribe me (yes, bribe) with a pair of Louboutins so of course, I just had to get a pair. Unfortunately, all the nude pumps I saw were out in my size so I decided on a classic, plain black round toe pump. The store is a tad disorganized and seems understaffed. Often times, you'll find random shoes scattered all over the floor. The store also doesn't have many sizes and doesn't carry many styles. They just had the basic pumps and couple of flats and only 1 or 2 boots. Try Saks or Barneys, there are more options there.
1	*Edit 5/30/11:I was mistakenly given Mojgan's name.  If Mojgan ever reads this I profusely apologize!!  I've heard that Mojgan is nothing but sweet and helpful.  I don't know the name of the awful S.A. at this store but I know that she is tall with short dark hair and some kind of European accent who has a sour expression on her face.**Edit 2/28/12:Veronica has moved and no longer works for the company :(  The other sales associate I like is Linda if she is still there.  Very nice woman and always encourages people to try on their shoes.The people who work at this location (and most of the CL boutiques come to think about it) are not the friendliest yet there is one particular person who brings this store down to one star.  Her name is Mojgan (not sure if it's spelled correctly but she's the one with the accent), and she is one of the worst sales associates that I have ever encountered in my life and made my last trip to the store such a disappointment.  Even walking out empty-handed you should leave with that kid in a candy store feeling after being surrounded by all those beautiful shoes, but I left with a bad taste in my mouth instead.Mojgan was not very helpful and seemed unwilling to answer questions and find availability of requested styles.  When she did answer a question, she was very short and often did not answer the question correctly, as if she were answering a totally different question than what was actually asked.  She came off as not very knowledgeable on product and product availability which is unacceptable when your customers are more informed and knowledgeable than the sales associates.  And I've heard that she's the manager of this store.  If so, unbelievable!  I asked for a particular shoe which she said they didn't have only to see minutes later someone trying them on in the store!  She could have at least told me that they had the shoe, just not in my size.  She made it seem like she did not care for my business or the other person I was with (who happens to own countless pairs of "Loubs"), which is fine because I do not plan on ever giving them any of my business.  I'm turned off to the whole brand now, but it's okay because I have discovered other brands that are sexier, edgier, and less expensive than Louboutins.  Not to mention more comfortable!  Never again, Las Vegas boutique!  However, if you are after some Loubs and must go to this location, go see the young, blonde sales associate who works there.  I believe her name is Veronica.  She is the most pleasant and helpful sales associate at the store.
1	I waited....waited...waited for a sales person to help me. But it seems all the better dressed peeps were getting all the sales people's attention. which is cool i guess i do the same thing. BUT sometimes the chick in a tank and jeans likes to buy mucho Loubs. So instead of a $800 sale for them i just left..F it, i'll get my red soles somewhere else.
4	Before entering this store, the color of the carpet definitely caught my eye from afar.  The neon lighting and the layout of the store is cleaner than I thought it would be!  Incredible selection, some are way more than I could have ever afforded, but I had wonderful experience just looking around before making a selection.  Veronica W was my salesperson and she was extremely helpful in helping me find a size that was perfect.  I told her I was a size 7 in US, but when she saw me try on the shoe, she knew it would never work.  She brought out a 36 1/2 for me and they fit like a charm!  They really are the most comfortable shoe I have ever owned, and I do not regret one penny I spent on them.  I highly suggest the sales rack or try out the Simple Pump 100's.  They are classics and the one I chose!
1	The store ladies were helpful but this store is a huge waste of time. They did not have most of the styles. If you ask for a peeptoe, they will have it but not in patent, if they have it in patent, they won't have your size. All of the current season styles are not carried in the store either; even if they do, you guessed, it! No size!!It was quite disturbing because they didn't even carry some of the most basic styles and sizes. Some of the other customers in the store had the same problem too.I would probably just skip this store and walk on over to Neiman's or Barney's for a better selection.
1	I love the shoes! I hated the store in The Palazzo. Since I was staying at the hotel, I went back twice to give the salespeople a chance, first time late at night and the second during early afternoon. I was never greeted by both shifts, not once. And both times I was wearing my Very Prive. I'm never giving this store the commission they will make and rather shop at high end retail stores like Nordstrom, Saks, or Neiman or directly at the Louboutin at Southcoast Plaza in California.
5	I'm an equal opportunity shoe lover but Christian Louboutin holds a special place in my heart and always puts a huge dent in my wallet.  I visited this location last year to look for the black Bianca heels.  They had them in-stock but not in my size.  I was sooo bummed but their salesperson advised me to check Barneys and Saks.  I walked over to Barneys and long behold they had 1 pair left and in my size. Fate? I think so.  During our recent trip to Vegas I decided to check out Christian Louboutin once again.  Their boutique is located in the wonderful Palazzo hotel, they have a HUGE selection of Louboutins, and their sales staff is very helpful.  For the past year I've been on the hunt for their silver glitter slingbacks and had no luck.  They're sold out EVERYWHERE. I was fortunate to pick up a pair of gold glitter Louboutin slingbacks at Neiman Marcus in SF thanks to my fabulous rep. Sorry, I digress. ;o)  Back to CL... they had a pair of heels that were glitter slingbacks but not in silver.  It was multicolor and super sexy!  I tried them on and liked them.  Although I didn't love them.  They were priced at $775 and I figured if I'm paying $775 for shoes I better get that tingly feeling!  I decided to pass on the shoes because I love platforms and these particular slingbacks were not as high (tall) as I wanted.  I told the sales rep that I preferred a big platform (much like the pair I was wearing).  She noticed that I was rockin the cork Louboutin slingbacks and knew exactly what I wanted.  She told me to hang on because she had 1 last pair in my size and went to the back to get them.  Now I'm seeing a pattern here.... another last pair? Is it fate once again? I think so.She returned with the perfect shoe!  I was pleasantly surprised they had them in-stock considering these were also sold out everywhere!  I tried them on and it was a perfect fit.  Did I love them? HELL YEAH!  They were a bit more expensive than the 1st pair that I tried on but why buy the cheaper shoe that I liked versus the perfect shoe that I LOVED? Needless to say, my shopping was done after leaving Christian Louboutin.  I will most certainly return to this boutique next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Ok I walked in here expecting the shelves and floor to be glamorous looking, but ehhhh it wasn't at all like that! It wasn't the most fabulous store I've been to and the shoes were okay looking. There are two little separate mini shoe room displays here and I don't get it. There were a few cute shoes on display at the window, but the customer service was horrible, not that they were busy, they never even said hi, wtf what if i wanted to buy 700 shoes sheeeesshhh acknowledgment would be effing nice man!
1	I came here looking for the very prive peep toe in nude and of course they didn't have it at all. I guess the shoe was so popular that it's sold out everyone, which was almost true. I went to Barney's, Neiman and Sak and none of them had it. I even called the online store and the actual store itself. I almost gave up. However, I contacted the Christian Louboutin in Beverly Hills and the rep was awesome (some gentleman)! I didn't get his name, but he pointed me to the right direction. Thank you Thank you, now my shoe is coming soon. I can't wait.I think the sales lady was very rude and just had this attitude that she's high class or something. Making comments where if I didn't get the black one that it's impossible to obtain the nude one. For god sake you work at a retail department store!!! For what customers are paying for the shoes, they can at least be nice about it because the price is no joke. It ranges from $600 and up.But 5 stars for the shoes itself, so beautiful!
5	Nice selection. Nice SA's. Nice atmosphere. They even had my size! So I was able to drop dough, duh!
1	So I finally wore the Prive shoe (nude) and boy was it uncomfortable. Truly wearing it for like 5 minutes or so it totally numbed my feet then it started to hurt.I decided to give it another chance (can't waste) and it felt a little bit better. However, I don't recommend wearing it for hours. I don't know how the celebrities does it, guess there's a price to looking good.Boy for a shoe that cost almost $900, not so worth it especially when your feet is blistering!!!Uniqueness: 5 starsSexy: 5 starsComfort: 1 starI choose comfort any day!
3	Mostly I'm a fan of the shoes (purrrrrrrrrrr) but I had never been to a CL store before so this was like the Holy Grail for me!  The store itself is not very big, but they have shoes here that some of the other stores may not have...then again, what each store may carry can vary widely as well.Hubs - bless that mans heart - took me here for my birthday and turned me loose.  Saw some of the regular priced shoes and then my gaze turned upon the sale rack.  Oh baby!  Mind you  now....even on sale CL shoes are still up there in price.  The sales people were a bit snooty but I chose to ignore that  and went for a pair of peep toe slingbacks in a gorgeous apricot patent leather.  Now either she goofed or I goofed, but when I got back to the hotel I tried them on again and noticed they were a half size bigger than I normally wear.  Was not in the mood to return and argue (final sale) so I did my version of Victoria Beckham and just put a gel insert in the foot bed and kept on stepping!
2	umm, i was reading yelp reviews before hitting this place up and was super excited to go to the CL store! i was disappointed, though.the store is red and super tiny! not at all glamorous as i imagined it would be. small space filled with a ton of shoes. they didn't have my size in some of the shoes.the sales associate, linda, was awesome though. she was quick and helpful. she even let me walk outside the store to make sure the shoe worked well on tile (it sadly did not). the sa provided me with shoe and heel grips to try to make it work better. we determined it was because i have a small heel and that a slingback would work better. she even let me remove my stockings to see if that made the shoe fit better. it didn't ;(my credit card was glad the shoe didn't fit because i was ready to buy! the shoes are unbelievably sexy and i can't wait to find a shoe that fits perfectly from CL!
4	bought numerous pairs at this location.  One sales rep is my fav and sure go to.  CAnt remember her name cause it is really hard to say and spell...but be sure to ask for the sales book.  Enjoy!
3	My dream is to one day own a pair of Christian Louboutins, which is why going to this boutique was a huge deal for me. I even told the sales associate this, but he clearly had no interest in a teenage girl (Hello, I'm your future customer!) who liked shoes. Admittedly, I was dressed casually and wearing puma tennis shoes. I didn't get any comments directed towards me except a hi when I first walked in. We were there around 7 at night and the staff was clearly bored and crammed into a very small place.The shoes are beautiful and there are so many. The handbags were nice also, but the shoes are the main attraction. I'm giving this 3 stars because the shoes are incredible and the store was organized and clean (but cramped). However, I base a lot on how employees treat the customer and there was a lot left to be desired. Higher end stores should remember that there's a new generation of fashion lovers that need to be treated with care in these hard economic times.
5	I disagree with the other reviews on the associates here, I was greeted with a hello as soon as I walked in and asked by both sales people if I needed help. Anastasia was very helpful in helping me pick out my shoes and the perfect size, and she was friendly and patient with me when I couldnt make up my mind! I agree this store is somewhat small, but there are only so many styles of red bottoms out there, and I found two pairs here in my size that were sold out online!!! So excited to finally have my new shoes!!!!! :)
3	I love Christian Louboutin. I love what he does with shoes. I don't love the price tag but sometimes you just have to fork over extra for luxury because ... well it's luxury (i.e. not needed...).This store however, could only muster up a 3 stars from me because I've been here many times and each time have been disappointed by the selection and sizes they have. I've gone different times of the year, different times within one week when they supposedly got a shipment etc. and never anything comes in reasonable size.This isn't the fault of the sales associates there or even the store, but if a store never has what you want ... then it's not really a five star experience. Furthermore, they're so barren it's sad ... they have this huge spinning wheel above the register, supposedly you spin it for a free gift (the number it lands on corresponds to a mystery gift) when you make a purchase. Sadly, it's been "out of gifts" for the past 3 years. So what's the point of having the wheel still?One perk is that because this is the original CL boutique (there is a new one in Caesar's Palace the Forum Shops), they actually have SALE items. Again, finding your size could be a challenge but still.. SALE!
4	This was a very nice store and the lady that worked there was very helpful. I decided not to buy the Christian Louboutins because I heard that they just lost their case against YSL and that now anyone can have the red soles. This was very disheartening and therefore decided to buy a beautiful pair of Monolo Blahniks  instead. I dont want to spend over 1000 for a pair of shoes and later see someone like BEBE come out with a pair similar with red soles. :(
5	I have been dreaming of the day that I would own a pair of Christian Louboutins!! This trip to Vegas was to make that dream happen. I visited the CL in the Forum shops first. We had just gotten to Vegas and I was dressed very casual. Needless to say the selection was very poor & they didn't give me the time of day. Can't say it was because of the way I was dressed or they were just poor sales folks. The next day we visited the Palazzo location. I was again dressed very casual (mesh shorts, T shirt, & sneakers) because we were sight seeing and walking the strip.Linda was the best sales person!! It didn't even phase her how I was dressed. She was very helpful and brought out shoes that were not on display. The Palazzo location by far had a better selection and had my size (size 41) in multiple styles. Please ask for Linda at the Palazzo location, she is excellent!! I now own 2 pairs! She helped my dream come true!
5	Small but great selection.  Definitely worth the trip.  Also, best time to shop is right after Christmas!
3	Checking out the window displays are worth the trip here; they are actually the biggest draw because the store itself is small and didn't have much selection...at least while I was there.  And there is a bar outside where your man can wait and watch the game.
1	Um.... I was scolded by the bouncer here for trying to take a cell phone picture of my wife in front of a wall of shoes.
5	Oh Louby I love you ;)I usually purchase my CLs from the CL boutique in downtown Miami or online from http://us.christianlouboutin.com/us_en but while at the Palazzo for a modeling event I felt the need to peek in...and of course walked out with a fabulous pair of shoes. The staff is very helpful and the store is clean. It's not as large as the CL boutique in Miami but a nice alternative for Vegas.I will upload some pics.Long heels + red bottoms = love affair with CL
4	If you're looking for the most decadent of shoes, stop here, stop now. I own two pair, both bought from here, and they are incredible.The selection is large, but getting a shoe in your size is the hard part. I suggest not going in with any preconceived ideas about the shoe that you want because most likely it won't be here. That's been my experience in the several times that I've been here. Just go in to look and try on and choose there. It will save you heartache and tears. The shoes are beyond pricey, but they are the least expensive anywhere on the strip. Saks, et al., will charge you more for the shoes than CL actually will. It's bizarre, actually, but take my advice and save a few dollars.The people in the store are going to be snooty, they sell an incredible brand, I just wish they would remember that they're in Vegas. I don't condone snootiness anywhere, but I expect that much more in Paris than some strip hotel store. Also, it makes the shopping experience that much less exciting when you're being looked up and down. And trust me, I go in with a very expensive purse and clothes every time. It doesn't matter. The snotty factor is high in that store. I will give this store a lot of credit; they have a huge selection, the shoes are all the latest styles and the store just makes you want to shop and shop. Beware of attitudes and lack of inventory and you'll do well here!
4	Awesome customer service. All sales reps are very knowledgeable and knew what was in stock without checking. I ended up buying the Alti Spike Pumps.Only complaint is that they were out of size 37 in most styles.
5	If you walk out with a bag, you know somebody is in a good mood. I think I only find myself in establishments like this while in Vegas. The service was as you'd expect it to be in a place like this.
2	My Mother bought some Black Patent Bianca Pumps for my Birthday dinner here. Sales girls were rude and not very knowledgable about heel styles. They couldn't even answer basic questions about release dates and materials. Go to Caesars Palace Louboutin Boutique instead! She loves her shoes BTW!
1	Never again will I go to this location because their Customer service was HORRIBLE. When you walk in no one says hello, can we help you. I had to ask for a size in a shoe but they said we don't have your size. They did not offer to look at another location in the US for my size. very rude, when you are spending that type of money you deserve to be treated with respect. I went to Barney's and bought them from there they did not have my size but found them from IL and they are being shipped. Barney's went above and beyond, best CS. See Jeannie when you are there. You lost a customer CL Palazzo
5	Came in and left feeling like a queen! Service was great. The woman who helped me was very pleasant and friendly, I think she had a french accent. While staying in Vegas I visited about 5 stores carrying the Louboutin brand and this was the only store that had my size in a variety of styles. Love this boutique and will be back!
4	Such a late review! BUT I stopped by this Louboutin store after stopping by the one in Caesars Palace ( they had terrible! customer service). As soon as I walked in to this store I was greeted and asked if I needed help. I knew which pair I wanted already but they didn't have my size =/. I wish I remembered my sales womans name she was a sweetheart she helped me decided my next choice and ended up walking out with my first pair of Christian Louboutins! it was a great way to end my experience in Vegas.I'll be coming back again to this one for my next pair!
5	After experiencing such HORRIBLE customer service at the Forum Shop location, I was hoping for a better experience here at the Palazzo location. Boy did things turn around real quickly. I was greeted as I was walking in the door, even though the associate was ringing out another customer. She still made eye contact with me and said hello and welcome. I walked back to the men's section, even though the pickings were smaller I did see what I came into find, Black Louis Flat. Was approached by an associate who was more than willing to go and get my size. All I have to say is, the customer service here was fantastic. High end retailers like this especially in Vegas tend to shun the people who they assume are just "window shoppers." That was not the case here. Even though I was dressed in just a plain t-shirt, shots, and gym shoes I was treated very well and I ended up leaving purchasing a pair of shoes.No matter what retailer you go to, as a customer you are expected to be treated with a certain level of respect. All the employees at this store were excellent and I would definitely come back. Surprisingly had my size in stock for most shoes as well which is pretty uncommon. If you ever want to purchase a pair of Louboutins, come to this store when you're in Vegas.
1	So I usually don't write reviews and bad ones at that but the sales lady at this shop was so condescending. She was doing paper work for the night...mind you it's 10 pm in the evening I asked, "Are you still open?" and she tells me with her hands up,"well the doors are open right?"  And gives me such attitude and moving her head side to side. I proceeded to tell her "well I see you doing paperwork that's why I asked" and she stated "well we catch up throughout the day." I proceeded to walk around and look at the shoes. She asks if we needed help and I stayed quiet because I was already irritated. She then tells my boyfriend to put his drink and my drink at the counter. Really?!!! We are not kids and we aren't drunk...we won't spill our drinks...by then I had it already and walked out! Worst customer service ever!!!!! If I could have given it no stars I would have!
5	This store is truly a hidden gem.After getting beyond brutal service at the Forum shop in Caesar's I found this store. Even though its smaller than the Forum store, the selection was better, the sizing was better and service was hands down second to none.  The Forum employees could take some pointers from these guys. I will definitely be making this my store of choice on my next visit.  I can't rave enough about how great their staff are and most importantly I left with my first pair of Louboutins.
4	The first time I came in to get my stilettos repaired.  Because my shoes were a gift and I had no record of purchasing there, they sent me to Magic Shoe & Luggage Repair (Great referral.)  This time I wanted to try on some styles.  The sales woman was lovely!   I tried on Python daffodille felt snug.  She brought out one size up which I slip out of.  I tried the pegalle style and again needed to try a size up and down.  Unfortunately they didn't have my size in the color I wanted.  She tried to bring what she could in that style that fit me.  She gave me her opinion about how they looked on me. Unfortunately they were out of a lot of sizes.  She informed me that the new season styles would be coming out soon.
5	My hubby brought me to this CL store during our Anniversary and my b-day getaway.  This was my first pair of CL's I would own.  We walked in the store and there was a couple buying practically the whole store $15k worth YIKES!, but they still managed to acknowledged me and asked me if I needed assistance.  Once I found my New Simple pump I liked, she brought out two sizes.  I tried them and fell in Love, she was very knowledgeable about the shoe and even gave me some gel inserts because she said one shoe fit a bit bigger than the other and that should even out!  I walked out of there with my first pair of CL.  I will make sure that my next pair will be from here as well!  The South Coast Plaza In OC, California store is strict on pics and is not very friendly.  Not this one!  I will be back!
1	Being high quality store like they claim to be, their costumer service sucks. My wife purchased a shoe here and after 10 hours did not like and saw diffident brand that she wanted. We came here for her to return it, but no they said it's exchange only no returns. The casher or the frickin sales person said we did say it's only exchange and no return but you know for a fact they never mentioned anything like that.
1	The WORST customer service ever!!! Staff JUDGMENTAL & CONDESCENDING :-( I walked into the store with my husband. We were barely acknowledged by the manager and the associate cutting ribbons next to her. Another couple walked in after us and the associate leaped from behind the counter to help them. Clearly she decided we were not worth her time.After waiting a few minutes, I had to go searching for the one associate on the floor to assist me. She was busy fawning over the couple she assumed was going to make a purchase ( they didn't). I only purchased a pair of shoes because I was in a time crunch.  Walking out without a pair of shoes would have resulted in self punishment. We had an event to attend in less than 45 mins. I would not recommend shopping here. TERRIBLE shopping experience :-/
4	This place has renew my faith in SA's that works at high end designer boutiques. It's always intimidating to shop at stores that has SA's looking down on you. Not at this case and boutique. Everyone that came in was greeted politely. We came in when it was busy. Lots of people were trying shoes. I thought I wouldn't get any service at all. But the gentleman that help me was very polite and attentive. He asked everyone that was trying on shoes if they needed a size and went off his way to get them. So I tried on "Zero Problem" espadrilles in a 37, 140mm is the heel height. The shoes are so comfy. I walked around in them immediately. Overall experience was pretty good. I didn't give it 5 stars because they didn't have that much of a selections and not that much in stock. He told me that they would only carry 1 (One) size per shoe style. I wish and hoped that this store doesn't change. The customer service was excellent and spot on.
4	Thank you for taking your time and helping me find the shoe that fits me.  I can't wait to wear them
5	I shop here often for shoes I love I guess they can be a bit snobby with passing judgment but they already know me so they know when I come in I come to buy. So they are a bit kiss ass but w/e.
5	I was in Vegas for my bachelorette party, and I knew I had to visit the Christian Louboutin store to treat myself.  I tried to justify buying shoes in Vegas by saying..."the sales tax is cheaper than California."I had a wonderful sales associate, Linda, helping me out.  I picked out a few shoes, but alas, my size was very popular, and many styles were not available in the store.  I was determined to walk out of the store with a pair of shoes, and Linda was very patient and kept bringing out shoes for me to try on. I finally found a shoe that was in stock, and that I loved!  I ended up with the 100mm black patent leather Decoltissimo!!If you are looking to buy some Loutoutins, definitely stop by this store in the Palazzo for great service!
5	2nd time and it was a Charm! It was another amazing experience at this store for me once again!  I went in a year after my first purchase as my hubby was treating me again for another pair of shoes. We walked in to a busy store.  The gentleman there is not very friendly and you can tell he does have preference to whom he helps, but the gal and I can't remember her name was very friendly and helpful.  I tried on some Eliza Pigalle and those were so uncomfortable, I asked for the Decollete's in nude and some Bianca's to try.  She brought out both pairs at once for me to try and I took both!  I forgot to call my credit card company that I was leaving town, so Fraud alert was placed on my card in which she was very understanding and told me to take my time to resolve.  Took no more than 5 minutes and issue was resolved and I walked out with my 2 new pairs!   So in love!
1	this was one if the most grossest locations I've walked into, i was expecting more classiness than this, the display shoes looked damaged and dirty so did the glass decor, the staff were extremely rude and specifically this one worker with red orange hair, she was extremely rude, she looked like one of those people who were pissed because she had to work on a holiday, she looked and was dressed extremely tacky. She did present herself or greet anyone at all. This store did not impress me, it was stuffy and had a little odor. The rudeness of the staff toped it off, especially the red head.  This store literally has dropped the luxury to CL. What a shame.
