5	This place has everything you could every dream of. If I had al day, I would spend it in here.they have the coolest stuff, from a hand-chandelier to novelty office stuff. The shop itself is really quite small, but I've never been in with more than one other person so you don't really notice the size.They have the best and most amazing selection of greeting cards I've ever seen. Some are really lovely and pretty and some are just hilarious. I understand the point that you can't really buy silly stuff for yourself...but why not! I live for this stuff. Nobody every buys it for me because they think I've already got most of it, because I love it so much.If I have a birthday coming up I'l go straight here.Also they have a really great website!
4	Present is one of those quirky shops that actually has unique items! They should demolish Cockburn street to build a nice clear path to Present.You'll find something in here for everyone, even if you weren't looking. A great place to get ideas for those difficult people! Why not 5 star. The staff member was very disinterested at my questions about the business. Not in a rude way, but, a paying customers deserves the attention of somebody that hasn't been in a coma all day.
4	Present is a very cool place to buy presents, and a very cool place to treat yourself to some gadgets.Stocking a number of gizmos that you never knew you needed until you spotted them in here, Present inspires you to buy some really cool designs. From their Love/Hate chintzy mugs, Doodle on a Photoframe gift and the shoulder bags with X Ray prints on them, Present stocks some really bizarre, bad ass accessories.Most of the items in this store are quite unique and can't be lumped into the one category. I guess I would describe it as urban chic - a little like Urban Outfitters, but much more unusual. I especially love their wacky jewellery that lionizes dogs, or is just plain beautiful, like their plastic heart necklaces. It's also nice to find somewhere in the UK that stocks the Gamma-Go range.There are so many great gift ideas contained in these four walls, and Present stocks the most innovative, creative gifts you could imagine. I only stumbled upon this place a few days ago but am now going to be a regular. The only thing is, I can't really see me actually buying presents in here - I'll be too busy spending a lot of sweet money on myself!
5	Present is an adorable gift shop and one that I love browsing. Every inch of this store is covered with cards, stationery, jewellery, candles and various other quirky knick knacks that are excellent for gifts.I particularly like their range of old school wind up phones as I've always wanted one of them. They come in various different colours here and crazy designs too. I also really like their range of "One Button" jewellery and I found some gorgeous studded earrings with CZ that looked beautiful, I also love that all the packaging comes with a little button attached to it - very cute!I had to chuckle when I came across an oddball selection of candles including cactus shaped ones and smaller olive shaped waxyness, I'm not really sure how they worked though...Overall, a very cute little shop that's well presented with an excellent range of products.
