3	Bojangles is the South-East's most celebrated fast-food joint, and it was only when I tried the legendary sweet tea (it is especially known for it!), and their dirty rice, that I knew what they were all talking about and nearly considered moving to Charlotte.  Well, not really, but it definitely was a welcome change to the conventional fast food options such as McDonald's, KFC, Jack in the Crack, etc.  As I mentioned, the sweet tea is famous at Bojangles, though it was so saturated in saccharine that my teeth started tingling by the eighth sip.  Nevertheless, I couldn't stop sucking down the whole 12-ounce cup until it was completely drained.I didn't eat much here since it was just a quick stop before going to Paramount's Carrawinds, but I had one chicken 'n biscuit and a small side of dirty rice.  The chicken was yummy and the biscuit was incredibly buttery but good.  The dirty rice, however, was my favorite out of my items...rice with veggies, special spices, and sausage.  yum. I could have ordered a large of that alone and have been satisfied. Bojangles has several locations all around the Carolinas, so make sure to hit it up if you're ever in the area.
4	I miss Charlotte, though now when I go back, the fast food ain't so good on my stomach. Bojangle's  is always on the list when I go back to the QC. Definietely get the Bo Berry Biscuits and Bo-Tato rounds!! UMMM.....
5	Bojangles reminds me so much of my childhood and the South. I lived in Charlotte for about 7 years as a kid and looovveed Bojangles! It's the best fast food joint besides In and Out, however, I think that if there was a Bojangles in Cali, I'd be alllllllllll over it. What I remember the most about it are the fries. They had a delicious seasoning on it as well as their chicken. I love spicy, cajun style southern cooking and this hits the spot. I'm not sure if this the location we used to go to, but I had to review one in Charlotte. I miss Bojangles!
5	This is a staple fast-food restaurant in the south.  Why do they not have it up north you might ask?  Well, people just cook better biscuits and gravy down here, even when it is fast food.  I like this location, because they put soul into their food, whereas in the upperclass neighborhoods, I have noticed that the Bojangles are not very great quality.  The biscuits aren't fresh and the eggs aren't cooked right.  The biscuits here are always the perfect balance between crunchy and thick.  I love their sweet tea too, it is so sweet and only ninety-nine cents for a carton.  Bojangles for life, baby.
5	I've been on some kind of biscuit binge lately, so I've been frequenting Bojangles quite a bit. They have the most amazing biscuits ever in the history of biscuits. I get mine with just cheese, so I can get a delicious buttery-magical breakfast for less than $2. It's good stuff.The service can be a little sloppy, but hey, it's fast food. Fast food service is never perfect. I like taking folks from out of town to check out our own special fast food, and they are always impressed. The french fries are magical as well, and I can't forget to mention the dessert wonder that is the Bo-Berry biscuit.
4	BO-JANGLES! Awesome. Came with some friends on the way home from white water rafting. What can you expect? Cheap, decent fried chicken and a bunch of southern side dishes. Like a trashier KFC. If you haven't gone to one ever, you should just go to say you've been.
5	Being from the south, I love me some homemade biscuits and fried chicken! Literally everything at Bojangles is delicious. The biscuits are warm and fluffy, the chicken is well-seasoned, and the tea is sweeeeeeeet. I personally enjoy the bo cinnamon biscuits or sausage and cheese biscuits for breakfast and for lunch definitely the chicken supreme combo. The chicken supreme includes four chicken tenders, fries, and a biscuit. I recommend their awesome honey mustard as a dipping sauce. Their fried chicken is great as are their side dishes including mac and cheese and mashed potatoes with gravy. There are only two things I don't like at Bojangles, their bo rounds and their green beans. Although these two side dishes could have knocked their score to four stars, the fries and mac and cheese definitely make up for it. Please order the sweet tea with any and every entree.
4	Every time I eat at Bo's, I remember Robert Murphy doing their ads on BIG WAYS radio circa 1979. He was the funniest morning DJ ever to work in Charlotte, a legend, really. We lost him to Chicago, but that's another story. His straight man of 1000 voices sidekick, Larry Sprinkle, is still doing weather at WCNC TV.Anyway, Murphy MADE Bojangles a success here. You couldn't hear his Bojangles spots without wanting their coffee and their buttermilk biscuits, their dirty rice and their cajun-spiced fried chicken. One mention, and I'd be heading that way... drooling on my tie.Bojangles is our local phenomenon, started in a little restaurant in South Charlotte. If you're a visitor, this is our contribution to fast-food-chain America. Try it; it's a guilty pleasure. It's not good for your cholesterol level or your waistline, but it tastes like pure comfort.Most locations are great. Don't miss the buttermilk biscuits! I know Northerners and Westerners who have to pig out at Bo's or they don't think they came to Charlotte.
5	When I first moved to Charlotte a few years ago, it was the giggle-inducing name that drew me in: Bojangles--- its just kinda funny in the cute sense :)  Anyway, on my maiden voyage to Bojangles, I wanted to keep it simple so I can sample the smaller items.  One bite of the fluffy pillow from heaven--also known as buttermilk biscuit, and I nearly went into nirvana!  It was so simple, yet made my taste buds forget Im in public.  I knew I was in love.  I also had the small order of Bo rounds, and because Im a sucker for hash browns, I fell in love all over again.  I greedily ordered another one, just before my last bite ended.  They season it with some sort of fairy dust and it makes all the difference.Im also in love with their egg and cheese biscuit.  So greasy and so yummy.  Its days like this that I wish I had my own personal bojangles in my basement, and my food order would come through those bank suction thing-ies :D
4	I will start off by saying, I am not a huge fried chicken fan, but myyyyy goodness! If I eat here enough I may be converted! (...and very plump)This was the best fried chicken with a little bit of spiciness and delicious bicsuits! MMmmmmmmI feel like I would ruin it by saying more: so please, just got eat some delicious fried chicken here. It is fresh, delicious, and the perfect amount of crisp and spice!
4	The concept of a drive through oven chicken for breakfast establishment was almost a complete culture shock for me.  Who puts chicken tenders in the oven and roasts them up for breakfast?  It's Bojangles, we do!  It wasn't breakfast it was freakfest.  Food was good, but a little bit out of the ordinary. The vats of sweetened and unsweetened ice teas were sort of ordinary vs. other drinks I have had but at least it was fresh and not foul.  They appear to not believe in ketch-up here YET. But boy do they love their cherry pop. I mean soda, but they refer to it as their pop. Cherry pop that tastes like toothpaste. Yea! Next time I'll just be having water. And maybe invest in my own ketch-up. Mad props for the FREE WIFI. my QWERTY now has more than a little bit of complimentary chicken grease on it. Probably was a good thing they didn't have ketch-up, or else my laptop would be having it.
4	So, this is a first place to go if you like fast food and you're from a different part of the country. Bojangles is one of the only franchises that is big in the Carolinas. For me, as a native Charlottean I have never heard of not having Bojangles to go to. I'm not a big fan of fried chicken and buttermilk biscuits (however, they are delicious) but I love it when I have the craving for it. If you come to Charlotte, this should be one of the places to go to when you land because it's something you can't get anywhere else except the south. It's soul food from the south easy to get and the availability is wide. However, there are a lot of other places to go eat for soul food as there are other restaurants famous for fried chicken. But for the sake of fast food, this is one of the places I would go to. Great hangover food.
5	Breakfast or a quick late night snack the chicken biscuits are always fresh and tasty.
5	Why oh why are there no Bojangles at home in Philadelphia?  Probably because they know I'd be 400 pounds if there was...My very first visit down to Charlotte right after my mom moved down, she told me she discovered this place that's "fast food like McDonalds but has breakfast all day long."  She knows how to get my attention.  Breakfast?  All day long?  I was sold.  We went over and I ordered a breakfast sandwich.  We sat down in the restaurant to eat and the smell that hit my nose as I unwrapped my sandwich was making my mouth water like crazy.  My first bite was pure bliss.  Salty, buttery, soft biscuit filled with freshly cooked eggs, smokey bacon, and cheese; I was instantly in love.  A few visits later, I was introduced to their hash browns and that also was love at first bite.  Since then, I've eaten at Bojangles probably two dozen times.  It's the only thing I want for breakfast when I'm in Charlotte and I don't think I'll ever get sick of it.
4	Very good fried chicken sandwich. The chicken was moist and flavorful with a nice crispy outer crust.  Very simple but also very good.
4	I love Bojangles' =)
2	I really didn't care for the breakfast steak biscuits.  The meat patty was coated and then deep fried.  It was impossible to tell what type of meat it was.  Eating it between the biscuits....it was like oil on oil.  The biscuit itself was ok.  But I would not go there for breakfast.
3	Checking into my hotel after 9pm.  Good to see a Bojangles in front of my hotel. After check in made a quick trip over there for dinner to go.  Food was hot and staff was polite.
