5	Largest food menu in Lawrenceville. Incredible signature drinks. Excellent atmosphere. This place just opened up but already my new favorite. This is just what upper Lawrenceville needed. Half off apps during happy hour (mon-fri 5-7 and sat+sun 9-11). Can't wait to try everything on the menu!
4	We went to Dive Bar & Grill during happy hour and spent the first few minutes trying to decide why it was called "Dive Bar" because the inside was super warm, clean, and inviting and the waitstaff was awesome. We had the fried criminis, hummus and vegetables, and cheesesteak sliders. We were  impressed by the size of the appetizers (not to mention that they were half off!) and enjoyed the nice draft beer selection as well. My favorite dish was the fried criminis - I don't think I've ever had cause to call mushrooms "juicy" before!It was a great place to watch the first two periods of the Penguins game and we'd definitely go back in the future. Also, we decided it was called "Dive Bar & Grill" because there was a surprising amount of fish on the menu, but that's just our theory.
4	Went to Dive Bar for happy hour and really enjoyed it. Love the beer list! The appetizers were big portions and half off during happy hour, which was great. I will definitely be back for happy hour soon.
1	Potential food poisoning? - the wife and I ate the same food all day which included a catered lunch for a family event.... then we went to Dive bar and grill today around 7:00 PM. I had the hangover burger and she had the peanut Thai chicken wrap. 3 hours later and she has been going to the bathroom and also vomitting non-stop for the last 4 hours. Seeing as how this was our only divergence in our meals today, I cannot dismiss Dive Bar and Grill as the most likely cause!
1	Food poisoning - went here for dinner 4/13/2014 had great atmosphere and modern style. Plus some higher end drink selections...but everything good I had to say was short lived. That night the fun began - violent food poisoning from the thai peanut chicken wrap. I was to fly to Colorado at 4:00pm today but had to reschedule my flight , take an extra day off work and pay increased parking fees totaling $ 526 - this place needs to be more accountable to there patrons. Obviously improper storage of food or handling.Eat here at your own risk !
5	Largest food menu in Lawrenceville. Incredible signature drinks. Excellent atmosphere. This place just opened up but already my new favorite. This is just what upper Lawrenceville needed. Half off apps during happy hour ( mon-fri 5-7 and sat+sun 9-11). Can't wait to try everything on the menu!
4	I had to dislocate my jaw like a snake to get around the Reuben burger piled with corn beef and coleslaw with the 1000 island dressing and Swiss cheese.  Kinda two sandwiches in one served with potato options including sweet potater tots.  The tots come with a brown sugar butter so you can eat most the tots with ketchup as a side and eat the last two with sugar butter for dessert.  The service was good.  I ordered at the bar and chatted with the bartender.  They seem to have a pretty good balance for the block,  where it still pushes the bar for upper larryville without getting too upscale.  That is a nice way of saying "divey, but not too too divey."  Hell, I'd give it still yet Another makeover if I were in charge.  The menu is great and has some exotique like chimichuri tacos but I think they should push even further.
3	I stumbled across Dive Bar & Grill during the "Lawrenceville Blossom Tour." The happy hour sounded promising: 5 pm to 7 pm with half price apps except those containing seafood, $2 off drafts, $3.50 standard vodka mixes and $4 wines.First of all, the appetizer portions were huge! Unfortunately, the food itself was nothing special. I was psyched about the sliders being included in the happy hour special but then they were served on generic grocery store type buns...disappointing. I also ordered the hummus and tiny pork tostadas which were  adequate. However, I can't complain too much given the happy hour price - 3 large appetizers for around $15, which the two of us couldn't finish. The atmosphere was great and you could easily carry out a conversation. Service was great with the exception of the "kids burger" that was accidentally added to our bill. It was quickly rectified and apologies were made.All things considered, it was a great deal for happy hour but I won't be going back to pay full price for the food.
1	Going here was the single worst day of my life. I feel like this place is a joke and I'm on one of those Hell's Kitchen type of shows. The most boring generic menu ever created. Ugly decor. This is a place your parents take you to because they are trying too hard to be hip. Wow. A real masterpiece in horrible life choices. I want to bleach my mind in hopes I forget this place exists.
4	Have been here multiple times and service has been good all the times we've been. Good happy hour menu with great prices for apps and drinks. Favorite item there so far has been the pierogie quesadilla with pretzel sticks and beer cheese as a close second. Some other items not as successful- chicken poppers, calamari (generic), spinach dip (lacking seasoning). Overall I think this is a great happy hour destination!!
5	We have been to The Dive Bar several times now.  The service at the packed bar yesterday was stellar, Adam the bartender was attentive, witty and very helpful regarding menu choices.  The happy hour is affordable and the food fresh and delicious.  We will definitely be back!
1	This place is probably more appropriate for the suburban mom and dad desperately clinging to youth kind of folk, and even then....The food was underwhelming. Not a lot of flavor, over-sized portions, standard restaurant fare that thinks it's menu is unique and interesting but is really just another TGIFridays without the chain. Another big complaint goes to the douchebag, dead-behind-the-eyes, meathead owner. A smile would be nice.
4	I met one of my friends (who had been to the Dive Bar a few times) for dinner one evening after work.  We were able to quickly and easily find seats, although I'm sure when it's really busy, it can be frustrating!We ordered the Tuscan Spinach & Artichoke Dip appetizer which was fantastic!  Well, it was great - but needed a little extra salt or seasoning, but still great!  The menu is pretty decent sized and we had a hard time deciding what to eat, but both went with Quesadillas (Crazy-dillas!) and had decided to share.  My friend got the Loaded Pierogie and I got the Southern Comfort.  We both agreed that the loaded pierogie was - Ok.  Nothing to write home about.  It was actually pretty bland.  But, we both devoured the Southern Comfort Quesadilla!  It was phenominal.  I will definately order this again!  Check it out, give it a chance!  It's a great place with a great beer selection!
4	Our first visit to Dive was on burger night-which is an excellent deal.My boyfriend was convinced by our server-who was excellent-to order the PB 'N Chutney burger. It sounds gross but it was amazing!We have also had the Reuben eggrolls and the Loaded Croquettes-both of which were large enough to be individual meals. Other favorite dishes include:buffalo chicken egg rolls,the Kahlua pork sliders, and the sweet potato tots (excellent with the cinnamon sugar butterI liked that the egg rolls had a chipotle coating, the flavors blended nicely-like buffalo chicken dip wrapped in an egg roll. The portion size was 3 large egg rolls and I was fine letting my food-deprived friend eat 2. Only suggestion: they served it with ranch and I think blue cheese would have been a better accompaniment. The kahlua sliders were very tasty! We assumed there would be three sliders but there were 4 so I thought that was a good deal for $8. I do not like onion straws so I did eat these minus that ingredient. The pineapple and red pepper chutney was out of this world!it complimented the sweet BBQ sauce well and the pork was deliciously tender. Now the sweet potato fries are an option as a side with any burger (except the sliders), sandwich, or wrap. The cinnamon sugar butter is reason enough to order these. The tots are nothing spectacular but that butter well makes up for that. Also they had some great beers on tap last night, both my friend and I enjoyed Clown Shoes Clementine (corriander and clementine was the flavor profile) which was new to us and Bell's Oberon (an oldy but goody). All in all the beers (6 of them) were the most expensive part of the meal and totaled $30. For $50 this was great food, great beer, and a good time out!) Everything is very reasonably priced, they have a varied menu so that everyone should be able to find something appetizing.
5	Visited on a Saturday evening.  A/C made the place comfortable.  Family all liked their entrees.  Friendly waitress and food came out quickly even with the place pretty full.
3	We started (or tried to start) with some happy hour nachos. I ordered the fajita quesadilla and my fiance got the southern comfort. Both were good, but nothing to write home about. Our appetizer didn't arrive until after our quesadillas as the waitress realized she hadn't brought them to us until she delivered our food. Those things happen sometimes so we were understanding. I will give this place another chance because the service was good, the food was okay, and the atmosphere was good. You also can't beat 1/2 price apps and drafts for their happy hour!
4	Four stars no problem. Happy hour 5 to 7 pm.  This place first shot was great! Nice menu, nice happy hour specials, free parking. All around great!
5	Maybe it was the fact that I was vulnerable, with a cold and skipping the Pitt game.Maybe it was because Dive had the Pitt game on when no one else did.Maybe it was the company, stellar as usual.Maybe it was the beautiful bar and great atmosphere.Maybe it was the Veggie Burrito that fed me for two days and the sweet potato tots with cinnamon butter that left me weak in the knees.Maybe it was the friendly wait staff that never let my creamy cup of delicious coffee hit the bottom.Maybe it was the pages of menu items each more delectable than the last.Or maybe it was everything at Dive. I can't WAIT to go back and try every damn thing on that super-robust menu.  Get thee to Dive, now!
4	Great menu and beer selection. I love the late night happy hour Sat/Sun specials -- 1/2 off apps! If you're looking for a heaping plate of goodness, I recommend the southern comfort sandwich, however, plan on taking a nap when you finish it!  I wish the vibe was a little less pretentious; it's not the most inviting atmosphere if you don't shop at Banana Republic. Other than that, it's a pretty sweet spot in the 10th ward.
4	Really like this place to meet friends for dinner or to grab a quick drink. The atmosphere is super laid back and the bar is so swanky. The food is yummy. The bar tenders are chatty (but not too chatty) and super nice. Also, the wine and beer selection are quite good, especially for a bar on Butler Street. I'll definitely return!
1	This place has terrible service. And I found a long hair in my food. Never go here unless to just drink.
4	Tried Dive around 11:30 on a Saturday morning for brunch after a rough night.  The Hangover sandwich put me right back on track for the day.  It was large and kinda greasy and exactly what my body needed after a pretty serious night out.  The coffee was tasty, as well.
2	Man, I wanted to like this place but I just couldn't.  Nothing good, nothing bad. Average and boring. It was really disappointing. I thought this place was going to compete with Cure or Tender but it just not in the same class. My "Naughty Red Head" cocktail (seriously?) sounded like an amazing gourmet drink based on the ingredients but came out in a giant beer glass and tasted like apple juice. I sent it back saying "I think there is a mistake" and was told "no, that's how the drink is supposed to taste." Great... pretty horrible. The food was fine- boring not that great. I had something with steak and couldn't finish it. This restaurant is not worth the 10 minute walk to get here. Sorry. You need to step it up.
4	Stopped in on a Saturday night alone after work to grab a bite to eat. Bartender was good. Didn't talk much but was attentive and helpful with the menu. Got the thai style steak salad. Was tasty. I thought maybe a little over priced for $12 but generally good.  Generally a good place to grab a bite to eat. I felt comfortable as a single girl sitting at the bar and I like that the kitchen is open till midnight. Will stop by again.
3	This place is just ok.  First it was not really what I expected, since it's not actually a "dive bar" as the name implies, but I guess some sort of hipster ironic version of a dive bar that actually serves some fancy drink and food selections (but also some casual comfort food as well).  The menu was actually quite overwhelming and all over the place in the options provides, from these "bowls" that consisted of fries with various meats and cheeses and other things on top of them, to ahi tuna sliders, to risotto, to fried pickles.  I couldn't detect any sort of common theme to it, as the options included anything from American, southern, Italian, Asian, Mexican, etc.  I ordered the gouda risotto with hangar steak (or maybe it was a flank steak). The risotto was actually quite well done and tasty.  However, the steak that came with it was a huge disappointment.  They asked me how I wanted it cooked and I asked for medium rare, but it was medium well in the center and beyond well done on the edges, with some black charring on the ends.  It was quite chewy and flavorless and difficult to eat.  If this were a fancier place I would've sent it back, but I felt strange doing that in a place called "Dive Bar" and the server, while prompt and attentive, never actually asked how our food was.  We also had the fried pickles app which was tasty.  Some of my friends had the sweet potato tots which were really interesting and tasty.  They have a number of interesting cocktails on their cocktail menu, as well as a selection of wines and beers.  I ordered a cocktail called "The Aristocrat" but it ended up being too sweet and limey for my taste, though it was ok.  I really liked the ambiance here, included the background music (including selections such as the theme song from Requiem for a Dream), the artwork, candle chandeliers, and panel of digital flames on the wall, and nice wooden tables, though the giant TV screen with football on it was in rather stark contrast.
