2	I really didn't know what to make of this place when I first saw it.  It looked like a shopping center, but one look inside tells a different story.  It's actually a historical building that houses a few businesses, and had plaques and displays on the walls telling the stories of some of the men who helped develop the south end area.  After reading about their various deeds I came to the conclusion that like most historically great men, these guys were misguided elitists.  Culturally accepted child labor and class-ism aside, this place had a kind of creepy old institution/ Resident Evil feel to it.  But then I'm into that kind of thing.  It's a nice place to visit if you're in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't seek it out.
4	A Restored Mill in South End, with lots of Character!  Salons, Restaurants, Shopping and sometimes a "Market", sometimes an Art Show!  Inches away from the Light Rail.What I LOVE most about Atherton Mill besides the Charm of the Mill is: :Big Ben British PubZucca PizzaSavory Spice ShopAtherton Mill has changed a lot in the last ten years!  T - Rex is gone... Other have moved out and in, still the romance of the old Mill is unchanging!
3	I love coming here Saturdays!!  There are many shops and restaurants.  It is right off the light rail too but there is plenty of parking in the private lot.The market on Saturdays is awesome - a ton of vendors with local products.  Hopefully you can make it before 2pm and have a wine tasting.  It is so fun to wander through and pick up a jar of honey, some gourmet vegan food, meats from local butcher, bread from local bakery etc.  Love coming here!
4	I'm so glad that I was introduced to this place!  First off, it's host to the second Not Just Coffee in the area.  I'd visit again for the coffee alone!  It's nice to grab a cup of coffee and check out the rest of the vendors.  Bakeries with sweets and bread to sample, a fresh pickle vendor with samples, farmers market selections, fresh fish....wow.Saturday is the best day of the week to go because that's when you're likely to experience all of the vendors.  The trick is to get there early.  Several of the vendors only bring a limited supply of their offerings.  If you get there too late the best things are gone!  I only wish that they were open on Sundays!Hit them up for some of the best pimento cheese, freshest bread and largest sweet potatoes around!  Invite me over when you're serving any of the above!
