4	This is Kitchener's local Toys R Us location.  The store is quite large and has a great selection of toys and games.  When my wife and I were looking for a specific toy for a gift, we were able to find it here where we were not able to find it anywhere else.  This was also the place I was able to find a Wii Fit and Balance Board when they were sold out everywhere else (wow that seems so long ago, when the Wii Fit was so popular).  The store can be a bit pricier than the other big box competition, but I am happy that I can find someone to help me here versus elsewhere.There is also a Babies R Us at this location as well.
1	This review is for Babies R Us. Being the only department store for baby products, the selections are poor, the merchandise is generally over-priced, and the display is messy.The biggest problem is the staff there. They are not helpful nor efficient. I have been there more than ten times buying and returning things, and had to wait over 15 minutes every time, which was just frustrating.One cashier was particularly rude and it totally ruined our experience. I never returned to the store since.Other options in town include Walmart (unbeatable return policy), Winners (fantastic bargains), and buying online.
2	As a kid born in the 1970's, hearing about Toys R Us was a big deal. An entire store devoted to children's toys. I grew up in a city without a Toys R Us and never got the chance to go when I was a child. Now that I have a child of my own and live in Waterloo Region this is the Toys R Us that I am close to. I must say this store does not have the appeal my idealogical childhood expected and maybe that is the problem.Sure the selection and quantity of toys here is pretty good. Pretty darn good actually, it is the rest of the business that appears to need a reboot. I am not sure if this is all the stores in the chain or this one. First off, where are the nice displays or demonstrations? There appear to be none. This place is run like a Costco except that at Costco the place is well taken care of and the staff is pretty switched on to their jobs. This place is falling apart. The front of the store needed a repaint 5-10 years ago and really looks run down. This whole mall is depressing, but that is besides the point. The inside is also dirty and run down. I find the displays are all over the place and the whole place is a bit unkempt. This is a children's store. It should be vibrant and upbeat. Clean is not a lot to ask for.On the Babies R Us side, I think things are a little different. The staff seems to be more knowledgeable about the products they sell but only marginally. The warehouse layout continues however and the general malaise of the store continues.The family room for changing or feeding babies is a nice touch and seems to be in okay shape, but not spectacular. On a final note, the check out lines take forever. Especially on the Babies R Us side. Overall, I would suggest Mastermind Toys (there is one in Waterloo King/Weber).
1	Poor customer service. Unhelpful staff. Not ready to help customers find things they are looking for. Seems like they don't care about customers.
