4	The guys here are super nice and friendly. Girly girl and uneducated automobile owner that I am, they did not make me feel stupid or out of place at all. They joked around with us about my tailpipe (I backed into a curb/tree.... yes, it's true) and seemed VERY knowledgeable and unlikely to trick or overcharge you.They informed me that they give free oil changes with every tire rotation. NICE, no more driving to BFE Phoenix, using all my gas to change it at my dealership. Bonus points: I brought my car in with a dragging tailpipe 30 minutes before close and they fixed it no problem AND checked and filled the tires for 27 bucks. Amazing. I'll be back!
5	Excellent service at a fair price. They give their customers an honest assessment and provide quality work as necessary. These guys are pros. They do not create or make up problems with your vehicle like many crooks who call themselves mechanics often do. This is the only place I take my car for service. You will not be disappointed!!
2	These guys wanted to charge me $100 to change a cabin air filter on my Toyota.  It took me 45 seconds to change it out myself in their parking lot. Then they kept hounding me about buffing my headlight lenses for $37 a pop. They used to be really honest and reputable. Now they seem to want to prey on female patrons.  It saddens me.  Don't do business here if you're a woman.  They'll gouge you.
5	These guys are truly amazing. Chance one of their ex employees ( studying to be an accountant) helped us out in a walmart parking lot with our car that wouldn't start. HeKnew exactly how to get it going ( cleaned the battery terminals) and saved us a world of grief. He recommended A&E Automotive for a brake job that we needed. Mario and Jim who run the shop did an excellent job at a more than reasonable price. These areGuys you can trust with your vehicle...they are soooo honest and friendly.I highly recommend them to service your car.Paul
5	We really like this shop. The owners are fair and honest,  helpful and efficient. It was recommended to us by friends, a real gift  as we drive older cars.
1	DO NOT go to  A & E Automotive!!!  Take it from someone who got ripped off.    They tried to gouge me on part prices...part was $210 at the parts store and they said the part was over $300!!!   They charged me $150 to replace 2 bushings that: 1)  Didn't need to be replaced and 2) Was a job that simply needed 2 bolts loosened and the bushings replaced.Obviously they are only interested in a one and done customer base as I will never go there again.
5	Always honest, prompt and fair in my dealing with them.  Never a misdiagnosis and always well explained.If you're looking for a one stop mechanic shop I wouldn't hesitate to recommend A&E, especially ask for Mario as he is my go to guy!
