5	This is the place to go to buy a bear. No one else is even close to the experience they provide for kids. The staff is very great hands on and caring. They really manage to help kids feel special when buying and personalizing a new best bear buddy. Keep up the good work. The have a amazing selection and seem to always have new stuff. If you have a kids or grandkid take them here you will waych them light up and leave super happy.
5	I am a big fan of Build-a-Bear Workshop. I visited this particular store only once, but was very happy with the experience. The employees were friendly, pleasant and made it fun. Despite my age (24), they did not judge the fact that I was excited to be making stuffed animals. :) I was also pleasantly surprised by the fact that the newest Halloween bear I was getting at the time, was at a very decent price! I was expecting it to be more since it had just come out. I hope to go back soon!
5	My daughter just loves his place this staff is so helpful they give it to job done right I have fun just looking at all the cute bears the hello Kitty ones really cute I like Spiderman Batman and all of the Star Wars characters itself but the storage space really superclean to help you register the bear birth certificate and it's still priced fairly reasonable. You need to come in and check it out before the holiday madness comes in right now it's pretty safe.
4	My chief complaint is THE LINE!  Every time we come by here there's never much of a line but when we finally show up one day to actually build a bear, there was a party going on, it was a holiday and everybody and their kid just HAD to get a bear that day.  Goodness!  I think if there's a party going on, it would be beneficial to have a separate stuffing machine for the party kids.  We waited at least 40 minutes to get our pony stuffed.The process is fun though.  I loved watching my daughter pick stuff out.  It definitely all adds up so maybe come prepared.  It might be a good idea to know beforehand what accessories you want to get for your stuffie b'c once you're in that zone of getting stuff, it's hard to tell your kid no.  Well, it as for me.  Definitely worth doing at least once.  Our My Little Pony cost us $80+ so it doesn't come cheap so preparation may help keep your costs down!
