5	Hunka hunka HELL YEAH!! Free Elvis show inside of Bill's Gamblin' Hall!!  This is a great show on the strip.  Be sure to get there early the lounge fills up quick.http://www.bigelvis.biz/He normally performs:Monday - Friday 3 p.m. | 5 p.m. | 6:30 p.m.Inside Bill's Gamblin' Hall - next to Bally's"Pete "Big Elvis" Vallee is the 2006 Best of Las Vegas Elvis Impersonator. He performs all the hits of the King of Rock 'n' Roll plus other popular tunes spanning six decades. Big Elvis interacts with his audience, invites them to participate in his show and performs their requests."
5	Big elvis was a lotta fun.  And I am not even an elvis fan!  It was a great show.  You have to get there early in order to get a seat.  Oh and dont forget about the one dollar margaritas!
5	Big Elvis is essentially what I think of when I see "ELVIS IMPERSONATOR" written or talked about.  All-Caps giant guy singing along to Aloha concert backgrounds in a lounge, appreciative and clearly intoxicated crowd cheering, and the dinging of slot machines in the near distance.  Bill's knows exactly what it is in Vegas, and Big Elvis is that personified... in a big way.  A huhhhh huhhh yeahhhh!
5	Went to see Big Elvis in Oct 09, just to Waste time before dinner, this show was one of the best shows on the Vegas strip, and it's free, the show was so good went back to see 4 times before I went home. A must see when in Vegas
2	The meh isn't a knock on Big Elvis, but, rather, a knock on the venue.  Buffalo Bill's Gamblin Hall didn't have the decency to inform anyone that a stand in was performing when we went.  The stand in was OK, but was pretty disappointing to sit through what seemed to us to be a warm up act only to realize after about four songs that the act we came to see would not be performing.  It's a small room, and we didn't want to be rude, so we sat through the entire hour show.  Tip:  Before you sit down, confirm that Big Elvis is actually performing.
5	Hands down, this is the best free show in Vegas. Being a lover of all things Elvis, I am a huge fan of Big Elvis. In my humble opinion, his voice is far better than any other Elvis tribute artist in town. In fact, better than any anywhere. And you get to hear him sing for free! Does it get any better than that?Oh, it does. There are old ladies swooning as they relive their Elvis memories of the past, drunk frat boys disappointed in the lack of women to hit on but having a good time anyways, other Elvis impersonators, audience participation (with prizes), and a Conway Twitty impersonator. I often can't believe this is free - and 3 times a day. It's awesome in every way possible - and totally an only in Vegas experience.I suggest arriving 20 minutes or so before the show and grabbing a seat at the bar (as opposed to the tables). This enables you to secure a good viewing spot and you can play video poker and drink free beer while you wait.
4	Love Big Elvis!  This is great place to take a break and listen to some great music and enjoy a cheap drink!  Big Elvis has a great voice and is a great entertainer.  You'd be surprised how crowded this place gets for his show, so come early.  Also be prepared to be the youngest person there if you are under 30.  Can't wait to go back to Bill's Gambling Hall to check out his show again!
5	Pete Vallee a.k.a Big Elvis is a must see for any Elvis Presley fan. He has a fantastic voice and a great personality. He takes the time to give you background on the songs he's performing and really sounds like The King. There is plenty of audience participation as well. Get there early if you want a good seat because Big E packs the house. He has a meet and greet after the show where you can get an autograph and/or get a pic. Even if your not a huge Elvis fan (which I can't understand lol) the show is free and it's a great way to spend an hour on any Vegas trip. Pete just may open your eyes to the greatness of Elvis. Keep on Taking Care of Bussiness Pete.
4	Very entertaining and recommended if you are on the strip!  Big Elvis has a pretty good voice too.  We arrived 20 min prior to the show and took the last table and chairs.  People were standing all around.  The show starts at 3pm and lasts for 1 hour.  Show times are 3, 5 and 7:15pm.  There is no cover charge or drink purchase requirement...good old fashion free entertainment!
5	Everytime I visit Vegas I include a Big Elvis show, fantastic entertainment and it's free.He might not have his moves but his voice is very faithful to the Kings, the Bills lounge has cheap drinks and a great atmosphere but get there early if you want a good seat.
5	must see show for free when on the strip.Out of 50,000 worldwide Elvis impersonators Pete is ranked in the top 10 he really is very very good.I find the shows a little quick you just want to see more.When I saw him he had lost over 400 lbs ,good for him the world needs more people like Pete aka Big Elvis
4	I love me some Elvis. In fact I'm a member of two of the Elvis fan clubs in town. Okay maybe I just shared too much. Anywho, I was reminded by last weekends' article in the newspaper about Big Elvis so I had to revisit. Big Elvis is pure entertainment. I've seen many impersonators in my time (again sharing too much) and he has one the best voices in the business. He usually has another entertainer that will sing various artists like Conway Twitty or Johnny Cash. I've also seen him invite other impersonators from the audience to get up and sing as well, which is always a treat! If you're looking for a free fun time go see Big Elvis!
4	After visiting Bill's for years, I finally had the opportunity to stop by on a Monday afternoon during Big Elvis' performance. Lots of people singing and clapping along and really getting into the show. Probably an average age of 60 in the seating area with the younger fans mostly standing around the edges or at Bill's large rectangular bar. I really only payed attention for a couple songs before finding my place at the craps table, but Elvis' crooning was a perfect backdrop to some low-stakes gambling in this classic casino.
5	Lots of fun and for free!  Big Elvis is fantastic.  Word of mouth from some friends told us to take a look.  Highly recommend!  He has to be one of the best impressionists of Elvis.  Loved the show!
5	Taking care of business!!! I've recently been to Graceland, and am still in a hunka hunka burnin' love Elvis-phase. I knew on this trip to LV I'd have to pay homage to the King somehow, so when Yelp tipped me off to Big Elvis, I dragged my good humored and easily amused Mom to Bill's Gambling Saloon to see him. Like others said, Big Elvis has got quite the chops, though not the waggling hips (but I associate that with early Elvis though). I was probably one of three people under 50 there, but seeing all the older lady BFFs rocking out to the tunes warmed my heart. One of my favorite Vegas experiences so far!
5	Big Elvis is the best Elvis impersonator in Las Vegas, and his show is the best free show!  It also helped introduce us to Bill's Gamblin' Hall, which is a nice little saloon and casino.  Big Elvis captures the original Elvis's voice and spirit perfectly.  He doesn't move around much, but probably neither would the real Elvis at this stage of his life.  I can only echo the advice that others on Yelp have given:  Get there early, enjoy a few of the reasonably priced drinks and moderate table limits while you're waiting for Big Elvis, and settle in for some of the best free entertainment in the city.  You'll probably pay good money to see some other Las Vegas shows that aren't nearly this entertaining.
5	Nothing says Vegas like free drinks, table games with friendly dealers, and big Elvis.Don't miss it. He is an institution. I don't even like Elvis and I make it a point to stop by every visit!
5	this is a must see show.  in fact, my husband and i will be going to vegas again this year, and this is the first show we will take in.  big elvis is a hunk a hunk of burning fun.  and yes, his voice is just like elvis'.  and i was lucky enough to see the "king" twice before he died.everyone will love this show.  although you do have to be 21 + since it is in a casino bar.  the show is family rated though.
2	I don't love Elvis nor do I hate him, so I came into this with an open mind. I like music and I always enjoy a free concert. Unfortunately, I left this show feeling empty. Be weary of Big Elvis.Pros:- Great voice. Big Elvis belts out the best tunes in perfect pitch- The show is in Bill's which is one of the best casinos on the strip- It's free! Drinks and merch are available for purchaseCons:- The crowd has an average age of 65- Big Elvis doesn't stand up. He sits in front of the stage. No, not on the stage. In front of it. Why this happens, I have no idea. What I do know is that it makes him impossible to see if you're 20 or more feet away from the stage- The music and noise from the casino, street, etc is distracting and will drown out Big Elvis if you're not close to the stage- The opening act (Kenny Rogers lookalike) sings a few songs to kick things off, only to come back near the end of the show to sing a few more. No one is impressed- Big Elvis dips into the king's gospel catalog quite a bit. If you're not a fan of his slower tunes, you may fall asleepI know, I know, haters gonna hate. As a big fan of kitschy Vegas, it was hard not to get behind this strange act. However, Big Elvis is simply missing the zing that makes Vegas entertainment so special.
4	So this big guy- that looks like Elvis- sits in a chair and sings you some Elvis tunes.  What else could you want??Located in Bill's Gambling Hall, look for the tiny stage near the bar. If you see a crowd where the average age is 60 then you've found the right place.  Performance days and times can be found on his website.Just a heads up - he is apparently crazy popular.  We got in 20 minutes before his 3 p.m. Friday show and we couldn't find a table to sit at.  I would definitely recommend getting in early to get a table because we wound up not being able to see anything sitting at the bar.Really nice guy with a great voice, plus he wears a shiny Elvis costume!
3	This is a must do on a visit to Vegas.  Started as a kind of joke, you know, the Elvis impersonator Vegas thing.  I'm not even an Elvis fan but, this guy is great!!  Find the time... You won't regret it.
4	I have had a relationship with The Big Elvis Show for eleven years. It has been a unique relationship. I drink a beer or coffee and Big Elvis sings Elvis Presley songs. Actually whether it be in Bill's Gambling Hall or now Harrah's Piano Bar, Big Elvis has been performing to a sold out room. What makes Big Elvis a great performer is that it seems that he is singing directly to each person in the room. That is a sign of charisma. Big Elvis ought to be called Big Charisma.  There are countless Elvis Presley imitators. What makes Big Elvis stand out from the Elvis Presley imitators is his remarkable voice. Before the show starts and between sets, they will play a Big Elvis album. In all honesty I have not been able to tell the difference between the voice of The King of Rock & Roll and the self-named King of the Strip. The three sets from 2 to 7 PM on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday showcase his voice. All eyes and ears are drawn on this giant of a man seated on a king chair singing Elvis Presley songs backed up by music from a karaoke machine. I have never grew tired of his voice. The songs he sings range from fast numbers that include "Viva Las Vegas," Burning Love,"and "Little Sister" to ballads that include  "My Way" and "Always on My Mind." My favorite Big Elvis moment is when he sings "American Trilogy," which is a very patriotic song that he dedicates to the troops.  In the years that I have seen the Big Elvis Show, my opinion of the show has ranged from three to five stars. A back story to the show has been Big Elvis' s major weight loss. He went from weighing in the ball park of 950 pounds to approximately 450 pounds. That is 500 pounds lost. In a way a back story of the Big Elvis show is that determination pays. The best Big Elvis shows were a couple of years ago in 2009, after he lost all that weight. In 2013 there have been changes that keep the show from a five star rating. The Sun Studios Dueling Guitar set is gone. Chuck Rawlins, a Conway Twitty impersonator with a five star voice, who was a part of the act has left the show. The Big Elvis Show has moved from the party time atmosphere of Bill's Gambling Hall to the corporate atmosphere of Harrah's Piano Bar. Where Bill's Gambling Hall served pitchers of beer for $7, Harrah's sells small bottles of beer for $7 (next store small bottles of beer are $1 at Casino Royale). In Bill's Gambling Hall it seemed that the King of the Strip was the King of Bill's Gambling Hall. The sounds of the Big Elvis Show dominated the open spaces of Bill's Gambling Hall. When Big Elvis performed a people at the slot machines and bar celebrated with Big Elvis. However in Harrah's Piano Bar, the room is cramped and the pianos in the center cause visibility issues.  The Big Elvis Show is more than listening to Elvis Presley and classics by other artists. The Big Elvis Show has a couple of audience participation segments. One is where a man in the audience will dress up in an Elvis wig and play a balloon guitar while five women from the audience join him in dancing. Usually Big Elvis is performing "Burning Love" or "Viva Las Vegas." People will find it entertaining or corny. I find it the later, and never once participated. I recommend seeing the Big Elvis Show. Admission is a $7 beer. Not expensive for a show! Big Elvis sings the songs made famous by a man that he admires. It shows! Elvis Presley's real life best friend Sonny West was the best man at Big Elvis' s public wedding in Bill's Gambling Hall. Big Elvis wears Elvis Presley's TCB (Taking Care of Business) ring. Through his admiration, Big Elvis introduces songs with interesting Elvis Presley facts and follows a few similar traditions of an Elvis Presley concert. Big Elvis might give a scarf to a person in the audience. And he could end the last set with "Can't Help Falling in Love With You."  My relationship with the Big Elvis Show appears to be strong. Big Elvis still has big charisma that leaves me feeling anything but all shook up.The Daniel. S Challenge. Review 86.
5	THE BEST free show in Vegas, PERIOD.  While the Fremont Street Experience, Mirage Volcano, Bellagio Fountains are all great free shows, there is something about Pete (Big Elvis) that I enjoy.  This is a must see for everyone, Elvis fan or not.
5	John Lennon said "Before Elvis, there was nothing."Well before Big Elvis there was something, but we're better off now that we've got Big Elvis too. BE presents a fun, enjoyable, skillful rendition of the King's hits, as well as covers and requests. Seeing Big Elvis has become a tradition for me and over the years he has never disappointed. I'd rather see Big Elvis than Britney, Elton, or that Canadian broad who sang the theme from Titantic anyday
5	My husband and I accidentally caught this show in 2011 at Bills and we feel in love with big elvis. He's a sweetie with an amazing elvis voice. When I came back to vegas this week with my mom, this was the first thing I wanted to take her to. The new venue isn't as good, but I don't care. This guy is a trip highlight for me. But don't expect a celion doing type show, that's not what this is. It's just a down to earth, old school vegas style show with an awesome dude.
5	Big Elvis has the most amazing voice.  The best FREE show.  Go see him!
5	"Big Elvis"This is home to Big Elvis and worth a visit. He plays in yhe afternoon 2 to 6. The price of drinks here expensive however
5	Peter (Big Elvis) is without doubt one of the best shows I have seen in Vegas, and I have paid to see some of the bigger shows. His voice is amazing, not only did he sing Elvis songs but he also sang Lois Armstrong. In summary a must see in Vegas, certainly gave me that feel good factor and goose pimples on my neck 10 out of 10.
5	ok, our group had the youngest people in the bar by about 30 years, but we sill had a blast. the best part was when he sang "fools rush in" and all the couples got up to slow dance. it was the cutest thing ever. big elvis is also happy to take photos with guests after the show. he is huge!
