4	Fantastic onion soup!  Rich flavor lots of onions simmered all day, and just the right amout of what must be gruyere (sp?).  Anyway- worth it for that.  I have had the mussles and they are good.  Chicken was bon, but, then again, it is just roasted chicken.  I wish they would get together with the new French bakery for their bread!  Bread at Boulevard- 'eh; bread at bakery- c'est magnifique!  Overall, though this place is a gem in FH.
3	ORDER THE BACON! It was the highlight of the meal. Oh and the very strong coffee was amazing if you like french style coffee. So the buckwheat crepes were not what I expected. They were good, but the hash browns were cold. The french toast was good but not remarkable. I will be going back for the coffee and the dessert crepes and to try the croque madame, but overall I would have been happier ordering the fresh fruit and chocolate croissant.
2	Since moving to Fountain Hills 2 years ago, we have been constantly on the search for a good restaurant right here in town, but have not found one yet. Last week we had lunch at the Boulevard Cafe. The menu looked quite tasty. My husband ordered the quiche, I had the Nicoise. His quiche was cheesy and oily, not fluffy at all. The bread was stale. My Nicoise was OK, but they used yucky cheap canned olives. How hard can it be to use some nice cured olives??? Our waiter never asked if we needed a soda refill (the place was not crowded, yet he never came around)We will try the place again to give it second chance.
3	Looking for breakfast food after driving in from PHX, we use the wonderful Yelp mobile app.  My buddy just drove around town while I had my iphone pointing out the window.  Sounds silly, but much better than a typical out-of-town crap shoot finding a place to eat.I got the crepe with ham, cheese, with a sunny-side-up egg on top.  It was tasty.  The egg definitely finishes this dish well.  And the crepe was hammy, cheesy delicious.  The accompanying pommes frites was a disappointment -- literally just regular frozen french fries.  At least it wasn't wavy I suppose.My double espresso was more like very strong coffee, but it hit the spot.  Service was friendly.
4	This is a fun little bistro that let's you bring your own wine. My Dad lives in FH and it is a frequent stop for us when I am in town. If this was in NYC or LA I'd give it 3 stars, but for metro Phoenix is deserves 4 stars because there are SO many chain restaurants here in AZ. Therefore, when you find a privately owned place that serves good food with the personal touch I am always a fan!
5	closed
