5	Just as Jan and I were lamenting the lack of authentic Thai restaurants in the Valley, we happened to fall upon Thai House in North Scottsdale yesterday.  And what a find it is!  We dropped by after shopping at the nearby Staples to check out the menu and felt great vibes right away.  It was packed with the office lunch crowd and the room was filled with delicious aromas.  If it wasn't for the fact that we had just stuffed our faces at Indian Paradise's buffet, we would have ordered something. I couldn't stop thinking about the promise of good Thai food and ordered the Pad Kee Mao noodles and Prik Khing stirfry for lunch today.  Even two hours after I had ordered the takeout and managed to finally sit down for lunch, the food was still off the hook.  It totally compared to the Thai food we've had in LA's Thai Town and even Bangkok where Jan's from.Pad Kee Mao is a fiery spicy stirfry of flat rice noodles with choice of meat, egg, garlic, onion, bell peppers, chili and Thai basil leaves.  We were impressed by how al dente yet ungreasy the noodles were.  Our beef was tender and the flavors were spot on.The Prik King is a stirfry of meat in red curry paste, green beans, bell pepper and kaffir lime leaves.  The generous garnish of finely julienned kaffir limes leaves struck us even before we dug into the dish.  It's labeled as lemon leaves on the menu probably to not scare off customers.  The leaves offer a deliciously complex and zesty contrast to strongly flavored dishes.  We find that often in the Valley these authentic touches are left out because the restaurant owners find that patrons don't notice the difference.  It's a slippery slope.It does seem presumptious to rate Thai House based on only two dishes but I can't remember the last time I smiled ear to ear after eating a meal out of a styrofoam box.  To top it off, the dining room is homey and service is friendly.  I can't wait to go back to try the other dishes.
4	Damn... Helen Y beat me to the punch and got the FTR for this place!  Oh well, I will say that she did a great job with her review - I think I was Thai in a past life; I swear, I could eat Thai food every night and be happy.  I was having a usual Thai food craving, so I popped into Thai House this evening and ordered the spicy eggplant dish (add extra veggies and tofu) - medium spice + brown rice to go.  (Yes, they have brown rice!)  I was totally blown away by how great  my dinner was!The sauce was just spicy enough, the tofu firm, and the veggies flavorful.  I was impressed that the order was filled with big chunks of luscious eggplant (I really love eggplant), but since I had them add extra veggies, it came with spinach, mushrooms, cabbage, broccoli, carrots, onions, and peppers too.  My total was $11.82, and I had the best dinner I've had in a long while.  I probably could've had enough leftover for lunch tomorrow, but it was so good, i ate it all!I can't wait to go back to Thai House to try some of the other menu items soon!  If you're looking for good Thai food in Scottsdale, give Thai House a shot!
4	Whoops, I forgot the name to this place and reviewed it under "Thai Hut." There goes my only first review!  Here is my old review:Wow, this place is great! It is a small diner-ish place in a shopping center, but the service was good and the food was great! I was starving when we came here for lunch after a morning of shopping for cars (ugh). I ordered the yellow curry noodles (a dish I've never seen at a Thai place but ordered on a whim), 3 out of 5 spicy; my boyfriend ordered panang curry 5 stars spicy on the lunch special (comes with soup and rice). Both were great, although he said his could be spicier (3 out of 5 was a good medium spice for me). After mediocre Thai restaurants in Tempe, I was pleasantly surprised with this place. Too bad it is so far away! Best Thai food I've had in Phoenix area so far ...
4	It was the euphoria of the deliciously spicy Pad Kee Mao and Pad Phrik King  that prompted the five star review.  After returning for another takeout, I have to, unfortunately, remove one star for the disappointingly lacklustre Som Tum (papaya salad) and Larb (ground chicken salad with herbs).  Both dishes were unbalanced and one dimensional - we tasted only fish sauce and chilies - many of the other components were missing.  The fish sauce didn't even taste Thai (there is a huge difference between fish sauce from Thailand vs Vietnam - probably depending on the type of fish used).  Wonder if the chef was on summer vacation.So 5 stars for Pad Kee Mao and Pad Phrik King (ask for it to be spicy in Thai if you want it  really spicy - "Phed Maa").  3 stars for the Som Tum and Larb.  We'll have to go back and test out some other dishes to give a final verdict.
4	Thai HouseMy new iPhone is becoming a great tool for finding new places to eat. The combination of being location aware with GPS and the Yelp Application mean that I can find places to eat nearby very quickly. Last night this happened when I was leaving work and needed to get a bite to eat before heading home. So I brought up Yelp and hit Restaurants and Filtered them down to within 1 mile of my current location, having a maximum of $$ for price, and being open(a critical factor often overlooked with most online restaurant finders). the result was an Ice Cream Shop and Thai House. Being 31 I opted for Thai over Treat.Thai House is located in the Sonora Village shopping center just south of Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd and west of the 101. Its near Rays Pizza and just north of Best Buy. The setting is straight forward diner style with tables and three booths. One nice touch is the mirrored walls on each side of the dining room making it seem three times larger and lightening everything up.I ordered the Rad Nah and some hot Green Tea. I was served in less than 5 minutes to a steaming bowl of Tofu, Broccoli, and Noodles in a delicious broth. I had asked for Medium spice and that was good but still burned my throat a bit. the dish was delicious but a bit warm. I suggest letting it sit for a few minutes, or eat with someone else and share your dishes. This will help to cool the items and give you the opportunity to connect.Overall I recommend the Thai House for a nice quick meal. They are Vegetarian Friendly and will substitute Tofu for any of the meats.
4	Went to Thai House again today and ordered the Pad Kee Mao and Phrik King that prompted us to enthusiastically give Thai House 5 stars.  Unfortunately we were disappointed.  Neither dishes were as fiery and complex in flavor as the first time.  We ordered beef with both again and the beef was not as moist and tender as previously.   However even though they were not 5 star dishes, they were still much better than most Thai meals we've had in the Valley.
4	I don't know what this place looks like since my girlfriend picked up the food both times I've had it... but I can tell you that the Pad Sew Eu, Pad Thai, Pad Won Ton Soup, Spring Rolls, and Spicy Eggplant dishes were just what the doctor (or Gabi in my case) ordered. Thai is usually not my first choice of food when we're figuring out what's for dinner, but this place does not disappoint.  I'm sure my arm will be twisted into taking out (or maybe even eating in) Thai House again soon.
1	So I came here in a rec from everyone, and yes, the food was pretty delicious. What wasn't delicious was the way I was feeling the next day - and most of the week. Yep, good old food poisoning, and this was the likely culprit (only other thing I had eaten to that point was pizza that other colleagues had joined in on). Had egg rolls, green curry with chicken, and a thai tea. Sorry, not much more to say than that. Might have been an "off" night for 'em, but I was reeling for the rest of my business trip. Yikes.
3	This restaurant has been open for about 7 months in my old 'hood in Scottsdale in the Sonora shopping mall off the 101 and FLW between the Best Buy and Staples. The restuarant has a sister location in Mesa.The owners are Thai. The decor is clean, neat, almost quaint, and without a lot of Thai decorative influences. They do play a sort of Ttradional Thai melodies meets New Age Relaxation type CD, and it is relaxing. I came for lunch. They run 10 lunch specials for $6.95, which includes a side salad of romaine and carrot strips with a light soy/sesame dressing. To satisfy the mostly Caucasian Scottsdale neighborhood, the choices are part Chinese (Orange Chicken, Kung Pao), Japanese (Chicken Teriyaki) and Thai (Pad Thai, Panang).I had Panang Chicken curry, which came with your choice of fried or steamed rice (steamed Jasmine). The curry comes in your preferred spice level from 1 to 5. Pick 3, which is about right for most. The curry had a nice flavor, with nice small pieces of chicken with juliened red bell peppers. I added a Thai iced tea to drink for $2. They have the usual colors of curries, all about $10, soups like Tom Yum Koong, Salads like Yum Woon Sen, Larb, and Papaya, and noodles like Pad Thai, Pad Se Ew, and Rad Nar. A bit Americanized, but tasty and very reasonable. There are few choices for Thai in Scottsdale, so if you have craving, try this one.
4	The Pad Kee Mao is awesome!
4	Love the spring rolls! The food is what you mainly come here ( I know- sounds weird) but if you are like me and enjoy a little ambiance with you dinner, this little spot does not provide much. The waitresses have always been really pleasant and work hard. They are quick in serving you, so if you are really hungry, go here and they will fill your belly with some yummy thai goodness. If you are thristy for a beer, go to Four Peaks around the corner because they do not serve any liquor. I definitely would order take-out from this little spot anytime!
4	I love this place!  Perfect for take-out or a casual dinner out.  My faves are the yellow curry noodles, panang curry and pad thai.  Portions are huge.  If you do take-out, get extra rice to soak up all the yummy sauce.  The employees are friendly and the prices just right.  The food is always delish.  One of my favorite little finds.
4	Met a friend here for lunch today... We got there at 10:50 so we had to wait till the doors opened at 11:00 The location is pretty small with 3 booths on each side and tables in the middle. Ordered wantons to start and I liked the sauce they served with them. Ordered spicy noodles with beef # 3 on the spicy. My friend ordered the curried chicken with coconut milk. It took about 5 minutes for the food to come and both dishes were very good and very fresh tasting as the basil they used really came through. Service was friendly. No complaints! Will definitely go back to get my Thai fix and will probably crank up the heat to a #4 next time I go. (spice ranges from 1 to 5)
4	I was craving some Pad Thai and I had passed by the Thai House on numerous occasions but never stopped so on a whim I decided to give it a try. I am so happy that I did. I ordered take out and it took about 6 mins total from the time I ordered my food to the time I was walking out of the door. (Yes that quick)  I got home and devoured as much of the Pad Thai as I could which doesn't say much as I have over half of it left. Lots of food for a small price and the Pad Thai was really good. I ended up getting #4 spice on the side to add  to it and it made it even better.  (Their spices range from 0 to 5) I will definitely be going back to try their other menu items. If you are interested in some good Thai food on a budget, definitely try out the Thai House as I doubt you will leave hungry or disappointed.
4	We love the Thai House, the food is great. As many of the past reviews mentioned. I don't care for spicy food at all so whenever I order the red cury (delish) I always get a ZERO because it still comes out with spice, so rate low if you don't want too much of a mouth burn.The only thing I was disappointed about was when my little boy wanted regular fried rice, no veggies, no meat, just rice and the soy sauce and they charged us $8.00 - would have thought it would be less.Other than that, everything is pretty good.The lunch combos are good but the salad that it comes with needs to be worked on. I suggest the soup.Fast and delish!
3	Clean, tasty, fast, fresh, comfortable, bright and friendly. Great for a quick lunch. Address misleading: it's down southbound SR101 Frontage Rd from Frank Lloyd Wright, behind Wendy's, then right, past Best Buy.--small dining room looks great after the remodel--lunch specials make it easy for those "stimulus" menu diners--extremely fast service gets you in and out in 20 minutes if you're in a rush, and it's full service--spicy hotness scaled from 1-5, though 5 barely caught my attention--request for "oil/vinegar" brought small cup of distilled vinegar. ew.--fried rice not made to order, but who can beat the price?
3	I got take-out from here on a business trip to Scottsdale, and it was OK.  Cute, clean place, pleasant service.  I got a green chicken curry and it was nothing special... not much flavor.  Not bad, but not great.
5	I must admit I fell into a bit of a funk when Malee's, my go-to Thai place within 10 minutes of home, closed at Desert Ridge. Where else could I get great Thai in a short drive? Luckily, I saw the Yelp praise for Thai House and tried it for lunch today. This place is authentic and delicious! The pad thai and panang chicken were both stellar! The full verdict will be in once I try their Tom Kha soup, but it was too hot for that on an AZ summer day. The service is quick and the atmosphere is nice (very light and contemporary for a Thai place). Thank you, Thai House...you are my new go-to!
4	Since we moved to Scottsdale four years ago, we had been looking for a neighborhood Thai restaurant that we could go back to again and again, and we found it with Thai House.  The food is consistently good.  The servers are friendly and knowledgeable.  They never forget to ask you "how spicy" on a scale of 1 to 5.  The red curry is my favorite, and they don't mind making it without bell peppers for me.  I ask for some green beans or broccoli instead and they are always accommodating for me!  A huge thumbs up!!!!
5	I'm pretty picky about my Thai and I love Thai food, and I have to say the Tom Yum soup here is FANTASTIC and totally passed the test. Also, I really enjoyed the red curry. The ginger beef dish was decent, and I really liked the pineapple fried rice. Yes, I came here a couple times this week - especially since I was "home" (at the hotel) sick one day this week. As a San Friscan (where Thai food is aplenty), I'll vouch for Thai House. ;-)
5	I really like Thai House even though I thought it looked pretty sketchy the first time I went there. I got over that quickly after walking in and seeing how clean it was. Also, while we waited for and then ate our food there were three people who came in to pick up takeout (like a sign from God!) JD and I both loved the Tom Kha Gai soup-so tasty! I had red curry chicken at 3* spicy, which wasn't hardly as spicy as I like it but sometimes I get spice-shy. Anyway- it was good and I added chile paste myself to jazz it up more. The overall flavor was really nice and full. JD had the spicy basil noodles with chicken and they were some awesome noodles! The plate was piled high and he was smart enough to ask for more *'s and didnt have to do as much spice doctoring to his dish.All in all, I really like this place and grabbed a to-go menu to return the next time I've over this way.
3	One of my staples for lunch (and it's next to a Staples...) is Thai House.  The food is solid, yet a bit pricy in my opinion.  For instance, a bowl of my favorite soup (Tom Yum) is $8.95.  I think that's a bit steep.  On the other hand, they have a lunch special for $7 that gets you a cup of soup (just egg drop) or salad, and rice and lunch plate.  Beware of the small size of the place and how busy it can get for lunch.  You may end up waiting 20 minutes or so for a table... I suggest getting there at 11:45 or earlier if  you want to sit right away.
4	SO YUMMY! If you want a chance to try it with out fear go for lunch. The portions are smaller so it takes some of the fear out of trying something new and different. Now that is not to say that you wont be going back to the office with an empty tummy, you will be leaving full and satisfied and craving it! My suggestion is order up the #32 and thank me later. :)
5	I'm a big fan of this place and have dropped in for lunch countless times. Now, I'm usually the kind of person that likes to try everything in a restaurant but I have only had three items off of Thai House's menu. Those are: The Panang Curry, The Spicy Basil Chicken and The Chicken Special. I love curry...I mean L-O-V-E curry! It's probably one of my favorite foods no matter the region from which it originates. This might lead one to believe that the Panang is my favorite dish, but it's not. After the first time I tried the Chicken Special, I was absolutely hooked. It's only available at lunch but, if you're a chicken fan, this is the dish I highly recommend. The spices they use for the chicken are phenomenal, and they go so well with sauce that is served with the dish. This special keeps me coming back time after time.With that, all I really have to say is that I usually get out of here spending about $10. Add that together with the happy service I always get and you can call me a regular.
5	Thai House is my favourite!  I've only ever got one thing from here that I did not like, thought it was a bit bland, it was the Pepper Steak.  Otherwise, all the curries are super yum!!!  This is my go to Thai craving!!!
5	Food Was Excellent!I had Yellow Curry Chicken. The meal was so rich and filling I could only eat 1/3 of it! I took the remainder home with some extra white rice and my wife and I split the meal.She said that was the best she had eaten and we're both Thai food lovers.Definitely worth a visit. This was my 1st. It's kind of hidden or set back so you have to look for it. It's near Best Buy off the 101 loop in Scottsdale, that's where I ate.I can't wait to go back and try another dish!Enjoy~Stew~
5	YUM. Note that. Capital Y-U-M. I've had this place written down on a note for ages after searching for a decent Thai place nearby ages ago. I FINALLY got around to going last week and I cannot WAIT to go back.Service was AMAZING and incredibly friendly. It was one of those experiences where you felt very welcome and completely at ease. The food was flavorful, hot and wonderfully perfect in terms of spice. I ordered the Masuman Curry w/ tofu (a staple of mine) and my boyfriend ordered the Green Curry w/ tofu. Both were terrific, good portions (enough for a full lunch the next day) and came with an abundance of rice. Maybe I've just become so used to rice costing extra and coming in a tiny little bowl, but this was a welcome change. Again... more for leftovers!Seriously... this place has won a place in my heart and I can't wait to go back and try more off the menu.
5	Since there are already a ton of reviews about this place I'm going to keep it short. The coconut chicken soup is so friggin delicious, you'll want to smack the person sitting next to you.
3	I love Thai food and I was really excited to try this place, and it was OK. The portions were nice and big we had the Tom Ka Gai (coconut milk Soup), Chicken Sate, Masumum Curry, and Gangari Curry. The soup was good, the Sate was also good. The curries were very watered down The Masumum even though it was watered down it was still good but the Gangari because of being watered down was lacking flavor. The server was very nice, and helpful. This place is ok for fast Thai food when you are am craving Thai and you just can't drive to the West side of town then this place is good enough to kill the craving. But unfortunately it is definitely not anywhere near the best Thai food in the Valley. But it was nice and I would return but unfortunately this one could not score any higher than a 3 for me. So I guess when I want the best Thai in the valley I still have to truck it to the west side. Oh well.
3	I was craving for some Thai food and found this little restaurant very close to me. It was kinda hidden in the big strip mall, look for a Chase bank, it's right next to it.The menu is pretty standard like most of Thai restaurants, the price is definitely good for the amount of the food they offer. I had the Pineapple Curry (with shrimp), the portion was big enough to share between two. The curry was tasty, but with a lot of pineapples. My friend had the Pad Se Ew (wide flat noodles stir fry with meat and veggies), which was pretty good, and also a big plate too.We also shared the Satay (chicken strips on a stick), this was a-okay, the curry sauce all over was too much, didn't taste like it was off the grill.The Thai tea on the other hand was less sweeter than most I have tried, so thumbs up!I definitely will go back to check out more of the menu as I found a few of the noodle dishes seem to be good. They also got some good deals on the lunch specials!
5	We had pad see ew and a whole roasted chicken for two people. The chicken was well-seasoned. The price was right, and the food was pretty good. The staff was very friendly.
3	The food at Thai House tastes very fresh... unusually so.  All the veggies are crisp and delicious... not soggy at all.  However, for a Thai restaurant the food is very mild.  I've eaten here several times, and each time I request "extra spicy" food... only to be disappointed.  I continue to return though, because of the fresh taste of the food, the great service and the reasonable prices.The Kung Pao w/ Tofu is a good choice, as is the Spicy Eggplant (which isn't really spicy, but is very tender).  The egg rolls are tasty.The range of the menu is about what you'd expect.  There isn't much out of the ordinary to try here, but all the standards are on the menu.Overall, not a bad choice for a night out.
4	good price, good food, good service, what more can you ask for.  one of my favorite places.  they always make you feel so welcome!
4	The curries at the Thai House are fantastic.  The vegetables are fresh, tofu is good, and meat quality is okay (I don't eat meat often but my husband (who does) gave this assessment).  We have dined in the restaurant several times but order take out 1-2 times a month.  The only area for improvement is that sometimes my meal is not spicy enough.  I find I need to order a high number of stars than the normal Thai restaurant.  Overall, a good option for Thai food.
2	My sister was craving Thai food and we needed to go somewhere cheap and close by and Thai House was our ticket. The ambiance is non existent. It feels a bit like a food court, but tiny. (What is this? A food court for ANTS?) The service was prompt, polite and friendly. My sister and I both got lunch specials, the spicy chicken something or other and the garlic chicken respectively. Both dishes were ok, nothing too special.The saving grace is definitely the Thai iced teas and the hot and sour shrimp soup. So good! I love the burning sensation in the back of your throat when you drink something spicy and that's exactly what I got. The touch of lemongrass really completed the overall flavor. When my sister ordered her lunch, she asked for maximum spiciness. We were sadly, sadly disappointed. It wasn't even moderately hot. I was confused and thought that they might have messed up the order, but after cruising the other reviews here on Yelp, I guess this place doesn't really do spicy.I've had better Thai food, but if I wanted some tea and soup during my lunch break, I would go here.
4	Love love love Thai House.My 8-year old daughter begs to eat here often, which speaks volumes since she is THE pickiest eater I know. Her favorite is the Pad See Ew (chicken with wide flat noodles and veggies). Very flavorful. I like spice, so when I order mine I get a "5", which is supposed to be the spiciest on their scale from 1-5, but it usually not spicy enough. That's fine though, I just tell them to make it extra spicy and then I am happy while I am coughing and tearing and gasping for air and water. The service is extremely fast and friendly. This place is always packed during lunch hours, especially during the work week. They are closed on Sundays (boo hoo). Their pricing is decent, especially the lunch specials, which come with your choice of white or fried rice, and a soup or salad. Everytime I have come to the Thai House I have loved it, and have gotten my meal within 5 minutes.
4	The panang curry lunch special is awesome.
5	All I can say is Panang Chicken!!! This stuff is to die for. Also, the satay with the peanut sause. My wife and I love this place.
4	Is it just me, or has all asian food seemingly morphed into a hodgepodge of the same 5 dishes. Meat, a few vegetables swimming in a thick sugary sauce. At Thai house, you get a nice break from this monotony. This evening I ordered the Spicy Thai Noodles. Wide flat noodles, with onions, red bell peppers, and fresh basil. It was fantastic. As far as I can tell there was no sauce to speak of. Just a mild flavored oil tossed with slightly charred noodles, beef and veggies. I actually tasted each ingredient. Nothing on my plate was overwhelmed by anything else. Perfect. I also like how you can specify your order's spiciness on a scale of 1-5. If you really want a kick, the scale actually goes up to 15, but only insiders know about that. The service is very friendly as well as fast. A little too fast for my taste as I only read about 10 pages in my book before I was done and the bill arrived. Next time I will stall 'em somehow.... or order an appetizer.
3	This is one of those places I've passed a thousand times and each time I'm like 'I want to try this place sometime'.  So serendipity smiles, I got my chance today.I absolutely adore the Thai places back in Chicago, you eat like a king (or in my case eat Thai leftovers for a week :) for ~six bucks.  And they have a noodle I don't recall ever finding elsewhere-the chow fun type noodle very wide and with a slight hint of basil.....drool.....So while Thai House did not have the pad se ewe noodles I am still on a mission to find closer than 1500 miles away, they did a pretty good job!  I thought it was a bit pricey at nine bucks for the lunch portion, but hey-it is Scottsdale dahling...No Thai iced coffee either which was weird.They ask you how hot you want your dish on a scale of 1-5.  I chose three and really didn't detect any hint of spiciness, I'm always afraid to go five though LOL!!So review is 3.5 stars rounded down for no coffee and the slight overpricey-ness.
4	Only been once so far. Had wonton soup -best I've ever had. My friend & I both ordered curries (different ones) & both were excellent. Enjoyed so much, ordered identical items for take out for my wife & for his daughter and both also thought food was great. Only complaint was noise - loud water feature + music + talking + a whiney toddler nearby. They need to get rid of music or water feature or invest in acoustic tiles. Service was friendly & quick.
4	If it wasn't for Thai House, I would not get to eat Thai food frequently. There's only one real Thai place near where I live, but luckily i work right by this one. The Scottsdale Airpark area is lucky to have such a great restaurant tucked away in this shopping center.I've only ever had lunch here, but I've ordered a bunch of different stuff (I once got a giant bowl of tom ga soup and ate the whole thing myself)! What's awesome is that a lot of their specialty dishes have a spot on their lunch menu. I thoroughly recommend the chicken panag, the basil chicken, the pad thai, the broccoli beef (seriously) and perhaps my favorite though not most ordered, the chicken special. It's half a chicken that's been simmered in Thai spices and served with a helping of rice. The only reason I don't order it every time is that it's a LOT of food. All the lunch combos have generously-sized and come with your choice of soup (usually egg drop, but some days it's imitation crab) or a small salad, and some rice. When ordering a spicy dish, they'll ask you "1 to 5?" as a scale for how much heat you want, but if you aren't timid you may want to ask for a "10" or "12" like Nader A. You also have the option to switch out your meat for tofu ($1) or have brown rice instead of white (also $1). Thai House is DELICIOUS. I have never been let down by this restaurant, and it's always on my list for a lunchtime destination. It's one of those places you could go to multiple times a week and not ever get bored of.
4	Love this place.  Service is great and fast and the girls are so sweet.  Food is great too!  I've spent a lot of time in Thailand so i'm a little critical but this place does the trick!
4	I have been coming to this place for over 4 years.  I always ordered either Pad Thai or the Basil Chicken without even looking at the menu.   I was always satisfied with these choices until I decided to read the menu since I was craving curry. OMG I have been missing the most awesome yellow curry, the creamy coconut sauce, the potatoes, yum.  I am hooked.  I can't wait to have this again.
5	Best Thai food for your dollar in the entire valley. I'm no Thai expert, but I have been to at least a dozen here in the valley. Keep in mind - this is NOT a fancy place - just a simple, inexpensive, casual dining experience. WOW!
4	Good food and good service!
4	Decent menu which includes the traditional satay, tom yum koong, curries, pad thai etc. What threw me off was teriyaki, sweet and sour chicken, kung pao, chow mein. Food is good with great portions! Careful on the heat scale. 10 is blazin...Weird thing....I was really thirsty after the meal. Usually that's the result of using the other type of SaLt. Overall the place is clean, modern, and staff are attentive. Curries are 10 bones, Fried rice at 9, and most entrees at 9 bones! Price is a buck plus more than our So Cal places. Give it a try, food is good, and service is fast.  Damm..I need to drink another bottle of soda!!!.
2	I've never eaten at Panda Express but my last visit made me think that this must be a similar dining experience.  I went to Thai House for the 2nd time in a few years and now I remember why I didn't go back after my first visit:  there was no reason for me to return.  Ordered their so-called house specialty:  charbroiled chicken and was expecting something more along the lines of a traditional Gai Yang or a marinated/spiced bbq chicken.  Instead what I got was a dry, dry, dry, and more dry pieces of thigh and leg pieces with a superficial coating of curry.  bleh.  On top of that the soup was cold and tasteless.The Boston Market across the 101 or even a KFC would've probably had better chicken.  I guess I'll have to make the 45+ minute trip to Glendale or the Southeast Valley for better Thai food in the area...
4	I love the Penang Curry at the Thai House! Better than any other place I've had. Too, the lunch special is one of the best deals in town. The spring rolls are pretty good, although I'm not crazy about the sauce, it's a bit too thick and sticky for my liking. The service is okay, during lunch they could use additional help, servers are literally jogging to service their tables. Overall, it's a great spot - I'm definitely eating there a few times a month if not more.
4	Small place but kept clean and the people are always friendly. The food was exceptional. All of their curries are very flavorful. The satay is bright yellow with nice grill marks--best I've had. Only downside is that they are closed sundays.
5	Love the Tom Ka Gai soup! Love the Pinapple Rice! Consistently pleased when ever I dine here...which is frequently.
5	While visiting friends in Scottsdale (from Seattle, where we are spoiled with good Thai food) we got a craving and our friends suggested Thai House. Everything was so good! I had the lunch special with panang curry. Could have been a little spicier (though I did only order 2 star) but otherwise it was perfect. Will be sure to come back here on my next trip to Phoenix!!!
3	I finally got around to trying this place out.  I got the beef and eggplant and the red curry with chicken.  Both 2.5 heat scale.  Both were better than I expected it to be, since I had such a taste for Thai ever since eating at Tasty Thai, and it being way too far to drive for some take out.  The curry was decent. A little on the thick and creamy side, with nice chunks of chicken red bell peppers, and bamboo.  I think I will do a 3 next time! :)  The eggplant dish also had good flavor. The only thing bad I can say is that the eggplant was overcooked mush, so I didn't eat it, but the rest of it was good enough of a test run for a new place that I will come back and order more things. (I am hoping the overcooked eggplant was a fluke!)  The staff here are very nice and friendly (I love supporting our local small businesses) so I will be back to try more dishes!
2	Went in again...dine in this time, to try some new dishes. Not as impressed this time around? Ordered the pad thai with beef and it was just ok. The flavor was off, and too sweet in a sick way. We barely touched it. We ordered a chicken and vegetable dish too, and it was just kind of gross. I guess we need to just stick with the curry? :(
3	Very good choices and portions from the lunch menu. Would return for a quick lunch if I'm in the mood for Thai close by. I would search elsewhere for a favorite Thai place though.
4	Very good, but I like the nearby Thai Chef's Bistro a little better.
4	Good food at a decent price. Only problem when I come here is it seems I am the only customer so not much on ambiance or social scene.
5	LOOOOOOVE this place!!!! Get the number 42, it's the spicy noodles with basil, bell pepper, your choice of meat and you can get it as spicy as you want it!!!
5	Scottsdale snobs go else where! This is your good ol' fashion, traditional hole in the wall Thai restaurant that has one focus...Make some darn good Thai food. I love me some Pad Thai and Red Curry and this place was MONEY! Sure the decor is out dated and English might not be their first language, but are you here to sight see and carry on a long delightful conversation or are you here for some delicious grubbin'!?! This is my go to Thai place from now on and I will definitely be back!
2	A 3 at best. Mediocre Pad Thai, and the rest of the fare was pretty similar. Came because of the good rating but, alas, the rating was wrong.
3	Average Thai cuisine.  Not the speediest service.
2	Wanted to try something different for lunch so figured this looked good...well, the service was really slow. We actually had to flag down a waitress after sitting there for probably 10 minutes. When we got the food it was ok. I had the thai basil chicken and my friend the orange chicken. Mine wasn't bad but I've had much better. the orange chicken tasted very sweet. It's a good place to go for a fast lunch but don't expect quality food. It's "fast food" thai at it's slowest!
5	LOVE this place!! After living in Arizona for THREE years and having no luck finding a good Thai place I stumbled upon this little gem. I almost didn't go in because it really looked like an Americanized little fast food place, however I was starving and my only other option was Peter Piper Pizza (YUCK) so in I went. The first good sign was that all of the tables were full and there were probably 10-15 people waiting for take out. It was very busy. We got a seat and order some Yellow Curry and Pad Thai noodles. When I bit into this food it was like angels were singing from Heaven. Truly fantastic food!! The prices are great as well and everyone who works there is super friendly. This is now 'my' Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area. I HIGHLY recommend Thai House!
5	THAI HOUSE IS QUITE POSSIBLY THE BEST THAI FOOD IVE EVER HAD!!  The flavors of all the dishes I sampled blew my brains, and the cost to quality was insane, which means the food quality is excellent and the price is insanely cheap.  They must get a lot of business otherwise I cant see how they can make any money turning out this amazing food at such a low cost.  I went with 2 of my friends and we split 3 items, we got the Chicken Panang, Beef Pra-Ram and the orange chicken.  Now before you judge about the orange chicken, F U it was amazing this isn't panda express this is high quality deep fried and battered chicken! HAHA but really its excellent (mainly the sauce) for what it is which is what I just said.  The Panang which should be ordered anytime upon entering a Thai restaurant was the best I've never had and the Beef Pra-Ram hidden on the back on the menu was like nothing I've ever had.  It was in a delicious peanut sauce that I wanted to pour all over my body and use in the lovemaking process OVERALL A+ AMAZING RESTAURANT!!!P.S. the good for kids part, I would say yes as far as the setting but I don't know a lot of kids who like Thai food.ALSO the $$ is for dinner, $ for lunch, mad cheap, mad delicious, GO!
4	Best Tom Ka Gai soup I have ever had! The husband agreed. It was really rich with coconut milk and a bit sweeter than usual but had all the lemongrass and spice flavor that we know and love. We also had the pad thai and yellow curry which are our thai food staples. We started with a small plate of egg rolls and I topped off my meal with a thai iced tea. All that you need to know is that we finished EVERY LAST BITE. Yup, it's true. We normally take half home for later but we devoured our food so that was just not a possibility. The place is small and quaint and it was fairly busy on a Friday night which we took as a good sign. We are happy with Thai House and will be back!
4	I LOVE the lunch specails here... Panang Chicken is my favorite mmmm mmm And you can adjust your spice level, I always have to tone it down just a little on the spice!!
5	This place is a little hole-in-the-wall!  My sister and brother-in-law took us to this restaurant while we were visiting over Thanksgiving.  I ordered the Masaman Curry and it was HEAVENLY!  It was perfect and creamy and the potatoes were cooked to perfection.  I also got the Thai iced tea, also yummy and creamy.
4	Excellent food, great price - but no alcohol.  I asked if I could bring my own, they said no (not sure why not).  I love Thai food, but I also find that Thai food goes SO WELL with beer!  They should allow carry-in beer/wine then it would be 5 star!  Thai House on Shea (same owners, I think) does the same basic menu but also has beer/wine, so I've been going there instead.
3	Came in for an early dinner after playing a round of golf. Thai House is quite small and they have two other locations. The order Panang chicken curry, Pik King Pork and Pad Se Ew. The portions  here are over-sized but the quality is just average. The curry was the tastiest, Pik King also was average and the Pad Se Ew was under par.The service here was good and the restaurant was clean. They charged for hot tea and steam rice also here a con in my opinion.
5	Wow! The Penang Curry (chicken) was absolutely incredible!! The portion was huge...had enough left over for another meal and tasted just as good the 2nd day. I will definitely be back! The Thai Tea was very good also. I just wish it was closer to Gilbert!
5	Asian girl approve. mmm yuuum.
1	My wife and I wanted to like this small busy place but just could not. VERY poor service -- we ordered 4 items and only got 2 due to waiter and kitchen SNAFUs. Food was mediocre. Keep moving, nothing to see here.
4	Hmmm.  Food is good here but service is poor. The servers are quite pouty, they do not smile and they take forever to take your order.  However, there is the busperson who is always going here, there and everywhere.  She is very hardworking!  Curry is good, good lunch portions, lots of good lunch special choices.  The pineapple fried rice is awesome!  One of the best that I have tasted.  A favorite is gung ka ree, yellow curry.  It is so tasty that I can just eat the curry sauce over rice and will be completely satisfied.  A con in this place is the extra charge on rice?  Really?  Rice is not that expensive, last time I checked!  Thai House has good food though, so give them a tray but avoid the lunch crowd.  It gets very busy...
2	We waited 15 minutes for a table yesterday. It was lunch time and I was craving Thai so we waited......wish we hadn't. We started with the fried shrimp appetizer, it wasn't bad just not seasoned at all. I ordered the spicy noodles with chicken and my husband ordered the seafood fried rice. My noodles were a tad bit oily. My husband's dish was okay. So, they give you a mountain of food which we had for leftovers last night. Not sure what they put in the food, but it kept us wide awake all night and had me running to the bathroom first thing in the morning. Needless to say, we will not be back.I really miss good Thai food.
5	When it comes to Asian food, Thai is my go-to. And when it comes to Thai food, I have my favorite, and it's Thai House in North Scotty. Their curries are full of flavor--panang chicken, spicy 3 is my favorite--and I've recently become borderline-obsessed with their pad thai. Never had a bad experience, and their food is very reasonably priced.Go to Thai House. Do it. Do it now.
4	Great food, fast, friendly service.  I've only tried the curry's but they were all wonderful.  Generous portions.
4	The food is awesome and the service is fast and works.
5	Delicious.  The vegetable penang curry was so flavorful and vibrant--it made my husband who rarely opts for curry reconsider!  The portions were huge and the prices were very reasonable.
3	Great value for lunch!  Quick service......tasty meal.......good prices!
4	This is a great place for Thai food. I went there last week with my husband and his parents. Three of us ordered different curries and my husband ordered the spicy noodles. We all enjoyed our meals. I ordered mine as a 3 on the heat scale and it was perfect. Spicy, but yet I could taste the flavors of the red curry dish. The restaurant itself is small and in a strip mall but it is very clean. The staff gets an A+ for being attentive. The only thing I was a little annoyed about is that we received one dish for the rice between 3 of us and were charged for additional rice. Overall, I will be returning for some great thai food!
5	This is where my love for thai food started! They have such amazing curry and pad thai, I always have the hardest time deciding between the two! Those are both part of their lunch special which is an awesome deal - soup or salad, entree and rice for $7. If your looking for lighter options, the seafood soup is also delicious.The dinner portions are massive and you can probably feed 3 people with one entree which usually run around $10. It's a really good value and the food does not disappoint! Since I started going to this restaurant, thai food has become one of my favorite cuisines and this place is definitely my favorite place to eat it
4	7/26/12If you're looking for atmosphere, you won't find it here.  It's also very loud (I went during lunch hours), and you're most likely going to have to wait, unless you come during the tail-end of lunch.  (There's a sign posted on the wall by the door that stated to the effect that for those customers who did not want to or could not wait, then please visit Narai Thai and Sushi down a few doors.  To some people, it might come off as abrupt, and even slightly rude, but I thought that was generous of Thai House to post...  Both places are good, and Narai Thai has atmosphere.)   What you will find are a great Chicken panang http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JdtJ3jmMukLXU-gDjVTEgg?select=UMYl4OVwixbiNkHhZM1P2Q#x0sI8WU7hgYveO5nGEFk1A and a terrific bowl of Curry noodles!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JdtJ3jmMukLXU-gDjVTEgg?select=UMYl4OVwixbiNkHhZM1P2Q#RDHeNq9Ld9h5-6imL9WDRg  The curries here are rich and very silky-- just how I prefer them!  The Thai iced tea I had was also very, very good (not too sweet).  What I didn't like was that the lunch specials only featured the entree and your choice of soup/salad and steamed white/fried rice.  No egg roll.  Probably a healthier option, but still... :(  I didn't care for the salad dressing, a sweet vinaigrette.  Next time, I'm going to specify dry.  What really sealed the deal here for me was the service!  I cannot wait to go back and try the other menu items!
5	I am not sure how anyone can come here and not give it a five. I have several Thai and Malay friends and this is the only place they will eat. I have been here at least 25 times and it is incredible. I love the pad thai, panang, red curry and satay the best. This is the ONLY place in Phoenix that can make good mussamum and I have been everywhere. I get everything Thai 5 on their scale and it is not like the Thai placed that try to rip your tongue off but has a perfect pwowerful kick without ruining the food itself. The restaurant is bare bones so if you are on date night try the one on scottsdale and shea. If you are going to lucnh you have to go before 11:30 or after 1:00 or you will have to wait. Empty restuarants are that way for a reason, but everyone wants to eat here. This is true Thai not the commercial stuff you will find in other parts of Scottsdale.
3	My wife & I have been here numerous times.....It's usually quite good.  Our last time was a little disappointing however... in particular the Pepper Steak meal.  I was surprised at the lack of taste/seasoning considering how good most meals usually are.  I had the Sweet Basil Chicken which was very good that night.
3	I doubt the owners ever read Yelp BUT....What's the deal in being closed for one hour from 3-4? It doesn't make sense to me & I'm sure you are missing quite a bit of business.
1	This was a travesty in every way. HORRIBLE service AND food. The chicken teriyaki was totally bland and watery. Chicken was chewy and lacked any quality. The beef special lacked ANY flavor. Brown rice is an extra charge and is terrible. Worst experience ever!
4	Oh Thai House, you crazy. When we first walked in at 11:30am, the Thai House was packed. No seating anywhere, except for the three seats at the tiny bar. We grabbed those chairs and held on tightly. (Good thing too since a line started to form at the door!) During our entire time here, the three servers were swamped! They were continuously running back and forth between the kitchen, cash register, and dining tables. It was a mad house! Luckily, it didn't take much time to order or receive our food. This place is very efficient. We ordered the lunch specials - Pad Thai for me and panang chicken for my husband. Holy moly, so much food! Not only do you get your dish, but you get a side of fried rice or white rice, and either soup or salad. We both opted for fried rice and soup. The soup was egg drop and while it was good, I thought it needed salt. I loved the fried rice - it had the normal mix-ins (egg, carrot, peas) but the flavor was really good. My Pad Thai was good as well, but there was so much that I have lunch for tomorrow. My husband liked his panang chicken and ate every bite. Between us, we shared a Thai iced tea. It tasted like the Thai iced tea I had at Osha Thai, which is good. I'm sad Thai House doesn't have Thai Iced Coffee, but I'll get over it. We had a great meal that was pretty inexpensive, especially since there's left overs. We'll definitely be back!
4	This is good Thai!  Save yourself some time searching the menu.  Go for the Green Cury with shrimp or chicken.  I had them leave out the green peppers and add eggplant ($1 upcharge) Awesome!!  Beware, these are large entrees.  Enough for 2 unless you are a big eater.  I suggest having and appetizer and sharing an entree.  You won't be disappointed.
5	High quality, reasonably-priced Thai food?  Check.Quick, efficient, friendly service?  Check.Variable levels of spiciness that ensures that dishes don't need to be doused in chili sauce, or alternatively consumed with eight glasses of milk?  Check.Good Thai iced tea?  Check.Those are really the only criteria that I have for a Thai restaurant, and Thai House meets them all.  It's light on atmosphere and decoration, but once you have the food, such concerns don't even factor in.Minus one star to me, for waiting a year and a half before trying this place.
4	I am completely and thoroughly obsessed to the core with Pad Thai. I love all the different flavors and textures. I probably eat it about once a week. At least it isn't too horrible for you. Thai House is my 'go to' Pad Thai place simply because it's less than ten minutes from my house. For a little over $9 you get a huge portion of Chicken Pad Thai, it usually lasts me for about two meals. I always get it 3 out of 5 spicy, with extra peanuts. Sometimes they remember the peanuts, sometimes not, so I usually check before I leave. Sometimes it's perfectly prepared with a good amount of sauce and tender chicken. Other times, it's dried out and and kind sad and pathetic. It's hard to tell when it will be a hit or a miss, so I just keep going back. God, now I think I need Pad Thai for dinner.
4	I had been in the Sonoran Village mall dozens of times and never noticed this nondescript Thai restaurant.  A friend had recommended it and I had to call the restaurant to find it, it is next to Chase Bank and Best Buy is a few hundred yards away.  A solid menu, steady service, and ample portions.  I had a hankering for a curry dish and ordered the Pineapple curry with a spice level of 2.  It was excellent, although I would go with a spice level of 3 the next time.  My friend had the Kung Pao with a spice level of 3 and it kicked.  The food was delicious and I had at least a meal and a half as leftovers, all for under $15 per person.  FYI, they do not have a liquor license so if you were interested in Thai beer, you'll be out of luck.  Good to know this place is close by so when I have a hankering for Thai, I have somewhere to go.  YUM!
2	Large portions but the food was pretty bland.  We had the pad thai and egg rolls--I suggest that you avoid both.
4	this place is so packed at lunch time and that's because it's SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD!!!!! i can never seem to order anything other than the yellow curry. i get a level 3 heat. i often get it to go and take it back to work.i have dined in a time or two for their lunch special which is dirt cheap and enough food for left overs. it comes with your selection of main entree, soup or salad, and choice of rice. it's seriously so good. if you're on a lunch break you can easily enjoy a quick sit down meal here.
3	Good value thai food; convenient location.
5	I don't know if it's a chain, but I they are one of my favorite curry places (I like panang and gang ka ree). Everything is good, but the curries seem to skimp on veggies. The salad with noodles is also very good.
5	Cannot say enough about this place!! It's our local joint and no other thai compares. Love the pad thai and Tom yum.
4	Stopped in a Thai House for a late lunch, after going to GolfSmith which is right next door.  Small place but very clean, comfortable booths.  Most importantly food is fabulous!  My friend got the Pineapple Curry which was so delicious, lots of good sized shrimp and chunks of pineapple and bell pepper in a yummy curry sauce.  I wanted something light so got the Pan Fried Noodles Gai Kua, light flat noodles with chicken, scallions, green onion in a light clear sauce.  Wonderful! I got it 1 out of 5 spicy but it probably was a 2--I ate it all.  No leftovers to take home.  We will be back!
2	The food was ready for take out in 15 minutes which was nice. After the good reviews, I expected better food. Average at best.
4	Thai House is a 2 minute drive from my work. I eat here probably 2 or 3 times a month and have never been disappointed. I'm a vegetarian, and they have a lunch special just for me! Mixed vegetables with tofu (I usually get it sans the tofu), with brown rice and a cup of egg drop soup for under $9. There's 4 or 5 other lunch specials, including the pad thai, which still comes with a side of rice with and a soup/salad. Seems like a carb overload, but if that's what you're into then go for it! Add a thai iced tea with coconut milk and you're good to go (caffeinated as hell but so good). Be sure to come in before noon, or you'll be waiting for a table. Or do as I do and order pick up.
3	We enjoyed several dishes in the very tasty Thai restaurant!Tom Yum soup was yummy.  Red curry, green curry, beef, pad Thai.Couldn't stop picking at it!I was not left disappointed.  I recommend!!
3	Flavors are almost spot on.  Place isn't quite "Thai" as the folks are from all over South East Asia, and you can tell the food isn't quite Thai with the way they do certain things( menu as a lot of Chinese influence, serving rice with noodles, condiments are not typically or pre added).  Had the Pad Thai with Chicken lunch special and Pad Thai with Tofu lunch special. Egg Drop soup was ok, as was salad, nothing special.  Both Pad Thai had a little too much chili oil in there and sprouts were already pre mixed (cooked).  The flavors was good,, 75% of what the Pad Thai flavor should be.  Lunch was cheap and place is a solid 3.5 stars.  Minus half star for charging extra for Tofu substitute instead of chicken.
2	Three of us went for dinner.  We ordered the spring rolls that come 2 at a time.  So I asked if they could give us 3 spring rolls instead - just toss on another and charge us for it.  "Oh no.  The cooks won't do that.  You have to get two orders" .  So we get two orders.  We ordered several other items and finally when we were done, we had one spring roll on the table.  When I asked for it to be boxed the server asked if I really wanted it.  Heck yeah - you made me buy an extra one - feel free to box one spring roll.The service was pretty much like that the whole night.  I'd suggest take-out.They ask you what kind of spice rating you want - medium, hot, etc.  I'm not sure why, the medium was hotter than the hot which doesn't say much.  There's no Thai spicy at this place.
5	What an outstanding place. Fresh food, great service, we will be back :-)
3	I am not a big fan of this food ..
3	I've been to the Thai house on Shea and Scottsdale, and to be honest I prefer this location simply because it's not so depressing. I came here for lunch with my boyfriend one day. The place gets PACKED at lunch- both weekdays and weekends, so make sure to plan accordingly. Anyhow, we were lucky enough to be seated immediately. We ordered two Diet Cokes to start, and they came out and tasted funny- almost a little like soapy chemicals (possibly from not being completely rinsed after being washed??). Looking in the glasses, we notices bubbly foam on top of the drinks themselves. The server took them back and gave them to the busser lady, which right behind the counter, she poured them out and rinsed the glasses with the water from the soda fountain and then refilled. Not my idea of cleaning the glass or providing us with new ones, but whatever.  to be honest, they still tasted like soap for the rest of the meal. Anyhow, we ordered the Panang Curry and the Pad Thai for entrees as well as some soups to start. The soups were really really good. I got the vegetable soup and it was fresh, light, and the vegetables were of decent quality. My boyfriend got the coconut milk soup, which I didn't enjoy as much but was still pretty good. The main dishes came out in a decent amount of time. The Pad Thai (on a 4/5 hotness scale) was done really well. It had a decent amount of chicken in it, and the spicyness level was pretty accurate to what we ordered. The curry was also pretty good. The vegetables (at least the carrots) I'm pretty sure come frozen and they add to the curry, but they're not bad. The curry overall is flavorful and has a decent amount of kick to it. My only complaint here about the food is that they don't give much rice with the curry dishes. There was one server for the whole restaurant, one food runner and one busser. This seemed a little odd as it was extremely busy, but oh well. It made the service a bit subpar. This Thai house restaurant location possibly would have gotten a higher rating if we werent served soap on the rocks. The food, however was really good.
1	the 1-star rating is based on my one and only visit, so take it w/ a grain of salt.i ordered the spic basil chicken lunch special which included a choice of white or fried rice (went with white) and soup or salad (went w/ egg drop soup).egg drop soup was ok but the peas and carrots in the soup were horrible. they just didn't taste real.the spicy basil chicken was indeed spicy (on a 1-5 spicy scale, i ordered a 3) but did not have a hint of basil in it.  it just tasted horribly.  on a good note (which earned it the 1-star), their thai tea was good.i wouldn't call this place thai...far from it. most of the food on their menu is chinese.
5	Five stars for noodle dishes and curry! Nice people at this location!  We go there several times a month.
5	Fresh food, can choose level of hotness ( Thai hot 1-5), delicious curries. Great for lunch, a quick bite, or takeout.Green curry with chicken is AMAZING!
5	This is my favorite food. I love the Chicken Panang Curry as well as the Cashew Chicken. Reasonably priced. Super convenient carry-out.
4	Excellent! I have found my favorite Thai Food Restaurant! I had the Lunch Special, Panang, steamed rice and soup. Everything was delicious. Even though it was very busy, the service was good and we didn't have to wait long to get our food served. I can't wait to go back.
5	Our favorite cuisine is Thai. The hubs is a chef, so it's safe to say we know good Thai when we have it. This is some of the best Thai we've had. The flavours were absolutely spot-on, the perfect balance of acidity and spice. The larb was incredibly good, the glass noodle salad delish, and the pan fried noodles (with tofu) were perfection. Wish we lived here, we'd be regulars without a doubt. Don't let the strip-mall ambience throw you, this is definitely a must-go to spot!
4	Excellent & reasonably priced Thai food.
5	Hard to find good Thai food in Scottsdale. This place is great. Totally reminds me of Char Thai in Tucson. $6.95 lunch special Mon-Fri (11am-3pm) is hard to beat. No surprise that the place is packed at lunch time. I had the lunch special with Panang (at a 4 out of 5 stars heat level), fried rice and soup of the day (egg drop.) The Panang was great, flavorful and they don't skimp on the chicken. Thai iced tea is made in shop, not from a bottle. Great little place, I will definitely be back. :)
4	Went for a late lunch not expecting much for the price, but it definitely surprised me positively. Food was of great quality. Tasted great, smelt great and isn't overpriced. Definitely a recommendation if you just son't know what to grab for a lunch. Had the spicy chicken basil lunch special. Chose medium, me not really liking my mouth burned, thought it had the perfect kick to it. Try it, it won't go wrong. Be careful as they close at 3, after lunch.
5	place is amazing! best pad thai ever! It also fairly inexpensive especially for lunch :)
4	lThe food is great at both locations. This was my first lunch special deal and the first course of three is pretty bad. You get a choice of egg drop soup (the worst item ever at any Chinese joint) or a salad if you can call it that. Small plate of bagged lettuce, watery ginger dressing. At least let us have hot and sour soup? Main course though was great as the chicken pad thai was perfect and egg fried rice was also a good choice. It came out to $7.50. Did have too move seats as three Scottsdale fake ass pigs thought it was Ok to spew curses every ten seconds while I was eating. I was glad to tell them to shut the hell up in my own special way.
3	i found this place on yelp just went there for dinner ordered chow mein and thai tea.thai tea is absolutely great.this is the best thai tea I had.but disappointed on chow mein... its different type of chow mein than other thai restaurant.its just a Little thin than lo mein.(the fat noodle)food was good EXCept too saltY.  service was alright.will come back try pad thai sometime and definitely will get thai tea too go A lot since im just 5min away from them.
1	Terrible service. We were there for an hour and never served our food. We finally left. We were looking for a new Thai spot and this certainly wasn't it. Would never suggest this place to anyone.
5	This Thai food is to die for! Our family favorite. I miss the awesome Thai food from when I lived in Thailand. Thai house off Pima & Hayden is great. Not exactly completely authentic, but close. Try the Panang Chicken curry, Pad Thai & Tom yum soups! I typically go with spice level 3. Absolutely delicious. Can't say the same for the Thai house on Shea. They are at most 3 star for the food & 2.5 for service.
4	Great little place to eat & always busy. We order Thai food every single Monday for lunch. You can't best the prices for the portion sizes.
1	Horrible service this evening ... Walked in at 7 pm ... We occupied only table in restaurant ... Sat for 20 minutes while they took new take out orders ignoring us even though we told them we were ready to order ... Finally walked out
4	The food here is fantastic. It gets really busy at lunch time so you should either come early or late if you want to sit down when you get there.
5	First time ever having Thai food- it's amazing! I'm little nervous this place set high standards for Thai food now.The actual restaurant wasn't all that fancy but it doesn't matter because the food was so delicious. It wasn't pricy either!I had the mixed veggies with tofu (spicy) and green curry with tofu also spicy. Mmm, leftovers was just as great! If I lived here I would be a regular customer!
4	Really like this place for dependable Thai, although I almost always order the spicy noodles.  It's fairly spicy at 3 (out of 5), but not crazy hot.  I have also gotten the Tom Yum soup- it's good but really pricy for the size (although it's filled with a ton of shrimp).  Word of caution- this place gets packed at lunch time and it's not very big, so be sure to get in early. Also, no alcohol.  I'll leave it up to you as to whether that's important or not...
4	Although I judge Thai restaurants by the Tom-Kha soup, I got the chicken red curry on my first visit. This review is about 3 months late, but I'm sure it's OK!I opted for take-away, and waited at the counter for about 15 minutes. The place was full, staff was busy, but I still got my meal in a timely manner and service was courteous.I looked at other plates while I was waiting, and everything looked pleasing to the eye, and I wanted to try EVERYTHING I saw! Average price seemed to be about $10 which is fair. The only complaint I have is not enough stuff in the soup compared to a few other places so this place gets 4/5 stars. I will definitely eat here again!
5	Did a Yelp search for a restaurant in the area where we were at and we came across this place because Thai food sounded good (even though it was over 100 degrees). I ordered the spicy beef salad and the green papaya salad.  It was probably the best Thai salads that I have ever eaten.  Both salads had the perfect balance of sweet, sour, salty and spicy.  The service was great and you can tell it was family owned.  When I need to go to AZ again, I want to try their other dishes.
5	I have driven by Thai House so many time but didn't go there until this week when we had a company luncheon.  I can't believe I used to live around the corner and have never had their yellow curry! I really missed out.  The portion sizes are huge and the price is perfect. I loved everything from the chicken satay to my main dish. I will be returning monthly to fix my Thai craving :)
5	We got the panang curry and the red curry,  both with chicken.  Flavor was excellent and the portions were great. Service was prompt and they were very friendly.  Definitely a go to for thai.
5	This place is fantastic!  Best Thai I've had in AZ.
5	Have you ever eaten somewhere and thought: Where has this place been all my life? That was definitely my experience here. Given that this place is in Scottsdale you would think it would be exorbitantly overpriced with a small portion of food. I got the Panang Chicken Curry lunch special and upon first glance I did think it was a smaller portion. After I dug in however I could not finish it. But onto flavor! This curry was so delicious. I got a spice level of 3 because I love spicy but also know that my level of spicy and thai level of spicy are not typically aligned. The spice level was great though because it perfectly complimented the sweetness of the coconut milk. Add in the basil taste and I was very much in heaven. I was even happier when I received my check: $9 for a drink, egg drop soup and the lunch portion. The service was normal. Not over attentive or under and the place was small with tables for 1, which was great for me since I was on a lunch break. This will definitely be a new lunch regular for me!
1	Watched 3 employees debate with a take out customer that he placed the wrong order,  not that they got it wrong.  Then, they forgot to make my order so the rest of our tables food got cold while waiting for mine. While the food is good they need to work on service.
3	Update: I had to take a couple stars away based on my most recent experience at Thai House...my entree was blander than normal and the mango sticky rice was a major disappointment--the mango had been frozen!
3	Hard 3.5 stars. Food is FANTASTIC! Absolutely no complaints whatsoever. I return 2-3 times a month for their panang curry or pad thai. Why only 3 stars? Their service. Their service is dismal. I had to ask to have my water filled 3 times and for my check. They don't really check on you at all. Alas, even though the service is terrible I keep returning because of their great food! Maybe I will just do take out strictly in the future. Still great food though!
4	Glad to see they were open today.   Spicy beef salad was delicious.  Spring rolls and chicken noodles.  Yum!!!
3	Thai tea is good, they were good at substitutions and the orange chicken sauce was sweet and good along with the white rice. My lunchmate was not impressed with the spicy basil chicken. It had plenty of spice and chicken , but no basil.
5	I told my son that he could pick where we ate today. He asked if there was a Thai restaurant around (we are new to Scottsdale). Luckily, Thai House was minutes from us and we decided to give it a try. I ordered the Basil Chicken lunch special. Soooo GOOD. Lots of basil, quality meat and a delicious sauce. The service was excellent. I was sat right away. Ordered quickly after and had lunch within 10 minutes of walking in the door. Friendly staff.I love Thai food and I plan to become a regular.
5	This place is awesome! Great prices, great food, very healthy, easy to get hooked on!
5	I really enjoy coming here for lunch during the week. It can be very busy but there is such a quick turn around that you never have to wait for very long to get seated. Their lunch specials are so cheap and excellent quality and large portions. I like the pad Thai and the Penang curry. The ambiance is lacking, but the food is top notch. All for under ten bucks!!
5	I don't live close by and had a meeting at a near by location. Me and a few co workers decided to try this place. The food was great! I ordered the panang curry with tofu and a side of brown rice. The tofu pieces we were very large for my liking (may be u can ask them to cut it into smaller pieces? ). The portion was huge. And the taste was fantastic. It was neither too thick nor too watery. Just the right amount of veggies (I realized how imp this is a few hours back when I ordered the same dish in another restaurant) . I also ordered the Thai iced tea , which was perfect for my taste ( just the right amount of sweet and freshly brewed tea!). My co workers also enjoyed their food ( I do not rem what they ordered). All in all an excellent place for Thai cuisine. I will probably drive all the way from Tempe once just to eat here again :).
4	Awesome! I'm here for business and planned on trying someplace new every day...I had Thai House for lunch and I'm tempted to go back for dinner.Shrimp & chicken pad Thai, level 3 spiciness add pineapples! Service was quick. Food flavor robust.
5	Great Thai food! Small little hole in the wall place, but the food was incredible!  Portions were massive and the flavors were amazing. The prices are very reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food. Ordered the tom ka gai soup, yum woon sen salad and the mus-sa-mun curry for 2 people to share and have tons of leftovers. Food came out quickly and service was good.
4	Food is awesome. .service not so much. ..i will continue to eat here. .just don't expect to much from the service.
4	Great food, great flavor, great price!! Service could be better. Long waits at lunch time, but they move quickly! Will come back!
5	Great Little Thai dive. This is my go to place. Very small though. If they are busy I just order to go.
5	Don't let the look of this place fool you. There are a few locations around the valley and they are all equally amazing.  Everything I have tried here completely knocks my socks off.  A few of my favorites include... The Red Curry, The Pan Fried Noodles (Gai Kua), and The Satay. Dining in our taking out, they have some great lunch specials, and if you're in a hurry call ahead and pick up.  They always amaze me with how fast they can prepare the food!  The portions are large so left overs are pretty much a guarantee. If you happen upon this place give it a chance, you won't be disappointed!
4	Great lunch spot.  Chicken pad Thai lunch special comes with soup or salad.  And yummy Thai tea.  Get there early or order to go, pretty small and gets very bust for lunch.
5	I'm a huge Thai food fan and my favorite dish is by far the Pad Thai Chicken.  This place is usually packed for lunch so sometimes we get Take-Out and if it's not packed we'll grab a table.The lunch portions are awesome and completely fill the plate all the way around.  I'm not sure how they prepare their fried rice, but WOW is it amazing!  I'm tempted to just order a bowl of fried rice every time I go, but the Pad Thai Chicken is SOOO good that I have to settle on that which also comes with a side of fried rice.I wish there was one closer to my side of town in north Phoenix as the drive out to Scottsdale can be further than I'd like to go at time.Don't get me wrong, the food is AMAZING!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
2	Sorry this isn't good nor authentic thai food. Tried the beef salad. Not very good at all and they use low quality beef. I suppose some of the westernized type dishes that aren't real thai are ok. But this place is a joke
5	I have been a loyal customer since 2008. My wife and I were searching for a good Thai restaurant when we first visited Thai House. After our first visit, its been a monthly thing for me and my wife.I have recommended the restaurant to many of my friends, colleagues and even strangers. So far, all of them loved it and have become regulars as well.The service is fantastic. Tables are always clean, food is served fast and hot. Even take-outs are always served complete with napkins and utensils.What I love to drink? Soon as I get a table, my first order is always the Thai Iced Tea. Some may find it on the sweeter side but my taste buds says its just right. It is a traditional iced tea with what I believe is full cream milk. I had similar drinks when I visited Thailand and it is at par to the local thai drinks. What I love to eat? Pad thai is my favorite. They offer choices of shrimp, chicken, beef and tofu. I usually mix and match but whichever protein I choose, I have never gone wrong.What else to love? Just recently I tried the seafood soup. It was the bomb! It had fish, scallops, muscles, and a variety of fish cake. Also had some lemongrass, ginger and other asian spices. The serving was big. Maybe 3 people can share it. Well it depends on your appetite, I guess. But it is a must try. I also love the panang, curry dishes and their fried rice. So many options and Have never gone wrong.Overall, one of my favorite in the valley. Cheap, good service and good food. Certified yum for the buck!more reviews on http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
4	My favorite Thai place - large portions, very authentic. Service is cut and dried. I think they keep costs low by cutting out all the BS upon taking their time and fawning over you. Not so bad to keep me away. Maybe just have the servers dress a little nicer and hire one more to be extra attentive.
1	horrible customer service
1	My girlfriend and I went here for my birthday and it was the worst service and food I had in a long time.  The food was unflavorful.  We ordered  egg rolls as an appetizer,  my friend  ordered  chicken  pad thai and I ordered  soup.  They brought out my soup before the egg rolls.   When we asked for the egg rolls  before the main course they took the soup back and brought the egg rolls.   After that they brought the soup and chicken satay.   When we said we didn't order the satay the waitress argued with us that we did order the satay.  After few minutes going back and forth she finally brought the pad thai.  The soup was not hot.  It was obvious it was not fresh.  I would not recommend this place.   If I could give 0 stars I would have.
4	The only Thai place I go to in the valley. I have been here twice. It's not a resto bar type of place if that is what you are looking for. However if you are liking for phenomenal Thai cooking, you have found it. I have tried many a Thai places before, and the Thai House nailed it. My favorite dish is the seafood penang curry with brown rice. They even offer you a spicy scale catered to your taste. From a spicy scale of 1-5, I go with 4. Not typical with other Thai places, my dish Comes out with ample amount of seafood. Lobster, calamari, scalps, mussels, shrimp ... A bowl big enough to share. However I've devoured all by myself both times. The place is clean, the service is prompt and the prices are very reasonable. I even recommended the seafood penang to the next table on my last visit. She looked over and was delighted by the smell of things, so I told her she must try it. She was not disappointed, she thanked me for the rec and looked as happy as a puppy eating away. Bathroom is well kept and tons of parking available. I'm going to make this my weekly thing!
2	Roaches are crawling on floor. Food was just ok . Everything was sweet tasting for some reason. Fried rice was gross
3	My first time here for lunch, and I ordered spicy basil chicken..very good, and very inexpensive, large portions too! But unfortunately I won't go back :-( I did see a small cockroach on my table and I called the manager..he did apologize but also he said that it was construction that brings the bugs in..too bad, food would be a Five stars!
3	Food was good. . . .  Perhaps I would have said great except the service was so awful that I can't get past that. Asked for water when we arrived and waited for 10 minutes for the water to be delivered, with only two other tables with customers. Asked for water again when we ordered our meal, and it still took another 5 minutes to get water. Two waiters present - the younger of the two seemed more interested in joking around with the other than serving customers. After the food arrived, no-one EVER checked with us. I finally had to go to the counter to ask for a to-go container and ask for my bill. No tip on this one - I pay tips for service, and there was none. Not the cleanest place either. Tables were clean, but the door to the restroom was absolutely filthy.Too bad the experience doesn't merit more stars, but service and cleanliness carry a lot of weight.
2	Thai House has an odd mix of factors for me.  The food is fairly good and portions are generous for the price.  I'm not qualified to comment on how authentic it is for Thai, or if it is too Americanized, but I enjoy the food here.  Parking is easy too.  that's where the positives end.Service is horrible - slow, inattentive, and a lot of mistakes such as not writing down our table's order and then surprise, surprise... the food that came out is inaccurate.  Place is very small with limited seating, and there's usually a wait on busy nights.  bathrooms are atrocious.  Floors are often dirty, and the decor seemed to be thrown together on a very limited budget.  Any customer will wonder if the kitchen is any cleaner than the public area that customers are allowed to see.  The size ties into the service problem in some ways as well, as we witnessed on multiple occasions there's only 1 waiter and 1 waiter-assistant for the entire restaurant.  Obviously they can't keep up, so drinks aren't refilled, tables sit for a long time to get a check, food orders are taken out of order from when people were seated.  But, I suppose that means the 1 waiter makes a lot in tips, even if several customers are unhappy.
3	This is a great place for lunch.  The food is consistent and so is the service.  My issue is with take out.   I came in and ordered 3 take out dishes.  They told me it would take 15-20 mins.  I accepted this as it seems standard for most take out ordered elsewhere.  20 minutes passed, 25 minutes passed, 35 minutes passed....   I asked what is the issue?   They said they were still cooking my Thai Fried Rice, Tom soup and Pad Thai.  The people that came in the same time as I and sat down to have dinner were finished and paying.  Other take out orders we placed and they gave them complimentary Thai Tea.  40 mins passed and no one even offered me complimentary water...  45 minutes later my order arrives.  At this point I am late and lost my appetite.  I recommend as a decent lunch destination but will never order take out again.   It appears they support more in dining rather than both dine-in and take out although they had a decent demand for take out while I was there.
5	A hole in the wall with the best food around this area! Watch out if it's lunchtime, the place can get packed quick. Short and sweet? No beer, water sucks so I get it to go: Tom Yum '3' spicy and Kung Pao '2' Spicy or a generic curry is always great. YUM
5	This place is yummy in my tummy! The Panang Curry is fantastic.  They can make the heat up to "20."  Thats when the fun really starts.  Their Pineapple Curry is freaking awesome.  Their Spicy Drunken noodles are so good you will want to lick the plate clean.  These are my top 3 dishes. The food is exceptionally prepared.  Just try to get there before the lunch or Friday Dinner rushes.
5	Best Thai food around. I used to work close by and would be a frequent customer. Pad Thai is amazing and everything else is great too!
5	Love the red chicken curry here!! Arrive early for lunch on weekdays - restaurant fills up fast.
