4	I grew up not far from here at all - and I never went there.  I passed it.  I made fun of the signs.  I never went there.  Then one day - I got a coupon.  Buy one entree, get one free.  And we were going to be in the area.  So, we stopped.  The prices were so low that we actually felt too guilty to use the coupon.  Without the coupon the bill was only about $16 for dinner.Prices were amazingly low.  Food was pretty darn good.  We were shocked.  We went back a week later.  It was just as good.  We forgot to use the coupon.  This time we'd gotten some extra things so it was $23.  I drove by this again the other day and remembered that I think I have another coupon.  One of these days I may have to take that coupon, order some great food and forget to use my coupon again.By the way - big bar area.  We stayed out of that part, but if you're looking for a cowboy/country western dive bar - this could fit the bill.  And they can wrestle up some grub for ya while you're there.
1	The owner of this restaurant, Elliot, is extremely rude and has a lot to learn about the value of customer service.  He participated in the Entertainment Book program but refuses to accept their coupons and is rude to his patrons.  I used to be a "regular" but now, will never step foot in there again.  Elliot lost a good customer - I wouldn't recommend Wagon Yard to anyone!
4	Wow!  I was just telling someone the same thing just yesterday.  I drove by that place a thousand times, but didn't stop (it looks dumpy, no curb appeal) and to my surprise the food was very good and priced very fair.  I now call it one of my little hangouts, eaten there at least 30 time for breakfast, lunch, dinner and a few late night snacks and am still surprised that they nail it every time.   A great place to eat or drink that doesn't dent the pocketbook too much and they have country karaoke that 90% of the time sounds real good.   A nice group of regulars welcome newcomers and make a newbie feel at home.
4	Like some of the other reviews, I initially went to the Wagon Yard because of a coupon (you guys should print more, looks like it brings you business!).  We've been a few times and the food is probably a 3 overall, it really depends on what you order.  The service staff have always done a good job, but I think we always get the head waitress (or is she the owner?).  But the place is just cool, so we keep going back.  If you go later on a Saturday evening, they have karoke and the people are actually pretty good.  They have a crowd of regulars, who want to make sure you feel welcome.  It's mostly an older crowd (I'm in my 20s), but on an evening when you are just looking for some chill entertainment, and if you love country music, check this place out.  It's like going to the Buffalo Chip in Cave Creek before everyone found out about it.   And not having to drive so far.
3	*** 2.5 stars My expectations weren't too high of this place knowing that it was a bit run down. I usually like these types of places because of where I grew up but wasn't really feeling the food. We went there around 6ish on Friday night... The happy hour specials were good! Half off apps. and 2 dollar bottles or drafts. The atmosphere is quite like a saloon and as said before a bit run down. There were definitely alot of what appeared to be "locals" when we were there. It is definitely true what is said about the prices but maybe we ordered the wrong thing cause we definitely got what we paid for. I ordered the super wagon burger and my wife ordered the 1/2 rack of ribs. My burger was darn big I must say and was cooked nicely. The problem is that it didn't have any flavor. It appeared to be handmade but didn't have any seasoning and didn't have the best taste. I saw on the menu they were offering dishes that were "Char Grilled" but am surprised they didn't cook the burger on the grill. I think that would have been the difference along with a little bit of seasoning salt and some pepper. The same goes for the Ribs... They tasted like they were cooked in the oven only because they were tender but had very bland seasoning and were smothered in sauce. I would like to think I can throwdown with some ribs and one thing I know is that they need to be finished on the grill! Not only for taste but for texture. I'm not going to say this place was terrible but they completely missed the mark on the two things we ordered. I really liked the homemade potato salad though. I/we will probably back during happy but not for a full on dinner. Don't have high expectations for this place. The atmosphere is chill and the people are nice but if you are used to going to higher end spots this place will either humble you or make you want to run out the door.
5	I love this place.  Its really funny that we all live nearby or grew up nearby and never visited!  Ive driven by it about 5,000 times and never once went in.  Well they finally put up a sign advertising happy hour and wing specials, so I had to go.  Im a wing whore.  The inside was exactly as I had expected.  Old school cowboy bar.  They have a MASSIVE back patio for eating and smoking, complete with Horse Shoes.  Happy Hour is RETARDED CHEAP.Apps are normally $3-5.  Cut that in half.Bottles of domestics are $2.My Vodka Cranberries are like $4.$5 personal pizza is huge, can easily feed 2 people.  Comes with 2 Toppings.  The wings are huge and delicious.  Well worth the $.30 each happy hour price!I too have now been there about 30 times in the last 6 months.It gets a 5-star rating because its everything I expected and a retardedly good deal.
3	Wagon Yard is older than dirt. It's been there since forever.... and it is the same now as it was back then. Wagon Yard is the least cowboy-est cowboy steakhouse in Phoenix that i know. It IS like going to Cave Creek before Cave Creek became the annex of North Scottsdale. Prices are cheap, portions are big and the atmosphere is completely unpretentious. I went the first time because i was WAAAAAAAY up on Bell (which was then the north edge of civilization) and most recently, because i had a coupon. It was well worth the stop.
3	Wagon Yard used to be awesome, but it has since fallen to "still pretty good".Their happy hour wing special is still good, it used to be 25 cent wings, now it's 30 cents. Their steaks are pretty good but for some reason used to be better. Their bbq ribs are still great though.I don't know, maybe it was the service. The first time my wife and I went we couldn't wait to come back, and then we brought a friend, and then we went again and wasn't quite as good, and then we went another time and the quality diminished just a little bit more...Maybe they're in a slump, who knows. Hopefully they come out of it. Wagon yard is the quintessential rustic western food and drink joint. they have karaoke very often, and they even have a coupon in the Entertainment book if I remember correctly, so it's worth trying at least once.
4	This place is one of a kind!  My wife and I went on the nite of 12/5 and not only got a   real good meal for peanuts, but a wedding too!  I too used the Entertainment coupon.  Give this place a try if you haven't already.
4	I'm not even sure where to begin.  This place is so weird!  They call themselves a saloon, and from the outside, that's exactly what it looked like.  They also have a sign out front that says no firearms allowed, but they have some weird iron sculptures of guns on the walls inside.  Strange.Anyway, we were hungry after work, as usual, so we were looking around for something new and interesting.  After giving up on searching for something closer to our current location, we gave in and decided to give this place a shot.  After all, who can resist cheap food?  I had to stifle laughter when we walked in.  I don't know what it is, but this place gave me the giggles!  We stood at the hostess table for a few minutes before we were acknowledged and then a table was cleared for us.  Our drinks were brought out quickly and then we ordered.  Honey Mustard Chicken Wings and Fried Mushrooms for the both of us to share, and a Turkey and Bacon grilled sandwich for me.Now, you will be sorely disappointed if you come here expecting any sort of creativity with food.  This is straight up generic as it comes food, but they at least do it right.  The chicken wings were piping hot, meaty, and had a pretty good flavor.  I'd probably order a bolder sauce next time.  The mushrooms were really strange.  They were fried, but their breading was soft, and not crispy at all.  I like the outsides to be crunchy, so they weren't my favorite, but I had plenty of ranch to dip them in and make things better.  Now, when my sandwich came out, I stared at it and was disappointed.  It just looked sad, especially with the straight from the bag wheat bread it was made with.  Let me tell ya, don't judge this book by it's cover.  My sandwich was packed with turkey and simply loaded with delightfully salty, crunchy bacon.  It was a really good sandwich, I'm just sad that I was too full to finish it!  The fries were, well, just fries.I'll probably come back to this place sometime when we're in the area again.  The food is solid, the service is decent, and you cannot beat the prices.  I think we got a soda, 2 apps, and 2 sandwiches all for under 20 bucks.
3	Well it is really hard for me to not give this place four stars on the price alone...but the food was just okay and I don't want anyone to think otherwise.  The honey mustard wings were a bit undercooked and not really covered in much sauce.  The fried mushrooms were soggy.  My philly cheese steak was decent but could have used more provolone.  All of this food was less than a $20 so I can't really complain.  Just don't expect a gourmet steakhouse.
3	I was hungry and crabby wanted somewhere to eat and look crabby without being judged. A saloon in a crappy part of Bell Rd would do. I loaded the 9 year old up and headed out. I passed all the fast food places and chains not even talking to the kid as we went. I really didn't care where she wanted to go... I saw Wagon Wheel and made a hard right... here come the grumbles and bitchen... what no grumbles just a "Whats is this place?" Sweet score one for crappy exterior and random signage.We walked in and waited for about 20 seconds before the waitress  escorted us to the dingy table with odd sized butt cushions. She rambled the kids meal items and asked what we wanted to drink and vanished. She returned to drop the drinks but before I could ask she vanished again...damn she is quick. She returned to take the order and I had to ask about the kids meals, she explained and asked if we needed more time... of course we do, we just now know what you have. She returns and we order 16 mild wings @ $.30 a pop, 10 for the kid and 6 for me. I ordered the burger med rare with cheese and all the fixin's. The wings arrived a little before the burger but that was ok, gave time to cool down. The were tiny and over cooked but they gave us like 18-19 to make up for it. The spice was surprisingly good for mild and they gave a shit ton of veggies with it. The ranch was watered down and tasted like it. The burger was said to be 1/2 lb but I doubt it was. It was cooked under rare which is better then too much to me. To quote a fellow Yelper Chris R.. BBQ King..."My burger was darn big I must say and was cooked nicely. The problem is that it didn't have any flavor. It appeared to be handmade but didn't have any seasoning and didn't have the best taste. I saw on the menu they were offering dishes that were "Char Grilled" but am surprised they didn't cook the burger on the grill. I think that would have been the difference along with a little bit of seasoning salt and some pepper"I could not have said it better. The place needs a good fricken cleaning but really who eats off the backs of dirty chairs or uses the restroom? Really. As long as I do not get sick from the burger, I will be back. Mondays is $10.95 prime rib and it looked good. Too bad the bitch before me got the last one. Total meal was just over $12 bucks, for a burger 16 wings a shit ton of veggies and a pop. I tipped a little extra because the cheap ass who had rib eye the table over stiffed her with a whole $2 bucks. Fucker. Go, but do not expect anything more then what we have described. You may like it. I did.
3	The fiance and I decided to start venturing into the unknown... this was our first stop.  Nothin fancy inside or out (but a HUGE sign that you cannot miss). Our waitress was really nice. I ordered the patty melt with wedge fries, he ordered the mushroom steak burger (or something like that) with regular fries and a side salad. And a "what the hell" we'll share a 6 piece order of suicide wings was tossed in at the end.1. The Patty MeltReally REALLY greasy. I picked it up and it was basically running down my arm. The wedge fries were AMAZING though (and I love anything that I can use as an excuse to eat ranch dressing)2. The Mushroom BurgerComes WITHOUT a bun (Weird. Fiance had to ask for a bun with his burger) but was really big and extremely tasty. If we go back, I'd get this and hopefully someone will be there to finish half for me since it's so large. His fries were good but I liked the thick fries better. Salad was boring, but neither of us expected much from a plain side salad.3. The WingsWe ordered suicide. These were not suicide. They were for wimps! Although they weren't as spicy as I'd hoped, they were still really darned good.Although my food wasn't the best, I think I need to give this place another chance since my fiances food was so good. Plus all of the above only cost us 19 bucks. We'll be back... probably on a Sunday or Monday when they have the All-U-Can-Eat Beef Ribs!
5	Great hole in the wall bar and grill.
5	Welp,  I'm back again.  It is.extremely hard to have an issue with this place.  Food is usually very good as far as bar food goes.  My girlfriend and I shared a dozen honey hot wings which were freakin delicious, a half dozen medium wings, and a bacon cheeseburger and a monster batch of fries.  Grand total - $17.84.  Had we been there on happy hour, it would've been $3 cheaper.  This place is an A+ in MY book.
5	I read the reviews and the major consensus was that it was good food, but maybe dirty.  If this place was clean - it would not be the "bar" atmosphere that it is.  We went for our first time last week and have already been back.  The food is GREAT and the prices, well they are CHEAP.  We had a 34 ounce beer for $4.50.  We ordered 4 meals, 2 appetizers, 2 ice teas, and 2 beers for just over $50.  If you want clean and fancy - go pay for it with; I prefer good, cheap food.
4	I usually visit this place about once a week or so during happy hour. I think the prices are awesome, the service is great as long as you don't sit at the bar (a local thing I think). The kids and I love the wings! I've recommended this place to several friends. Definitely a A++ dive bar. *** I love how they greet you when you enter the place. A lot of little dive bars miss that.
1	New owners New Menu Blah blah I used a restaurant.com coupon and wish I hadn't. Dumpy, bad service, worst food. 3 kids and myself for dinner during the week, I had the steak, a nice rib eye ...BARF IT WAS ABOUT 1/4 INCH THICK, GREY IN COLOR, NO SEASONING, AND 2 GRILL MARKS (SERIOUSLY 2) IT TASTED LIKE IT WAS BOILED. I SENT IT BACK (VERY UNUSUAL OF ME) I went with the ribs, which were Gray and boiled tasting too but the sauce was good and I was done! She sucked at refilling water, it spilled everywhere when she did and she never mentioned any kind of discount or anything. 2 kids want wings, which were on special for $0.35 each IF you buy drinks @ 1.75 each. (waitress proceeds to tell me this is CHEAPER then buying the wing plate. 1.75x 2 = 3.50 12 @ 0.35 = 4.20 total 7.70 for 12 wings and 2 kids hopped up on Dr Pepper. I ordered the 5.50 for 12 wings. and 2 waters. PS Wings were good. Kid #2 got fish... it was greasy and chewy, she didn't even eat all. The salads we OK the dressings were OK. Don't bother unless it is the bar your are after, at least the bar girl was cute.
3	only gp there if you have a coupon.dark, dingy and old but breakfast is good and cheap!
1	My son and i go to Wagon Yard, or atleast used to, about every other Sunday morning for breakfast. Today was the last time. Our waitress, to use the term lightly, was a middle aged, petite woman that looked like she woke up from a hang over. Our drink orders came out and my son noticed that his Dr Pepper tasted like syrup gone bad so we flagged her down and requested something else. I fully realize that this was not her problem, but this was the best thing about our service and food that occured during our visit. I had a breakfast plate that the menu indicated would come with eggs, potatoes, a hamburger patty and toast. My son had a hot pastrami with fries. Nothing to difficult about this order! The plates came out and i asked for tobasco. The waitress went off and got my tobasco and dropped it off a table across the room that didnt request it. We got a laugh out of that. So i ate the majority of my eggs without the normal condiment i enjoy just so they would not get cold. Once she did come within range of our table and i gestured for the tobasco once again i was almost done anyway so it was kind of pointless. Now on to the hamburger patty. I am a bachelor so i am very well versed in what a next day reheated burger patty tastes like. This was not even that good. I asked it be medium. It came out charred, crumbly and just plain bad. My sons pastrami did not appeal to him and i could see that it was undercooked as were the limp mess that were the side of fries. We both gagged our way through this mess. At this point i realized they had completely stiffed me of my breakfast potatoes. We were dropped the tab on the table without ever once being asked how are food was or if we needed anything else. When the waitress came for the ticket to run my card i stopped her and explained that i was jipped the potatoes on the menu and that my burger patty still had the spur marks where the cowboy kicked it she made zero attempt at an apology or providing any sort of customer service. Instead she came back with the bill run at full cost and dropped a stryrafoam carton of potatoes on the table stating she thought i didnt want them to begin with. A strange remark considering they are clearly listed as being part of my brweakfast and i never once requested they be left off. Again no apology was forthcoming. No offer to discount a really bad meal. I have friends in the food service industry and i know they work hard for their tips so i am usually one that gives no less then 20%. In this case i grudgingly paid the bill in full on my card and left a quarter for her troubles. That is about 20 cents more then was deserved. Do yourself a favor and avoid this hysterical mess of bad bar, a bad restaurant and bad people running it. Goodbye Wagon Yard and good riddance.
5	Recently went because I had heard that it was under new ownership and wanted to see if it had changed.  We went a few years ago and the food was good but the service was just ok.  Since the last time we were there the place is clean and everyone is very nice.  We love their food as it is your traditional classic american food.  We look forward to the new volleyball courts and wish the new owners luck.  I recommend the tex burger.
5	Seriously, the charm of this place is the people. It's been through allot in the last couple of years, changing hands and reverting back to the owner who had it for decades. This last loser stole everything of value, defaced the sign and closed the doors leaving an entire staff of loyal employees jobless because he couldn't get a liquor license. It WILL re-open. The bar tenders know how to pour a good drink, the food is cheap and good but the staff and patrons are like family. Think "Cheers" in the west. Can't wait to be able to walk in again and welcome back June and Eliot. :)
4	I honestly diidn't expect much but our waitress was great and the karaoke host made the night very enjoyable. Most importantly cheap drinks :)
3	I went to this place on my birthday because I had driven by so many times and needless to say was interested. I loved the overall atmosphere, it was so fun and the waitress was very nice. The menu does have a TON of choices but as far as the foods quality goes, I wasn't in love with it. It was a good time though so i'd probably go back.
1	Im only giving 1 start because I can't give 0.The waitress was pleasant and extremely helpful, but not dressed appropriately.The Food was inedible. We ordered a Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich and a Steak&Fries. The sandwich was bland, the cottage cheese tasted rancid, and the fries were way overdone. We ordered the steak medium rare, and it came well done, tough, and smothered in pepper (no other flavor at all). When we sent it back, the replacement was Raw inside, and grey. We did not feel safe eating it.The manager comp'd the steak (but not the fries!) and we were not thrilled but then it got worse.As we were towards the end of the (spectacularly disappointing) meal, a live baby roach ran across my fiance's plate. This is unacceptable and I will be reporting this place to the AZ Department of Health
4	a whole in the wall bar, but thats why ppl like it. they have karoake nights which is fun and its very laid back, not usually is a big crowd. the bar stuff is nice and the chili is good. they have pool tables, dart, bean toss, and a couple arcade games. pretty cheap as well.
4	I'm a sucker for old saloons and cool bars.  Been going to the Wagon Yard on and off throughout the years ever since since my wife & I moved here 29 years ago. My wife goes there every Friday night for Karaoke and I go with her on occasion.Although I've been here many times I never reviewed the Wagon Yard. So where do Ibegin with this place?  To start honestly the Wagon Yard is not going to be everyone's bag. At first glance the menu is fairly standard for a country western saloon. What I like about the' Wagon Yard is they get a nice mx of people not just a western crowd.They have a harty breakfast menu, a nice selection of sandwiches for lunch and sevreal dinner specials. None of which are pricey. Everything is very reasonalbe there.My wife normally orders either the mini chef salad with ham. Why because the regular chef's salad with ham & turkey is huge. Even the mini chef salad is more than enough for one person. If she doesn't get the mini checfs salad she will order one of their burgers. She says they are always made to perfection & taste good. For me I think over the years I've tried everything on their menu. My favorite is the liver & onions. Just make sure they don't over cook it. If done correctly it is FREAKING PHENOMINAL. in fact I'm salivatng thinking about it right now. :-)CUSTOMER SERVICE: SERVICE: Our waitress normally is DJ she is Super (super) friendly and always accomodating.  FOOD: The food isn't out of this world phenomenal, but they do have decent prices and okay portion size. AMBIENCE: This is not a fancy place and they even have a pretty decent size dance floor where we can only imagine the amount of line dancing going on. CONCLUSION: Been coming here for 29 years why stop now. Overall rating of either a 3.5 or a 4
1	HAHAHA..this was an adventure gone bad.My friend and i saw this while we were hanging out. We were hungry and thought....why not, maybe it is a diamond in the rough.NOPE!!!it's just rough. The burger i had was bland. no seasoning at all. I've eaten better burgers off a george foreman before... ...fries were mushy  and it was awkwardly quiet and dead in there.
4	Almost always the best burger in town for me.  Did have one burger that tasted like the meat was a little old, but I gave them another chance and has been OK since.  It's a laid back place and the prices on the burgers and such are good.  Steak prices seem a little high, so I never have ordered on.  But, if they are as big as the burgers, maybe that is why they charge more.  One of my favorite places to go for a burger.
4	I have gone here a couple of times, once for lunch and once for breakfast.The lunch was alright, and the breakfast was pretty good!!  I like the fact that they have a GIANT beer that I have to hold with both hands.  They have cool stuff going on in the back (horseshoes, sand volleyball, etc.).  I like this place, my husband and I actually thought that we may start going there more often to get an inexpensive breakfast and beer! :-)
3	Good prices, lousy service. Waited twenty plus minutes for wings and I one of three here. The beer is not at the right temperature and it smells like there is serious bacteria growing somewhere.
4	It seems like the Wagon Yard has been around forever, yet we made our first visit there about a week ago.  The waitress (I didn't catch her name) took great care of us. She noticed immediately that what I was ordering was painfully diet/limited and she catered to me without blinking, made sure my salad didn't have croutons, etc. The food was very good with great specials.
1	Call Jon Taffer, this bar needs rescuing!! Hubby and I were out for a birthday adventure day and thought we would try it. Should have turned around as soon as I used the womans room. Filthy, smelled horrid, gross. Felt like pressing my luck so ordered a couple of whiskey and sevens. Holy hell...not sure what well they got their whiskey out of but I couldn't even finish it (and that says a lot!!) Hubby ordered hot pastrami sandwich, he said was fine. That was then. Hubby has spent a lot of time in the bathroom since we've been home, that's all I'm saying. I ordered a 1/2 sandwich with cup of their house vegetable beef soup. The soup was rancid tasting. It had bubbles around the edge?! Ended eating my wonderbread Oscar mayer turkey sandwich and haven't had screaming diarrhea yet....You can be a dive bar without being a nasty bar.
4	I'm new to the area. Attending Mmi. saw this place and stopped in. Great dive bar atmosphere. Cold beer good food. Friendly staff, prices are decent. I'll come back for sure.
5	This place is great, we recently moved to the area and wanted to try some local eateries. My wife myself and 3 of my younger kids went there for happy hour...2-6 Monday through Friday.  They had half off appetizers and .45 wings everything we got was excellent, with the bonus of local bar people watching! We even went back the next morning for breakfat, again cheap and excellent.  We will definitely make this one of our new spots to hang. Also Monday through Thursday they have 1 dollar drafts and bottles. ..yes 1 dollar. Can't wait to go back without the kids, it looked like they also had a good karaoke and dance floor set up.
5	This place is awesome for breakfast... Come check it out! We come on Sundays and absolutely love the breakfast... And conversation.
1	First time I have ever seen a roach crawl across the table as dinner was being eaten.
4	The biggest shock of my recent culinary exploits was that The Wagon yard, a dark dingy looking place I'd passed by a million times would turn out to be not only a place I would enjoy eating, but a place that I would find myself visiting at least three times a month. The first time I stopped in it was almost out of desperation for lack of other close by open breakfast options. When I stepped inside it was exactly what I'd always imagined, dark and divey, with occupants at the bar just before eleven A.M. I was greeted almost immediately ajd told to sit anywhere id like, this wasnt the reception I'd come to expect from similar locations. I found a breakfast menu waiting at the table, the options were what you would expect to find at places like this, "two eggs plus this and that" and "pancakes and such", the prices? insanely low, Id be so user to eating at overpriced breakfast establishments in Scottsdale so I was delighted to find that this place had full meals for extremely low prices, yet a part of me remained skeptical. I had a two egg platter with sausage and wheat toast. I was shocked that they used real egg, and tasty ingredients. I was in love, the service was quick, honest, down to earth, and all around pleasant.  since my first visit I have been back enough times to fill one of their loyalty cards and treated myself to a ribeye and eggs at a discounted rate, and even then I wasnt let down, the steak was quality and cooked just how I liked it. I'd recommend this place to anyone who, like myself, would never think to give this place a chance. like the saying goes; " you cant judge a book by its cover", visit The Wagon Yard and treat yourself to a pleasant surprise.
1	The last tome I was in I was waiting for my motorcycle to be finished woth service next door. The wings tastes awful and the fries were clearly frozen store bought. The place still smelled like rotten feet. Later that night I got terribly sick and had diarreah for hours. Clearly the chicken had turned. Will not go back! Truly awful!
