4	I was excited to try Tutti Frutti for the first time since I last had it in Ellicott City, MD.  I've already had Razzy Fresh many times since I moved here, but here are some pointers about Tutti Frutti.  I'm too lazy right now to put this down in paragraph form.- there are 10 flavors, most of which rotate.  razzy fresh must've realized when tutti frutti decided to come to town, that they would have more flavors than the 6 razzy fresh originally had. On the murray ave location, razzy fresh shifted their whole counter space/toppings table over and shoved in 6 more flavors, giving them a potential total of 12 flavors to offer customers at one time. i don't see tutti frutti having the ability to expand to 12 flavors. most of the time , however, razzy fresh does leave 2 or more flavors off, so i guess this is a draw between the two.- razzy fresh often gives me yogurt that's a bit too liquidy for my taste. this could be because demand is high, and i dispense the froyo before it's ready. tutti frutti's froyo today was quite the opposite: the froyo was colder, almost a little bit too cold. this could be because there weren't as many customers, but based on past experiences, tutti frutti does better in preparing frozen yogurt at the right consistency.-tutti frutti has more toppings.- price is currently the same as razzy fresh. they gave me a 10% discount, however. it could have been because their register was temporarily down for 4 minutes and they said that they needed to wait to get the register working before they charged my card.  however, they also mentioned that if they hadn't gotten it working by the time we finished, the froyo was on them. too bad it started working before we left. just kidding. :)-the natural fruit flavors taste better here. you can actually see the kiwi seeds in the kiwi flavor, and the mango has a more natural taste to it. - they currently don't have a loyalty/rewards program, unlike razzy fresh. i hope that even though it's a franchise, they can start some rewards program up!i'll be back, simply because i like their flavors and their consistency better.  it was their first day, and based on the amount of used cups in their trash can, i think they got a fair audience today. try it out!
4	I never would have thought that Squirrel Hill was big enough to have two frozen yogurt shops, but as a neighborhood resident, I do like having options.Tutti Frutti feels roomier than Razzy Fresh on Murray.  When the weather's nice, Razzy Fresh often has a line going out the door, but Tutti Frutti seems like it could accommodate more customers without people spilling out onto the street.  The basic range of flavors is the same at both shops: a tart flavor, a chocolate, a taro.  Both shops rotate other flavors.The service at Tutti Frutti has been friendlier to me--employees greeted me, and asked if I needed any help with the dispensing machines.  Service at Razzy Fresh isn't bad by any means, but more reserved.  One downside to Tutti Frutti, however, is a lack of mochi bits at their toppings bar.  I'm not a Fruity Pebbles kind of girl--I want my fresh fruit and mochi.In the Squirrel Hill Fro-Yo Battle, I'm calling it a draw between Razzy Fresh and Tutti Frutti for now.
3	Eh? Basic frozen yogurt place. I prefer razzy fresh.
3	Purchased a Groupon and came here, thinking it'd be as tasty as Razzy Fresh but NOPE.Although there are more tables to sit down at, the Taro Froyo just wasn't doing it for me! They do have a wide toppings selection, which is great... but still doesn't make up for the MEH-ness of the froyo.
4	Way better than the razzy fresh down the block in my opinion.  Better atmosphere and decor, 60+ clearly labeled, fresh toppings and friendly staff.  I'd been wanting to try Tutti Frutti for a while and I just got off a diet, so I loaded up and filled my container with nothing but ice cream toppings!  The employee there laughed and said he'd never seen anyone do it, but I recommend it, they were all awesome, and the selection is extremely diverse.  My family got the soft serve and said it was excellent too.  I'd happily go back again
3	We are Razzy Fresh devotees, but when I saw a Groupon for Tutti Frutti one day, we decided to check it out and give it a chance.  Let's just say we were not converted.The decor is very cute - shiny, clean, and colorful.  They have many choices of flavor, and I tasted a few.  I wasn't overwhelmed by the mango or original flavors, but the vanilla was pretty good and very similar to the Razz.  They also had a great topping selection for the most part, some creative offerings, lots of random kids cereals, and a fair amount of fruit - but no MANGO!  I was super bummed about that.  The juicy mango bits are my favorite thing to put in froyo!  Sad.  My boyfriend was more unsatisfied than me - taro is his favorite flavor at the Razz, and he did not like Tutti Frutti's taro at all.  I tasted it and it was hard for me to judge, since I don't like taro anyway, but TF's yogurt was generally less strongly flavored, and had a bit more "fake" sweetness to it.We gave it a chance, but I don't think we'll be back.  Why to go Tutti Frutti when, for the same price, you can get some tastier froyo (and mango chunks!) at Razzy Fresh?  Razzy Fresh is also about a block closer to our apartment, so the deal is sealed.  Razzy Fresh wins the froyo throwdown!
4	I like frozen yogurt and I like toppings.  I really like picking from a variety of both.  One can be healthy or indulgent! Cool flavors to select from and lots of topping to spoon on your frozen treat.  A fun place and it's frozen yogurt for Pete's sake...enjoy it! Oh get the punch card! Free yogurt after 8 visits!
5	Love Tutti Frutti! My favorite flavor hands down is mango. Love the fresh fruit that is available everyday, especially the mango and kiwi chunks. Will be making frequent visits over the summer!
4	This is what I call a good froyo place. It was clean, affordable, there were a long list of options and the employees were nice. If you want a good self-serve froyo shop, you should come here!
2	A TCBY for the 21st century?  The McDonald's of Fro-Yo?  The place is similar to Razzy Fresh; Razzy is locally owned and operated, not an international franchise.  Tutti is slicker, of course - thousands have been paid to designers and marketers.  But the fro-yo is more or less the same, and the toppings just as good and fresh.  I prefer to go local.
5	Love the mango flavor!
4	funky/trippy little space on Murray Ave. in Sq.Hl. You pay by the oz. of yogurt + toppings.  I opted for the regular/un-adulterated yogurt .  Pretty good.  I will be back to get punches on my frequent customer card .
5	Yummy frozen yogurt in Squirrel Hill... Very fun environment!
5	Noticed that NONE of the reviews here have mentioned the main selling point for us.Razzy Fresh does not have dairy free or soy flavors and Tutti Frutti does.  That's all we eat so we haven't been to Razzy Fresh and I can't say if Razzy Fresh is good, I can only say it's not edible to everyone.  The soy and dairy free flavors at Tutti Frutti are tasty.  Toppings are yummy.  The whole package is super affordable.
5	Tutti Frutti has set a high bar for all of these other crappy frozen yogurt places that have been popping up recently.1. The staff is super friendly.  They are nice to talk to and always pleasant, whether you're an adult or a kid.2. They are great with offering samples.3. Their flavors are delicious (I love cheese cake - yum) and they have an excellent selection of fruit toppings that are fresh (most other places fall short here).4. They have deals, which most other places don't.  5. They have great hours and a convenient location to "swing by."6. It's clean and the atmosphere is great, whether you're in or outdoors.
4	This is a nice little branch my sister enjoys. Most frogurt places are all the same and just offer different varieties so i have nothing bad to say about any of them. I will say that this branch offers some stranger flavors like lychee that i have never had as a frogurt.When I was there my sister ordered lychee and cheesecake and i ordered the strawberry lemonade dairy free kind. It was delicious!! just the right consistency for eating, not too thick and not too watery. They have a nice topping bar although it was a lot smaller than the one I am used too. It did however have some different items to choose from like cocunut and strawberry yogurt bites.The decorations of this place are really cool. They have pictures of fruit that are sliced side ways and stacked on top of each other and then they put a swirl of yogurt on the top. It's a form of art that is very unique for a froyo spot. I also like the the coca-cola fridge. it's so retro and fits in so well with the white floor and walls of this place.
4	I brought my boyfriend here for a little froyo date before going to play pinball at Pinbash. I was seriously craving some froyo, and this is the closest location to me. It was also recommended by a friend, so this is where we went. The atmosphere is so cute. I fell in love with the decor and layout of the shop. It was a little strange to see no one around, but the employee was just in the back cleaning components of the soft-serve machine. Yay clean machines! There were a few choices for froyo like cappucino, cheesecake, strawberry banana, blueberry, lychee, plain, french vanilla and SOY (more on this later). I was disappointed there weren't more flavors or interesting flavors, but alas, I went with cappucino and cheesecake. The toppings are fantastic too. There's so much to choose from. I wanted to put them all on my froyo, but I was there for the soft serve, not the toppings. My treat was essentially love at first bite. It was really good, and for the amount my boyfriend and I got, it was also fairly cheap. Now, a really big selling point of this shop is the availability of soy frozen yogurt. I am vegetarian now, but when I was vegan, there was little I wanted more than soy froyo. I think it's incredibly important to offer tasty dairy-free options. It's great for the animals, great for people with allergies and great for vegans. Of course, it's also fantastic for people who simply want to try something different! I'll be visiting Tutti Fruitti again for my froyo fix, but I hope to see more flavors in the future.
