4	Found this great little cafe while looking for a different place in NDG - it was a fantastic little find.I had waffles with dulce de leche (the real stuff, not the sickly-sweet kind you sometimes get) while the gf had the banana foster waffles - both were outstanding. There was a bunch of other food on display that looking great, including legit-looking Argentinean empenadas (I'm going to go back just to try them).We had lattes, and the coffee was good (but not amazing). They were still better than most breakfast places in Montreal, so it's not actually a negative.The staff were really friendly. They offered to combine different things from the menu if we wanted, and gave suggestions when we asked, which was nice.They had a terrace-like setup of table and chairs out the front, taking great advantage of NDG's massive sidewalks - something I'll definitely be giving it a go on the warmer weekends.
5	Awesome service and and one of the only places I've found to get genuine Yerba Mate in MTL. Alvin was our server and gave the place a fantastic chill and laid back vibe. Will be sure to go back soon.
5	This place was a great alternative to the greasy Cosmo's staple.  Much better breakfast that came with some white sauce that I can't quite identify, but put this from a 4 star to a 5 star.  Service was great!  Friendly, looks like it's family run, which is always entertaining.  A great change from the same old that most cafes seem to offer these days, lots of unique offerings.  I definitely plan on discovering more of them.
5	One of my favorite hidden treasures in Montreal! Such a great energy there! The place is family owned with friends helping so everyone is always so relaxed and happy which really rubs off on the patrons. The food is amazing, always fresh and different. Definitely try the Mate Latte, so good! Worth checking out and coming back. Thumbs way up, I havent found anything else like it.
5	Mate Latte is a great little cafe situated in ndg.  It has excellent food, great service and very friendly staff, I would highly recommend it to everyone!
4	I love this place. It is so down to earth, relaxed and the staff are very friendly. I really like that almost everything is made in house, from the muffins to the savory tarts. Their coffee works for me, and I consider myself quite picky. Overall, this place can only get better as they learn more and more of what works for their business!
5	It's a charming beautiful place and the food is beautiful. Happy I found it as a spot for breakfast any day of the week.
5	Stayed in Montreal in NDG area and went here for breakfast two days in a row. Had eggs and bacon the first day and they kindly refilled my coffee without having to ask. Second day I was hungover and one of the girls suggested a Mate Latte (a green tea concoction with honey) which was nice. Had the waffles on my second round and it was wonderful. Friends enjoyed their crepes.Good atmosphere, friendly staff and the owner Andrea has great taste in music. Really nice and family friendly place to chill.
4	Hmmm... we had breakfast here this morning, and yes it was absolutely tasty and the staff were super friendly... but I can't give it 5 stars:It doesn't feel like a schmancy-fancy place, but the prices seem a little steep for what you get... my husband had the "waffles" and I had the "crepes", but what they really should have said is "waffle" and "crepe". Delicious, but not a speck of anything else on the plate -- no little orange slice, no potatoes, just a plain ole waffle and a crepe. I also find it hard to order on the spot (ie at the counter, before you sit down)... I'd much rather sit and have a coffee and contemplate the options... but that's my own mistake for not reading the reviews here first!!I do give them points for taste though -- the waffle was light and fluffy, the crepe was delicious -- and the tzatziki, MMMMM. We ordered a side of potatoes for $2 extra and they came with the most delicious tzatziki dip ever. I was dipping my crepe in the tzatziki at the end just to get the most of it :) With one cup of coffee and one water our bill was $27 -- not saying that's outrageous, just that for almost $30 I'd like my breakfast to be a little more rounded out. Not sure we'd go back.
4	We ordered the basic breakfast dish and the dolce de lece waffle. Basic breakfast was really good, the potatoes cooked to perfection. The dolce de lece and cream on my waffle was really good. For me, I prefer a little bit darker crunchier waffle. Still the cream and dolce de lece were delicious. What I think really makes this place nice is that you don't feel rushed out. It feels really nice to sip a giant latte and linger over the sun pouring in the front window. Great vibe and a really charming wait staff.
3	.
5	Walked in an checked out the menu full of waffles and crepesAlso eggs bacon yummy But I ordered a fresh baguette with butter A delicious cinnamon brioche And a macchiato All of this was amazing Couldn't wait for the next bite Get over here and enjoy
5	The best! Beautiful people behind the counter, and lots of delicious items to choose from!!
4	Great neighbourhood cafe, super friendly staff and delicious snacks! Only negative comment, needs some improvement on the wait time...
3	A bit haphazard, with slow, inattentive service, but a friendly place that has good food.  Our "blueberry pancakes" came with no blueberries in the pancakes -- berries came in a little bowl.  Cook said she doesn't like to put berries in batter because they gum up the skillet. Pancakes were still tasty, but we'd have preferred to know what we'd get before it arrived. Our scrambled eggs and bacon were nicely cooked, with very good home fries.  The only coffee is dark-roast. If you prefer a lighter roast, you won't find it here.
2	The food and coffee at Mate Latte are good and the staff are nice people. Unfortunately, the service is abysmal. Long wait times and wrong meals delivered on more than one occasion brought an end to my patronage.
