5	Background: I had called 2 other handymen for some standard repairs to rental unit and was flat out ignored by both. Then came Andy. Andy not only took my call on New Year's Eve, but agreed to show up on New Year's day. He was timely and efficient with his run through of the property's issues. We agreed on price range and he went to work. His minimum is $50 for a visit, and he is prepared and capable to do most anything. He was telling a story of a family needing assistance w/ setting up a new swingset playhouse over the Christmas season, and they called him to see if he'd do that, which he did until almost midnight that night until it was finished. Projects Andy completed for us: Toilet issues, Shower issues, molding and weather stripping, minor electrical, and a tricky lock installation. I find Andy to be a real quality individual who was polite, courteous in our home and most importantly knew what he was doing and even had some work-around tricks up his sleeve to keep us from going over budget and having to purchase more from the hardware store. For all of that I am exceptionally grateful and will have Handy Andy on speed dial for future scenarios.
5	I am not a guy who yelps a lot. However, when I do you probably aught to listen. I am in the process of selling my house and was in need of a handyman to repair odds and ends for the preparation of the sale of my home because I run a business and do not have the time to do it myself. Because I am a detail oriented and meticulous individual, I want it done right the first time therefore I deferred to yelp to find a good handyman and found that Andy had stellar reviews. I called Andy at the end of a busy day at about 8:30 at night expecting to get a voicemail. Andy answered the phone, quoted a price and scheduled a date and time to meet at my house for the repairs. He arrived at my house and assessed the situation, prepared a materials list and off we went to Home Depot. I purchased all the supplies and back to the house we went. This man gets out of his truck and worked NON-STOP. His quote was based on 1 days worth of work. At the end of the day he realized that he was not going to be able to finish the project, he said that he would come back the next day to complete the work. I expected him to say that he underestimated the project and that he would have to revise his bid. NO, NOT A WORD OF IT SPOKEN. He didn't expect payment at the end of the day and when I questioned him about the additional time and gas and what that would mean to the bottom line, he said nothing has changed with the pricing and that he was only discouraged that he could not complete the job in the timeframe that he quoted me. He came back the next day and completed the job including additional tasks that I had asked him to do for an additional fee. The work that he did was immaculate, the care he took around my home was meticulous. I felt totally comfortable with him around my wife and kids. This guy is truly 1 of a kind. This is one of the few times where I felt I had actually under paid and the results were over delivered. If I could hire this guy for my company I would. If I could give him 10 stars I would. If you are LUCKY enough to hire this guy for your project you will NOT regret your decision. In the short period I met this guy he feels like a family friend. If you need a handyman, look no further. Hire HandmAndy (I told Andy I was going to call him that from now on:)
5	I called Andy yesterday (Saturday) to see if and when he could come over to install my new kitchen faucet. Well...he came the very next day at 11 o'clock. He quoted 2 hours and did it in just over an hour.I also had him look at a door that leads to our backyard that was never staying shut and he fixed it in 2 minutes! Wow!I have added him to my "favorites" in my phone, as I will for sure be calling him in the near future. I highly recommend Andy for any work you have around your home.
1	I'vr been calling and leaving messages and cannot get a return call.  Andy might be good but he isn't good about returning messages.
1	I called Handy Andy after reading all of the glowing reviews on Yelp.  Unfortunately, my experience was nothing close to those I read.I had several things around the house that needed repair and, after going over the details with one of the representatives (not Andy), an appointment was set up for the following day.  I reconfirmed the appointment time in the morning, then rearranged my work schedule (including two meetings) to make sure I was here to meet him.  The appointment time came and went - after an hour and a half, it was clear no one was showing up. I left two messages (phone and email) to find out what had happened. No one bothered to return my messages or apologize for the inconvenience.  Apparently, their time is more valuable than mine.
1	I should give this company no stars. We tried to hire Handy Andy, when we called we were transferred to another repair man, Tom. Tom bid our job and was here one 1/2 days working on the project. He transferred our job to another Handyman to finish. It was done poorly, my husband is having to fix the damage done to our home and he is trying to finish the job on his own. We paid for the entire job and no one is taking responsibility for the mess. When we finally were able to speak to "Andy", he wondered how we got the name of the person who did the work. We let him know that we were referred to the handyman by Andy. He said they don't do the type of work we contract them to do. What is going on here? I am not sure who is writing the reviews for this company, but I wonder if it is all of the "handymen" that Andy refers his clients to. Or maybe Yelp puts through good reviews for companies who advertise with them. I smell a rat.
5	Handy Andy came out today and fixed the mess made by the contractors that were given to us by his company. He did a great job and we appreciate everything he has done to fix this. If you call for Handy Andy don't accept anyone else but the real Andy to do the job. He did say this is not a job he would have contracted to do, but he will fix what was poorly done and we appreciate that! 5 Stars for Handy Andy!
1	After reading glowing reviews on Handy Andy I went to his website and emailed him.   Didn't receive a response for a couple days.  I should have stopped right there, but I thought maybe he was busy.  Tried to leave him a voice mail, but wasn't able because the mailbox was full. Should have stopped there, but again thought maybe he was busy.   Got in touch with Andy on the phone a few days later and scheduled an appt for Saturday at 10:00.   AT 10:30, no show so I gave him a text and he said he was on his way.   It's now 12:30, no show, no call, no text return (sent him another text for an ETA).   What a waste of time!   Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time with this individual.    If you read through the reviews you will see that I am not the only one who received such crappy service.   Thanks for nothing.
5	I highly recommend Andy did an excellent job for a reasonable price. He replaced the edge molding on my two story house and it came out perfect. Thanks Andy!!!
1	We contacted Handy Andy to do some work for us.  A representative from this company arrived 45 minutes late to our appointment to look at the job.  He said he would be able to do the work and would text back once he looked at the schedule book to work us in.  He never texted or called and did not respond to our follow up call to him.  Terrible manners in addition to terrible customer service.  If I were you I would look elsewhere for someone to meet your needs.
