3	We met up one of my friends here since it's near school. It's definitely got that dive bar feel which we like, and you don't see the types of people going here that you would in scottsdale, so I like that even better. Drinks are cheap (half pitcher was cheap, and we got rounds of 3 drinks for about $10 each round) The beer only comes in a small glass or a half sized pitcher. Still cheap though I guess? There's a shuffle board and two pool tables along with some arcade games. Each game of pool was 3 quarters, and people are pretty patient to wait to playThe thing that was weird was filling out a sign in book with my name and license. Dunno what that was about. Overall, it was ok, we had fun and didn't spend too much
3	I really want to like this place, as the location and setting is great, but it fails on a few critical aspects. First, the service can be challenging. If you are at a table or playing darts, you often have to wait quite a bit for a hostess to come by. Next, the place is like a sauna, very hot inside with pre-WWII box fans used to circulate the air. It has good food and cold beer, love the layout of the boards and tables and the atomsphere, for the most part, is very casual and relaxed. Great weekday place to enjoy a cold beer and de-stress and people watch. Fun on the weekends, busier and more active, as expected.
1	this is a dive bar. you would think with a dive bar that you'd get really good drink specials. went there a few times. the drinks are definitely not on special and i think they're pricey. my bottled beer was about $3.50. i go to other places on happy hour and can get the same beer for $1.50 at a place at 35ave & peoria, $2.00 at sandbar, $2.50 at rt osullivans, and $1 for a draft at pullanos. so, i don't believe they have a happy hour. if they do, it sucks. the food is ok. also not on special. it comes across as an older, dirtyish, no frills bar. don't get me wrong. i like dive bars. but when there's no drink specials, no food specials, why go? would never recommend it to anyone.
5	Great place. Friendly staff and good atmosphere. I really enjoyed my visit here.
4	Love this dive bar! Great service, lots of drink specials, and a very fun atmosphere. My favorite thing to do is play darts but they also have a shuffle board and a pool table.This isn't the place to come if you're looking for great food or lots of televisions to watch all the games.
4	I enjoy dive bars. So i might be partial in my review. But this place is cheap, been around for 20 or some years. At night your looking at a young and old mix crowd. I'd say 25yrs old and up. Good tunes loaded in the jukebox. Punk, metal, classic rock, blues. The food is great, its bar food, so it better be.Oh and the bartenders are the best. The two sisters working behind it are really sweet and always remember your drinks. The first time i came in i ordered a pbr tall can ($2) i might add. And the next time i came in the bartender literally cracked one and handed it to me without me asking.That's service!
3	Cheers is that place where EVERYONE goes. It reminds me a little of that coffee shop on "Friends" where everyone would meet up and listen to Phoebe sing about smelly cat. In all seriousness, though, Cheers isn't bad. Cheap drinks, decent music selection, and the fact that you are surrounded by everyone you know makes every night there great. Personally the ambiance doesn't make it my first choice to go and grab a drink, but then again, Cheers wouldn't be Cheers without the eclectic decorating job.I've never had the food here, although the last time I was there someone ordered some wings that smelled divine. I may have to check that out next time.Overall, Cheers is a great place to come to have a cheap, good drink, and hang out with everyone...(LITERALLY... EVERYONE) that you know.
5	Cheers is one of the most excellent places I've been too. Some may not find it glamorous enough, full enough, or friendly enough, but its just the right touch of everything.If you're good to the bartenders, they're good to you. I go there fairly regularly, and once they get to know your face they'll give you great drink specials. I suppose it would be considered a "dive" bar, but its fun for my friends and I. No complaints, Cheers is excellent.
4	This bar is pretty chill. They have an alright beer selection. Even serve PBR which is important to some! :)  It stays pretty chill. Mostly regulars. The o have an internet jukebox which helps make any place little better. Most of the music that was played was rock, punk, and metal. Nice. The worst part was there weren't many hot guys or girls to look at! :(
