3	The service here is nice and the time frame is quick, usually a one day turn around. My one complaint (and this is big) is that the place smells. I cannot trust a cleaners that smells bad...
4	I have been happy with this cleaner.  Last tie I was in, the nice gal there told me about the Members club.. pretty straight forward, pay $4 up front, get a special dry cleaning container bag, and get 40% off all dry cleaning and %20 off all household dry cleaning (comforters, etc) - how cool is that?Their staff has always been kind, quick, and they seem to do their job well.  Our clothes are always dry cleaned well... so, I'm a fan!
1	GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. I submitted 6 button down shirts and a year old Ralph Lauren suit. They lost 3 shirts, but only told me they lost 2. Weeks later while I was submitting my claim they found my shirts. The worst part was my suit had a small hole on the back of the jacket. I had to let them know how much the suit was first to submit my claim and when I did I expected to be reimbursed. I received a check for $7.95 and a $5.00 store credit. The suit was about $700 so I thought they made a mistake, but no. The letter they sent included a brochure about how insects can cause holes in suits and that was the reason for the hole and the responsibility was mine. I have never experienced a hole in ANY of my clothes, EVER, and the suit did NOT have a hole when I turned it in. I was outraged when I spoke with one of the owners of the company, who treated me like a child and told me life isn t fair. Unless you want to deal with a company who has insects that can ruin your clothes, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
1	GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. I submitted 6 button down shirts and a year old Ralph Lauren suit. They lost 3 shirts, but only told me they lost 2. Weeks later while I was submitting my claim they found my shirts. The worst part was my suit had a small hole on the back of the jacket. I had to let them know how much the suit was first to submit my claim and when I did I expected to be reimbursed. I received a check for $7.95 and a $5.00 store credit. The suit was about $700 so I thought they made a mistake, but no. The letter they sent included a brochure about how insects can cause holes in suits and that was the reason for the hole and the responsibility was mine. I have never experienced a hole in ANY of my clothes, EVER, and the suit did NOT have a hole when I turned it in. I was outraged when I spoke with one of the owners of the company, who treated me like a child and told me life isn t fair. Unless you want to deal with a company who has insects that can ruin your clothes, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
1	I will suggest anyone to take your business from this location. Do not trust this location with you expensive clothes. They will ruin your expensive clothes.Delia cleaners claim to have a system in place to manage customer requests which is through a computer system and give you a blue color bag which they claim will have all notes attached in their computer system by having a unique number assigned to each customer. They placed center crease on (4) of my dockers 4th time inspite of my repeated reminders on top of providing them clear instructions to treat my clothes as per my criteria while setting up my account as well. Might be they have system in place, ultimately people have to follow quality assurance . Quality assurance trickle down from top management how cautious they are about taking care of customer needs. By just providing lip service that they have system in place and then ruining customer clothes does not make sense. It tell me it is management lacking an interest in serving customers, rather they are just focused on getting clients money and focused on their profits without having any consideration for their clients. They have horrible service. On top seems to not care a bit to resolve this. Successful co's are build upon client's trusting their vendor or service providers. Do not trust these guys! Inspite of multiple requests to store associates to have store manager and or either management call me, no one have called me to resolve this matter. Now  have to go an buy new pants, as they are 100% cotton pants once center crease is place by heating systems it is hard to get that crease off. I had travel arrangements and now had to spend time to source my clothings for a trip on top of posting these comments to caution other's how badly Delia cleaners at Alma school location in Chandler, Arizona treat their Clients!!!! Very bad service .
