4	Finally, wow! The Pressbox got a much needed facelift!  Brazwell's is a clean and modern looking pub.  It was packed on Saturday night both inside and out on the patio with a very fun crowd.  The new food menu looks great with plenty of things to try.  We went back for lunch and I had a bbq chicken sandwich that was just so-so.  But their fish sandwich was great, lightly battered and cooked perfectly.  I hear they have a fish and chips dinner special on Fridays. So I'll definitely be back for that.
2	I have been to Brazwell's a couple of times.  The best thing they have going for them is their great patio to hang out and have drinks, this outweighs the negative.  I have ordered nachos twice and both times the processed cheese food was cold, I don't mean it was warm and it was served room temp, I mean cold from the fridge.  Weird.  Nuke that mess before serving me.  I demand my processed cheese food served hot.  I have high standards.We went another time, a group of six , we all had drinks and snacks, it was a fun time in the late afternoon and there was hardly anyone there, so it was fine to serve sub par food.  I went in recently because Good Food on Montford didn't open for 30 minutes, so we ran into Brazwell's for a cocktail, there was a game on tv and it was packed.  A group was standing beside us and I saw a vacant bar stool, when I grabbed it a guy told me I took his stool, I told him he could have it back, but then of course he said I could have it.  It was weird and he was mean and sarcastic.  Bars would be much better if we could vote people off the island.
4	Cool bar/atmosphere with a great outdoor deck.  Food is ok, not great.
1	Go here for amateur night for sure!  You might as well be hanging out at a chain bar with drunken frat boys and mini-skirts crooning to Top 40.  I guess Bar Charlotte is back....only on Montford.  I'd have a better time at Applebee's Bar & Grill.
2	Went for the first time last week.  Great patio.  As far as food, only had nachos.  Wow I cant believe restaurants use cheese wiz.  Come on lets use some real cheese please !
5	Brazwell's and there staff there were really cool.  Nice big patio out back, lots off beers on tap, staff always there to check up on ya.And a must in any decent bar in NC, AIR CONDITIONED!!!!  Ahhhhhh!Tasty snacks - the manager found out we were from out of town and brought us a sampler of the local favorite - fried pickles.  Thanks man, but I'll stick with your awesome nachos and New Belgium beers on tap.
4	Was invited to Brazwells to watch a match of the World Cup.  The atmosphere is really great.  if you're looking for an intimate (as in smaller and can get loud) place to watch sports, this is the place.  Lot's of screens, seats are comfortable for an hour+ of seating, and the food is pretty good.  I didn't have anything to drink because of the hour but I did have the nachos which were incredible.  It was enough to hold three of us over for lunch.  Yeah, I'll be back.
4	Brazwells is simply a great time. I love going there in the summer and hanging out on the back deck. They have good drinks and pretty good bar food. No matter what the night there is always a good amount of people in there. They also have good sports trivia there as well.
3	Met some friends there on a Sunday during football playoff season. Since we weren't there to watch the games, the place was too loud for my taste. The lady at the table next to me, who screamed profanity every time a play happened during the game, leads me to believe this may not be the place to bring children. However, I was impressed with all their screens and would consider going back during college football season to enjoy a game there. I'd also like to try hanging out on their patio during the warmer months.Our server was pretty good, despite being very busy.Wine prices seemed high for this type of pub, so I opted for a sangria, since I wasn't in the mood for a beer.The chicken dumpling soup was good, and my fellow diner raved it reminded him of his grandmother's soup.However, I was extremely disappointed in my pear salad. The menu said it was served on mixed greens, but all I got was some tasteless iceberg lettuce. I should have spoken up at the time and questioned my order, but I didn't, so in Brazwell's defense, I didn't give them the opportunity to correct this blatant error.I will give them another shot, and look forward to providing an updated review at that time.
4	I usually stop in here to watch part of a game or grab a drink with friends.  I've never had any of there food but what I have seen come out of the kitchen always looked pretty good.They have lots of TVs and a bar out back and a huge deck that's great in the summer.  They also have daily drink specials and the Miller High Lifes are always $2....woo hoo!
3	So the wait staff is full of nacho ninja's (i.e. we had a few lone chips sitting on the once bountiful nacho plate and they kept trying to take our plate away even though we were still working on them). A bit of a turn off if you ask me. Another turn off is when I am thirsty and can't get a drink in a timely manner and when our server takes our cards to pay the tab and doesn't come back for a good 15 minutes letting us think that she skated off to South Park mall to go on a shopping spree.Nice patio though, it was bumping for a random 70 degree weekend day in Charlotte but the crowd sure enough changed to the trite early 20's crowd with too many popped pastel colored collars for my liking. Food was decent--as stated before we started off with the nachos which were surprisingly delicious and I had the buffalo shrimp appetizer. They had wallet friendly drink specials, lots of room in the back and a great selection of food but I think if I were to come back, it would be for the day drinking aspect alone.
4	Brazwells is a great bar.  I am not sure how the food is as I have never eaten here.  Maybe I will never eat here as I do not want to ruin my great pub-ish experience.  Atmosphere - Good mix of 20, 30, and 40 somethings, a college kid to business man crowd, clean, restaurant-y inside, nice deck area in back, pub-ishDrinks - I never really noticed that they mix a decent drink here (in the main bar area) until recently someone with me mentioned that the Capt & Cokes here are mixed well.  The quality of their mixologist became more noticeable after we left and went to Angry Ale's and then Andrew Blairs (well, Adrew's more for pricing)  You would think that as the night progressed it would become less noticeable as to how the drinks tasted, which means the other places must serve some really lousy drinks.   Price - Cap & Coke...tall...not a double...$6Overall - I always have a good time here and the atmosphere, while crowded is good.  Plus the drinks are in nice glasses of well (no pun intenede) mixed goodness.
4	Great summer time bar! This is an awesome spot to stop for a few or 10 cocktails on a summery day. The crowd looks to be made up of a good mix of locals. This looks like the type of place you drink beer, cheap beer. They had $2 champagne of beers and $1.50 PBR. This will be a stop on my way by every time.
4	I went here for a Friday lunch break from work and was pleasantly surprised.  We sat out of the back porch that was conveniently placed under two huge oak trees that keeps you cool and in the shade.  They have a huge patio area with a section for cornhole.  The service was a little slow but the food was worth the wait.  I got the blackened grill chicken sandwich and it was excellent.  I swear the fries were stolen from Five Guys and they were delicious.  Inside was a little touristy but had a solid comfy feeling.  I wonder what the night life atmosphere is like..  Enjoy!-Ian M.
3	Tends to be overcrowded on the weekends and the use of space is horrible. Trying to move from inside to outside is more intimate than it should be.Once the DJ starts cranking at night, you can't hear the person next you inside.It is a great spot if you can get a table on the deck but other than it being on Montford, there is nothing really appealing about this place over any other bar outside of Uptown.I've never had the food, drink prices seem to be average.Can sometimes make for some interesting people watching with the various crowds it attracts.
3	Popular bar on Montford with a great back deck.  I was there on a Fri night and it got pretty packed with a young, 20 something crowd.  There isn't much special about the place beyond the deck.  Beers are typical, service is average, people in abundance.
4	Excellent bar/restaurant!  The menu items are always tasty, and the waitstaff is not hard on the eyes!  My buddies and I like it for lunch.  The only negative was a month or so ago, I went with my son and 6 of his friends for a bachelor dinner the week before his wedding.  We sat there for probably 2+ hours and ate and drank to the tune of $200+ ..... then the hostess asked us to give up our table!  She was nice about it, but if I hadn't been 'well lubricated' by that time, I'm sure it would have pissed me off.  That's the only negative I'd have for a truly great establishment.
3	I never had the food here, but usually stop by for a few drinks. In the summer this place is always packed.   During the winter its a lot slower with a mix of people from young to over 50.  Sometimes the place makes you feel like you should have dressed up, but other times I feel like crusty sweatpants and stained wife beater is acceptable attire.  This is the reason I have given this place 3 stars as opposed to 4.   It seems a little lack luster in the inside and its not really defined what type of bar this is.
4	The place looks like a nicer level of sports bar. The service and food were good. The noise level was high as there was a game one the many televisions and a lot of chatter.
3	Pretty decent place and a staple when you're going for drinks on Montford.  Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Lots of young 20-something's hanging out there on a Wednesday night so if you are in hat age bracket, the. You should have a good time.  Looked like there were a lot of Affliction-wearing dudes but not sure. Definitely gave that vibe. Awkward because birthday girl wanted Stella and they had it but had to go to the bar to get it, wouldn't serve it up which is meh.  If you want Stella and want to sit outside, I wouldnt come here.  Other than that, solid.dmo out
4	Every time I turn around, Charlotte surprises me with another gem; this place is cool!!  Def a bar atmosphere, but they have a really awesome patio.  Great food & even better beer selection; I love how they list their top-shelf booze!
3	Pretty good chill out spot on Montford. Never had the food, but the bartenders are usually pretty good, moderately priced drinks, inside can get crowded at times, especially on the weekends. Only thing I don't like is the DJ, THE DJ HERE IS TERRIBLE, please for the love of god do not play 'the thong song' its dead let it die. The music is turned up way too loud for a bar like that and he just plays your stereotypical early 2000s party mix. I know people don't come here for the music, but please at least try and provide our ears with something decent.
3	This is a fair spot. Solid patio experience, but pretty loud inside - you're gonna get DJ'ed on Friday for sure. It was slammed when I went, with the usual suspects in Charlotte (a lot of attractive ladies around on the Friday I went, with the requisite number of button-up shirted dudes in tow). My friends mentioned that the Montford area was filling up because Uptown (as people in Charlotte call downtown) was becoming less attractive. So, apparently it's always like that. Service wasn't necessarily slow, but we were in a booth and no one served us. If you don't mind a crowd and mostly standing, not a bad place - particularly if you live in the South Park area.
4	Great place for Happy Hour! We typically go here either to start or end the night, and it can get pretty packed. Cornhole on the deck is clutch, and this place is the best for watching NFL games. They have a bloody mary bar on Sundays and tons of TV's. Never a problem watching the games here.
4	This is one of my favorite neighborhood spots.  It is a fun bar with a great outdoor space and the food is definitely a cut above bar food with a variety of choices.  For example, try the salmon salad. This salad is really big and very filling.  If you are really hungry and like it a little spicy, try the buffalo chicken sandwich - it is huge and very tasty.  Don't forget to try to fried pickles too!
1	It take a lot for me to really go off on a place.  A LOT.  But Brazewells has earned my displeasure.  Let me start with at least one positive.  Kelly, behind the bar, is awesome.  She's friendly and knows her stuff.  And that, my fellow yelpers, is where the redeeming qualities end.Rarely have I been where the waitstaff was so clueless and uncaring.  "May I see a wine list?".. "Oh, uhh.. well, we don't really have one right now... sorry."  *crickets*  Are you kidding me?  if I had been here once and heard this, I probably wouldn't mention it, but over a 3-4 month period, I heard this more than once.  My other major complaint is that many of the servers are just rude.  I'll grant, however, that if I had to put up with the usual crowd they draw, I may be, too.  After visiting this place on a Saturday night, I knew it'd be my last visit.  The back patio was WAY overcrowded and packed with self-absorbed douches.  Rudeness gets elevated almost to an art form back there.  Beware, they also allow smoking back there.  Just.. eww!  As we were trying to leave, I had people actually refuse to move so that I could step down off the patio.  Seriously??  Why are there bouncers here?  All they did was watch as I struggled to navigate the insanity.Skip this drunk and douche infested place and walk across the street to Ten Park Lanes, instead.  You deserve better.
4	This review is strictly based on the one time I have been to Brazwells and considering it was a bachelorette party you may totally disagree with me and that well I can understand.  This bar was a great place to bring 10 heavily intoxicated girls - the weather was beautiful the back patio was awesome - and with the amount of men around drinks were plentiful.  I look forward to coming back at another time to really check this place out!
4	I eat lunch here regularly and the food is good.  One of my favorites on their menu is the seared tuna sandwich.  If you like tuna, it's one of the best sandwiches in Charlotte.  I've also had their salads, wings and burgers and they are very good as well.    I have had the chance to visit it late night yet, but have been after work for a drink or two and it's a very laid back atmosphere!  There is a digital juke box so there is always good music playing in the back round!  The outside patio is also very cool, great place to have a drink when the weather cools down!On the inside, they have a ton of TVs on the walls to watch any game that may be on.
2	Decent food. But.... I ordered an Irish coffee, and they gave me a cup of coffee with a shot of whiskey on the side. I asked the bartender if she knew how to make this simple drink. She said, "we don't do that here". Wow. I asked for the remaining ingredients, and I was charged for each individual ingredient. $17.00 Irish coffees at Brazwells. Condescending staff.
4	Time went: 10:30am-ishCrowd: Bar people ready to drink and dance at the mini-dance floorMusic: mix of house, 80's/90's, and more current hip-hop (thank god!)Seating area preferred: Outside front patio by the cool looking obelisk silver heater!Overall feel: Love it! Good drinks, nice hang out place with friends, great music to listen to, I finally found a place that is close by, don't have to go to the Epicentre, and plays hip-hop. I miss dancing, and this place is a great place the get your groove on.If I get tired of the place, or need a change of scenery, head over to Andrew Blair's for more dancing.. Or Angry Ales for more drinks and relax :)
3	Great place to watch a game.  On Sundays they have a make-your-own Bloody Mary bar which is outstanding.  They are also cheap-- $4 (I think) and also have a Mimosa special.  I have not eaten a meal here.  I have had the pimento cheese dip (which was an awful consistency-- think not-all-the-way melted Velveeta), I have seen the wings, and had a various assortment of fried bar food.  It was all fine.  My friends thought the burger was delicious-- both were suffering from the liquor flu so I am not trusting their judgment 100%.The service here has never been good.  The location works.  The back patio is fun (has its own bar) and the Bloody Mary bar is fun.  This is a place to go and drink, not go to eat.  And don't be surprised if you have to get your own drink from the bar because your server is no where to be found.Maybe I am just disgruntled.  I miss the Press box being here...
4	Went there Saturday for rivalry weekend around noon..great day on the patio.  Kids played cornhole and threw the football in the parking lot.  Wings are good but get them crispy...fries are very good.  Burgers are awful....think one step down from frozen bubba burgers.Get the burgers right and it's a 5 star
3	I really like the food.  Come once a week for wings. However...their waitresses are just rude.  Never a smile.  I mean never.  They act pissed off all the time.  Hello management....kick some wait staff butt and treat your customers like they are appreciated.  For two years we've come here and they pretend they've never seen us before.  I'm talking at 630 for food....not midnight when they are tired.  WORST WAIT STAFF IN CLT.  PERIOD.
4	I love coming here.. The food is always good and the beer is always cold but... I have to agree with Lyn B.. The wait staff is horrible. The girls look irritated when they wait on you and it takes them forever to come over to take your drink order and food order. I used to be a waitress and there is no excuse for bad service.
2	Great location, ok service when you sit outside, horrible food. Good for outside seating and beer...
1	Moldy air with beer that tastes like the tubing has not been changed in a while. After not getting service at a table, one of the bartenders was nice tho.
3	Me and my friend came here on st. Patrick's day. I have serious issues with the waiter service at this place. We ordered drinks and two appetizers. Mozzarella sticks and nachos, both were $8.99. There were only like 6 mozzarella sticks for my order but the nachos came in a huge plate? I feel like I was getting a pretty good deal for the nachos(but after all they are just chips and some shredded cheese and diced tomato, shouldn't cost much to begin with). While on the other hand, I was paying like $1.50 per moz stick, wow those are some expensive cheese sucks I tell you. Neither of the appetizers were super wow amazing, I can give my moz sticks a 4/5 and the nachos 3.5/5. It was a Saturday so we both also ordered mimosas, mimosas are one of the Saturday special drinks, only $2 each!! That's pretty darn cheap, though it comes in a tiny tiny narrow champagne glass. The mimosas are ok, 3.5/5. My biggest problem is that when we walked in to the bar, no one approached us, we had to fetch for our own table, eventually we couldn't find a table so we sat at the bar. When we wanted to order our drinks, there were waiters standing around and we definitely looked like we were ready to order but no one approached is still. By then I was pretty pissed and was ready to leave but I decided to give it one last try, I approached one of the girls and finally placed my order. When I asked to have a cup of water on top of my order she looked irritated and went back scooped the ice and just handed me my water. When we were day to pay no one approached us still, the whole time we were just left there, I almost did not leave a tip.
5	Another great chill place to hang. Depending on the time of day the vibe can change but the food is great, awesome drinks, lots of servers and bartenders, (most of them very attractive and friendly) and just a comfortable place to hang. Try the Sunday brunch and have the pico chicken, the wings are good, most sandwiches are great, and it's just a very comfortable place. Out back is a great deck to chill or inside with lots of TV's for sporting events.  Montford is the hottest spot in the city these days and Brazwell's started the boom. And I saw an average review of a burger but apparently the writer didn't have the southern burger with cole slaw and chili. YUMMY.  I hope to go back this weekend.
4	My friends and I often come here for a low key night out. This place has a decent selection of beers, and the food is pretty good. The wings are good here, and I love the fried pickles and pimento cheese dip.The only downsides are parking (limited, but expected around Montford) and it does get extremely crowded. Plus, customer service can be hit or miss with the waitresses. The last few times I went, they were pretty friendly, though.Overall, I would recommend it to people but if you don't like waits or crowds, try going during the week. This place gets packed on weekends.
3	Just stopped here for a drink on a Saturday evening. Sat on the back patio and listened to the sounds of a football game on TV mixing with the birds in the trees above. Kinda strange but fun for me! I tasted a cucumber vanilla martini which was pretty tasty!
2	I have been back a few times since my last review. I want to love this place, and I do find myself coming back. However, the service has been pretty bad lately. Recently, my friends and I came by for a beer, but decided to eat in. We let the hostess know this and she brought us menus. Then, we waited. Over the course of 35 minutes, we tried flagging down a few waitresses, but they were ignoring us. One waitress in particular was spending all her time and one table. That table sat down when we did and had their appetizers and full meals out before we ever even got a drink order in! I finally went to the bar and asked if we could possibly get a server. The girl who eventually helped us did a decent job, but we waited so long to order that only one of my friends ate. Everyone was pissed, and I really can't blame them. Overall, we were there almost an hour and a half just to get our meals and everything. I like the casual vibe and it is a decent spot to watch a game, but it's definitely not the place for decent customer service. My advice? Just come for the beer and order at the bar.
4	Brazwells is one of those chameleon places. Whether you want a patio to enjoy the weather, a place to grab some eats, TVs to watch fill-in-the-blank game, have a casual drink or a bar to tear loose with your friends... you can do it all here.The big draw of this place is the patio. It's always packed and a great place to soak in a beautiful day. Bonus: there is a bar there so you don't have to go inside for drinks.There are a ton of TVs. The setup is great for football... or any sport for that matter. I have been there many times with friends who each want to watch a different game. All are usually happy in the end. They also have a fantastic Bloody Mary bar and $2 mimosas on Sundays.I've had a little bit of everything on menu. No complaints here. I'm a big fan of the fried zucchini. The wings are also pretty good. You order by the pound. One pound equals about 8 wings. My current go to order is the grilled veggie wrap.One problem here is parking, but it's not just a Brazwells issue. The entire Montford area gets pretty busy on the weekends. If you can swing it... cab it. Great specials throughout the week. One thing I like about this place is the fact that whether it's slow or completely slammed... the service is still pretty much on point.Fun atmosphere at all times. I always stop by when I'm out in the Montford area.
4	Since I work right beside Montford this is in my weekly rotation of lunch spots. The food is great, service is friendly, and the back patio is awesome.Always end up ordering a beer and the Western Burger. Never disappointed! Haven't been here for dinner, but I hear it gets quite busy.
3	Okay, let's get real and to point.  The service is not amazing at Brazwells and the food is your typical bar food, nothing more; however, the outdoor patio is your numero uno reason to hit up Brazwells.  Your could be eating a turkey sandwich on stale bread and manage to have an enjoyable evening from that patio.  Here's my advice when you go to Brazwells: lower your expectations for timeliness and service.  Our waitress was nice, but beyond ditzy and I could see other waitresses just standing around, which led me to believe this is the norm.  That being said, the food is not bad.  Go outside, order a beer, watch the game on one of their many TV's and just enjoy the evening.
4	Don't hate me, but I'd say 3.5, if possible.  However, if I'm on Montford on any given weekend, I stop by so I rounded to 4!  Brazwells offers both liquor and food, as well as an indoor and outdoor venue.  The menu is pretty much your standard bar fare, but can do the trick in a pinch.  The scene on Friday and Saturday nights is pretty packed.  In fact, if you're a lady, be prepared to wait for one of two (female, unisex) individual bathrooms.  I like that Brazwells offers a DJ on the weekends but the dancing space is quite limited - you need to be prepared to bring your own party but it is manageable!  What I love about Brazwells is the outside patio.  It has it's own bar, and plenty of flat screen TV's.  Also, in the colder weather there are fire pits that help to warm you up!  The biggest downside is the wait time for drinks on the weekends.  I've had to wait as long as 25 minutes to be served - standing right at the bar.  Again, it is a give and take - good crowd but not always the most efficient bar.  I'll be back in the future, and I suggest you try it out for yourself.  Most people love it or hate it - roll the dice :)
3	Good place to go watch sports and just hang out with your friends. Food is pretty standard bar food and has good service.  Mixed crowd on Saturday night. I enjoyed my experience.
3	Ok Brazwells, you little devil...you suckered me in with your Monday special:  Half Price WingsThe setup is pretty cool, a few booths, tables and chairs and tons of tvs behind the bar.  The location is small and like the previous reviews have mentioned parking is a bit of a challenge.You order wings by the pound which I think is awesome! I was pleased that they had such a good variety of flavors outside of just the usual Hot and Mild. They also had  Lemon Pepper, Garlic Parmesan, Spicy Teriyaki, Buffalo Cajun Ranch and Sriracha just to name a few. I went with the Lemon Pepper and Spicy Teriyaki. My favorite hands down were the Lemon Pepper. They were hot and juicy with just the right amount of flavor and kick. My main issue is the service. It's spotty at best. We spent a good amount of time waiting for our waitress or looking for her (which I hate). But the wings will bring me back. Let's just hope I can score a good parking space and booth!
5	Delicious food. Great place for weekend fun. Awesome Bloody Mary bar on the weekends. Great patio when it's warm outside. I go here a lot and highly recommend it.
3	Went on a Sunday lunch with awesome weather, as you could imagine finding parking would be a challenge.  We used the lot of GoodFood since they don't open till 5:30.We were quickly being seated at the patio, however the table was not stable, we then later moved to the table behind us, and the second table was worse than the first, it was so wobble that I constantly worried drinks would tip over and spill anytime.  We ended up moving back to the first table.It took a while for the food to come out, none of our two burger orders were made the way we desired, both came out well done when we asked otherwise.  Wings were good, plus half off special.It seems to be a decent sport bar overall, but I don't know if I would go back again, especially when I think about the unstable patio tables.  It takes away somewhat a relaxing Sunday brunch experience since you always have to focus on the drinks of the table.
4	Came here with my mother during one of my trips to Charlotte, and to say the least, was extremely pleased.  We came in for a late lunch so it wasn't very crowded.  Probably due to it being Saint Patrick's Day weekend.  We both ordered the Pimento Cheese Burger; it was phenomenal.The wait staff was super friendly and attentive.  I will definitely be returning on the future.I do wish the bathrooms were a bit bigger though... Parking is a hassle.  The parking lot is super small and you can't park across the street at the bowling alley or your car will get towed. That's why only four stars.
4	Awesome burgers and outdoor patio seating!  Great drink specials!  Try the pimento cheese burger, it rocks!!  Parking can be an issue.
5	The name says it!  This place really has a pub atmosphere but premium food.  I love coming here late night for the more booze oriented pub feel on the huge outdoor deck.   Just came in for dinner before the night crowd blew up and ordered a blackened salmon.  It was prepared perfectly.  The rice was lacking but the veggies were cooked very well.  The staff was very welcoming and Kelly behind the bar was awesome.  This just became my favorite place on Montford in Charlotte!
4	I have only come here at night so I only know how the nightlife is, no idea what the food is like. The back patio is really nice on summer nights, it does get packed so if you want to get a table I suggest coming early. They have the usual drinks and there are a few bars in the restaurant. One side and 2 outside so it is pretty easy to get drinks. They play great music and they have TVs outside so you can catch any game you want. The service has been great both times I went. I would definitely suggest this place to come when you want a simi-chill night with friends!
4	One of my favorite spots to go on Montford. The patio is great and to be honest... I've never sat inside. Service is always good here and the food is impressive for thinking this is a bar with "pub grub". Fun place to hang out and they always have a great music mix playing outside.
5	I really enjoyed the bar!  There is a ton of eye candy walking around with their mugs of beer, and is surprisingly gay-friendly.  A group of us guys went to enjoy a few drinks after dinner, and were pleasantly surprised at the chill atmosphere and wide menu of drinks!! Being a cocktail drinker and not so much of a beer person, I was skeptical at the quality of cocktail a man-bar may create.  However, when I ordered, the waitress said that my drink was REALLY good and her favorite but the bartenders hated making it because all the girls who came in ordered it. Haha.  I knew this was the drink for me after that remark!   And, it arrived in all it's Strawberry Sangria glory and was DELICIOUS!!   The boys with me enjoyed their brews and a great time was had by all. There were plenty of TVs to watch sporting events, if that was something we were interested in.  Great time, great bar, great night!
4	This is one of my favorite Sunday brunch spots.  There is lots of outdoor seating and plenty of TVs, outside and inside, to watch football.  Get there early though because it'll be busy. Great drink specials for Sunday brunch, too. They have $4 mimosas and a Bloody Mary bar so you can customize your drink with as many olives, peppers and okra as you want.
2	Seriously the slowest service you could ever have. ...  If you enjoy waiting 25 minutes for 4 beers and 45 minutes for a couple of wings on a slow afternoon; this place is perfect.  The food and specials are great BUT the attitude and personality of the waitresses brings the place down sooo much. If I could do a half star I would "/.
4	Since my last review they have cleaned house of the rude waitresses and the staff is great now. However, management quit offering a side salad and now only offer a giant size. Managers! Please bring back the smaller side salad. It is costing you business cause now we don't order any salad. Bummer!
5	Five stars for everything being homemade and high quality ingredients for bar food.  Happy hour specials include 1/2 off appetizers and large selection of beers.  The salad was one of the best I've had in Charlotte with a huge portion of steak. Good place to hang out with anyone.  I also noticed a large patio out of the corner of my eye but never made it out there myself.  I will be back for a early dinner again.
