4	That 70's Shop and Hookah Lounge is a tobacco shop with a twist.  A decent selection goods ranging from tobacco and smoking accessories, to clothing.I bought my brother a Led Zeppelin shirt here, and I told him to come back buy and pick up the AC/DC coaster set they have.The shisha here is flavorful and smooth.  They sell 3 different brand names here, with dozens of flavors available.  The price seems a little higher than some if you go by the menu, but to be honest, when I come here and smoke I actually spend *less* than I do at other places.  Don't let the menu scare you off.The owners are very friendly, helpful and talkative.  The music is good.The only down side to this place, for me, is that the chairs are a little uncomfortable.  Other people I have brought here didn't seem to notice.Sit down, enjoy a hookah with any selection off their custom flavors menu.  You will not be disappointed.
5	I like this place.  I'm not crazy about the overall ambience (it's pretty bright for a hookah lounge), and yes, the chairs are a little uncomfortable, but otherwise, it's awesome.It was the 3rd hookah place we've tried since living here, and it is by far the best.  The service is fantastic, the owner is incredibly friendly, and the shisha was GREAT.  I think it is the best hookah experience I have had, to date.  The guy told us all about our hookah and its mechanics - all I know is that it was smooth and you barely had to work to smoke it.The shop also carries hookahs for sale, clothing, novelty items, and smoking accessories.  When asked about the price of a few hookahs in the shop, the owner launched into an explanation of which hookahs were better for your money, and why.  I'm glad to give That 70s Shop more business.
5	First off: This is the BEST head shop in the valley.They have a medium variety of glass pipes(but most are of better craftsmanship and artistry than, say, Trails, or the Paraphenalia Boutique, in Glendale)...and they're better priced, too! (For example, the pink one with a green layer of sparkle in it, that I bought, was $42, when it would have been a good $50 over at Paraphenalia)...they have an insane variety of incense, with incredible, almost juicy scented sticks...irresistable for someone like me, who likes to keep her apartment smelling delectable(and legal! :)...they also have a decent stock of clothing(I'm currently wearing a skirt made in India, very flowy and intricately designed. and only $13 :), as well as posters, lava lamps, ash trays, incense burners, stash boxes, odor-eliminating sprays and other household necessities, for reasonable prices :)the hookah lounge itself is a cluster of tables and chairs with a thoroughly retro theme(shared and authenticated by the entire store), including: adorable 70s kitsch on the walls, classic and original 70s board games(and an old set of dominoes!) and books...and the owner(this *awesome* hippie/'nam vet) really KNOWS how to do hookah, and cares about the quality of the product and the experience...so, this place is awesome. I'm really glad that we live on this side of the valley now, pretty much because of this place :)
5	They fixed their chair problem.  Woohoo!  Comfy chairs!
5	This is an awesome hookah and hippy shop.I was going to go to trails one night to get some tabacco but decided to stop here. I'll never go to trails again unless it's for pie making supplies. The guy who owns the place is really friendly, and their prices are fair, if not better than trails.
5	Awesome Hookah Lounge/Shop - definitely not the typical lounge.  Quality is definitely there, lights not so much but the environment, quality & service makes up for everything.  Seriously, the way these guys handle their hookah & services, you'd think they were Middle Eastern..... but one guy is from San Diego.  Explains everything....  if you didn't know, SD has the best stuff.*Parking: Plenty outside, think its shared or same public parking lot as Dennys.*Store: Is faced outward toward the street, meaning its not hidden anywhere & you can see the front window display from the streets.  Window area is where everyone sits.  *Items: They have a really good amount of hookah, supplies & tabacco.  In addition they have a great variety of pieces and bongs, etc.. of that sort too.  DUDDEEEEE - they have PIECES that DONT BREAK/SHATTER!!!! Did' ya hear that? Doesn't break! Awesome quality & design too but of course pricier..... but never seen that in So Cal, probably because its done by local glass blower.*Atmosphere: Okay, so you got me here.  I wish the lights were dimmed down but this place is a store & its bright store lights throughout the whole area.  Not cool until you pick your patio seating & start smoking, because it all won't matter after.  I mean it'll be really cool if they could dim it down & have black lights or something... but don't know how annal AZ is about everything since they already don't allow them to serve food =/  But the place is friendly, 70s theme everything with green walls & 1 or 2 trippy posters.  Come to play some games.  Its not too crowded on a Saturday night... feels like being at home with a couple friends, hookahing & playing board games or something.  Do don't come here if you expect to party hard, its a chill place... so chill! haha  *Groups/Customers: Customers are not rowdy at all, very nice.  Not too great for huge groups, but its possible cause you'll just take up the whole environment if thats cool with the people around you guys.  Most people are coming in pairs/ twos friends or couples.  One group of 4.  P.S. Not good for kids, don't bring them there or I don't even think you can.*Service: Seriously, best service I ever had at a Hookah lounge.  The guy actually comes in a timely manner, like he has an alarm clock on everyone's hookah & moves the coals for you.  I mean there wont' be a moment you'll ever need to ask for it to be moved or anything.  They service until theres no more coals.*Price: Pretty darn cheap.  Dont know how prices are for AZ, but in So Cal like LA, Riverside or OC... its usually at least $15 per person.  For two people it only cost me $15+ total!Any BOOS? Yeah Arizona's super tight conservative laws... found out they can't serve food at hookah places because its against the law?  Don't know why? but thats totally going against the Middle Eastern culture right?  O wells, I'm definitely down to chill at this place again when I visit my AZ friend.  As for the pieces, I wish I could get it as a gift for my friend's bday but its pretty much out of my price range =/  One of a kind though.Update::: Thanks to a fellow yelper's 411, apparently they don't serve food in hookah joints because of the no smoking + food law. Said to be some crazy Californians (living in AZ now) pushed that law on AZ :( Well, all I can say is good riddance to those people, because we don't want them in California!! Sorry to AZ for that of course.
5	Best hooka bar/lounge i've ever been to! Nice clean and laided back! The guys that work there are way friendly and know there stuff. this was a very inexpensive visit $20 for me and two friends to sit and relax and smoke the smoothes tabacco, we had wounderland witch was delightful. This is something everyone should experiance once even non smokers!
4	We've been here a few times. We've never smoked though. The stuff is cool, they have a neat selection of posters, great deals on oils, and some cool vintage clothes. Their prices are good, nothing is over priced. They have some cool pieces and interesting doo-dads. Don't get me wrong, the guy who works there is incredibly nice. But I don't like the vibe he sets. Lots of negative talk about another shop, I don't know... just kinda overdoes it in the talk department.We will definitely check this place out to have some sheesh and relax. Maybe vip it up in the little loungy area they have which looks really cool.
5	After reading the reviews on here, I decided to check this place out for myself. The first impression you get is that it's very bright compared to other hookah places. That's because it's 70's themed! As far as I know, the 70s was not an era of dim lighting. So if your preference is so, then go somewhere else.The service is great from the minute you walk in through the door. The owner is super friendly, and makes you feel welcome. They don't take long in setting up the hookah and they are happy to fulfill your requests.What I don't like about most hookah places is that you have nothing to do. This is not the case here. They have card games, and magazines to read, so you're not just sitting there making akward conversation. The hookah they have is great, very yummy. They let you smell their selection beforehand so that you know what you're getting into, which is what most places won't do.They also support local businesses!So I highly recommed this place!
4	What could be finer than chilling with good friends, smoking hookah and playing Uno? I'm sure you could think of a lot of things, but that's not the point. The point is, we had the most fun on a Friday night sober.Their selection here is impressive, the customer service is fantastic, and their retail shop has some rad items. While the well-lit smoking section allows playing cards and reading books, it's almost distracting from enjoying the hookah and intimate conversation. Now, we were able to converse with other tables and get a good look at them, so maybe the adequate lighting has a greater purpose. But I guess if you want a black light illuminated room, that's where the VIP lounge comes in. Okay, so now *this* will be the hookah spot where I'll likely spend much more time and contribute to the pollution of my lungs. Go Hookah!
5	Smoked here twice shop here endlessly and have no complaints. The guy who owns the place is awesome and cracks me and my boyfriend up everytime we come to buy sheesha. Great for a kick back time with a few friends or you significant other. Strawberry Margarita mixed with mint is amazing!
3	Not too terribly bad. The selection is ok, with some good favors for the higher end shisha but lacking in the budget area. Good selection of coals as well, but their prices are steeper than any of the Tempe shops. I haven't smoked there but am so satisfied with their customer service I would definitely give it a shot.Big bonus? The owner is a Veteran and offers a Veteran discount. If price or a large selection is an option, wait to hit Tempe. If you are central, don't mind spending the extra couple bucks I'd definitely hit this joint.
5	Great hookah lounge out all the ones I been this is the best one. All you have to do is relax and smoke they come and check on coals and move them so you get the most out of your bowl. They are also open late need some flavors late at night that's the place to go. Thank you mike and  your family for the great Service.
5	You can't top 70's. I used to go there almost every night when I had time. I absolutely love the staff! Mike and Steel are real easy to talk to. The hookah is amazing and its completely worth the drive. The atmosphere is so chill and relaxing. You can sit there for hours, whether you're playing Uno or Drawing a lovely picture for them to add to their collection on the wall, its definitely my first choice when going out. :D
4	I originally gave a very bad review, but I decided to give them another shot and while they still got busy, they have since hired a guy to tend coals and he was mostly on top of it. Forgot drink orders a lot, but he's a young stoner, what can ya do?So, they've shown that they actually care about trying to do right, and that's what matters.
5	I can't believe I haven't already written a review for this place!!! Sorry Guys! So if you're reading this review, debating on if you should check this place out tonight, stop thinking and GO!  Super fun, great atmosphere, I have come to know the owner and staff as you will soon too, and they are amazing. This is a great place to go with a group of friends, there's boardgames, music, poetry slams, and great company! Don't forget to wear your coolest hat on friday for a fun treat!
1	Does not exist!
