5	My favorite place for Chicago style eats is now serving Henderson. Plus, they've expanded their menu to include pizza. All the delicious tastes of Chicago under one roof? It must be a dream! Thankfully dreams come true. Legit Beef sandwiches, combos, polish and dogs. Their thin crust is top notch. Extra crisp crust, perfect blend of seasonings and a slightly sweet sauce topped with whatever your heart desires and gooey cheese. We enjoyed a small pepperoni and onion ($14), and large sausage ($17.50) on our visit. There was hardly a crumb leftover. Dine in, carry out or delivery. Get some!
5	There are many Pizza places around the Las Vegas Valley.  This is the place for great deep dish pizza's and phenomenal Chicago dogs. They have a large seating area and a great staff.  Windy City Beefs n Pizza is my favorite place to eat.
5	There "used" to be another "Chicago Hot Dog" place in this location.  HOWEVER, this new restaurant has the best beef sandwich I've had in years!  I used to think of Portillos (Chicago) as my favorite, but this new place knocks it out of the park.  The pizza "looked" delicious but I didn't order it because the beef sandwich is so big I barely finished it.This place is really worth the moderate price for such a great meal.  I am so happy it's so close to where I live.  I heard they had another place north of the 215 for the other hungry people in the valley.  It is DELICIOUS.
4	There's no mistake when you walk in here it's Chicago territory.  If you're from the Windy City then you'll appreciate this place. They serve up authentic Chicago eats for sure.Variety of food offered here. Thick and thin crust pizzas, hot dogs, sausages, chicken wings, Italian beef are just a few items on the menu.  Check their monthly calendar for the daily specials. (ie if your name is 'Shirley' you get a free hot dog) Every Tuesday is 50 cent wings (min. purchase 6)The Chicago style hot dog  has a bunch of fixins like this sweet green relish, pickle spear, tomatoes, peppers, soft poppy seed bun, and somewhere in there is a hot dog.  Its a pretty and colorful looking hot dog.  I love that it's all beef. Has a firm texture and the natural casing gives it a nice snap.  They serve the Vienna Beef brand. ..I liked it...and I like their chili cheese dogs too.but ....oh no...here goes.. I'm still a bigger fan of Detroit's Coney dogs. That's just a matter of personal taste. Mr. B gave the thumbs up and said it's the real deal and calls me crazy. Which reminds me:Number One Rule - don't ask for ketchup ...ever ..Mr. B says it's a Chicago thing that they don't put ketchup on their hot dogs?? I don't know, but I'm always given a bad time about it.  I can survive w/o ketchup though.  The green relish toppings offered added the sweetness. They do offer the condiment though for us ketchup fans.  My friend suggested I try the Italian Beef sandwich dipped and so far that and the chicken wings are my favorites. Peppers in my beef sandwich go better than peppers with my hot dog. It's order and pay at counter. Or you call in and have your pizza delivered. Staff is friendly and orders came out pretty quick.  Place is pretty laid back and casual atmosphere.There's alot to look at on the walls from the entry way all the way down to the bathroom. There's several binders full of nostalgia as well.There were two large  TVs (maybe three?) all tuned to sports channels.The prices are reasonable and they have something for everyone so we'll definitely be back.
4	Went on a Saturday, first thing I noticed was adequate spacing and size of the restaurant. The girl at the counter was very cordial and definitely was on a mission to enhance the experience of eating there. I had the winds and the Deep Dish sausage pizza.  The pizza was very good,loved the toppings and being a crust fan,I definitely enjoyed that part. lolThe wings were EXCELLENT,I know the pizza is the star but those wings are addictive. Perfect texture,taste. I plan to be there sometimes for the .50 cent wing Tuesdays. I am instantly a fan. This place will do very well. I am confident.
4	I've never lived in Chicago, but I love love love their traditional eats. Pizza, beef sandwiches, and hot dogs - yum! Windy City serves up all those staples, plus a few extras like chicken wings and sausages. We came in on a Saturday for lunch and they had a steady stream of customers, but we had no problem finding a table. We ordered a pepperoni thin crust, an italian beef, and a side order of fries. All were good. The beef was delicious - lean and plentiful - no fat blobs here! We ordered with cheese, sweet peppers, and giardinera (sp?), which was pretty spicy for medium. I don't think a baby like me could handle the hot. The pizza was a good, solid pie, and the leftovers tasted great the next day, too. I'll have to come back to sample the deep dish. Surprisingly, the fries were very good, sprinkled with some kind of a seasoned salt and plenty crispy.They have lots of specials, like half price Fridays (I think), 50-cent wing Wednesdays, and a couple other ones I forget.Prices are definitely reasonable - our pizza, beef, fries, and 2 drinks came to about $26.For dessert, you can go next door to Nothing Bundt Cakes or on the other side of the parking lot to Freed's.The atmosphere inside is very welcoming to families - no liquor license (at least not yet), and lots of kids running around.
4	Hit Windy City on a return trip from AZ back to Mountains Edge - I was hankering for some pizza and i remember seeing a recent posted review and pics of windy city so why not give it a try ?  I'm a fan of the Chicago style thin crust pizza so i opted for a medium with sausage and pepperoni.  Also picked up a foot long chili dog ( includes a sack of fries ) The pizza  - nice crunchy crust with the graininess of the added cornmeal bottom ( which i like ) the sausage tasted great, probably a little more cheese than i prefer but not a bad thing.  The sauce - decent - strong oregano  taste.  And as usual, i dig the square cut as opposed to the standard slice cut.The chili dog - a tasty mess !  Homemade chili ( no beans ) onions, cheese and mustard - ALL GOOD.  The sack of fries - nothing special.Total cost - $26.50 ( not sure of breakdown cost between pizza and chili dog ) Price seems a little high so i've dinged them one star.  Overall, I like the place and may try again if in the area.
5	Best Pizza in Vegas!!!I had the thin crust pizza and hot wings. Wings were spot on too, but the pizza is exactly what I've been looking for in the 3 1/2 years I've been in Vegas. There were some other diners having the Chicago style deep dish and they looked very happy too. I found this place by complete chance. I was trying to make a u-turn inside the target parking lot, when this place caught my eye. So I thought I'd give it a shot. As I walked in, the place was well lit, clean, spacious, and inviting atmosphere. They got extra points for having several flat screens with the game on. I'll be back for sure
3	Yes this is a pizza joint, but I was sent to review the burger as I often do, so here you go:This particular iteration is located on Eastern just south of the 215 in your average Vegas strip mall. It's tucked in the corner behind an outdoor seating area identified with some fairly small signage. If I wasn't specifically looking for it I probably never would have seen it. The interior is filled with your standard plain pizza restaurant furniture, and fully decorated with plenty of Windy City sports team memorabilia. The menu predictably includes plenty of options involving hot dogs, pizzas, sausages, as well as burgers, wings and fingers.I went with the #6 Windy City's Burger & Fries: "a mouth watering 100% all beef patty with lettuce, onions, tomato & pickles. Special sauce served on sesame seed bun." My burger was brought to me in a red plastic basket; I've hated this choice over a plate in the past, but it turned out to be large enough to work ok this time. The bun was a bit too large for the patty that was within, but it was very flaky and fresh. The meat had almost a questionable light grey color to it, but was somewhat flavorful and cooked well. It was not quite one of those patties you'd order medium rare, but still ok. The pickles and LTO were all good; fresh and just enough of each. The special sauce was kind of salty, and I'm not sure what it was exactly. I wasn't too crazy about it, but luckily it was only present in some spots. This was a messy burger, very juicy and not dry. Overall it was decent but nothing to go out of your way for.The fries were of the very generic frozen variety, but they were cooked so well that I still enjoyed and ate them all. They were presented in a brown paper bag; I'm not sure if this is a tradition in Chicago or something? The #6 is a very reasonable $5.95. I was charged $8.86 so I assume this included another $1.75 for the fountain drink I ordered, and is apparently not included in the meal combo pricing. For a typical strip mall pizza restaurant this was a decent burger, but I think it's the same that you would get from probably any pizza restaurant in town so I can't say its worth going out of your way for. Still, if your friends or family are demanding pizza and you feel like eating something else, it's not the worst burger in the world.
5	I have been wanting to try this place ever since I saw the photos that fellow yelper Shirley B. posted of her meals here.They have a location on Lake Mead & Buffalo that is much closer to my house but, I noticed an event submitted by another yelper Jaime W., that they were opening this newer location and having a grand opening special where the whole day everyone got 50% off the whole total dine-in bill! How could I not help support a local business and take advantage of such a great discount?!?! The place was packed! I was so glad that we were even able to get a table. The wait for our food was almost an hour but we knew upon walking in that it was a mad house inside and wanted to wait it out. Staff came by to talk to us regularly. It was nice to see all the support this place was getting. Since I knew we were getting 50% off the whole bill I figured this was a good way to sample several things and see what I liked and didn't. Here it goes!The "Chicago Deep Dish Cheese Pizza" was by far the best part of the meal. The sauce is sweet and super tasty. The crust is thick and crisp on the bottom and chewy in the middle. I would always order this! The sad part is they told us that they only make pizza at this Eastern location. The Lake Mead location makes hot dogs and sandwiches. We would make the drive to this Eastern location just for the pizza!Next was the "Windy City's Chicago Style Hot Dog". This is a spot on Chicago dog people! We are talking a Vienna all beef hot dog with a steamed (makes such a difference in how the dog comes together) Vienna poppy seed bun, mustard, onion, green relish, pickle, tomato, sport peppers and celery salt. The green relish is to die for! I recommend this for sure!I wasn't impressed with the "Windy City's Chicago Style Italian Beef Sandwich". It had no flavor. If any of you have ever eaten at a "Portillo's" or "Al's Beef" in Chicago then you know what  good Italian beef is and this one here at WCBNP just doesn't cut it. I am willing to give this sandwich another try though since they were so busy maybe something was off and we did order multiple things. This sandwich was no reason not to give a 5 star review still because everything else was perfect.We tried the "Windy City's Maxwell Polish" and I personally liked it. My man thought it was too charred on the outside but I like mine burnt! This one is a Vienna Polish sausage and you can get it plain or spicy, we chose spicy. They steam the sausage then grill it and serve it on a Vienna poppy seed muffin with mustard, grilled onions and sport peppers. I wanted to try their fries so I ordered the "Full Basket Of Chili Cheese Fries". I had them add onions. This was so good, but chili had an off flavor. Chili with no beans wasn't the issue. The fries were great. The place is clean and I noticed someone always wiping things down.They serve beer and wine.You can place an order for delivery! Call to find out if you are in the delivery area! They deliver up to 5 miles from WCBNP and charge $3.00 for delivery.Check their website for monthly specials and coupons.They do not accept personal checks or American Express. They do accept cash, visa, discover, and master card.Outside is plenty of seating and in the middle of the seating is a peaceful sounding waterfall. So relaxing on a nice day I bet.Lastly, go try this place!
3	All the worlds a critic when it comes to pizza, so here is mine. We had the the thin crust, large. I don't recall the name of it but it had about 4 or 5 initials, basically a combo. Overall, we thought it was Ok, not bad by any mean, and not a standout either. But what that means also is it the pizza we will go back to? No, it is not. The crust was thin, but overcooked, which happens. But it not really have that flavor that a well rested yeast will impart. The cheese as well didn't quite seem right. Not sure why but just did not like the flavor of it. I am anxious to try their dofs sometime though, but my pizza search continues.
1	I tried this place based on the reviews. I got the Chicago deep dish. Horrible. TNot enough cheese, bad crust, horrible sauce, not enough sauce. I mean crappy, Pizza Hut would be better than this. Definitely not a good Chicago deep dish pizza. Still haven't found a good one in Vegas or henderson. Best I have had was Masa in echo park in SoCal.
4	Had a gyro, and is one of the best ones I've ever had. I'm from Chicago so I'm critical when it comes to gyros, beefs, pizza and hot dogs. Still have to try the other foods here though.
2	First let me get this out the way...yes I'm from Chi-Town and I continue to be on the hunt for a good Italian Beef. So far I haven't been too thrilled with some of the choices Vegas/Henderson has to offer. One of my fav places to go to was the Portillos (Downtown Chicago location) everything they sold was good and they actually sold burgers & Italian beef sandwiches that....get this.....you can have AMERICAN CHEESE put on it. So that being said I visited Windy City Beefs N Pizza with the expectations of getting a beef sandwich & a burger. When I placed the order the young lady said "we only have mozz & cheddar". Ok 1st of all it's on the menu 2nd HOW CAN YOU SELL BURGERS AND NOT OFFER AMER CHZ. This is a "Chicago" themed place right? Most of the places I went to in Chicago (North, South, East & West) HAD AMERICAN CHEESE AS A CHOICE. I don't understand it. Sorry I love Amer Cheese, I grew up with Kraft slices always in the fridge. Let's get back to my order sans burger. I ordered the beef anyway just to give it a try, cuz if it's worth it I can add my own cheese. Beef wasn't bad but it was missing Italian seasonings (OREGANO especially). I loved the fries though. I may go back and try some other things (Pizza Puff, dogs). But I'm not planning on it any time soon. Oh yeah when the cashier asked a gentleman (may have been Mgr) if they will ever have Amer chz?, he said no and we never had it at the other location. I pointed out to him that you advertise Amer cheese on menu, he said it was a typo. OK A TYPO THAT'S ON YOUR MENU BOARD, PAPER MENUS, AND THE WEBSITES MENU FOR BOTH LOCALES. That's one heck of a typo. Someone needs to get on their job and fix ALL those TYPOS. "Typo" give me a break. Customer service was excellent. Food was....nothin to write home about....so far..
3	Ok I said I would give them another try..I'm glad I did. I bought a gyro and I enjoyed it. I was thoroughly impressed. The only draw back was the gyro sauce. The cucumber pieces were cut too big and it was missing some key flavors but all in all it wasn't bad. There are some other things I will go back & try.
5	My love for pizza is no secret to anyone who talks to me for five seconds. Windy City Deep Dish is my current steady.Five stars. really? Eff yes. The pie is perfect in my eyes. The sauce is the best pizza sauce I've had in months. Chunky, sweet, not spicy. Just perfect. The crust is crispy, yet soft in some spots and buttery. Other Deep Dish pies I've had have been entirely too doughy for my taste. Not this one. Also it's not too deep. I could eat this shit for every meal and I have....It's even good cold. My one tiny complaint about this is when you are dining in the restaurant they give you a plastic spork to eat with. I don't know if the owners have tried doing this, but it just doesn't work. Maybe they have flimzy sporks just to laugh at us. I ended up flicking the sauce all over my shirt which sucked since I was going to a party after. Yes, instead of pregaming on vodka at home (so 2010) I pregame with some deep dish pizza.As far as the BEEF in Windy City Beefs N Pizza I can't and won't give my opinion just yet. I haven't tried it, but I am sure I will at some point. Chicago dogs are one of my favorite food groups so I will let you know whaz up when that happens. Customer service is beyond great here. When I have dined in they check on you, but not to the point of annoying. Also, I ordered pizza to go and when I got it home I realized the crust was overdone. Seeing as though I paid $17 for a 12" za I called the restaurant to let them know. I spoke to Dakota who happens to be one of the owners and he apologized and said he would make me a new pizza and have it delivered right away. When getting up to get the order number I spilled the god damn Ranch dressing all over my pants, feet, couch and carpet like a champ. When my new za arrived 40 minutes later it was piping hot and had two Ranch dressings in the box. The owner delivered it himself and apologized again and collected the overdone pizza to show to the staff. Customer Satisfuckinfaction.I don't know shit if it tastes like REAL Chicago pizza and frankly I feel bad for you folks who have to compare everything to that. What I do know is it tastes amazing to me. I've had to stop myself from going back there everyday since. Please give it a shot and share the carb guilt with me pa-lease.
5	To start off my review of the most immaculate pizza I've had in a while, I'll paraphrase the 2001 classic, one barely edged out by A Beautiful Mind to win Best Picture of that year, Legally Blonde.Pizza gives you endorphins, endorphins make you happy. Happy people just don't shoot their husbands. They just don't.I couldn't agree with this sentiment more, except I would probably seriously maim anybody who tried to stand in the way of me and this pizza. Deep dish is a while wait, but when you've got a place to sit outside, good company, and Nothing Bundt Cakes next door, what's the problem? Wait for the feast you're about to embark on.A huge selection of toppings and of combos for Chicago dogs. The deep dish is crispy but then doughy towards the middle just the way it should be. I snarfed 3 pieces before I realized that I may go into cardiac arrest before the day was done. Then I ate the leftovers (heated up in the oven like bosses do) for dinner the next day and I was in heaven all over again.The place is small but the owners are CRAZY nice and their service excellent. As Jaime mentioned, it's hard to cut with plasticware but next time I'll come prepared with a metal fork and knife. No really, I probably will.
5	The #4 Chicago dog and small beef really hits the spot. The giardeneria is a home blend that makes your taste buds awake with excitement. Being from Chicago I highly recommend this place to satisfy your craving for a taste of home. If you're not from Chicago I recommend this place to see exactly what you've been missing your whole life.
3	Beef very good but the pizza sauce was just okay to me..I prefer NY pizza!
5	I have never really been a fan of deep dish, until now. Wandering around on my lunch break, I decided to take a look at my bookmarks and pick a place I've been meaning to try in the area. I remember hearing so many good things about this place, I had to give them a try. I walked in and was pleasantly surprised by how large the dining area is. Nice and clean too. I was greeted warmly by the woman behind the counter and she gave me a minute to peruse the menu, since they have so many different options. I had my heart set on a deep dish and finding out that they serve it by the slice was a bonus. I decided on the pepperoni deep dish and sat down to wait for my order. The pizza was ooey gooey and delicious.The sauce had a great flavor, really sweet and nice. I couldn't get enough of that. The pizza wasn't soggy like other deep dishes I've had in the past. This pizza was so crazy good. The service was really great too. Very friendly and every person I talked to just seemed so sincerely friendly. I cannot wait to come back for more pizza and to try some of their other menu items. Their menu was huge and I saw so many things I wanted to try. They even sell meats by the pound as well as other items, like tamales.
1	Maybe I should have gotten what there famous for.  I got a hamburger....Yea, at a pizza place!  WHAT WAS I THINKING!I was thinking, they might have pizza by the slice!   They didn't so, I had to go for something else.  I really didn't want to spend $11.00 on a cheese pizza!  It was only for me, so all I wanted was a slice....Boo hoo hoo!  Ohhh well, maybe one day, they might cross my mind, and I will want to try a Chicago style pizza, but I'm not going to break my neck to run back over there!
5	Amazing deep dish pizza, Italian beef, and hot dogs! All fresh ingredients and great service, combined with a lovely outdoor patio.  I'm coming back with friends!
4	I have been to WCBNP twice in the last couple of weeks. The deep dish pizza for takeout was good and went back yesterday to try italian beef and hot dog combo with Jays potato chips...also good.  The customer service here is way better than Chicago hot dog joint that use to be in the same strip and I wont need to go to Heavenly Hotdog anymore with WCBNP being close to my house. Happy Days!P.S. Elis Cheesecake available as well.
4	Kept it simple and went with a standard hotdog, fries, and half an Italian beef sandwich (the #4). Hotdog, got it right: steamed poppy seed bun, Vienna dog with right amount of snap to it, all the usual Chicago dog trimmings. Fries, hot and crispy, appear to be hand-cut, and if not, using a quality frozen. The Italian beef, meh: believe they are using the frozen Vienna product most places outside of Chicago use.Overall, getting the job done. If you want an Italian beef, find a place that actually makes their own, like the beef places back in Chicago do.
4	After visiting Chi-town a couple years ago, I was suprised to see a large number of take out joints and carryout's advertising an item known as an "italian beef". Upon further investigation by way of the Food Network and Google, I found out that this is the Chicago state dish along with the Chicago style pizza. While I never had the opportunity to try this item in Chicago, I was pleasantly surprised that a Chicago style eatery had opened near my house.#13 Windy City Combo - A Chicago style Italian Beef and Sausage SandwichOrdered this because I wanted to try an italian beef, but also wanted to try it with an Italian Sausage. Also wanted it "extra wet" to give it that authentic experience. The roast beef was extremely tender and flavorful with hints of garlic and spices. The italian sausage was flavorful with a little kick to it as well. And the roll was juicy due to the sandwich being dunked in a beef broth. All in all, it was a great sandwich.I will be back to try the Chicago style Pizza, great experience here!
4	SO THIS IS WHAT YOU CHICAGOANS ARE USED TO!I bookmarked this place because of all the check ins I see from my Yelp friends! If that many people just from my friends list go here, then it must be good! So the very first chance I got im all over it!I asked the lady behind the counter what was good. She smiled and said everything. I asked what was good for a first timer. She said either the thin crust pizza or the Italian Beef or Sausage. So as my first ever order I went with the #13 Combo which was Italian Beef and Sausage on a roll which comes with fries and a drink. I also opted for the mozzarella cheese and sweet peppers. She asked if I wanted the sandwich dry, wet, or dipped. HUH? I guess I am a noob. Dry, the sandwich is just that. No sauce whatsover. Wet, they put a little bit of Au jus on the sandwich. Dipped, they literally dip the bottom half of the sandwich in Au jus. This sounded very intriguing so I picked that. When I got my sandwich, the bottom half of the bread was literally falling apart from the sogginess of the Au Jus. Like the noob I was, I still picked it up and tried to eat it like a regular sandwich. That's when I noticed the plastic fork that came with it. FAIL. Needless to say, it was really good. The Beef and Sausage put together was like Batman and Robin, Shaq and Kobe, Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston.......ok that last one was a bad example. Anyways, you know what I mean. The two meats mixed with melted mozzarella cheese and sweet peppers were fantasmic! (refer to my pic!) The fries were nothing to be excited about.As I was scarfing down my meal, I noticed from the little cardboard cutout thingies that form a triangle (there were two of them) on the table. One had a picture of a Frozen Chocolate Dipped Cheesecake on a stick! The other said that tuesdays were 50 cent wing tuesdays. Just these two pieces of info alone should be more than enough to warrant another trip or three in the future!I paid about around 10 bucks for my meal  which definitely filled me up. That was about the average price for any one of their combos. Since the theme and ambiance was based out of Chicago, of course everything you saw on the walls were nothing but things about the windy city! The overall size of the place was very spacious and the location is sort of tucked away in a nice sized plaza. I am definitely coming back to try the thin crust pizza and wings, especially on a tuesday! They have specials everyday. The day I went, the special was if your name was Dorothy or Ryan, you get a free hot dog! (with proof of your ID)So in closing, this is another one of those places that you are glad you checked out for it will be on one of your good grub places to eat list! So yeah, I am definitely a fan!
4	As someone who has a current CTA Chicago Card Plus at the time I write this I know a thing or two about some things Chicago. And I have to admit I like Windy City Beefs N Pizza. I haven't tried their pizza yet....which as a Pizzaholic means I'm seriously slacking. (And if Jaime W. recommends it, I gotta try it!) But when I only had time for a fast lunch Windy City's #4 Best of Both Worlds 3 Inch Beef Sandwich and a classic Vienna Beef hotdog with no obnoxious ketchup fit the bill just fine. And unlike stopping at a cart along the street Windy City has tables to sit at so you can take your time and enjoy your food. This is a nice little slice of Illinois right here in Vegas. Well worth your time to check out. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #14)
5	I'm sure there's some joke that begins with "This New York food-snob walks into a Chicago Hotdog place...."Well, NY & Chicago have two well-known food battles:  NY Pizza vs. Chicago Pizza & New York Hotdogs vs. Chicago Hotdogs.  You know what? Who cares which one is better, it's the most delicious food battles ever!  While I haven't found any good places for NY style hotdogs, this place makes GREAT Chicago style hotdogs.  I'm so happy this place is right down the street from me.  The second I walked in and the smell hit me, my stomach started smiling.  I was intimidated by the menu because there are so many things I want to try.  My good buddy from Chicago came with me and said it's the closest he's had to real Chicago style food he's found in Las Vegas.I ordered the Chicago Style hotdog and the Maxwell Polish Sausage(Spicy).  The lady behind the counter asked if I wanted fries, I declined, but she threw some in for me anyway.  Damn her!  I'm trying to watch my weight lol. Needless to say, everything was awesome!  The hotdog had snap, great flavor and the polish sausage was grilled with a nice amount of char on it and was just awesome.  Fries were great too.  I allow myself one day a week to eat unhealthy food and Windy City will probably be seeing me for the next two or three weeks.  I want to try the Pizza Bites, Tamales, Thin-crust Pizza and Stuffed Crust Pizza.  They have Cheli's Chili.  I'm a huge Hockey fan and that's Chris Chelios' Chili company...he was a defenseman for the Chicago Blackhawks for those not familiar.  I can't wait to try it all!
4	There is so much to write about but if you go, remember to order the fries. Wow, is all I can say. They seem to follow the McDonald's method which is to boil the potato in salted water for a few minutes then fry them to a golden brown. Trust me, that salt bath makes all the difference in smell, taste, and texture vs regular cut and fried fries. But here I am going on about the fries when this is a pizza place... There seemed to have been a large number of locals picking up lunch (always a good sign), and they do sell pizza by the slice. We ordered the Chicago Deep Dish and that baby was piled high with cheese and stewed tomatoes, the works. I have never been so full that they had to roll me out of the restaurant like Veruca Salt in Willy Wonka to have me "dejuiced." Super friendly staff that made me feel welcome, I will always visit when I am in the area.
4	My quest for amazing pizza continues and I must say I'm getting close!After reading solid reviews from LV Weekly and Seven I figured it was worth a visit.  Tucked away in a strip mall of off Eastern Ave (billed by me as the best road outside of the strip to find good eats), I feel Chicago authenticity when I walk in.  Just like the Vienna sausage company HQ in Chicago, IL, Windy City has yellow walls and plenty of Chicago maps and memorabilia.The pizza comes in two Chicago styles, a thin crust or deep dish.  This time around I ordered the thin crust which had very melty cheese (not rubbery) and a good amount of sauce and well seasoned toppings.  As an app we had winds with a medium sauce, they didn't look good at first, but they were just the right amount of crisp and the sauce was a nice kick. This isn't the normal sorta light and dry thin crust you come to expect at Sammie's or CPK and while I still enjoy those places, I must say that Windy City takes the crown.  Next-up: Deep Dish!
5	Finally found a place in Las Vegas for Chicago style hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches, just sorry I live across town.  I love the comb beef and sausage sub too.
4	I have to admit before coming here I was not a deep dish fan. But after eating here my point of view has changed. Ok I'm done writing a review because its time for a afternoon nap. (In a good way.) Thanks WCBNP.
5	Ok - let's start with the important stuff...1. The Italian Beef is dope. I suggest getting it dipped, the bread holds an amazing amount of flavor that way.2. Meat Trio Deep Dish - as good a deep dish as i have ever had outside of the actually city of chicago. I really liked it the couple times we've ordered one, only slight complaint was that the bacon was just a touch underdone, but the pie was still awesome.3. Pizza Puffs - these are not panzerottis exactly, but they are pretty damn good.I have yet to get with the vienna beef hotdogs here but i am sure they live up to all the other menu items.The staff is always in a good mood and very nice.  Calling ahead to pick up orders is a breeze and they keep your info in their system so if you just wanna repeat what you had last time they already know what that was.Highly recommend this place.  Good eats.
4	Came here with the pizza posse. I've always been a die hard Chicago style pizza lover (and hot dog too). My first stop in Chicago is Gino's, Lou's, Portillo's and Hot Doug's. Yes I will eat all in one day. I love a good, flaky crust. This pizza had a great crust, along with big meaty pieces of tomato. The kicker, they have giardineira. YES I love giardineira on my pies, but I wasn't in love with the brand they carry. My only complaint is the pizza could have been left in a tad longer, the sauce was on the lukewarm side. Since it is deep dish, plan to wait 45-60mins for it to cook. We passed the time by splitting a hot dog. They are pretty small, but perfect for an appetizer. I do realize I'm not in Chicago so I'm not gonna get all crazy and compare them to the real deal, but this can definitely suffice in between my trips. Try the frozen cheescake for dessert.
4	FINALLY made time to trek all the way across town to give Freddy's/Nielsen's/Windy a run for *my* money LOL!I've been hearing a lot about their Deep Dish here...so that's what I ordered!Chicago Deep Dish : Half Pepperoni / Half Italian Sausage :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/windy-city-beefs-n-pizza-las-vegas?select=KALsdp8z4anIuvinXKOJJg#KALsdp8z4anIuvinXKOJJgThe crust here is great, buttery, crispy outsides, slightly chewy insides, with a great hearty tomato sauce and tons and tons of cheese hiding inside!  This tasted much better than the "other" place on Durango that was highly recommended to me....so good!But it wasn't all perfect.  The toppings tasted a bit cheap...possibly frozen or store bought?  For all the love I tasted in the crust/sauce/cheese, I expected more.  The pepperoni looked like they came out of a lunchables box, and didn't have much seasoning or flavor and no crispy consistency...soft and chewy.  Sausage was ok, but I have been jaded with other pizza places in town, with home-made house sausage that has a bunch more flavor and spice...this one was hiding in the sauce and didn't make a statement.But everything else was great, even reheated for leftovers...the true test for great pizza!  I ate pizza for the next two days because the pie was too much!A bit spendy...I think I spent around $18 for this 12in deep dish.  I don't mind spending good money for great food, so it wasn't a bother...just expect it.I recommend checking it out!  I just won't be making the 45min drive again anytime soon...or just have to find the right toppings to make a legendary za!
5	It's been six months that I've been eating thin crust pizza from Windy City. It was time to delve into the Deep Dish. I've eaten the sausage ($18.75), and two specialty pizzas ($21.50): WCBNP and the meat lovers. All are great, but the meat lovers is my favorite. The deep dish here isn't overly thick which I love because I like a good crust to sauce to toppings ratio. They get it right. The crust is buttery and delicious; it crisps beautifully so it can support the weight of the toppings (weak crust is another pet peeve). Toppings are fresh and so many combinations are possible. And it reheats well in the oven or toaster oven.They have 50-cent wings on Tuesdays. I've finally tried those now, too. They are meaty, never greasy, yet super crispy. My preference is the Chicago hot, with no ranch or blue cheese. It has a nice kick and it's loaded with flavor. It's nice to actually taste hot wings.They've had awesome specials for Blackhawks games, like buy a pizza, get one free. And coming up July 4th. They'll have .99 dogs (at both locations) with a soft drink purchase. Talk about a deal!
5	Being from Chicago, it took me a long time to find good Chicago type comfort food such as authentic chicago hot dogs, maxwell polish, Italian sausage/beef/combo sandwiches, thin crust pizza and deep dish pizza.  We found out about this place at their first location up by Summerlin and was bummed out when we moved out to Henderson. You can imagine the excitement we got when this location opened up and also served PIZZA. They even have pizza puffs and tamales (All they need now are Chicago Ribs-lol)  This place definitely hits the spot for your Chi-town faves.  The place is a good size (largest of the other locations) and is decked out with Chicago memorabilia.So, if you want a taste of Chicago, they do it very well along with a few other "Chicago" inspired restaurants in town...this just happens to be in my neighborhood.
4	Keeping this review short...I have had the Italian Beef Sandwich twice, and the Foot Long Chili Dog today. The reason for no 5? Inconsistency? The first time I had the Beef Sammie, it was GREAT. Lots of delicious beef and cheese, and peppers and that jarsomething deliciousness these Chicago people put on everything, YUM! The second time? Bland. Not impressed. I also think they can be slow to get your order in if there is more than 1 order ahead of you. I would like to think it;s because everything is made fresh? ;) The chili dog was good, not the best I have had to be honest, the chili cheese dog from Sonic is 10000x better LOL..Anyway, I am new to these Chicago-style anythings, but slowly it is winning me over. :) Try it, it;s good shit. If you know Chicago food, I'd be curious to hear your opinion.
4	I have never had Chicago deep dish pizza before. I had to miss Michael K.'s UYE here a couple of weeks back. So after work one day I was craving pizza. I asked one of my coworkers who comes from Chicago to come with me. What we ended up getting for $35 was ridiculous. An order of wings with fries and a large pizza with the works was too much food for two grown men. In fact, we finished the wings and barely got through a slice before tapping out. Deep dish is no joke. The crust is not dense or doughy and held up to all the moisture that the veggies released. When they say the works, they mean it. Each slice is layered with massive amounts of ingredients. Ours basically had everything from their line. Don't worry, when you pack it up to go, it only gets better the next day.
4	Located in the Silverado Ranch Plaza at Silverado Ranch and Eastern.  Look for Office Depot and Yummy Grill. Love the sports memorabilia all over the walls, the Cubs, the White Sox, the Bears, the Bulls, the Black Hawks, pictures of the great landmarks of Chicago. There are a few binders filled with old memories from Chicago for you to look through but I think there were all just black and white printing from online. I love deep dish pizza so instant 4 star.  I've already gone to Chicago and ate the good stuff a number of times but I'm far from any expert on the stuff.  A New Yorker might say MEH cause it's not NY pizza.  A Chicagoan might say MEH cause it's not as good as back home.  Honestly I'd say we're not in Chicago or New York we're in Vegas/Henderson :) Don't be offended everyone I haven't read anyone reviews but heard how some think when it comes to pizza.  I enjoyed it enough to go once on Friday that a few days later on a Monday.  It's not a fancy pizzeria that you dress up for and pay high prices.  It is just a good pizza, really the ingredients to make a pizza are literally 1/4 of the price everyone else charges for. Their deep dish is plenty filling like how a deep dish should be.  Thick, gooey, and made to be eaten with a knife and fork or hands if I was at home.  The sauce was a little too sweet for me and I would've loved to have a more buttery crust but all in all cooked properly together with some good ingredients it made a very satisfying pizza. Lots of cheese, meat, and sauce in a deep dish crust you can never go wrong.They also made a thin crust which also wasn't that bad. They were cut into squares and about the thickness of a "regular" pizza. Not very thin and extra crispy like other thin crusts I've had.  Their pizzas are good especially when you get them on day where they're selling it at buy one get one free, check their calendar for daily specials.  If you don't really know what kind of pizza to order just order their WCBNP Pizza thin crust or deep dish it's a mixture of various ingredients or just keep it simple with cheese, meat, and sauce in a deep dish.M-F during lunch they serve deep dish by the slice for $4. The slice is almost a quarter in size of the whole thing. With these try to get here early when their fresh out the oven cause it does sit and they when they warm it up it the crust might get hard.  There have 2 hotdog for $1 and often offer free Chicago dog to anyone named whatever random name they put up on the board. There's multiple large flat screen TVs throughout the restaurant for watching sports. Cheese cake on a stick. There's lots of space inside. If you want to sit outside in the shared patio with other business at night they'll setup some light to see. Good service and reasonably priced.
5	Italian beef  (wet)  is the best IN TOWN So is their Deep dish Pizza !!!!  Don't waste your time driving around on the west side for Chicago food !!!Pizza Puffs are Awesome !!!
2	Ordered 2 # 2's 2 hot dogs with mustard,onion,green relish,pickle spear,tomatoes,peppers but told them one 1 order all I wanted on dog was mustard, relish and sauerkraut and they had nerve to charge me extra for the sauerkraut. WTF, got less, charged more.  Then they screwed up order and my well done fries were soggy when I got home due to waiting for them to fix order. BTW, dogs had no taste. Will stick to their pizza which is delicious
3	Good deep dish pizza, however I've had better -- Giordanos in Chicago and Zachary's in the Bay Area, California. I would go back since they are literally down the street from me. However they've messed up our orders on 2 separate occasions, not cool since my GF is allergic to certain things.. Sorry guys I won't be going back and will try some of the other Chi-town deep dish pizza alternatives in Vegas.
4	Moving here from the Chicago area 8 years ago, I have struggled to find a good hot dog that represents the best of Chicago style cuisine.  Well, in my opinion, Windy City's hot dogs are as good (or better) than any that Chicagoland offers.  Their fries are also very tasty and complement well any of their sandwiches.  Although I am sure that most folks might find the Italian Beef to be excellent, it is just a little spicy (too much black pepper) for my palette.  The Italian Sausage is also excellent, and the best you can find anywhere!  I gave the deep dish pizza a shot and the quality was excellent, however, the sauce was a little sweet for my taste buds...(I am a big fan of Lou Malnati's in Chicago).  My preference for pizza in Las Vegas is Rosati's thin crust version.  You can't go wrong at Windy City, and I strongly recommend you make a trip over here soon....you won't regret it!  I plan to stop in anytime I'm in the area.
5	Being from Chicago, this is our "go to" spot for Beef sandwiches & hot dogs!  Friendly staff.  Only thing "missing" is Italian Lemonade!!
4	My husband really likes this place. A lot. I like the face that they remember my name when I walk in. I love the Chicago hotdogs, not a fan of the round pizza cut into squares.  That's just weird. But the dogs and Italian beef are awesome. The service is excellent as well.
4	Thanks to Michael K hosting his first UYE, I was able to experience the friendly service and awesome wings and pizza of this SE Chicago deep dished pizzeria.The restaurant is located in a large strip mall on S.Eastern Ave and Silverado Ranch Blvd, so finding exactly where it is could be a minor challenge.  But that also meant there are plenty of parking to go around when you go.By the time I arrived after going to WCBNP straight from work, the chicken wings were already at the table and the group was waiting for the Chi-Town deep dish pizza (which of course took longer to bake).  The wings were really good (I am not even sure what flavor wings were ordered, but that was the highlight for me.The deep dish pizza that was brought to our table was big.  Really big.  Not sure if I could even finish it all if I was given two meals to attempt to eat it all solo.  The pizza is cut up into squares, so it is messy work eating the middle pieces.  Fork, spoon, spork, offset spatula would all be very helpful in eating this as cleanly as possible.  Having plenty of napkins to mop up the delicious oils on your hand afterward will help too.Price was really affordable.  With our small group it was like $5 a person for the wings and pizza.  Can't beat that!I can't see myself coming here solo to have pizza, but the wings are well worth the drive to this east side pizzeria.  Especially on Tuesdays with their $0.50 wings promo with a minimum order of 6.Who is going to organize the next event here?
5	Now THAT is how you make a hot dog!!! I had two Chicago Style dogs and they were incredible! Loved the Sport Peppers on top and they were cooked to perfection! I was nervous when I walked in and saw catsup on the table, but was quickly comforted by the nice girl working as she told me that was for the fries. Of course I squirted said catsup in a completely separate container, not even close to the dogs, as I am American! :-) You can be sure I will be there every Vegas trip I make, but encourage others to try for themselves. Well done, Windy City! You did good! -Joe (San Diego)
5	Just had Windy City beefs N pizza and all I can say it was excellent! I had the #10 which is the Italian beef. You get enough beef on the sandwich to fill up 2 sandwiches. I also had the chili cheese fries, perfect portion and great flavor all for $10! I will definitely be going back there soon!
5	Sad face, happy stomach. Windy City Beefs and Pizza is where I go to get a taste of Chicago. The atmosphere looks like the spots I grew up eating at. The food is great, the staff are from the "city" and you can tell that many of the other guest hail from Chicago as well. I had the Italian Beef dipped. WHOA!
4	Italian Beef and Chicago Dogs! Chicago style pizza. What more could you ask for?
5	Seriously, this place is doing it right.Staff is awesome & the food always delivers. Been coming here since shortly after they opened, the second time I came in the older gentleman who I believe is the owner remembered me by name! WOW. I've had several different things here.Pizza- not from Chicago but I am clearly missing out but I am fortunate to have this place for a slice of pie. Chicken Fingers- yummy. Nothing special but above average.Chicken Finger Sandwich- This was a special one day & I loved it.Their french fries are pretty darn good too.They also have a nice selection of soda pop (yes I call it soda pop, I am from the east coast) I tried the Black Cherry soda from Dr Browns. Ammmmazing. Nice to have options when it comes to beverages.The staff is usually pretty friendly & food never takes too long.
4	My first experience was awesome.  The pizza reminds me of Chicago.  Delivery was fast and pizza was hot
4	IT'S THE REAL DEALSandwiched between Cazaelas and No 1 Boba, five of my Yelp friends LJR, Michael K., Christie L., Jaime W. and Shirley B. have given this everything Chicago hot dog and pizza shop their thumbs up. Jaime W. gives the deep dish pizza sauce el al a full blown five stars.Not ready to try the deep dish, but for certain Yu-go chauffeur and I could naturally split the two jumbo Chicago Dogs and Fries.  Only thing missing was Dick Butkus or Urlacher ready to huggle with us. If you're a White Sox, Cubs, Bulls, Blackhawks, or Bears fan, you'll find something on the wall to make you smile before you start chomping down your Chicago Dog or Deep Dish Pizza.I think it's an everyday special when it comes to the two jumbo dogs and fries at $7.95. After 2:30pm to 4pm Monday thru Thursday all their pizzas are marked down 50%. Shirley B reminds us to look for your name for a free hot dog. She also mentions Tuesday chicken wing special.  Even at 1:45pm they were fairly busy with diners and deliveries.As for those two dogs, we woofed them babies down like we had just walked from the Water Tower down the Miracle Mile to the Chicago River.  Excellent reminders of what we took for granted while stationed just on the outskirts of the Windy City.Just a block south of Green Cleaners on the same side of Eastern Avenue. Take advantage of the patio seating and the running fountain while the weather is still picture perfect.
3	Came here for the Bears game since my dad is from Chicago. He enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.
4	Chichen wings are delicious and pizza is okay. People who work there are not all that friendly but maybe they are just in character, not sure. I wouldn't go back for the pizza but I would go back for the wings
5	Found this place on Yelp. Pretty neat when you walk in and see all of the Chicago memorabilia. Friendly staff. Food is delicious!!! We had the thin crust and wings. Way better then Pizza Hut.
5	Best Italian beef in Vegas!  Was going to take pictures but the food looked and smelled so good it never had a chance... the pizza puff took me back to jr high. Added some pics from my second visit. Poor beef didn't last long enough this time either.
1	If this is what Chicago deep dish pizza is about, then New York Pizza will always be number ONE.  The pizza was so bland.  Theres more flavor with a microwave pizza.  The three of us each ate a slice, and left the rest of the pizza on the table and left.  We went next door to nothing bundt cakes and we were so much happier with that.
4	Great deep dish pizza.I've only been there once so far, but the deep dish pizza was so good! For dessert we had chocolate covered cheesecake on a stick! Love this place. Can't wait to come back and try the other items on their menu.
5	After reading all the reviews took the family out to try, what a awesome place got the Italian beef with everything dipped sooooo good. Also got all meats deep dish what can I say except I found my new joint. The only negative I would say is the it ruined pizza for me from other places. Set the bar to high!!!!!!!
5	Had the Italian beef sandwich & it was awesome. This place has the best Chicago food here. I'm from there and this place reminded me of all the good food I was missing out on. I will be going here every week now, it's that good!!!
4	Pretty darn good! Once in a while I crave a deep dish slice. Deep dish here is  bit messy but pretty good. Stopped by for some takeout in the evening and got a small plain ("cheese") deep dish and an order of wings. If you come here for lunch, you can get slices, in the evening hours you can only get a pie. Tuesdays are 50 cent wings and they have pretty good deals other days as well. Be sure to pick up a deal calendar if you intent on coming back. Now to the nitty gritty, like I said the deep dish is pretty good. The dough is nice and fluffy and the edges are perfectly crusty. The pizza has chunks of sweet tomatoes and sauce on top, I prefer pizza with rather sweeter sauce so it was great for me. My bf hates to eat tomatoes and I thought he wouldn't like it but he did! He also loved the winds and came back for more the next day. The wings come in a variety of flavors but you should know that they are not tossed with the sauce. The sauce comes on the side. I though that would be a deal breaker for my bf since he is very particular about his wings but again, he loved it! His satisfaction definitely speaks to the quality of the food here.
4	I am all about being "Authentic" as I am born and raised in Chicago, and also the Founder of Chicagoans In the Desert, LLC.  "Authentic" is the only way we roll!  These beef's are it!  Just like back home.  Whether you get yours wet or dipped...you'll feel like your home.  And of course they carry all the other fun "Chicago" beef stand stuff like Jays chips, Green Rivers and Wunderbars.
4	ermagawd.I came here with my grad school pal to celebrate the fact that one of us is graduating this semester (not me).  She loves her some Windy City Beefs because she's a Chicago gal and they have the deep dish pizza here.  Plus, everything about this place screams, "I love Chicago!"  Sports banners, posters, pictures are all dedicated to the Windy City--duh.  Michael Jordan looked down on us from the wall as we dined.Did we eat anything remotely healthy?  No.  OK, I had bottled water, Windy City bottled water at that.  And then, there were fries and a shared Chicago deep dish pizza, half cheese and half mushroom.  But, you don't come here to eat healthy.  You come here to eat like Chicago people, which means you're committed from the start, diets be damned.  So, I thoroughly enjoyed the fries and two slices of that deep dish deliciousness--the crust is wonderful!  And then I got stuck with taking home the leftover pizza because my pal said she's on a diet--WTH?!  Guess I'm on a diet again, too.
4	Bought the groupon to give this joint a try.  The food was fresh and yummy.  The groupon was for 2 salads, a 14" deep dish and 2 cannolis.  The salads were non-descript except way too much onion.  The pie though...holy moly was it good! You can taste the freshness in their food!  I wish I had read the menu before because I would have had them put giardenera (spelling) on it!  A little messy, you have to use utinsels to eat but what self-respecting chicago deep dish is eaten with a fork?!?  Only had 1 slice each and we were stuffed!  I will be having again for dinner the next night :-)  The cannolli was delish!  Ate mine and told my husband he probably wouldn't like it so he should give me his.  It didn't work!  We will definitely be going back and made sure to grab a menu so I could call ahead and pick up after work!  Would recommend at the drop of the hat.  Thank goodness for groupon because I might have missed this joint.
4	For being in a small strip of a larger shopping area, we were surprised by how large Windy City was on the inside.  Lots of tables, and they are spread out so you aren't on top of your fellow diners.  Also, the place was clean, from the dining area to the bathrooms to what I could see of the kitchen.  We had a medium deep dish pizza, which takes about a half hour to cook, so be advised.  We got the meat special (sausage, pepperoni, bacon, beef) and I got some hot giardinera on the side.  This pizza is, in a word, enormous.  We brought it home with us and easily had enough for a second meal.  The crust is flaky and not heavy or doughy.  It definitely contained all of the toppings, which can be an issue with this style of pizza.  The sauce is thick and flavorful, clearly homemade.  The toppings were plentiful and of good quality.  The bacon was probably my favorite, it was thick cut and you get large chunks of it, not tiny chopped up slivers.  It didn't have much heat, so the giardinera was a welcome burst of spice.  At home, heated in the oven it was just as good if not better than it was the day before.  You may balk at the price, but you get a LOT of food, and it's great quality, AND it heats up well the next day.  You can't beat that in my book.
5	Stopped in for lunch today and tried the original Chicago dog and Italian beef with au jus on the side; delicious food and we'll definitely be back again. When we walked in, the owner was helping clean up the tables which shows that he takes pride in his business and we appreciate that. The woman who helped us had a great attitude too. Don't forget a chocolate dipped cheesecake for dessert!
4	I'll start with the bad then go on.  Mainly because there isn't too much bad.The girl working isn't very friendly.  Instead of a Chicago style pizza place she should work at a NY style pizza place.  Anyways, we move on.  I wanted to try out a Chicago style pizza place since it's been a long time.  It was A-OK in my book.  They do a nice job with the pizza.We used a groupon so we got a good deal. Came with two salads large pizza and two cannoli's.  We didn't realize how big that pizza was.  We were lucky to be able to take it back to the hotel b/c we had a refrigerator.  Otherwise way too much food for two people.  Could easily fead four or five people.  We didn't even take the cannoli's b/c we had too much food.  Also - I've never eaten them so I didn't want to waste the food in case I didn't like them.The place is simple but there is Chicago memorabilia everywhere.  If you're a packer or redwing fan you may not like it.  - j/k - place is pretty cool.
5	Italian Beef would challenge Portillo's, deep dish pizza was awesome. Momma thinks its the best she's ever had.
5	Just like home! Real Chicago food! Hotdog beef sausage yep they have it all! The eastern location has pizza tooI you need a fix of Chicago's best, Wind City Beef and Pizza has my vote! Real Chicago native run! They understand the urge
4	Just discover these guys, great deep dish pizza, true Chicago style. Only thing that could have done to get 5 stars would be to have more toppings on the pizza.
5	I LOVE AND MISS THIS PLACE SO MUCH!!!!!My husband and I lived in Las Vegas these past two years and before that we were born and raised in Chicago. When we moved to Las Vegas we found this place right away! And WOW! It's just like being at home!!! Best hot dogs and sandwiches in Las Vegas! I can't get enough of their Chicago Dogs and their chili cheese dogs! Their Ruben and their Italian beef sandwiches are amazing too!! You just can't go wrong with anything you order here!
5	Sweet Chicago pizzaWe had thick and thin, either way you can't go wrong. 8 slices for the deep dish.It had mildly sweet sauce and canned tomatoes, good portion of cheese and the crust isn't too thick!
2	As a first time customer, I wish my experience with WCBP was better.  I called in to place a take out order and having never dined here before my Husband and I had a few questions on the menu.  While on the phone I paused for a moment to hear the question my Husband asked and the woman taking my order snapped at me saying "hey I've got a line of people here, so do you want to just call back or what?"  I literally paused my sentence for a whole 5 seconds.  When I picked up my food I got no thanks for coming in, nothing, and the food I ordered was average at best.  Oh and they forgot one of my sides of french fries.  Husband says Chicagoans are just curt by nature but we aren't in Chicago and a new customer shouldn't be treated with so much disrespect.
5	Yum, yum, yum!  I am from Chicago and this is the real deal. I love all of the Chicago memorabilia around this place. They always have specials going on as well. I haven't tried the pizza yet, but it sure looks good! The gyros are good, but not great. I prefer the gyros from a nearby Greek restaurant. But, their combo with sausage and beef, yum!  You can order in three ways from what I remember. If the bread isn't falling apart all over the place, you didn't order it the right way!  I love my bread dunked in the gravy, nice and messy and super tasty!  Employees are always super friendly, we will be back for sure!
4	This place was great.  We loved the wings, deep dish, chili cheese fries and the thin crust.
5	Wow.. just wow.This place is amazing..  Their deep dish pizza is out of this world delicious. I had the 14 inc with pep and sausage. The sauce and the crust are just untouchable. This is now my favorite pizza in the entire valley. The service was also really good. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The environment of this place is also really cool. Just a very chill and relaxed place to stop in and have a great meal.The last notable mention is that the prices are also really good. The deep dish came out to around 20 and easily fed three people with an extra slice left over.. Damn good way to spend twenty bucks.
5	I'm a huge fan of this restaurant.  As a life-long Chicagoan and fairly recent transplant to Las Vegas, I can't endorse their food enough.  The service is great and everything tastes like it did back in Chicago.  Real Vienna beef and hot dogs, S. Rosen poppyseed buns, pizza puffs, Jay's potato chips, Old Style beer and Green River soda can all be found here!  I've had the pizza and the thin crust is crisp with just the right amount of sauce and cheese.  The deep dish has a sweet tomato sauce on top and the pepperoni actually has a little bit of spice to it, which is way better than the bland stuff the chains use.  The crust is a butter crust similar to Lou Malnati's or Ricobene's deep dish.The hot dogs are made authentic Chicago-style (no ketchup) and include the neon green relish, mustard, celery salt and sport peppers on a Vienna beef dog with a poppyseed bun.  Can't get any better than that.The Italian beef is by far my favorite.  On an Italian roll, of course you have to get it dipped so the bread is falling apart and the au jus runs down your arm.  If you like spicy stuff, get their homemade hot giardinera made with habanero peppers.  No need to thank me.I highly recommend this place, especially if you already "know" Chicago food.
1	I was NOT impressed.  Thank God we had a Groupon because if I would have paid full price I would have been livid. The salad was mediocre at best. The dressing looked like mayo and the pizza was all dough. I do not recommend this place at all.
5	After several visits to Windy City since my initial visit, I'm still a fan. I have yet to try anything other than their deep dish pizza but I had the privilege of watching someone attempt and complete the Sears Tower Eating Challenge, which was disgusting and amazing all at once. The man was able to eat over seven pounds of Italian beef, sausage with peppers in bread with a side of fries. Someone really chose to attempt this? It was insane to watch but definitely entertaining. Can't wait to try more of their menu soon.
5	I have finally changed my idea of the perfect pizza, I'm now hooked on deep dish! The 30 minute  wait was WELL worth it. Between me and my husband we were barely able to finish half the pizza. We also had cannolis and they are by far the best i've had, so crispy and just perfect. This has become a favorite!
5	Visiting from Cali, found this place while coming up the 215.   Had the WCBNP Specialty pizza, and its freaking delicious!  Deep dish pizza that's not super greasy.  The tomato sauce is light and tasty, and the crust makes it all work.  Well done!!
5	The deep dish Chicago pizza is awesome any day. Also try the Chicago beef wet with hot peppers. Awesome.  Same owners as the shop on West Lake Mead.  Worth the trip here for the pizza
3	Cool joint that has deep dish pizza, promising "Chicago-style". My boyfriend's family lives in the Chicago area, so I experienced the pizza there firsthand during Thanksgiving week. That being said, this pizza definitely had a good flavor. But the crust just isn't right. It only took 20 minutes which already made us skeptical because deep dish in Chicago takes 45.  I was told in Yelp Talk that it must be because of the water that they can't make it as thick and "pastry-like", which is a shame. But it was definitely stil good, so I don't wanna diss; I'm sure they tried their best being in the middle of the desert! I guess I will have to order Giordano's online or go to Chicago to get it the way I want it!
5	Great place to eat! Try #13 dipped!! It's the Italian Beef and sausage sandwich dipped and add mozzarella cheese. So gooooooood!! It comes with beef and sausage. Tried the Ruben, that was good as well. Took home a pizza, Chicago style deep dish pepperoni, very good! My son had the hot dog and he was pleased too! And the girl at the counter was really nice! She must get a lot of regulars, she new many ppl by name as they came into the door. We will definitely be coming back.
4	The pizza is great! Hotdogs, always delicious. Don't order ketchup on your hotdog ;) get your beef wet the #4 is my go to combo!
3	Not sure what the hype is about this place. Ordered the beef sandwich and found it to have little to no flavor. Sandwich was a pretty decent size, though. They also serve the Supreme tamales here which I miss dearly.
3	We came here to redeem a Groupon and noticed a 20 dollar large pizza any choice and wings special going on.  They still offer the free hot dogs for name of the day.  Today it was Vito.  Heyyy Vito!All of the food was decent - I enjoyed Rosati's more but then again Windy is a lot more affordable and if you live on this side of town I could understand the appeal.IMO there's better Chicago style options so I won't be going out of my way but it was pretty good.  Def check it out if you live on this side of town.
5	As a Chicagoan, I'm critical of my food that has a Chicago stamp on it. I came here the first time as a homesick new resident of Vegas and had the most comforting, welcoming, and home-like experience possible. Chicago memorabilia all over the walls, a place for me to mark where in Chicago I'm from, and the friendly faces of former Chicagoans dying to talk about their memories of home.The food is dead on!! I've gotten thin crust pizza and dipped beefs here and I could have cried it was all so right. Coke products to accompany the food as well as books of old hot-spots. If I could, I'd eat here all the time for a little piece of home again. Thank you guys for making my experience so great!
4	From a Chicagoan.....wow. Pretty damn good deep dish pizza.  They did forget my salad dressings for the salads. But fuck it. Didn't really want to waste good stomach real estate on salad anyway. Very very very good.  Will be going back for the Chicago dog and Italian beef sandwiches.
4	This a cute place with friendly staff and good eats!Tucked away in a little strip mall section in the larger Target strip mall, this all-Chicago themed restaurant serves up pizza (thin and deep dish), hot dogs, wings, desserts, and other items. They also have a food challenge and lots of specials and deals.You can eat in, take out, or get delivery. You order at the counter, but they will bring the food to your table.The walls are lined with Chicago memorabilia.The hot dogs are yummy, the pizza is good, and the wings are decent. It's not the best pizza I've ever had, but it's solid and I like the deep dish. The wings are small, but a good quality that is cooked well. Skip the side salad - not even slightly worth the money. The cannoli is a good ending to your meal.All in all, I'll be back a lot.
4	My introduction to Italian beef was through the new franchise of Al's Beef over on Sahara and Rainbow. I actually got a little bit of face time on the Yelp Las Vegas home page for that, so I felt the pressure to compare it to this place, which I hadn't tried until today. It helped that I found a Groupon for non-pizza items (so no, this is not at all a pizza review), and I decided to try a few different meats in buns.First up, the Italian beef (#10). It's in a similar price range to Al's. It seems to be slightly better seasoned and herbed. Unfortunately, it didn't hit the palate quite as hard as Al's did. I think the beef may be a bit better, and the giardiniera looks more authentic and feels that way with the mix of veggies and peppers, but the au jus did not match up to Al's in terms of umami, and I'm thinking the bread may not be as durable. And yes, I got it dipped here as well. Small edge to Al's for just the overall impression.Second, I had some of the Double Italian Sausage (#12). This is where Windy City Beefs fell flat for me. My comparison this time was to a well known purveyor of foods... which is a Costco food court in Virginia. Yes, they serve an Italian sausage sandwich at Costco on that coast. And yes, I actually would prefer to eat that one again. There was not enough sweetness in the onions and peppers or savoriness in the sausage here, and this one is significantly more pricey.Finally, I tried a bit of the Polish sausage (#45) with fries. I actually was snacking on the shoestring fries with the other sandwiches, and keeping in mind that taking the fries to-go destroyed the texture (so it's not really the restaurant's fault), I thought the flavor was pretty good. That's all I can really say about that. As for the Polish sausage, it was really good and had so much more flavor than the Italian sausage. Sport peppers weren't actually all that bad for my palate, although they were unexpected. Anyway, this pretty much saved the average.So, two good options out of three, and maybe future Groupons? I think I could see myself coming back. But I'm still kinda sad that I live way across town from Al's. That's my story and I'm stickin' to it.
5	Been there many times. The food is tasty,  great deep dish pizza.  The Ruben sandwiches and hot beefs and hot dogs are really great too. Nice lunch place and the service is very friendly.  Fun place to go to watch the bears.
1	I give this pizza place 0 stars for the rude and abrute customer service they have. I don't care how good their food is and I don't know if it is any good. As far as I'm concerned customer service is part of yoir experience and is a huge turn off there.
1	My roommate called Windy City tonight to place a delivery order from his cell & Tina answered, she was extremely rude and nasty saying "We don't deliver to you, your out of our 5 miles zone" Which is a complete crock because on April 8th at 8:19pm I placed an order for delivery with Nena V check number 126, Approval code for my debit card is 041923. Yes I have the receipt which everyone can on Windy City's Facebook Page. My roommate then called back and asked to speak with the manager because her attitude was so bad and the fact she lied to him about the delivery, he wanted to let someone know. Well when he called back and asked for the manager she proceeds to say "Oh Jeff, well the manager is cooking he will call you back" He is from Chicago, He Loves the food here and even got me admit Chicago does better pizza and I'm from New York. but after this experience we both will NEVER go there again. We rather drive to the other side of town and go their location on Lake Mead. Also watch out for out for this locations apparent bad business practices because I just noticed on my bank statement they charged me $38.13. I did NOT give a $10 dollar tip!!!!!!   If you notice on the receipt I was already charged $3.00 for a tip!!!!
5	Really enjoy eating here at lunch with my co-workers. We are always treated great by the folks that work here, and the food has never let us down. I have had the pizza, hot dogs, gyro, and chili fries, all are great but I always go back to the greatest sandwich at this place, the good ole number 13 combo, Italian beef and sausage combo, wet with cheese. Everything about this sandwich is great, from the flavor of the Italian beef and sausage, to the fluffiness and magic of the bread. Only complaint is the decor, way to much Bears crap on the walls, gives me a head ache, SKOL VIKINGS!!! Haha
1	So disappointed in this 'taste of Chicago'!  Being from Chicago, whenever I see a restaurant that advertises its product as authentic Chicago food, I have to try it.  Tonight I stopped by to order the Italian beef/sausage combos for takeout from Windy City Beefs 'n Pizza.  The young lady behind the counter kept insisting how Chicago authentic the food was, but when asked if she was from Chicago, she stated no.  However, on with my order, the "Chicago" beef.  First of all, the sandwich didn't consist of "thin slices" of beef as described in their menu but instead the beef in the sandwich was in very small pieces.  And something that is repetitive all over the Valley when it comes to so-called "Chicago" beef sandwiches -- if you order a beef sandwich with sausage (called a combo), the amount of beef in the sandwich is minimal, nothing like Chicago!  In Chicago when you order a combo, besides the sausage, they smother the sandwich with beef piled high.  The bread had no consistency; it was soggy and falling apart.  And, it was shocking to see what Windy City calls giardiniera.  It's nowhere near authentic Chicago giardiniera.  Chicago giardiniera does not have jalapenos and the oregano in it was way too much.  It was spicy and tasteless.  Unbelievable!  As for their pizzas, looking at what the customers were eating reminded me of Tombstone pizzas.  Just saying.  There is nothing of Chicago here.  Too many disappointments!  Won't return, for sure!
1	Awful customer service. We just went to pick up our order and when we asked for the special on the sign they would not honor it. Tacky decor. Don't waste your time or money here. Food is average at best.
5	One of the best deep Pizza's I have ever had. Great price as well.
5	This place is great!I ordered the Italian beef, deep dish pizza and the pizza puff.The italian beef is delicious. It tastes just like how it is in Chicago. Being a chicago native, I had to check this place out. The deep dish is really good. They give you a lot of food for your money. They even sell oke doke popcorn and jays chip products. This is definitely going to be my permanent place if I want some good italian beef.Overall, I give 5 stars because this place was really clean and the food was hot and fresh.
4	Oh my!  We had the thin crust and wings. Wings were crispy but not overcooked, with sauce on the side. Pizza was cut in squares and excellent!  Needed just a little salt, but that's just me.  He didn't use salt at all. Atmosphere could use a little help. Don't know if this is just how they do it in Chicago or it was just bad.  Bright and loud with too many tvs. Food was good enough to go back for tho. Good place for kids and sports fans. Loved it.
5	Best Chicago cuisine in the state! The people are awesome so that's a bonus.Being a true Chicago Chick, I had my doubts. I'm not one of "those" people who say I'm from Chicago and I grew up in Joliet..LolSo, trust me when I say, best beefs and pizza. And don't expect ketchup on your hot dog either pally....not here!
5	So i moved over to this side of town and while i was unpacking I wanted to get something to eat.  I saw this place in the shopping center and I was in a mood for a hotdog.  Man they are fantastic.  I would go back just for that.  As well as the customer service was top notch.  The cashier there was very helpful and ncie to me on my first time.  I went back recently for dinner with a friend.  We had a deep dish pizza a salad and some cannolis for dessert.  Oh man nothing short of amazing.  Everything was prepared nicely.  We brought it back to my place and everything was till hot and tasty.  I can not praise this place more.  If you are into deep dish pizza please go to this place, it is fantastic.
5	First of all, I know everyone from Chi-town and NYC won't ever admit that the food is as authentic as from their home city. Okay, well get over that! This place is legit coming from a guy who loves Portillos, Super Dawg, and Hot Dougs. Their Chicago dog tastes the same has Portillos. I used to do business in Chicago, so I went their a lot and had the usual Chicago staple. The irony is that my friends from Chicago don't eat Chicago dogs, Deepdish pizza, and Italian Beefs on a daily basis which I probably ate more Chicago food than them. I recommend this place for the Chicago dogs because I haven't tried the Italian beef like Al's in Chicago.
5	This was my first time trying out some Chicago eats, and let me tell you, it did not dissapoint. We decided to order the Chicago style deep dish pizza, I had never had deep dish pizza before, but I didn't see what the big deal was - it's a pizza with a but more dough. This was my pre- first bite opinion, and I was so very, very wrong. The pizza came, all hot and with the sauce on top- I was weirded out for sure, but then I took a bite and it changed my life forever. Not even kidding, I was still eating the thing even when I was full. Not only was this pizza the best deep dish Chicago style pizza I have ever had, but it is THE best pizza I have ever  had. It was a great foodie moment, but then the realization hit me - I live thousands and thousands of miles away from here and in a different county to boot! All I have to say is if you are in Vegas, try this pizza, it will forever change your life. If I am ever back in Vegas, this is the first and last place I want to stop in to grab me a slice of pizza pie heaven! The place sort of looks like your unsuspecting average pizza joint, but don't be fooled, amazing pizza lives here!
4	Just tried yesterday for the first time. Passed on the "non Pizza" Groupon which would have brought me in months ago. Finally caved in and took the family for a thin crust pizza. I was really happy with the ingredients and the overall tatse of the pie.  My picky 5 year old had to have the corn dog which was strange because I'm pretty sure he had never had one. It was a corn dog, nothing more, nothing less.  I'll be back to try the beefs next week.
4	Awesome place my husband and I love it. Staff is really friendly and the food is great.
5	I love using Groupon to find new hidden gems and if its not so great, at least we have the thrill of the hunt and the wallet doesn't take a big hit.Lets call This a "True Gem" and "Total Score"My Husband, myself and our 8 year old daughter thoroughly enjoyed the Chicago deep dish pizza. (Sausage, Pepperoni, garlic and mushroom) The pizza was generous, flavorful and had a beautiful sear. The crunch was amazing and so delicious was the dough. Vital for a good deep dish and  Sausage is amazing. Ingredients are total excellent quality and we finished our meal with chocolate chip cannoli. Totally amazing, fresh, no soggy crust and delicious.The Owners are kind, charming and have a lot of pride in offering an amazing product. Hubby couldn't resist trying a Chicago dog, while our Pizza baked, so we all had a taste of his and my gosh! Best dog ever.The have all kinds of specials, they offer beer- which, Hey, its a pizza place, Ill have my one of 5 beers in a year. This pizza is beer worthy. Its a celebratory meal.Cheers!
5	I've never been to Chicago, so perhaps I'm a tad baised to this favorite place of mine. It's a utterly comfortable hang-out for lots in this neighborhood, and it's always busy- full of happy, well-fed former Chicagoans and those in the know. My faves have to be the thin pizza, the Italian beef dipped sandwiches (so so good!) and the surprise of them all, the best canolli for dessert I've ever ever had. Yes, better than Freed's in the same shopping center. The cream inside the shells seems to me..to be made with powdered sugar, so it's very smooth and silky. Just amazing! Plus, everyone who works here is so friendly and provide great service. You go, and have a happy tummy!
4	I lived in Chicago for about 5 years, so when someone says "Chicago----" I instantly get my Grumpy Skeptical face on. Windy City Beefs...well, they have Pizza Puffs. They have neon green relish, sport peppers, no ketchup. Yes, exactly. I prefer some other "deep dish" pizzas to Windy City, but for dogs and beef and puffs, this place sates the Chicago longing cravings. Pros:- Good food, good prices, good folk.- Chicago Style Hot Dogs. Done right. - I like the fries. I seldom like fries. Crispy outside, fluffy within.- PIZZA PUFFS.- My husband can get his Lost Chicago Beef.Cons:- When it gets busy, there can be a wait. Which...you should really have expected, since it's not fast food. But in case you didn't....- Pizza has more edge crust and less butter than I like in my Chicago style.
5	In town for a few days& the kids wanted pizza! They said the best they've ever had, I agree! Great service and food!
5	Best wings in town, laid back atmosphere family friendly and quick service. Pizza is pretty delicious too!!
5	Love love love the food and service here!  I always get the #5 spicy sausage with everything, food is made to order and fries are always hot & fresh. I haven't tried the pizza yet and always say "next time" but I love hot dogs and just can't resist =)Great prices too!
5	My dad is a native of Chi-town so he knows his pizzas. I've lived in Illinois for a few years as well so I'm acquainted with the Windy City's style (which kind of made me a bit picky about pizzas). The place has a pretty spacious eating area decorated with Chicago sports memorabilia. They also offer free hot dogs if you have their name of the day. Too bad my middle name didn't count for today's name of the day.Their dogs are great and there's lots of combinations available if you're in the mood for a slice of pizza or Italian beef. They even offer Green River at this place too.We took a deep dish pizza with us home and  I was stuffed after one slice. Since my mom doesn't eat meat my dad and I are gonna have a hard time finishing this thing by ourselves!Only advice I might add is that they only have 1 or 2 ladies (who are nice) taking orders so be patient the food is worth it. :)
4	We found this spot on Yelp after randomly having a taste for Chicago-style food. We were staying on the Vegas strip so the drive was a little hike but I'd say it was worth it. We were greeted by a nice lady at the counter who happily took our order of all Italian beefs with hot giardinera (so much for variety). The food came out quickly and was hot & fresh. The sandwich put me more in the mind of a higher quality Al's Beef sandwich and is probably the best I will get until I'm able to make it back to Chicago. The fries were also pretty tasty but were outshined by the sandwich, of course. Another group ordered a pizza while we were there and it looked pretty good. They menu also consisted of all the Chi-town staples like dogs, Italian sausages, gyros, and pizza puffs. I'd definitely suggest this to anyone in the area looking for some good Chicago eats.
4	Good pizza, thin style and chicago style, Fun place with awesome Chicago brick decor. Friendly staff. There's a few things restaurants should never charge their customers....like ranch sauce for French fries, not good.
4	Sometimes I feel like all I'm doing with my life is waiting. Waiting for the next job, the next promotion, the next relationship, the next benchmark that will forever sever gestation from the accolade, the rehearsal from the remuneration. And I was made vividly aware of this when I placed an order with Windy City Beefs N Pizza and had to wait for the Chicago style pizza delivered fresh to my door. It wasn't a long wait or anything, but I wondered, would I always be waiting? For my driver's license, for graduation, for my first real job, my wedding, my children, my mortal demise? Is it even possible to transcend?Maybe we should embrace the now. Maybe it's time to stop longing for Summer, 2008 and seize the day in Las Vegas. Sure, the pizza is almost nothing like Chicago's Pizzaria Uno or Giordanos, but maybe that's the way life is meant to be, and the pleasures of Chicago are, like all things, ephemeral. And maybe it's time to stop waiting, stop wining that the world gave you mashed potatoes when you really wanted french fries, accept the hand you're dealt and play it like a man! And also, eat the pizza N beefs.
5	Best pizza in town!! I loved the deep dish pizza and cannolis! Also they give out free hot dogs to people with specific names on certain days :-) if you go, I hope it's the day for your name!
5	Best Chicago food , The Deep Dish pizza bomb , my favorite is the Chicago style hotdog and Maxwell polish. I will go there always..
3	Sorry, I desperately wanted to find a great Chicago pizza place in Vegas, and I was told that this was better than Lou Malnatis and Giordano's, but it's simply just not true. Still searching!
1	Their thin crust was horrible! The dough was bland, dry and so tough my kids couldn't bite through it. The sauce tastes of what I remember kids lunchables "pizza" tasted like. Staff member was not helpful at all when I told her it was my first time. Her response when I asked her for her recommendation was, "we have pizza and hotdogs."
4	Groupon had 14 inch deep dish, 2 salads, and 2 cannolis for a great price.  Never had deep dish Chicago pizza.  Was really good.  The salads were ok.  Will try the cannoli later:).  Well worth the price.  Really great service service by Tina.
5	Great local, family owned shop. Staff is great and the food is excellent! Our family of four each had a different sandwich and all were splendid! Highly recommend.
4	Not bad at all. Came here today, my husband got the Italian sausage sandwich and I got the Chicago style hot dog. Both came with fries. I liked the flavor. It did remind me of the Windy City. The staff is friendly.
3	Windy City Beef N' Pizza is a lot of fun. The food is decent. I've never been to Chi-town, but it seems to represent it well. If I'm in the mood for a hot dog or slice of deep dish pizza I know where to go.
3	I've been to their other location on Lake Mead for hot dogs and beefs but when I heard that this one had deep dish pizza I just had to check it out. I love deep dish pizza and have been unable to find any places in Vegas that compare to the ones I've had in Chicago. Long story short, the pizza here is deceiving and should in no way be called deep dish. It is simply a normal pizza with thicker, flakier crust! The good news is that the pizzas and cannolis are made fresh because it took a while for each item to be made and brought to my table. The cannolis were ok...I've definitely had much better ones elsewhere. I guess my search for authentic Chicago style deep dish pizza continues...
5	Came in while visiting Vegas off of a Groupon deal...have to say it was the best pizza and cannoli my husband and I have had in ages! I know I will be wishing this place was closer to home! Great food, great people, great place to watch football game, just a great place that we look forward to coming back to...thank you Windy City Pizza!!!
5	My girlfriend, best friend and myself literally stumbled upon this place by chance; we were walking around looking for another place and I finally got tired and said "How 'bout this?". I will admit that I am not a fan of deep-dish pizza, favoring the Neapolitan style crust we make at home. For once I didn't get my way, being out voted 2-1 in favor of the Chicago style house specialty.     I griped that the pizza was going to take 30 minutes. I whined to my girlfriend that I didn't like deep dish. I told my best friend that his favorite football team sucked and I suspected he was gay. I stewed in the smoldering resentment of my own girlfriend and best friend betraying my superior knowledge of what constitutes good pizza. Then it arrived.  Thick, perfectly cooked, thin wisps of motz cheese clinging for life as each slice was pulled away. In short, it was the fucking bomb. Even if you are not a deep dish fan (like myself) I would highly encourage you to try a pie from Windy City; just learn from my experience and don't say shit until you taste it.
4	I am no deep dish pizza connoisseur, but I know when it tastes good, and this place has some tasty deep dish pizza. We've come twice with Groupons and it is such a steal!! The salads are a miss with generic iceberg, tomatoes, and little else I remember with a choice of garlic or ranch dressing. It is more like ranch with a side of lettuce than vice versa since it is too thick to drizzle. Moving on, the pizza is the star of the show!! We ordered the deep dish with pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms, and onion and boy do they pile it on! Every bite has plenty of toppings and a very crispy crust on the bottom. I don't even know how this is possible when so many NY style pizza places can't even manage to keep their crusts crispy with minimal toppings. I think this pizza may be the 8th world wonder. The cheese used is amazing. It stretches and stretches. I bet it could reach the length of the table. Last time we were here on a Tuesday, and they had 50 cent wings. The wings here are always plain and come with various sauces to dip. They are legitimate, crispy, fried to perfection wings. After our order of 8, I really contemplated getting another batch because they were great, but had to remind myself that we still had that beast of a pizza coming. Lastly, we finished off with some cannolis. Even though it looks like they're already prepared and sitting in a fridge, the shells remain crispy. This place should be called No Sog Pizzeria, because nothing here is soggy. Eveything is crispy and perfect, just the way it should be!
5	I had no idea what a pizza puff was before I tried it here...and OH BOY have we all been missing out! Is this what people eat in Chicago? Jesus, I need to be born there in another life!I also had a chicago dog and chili fries. What can I say? This place is going to be the cause of my eventual diabetes! No worries, I need to get to that second life anyways!My friends had a pizza and that was also very tasty. I know this because I am a slob and I made them give me a piece.  I can't even imagine what I looked like, sitting there with a pile of food as though I was in some kind of competitive eating contest, but I don't even care!If you go here, get the pizza puff. I don't know what it is or what's in it but don't question it. Just do what I tell you!
5	Chicago in Vegas. BEST Chicago beef I've had, GREAT pizza and wonderful dogs.  Just GO!
5	Love this place. A true Chicago spot if there ever was one. Great food, and their place is very clean and well lit. Love theChicago dogs.
5	The pizza is authentic Chicago style and the best I've had outside of my own kitchen. The deep dish and thin crust pizzas are excellent. Solid flavor on the sauce. The dogs are great as well.
5	Relaxed atmosphere. Found this place after searching on the Internet where to watch the Blackhawks games in Vegas. Although thru the first 10 games or so we have been there about 5 games.. There hasnt been many hockey fans which is good and bad.. Not quite a loud hockey atmosphere but at the same time its chill and plenty of room to see the big screen and 4 other tvs. The owner is cool we spoke to him for awhile while his brother was in the restaraunt. Very nice gentlemen and hawks fans from Illinois! I duno the workers name but she works alot an is really nice . Also they have random free hot dog giveaways  .. They put two random names onthe board and if its yer name u get a free hot dog! One of these hawks games days  hopefully itll say " Greg and Holly"
5	Chicago themed.. So it has to be good! ;) They have a big projection screen to watch all the best games, along with a few more TVs on the wall. Decent specials for football & Blackhawks games. Pizza is good.. Wings are delicious. I wish they had cheese sauce! :( Owner & staff are all real friendly. We'll definitely be back.
5	This place is awesome My girlfriend and I have been searching for a all around pizza joint and this is it lol. the wings are fantastic there perfectly cooked and to be honest they don't even need sauce that's how u know  there good lol the deep dish is excellent has a mildly sweet tomato sauce but is very bold in flavor, the crust is my Ideal crust it's crunchy but still chewy lol it's pretty bomb!! Along side the great food was the staff there super friendly and gave us attention as soon as we walked in wouldn't change a thing
4	After visiting Chicago last summer, whenever I have the chance to get an Italian beef I jump at the opportunity.  Visiting Vegas for an AAU basketball tourney. We came across this spot and got excited. I must say this spot is pretty official. The beef and the Au jus is spot on and the peppers combo are spicy forming a perfect combination. If you are in that area you need hit that spot if you can't make it to Chicago.
5	Normally I would only eat hotdogs at a BBQ and only if there was nothing else to eat. I HATE hotdogs. But my husband was craving them and I refused to cook some up for him. So we ended up here. I'm so glad we did. I went a head and ordered a chili cheese dog and fries. I love chili. I was pleasantly surprised about how good the whole dog was! I ate it all. The fries are seasoned and tasted great too. They had the football game on when we entered. Another bonus!
4	Being from the midwest Illinos at that you miss the chi pizza's and chi dogs,this place will make you remember why you love deep dish pizza and chicago dogs! There are many places that say they are chi style and are just merly imitating but not at the qualtiy of what chi style pizza and dogs are! This place seems like someone just picked it up from chicago and planted them where thery are here in vegas! The customer service is great they are friendly and they have 3 groupon offers to pick from i have bought all three nore than once, their hot wings are amazing as well! They have a thing where each day if your name is the one that's posted you get a free hotdog, i know mine will never be posted but i am okay with that...lol! They have dine in or take out, and they even have an option where you can but all the authentic stuff to make your own chi dog at home. The prices are reasonable and the quality is great. The portions are good and you feel welcomed when you are in there.
5	The is really really good. I am able to get my Chicago food fix!
5	I must start by saying, WINDY CITY BEEFS N PIZZA HAS AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE.  While I was standing in line to place my order, I was watching the employees interact with the customers.  The employees were calling each customer by there name, which say a lot about this establishment.  The customers come here enough to build rapport with the employees.  It was our first time here and when we approached the counter the lady was very helpful, patient, and made good suggestions.  They bring your food to your table and they checked on us to see if we needed anything.  Food was really good and served in large portions.  The have a good selection on the menu.  I will be back to try so many other things that caught my eye!!!
4	They've got the Chicago style pizza down. I had two slices and couldn't walk for the rest of the day and was limping the next. That's when you know it's good. So no complaints on the food.The service was good too, but I highly recommend take out or delivery.The dining room atmosphere kind of sucks. Loud screaming TV's everywhere you look.... Mexican soccer on one wall.... something else screaming' on the others.... No thanks. Turn that crap down and let the customers create the atmosphere. That's something these new restaurants just don't get. I refuse to eat in at this place.I'd also recommend a little decor update. More junk on the walls than a Tijuana Applebee's. And what's with the Carlos Zambrano jersey? The most despised Cub in the past 30 years gets a wall spot? Bottom line: they get a pass on the goofy decor and the obnoxious noise level in the place because the food is good. When it's take out time this place works.
4	On this visit, it seems like all the staff changed.  This is not my favorite place for a beef and dog but I was here and I was hungry so in I went.  The staff here on this day were awesome, they had personality, they were friendly and really seemed to care about the customers.  They took the time kibitz a little which was a change from my last viisit.  Of course between my last visit and the attempt to order a pizza by phone which I will NEVER do again as the person I talked to was NOT friendly as it states in my previous review.For a Chicago place they should cater to customers if they desire to have customers.  Anyway, the beef was really good and super wet as I requested which made this visit good.  The prices are reasonable even though I know a place a little farther from my house with the same beefs and dogs but with cheaper prices.  It is sad I cannot order pizza here though as I love chicago pizza because they will not let you substitute anything on a pizza without charging you for the change.  Fortunately there is more then one place in town to get chicago style pizza so this place loosed my business every time when it comes to filling a pizza craving.For me when reviewing a place and having a desire to return really depends on the management and this place has never responded to anything on yelp which tells me a lot about a place.
5	Wow! The best beef I've had since we visited Chicago! My husband is from Chicago and  has found his spot for that hometown feel! Try the beef dipped with hot peppers! Can't go wrong!!!
5	Awesome taste of home. The staff is always friendly and they get to know you by name. The food is awesome. The pizza's are amazing.
4	Finally came in to check this place out.  WHY didn't I come here earlier. This place is great.  Not a Chicago sports fan but I can ignore the decor haha.  The service was very friendly.... I got the #4 best of both worlds.  It's a Chicago dog, Italian beef sandwich and fries.  The Chicago dog was pretty good, but that Italian beef... Holy Crap that was delicious.. Got it with cheese, peppers and gardinera (sp) dipped.. Not sure if it was the jus dripping or if I was just uncontrollably drooling cause that was AMAZING.  I will most definitely be back here.
5	Loved their Italian beef sandwich with sweet peppers, cheese, served wet. The employees are very nice, also liked the atmosphere to talk and enjoy lunch with friends.
5	I love going to Windy City, especially on a Bear's game! Every time I order something different and every time I enjoy it. I wasn't that hungry tonight, so I just got a corn dog, a 312 Chicago beer, and fries. It was delicious.  Also, you won't find a better atmosphere anywhere else.  I'm coming back for Bull's games.
5	Best chili cheese tamales w onions. Best Italian beef w spicy giadernia (sp.). Bomb fries and great hot dogs. You cannot go wrong eating here!Ps. grab a papaya boba slush next door to compliment your meal.
5	I grew up in South Side Chicago and since Chicago Tasty Dogs closed I thought I wouldn't find any place in Vegas close to me where I can get some quality Chi-Town eats whenever I felt homesick. I was very happy to find out that Windy City opened up in literally the same area. Once you walk inside you're met with a lot of Chicago-based memorabilia adorning the walls, so it really did make me feel at home. The staff are all really nice and are always a pleasure to see whenever I visit.Here you will not only get Chicago style dogs (made with Vienna beef, nonetheless), but also other city staples like Maxwell St. Polish sausage, Italian beef sandwiches, Davenco gyros, and even Eli's cheesecake. As expected you can get deep dish pizza, but growing up it was all about Chicago style thin crust for me and they definitely do it right here: a crispy crust and cut in squares. And one thing I like to do here is, instead of just ordering the chili cheese fries, get a basket of fries with a cup of chili on the side to use for dipping.   I find it odd how many Chicago food establishments are suddenly popping up all around Vegas. However, this place continues to be my personal favorite. And you don't have to come from the Windy City itself to enjoy this place. I've taken several people here who're unfamiliar with Chicago food and I've heard nothing but compliments. It's just a simple quaint place with a friendly atmosphere and good food, and that's all that really matters.
4	Can someone pinch me, I believe I've gone to heavan, I'm here having this Chicago Style pizza with Pepperoni, sausage, olives and mushrooms must I say more!!! Thanks Groupon, for this awesome deal. Came to Las Vegas on my way to Utah. Stopped to have lunch for my wife and I and man o man this humongous pizza of love came to our table dannnngggg!!!
5	Great local joint for those who love Chicago everything. They had a great Saturday deal with a large pizza and wings. The pizza was delicious and filling. It also came out fairly fast for a deep dish pizza. My husband also got a Chicago style hotdog just to try it and it was really good. The staff also was friendly. We will be going back to this place!
2	I used to be a fan, living nearby the Eastern location but I've tired of the nickel and diming that is mentioned in some of the other reviews.  For example, if you order delivery and want to combo your sandwich (fries and a drink) instead of charging you $2 as listed on the menu, they double charge for the drink because they "don't deliver fountain soda".  So you essentially pay $4 instead of the $2 listed on the menu.How difficult is it to get a few drink carriers and deliver drinks to your customers?  They are already charging $3 delivery charge so shouldn't that be enough?  You have to double charge to simply add a soda?  Really ridiculous, your prices are high enough (but fair) already.  A fountain drink costs what, like $0.20 for you?  And you don't want to sell it for $2, only $4?  What a terrible business decision.They lost me over all the double charging and the fast talk on the phone.  The phone staff really needs to be retrained and more polite on the phone as well.  Service was like a rude east coaster not someone from Chicago (I'm from Chicago btw) :PThere are other, better pizza alternatives literally walking distance away from Windy City.  I said thanks, hung up and ordered from them.
5	Great food and friendly staff. I will continue to come back. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
3	All I can say is that the customer service over the phone was very rude. The woman kept asking me to repeat myself louder and louder then scolded me to "not yell" at her. Then she had me repeat my credit card number at least 5 times even though she had the correct number. Also, don't call me "hon". In the end, I would not want to call here again and deal with their customer service even if the pizza is good.
3	Went here on a Thursday morning to try their hot dogs because I've been eyeing this place for awhile. I walked inside and no one greeted me.. I was the one that greeted them, and no one replied. When I eat hot dogs, I just like it plain. Literally just the bun and the hot dog inside. & that is the same case with my cousins. Then we'll have all the ingredients on the side to put in our hot dogs so we can control the ingredients that we want to put. But this is the ONLY hot dog place I know that can not give a PLAIN hot dog. They said they can't put it on the side when the ingredients are removable. Apparently she said that it has to be on it and I did not hear it so I came to her and told her I thought everything was on the side, so she gave off a rude vibe and said she already told me once that it has to be on the hot dog.Needless to say no one ate the hot dogs. My cousins only ate the fries. Customer service is okay,- and the ambiance is good. I'll probably go back to try their pizzas and give it another try.
