5	Just dirty enough to be dressy.I love Varvatos, this store had much more to offer than you can find elsewhere. Staff was friendly, selection was easy to navigate.
4	This store has a nice installation of hanging lightbulbs. I know, its been done before, but i like that kinda stuff!The guy there was super friendly, he talked to us about how items were made and why. There was a pair of weathered leather boots that actually had nails on the bottoms like back in the good ol' days.  He also informed me of Varvatos locations in LA & OC & San Fran....I was really impressed how familiar he was with everything Varvatos. Too bad they don't have a womens selection.
4	A clean layout with that "grungy but well dressed" feel that makes it easy for persons like Iggy Pop or the fellas from ZZ Top to model his wares - the stores is excellent.  Browsing the pieces, exclusively mens, I did manage to identify some items that I liked but the size selection was incredibly limited - especially compared to the amazing CBGB's convert flagship in NYC.Can't really fault Varvatos for his prices - it is what it is and the materials are great.
5	Joy is like a familiar friend helping you find your best look. She knows her stuff and defines superior customer service.
5	Great store, Joy is awesome to help you pick the right suit or whatever. She doesn't take any offense if you don't like something or are particular about a fit or style. I recently had a suit fitted there, and I had them make some pretty dramatic changes, they did them to a T, and the suit fit flawlessly. Joy was sure to give me her personal number, and text me back when I had a question. Highly recommended if you like this style of clothing.Wish they served drinks while your shopping though :)
1	I wish I could give this store no stars. Stopped in during a girls trip in December of last year to buy my boyfriend a Christmas gift. It was during the day and I was dressed in comfortable clothes (jeans, t-shirt, and Chuck's). The staff didn't say one word to me nor did they even acknowledge my presence in the store, which was obscenely overpriced for the quality. A gentlemen walked in wearing designer clothes and the staff was more than happy to greet and assist him. Apparently, I didn't look like a serious buyer so the staff didn't give me the time of day. I work very hard and can afford to shop at a store like John Varvatos but after my experience in Las Vegas I won't ever step foot into one of his judge mental stores again.
5	Simply put, there are a few places of this level that I choose to support and on the rare circumstances where I do break down and indulge instead of look I feel truly grateful that I have the opportunity to do so, a situation only enhanced by the quality of service exemplified here by a woman named Joy who spent nearly an hour of her day digging through the collection with me while talking like an old friend.  Certainly not a store for everyone but a man who has earned my respect with both his fashion and his people.
4	Sometimes all you need is a little serendipity in your life.  I traveled to Vegas to meet a very good friend and the plan was to have dinner with his brothers at Spago (see separate review) in Caesars, nestled in the Forum shops.  On the way into our 6 pm reservation, I noticed the John Varvatos shop and told my friend I would need to check it out after dinner.I'm a big fan of John's fashion, don't always have the means to buy a lot of pieces but I have a few and really enjoy what I have.  I was like a kid in a candy store.  So many cool pieces and article other than clothing.  Just a cool vibe with the best customer service.  Joy was just that.  Complete professional with a desire to engage all of her customers.I'm heading back to Vegas in May and will definitely be spending some time and money in this shop.
1	Monday afternoon no one in the store and I walked around the store and no one even said hi to me. Terrible because I really liked this jacket but no one to help me .
