5	This place is great ! I am new to crossfit and was very nervous to start . The coaches are very patient and great and explaining and helping you understand the moves. They make sure that you don't hurt yourself. You will get a great workout and a lot of encouragement to push yourself. It's a lot of work but I always look forward to going back !
5	Since I began going to Summerlin Crossfit  three months ago, I have not went to another gym. While I primarily attend crossfit, the great part about this place is that  in addition to crossfit, it has TRX classes, spin classes, personal training  and even Barre.  I have done all of the above except for Barre. Chris and Mike are both incredible coaches and they take individual time to assist you -- whether it be in reaching a particular goal, working on a particular exercise or focusing on a sore spot or stiff muscle.  In addition, they make workouts fun. There is a real sense of community here.If you have never done crossfit, what are you waiting for?  But be careful, it is addictive. Not only is it good for the body, but it is good for the spirit as well.
5	With so many CrossFit gyms in Las Vegas it is often hard to choose one to work out at--but I believe Summerlin CrossFit is truly the best in town!  My husband & I joined Summerlin CrossFit in October (2012) and couldn't be happier!  Chris & Mike are extremely knowledgable trainers and push us to our fullest extent during workouts.  They will scale the WOD for each member depending on his/her fitness level, injuries, etc. The camaraderie with Chris, Mike, and the fellow CrossFitters is amazing.  Everyone is there to motivate & help one another. I truly look forward to going every day to work out and hang out with everyone who I now consider my "CrossFit Family."  Since starting CrossFit, my running times have greatly improved.  As an avid runner for the past 10+ years, this has been amazing.  I am also feeling so much stronger than I was with my previous non-CrossFit workout regimen.  Besides giving us butt-kicking WODs each day, Chris & Mike are extremely knoweldegable in mobility & flexibility.  They make sure to lead us through extensive warm-up exercises and stretches prior to every workout.  I LOVE Summerlin CrossFit and my "CrossFit Family!!" :)
5	I had been an avid crossfitter for about a year and a half when I moved to Las Vegas in October of 2012. One of my first priorities was to find a new crossfit box I could call home. I researched and visited a couple of gyms before coming into Summerlin Crossfit and was disappointed by the other places. The staff is amazing here and welcomed me with open arms! They gave me great deals to start off and I am totally hooked now! This is not just a gym to work out in, it is a motivating environment where everyone soon becomes family. Chris and Mike are very knowledgable and can help anyone achieve their fitness goals. I have found my new crossfit home at Summerlin Crossfit and I am here to stay. I would recommend this gym to anyone that wants a challenge, wants to meet their fitness goals, and wants to make some great friends along the way : )
5	I am a triathlete that has a hard time fitting in a full weight lifting schedule.  I've starting doing Crossfit just over a month ago to help me develop more functional strength throughout my upper body, core and legs.  This was definitely a plus to my training.Working at Summerlin Crossfit is awesome.  Chris and Mike are so supportive and provide a great atmosphere that is challenging, but not threatening.  They work with everyone to guide improvement, friendly competition and most importantly camaraderie among all participants.If you are thinking of Crossfit, you are doing yourself wrong if you don't check out this gym.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Came here for the TRX classes and was very pleased! Great gym and good people! Highly recommended if you're looking for a great TRX place.
5	I had been thinking about Crossfit for a while, obsessively reading yelp reviews and trying to figure out who I was going to give my $150 for an intro course when a Groupon for Summerlin Crossfit appeared. Everyone in the gym is extremely welcoming. The coaches knew my name right away and I am never silently waiting for class to start - someone says hi always. I thought I was in ok shape until my first class. We reviewed movements, practiced form, got feedback, and tried a mini WOD. One round into it I thought I was going to vomit. I knew Crossfit was about being hardcore and pushing yourself, so I was a little worried that the coaches would try to tell me to keep going. No worries though! They were super nice, could see that I was ill, and talked to me about breathing. I didn't even finish my first WOD, but they told me to come back, so I did.I finished my intro courses and bought a monthly membership (they discount for teachers!) I love the Crossfit classes and am very excited that they've added a yoga class to the calendar.
5	I have never been a workout person.  I've always hated sweating and regular gyms are always SO boring and do absolutely nothing to boost my motivation.  I snagged a Groupon for Summerlin CrossFit last year, thinking that it's cheap & if I might as well give it a try... and have been completely hooked ever since!  Everyone here is so nice and it didn't even bother me that I was last for every WOD.  Everyone cheers you on after they're done - "Almost there, keep it up!" and the hi-fives afterward help keep you motivated & push you forward.  I've always felt pretty socially awkward but everyone here really does treat you like family from the beginning and it's so amazing!  The WODs will leave you unbelievably sore afterward but keep going back... the only way to get past the soreness is to do it again!  Completing them makes me feel so powerful and seeing the difference from week to week in my body is definitely a huge encouragement.  The results are truly amazing - I didn't drop weight because I gained muscle but I went down two dress sizes in 4 months!This is truly the best gym I've ever been to and I would (and have!) recommend it to anyone who is looking to start out or those just looking for a new box - you don't be disappointed.
5	If you are looking for a FRIENDLY, CLEAN and FUN place, this is it! I looked at all the xfit places in town and asked so many friends what they recommend. And I decided to do my own and settled on this place. I am SO HAPPY I did! They will cater to what you can handle. And sometimes what you can handle is more than you think! They push you but not by screaming at you or working you till you throw up. Instead they use friendly words of encouragement. The owner, Chris, is RIDICULOUSLY NICE! I highly recommend this place! Come join me! See you there!
5	I'm visiting this box from out of the area. I felt very welcome from the moment I walked in. The owner Chris was very helpful and nice. I definitely recommend and will be going back when I'm in the area.
