3	Popped in there the other morning looking for breakfast and an alcoholic beverage after getting off the night shift.   Pickup trucks lined the front parking lot.  The sign outside said they served breakfast, so I ducked inside to check it out, wondering if it was as seedy inside as it was on the outside.   I was not disappointed.  This bar opens at 6am, so I was thrilled to find your standard handful of blue-collar hardcore drunks sitting at the bar....nursing their beers and making small talk.  Even though I rolled up on my bicycle, wearing gym shorts/t-shirt and slinging a bike helmet and backpack for chrissakes, nobody really seemed to notice, much less give me the ole stink-eye. The linebacker sized lady bartender was friendly, she smiled to greet me and came over right away to ask me what I'll be having.   They had a full bar with three macro beers on tap.  I asked if they were still serving breakfast and she explained that they haven't had a kitchen in years.   Maybe it's about time they took down the signs outside advertising breakfast, lunch and dinner, I thought to myself.  She suggested that I try Bill Johnson's Big Apple restaurant just a few doors down for breakfast, so I thanked her for her advice and hit the bricks.I will file this dive bar away as one of the few places where you get a drink at 6am in Mesa, just for future reference.
4	This might be the biggest dive bar in Mesa and that's why I love it. Friendly patrons, friendly bartenders, and fair prices. The crowd can get a little scary at times but who doesn't love diversity once in a while? Bikers, homeless, illegals, hookers and tweakers and normal folks like me all in one place. I'm a regular. I love the place! Lady Di is the best bartender I've ever had anywhere. AND you can still smoke here!!! Don't go to the Hambone unless you can tolerate all walks of life, rowdy people and questionable bathrooms.
5	If you're looking for a casual atmosphere and good service in a bar, this is the place! Doesn't matter what time of day from 6 am until closing it's a great bar, prices are reasonable and for those of up that smoke it's a bonus. Smoking is actually allowed inside. Plenty of pool tables and good competition. Its a melting pot of all walks of life, so if your looking for a friendly place I suggest you stop in.
4	There's one word to describe this bar: seedy. It's the perfect place to have a good priced beer and people watch. There's all sorts of random people that go there... last time I was there a seedy homeless tweaker asked me for $3 so he could get a beer. The bar tender shook her head no, and I told him that I had no more money. The guy left, and we spent the last 20 minutes I was there making fun of him.The nice parts of this bar: cheap drinks, good company (when they're not drunk as a skunk or doped up on who knows what), good people watching, you can still smoke in the bar, and pool tables.
3	I've been to this bar a few times at different times of day to check out the crowds and no matter what time of day I went the crowd was the same, homeless dudes, tweakers, hookers and power drinkers. Few people close to my age group. I was hopeful for this bar seeing as how it's within walking distance of my front door but I was disappointed. The staff is nice enough though.
4	To be honest, I picked this bar because the sign looked cool, old, and I thought what a great dive bar. I stared off with Kamila from the Czech Republic and ended with Marc. By the end of the night I was in love. With Kamila I had large pitcher of Bud Amber and a vodka and water. The mixed drink came in a large glass - like a pint. The total for all was $11 and some change!With Marc I was ordering anything he made me - and he made two at a time: apple jack, German Chocolate cake, and I can't remember the others. Anyway, I had five shots on the night, and as I said he made two of each. The price was $14. The bartenders know everyone that comes in. It has pool, darts, some games, the drinks are cheap, and the bartenders are cool as hell. When  I waked In I was thinking what the hell? Maybe one drink....but at the end of the night I thought I could be a regular.The draft beer section is limited. Really just 4 on tap, a few more bottles - but come for the mixed drinks. You won't be disappointed! But eat before you get there because they don't have food (except for a $7 microwaved large pizza)
5	So what do I love about this bar? Oh let me count the ways...First, it's kind of seedy. And by kind of seedy, I mean seedy. Secondly, it's a mile from my house, and 3rd, it's excellent people watching. Oh, they also have very cheap drinks and if smoking is your thing, the entire place is still smoking because the place is screened in and technically "outside" even though it's not. It's an interesting bar to say the least. It's in downtown Mesa. Ever been to downtown Mesa? This is a great place to get an understanding of the area.There are generally more bikes parked out front than cars. I like to refer to these cyclists as "10-speed-tweekers," but that is very ALLEGEDLY! :)In any case, it's a great bar to have a drink for cheap, have a smoke, and people watch.
4	You can smoke inside that was the #1 seller for me, pool tables darts karaoke a few slot style games , decent dive bar , I will continue to go here as long as they allow smoking
4	I'm glad this place has a high average ranking, because it means that people like dive bars in Mesa. It's a dive, kinda slimey, the ladies' bathroom is not air conditioned and has no doors on the stalls so if you're droppin' a deuce you are doing it in front of anyone else in the bathroom with you, and you're sweating your ass off (no pun intended). However, you can smoke in there (which is a benefit for me), and there are multiple pool tables, other bar games, and karaoke. I love the karaoke there! The dude is friendly and has a huuuuge selection. There's also normally a diverse crowd, it's not always the same sad faces. The drinks are cheap, but to quote my husband, "you have to antagonize the bartender" to get him to actually make them and bring them to you.
5	OK I play pool a lot and have been for many years. I come from a small town with tons of action every night on pool tables. After moving to phoenix I noticed pool wasn't as competitive. Finding good games was hit or miss. Thankfully Hambone is around to save the day. I'm not saying you'll find top notch players here all the time but I believe it's your best shot for a good game. Most importantly they take a lot of pride in their equipment. They constantly re-felt the tables when needed and they don't put those stupid caps over the top of their house cues. It's really hard to find an establishment in phoenix willing to keep up with the basic maintenance needed. I believe the way a business keeps its pool tables and pool sticks is a reflection of how they feel about their customers. If they re-felt and keep nice house cues on hand, they want you to have a pleasant shooting experience and enjoy yourself. If they don't, they don't give a damn and hope you'll spend money on beer. Thanks Hambone for taking pride in your tables and caring about your customers.
4	Interesting Dive Bar.  Open to the air, but has open air conditioner. . .interesting patrons and bar/waitstaff. . .Wide selection of music in the jukebox and fairly cheap drinks.  Fairly new short tables.  6.  Not to take someone squeamish or sheltered.  Oh people watching is the greatest here.
5	This place is awesome.. Good pours, tables, good music and Mark our bartender was great... I will be returning, I have no idea what people are talking about when they say the crowd is interesting? Must have come on a day when the normal people are here??? Again AWESOME POURS AND I WILL MAKE THIS MY REGULAR STOP!!!!!!!! :)
4	I went back, and I love it. No food, but nice beers and cheap drinks. I don;t even know that they keep a tab. I had 3 Miller Lites and an Old Style in a can. When I checked out the bartender said $7.50. Yes, please. Kind of weird that when I went in there were 5 customers, and they had football on but no sound. Then the Lady Gaga music started.
4	Upon arrival, I was surprised by the smell of cigarette smoke. That faded quickly into the background just as it did a few years ago when that was the smell of every bar.  My first impression was, "Let's get out of here," but then I started having a lot if fun. I played pool and had a cheap drink. A leather-vested man put down quarters to play the winner, so we stayed longer. The bartender asked us what we wanted to watch and said  that it must be sports related, so we watched hockey.If I lived closer, I would come back more often because it was laid back, comfortable, and everyone was nice.
1	This place is A dive. Really surprised this place is still here. red neck heaven. Don't recommend this to anyone. Restrooms are filthy. They don't serve food. Just beer. Liquor.
2	Some friends and I decided to try this place because of the ratings it had on yelp. It was an ok place. The drinks are cheap and I really like that they had different games we could play such as pool, darts, and the computer games on the bar top. The place is smelly but that's expected since you can smoke inside. It felt like the tables haven't been wiped down for days and the pool sticks felt gross as well. We only stayed for about 30 minutes because some weird guy kept waving at my friend making her uncomfortable and another guy came up to me to tell me  he was "holding" which didn't sound like a safe environment to be in. We probably won't be returning.
5	Cool 6am bar. I love how they have figured out how to circumvent the no smoking indoors law. I wish more dive bars would modify their bar to make it all smoking. Excuse me while I stogie!
5	This place is a weirdo magnet, which is what attracted a guy like me to it. Everyone in here has a story to tell and I find it quite entertaining. The bartenders are pretty cool. Just normal, friendly people.
