2	damn this place is dead... but cute i suppose!.. part of it at least.  if i didn't go by myself, i'd have much more fun grabbing a beer at every place that had beer!  well, what is it like 3 places?  anyway, why does anyone come here unless they're me who is stranded downtown for the week on business?
1	the arizona center is to phoenix as the galleria is to scottsdale.  can you say white elephant?
4	Being a tourist (who usually hates touristy crap), I was actually really glad to accidently stumble across this place. I was able to eat (on Easter when it seemed the whole city was closed) and swing back by to find wonderful artisan-made gifts for my mom's 60th birthday and  my dog-sitting friend (and a tiny pair of coral studs for myself). The landscaping was pretty, too, though the classical music blaring from speakers was odd. Maybe that (and the security guy on a motorized cart) was keeping the homeless and hookers away. I didn't see any--I hear that they hate classical.
2	This place is just hanging on.   I remember back in the day when they the piano bar, 80's club, sports bars, and a ton of other places to check out.There a a few restaurants still open, but barely.  Never seen any of them even close to half full.I pretty much just go to the theaters here nowadays.  At least there are no crowds to deal with.
2	The lady at the Phoenix Visitors Center highly suggested we check this place out. They have a few of the basic stores you are likely to find in any mall, indoor our outside, within the US. They have a bunch of places that sell apparently artist-made gifts and clothing, but it is for the most part pretty kitschy (not in a good way though). They have a few restaurants including a Hooters. Overall, it seems it is nothing to write home about and certainly isn't a tourist destination.
2	Jeez, I didn't know this place was still alive until I moved back.I think it's safe to say that this shopping center was a failed experiment in bringing people back to downtown. Sure, alot of people are slowly trickling back to the center of the city, but not as a result of this. The lifeblood of this place tends to be the suit types that swing in for happy hour at Hooters or other bars that think that interior design is bolting an rusty Route 66 sign to the wall.If this place didn't have a movie theater, I'd brand this place with one star.
2	Growing up in Arizona I remember the days when this place had a lot going for it. Recently, I ventured back on a visit back home and was less then impressed. It would seem that whoever is managing this place now cares more about what the place looks like then whether or not there is actually anything worthy of shopping or eating at. The slide has been so bad here that I fear it will become a ghost town if the economy gets any worse. Before long it won't be worth the rent for the few retailers that are left occupying it. Shame...
3	This is a nice spot to go if you're in downtown, but I can't call it a destination. It offers several restaurant options, which I haven't tried (but some are on my to-do list) and some shopping. The majority of the shops are tourist-oriented, which makes sense considering the Sheraton, Hyatt and Convention Center are within a couple blocks. The theater is clean, and it's nice that it's less crowded than those in the suburban strip malls. It has nice landscaping and it's great to have green space downtown, considering Phoenix could use some open public space (plazas, parks, etc.) in this area. However, the park is a bit secluded within the Arizona Center, which makes it a bit less inviting, but there are waterfalls and shade that keep the outdoor temperatures cooler in that area. That being said, there isn't too much for local appeal and overall it's good as a stop if you're spending a lot of time downtown. If you want to save on parking and don't mind the walking distance, there is a free lot on Central/McKinley northwest of the Arizona Center (and just northeast of the Westward Ho Building) ...that is, for now. It isn't a tremendous walking distance, however.
3	Arizona Center is a great IDEA, but a not so great reality. The tourist-y stores here selling "authentic" Arizona / Southwest merchandise are a joke. New York & Company is one of the few stores on the otherwise vacant second floor. (Which totally doesn't fit with the rest of the mall)The design of the place is nice, and decent restaurants dot the complex. What really bumps this place form 2 to 3 stars are the beautiful gardens and fountains surrounding it. Oh, and AMC!But Arizona Center will not prosper until Downtown Phoenix has a strong pedestrian crowd and a heavy use of the Light Rail. The location is fabulous, but it just doesn't work.
2	Needed a quick bite across the street after I landed at the Sheraton. In short, some interesting stores and restaurants all just thrown together. I think it could be so much more. A Subway, Pizzeria Uno, Hooters, and AMC then a NY & Co. My fiancee would like the latter, but I'm thinking "well what the..."For quick food come here; and don't get me wrong, next time I might try the Uno, as I love the one in Chi-town. But I get this feeling it's not really a mall or a center and just a few places crammed together to make the tourists feel at home, but I didn't feel at home. This place was sooo empty!!!
2	I've been working in the Arizona Center for about 4.5 years now, and I've finally decided to review it.I like the design of this place well enough, as there's plenty of shade, its well landscaped, and theres some form of security to keep the hobos and crackheads out 90% of the time.  The restaurants here are mediocre and somewhat boring.  In regards to lunch, you have Subway, which I am sick of, dirty water pizza at Cafe Roma, hooters (greasy tasting), Starbucks (great service), Unos, (dark interior, mediocre pizza), 1130, Sams Cafe, Big Fat Greek Restaurant, Coldstone, NY & Co, AMC theatre, and a barrage of touristy places as well.Upstairs is an engineering firm and FSN Arizona as well.  I think at one point back in the day, there used to be food places and a bar or 2 up there, but now its different.  The gardens here are pretty, relaxing and enjoyable.I think based off food and shopping alone, this place sux, overall.  For anything reasonable and quick to eat, your stuck with Subway and Cafe Roma.  Everything else is sit down with waiter service.  I don't have any one recomendation to make this place better, except maybe different/better choices in resturants and eating choices.
4	I was visiting AZ & was on my way back to Cali. I had not had bfast & it was closer to brunch than lunch so I stopped here. There are many stores, one which was truly unfriendly the Flag Store. The other places were nice. There was one called Oak Tree which had some nice things. Not too pricey, but not ghetto either. I ate at a Greek restaurant which had wonderful food. It was beyond good. The waiter was kindness & the atmosphere was just calm. If you want to get more than one thing done. I say try here. I was pleased.
1	Sad...sad...sad....what happened, this place was once cool, I give it a few more months and it will be offices or ghostown, I think one the reasons people do not go there, paying for parking is just not cool anymore..it cost me $12 bucks..and when talked to the attendant just for an explanation...he acted like he just did not give a shit!! That will be my last time there, and as far as recommendations to friends and family...forget it!! Too quote a famous movie "Iceberg ahead!!"
1	There are so many reasons this place is a failure, even though I am so so thankful for the existence (though not the idiotic design and planning) of the AMC 24 here.  Full of 2nd-rate restaurants and trinket shops, it just doesn't have much draw.  (Sam's Cafe is really the only restaurant here that I go to much.)Rather than putting the theater (blank walls) in the center with the shops and restaurants around it to create a vibrant urban space, they killed the street-facing ability of much of this block by turning it outside-in and into a little suburban "enter me and leave the city" area.   You combine that with the concept of 2nd floor retail (again a suburban mall concept), and this place is a complete failure.  Notice nothing exists on the 2nd floor.  Even if it had 3x the foot-traffic nothing could survive up there, because no one would ever see anything on a 2nd floor in-passing on their way to something else and thereby never "discover" it.  Whoever conceived and built this "Center" should be tarred, feathered, and forced to live in Anthem.Actually, judging by the design, they probably do live in Anthem.
2	I like that it's right downtown by my house.I dislike that it's mostly vacant.
2	This isn't a fabulous downtown development BY ANY MEANS, but I did enjoy walking to the movie theater when I lived down the street at Camden Copper Square. AMC's theater is normally uncrowded, has friendly staff, big screens and comfortable stadium seating.I will also, be honest, I think the "garden" aspect of the development facing Van Buren ST is pretty lovely - especially at night. It is a lush oasis that feels cool, moist and calming amidst the urban heat island h.e.double hockey sticks of surrounding blocks.This isn't the best that the downtown Phoenix offers, but it's also not the worst.
2	After finding out there was a shopping center less that a block from my hotel I was ecstatic! BUT after going there at 11.15am when they opened at 11am I was soooo disappointed to find that there is only one real store here. The rest are typical chain restaurants. LAME! The outer decor is nice though.
3	Yes there are merchant and business centers with better designs out there.  But this place is here and will be here for a while.  I have enjoyed the conveninece of having the AMC across the street and most of the restaurants within the center offer pretty nice happy hour deals or incentives if you have you movie ticket.  I do feel the AZ Center is under appreciated and under utilized.  The restaurants may not be stellar but most of them are good.   My favorite part is the more lush park area with the water and the falls adjacent to Sam's Cafe and My Big Fat Greek.  I have seen weddings and parties hosted in this area.   There have been nights where I am restless and can't sleep and I walk over here and sit and listen to the water and zone out while staring at the lights wrapped around the trees through the interior of the park area.    It also makes patio dining at either of these two restaurants quite enjoyable (along with the heaters they provide in the winter and the misters in the summer).
2	This place would just be OK if they didn't insult you by charging you to park just to try to give them some business.  It's pretty dead, with lots of empty shops.  You'd think they'd want to encourage more visitors.  There are a couple of decent restaurants in the place, but nothing fantastic.  Otherwise it's mostly overpriced trinket shops.
5	I love the az center. My wife and I have been coming here for years. When we have an evening from the kids, this where we will catch a movie at the amc. There is a romantic give after the sun sets.
3	The Arizona Center could seriously use an upgrade. I think it would thrive better if there were more clothing shops in here. A couple of the restaurants are decent, including Sam's Cafe and Big Fat, and I like their addition of Corner Bakery. They also have some hidden treasures like Cafe Roma. Besides that, it's kind of a dump. The bathrooms are absolultey disgusting.The place definitely has potential. It has a pretty little garden area that was a nice touch. It is in a decent location, really close to ASU and a bunch of businesses. It just needs some more work.
3	I miss the old Arizona Center. It was once a great place to shop, party and do everything you could do. That was 18 years ago....Today, not so much. The parking is kinda silly, the shops are gone with only a couple of them there. The theater is about the only good thing here in the center. Back in the day they had some really nice shops .They also had a great bar upstairs that had dueling pianos, sports dance bar and a hip hop bar all in one. I don't think it's there anymore.Now, there are just a bunch of junky restaurants...Brick being the most over priced pizza in the whole area. Hooters, well, it's Hooters.Ah well, at least the garden is beautiful and a great place to chill.I just wish they wouldn't call this place "Arizona Center". This joint is not a good representation of Arizona, at all.
4	I actually really like Arizona Center! We went down to the new Sushi Kokoro last night and had a great meal, saw a movie at AMC, and then had had an after movie coffee at Starbucks while looking over the beautiful garden area -- very nice!  It may not be the same place it was 18 years ago, but come on, I don't think the night club, sports bar, dueling piano crowd is really what they are looking to attract. It seems like a great place to hang out or take your family. I can see where is there is room for some updates - but overall I like Arizona Center.And another nice surprise - parking is actually now free for 2 hours! Yay!
4	I definitely miss the mall so much back home. Stuck in Flagstaff for a few months for a city girl like me is tough. It just makes me home sick. The center remind me so much of the malls back home. I mean, it's a really nice place. The view, the stores, the food, it's so nice. The lighting at night was beautiful. It's small but hanging out there for a day with my friends was fun. It's quiet and nice.
3	While there are some decent restaurants here, and the Arizona Center itself is very nice to walk around, there aren't enough stores here to entice people to stay here for more than the time it takes to eat a meal here, or watch a movie at the AMC.
1	This place would do a lot better if it didn't charge people parking to shop here. It's $12 if you don't validated your ticket, and even if you do they still charge you if your stay for 4 hours from when you first got there. Which doesn't make sense if your going to eat(2 hr), then see a movie (2hrs). Plus these parking rules are not stated up front. And if you want to speak to the parking manger( the night one is named Keith) he doesn't care and would give you any courtesy. He's rude and has very poor customer service skills. He bellittles you and tells you he has better thinks to do. As long as they have service like this, this place will always be a dump.
3	I like Arizona Center, but the parking situation leaves much to be desired. I found it confusing, over priced, and inconvenient when I wanted to see a movie. It was raining, I didn't know where to go, or to take my parking ticket to get validated. It ended up okay because my ticket was unreadable so I did not have to end up paying to park after all, but I would have been pretty irritated for $1 every 20 min after a 2+ hr long movie!I also think they could advertise more or something. It's always seemed like a secret. I was taken here by a friend some 7 years ago, but I didn't know my way around down town yet, and I never heard of it again to be reminded of where it was until recently.It has potential, but definitely underutilized. I agree that while its nice to walk around, there isn't enough substance to keep patrons there for a long time.I was also excited about seeing Corner Bakery there, but again, that's not too long of a visit.
5	I love coming here I think it's one of the hidden gems of the city. There are great restaurants. But mostly I love the scenery . They have done a wonderful job of creating a tranquil environment. I consider this a great place to change it up and visit you can be alone and read , snap I grew photos  for fun, and even a good place to prolong a date. As you walk into this amazing courtyard there  is a fountain, a lot of lit trees, flowers, benches, and soft modern contemporary music playing in the background. Bring a date here and all the work of ambiance is done for you.
1	Me and the Mrs were looking for a place to kill some time while waiting to catch a plane home from Az. So we figured we would look on Yelp for a mall to stroll through. We came across the Arizona Center an saw it was near the airport so we figured we would give it a shot. What a let down! This place is far from what I consider a mall or even a strip mall. A few whack ass stores and some meager restaurants. To top it off we had to pay to park there. Lame! Won't be wasting our time here again.
3	Seems to always be cycling out old places and in the new.  Hard to keep up, but at least there are always options..
2	A year or two ago, Arizona Center was a destination for shoppers in need of Kokopeli socks or shot glasses blazoned with cacti. No more, no more! The kitschy tourist shops are gone, except for the flag store and the sports logo store. Most of the retail store fronts are simply empty.Restaurants are still around and range from pizza-by-the-slice through mediocre Mexican to kitschy family dining to high-end sit-down dining. If you're a conventioneer at a downtown hotel and want a walk and some palm-tree-infused atmosphere, you've got lots of dinner choices.The major reason to come here, at this point, is that you live/work in or near downtown and want either (a) to see a movie or (b) to sit by a fountain and eat. Both of those functions are quite adequate and mean you took light rail or walked. DO NOT use the parking ramp. The few times I've tried it, I've ended up in a line of exiting cars with unreadable tickets. The parking system doesn't work, and it dumps you into some odd bit of "turn this way only" lanes at the edge of downtown.If it's tourist kitsch you need for pals back home, you're now stuck trekking to Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Hard to park, prepare for all sorts of crowds from homeless to teen grunge skaters. Variety of mostly restaurants available. The second floor is only office space. There is an adorable garden area with some beautiful waterfalls and statues.
3	There is so much that could be done here, it's a shame that it's not as utilized as it could be. The garden area is absolutely breathtaking, and perfect for wedding, but when I attempted to reach out to their "contact", I didn't hear back. It's been weeks. Well, better luck with another vendor downtown, I suppose...
4	I work at the AZ Center building so I may be a little bias in my review but I'm a big fan of the area.  Its pleasant to be able to work in a location with so much surrounding it.  Not to mention the benches, trees and various fountains really makes it a nice little oasis in the heart of downtown Phoenix.
3	The landscaping and maintenance are well done.  I walk down here at lunch to detox and revitalize myself for the afternoon.  I don't see a whole lot of stores that would draw me in on a regular basis though.  I am hopeful this place will see a Renaissance and draw in more interesting shops ala The Union at the Biltmore.
3	Dear Arizona Center,How have you been? You're not looking so well. Last time a came to visit we just shot some family pictures and went on our merry way. Would have been nice to hang out and catch up with the family there on the grounds but there is about 5 things to do and not a one sounded appealing.I rarely go to AMC theater so that might worth doing at some point. Plus my dear friends just moved in very very closely to this structure. Perhaps I just remember you back in your hayday and that is why I am wary. It still is a beautiful grounds and the fountains are still enchanting. Suppose I'll see you again soon old friend. Till then take care. With love, Reese
3	Nothing special about the place really. I feel like it was built for the lunch hour crowd. Always loved Sam's Cafe but not sure since it changed names if it's any good.
5	Such great restaurants and parks...
3	So much wasted potential...  Though I am not a local I am sure that Arizona Center has seen better days. I stopped by with my cousins last week to check out the Canyon Cafe. What was once a promising outdoor shopping center in the heart of downtown phoenix is now virtually out of business. Most of the stores have been shuttered and the ones that are open (Flag Store) are small mom n pops which I doubt get much business. The Starbucks off in the corner is probably the only recognizable tenant in the whole place. A couple restaurants across the from the waterfall and the AMC are probably the only reasons anyone even bothers to stop by anymore. Props though for the maintenance and landscaping. Despite being pretty much abandoned, they have done a great job maintaining the facilities and keeping the grounds beautiful.Heres hoping that Arizona Center returns to its former glory.
1	This is just sad. Half the stores are closed, and the other half are under rennovations. I walked away, as I was at the convention center, willing to spend a few shekles... and left annoyed at the state this center is in.
4	Time in Phoenix was limited and did not want to spend on shopping, so I chose Arizona Center. For three hours, all acquired in need, from shoes and gifts to suitcases and bedding.
4	Sopping at the shops at la cantera, golf nearby and six flags too there is so much to do in this area. Also drive to the local rim shops great sacks and Nordstrom outlet where bargains can be found.
