4	GREAT location across from the Heinz History Center (which you should visit) and within walking distance of many restaurants, cafes, shops, wholesalers, and more in the Strip. The indoor pool is warm; the hot tub is even warmer.My sister and I shared a room for my cousin's wedding.  Upon opening the dresser drawer in the midst of unpacking, I discovered a dirty ol' pizza box and a washcloth covered in tomato sauce.For our trouble, we were given a McDonald's gift certificate.  I was banking on a little more, but hey.
4	Stayed here overnight with my wife and kids while on a road trip to northern Ohio; nice place to stay while in Pittsburgh, clean, with a very helpful and friendly staff (they let us check out later so the kids could spend more time in the pool before we got back on the road), and within walking distance of lots of restaurants.We were not into the free breakfast though, way too much styrofoam for my tastes and high fructose corn syrup for kids about to get in a car, so we walked to Deluca's Restaurant for a much better breakfast.The only cons were that the suites are just one big room, so I went to sleep the same time as the my kids sleeping on the fold out bed (not a bad thing given the long car ride). Also, strange as it may seem, I found the bathroom lacking hooks for towels racks!I would certainly stay there again and recommend it.
4	I would prefer to give the Hampton Inn a 3 and a 1/2 star rating but can't. The goods of this hotel is the location, within walking distance to all 3 sports venues, downtown Pittsburgh and the strip district. We parked the car and it stayed there for the majority of the 3 days we were there. There is plenty to do around the hotel with the Heinz museum across the street. Breakfast was alright, the coffee was good, the waffles were tasty. Free wifi, newspapers, pool and computers. I would stay there again for sure.The bads about the hotel, it was kind of messy, hand prints on the windows, a pile of dirty towels in front of the ice machine and loud doors. Most hotels now have hinges that prevent the slamming room doors, not here and our inconsiderate neighbors were letting it slam all night, boo! Check in time is at 3 but our room wasn't ready till close to 4, but they made it up to us with a night discount.Even with all of the above I'd stay here again for sure, great price, hotel staff was very friendly and helpful.
3	Heh. The suite is awkward. It's a one big open room. A studio apartment, some might say. Staff is *okay*. They get a little annoyed with questions but were smart enough to have pre printed copies of directions to local attractions and convenient stores. Thanks for that. The location of the hotel is prime. Practically in the Strip district, across the street from the sports history museum and you have a great view of the city. My overall sentiment about breakfast was "ew". I might go so far as to call it triflin'. Where's the meat? The only cool thing about breakfast was the make-your-own-waffle stand.
4	One of the better hotel deals in downtown Pittsburgh.  Stay any farther to the west, and you'll definitely be paying more.Nice location: -The Heinz History Center and Western PA Sports Museum are literally right across the street.  -The Strip District is one block down.  -PNC park is less than a 20 minute walk.-Market Square and Point State Park are about a 25 minute walk.  -There is a "T" station you can walk to in about 15 minutes that will take you over to Station Square.  -Megabus stop is less than 5 minutes away.We went car-less during our weekend there and only found the need to call a cab once.The rooms were clean and the breakfast buffet was okay.  About what you'd expect from any Hampton Inn.Front desk staff were very helpful.
4	I travel quite a bit for work and though I have avoided it, it's high time to start reviewing the hotels I pick in various markets. This Hampton Inn prompted me to write said first review, so kudos on that in itself.Great price point compared to hotels nearby, free parking, free WiFi, free breakfast, nice staff. Walking distance to the Strip District and the Convention Center. That is about all you need to know right there. On TOP of all of  that, the beds are comfy, rooms and amenities are new, and the people go out of their way to be nice and helpful. For example: not only is there a free breakfast with fruit, coffee, and some pastries that you can grab and run (among other more substantial breakfast items)...BUT they have made "to go bags" for their guests in the morning. My coworker and I were handed a lunch-style brown bag with a water bottle, muffin, granola bar and apple "for the road." Now THAT impressed me. I spend 70+ nights in hotels each year and I have seen something that thoughtful. Last time I was in Pittsburgh I stayed at the DoubleTree; great hotel, but I will stay here from now on instead, no question. I'll miss those cookies though...Hampton can you add these to the to-go bags pleeease? :)
5	Five stars is based on the free parking alone!  I'm a Hilton Rewards member, so they upgraded me to a suite AND I was the guest of the day, so I got some free bags of chips and water bottles.  Not much, I know, I know, but I don't really care because I was so excited to win something!  Beds were comfy, and I looooove breakfast buffets!Pretty good location.
4	This is not a luxury hotel. They don't have the huge, $100 down pillows, the decadent marble bath, leopard-print robes for personal photo-shoots, or the expensive lotions that keep my skin so soft and supple and the envy of everyone everywhere.But on the real, I don't need all that. I need a clean, comfortable room at a good rate. I need lightning-quick check-in, free wi/fi, free parking, and breakfast. And Hampton's got what I need. (And you say he's just a friend.)The "hot breakfast" does leave much to be desired. Can we all agree that you can't call them eggs if they are made from a powder? Can we agree that that sad, sad ham should NEVER be allowed to share any sort of nomenclature with glorious bacon, Canadian or not? I suppose you could call those round bready things "bagels," if you must, but I wish you wouldn't.But again, I don't need a big, hot breakfast, because if every single enormous meal I've had in Pittsburgh is any indication, I will eat more than my fair share over the course of the day. So I'm better off with the fruit (bananas, apples, and a salad of pineapple and cantaloupe) and Honey Nut Cheerios anyway. If you do absolutely need something warm in the mornings, there's a waffle-maker too. I was just too intimidated to use it, because 8-year-olds are selfish. And mean.
5	This was great for our family of 5!  We had 2 queen beds and a pull out sofa in our room.  The room was clean, spacious and had a beautiful view.  We were within walking distance to many sites, including the Heinz History Center across the street!  Even our negative turned into a positive:  After returning from a day out with the kids siteseeing, we only wanted to rest before going to the Pirates game that night.  I heard a loud rattling noise coming from outside of our room.  I immediately called the front desk.  Within a few minutes, a mainenance person, came up to the room to look into the situation.  After several attemps to fix the problem, he just couldn't figure out a fast solution.  So he called the front desk and arranged for a new room on the floor.  The move was easy and our problem was fixed!  Oh, did I mention that the place was clean?
4	'Tis a great location, that's for sure. This Hampton Inn is pretty grand if you need to situate yourself in downtown 'Burgh! While it's definitely not a luxurious stay, I was more than comfortable with the accommodations. The highlights...1) Clean room with a comfy bed. The basics done right! 2) Gratis breakfast was just ok, but hey, I'm not complaining. I could score some fresh fruit, cereal and/or a toasty English muffin with peanut butter in no time flat. I would advise staying away from the hot items...they scurred me a bit. 3) Staff was friendly and helpful.4) Free parking!5) Free Wi-Fi! 6) Decent in-room work space and desk7) The bathrooms weren't anything to write home about, but it's worth mentioning that I found the vanities super tall! And being that I'm pregnant I had a helluva time leaning up and over to brush my teeth. It's the little things, apparently.8) Workout facilities are moderately sized but fit the bill if you need to log a quick sweat session.
5	I spent three days in Pittsburgh this holiday season and picked this Hampton Inn situated in the downtown strip district as the spot for laying my head to rest. We arrived after dark on our first evening and passed right by it on our first go around. Once we knew where it was it was abundantly obvious.  I really can't fathom how we both missed it the first time we passed it.  There is ample free parking.  The hotel was full by the second day we were there since the steelers were in town and we could always still find a close to the door parking spot in the gated lot.Check-in was a breeze without a line and the desk agent took her time in explaining the area and the hotel amenities.  Our room was spacious, immaculately clean and very comfortable with a comfy bed. As with all Hampton Inns, breakfast was served each morning buffet style.  Each day had two hot chafing dishes filled with three choices that changed each day.  They included a meat, eggs (I think that they were laid by 6 geese) and a starch choice.  I opted for the make your own waffle station with fresh fruit.  The coffee was always hot and had several choices including a robust blend in addition to a more traditional variety.While I didn't use it for this stay, there is a nice sized indoor pool.  I did however enjoy the complimentary WIFI access that was easy to sign up for and the 24 hour business center where I could print out last minute e-gift certificates at 2 am.  The area couldn't be more perfect.  It is right across from the Heinz Pittsburgh History Center and the Convention Center.  We meant to stop at the nearby Primanti Bros. which is open 24 hours but as luck would have it we stopped by on Christmas Eve and they were closed.  Next time.  We will be back for sure.[On the Sixth Day of Christmas my true love gave to me... Six Geese a LayingDecember 2012 Yelp Challenge - Day 6]
5	The wife and I spent Christmas weekend visiting family in Pittsburgh and we stayed at Hampton Inn and Suites. The Hotel is located in the Downtown section of Pittsburgh which is ideally located to everything.Need to send some love to Kaylee the young lady who checked us in on the evening of 12.22. She was very welcoming; told us about the Hotel and its facilities. I asked a couple of questions and she was very willing and eager to answer my inquires.Hotel room was spacious and it over looked Downtown Pittsburgh. Very nice. Bed was firm, but very soft with plenty of pillows. Free WiFi; yay. Bathroom spotless with plenty of towels. Hotel rooms get a lot of wear and tear with constant usage; our room was clean and well maintained.The Hotel offered complimentary breakfast daily. Very nice and good. Lots of choices from healthy to standards like ham, bagels, eggs, potatoes, etc. They had a commercial toaster for all your breads. Variety of fruits, cereals, juices, teas, etc. I must say that it was a delicious breakfast and an a good start to the day.Business center 247; awesome. You never know when you need to print something at 2 AM. They also had a fitness center that I said hi too every time the elevator pass by :)When I shop for a Hotel room I look for convenience, comfort, affordability and service. Hampton Inn and Suites Pittsburgh-Downtown definitely achieves all my expectations. I was not nickel and dime here. Staff was wonderful. Parking was complimentary. Room clean. All the standards were met and with a smile. Good job Hampton Inn. Thank you!
1	One of the worst HIlton brand hotels I've been to, and the worst Hampton Inn I've ever been to.The first room we stayed in had stains on the chair, the bedspread, and the bathroom.  A horribly obnoxious smell overpowered the room and left us unable to breathe.Management moved us to another room with the same exact issues.The only redeeming quality of the hotel was the staff.   They were extremely courteous and apologetic for the issues and refunded our money with no issue.    Additionally, my partner left his camera in the room, and they retrieved it and called us back soon after.   For $160+/night (AAA rate) ... there are much better options in the city.  Heck, even at half the price I wouldn't stay there.
5	Great location in the Strip District!  Clean, friendly, and just overall very nice.  I work at another Hampton Inn and this will be my hotel of choice when I go to Pittsburgh again!  Free breakfast and free wi-fi... What more could you want?!
4	Positives and negatives about this hotel.  Positives:The hotel staff was all very nice and friendly.  I found the rate for this hotel to be very reasonable compared to others in the area. Our room had a very nice view.Good location in the Strip district.  Close to many attractions and restaurants.Free parking.Clean rooms.Free Wi-FiNegatives:No refrigerator or safe in the room.Swimming pool was very small.Next time I am in Pittsburgh this is where I will stay.
2	Ehh average hotel clean but worn. Weird bedroom set up. No mini fridge or microwave.Be mindful this is not the hotel for you if you plan sleeping past 7am! Heavy doors slam shut every few minutes and they are LOUD! We had crazy neighbors who stood banging and yelling at the door for Well over five minutes not once but 3 times. Clearly people live in their own bubble! They continued yelling in their room. Thankfully no one was murdered ... By me!If you are cheap you will get what you have paid for.
4	Clean, comfortable, spacious rooms. Quiet with a view of 6 bridges! Friendly, polite and helpful staff too. Look forward to staying here again.
4	Nice downtown hotel with free parking! The rooms were clean and modern. No complaints.
1	As a frequent gym user, I am only going to rate any hotel I stay in based on its gym.  Since it is nearly impossible to find a decent review or accurate picture I will try to include these too. I workout in my garage gym doing crossfit type workouts - pull ups, barbell Olympic lifts, kettle bells, and bodyweight work. I never use machines other than an occasional rower. Ideally, for a hotel to meet my basic 3 star standard it will need :1. A barbell with weight plates2. Pull up bar3. Dumbell set4. Sufficient floor space to workout Bonus stars awarded for:1. Kettlebells - never seen yet2. Multiple barbells or pull up areas.3.  Good ventilation and windows and floor space. 4. Music instead of fox news or cnn blaring on TV. This hotel Hotel gym would get 1/2 star if possible.  -It has :one small set of dumbbells from 5 to 50 lbs3 treadmills or ellipticals4 medicine balls and a big ab ballNo ventilation- hot and humid. No music just local news on the TV. Less than 5x 10 floor space for exercising- the whole gym is smaller than my hotel room!Positives is open 24/7, clean and nice rubber floor and windows to see outside   Ventilation and view- hot and claustrophobicMy recommendation- take a TRX and workout outside if it is not 8 degrees. For.me, I'm going to visit the LA fitness in south side today for a real workout.
4	This hotel is a gem for Downtown Pittsburgh.They have great staff and service, great rates, great location...plus free parking.  Not much else to say...I'd recommend this place to anyone looking to enjoy Pittsburgh who wants to be near "a lot of the action" close to Downtown, the Strip District, and a short walk to the stadiums.4-Stars.
2	This place was one of the oddest hotel stays I've ever experienced.First, I attempt an early check in at around 1pm and am told I am receiving a "complimentary room upgrade" and that no rooms are available and they cannot tell me when any might be. Okay fine so I come back around 4pm and get my room no big deal. Turns out they gave me a large handicapped room so no issue there...or so I thought. I went to bed around midnight and wake up around 1am to a loud constant chirping sound every 30 seconds. I call the desk and turns out the smoke alarm battery is low and it takes them 30 mins to get there to fix it. Once they finally do so, they can't figure out how to fix it and finally just remove it. After my interrupted sleep I was a little biased in the morning but the free breakfast was quite subpar in variety and quality.The coffee was okay but the waffle station produced a gummy, bland variety. The "fresh fruit" looked old and canned, and the mini muffins were cold. Upon checkout I informed the desk of my unwanted midnight wake up call and they were sympathetic/apologetic but sounds like they couldn't take anything off my bill because I booked via a third party site. They did offer me free snacks from the hotel store.The staff here was very nice (only thing saving this place from one star) and while this experience was subpar, I think it was (hopefully) due to weird circumstances. I would consider staying here again if the price was right but this visit wasn't up to par.
4	We stayed at the Smallman St. Hampton for the second time on the week of August 18-22. The rooms are nice, except for the beds. Ours was very "bouncy" and uncomfortable. Our room was right next to the laundry room (which was relatively cheap at $1 a load) and at all hours the door slams shut every time unless considerate people hold it until it closes. Even the room doors all seemed to close the same way. The parking was "free" (included in the price) and convenient. The tasty Breakfast was also included and slightly different every morning. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating. If not for the beds this would be our hotel of choice when visiting Pittsburgh.  *note to Hampton, replace your beds with nice new comfortable beds.
3	Stayed here for a family wedding, and it's OK, but I'm not overwhelmed.On the good side, it's a great location for walking all over downtown, the Cultural district, the Warhol museum, the Strip. Rooms are fairly quiet, plumbing is good with plenty of hot water, the bed was comfortable, and the staff were great. The breakfast was decent, with a scrambled egg dish that was not over-salted, bacon, oatmeal, bagels, yogurt, cereals.But a few things are off. They didn't get our reservation for a suite correctly, they tried to charge us $35/night more than their current rate online (let alone the special wedding rate we were supposed to get). The staff woke us up the first morning by trying to deliver coffee to the wrong room. The internet is really slow. And the decor is pretty so-so, popcorn ceilings, a little sparse in the furnishings. There is no refrigerator, little storage space for two people, not very many hangers in the closet...So our experience was mixed. Not a bad place to stay, but nothing special, either.
5	I stayed here for a couple of nights because I came to see a concert at the Altar Bar. The regular price is a little stiff for what is essentially a good middle of the roader with no particular amenities,  but with free breakfast and parking more than makes up for the extras you would end up paying for at other hotels in P'burg. The room was nice and large, the bathroom good sized although no tub and no shelf space for shower items (I fashioned a basket that hung off the inside shower handle so no problem). They also did not just give 3 towels which has been my experience in hotels for $100 more. No refrigerator though, which was kind of a bummer.It was right on the main street, 2nd floor so a little noisy with the traffic during the day, but I was not in the room for long so no worries. That was also the good part of the hotel- smack dab in the middle of the city within walking distance of restys and museums, and the venue.  Had a nice scenic run along the river(s)- felt fairly safe. Went to the Andy Warhol museum, which was fascinating but  a little overwhelming with 7 floors; cool nonetheless. Had a haircut at a local salon (can't remember the name- Cultural something- which was cool), and then later went for dinner at a place called the Tonic Bar and Grill which was okay- cool reggae music and mediocre fare with good drinks.    The best thing that happened: For the first time in my life I left items in the hotel room; didn't remember them until 100 miles into the drive home, called the hotel and left a voicemail about it. They called me back right away- said "yes, they had found them" and arranged for the items to be mailed to me (got today). That's pretty stellar customer service. I highly recommend this hotel; don't spend an extra $150 per night at any other place in Pittsburgh. This really is a decent place.
