5	So, I had to get my fingerprints taken for a nursing license and I went to this place. The staff was great!! Everyone was friendly and nice. They were quick and efficient. I didn't wait at all! Plus this place only charges $15 vs the $40 they charge at the LV police place. There's plenty of parking. It's a the Smiths strip mall of the SE corner of Sahara and Maryland.
5	I had to get fingerprints for a PT job. I was very worried that I would have to wait in line for hours (think DMV). That was not the case. I was in and out of Fingerprinting Pros in 10 minutes. The staff was very professional, personable and efficient. I was there with a colleague of mine, and he joked that the experience was so quick and painless that he wanted to go through it again because that happens so rarely. I was also very excited that they do the prints electronically and then print them on the fingerprint cards...no ink on my hands! That was a nice treat.
5	Wow! Super Fast and friendly staff. It took me longer to fill out the form than it did to have my prints taken. The staff knows exactly what things and paperwork you need to do and guide you what direction to go to help you get any licensing that you need. Flat out...the best place to have fingerprinting done!
5	I had to get my fingerprints taken for a new job and I was dreading it becaues it was one thing on my long list of many. I arrived at around 9 am and was out of there in 10 minutes with what I needed. They were quick, efficient and friendly. I paid $18 for 2 sets of fingerprints. If you need fingerprints, I would recommend this place.
5	Quick and easy!!! Good job guys!!!!!
5	Super fast service. They have different services from fingerprinting, notary, passport photos. There are different prices for fingerprinting, I'm not sure how the prices are figured out, guess it just depends on what you're getting them for. Anyways, I was in and out in ten minutes. Will send people here for sure.
3	Meh.I mustve went on a crappy day bc my lady was a jerk as was the receptionist. I went and let them know I just needed one set of fingerprints for a state job I had recently acquired. She was kinda rude, and told me to fill out the little form. Total attitude though! So I went and had a seat. They had 4 machines going so the wait was minimal, which I really dont care, and it wasnt busy at all. My girl called me and did my prints, not talkative at all, then I went and had a seat.The receptionist was another un interested person who basically said 3 words and took my money.I tried to crack a joke and she was not amused... blah!Yea its centrally located and cheap, but Ive had my prints done at another place for 2$ more and the ppl actually spoke to you and didnt act like stuck up fools.16$ for one card of prints and 2$ more. Just like everyone else listed, they do photos, and all that crap.
4	Fast service. They have different services from fingerprinting, notary, passport photos.  I was in and out in ten minutes.
4	Thank god they were close to the Real Estate Division office! About a mile and half. 60$ and even with 5 people in front on me I was in and out within 15 mins. Super friendly tech that explained there was a lot of errors/reprinting w ppl applying for their real estate license and they finger prints not being valid. My school told me I had a year. The division told me 6 months and the tech informed me it was only 3 months. Who knows. I hope I don't have to get mine done again. I'd recommend this place however if you need yours done.
5	I came here to get fingerprints done for the State Board of Nursing. It cost me around $60 for the electronic fingerprints.I had a good experience. Staff knew what they were doing, were quick, and were friendly. I highly recommend this place, especially if you're a UNLV nursing student, since it's not so far from the main campus.
4	Sweet! Took like a second! In and out no problem.. I still don't know why it costs $60 bucks to take a picture of your paws, but you gotta do what you gotta do..
5	This place is fantastic.  The staff is really friendly and professional. They were so quick I don't think they need to bother having chairs in the lobby.  Was in and out with cards in hand in less than 10 minutes.
5	I have been to this location multiple times for fingerprinting.  I have had contact with the same receptionist on different occasions and she has consistently been quick, professional, knowledgeable and nice.  The staff are always friendly and efficient.  I love that I am always in and out of this location within a few minutes.  Keep up the great work!!!
5	Affordable prices and fast service! It took less than 5 minutes to get fingerprints done and a passport photo taken. The people were very nice and there was no line to wait in when I went. The fingerprints were only $19 and the passport photos were only $6, and they accept cash, debit, and credit. I would definitely recommend this place!!
5	No wait time, I was in and out in 10 minutes. Price is reasonable as well, I paid $15 for standard 10 prints card. Staff was very polite and knowledgeable. I also appreciated her gentle touch when she rolled my fingers. Ample parking & super close to UNLV. I'll be back when I'm done with my nursing school.
5	This place was amazing! $15 for first card, $2 for each additional. I believe the police station wanted $10 for each card and the lobby was full. I'd have been there for above an hour. Here, I was in and out in under 5 mins.! Amazing, friendly service. Digital prints also mean no mess. Even if I only one card, I'd pay the extra $5 to not have to wait for over an hour.
5	Fast and the staff was super sweet. Very happy I chose to come here for my fingerprinting.
5	Since 2008 when I first stepped foot in Fingerprinting Pros, they have always had my back in terms of respecting my time! From internships to jobs to, now, licensing boards for my profession (both in NV and OR), Fingerprinting Pros has, every time, been fast, efficient, and absolutely friendly. I would estimate that I have been fingerprinted here close to 10 times and not once was I in the building for more than 5 minutes or received anything other than a big smile from the staff I interacted with.You guys rock!
5	I was Back here back in February 2012 my job needed 20 copies of fingerprints to keep on file for any gaming license I needed good and quick service.
