3	This smoked meat restaurant took over Greasy Tony's a few months ago. Greasy Tony's was a long-standing artery-clogging pizza joint that also sold cheesesteaks and other items. The place was always filthy and the experience was always fun - the food was pretty good and true to its name. Tony was a character for sure. It was a great late night joint to grab some greasy food and sober up before wandering back to your dorm.Urban Campfire seems to have cleaned up the place a bit and the menu is pretty different. Some of the items seem to be fairly average and bland though while their special items seem to be pretty good. Personally, I preferred it when it was Tony's, but I'm sure this is a change for the better. Time will tell on this place - they certainly have a decent location.
4	Confession time, I don't really like barbeque. It's sweet and vinegary and weird and ruins perfectly good smoked meat. But the last two times I've been out for this kind of food, I have been pleasantly surprised. Maybe as I age my appreciation for tangy tomato sugar paste matures. I'm a classy broad like that. Or maybe I just need to frequent places that know how to serve up barbeque right, and that's exactly what Urban Campfire does.They couldn't have chosen a better location for the restaurant, within walking distance of the University, and I'm wicked pleased that nasty fucking Greasy Tony's finally crawled into its dingy little hole and died. I don't even want to know how much cleaning they had to undertake in order to reincarnate the tiny little shithole as a sparkling and inviting little diner. After swinging by this little place on a Monday night to see it closed, I was bummed and a little skeptical that it would be open at 8:00 on a Sunday evening. The neon sign was beckoning me to enter, but the chairs had already been stacked against the front windows and it looked like they were doing the ohgodit'sslowpleasecanwegohome prolonged breakdown, so Mr. Man went and peeked his head in to inquire if they were still able to do a take out order. Oh yeah, it was smoked meat time. The menu had all sorts of delicious sounding sandwiches and the barbeque staples, and most of it was heavy on the meat, so keep the veg heads away from this butcher shop or they'll be forced to nibble on the sides. The server couldn't have been more personal and engaging as we chatted about the menu offerings and details about the new place. After listening to her recommendations I ended up going with the pulled pork sandwich with beans for $7.95, while Mr. Man got the half rack of ribs with beans and fries. She was chatting up a storm with us about how good the food was and even gave us a sample of their special of the day, Sloppy Joes, which was bangin'! I had no idea sloppy joes could possibly shake their Manwich stigma, but the meat was tender and spiced just right and I can't even explain it. It was off the hook good and it was a fucking spoonful of sloppy joes. I still can't wrap my head around it. Once our orders were up we trotted home and dug into massive amounts of mouthwatering good barbeque. The sauce wasn't overly vinegary or tomatoey or sweet, and all the flavors complemented one another and lovingly embraced my porky goodness. Three huge sliders were included in my order, the buns were soft as marshmallow fluff and the beans, oh, the beans! Crispy little strips of bacon high fived my beanie little friends to double team the flavor factor. The ribs were HUGE and were definitely the stand out entree ordered. They were smoked on the premises, nicely charred and melt off the bone tender. The dogs agree with me, even though they just got the bones. Beware the french fries. They're limp since they're freshly cut and fried. But they were smothered in fresh garlic, so I found a way to overlook that little deterrent. They also have a ton of drink specials, from the tried and true bottle of domestic brew to funky flavored sangrias. And although I didn't try it, their dessert is a haystack cookie made of pretzel sticks, mini marshmallows, peanut butter and butterscotch sauce and they sound like something I would have made when I was too young to use the stove so I was dependent on the microwave for making chex mix and shit on a shingle. (I had a Jell-o cook book as a kiddo and tried just about every recipe in there, including the nasty mixed vegetables suspended in unflavored gelatin and beef stock. Weird.) They're also in the process of creating a patio out front where you can enjoy a picnic like atmosphere with the food to complement it. So I guess I have to revise my opening statement. I'm a recovering barbeque-phobe, and this cheap as sin, make me groan with pleasure barbeque joint will definitely be worked into the regular rotation.Since I haven't eaten there more than once, I'm giving it four stars, but if it continues to be this awesome, it'll be a five star joint for me!
3	How come vegetarians aren't allowed to eat around a campfire?I came here after a legitimate camping experience -- in the Mazatals -- while still wearing all my nasty smoky camping clothes.  I was curious about the small salads and deviled eggs I saw people eating.  I was right to be curious:  it was a curiously good complimentary starter!My meat lover friends loved the sliders, I was intrigued by the sides.  The garlic fries looked spectacular, the yam platforms (or whatever they were called) were amazing and the citrus pepper slaw was zippy.  They need a vegetarian stuffed chile and veggie burger.... or at least a vegetarian chilli dog.  Help a girl out.
4	I stopped by here since I had a barbecue withdrawal after being on a project in Dallas for three months.This certainly hit the spot.This menu is printed on a chalkboard above the cash register.  Since this would be my one trip into Phoenix in a while, I asked my perpetual question to the staff, "If this were your only meal here, what would you order."I was recommended the smoked ham sandwich, which is served open faced topped with cheeses and the honey-mustard sauce.  I was pleasantly suprised that the honey-mustard had a slight kick to it.  Their barbecue sauce was served on the side.  Folks can order a side with the meal and I chose the yam planks, which are in essence, yam chips.I was pleasantly surprised by the quantity of ham that was on the sandwich.  It's not your sliced deli-style ham, but actually a ham that was sliced from what looks like a spiral ham, then grilled, and piled high on a garlic toast.  Mmm.The yam planks were well seasoned.My favorite was the "Blue Collar Beer Cooler."  They had cans (yes, cans) of inexpensive beer in the fridge, including Pabst Blue Ribbon, Old Style, Schlitz and Genessee.  I haven't seen these brands of beer in ages.  Classic!Four stars from me, and I'll be coming back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	I had been meaning to visit this place for a while, though I'm not sure why. I'm not a big bbq fan but driving by it on the way home all the time kept reminding me how I'd never been. I dragged my poor boyfriend there two nights in a row (Sunday and Monday) to be met with a CLOSED Sign. Finally at about 4 pm the following Saturday, a rude employee at the original place we were planning left a sour taste in our mouth and I just had a feeling they would make it better. And they did.I had only been to Greasy Tony's a few times but I vaguely remember what the inside looked like and this looked absolutely nothing like it. It looked...clean. That was the major distinction. There's a liquor bar in the front which has a "Blue Collar Beer Cooler" with beers like PBR and Mickeys for $1.50 which is freakin awesome. I am all about places that recognize malt liquor for the delicacy that it is. This time, though, we got the Sangria, which I liked but my boyfriend thought was too sweet. He had never had Sangria before so I think he just might not like it in general. After looking through the menu on the wall, I randomly decided I was going to get ribs. I don't know why. I'm not a big rib eater. I can't even remember the last time I had them before then. There was some specials posted outside that included a spinach salad with shrimp skewers and I sat down almost 100% sure that was my order. But at the last minute I got ribs, and I'm really glad I did. My boyfriend decided on the salmon burger. After we placed our orders we got our deviled eggs which were really good and a nice starter. We both love appetizers but the menu at this place doesn't really feature any unless you consider splitting an order of sliders to be an appetizer. So these were great. We actually ended up buying 6 more to go for 50 cents a piece to nibble on at home.A few minutes later, our food arrived. I guess I've never had good bbq before because I have never tasted smokiness like I did with these ribs. It was interesting. The sauce was also very good, sweet but tangy. For sides I got the yam planks, which were awesome, and this kind of weird cucumber salad with sour cream and dill dressing. It was interesting, but also very good at the same time. I tasted the salmon burger and it was good, but I'm not a huge salmon fan unless it's sushi or lox. My boyfriend liked it but said he preferred the salmon B.L.T. at 4 peaks because it was like a salmon fillet as opposed to a salmon patty. After we finished most of our food (I had to take a few ribs home) and the table was cleared (except for our pitcher of sangria) we received a little mini dessert: a few tiny squares of pineapple! It was a really cute touch.  The server was very friendly and everyone checked on us to make sure we were doing well and everything tasted good. Overall a great late lunch that made us complete forget about our previous poor experience. We were two happy CAMPers. (GET IT???? HAHAHAHAHAWOW THAT WAS LAME.) Seriously though even if you don't like bbq check this place out it was definitely worth it. Oh and our entire meal was only like $45. Without the sangria and to-go deviled eggs it would have been closer to $25.
4	New Years Eve, 930PM you'd think this place would be either closed or charging a premium. Nope, neither. We enjoyed $1 Coors and a $20 all you can eat BBQ buffet for about an hour before heading on to the bars. What a deal! The food was excellent, and the place was a very fun atmosphere to hang out in. The larger lady that runs it was even cool enough to rag on my friend who was eating a polish sausage asking him if he eats a lot of wiener. LOL! She also brought out a game that gives each of the four players a trigger, and the last one to hit the trigger when the light turns green gets electricuted. That was pretty fun.The place feels like a tailgate party from front to back. The TV's were playing south park, all the menus are on chalk boards, and its mostly a middle aged crowd there to drink beer and get rowdy. It's a fun place.
3	There's not much to this place.  UC has really cheap beer during happy hour, but it's beers such as Miller Light and Coors Light.  The menu has a decent selection of bar food and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  I prefer to sit outside when I go to UC, but that's not a great idea when it's 110 degrees outside.
2	I wish I didn't have to do this, but after last night I cannot have my name attached to a 4-star review of this place. It is a personal pride issue. I haven't lived in Tempe for about a year now so the last time I was here was at least before October 2008.  My boyfriend and I decided to go back last night after watching Man V. Food Austin and getting a serious craving for BBQ. I checked the menu online and noticed it had changed quite a bit. A lot cheaper and lot less variety items. But they still had the deviled eggs (that used to be AWESOME) so I figured it was probably owned by the same people, they just are now catering more to the ASU Crowd.  I do not see HOW this could be under the same ownership as it was a year ago. The quality of food dropped TREMENDOUSLY. We decided to split a sampler, which consisted of BBQ chicken, pork, brisket, and 2 ribs. What came out was 2 okay ribs, 3 piles of cold shredded meat, all of which tasted very similar, that each had a drizzle of generic bbq sauce on top, and weird, not-good-at-all bun. The "Yam Planks" were soggy and overseasoned. The wings were bearable, but no better than any sports bar. Plus, they were the crispy, breaded kind like hooter wings, which I'm not a huge fan of. The only good part of the night was the $3.00 32 OZ Pitchers. I feel kinda bad updating, because the owner seems really nice, and our crappy BBQ platter was comped (we didn't even complain about it, she must have just known it was bad) but I have to because of how much I raved about this place before and how much it has changed.
