5	Atmosphere is great, great location, amazing food too! My chicken was awesome but the best part we're the donuts for dessert. This place serves food really late too.
5	We went here for a Kentucky Derby party and had a wonderful experience!The bartenders were attentive and made awesome drinks (mint julips and Jack/Coke).  We ordered a Margherita Pizza which came out quickly and was delicious. The owner gladly brought me an extra side of marinara (which the pizza didn't need, I just wanted more!!) that was larger than any side I could have ever expected; very much appreciated!! :)The ambiance was very cool, each vase on each table had a unique live flower in it, and the chandeliers were very artsy and enjoyable to view.  We will def. be back for a more romantic dinner experience than just a casual lunch/horse-racing viewing.  It was great!
5	Outstanding new restaurant in Old Town - looks like 3rd time's the charm in this location. Previous owner(s) had tried a few different things that apparently didn't pan out. Well, the new owner of this spot apparently knows what's up.The specialty cocktails (which I'm not normally into) are fantastic, and their wine on tap is awesome. The food is out of this world - it's all different. They are really into locally sourced fresh ingredients and being earth conscious (which I really appreciate) and you can taste the difference in the food. I had a pepperoni pizza and shared some bruschetta that was crazy good, and my girlfriend had a chicken dish I sampled that was also amazing. The cheese on the pizza was creamy - it was really unusual, but I scarfed down every bit of it. The crust was delicious as well. The best part is that I don't feel boated or whatever. I was full, but didn't have a gut bomb. We even split a dessert that was like their take on an adult s'more. It was ridiculous. Evo should be a yelper's paradise. This is going to be a really hot spot for an after work happy hour when you don't feel like having a Corona and chips and salsa. It's also a fantastic spot for a date night. It's an awesome place for locals to come and unwind with a drink and some noshes.There's a really comfy atmosphere and everyone that works there seems passionate and welcoming. I hope they keep it up after the "we're new" wears off. I wish this place all the success and I hope it's around for years to come. I'm definitely going to be back here lots. Had a wonderful time and a happy tummy.
5	Three words: New. Favorite. Restaurant.Not even kidding. From atmosphere, to service, to food, this place sets the standard. From what the owner told us, everything is made in house and sourced locally whenever possible. The taste and quality of our food reflected this. We sampled something of each portion of the menu except the salads. We started with the bruschetta. It was phenomenal. Our entrees were a pepperoni pizza and the chicken over greens. They were both melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Desert was an artistic take on a s'more- a brownie with Nutella, marshmallow fluff and gram crackers. Sweet but not overly so- the perfect finish to the meal.The absolute stand out to me, however, was the drink I had. Even if the food was terrible (which it obviously wasn't) I would come back just for the drink. Try the Blueberry Basil Lime Tonic. You wont regret it. They also keep a number of wines on tap- which is extra cool. Wine's on tap make sure your glass is aerated by the time it gets to you, it also significantly reduces waste.This is surely going to become a hot spot. I don't see how it wont. Come try it while it's new, so you can get in before the crowding gets out of hand!
5	Nice looking dining room and wonderful food. Great service and and beer selections.
4	Great new restaurant with fun drinks, good food and reasonable prices.
5	Great ambiance, awesome appetizers, fantastic pizza, flawless customer service.Evo has it all.What was really nice and unexpected is that the owner visited our table and chatted with us for 15 minutes, asking for way to improve the service, the food and the feel of the place. He was very interested in what we had to say.We have since eaten at Evo 2 more times and will go back many more.
5	So being in the industry its only natural to find a place for after a rough shift to eat REAL food and have REAL drinks.  Evo smacks it down pat!!!  GRRRRRRRRRREAT service, staff, drink and food!  I've just started to attend the late night post work sesh but I'm sold!!!  My new fav place to rave about and bring troves of people too!!!
4	More like a 4 1/2.  Really enjoyed this place.  Nice bar and dining room.  Warm, casual, great staff, and nice ambience.  We sat at the bar first and had a couple of cocktails, a Ketel One up and a drink on their menu called the Sunset.  Both were well made and tasty.  We had the Funghi pizza and Heirloom tomato pasta as entrees, the brussel sprout and kale salad, the grilled bread and olive oil, and a couple wines by the glass.  Everything was well above average, seasoned well, and exactly what you want when dining out. Typically, pasta dishes can do you in because they are so heavy so I usually take some home.  In this case, I finished the whole dish because it was that good.  They have their own parking lot so the parking was a breeze.  Can't wait to go back,
5	Moved to Scottsdale 3 months ago-  have come across some great restaurants but finally gave in and created a yelp account to make sure EVO got the press they deserve. This spot is beautiful and the staff was off the chain.  Jason took care of us at the bar and knew the perfect balance between recommending worthy food/drinks and  giving us space to enjoy and take it all in.  The cocktails alone would make me come back-- but when our food came it just kept getting better.  I love when restaurants have the "it factor" and this spot has just that.  The live music on Sunday night is exactly what people need to to wind down to over a beer before their work week starts again.  Atmosphere is simple, classy, sexy and relaxing.  Definitely a hidden gem.
2	I am surprised by other reviews as we found EVO a disappointment.  Poor service, food was nothing to brag about (except the EVO salad), and A/C was blowing straight down on our table.  Could not make a cappuccino and the mushroom risotto was strong with flavoring of balsamic vinegar.  Do not recommend.
5	Incredible job Evo!! The food is divine, I am in love with the brussel sprouts, which, by the way, I have NEVER liked. Presentation of food was grand, I also had a homemade pasta with chicken, AMAZING flavor, and I've tried the tenderloin brushetta, like, um 6 times. Addicting!! Reminds me a lot of the old Furio - trendy feel, warm inviting atmosphere, servers and bartenders that remember you AND your drinks, and just an all over outstanding restaurant and feel. Perfect for date nights, happy hour, group dinners, I love it!! They had live music last Sunday, acoustic amazing-ness lol. So many wines to choose from, I really liked the variety of reds. Fireball on tap!!!?? Wow, thats different and exciting for you whiskey drinkers!! Great spot, and if the rest of the menu is anything near as wonderful as what I've had, well - I can't wait to try it all!!!
5	Since this place has opened, I've pretty much become a permanent fixture at this place. I'm here at least 2-3 times a week for dinner and drinks, and considering I eat out every meal, it says a lot. The staff is a delight and the service is great. If you don't see something on the menu, just ask (I do this all the time and while I'm a pain with my "substitute this and add this" they have ALWAYS taken care of me without hassle). The owner is normally there, greeting  guests and asking for opinions and suggestions; THIS folks, is how more restaurants and bars should be operated. Few favorites: Bruschetta (I hate asparagus yet I won't pick it off of this dish)Bolognese Steak...not your City Hall / Mastro's steak, but also half the price. With that being said, GOOD and juicy. Pizza...I prefer to "make my own", and again, they never say No.Chocolate Torte - Flipping amazingThose doughnut things....ugh mouth drooling....time to go eat....
5	Great new restaurant in Scottsdale! When you walk in, the vibe is sophisticated and warm. They have a full bar and full dining room, so no matter what - there is something for everyone. They specialize in Italian dishes with a twist and amazing cocktails. Our server, Jarness, recommended some cocktails - which we ordered. Over the course of dinner we had tried the Grapefruit Basil, Pit of Passion, and a spin on a Moscow Mule called the 'Monroe Mule' (which had a raspberry flavor to it). All of which, I would order again. On to dinner: We got the EVO Salad (which Jarness recommended) - which has kale, brussel sprouts and other yummy things. The salad was unlike any salad I've ever had. The kale and brussels were baked/broiled and mixed together. This was my favorite item I tried, and would order again.  We also ordered a Caprese salad and a Funghi pizza. The pizza was a perfect size to share (10"). We finished everything we ordered. In addition to a great dinner, they also offer a late night menu (kitchen closes at 1am) which offers a lot of the same items. The food was awesome, and I'm excited to come back to try new items! On a separate, but incredibly important note: The service was fantastic. Our server was knowledgeable, personable and really made us feel welcome. The owner was also present on the floor, and stopped by to see how our experience was. I can't wait to go back!
4	OMG this is a FANTASTIC spot! Amazing food and Brandon the bartender will definitely take good care of you. The EVO salad is clever and severely delicious. I ordered the chile shrimp tagliatelle and I bet any of the other housemade pastas are just as amazing. Definitely come here NOW!
4	Great atmosphere and attentive friendly service at the bar.  Had the kale brussel sprout salad -great flavors but a bit heavy on the sweet balsamic dressing.  Pasta was awesome - defintely a strong suit.  Had chile shrimp and also shrimp alfredo -both nicely light on sauce and perfectly prepared!  And staff was very open to our feedback -always a good sign if you're gonna make a go of it in this town!
5	EVO creates the perfect ambiance for a first date, family dinner or even guys who want to meet up for a beer and watch some sports.  Popular among the local service industry bartenders and servers in Old Town, EVO provides an elegant yet understated environment where all feel welcome.  The food covers a wide array of light Italian fare, including house made meatballs, funghi pizza, and bolognese.  What is great about EVO is that it meets the needs of all; they offer a Happy Hour Menu from 4-7pm and a Late Night Menu after dinner until 1:30am nightly.  The owner, Nick Neuman, is a stand-up guy who treats customers and employees alike with respect, sincerity, and warmth.  He understands quality food while creating a setting that steers away from what some might call the snooty Scottsdale vibe.  I strongly recommend this restaurant, whether it be for a casual drink at the bar with friends or to celebrate a special occasion.  Come to EVO and you'll feel at home.
5	Evo is a new stop for me in old town Scottsdale! They have great happy hour and industry drinks. In my most recent visit I had the Weekly special which was a Lobster Rissotto. My favorite appetizers are the scallops, the Polpetinas (meatballs) and the charcuterrie board. You have to try the Evo salad! Its different than any salad I've ever tried and is definitely worth the trip.  I have frequented the establishment many times and have never been disappointed with the food or the drinks. The specialty cocktails are playful and fresh. I would recommend the Evo Maid or the Monroe Mule to start but I suggest trying them all. This is a great place for an after work drink as well as dinner with the family. The staff is knowledgeable and ready to please. The owner is always there making sure the guests are enjoying themselves.This is my new favorite restaurant. Well Done!
5	Food was amazing! Their pizzas are a knock out and so were their mixed drinks. They have some great selections on the drinks and craft beers as well. Atmosphere is very nice. Has that modern feel with some warmth and class. We will be back for sure!
4	I had a good experience, likely because of the great company... Anyway, EVO is just north of Indian School on Goldwater Blvd. The atmosphere is modern with subdued lighting. I started with the Scallops as an appetizer (decent), then I tried the NY Strip which was on the small side but well cooked and flavorful. The service was upbeat and prompt - I shall return.
3	"Drinks and atmosphere..all day.. food.. hmmm"SO I really wanted to give this place at least 4 stars. It's more like 3.5, but not enough for me to round to 4. The service was great and the restaurant was cute and very sultry -- good for groups or a date, but the food didn't wow me.. and it hurt!We arrived and were promptly seated. Our waiter was attentive and kept the bread and garlic infused oil (which was fantastic) coming after he realized our group was very hungry. We started with some apps -- risotto balls (on a meat sauce, boo) and the bruschetta. Which was okay. Then we ordered our entrees. I had the chile shrimp.. which was okay.. it seemed the shrimp was overcooked and the noodles a step before al dente (re: ultra firm/borderline crunchy). Most everyone had similar feels about the food just being okay.So would I come back, yep.. with the focus on maybe pre-drinks or good times with friends. The place really did lend itself to that. Very modern decor and a warm space.
4	EVO is a fantastic new addition to Old Town.  It has taken the place of T. Roosevelt's, which was more than a disappointment.  The first thing of note was the great service.  The owner spoke with our table for a while when we arrived and stopped by the table a couple more times during our dinner, and our server was very attentive.  We were there during happy hour, and they definitely have a good one.  Drinks were cheap, and they have a good selection of happy hour menu items, and happy hour is from 4-7 7 days a week!   I ordered off the regular menu and had the pasta bolognese, and it was fantastic!  I am never one to pass up homemade pasta, and this did not disappoint.  Plus, it was very reasonably priced for a decent sized portion.  I also tasted a friend's arancini (fried risotto balls) and my boyfriend's mushroom risotto, both of which were excellent.  The only reason that I am not giving 5 stars-- I wish I could give 4 and a half-- was the noise level.  I was with a group of 6, and we were sitting at a round table, but I had trouble hearing even the person sitting next to me once the place got busy.  That will definitely not keep me from going back though!  Overall, I had a great experience there and am happy to welcome EVO to my neighborhood.
4	Very cute place! They serve a full menu until around 1:30. MUST TRY the EVO salad. Crispy brussel sprouts and kale combo, goat cheese and balsamic drizzle. WOW, I'm going back for that!!The rest of the food was good, but not outstanding. The staff was friendly, and they have some awesome hand crafted cocktails.
5	Good food, service and atmosphere. If i lived here this would be our hot spot.
5	Lots of great modern Italian dishes, great service and a cool atmosphere.  Nice date place for a fun night a little off the beaten path but still close enough to Scottsdale nightlife to walk.I had drinks and dinner.  Bartender suggested wines for us and let us try some to decide what we wanted.  Band that played after dinner and was really good.  Was there on a Sunday night.  I think they have entertainment Fri, Sat and Sun after dinnertime.
3	I went here on a double date this past Saturday night. I had called earlier in the day and made a reservation for 4 people at 6 pm. When we got there they had us down for 3 people at 7 pm. Whatever, no big deal, it was basically empty anyways! We loved the atmosphere, the booths were comfortable, and the decor was modern and interesting. Our server was super cute, knowledgable, and friendly but a bit over bearing. She'd ask if we were ready to order, we asked for more time, and she would literally circle the restaurant, come right back and ask again. Drinks took f-o-r-e-v-e-r and one time the wrong drink was brought BUT, they were all delish! We started with the bruschetta and some risotto balls. Bruschetta was mediocre, but the risotto balls were really tasty. My husband and I split the funghi pizza and the chili shrimp pasta for dinner. Both were OK. The pasta itself in the chili shrimp pasta was really good, really tasted like it was homemade and it was cooked perfectly. It wasn't very spicy though (which surprised me as other reviews said to watch out for the spice!). The funghi pizza was really a disappointment but maybe I'm not being fair as I recently had the funghi pizza at the Parlor and it was amazing! For dessert we tried the chocolate torte - tasted like a chocolate mousse, good but not amazing. The Zeppolini - undercooked! When we bit into it it turned to mush. And we were a table full of Italians who have had some good italian donuts so this was a disappointment. And we tried the gelato as well - just tasted like vanilla ice cream. SO, overall, "meh. I've experienced better". I think this place has potential, most of what we ate was on the cusp of being memorable but, unfortunately, was just not there yet. Would I go back? Sure, if there was an event of something already planned there I wouldn't be upset about going back, but we won't be going back voluntarily.
5	Wonderful food !! Great place for dinner or drinks ! I will be back !!!
4	Excellent service and good food
4	The happy hour was pretty money, we ordered the pepperoni pizza, Alfredo pasta and the cheese and meat plate. We definitely were pleased with all three dishes, in fact I demolished the pizza within 5 minutes. We really enjoyed the pasta, which definitely tasted homemade but I cannot confirm nor deny that. Finally the cheese and meat board was very tasty, but I thought was a tad over priced for the small portions. Regardless it was very pleasant and I would definitely eat at EVO again. The design of the restaurant was very unique as well. One large skylight and glass wall made the atmosphere very inviting.
3	I think I need to try EVO again...The prices are great and for happy hour even better.  They have lots of things that look good on the menu (italian-ish menu).  All the cocktails my group had were fabulous.  The grilled brushetta is delicious, but nothing special..more traditional style, but yummy. The pizzas we had were pretty burnt and in general they just were not good.  That is what made it 3 stars for me...usually even bad pizza is kind of good.  I feel like I need to come back and try more things; many of the dishes that went by looked and smelled appetizing.  The service was outstanding, and EVO subscribes to the whole local, fresh ingredient thing which I commend.
4	Came to EVO last night on an exploratory mission to visit a new spot in town. Walking in we really liked the lay out of the restaurant with the bar separated from the dining room and the decor was cool and cozy with the hanging candles from the ceiling.My girlfriend and I went for happy hour and the selection was pretty good. Lots of wines on tap for $5 and the signature cocktails are $6. What we particularly enjoyed were the arancini (fried risotto with meat sauce) and the charcuterie plate (not on happy hour - but well worth it).We were a little less impressed with the bruschetta (when you've had Postino's bruschetta board, its hard for anything else to measure up) and the pizza was alright, nothing to write home about.  Our service was great from Jaime, so that made the experience a positive one as well. All in all, I want to come back to EVO for dinner and try the entrees to see how it measures up in that department. But for now I'd recommend them for happy hour if you're in the area and looking for something new.
5	EVO is absolutely amazing!! The ambiance is gorgeous and the food is outstanding. All of the staff is very knowledgable and professional. I will definitely be going back!
4	Amazing cocktails- try the basil/grapefruit concoction. The EVO salad is a must and everything was top notch. Will be back.
5	One of my new favorite places in old town.  We went here because we had a restraints.com gift certificate.  We went for happy hour.  The prices were reasonable and the food was excellent. My friend and I split the crab bruschetta, veggi sandwich and a chocolate mouse cake.  They were each above expectations.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  The decor was very nice.  A+ Evo!!!
4	Visited EVO last night in company with our Meet-Up group, Educating Wine Lovers in Arizona.  Nick, EVO's owner, and his crew of servers couldn't have been more lovely and welcoming to the group.  We were set up by our group's leader for a wine tasting of EVO's wine on tap plus appetizers.  We learned a lot about wine on tap thanks to Nick---it's really *better* in a lot of ways than bottled!  And although I am a red wine drinker, I had a lovely little Coppola Pinot Grigio that I think might become my "before sundown" beverage of choice!  We also had some wonderful appys---two different bruchettas---a tasty tomato-basil and then this to-die-for one with rare slices of beef tenderloin and slices of asparagus---so good!  The bruchettas were followed by pizzas---Funghi and a Gorgonzola "white" pizza.  The mushrooms on the Funghi were roasted and the flavors just burst in your mouth.  The chef had added a touch of honey to the Gorgonzola pizza, that really took it to another level.  Now, I don't really like pizza---it's the crust and red sauce, mostly, so I tend to fork off the toppings to enjoy.  But DH, he is formerly from NJ and is the self-proclaimed pizza expert, said the hearth baked pizza crusts were light and crispy and perfect.  The expert speaks!  And the ambiance of the whole place was so nice and relaxing and fun and the staff was so great---we can't wait to go back.  DH wants to try some of their other pizzas or the Bistecca, while I am torn by the Scallop dish or I so love a well-done risotto as well...  Well, that's obviously at least two more visits!  It's probably just as well EVO is almost 30 minutes from our house or we'd probably park ourselves on their doorstep several nights a week!  Thanks, everyone at EVO, for a great evening!
5	Great menu. The scallops were amazing. Meatballs were great too. Fresh high quality ingredients.  Service was great.
4	This place seems to be cursed. No restaurants ever make it here long-term. However, the ambiance is very pleasant, with rustic, yet modern decor throughout. The food was above average but not great. With few Italian options in the old town area, I would return here again.
3	Food was ok, nothing to write home about.  I don't think I'll go back.  I didn't like the way the tables were set in the middle of the room.  Something seems to be missing and empty as if they did not finish decorating.
4	Came here with a restaurant.com certificate and it was great. I ordered a salad, wine, meatball appetizer, and pasta with a friend. It was good food. The service was great. The place is definitely a happening one and is busy. It was very nice and I will be back again.
5	The food and service was amazing! Such fun drinks and the best salad - get the EVO salad it has kale and brussels sprouts and it was sooo delicious. One of my girlfriends had the pasta bolognese and it was to die for so I will definitely be back to sample up some more yummy food!
4	I went to EVO for Happy Hour, and this place was awesome. One of the better places I have gone for Happy Hour to in a long time. From the gorgeous greeters to the helpful bartenders I thoroughly enjoyed my visit. Ambiance.This place is bigger than expected. They have a restaurant section, and then a bar with booths and a nice open "loungier" area by the windows. Very nice for mingle activities. I was only here a Friday for Happy Hour, it will be really interesting to see how it develops into the wee hours of the night, and how the clientele changes.DrinksThey have a decent Happy Hour menu that I was very tempted by, but I had dinner reservations so I kept my HH all wet. This being said, they have stuff like Nitro Milk Stout from Left Hand Brewing Company and that is awesome in itself. Nice selection of wine too.I will definitely come back to EVO.. as soon as possible!!!
5	Love getting off work and being able to have a good glass of wine and food! Love this late night spot! Food till 1:30!!!!
4	Had a great time for a Saturday happy hour at EVO's 4pm to 7pm.  Seating anywhere in restaurant.  Brusheta with Crab, Vegetable Sandwich, fried risotto balls, Steak sandwich were all very good and range in price from $5 to $8 (steak sandwich).  If you didn't want the french fries you could opt for their sides, of salad, or 4 other picks.  The drinks were reasonably priced draft or bottled beer $3, premium well $4, glass of wine $5 (good size pour).  A good time was had by all.
4	Finally, it seems that this location is taking off.  It was amazing how dead it was when we visited the prior restaurant in this location, despite the good food.  However, Evo has amp'd up the atmosphere, maintained the good service, and produced some tasty food.  Thus, the place was hoppin' on a Friday evening and for a change, it was hard to find a parking spot in the lot on this visit.   So it was not the hard-to-find location that was the problem with the previous tenants...Tony was our server, and he was excellent.  Very personable and helpful.  We started with the scallops, which were flavorful and good sized.  My wife enjoyed her chicken entree, and my lobster risotto, though it appeared small in size at first, was actually very filling and well prepared.  They had a pretty good selection of drinks, and we also liked the bread that accompanied our appetizers.   Nice ambiance, great makeover to the space, friendly service, and good food.  We'll be back!
5	I went to an event here for being Yelp Elite and it was wonderful! I took my sister since she always is wondering what being Yelp Elite is all about. We arrived got a sweet rose from a cute flowershop in town &  free drinks and were seated with some of my other yelp elite friends. We were told that Yelp/ EVO would comp all of our meals/drinks as long as it was under $50 per person. I could not believe how generous Yelp/EVO was to us.  She had a few glasses of pinot grigio and I had a few Four Peaks Peach Ale drafts. For an appetizer we shared the EVO salad and the Scallops dish. I wish they gave more than 3 scallops but everything was DELICIOUS! The EVO salad was a "warm" salad. It contained brussel sprouts, crunchy kale, feta, pine nuts, and balsamic vinaigrette. It was tasty but I would recommend some dried cranberries for flavor. Our friends ordered the meatballs and they looked yummy.  For our meals we had the Lobster Risotto and my sister had the Chili shrimp pasta dish. Both were filling & fantastic! A major highlight of the night was the medium/palm reader that was there! She really was on point besides one little thing - saying I would be getting married in 2014(even though as of now I am single... so I don't know if that will pan out but hey ya never know right?! ). The EVO staff was wonderful and great! They went above and beyond to make this a memorable experience. Our Community manager Lindsey does an amazing job planning these awesome events. I felt so spoiled at this one and really appreciate EVO and Yelp's kindness.
5	i hope this location in old town does well. based on the quality of food and drink, it should stay a while. the ambiance and setting are cozy, rustic, contemporary...kind of the general theme lately, but not stuffy or too Scottsdale-y. the general clientele seemed a good mix of demographic. we started off with a chile spice shrimp brushetta. the bread was toasted perfectly and the shrimp were nice and crisp, warm...not chewy....with a hint of heat. they didn't skimp on the shrimp either! i chose the lobster risotto for my entree. if i was as rich, i'd be living on the north side of camelback mtn! it was smooth, creamy, decadent...full of lobster chunks and shreds. i had to mentally slow myself down from just shoveling the entree it was that freaking good! i ordered a side of slivered asparagus and i do love asparagus. they were cooked al dente style, but were a bit heavy on the salt for my palate (but i did eat them all). the wife and i split the chocolate torte...with nutella and marshmallow fluff. it too was super rich...excellently delicious. so good, we tried another desert, the zeppolini....4 mini donuts with berry dipping sauce. my favorite of the two. it was sweet, but i think had salt sprinkles? so it was the classic tasty combo of sweet and salty! all in one bite!the wife had the salmon dish and her salmon was expertly cooked and oh so tasty. for drinks, wine...lots of it. each glass better than the next. i sampled several cocktails: the pink rose of texas, the cantaloupe tini, and the Pit of passion. all well mixed. you could sense the alcohol without it overpowering the drink. none of them were so sweet as to leave you needing a glass of water afterwards. they were all expertly mixed and presented. our waiter was super friendly and gregarious, even though the night was really busy. he confided it was his 3rd day on the job, and he did a great job taking care of us. our water glasses stayed full the entire night!great new venue and all very reasonably priced. their happy hour menu offered several of their menu items for half price. i hope we can come back!
5	Our waiter described Evo as Italian with a fancy flare. I don't usually choose Italian restaurants but this one would definitely get a repeat visit from me! They have an impressive wine list, many available by the glass, and their cocktails are also stellar. I sampled the ones my husband ordered and they were delicious! We started with a featured app of shrimp bruschetta. The shrimp had a nice chili oil drizzled on top and the bread was crispy but not over-cooked.I ordered the salmon which came on top of pearl couscous and a side of brussel sprout leaves, which turned out to be actual brussel sprouts. The salmon was cooked wonderfully and the couscous appeared to be a mixure of wheat/white pearls with red pepper. My husband ordered the lobster risotto, to which I kept stealing bites of! We finished off the evening with the chocolate torte dessert and the zeppolini doughnuts. The torte was dense and rich and sort of fun and playful since it came with nutella sauce and marshmellow with crispy almonds. The doughnuts were a bit savory with a sweet berry dipping sauce. Both were phenomenal. Our server had a great attitude and a great smile. Our water glasses were kept full all night....awww it's like they knew me. Their happy hour menu looks amazing by the way!!!! Great food options for $5, beer for $3, wine and well specials.
4	Solid late night food, solid service, good tv's.We stopped in for a bite.. Bartenders could not have been nicer. Informative and seemed like regular guys.Tried a pasta and pizza.. Both came out hot and tasty.I will go back to check out the happy hour...
4	The hostess offered us a friendly escort to our table for two in the corner where we were able to view the entire restaurant. The ambiance is very laid back, but warm with the fun sound of an acoustic guitarist playing the background. Tony, our awesome waiter, was quick to greet us and go over the menu with us since it was mine and the hubby's first trip here. We settled on drinks (I got a glass of Sexual Chocolate ($14) a deliciously fine blend of Zin and Syrah) and started with the Scallop Di EVO ($14), which was cooked to perfection, at least in my unprofessional opinion. The three large scallops came in a scrumptious butter sage sauce garnished with chopped up granny smith apples that just tickled my taste buds. The appetizer was devoured quickly, but we didn't have to wait long for our entrees.I ordered the Lobster Risotto ($22) which didn't include much Lobster and the risotto needed a little help, but I know cooking Risotto can be a challenge. The hubster ordered the Roasted Chicken ($19) and enjoyed his (so did I), but we made sure to leave room for dessert. I debated between the Chocolate Torte ($6) and the Zeppolini ($6) for about five minutes and finally committed to the Zeppolini (they are small italian doughnuts) which came in a tart raspberry sauce to counter the sugary goodness of the Zeppolini (but I think I would have preferred it without the sauce or at least have it on the side).It was a great night and we will be back. We want to try the pizza and if the other servers are anything like Tony, we will be coming back just for that aspect.
4	Had my birthday dinner here during restaurant week.  Evo was able to accommodate our group of 14 with no problem.When we sat down at the table, I noticed that they had personalized the menus and wrote "Happy Birthday Mimi" at the top of each menu!  I ordered off the restaurant week menu and had the scallops, lobster risotto, and chocolate torte.  All the food was delicious.We wanted to go to smashboxx after dinner which was about a mile away.  Our server asked the manager if he could help us out and he called and had golf carts there in less than 5 minutes to take us to Smashboxx.  Great service, great food, and great ambiance.  I will definitely be back!
4	Went in for just drinks w a large party. Staff was welcoming and they attended to us well.  There was a time lag but that's expected with separate tabs in a large party (20-ish). Great atmosphere. Prices are typical for Scottsdale. No reverse happy hour - this isn't a big deal to me, except that advertise that they do have it. Or at least they did at the time of our visit. They also charge $2 for ice! If you order a rocks drink - expect a stiff charge w your stuff drink.
5	I went to EVO in Old Town  a few times this past weekend and had a great experience!  This restaurant has a combination of excellent food, extremely friendly staff, great wine/cocktail/beer selection, and a really nice fun vibe and ambiance.  In terms of specifics my favorite appetizer was the Polpettina which is delicious meatballs served with garlic bread and tomato sauce.  They definitely don't skimp on the meatballs, and the meat was tender, perfectly cooked, and the tomato sauce and garlic bread were delicious.  The Bruschetta was also really good and it's topped with Beef Tenderloin and asparagus, and again the meat was both cooked very well and it was a very generous amount of beef.The pizza here is also quite good.  I tried two over the past few days, the Pepperoni and the Funghi.  I love pepperoni pizza in general and this one was just done very well and it's the perfect size for either a smaller meal, or to split.  The Funghi pizza was really tasty and in a little added twist the hostess suggested adding some goat cheese to it along with the mozzeralla and that was a great addition.The only entree I tried was the Bistecca which was a very good New York Strip with gorgonzola cheese .  The meat came out exactly as I ordered and the brussel sprouts were really good (and I'm a bit of a brussel sprout snob).I spent most of my time at the bar and enjoyed the wines on tap, along with a very unique and creative cocktail menu.  My favorite cocktail was the El Sugararo which is both delicious and has a nice spicy bite to it.  Everyone that I saw try it really liked it.  The bartenders are all extremely friendly and fun and make you feel at home.  Overall a great experience and a very well run new restaurant!
3	(Lyrics - Imagine Dragons - Radioactive)I'm ordering up shots and drinksI wipe my mouth as I eat the crust (pizza crust)I'm breathing in the aromaticsI'm dining in, reviewing it, then checking out on the foodie busThis is it, the EVO atmosphereYum!I'm eating up, I taste it in my mouthEnough to make my systems blowWelcome to the EVO, to the EVOWelcome to the EVO, to the EVOWhoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, oh, it's EVO Scottsdale, EVO ScottsdaleWhoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, oh, it's EVO Scottsdale, EVO ScottsdaleEVO is located in a location where all the restaurants appear......then disappears.  This is not a joke.  I reviewed several restaurants in that location and none is around.  Now comes EVO.  EVO serves up modern American Italian cuisine. I've heard so much about this place so my foodie friends and I finally convened and went for it.  I did some sharing after a free fireball shot after you check-in with the Yelp App.  Whooo...now my breath smells fresh haha!  My buddy and I ordered the Margarita pizza and added sausage and the EVO salad.  The pizza was okay, kind of tasted like pre-made dough.  The ingredients a top was nothing spectacular.  The EVO salad was my favorite.  Nicely charred kale and brussel sprouts and the pine nuts gave it that extra roast and crunch.  The aroma was nutty and a woody smell.  Overall, one of the best salads I say around!  Service was good and the place itself is really chill and cool.  If anything another round of drinks and the EVO salad is a must. - Enjoy!
3	I couldn't decide between 3 stars and 4 stars...  so here is the breakdown and you can decide.....The good:1.  Excellent service by the wait staff.2.  Reasonably priced.3.  Great decor.4.  Not crazy loud-- you can hear your dinner conversation.5.  Takes reservations.The bad:1.  Limited menu options.2.  Execution of food wasn't great, but not bad.I would go back, but I can't imagine myself saying, "Wow, I am craving EVO!" anytime soon...
5	I came here for a special dinner with my family and boyfriend. I have no complaints about this restaurant. The location is easy to find, the food was really yummy and not too expensive. We ordered bruschetta, pasta, pizza, salads, and sandwiches and our entire party liked everything we got.The waitress was very attentive and nice. We also checked in and got two 1cent Fireball shots which was a little awkward with my 50-something parents there but it was still awesome! One thing to keep in mind is that most of the restaurant is taken up by a bar and it caters to a younger, hipper crowd. The lighting was very dark and my parents and aunt were whipping out their phones to try and read the menu x). Anyway, I'd definitely come back but my parents would probably prefer somewhere with brighter lighting.
5	I adore this place! The food is always fresh, the cocktail & wine selection is amazing, the decor is romantic yet playful and the service is always on par. The happy hour is one of my favorite in Old Town. A must try!!!
5	This place was delicious. Perfect date night location and service was great. Definitely coming back! EVO salad with shrimp, fried risotto balls, and mini donuts for desert...yum.
5	Cannot beat their happy hour! Delicious Italianish food and a great drink menu!  The energy is upbeat and they serve food until 1:30am! No more late night jack in the box binges! :) We went on a Sunday and got to enjoy love music and half off bottles of wine! Needless to say I will be back!
3	Fun atmosphere and good food, overall.   Not a "can't miss" type place, but solid.
4	Be sure to check in to get a fireball shot for just a penny!Went here on Halloween to try it out and was very pleased with the food. I ordered the bolognese and before I knew it I had scraped my plate clean. My girlfriend had the fried kale salad and loved it but her pears tasted a bit like cleaning product which the server attributed to mixing with balsamic and whatever else was in the salad. It didn't change the flavor of the salad, just a bit confusing when eating the pears within it.I can't wait to go back and try the pizza, it looked extremely delicious!
3	Ah EVO, the ball was dropped for me this weekend. I came into the restaurant on Friday for a dinner with a bunch of friends, and maybe my expectations were a little too high. The previous few times I've come in for happy hour in the bar and everything has been great - from the apps to the service. The bar has always been great. However, this particular night, the food was lacking and the service was spotty...at best.From the time we sat down, there was easily a 15 minute wait before anyone came to the table to greet the party and take a drink order - let alone bring water to the group. It took so long that my buddy and I went to the bar to get drinks for us and our lady friends (plus the 1 cent shot of Fireball upon using your Yelp check-in). When the drinks went dry, lo-and-behold, the server never came by asking to get in a drink order from us, so again we went to the bar. Only this time, the server fervently came up and asked, "hey have I not been to the table enough? Is that why you guys are coming up and ordering from the bar?" Uhhh - yeah, that would be an accurate assessment of the situation, glad you caught it when we were AT THE BAR ordering drinks.As someone who worked in the service industry for 7 years, on the floor and behind the bar, I don't ever think there would be a situation where asking a guest why they're ordering from the bar instead of the server would be appropriate (maybe from a Management standpoint - but not from the server). And if your inclination is because you haven't been attentive enough to the table, maybe the intuition you have regarding the situation is the correct one. The food reviews were mixed as the apps and salads were good, but the entrees of pasta that myself and my girlfriend had were lacking in flavor. The spicy shrimp pasta was extremely oily and unappetizing. The service on the floor was poor, especially considering it was a Friday night, and the restaurant was not that busy for the latter part of the evening. The bar service was on point per usual which is why I still have given the restaurant 3 stars. I realize this review is lengthy, and if you've made it this far down, congrats. However, quality and attentive service in a restaurant is of paramount importance. In many cases, it can even make up for a poorly executed entree experience. Friday night, it just wasn't there on the dining room floor. I'll come back to EVO for happy hour, but for dinner, I'm not quite so sure.
3	I went here with a couple friends for happy hour at 5pm on a Wednesday and was pleased with the atmosphere, crowd, food but not so much the service. Its a trendy and slightly upscale place and was perfect for stopping by after a long day at work for some food and drinks. It could also be a good date night spot. We ordered off the HH menu the shrimp brushetta, Funghi Pizza, and Steak Sandwich. They were all very flavorful and well priced. Unfortunately I was driving so I didn't have anything to drink but I will say that all draft and bottled beers were $3 and their Signature Drinks were only $6 and looked amazing!  Once we were seated by our hostess we spent a lot of time waiting around for our waitress. We were seated in the bar area and even though there were very few people in the restaurant everything from our drinks to our food seemed to take way to long (20-30min). Our waitress wasn't at all attentive or at all friendly and would disappear every times we needed something. Overall, the food and drinks for HH were good and I would return because of that and pray we get better service our next visit:)
4	Staff is friendly and food is pretty good.  Will def be back!
5	We returned for a Saturday night happy hr and sat at the bar. Both my husband and I were commenting on how the ambience has a nice warm feel to it. A coziness, if you would. Our bartender was very friendly and both of us got wine on tap for $5. Wine on tap you ask? Oh yes, and it was goooood. Their food selection for HH includes a few pizzas, which looked and smelled great, and a couple other small plates. We were just in for a quick drink so we'll have to sample something next time. I think we need to start coming here more often!
4	Had a great first experience there, the staff was polite and attentive.  The food was prepared great and portions I felt were just right. Plus they have my favorite dessert on the menu, the Adult Float :)
3	This is a great old town restaurant with a cool vibe and a house playlist in the background. More of a "classic" menu unlike all the cookie cutter Fox concept newspaper menu BS in all necks of the woods. We had a larger table and a couple of our dishes were subpar, but for the most part it was good enough and a pretty fun spot to kick start the evening.
5	Great location and parking. Attentive staff. Very cute great place for date or small gatherings. Food high-quality, deliciously prepared, balanced and well executed.
5	Great homemade pasta and ambiance. I highly recommend. Try the Chili Shrimp or the happy hour pizza for $7.00 is amazing
5	Great food! Wonderful friendly and great service. OLD TOWN Scottsdale Area and it is only a stones throw from my office.  Nick is the owner, Rosio the day time bartender, Jason, Brandon, Kayley, Ryan are evening bartenders and Katrina is one of the several beautiful hostesses.  All welcome you with open arms and they just added a salad recipe that is awesome! Try it.One of the many venues in OLD TOWN that is frequented by me and my friends.
4	Great food, super service.  We came in, sat down, and staff told us they had two large parties, but they would be good to us and they were.  A little bread while we waited, and yummy cocktails.  Then appetizers to die for-try the arancini!  So much food, we barely could split a pizza. Thin crust, freshly made, I was only sorry I was too full to try the pasta.   We stumbled into the place in the rain, but we will be back!
4	We had a good experience here.  The ambiance was great, and the servers were very friendly and attentive.  Our only complaint was that the lobster risotto was VERY bland, and for a $24 dish, we expected a bit more.  However, the penny shots of Fireball, thanks to out Yelp checkin, more than made up for it.  Overall, I'd give EVO a .
5	Wine on tap? I think that's an automatic 5 stars. Went to EVO for a mid-week happy hour and was not in the least disappointed. We sat at the bar for drinks and snacks and could not have been more content with the experience.The happy hour menu is slightly short on the edible choices for a vegetarian, but they happily made the arancini with marinara instead of meat sauce and were totally cool with splitting a pizza half meat/half veg. Our bartender was so sweet and accommodating, we even got 2 rounds of pretty addicting ciabatta and olive oil as we wrapped up our second glass of beverages. I love that the red wine is served lightly chilled, just the way I like it!Though in a rather inconspicuous location that has been somewhat of a revolving door for restaurants in the past year or so, I truly hope EVO breaks the streak and stays for good. The low-lighting, speakeasy atmosphere is romantic and laid back at the same time. The crowd is energizing without being invasive. And being only 2 miles away, I hope to become more of a regular before EVO becomes too trendy in Old Town :)
3	Want to support this local innovative restaurant.  Started out at the bar while waiting for our friend.  Fabulous bartender offered up sample of blueberry vodka.  We tried several of their creative drinks which were delicious.  Would definitely go back for Happy Hour.  Once we were sat with our friends for dinner, the service was not as attentive.  The server also seemed inexperienced and didn't handle our order properly.  The EVO salad was fantastic.  We tried the salmon dish, the lobster risotto and the steak. The dinner was not very exciting.  We will go back for Happy Hour and hope that they tweak their dinner menu and service.
5	Wow! I had high expectations for Evo, and they were surpassed this afternoon! The atmosphere is delightful, and both food and service were amazing! The Evo Salad, Chili Shrimp Pasta, Gorgonzola Pizza, desserts and cocktails were spectacular! I can't wait to go back and am recommending this restaurant to all friends and family!
4	Great new addition to Old Town Scottsdale!  We stopped in for dinner last Saturday night and had a great experience.  The atmosphere is comfortable and laid back, the service was great and the food was reasonably priced and quite tasty.  We enjoyed the arancini and meatballs to start followed by the lobster risotto and capellini for our entrees.  It was great that they offered their happy hour menu in the dining room as well...total bonus!We visited some of the other restaurants in the space prior and really hope that this one makes it...I think they've got it right!
5	Amazing food, great atmosphere and of course the amazing and beautiful Jessie to serve you your food and libations.  Who could ask for more?!?!out of 5 stars I give it a 505!!!
5	We ended up looking for dinner later than expected (cough10pmcough) and realized that our options were few.  Someone at our hotel recommended that we check out EVO, and I'm so glad they did!We started out with the gorgonzola pizza, which was awesome and came out quickly. From that we moved on to two of the housemade pastas, the fettuccine and the heirloom tomato, I believe. Everything was great. The dishes all shared a certain richness, but none were heavy. Everything was very satisfying. I'll definitely be back!
5	We had a great early dinner at Evo. The ambiance was very relaxing, nice atmosphere. The pizza was great and don't forget to check in and get your check in special! Justin was especially friendly and very attentive. We are planning to get back there soon!
4	Went here for Happy Hour. Decent wines for reduced prices. The lobster Risotto was pretty good. The lobster was a little chewy and it was not broken into small pieces. Overall a good dish and nice place. I would try a diff dish if I was ever back at Evo
3	This place is truly a 3.5. The decor is nice, the wait staff very attentive, and atmosphere    modern. The food and drinks are all good and fairly creative. I will say that the EVO salad is probably the most unusual salad I have ever eaten. The kale and Brussel sprouts were fried crisp so the salad is warm. I definitely recommend, if you like trying something unique. It's worth the adventure. The chili shrimp pasta was good, it just didn't wow us. Overall I have no complaints about the restaurant at all. They Yelp fireball shot is a great perk. I would go back again just can't quite give it 4 stars.
4	ok food drink are great
3	It was good... Not amazing but good.
5	we came back here for their happy hour specials last night. arrived at 6pm and self-seated at the bar. waited about 10 minutes, grabbed our own menus. i was getting a little peeved at having to wait for a drink. as my buddy James says "if i don't have a drink in my hand within 3 minutes, i'm outta here". luckily, we were approached shortly thereafter by a server. when we ordered 2 reds off their tap, my heart sank when he said they were out of reds on tap. we were supposed to be meeting a few other folks, so i immediately jumped on yelp to find other wine bar happy hours. meanwhile, the wife tells our server it's her birthday and the only reason we came to evo was for the wine happy hour. in his most pleasant voice, our server says "let me see what i can do". he returned in a few minutes with 2 pinot noirs on happy hour prices. and the remainder of the evening, he was quite possibly the sweetest, nicest server we've ever had. AND....evo must consistently hire these folks because our previous 2 visits, we experienced the same sincere and great food/drink service. i hate i don't remember his name, but i should stop by and commend him to his manager. we ordered a few more glasses and a funghi flatbread which was absolutely delicious by the way. again, discount my initial frustration....evo is simply a great place.
4	Great atmosphere and decor..a welcome change from the chains and anchor restaurants in the area that all feel the same. My wife could not stop raving about the EVO salad so safe to recommend that along with my Caesar. Only slight complaint is how fast our food came... Would've have liked things slowed down a bit more since the place is so inviting. We will be back.
5	The happy hour specials are great!  We love coming here to try the hand crafted cocktails - they're so good, and food is yummy as well.  I definitely recommend this place for a chill night out.
5	What a wonderful surprise! Evo has great food, service and ambience. We just dropped in after shopping at the nearby Fashion Square for happy hour. We had the mushroom pizza and the kale salad. Best salad ever! Don't miss out on this great new restaurant.
5	Amazing food. The service was terrific and the good was innovative.I am looking forward to go back!
2	We went here for New Years tonight and it was such a disappointment. When I called to make the reservation the woman on the phone actually asked me if my party could be done eating by 8 because they had another party. Still went, based on reviews and the menu we were pumped to try some place new. When we arrived we learned it was a select menu that only had 3 options for each section and they were not necessarily the best options, nothing to do with Italian food except one pasta dish. My pasta along with others rice pilaf was in need of seasoning and my pasta has lobster in it that you had a hard time tasting. Those in my party that had the lamb chop said it was great but very very rare. Atmosphere is nice and intimate. It was a shame, if they had their whole menu available we might have found a reason to come back, but everyone in my party agreed next time this place is a pass.
3	There was a set menu for New Year's Eve. I had the lobster pasta and it was pretty mediocre. For the money there is a long list of other old tons spots if go to.
5	Let's support local restaurants, not chains.   Came here last night to celebrate my birthday.  I originally reserved for 24 people at 7:30, a few other people showed up, unexpectedly.      Nick, the owner, was very accommodating to my extra guests.   The whole staff did an amazing job servicing my whole party.   Being in the restaurant industry years ago, I know how complicated it is to cater a large party, on top of that-the restaurant itself was busy.   Food was excellent, wait staff was very courteous, lots of smiles, good times, and decor is cute cute cute.^_^  One of my guest said that she loved her red wine, which came from a keg-chilled.   I was slightly disappointed that they didn't offer braised Rabbit Bolognese, which i had when the restaurant first opened.  So i opt to choose the Bolognese with meatballs, every bite was orgasmic, and hearty.    The sauce was tangy which I love. I also tried their Lobster Risotto.  Risotto was cooked perfectly, the consistency of the texture sauce was spot on.  There was other great feedbacks.  I'm glad to have shared this unique Italia experience in Scottsdale with my friends.
5	Cam here for happy hour, which they have every day!! Great selection, tried a few different items and was not disappointed with anything, all very fresh tasting. They have a great drink selection as well and lots of fun drinks that taste natural and not super fake surgery like a lot of places. Can't wait to go back!
5	While I was in Phoenix for a project, I frequently worked late nights. As such, my dining options were extremely limited. Enter Evo. Initially introduced to Evo by a friend of mine, I started coming here more and more as I stayed in the Old Town area to escape the Hi-Fi Kitchen douchebaggery.This place attracts a lot of the service industry crowd at night and is a great place to relax and enjoy a nice glass of Bell's Two-Hearted Ale, which is on tap. Additionally along with other beers on tap, they also have wine, Fernet Branca (yes!) and Fireball on tap. And...maybe they still have bottles of SLO Down's Sexual Chocolate, which is a luscious Syrah blend...I've never sat at the tables, but I've received excellent service from Jason and Jessy and the rest of the staff seated at the sometimes crowded bar. Nick recognized me from frequent visits, introduced himself to me, and always took time to welcome me on my return visits.I've met some great locals here, had great drinks (see above Bell's THA and Fernet reference), and had great food. Food-wise, my favorites were the Pasta Bolognese, Scallop di Evo, and the Evo Salad w/ Scallops (see photo). Unfortunately I didn't try any of the other dishes.As an homage, after working in the Phoenix/Tempe area and traveling back-and-forth for the better part of 2 years and 8 months, this was where I drank away my final night with friends.As someone who travels close to 100% of the time, it's always awesome to find a "home" away from home. And this place certainly fits the bill.
3	Was really looking forward to trying this place after reading the awesome reviews. I must say I was a little disappointed. We sat at the bar and I must start by say that the bartenders were friendly, attentive and made a good drink. We started with the tenderloin bruschetta which was rather disappointing, the "tenderloin" was not like any tenderloin I have ever had, I ended up spitting out more than I could chew due to all the fat and gristle. For entrees we tried the lobster risotto and the New York strip dinners. First off, very overpriced and mediocre flavors to both. And I believe this is the only place I have ever been where your dinner does not come with a soup or salad to start until I came to Evo. $32 for New York strip dinner and $24 for the Lobster risotto I though was a little much for what you get. 3 stars only due to the cleanliness and service.
3	Heard a lot about this place and it was just average.  Nothing stood out, there's so many great restaurants in scottsdale I don't see myself going back
4	Whether you're looking for a light Italian meal before a night of clubbing, or just want to check out some late-night bite offerings in Old Town Scottsdale, EVO is a recently opened spot worth checking out. I saw a packed house when I went there for some pre-local show grub on a recent Friday night.The restaurant is just how I like it -- dim lighting with candlelit tables, along with an expansive bar serving up tasty cocktails amid the pretty people crowd. The cocktails (all $10) are strong and infused with fresh ingredients. I loved the Grapefruit Basil, infused with fresh basil.For dinner, my pal and I sampled so many of the delicious offerings. Let's start with the Risotto Balls ($5). They usually come in a meat sauce, but we got ours vegetarian. It's fried risotto in a tomato sauce -- every bite was scrumptious, and it's a perfect portion to share as an appetizer.We also shared the Evo Salad ($10), with Brussels sprouts, kale, pear, and pine nuts -- again, we made ours vegetarian and skipped the pancetta. I never in my life would eat Brussels sprouts willingly, but this salad had me dipping my fork in again and again. I loved the crispy texture, and now, at least at EVO, I'm a Brussels sprouts fan.We dug into the Caprese salad ($10), which, compared to some of my faves around the Valley, stacked up just fine. Again, this is a great light appetizer before hitting the town.Finally, we noshed on a Margherita pizza ($11), one that almost rivaled what I've had at my favorite Valley pizza place, Cibo. Everything at EVO just tasted super-fresh and handmade, and with impeccable service, the experience was delightful.One of the coolest things about EVO is that it's open late-night, which has been a hit with the Old Town Scottsdale service industry looking to wind down. The spot's late night menu is served until 1:30 a.m. every night, and Sunday's would also be a fun night to go, since there is live music and half-off bottles of wine all night.
4	I went to EVO for the first time on New Year's Eve with 6 friends. They had a prefix menu for $45 that also came with a class of bubbly. All the dishes we had were amazing both health and for the meat lover. Our waitress could have been a little nicer she seemed like we were putting her out of her way and wasn't enjoying the evening. The vibes were cool and comfortable and very relaxed!
4	Nice late-night destination, and a far quieter and more peaceful alternative to Mabel's. Good appetizer menu with ok prices. Comfortable surroundings. Cool clientele. I'll be back
5	My husband and I went here for the first time last night. We sat at the bar and had drinks before our dinner reservation. The bar tenders were so friendly, and very knowledgable. The happy hour specials from 4-7 daily are awesome. The "sunrise" bourbon drink is delish. I had the chile shrimp pasta for dinner and it was amazing! The red sauce was light, and the pasta was very fresh. My husband had the salmon and was very pleased. We also shared the roasted brussel sprouts - a great addition to our meals. We will definitely go back!
4	Put on your most expensive dark wash jeans and pay homage to "so Scottsdale" at EVO, in all the best ways.The name, combined with the upscale-casual, verging-on-tacky-but-still-posh vibes you sense upon entry should immediately tip you off. This place is Scottsdale as fuhhh, but then, the hip music selection and chic booths ease you into it, and you're like, "yeah. I can dig this."Fast forward four and a half minutes: you're ordering bruschetta of the day (ours had pea shoots and crab), kale salad (complete with crispy brussels sprouts, pear, goat cheese, and pine nuts), and trendy thin crust pizzas. You're sipping something bubbly. Life is good. Finish the experience full force and hop in your BMW, head back to NoSco, and watch Orange is the New Black on Tivo. Doze off peacefully on your Tempurpedic, memories of good times at EVO floating through your perfect little head.
4	If it wasnt for the dog in the bar I would have given it a 5I have been here before but this sunday for lunch a guy came in carrying his dog, thankfully the bar tender said the dog couldnt run around.  However i dont feel comfortable about a doggy being IN the restaurant/bar.  Sorry gross.On a positive note..EVO salad is amazing.  Grapefruit basil drink is so good.
4	evo salad was awesome... Waiter was really nice and explained the menu for us, recommended some really good pastas, the cocktails were amazing.  it was a friday night and was incredibly busy so we had to sit at the bar.  make sure to make reservations! check in and you get a fireball shot!!
5	This is by far my favorite place to hang out and eat in Old Town. The staff is amazing, the Evo Salad is unbelievable and the pasta is terrific! Love love love Evo!
5	My husband and I had a wonderful dinner tonight at EVO. The food is SOLID and did not disappoint. The staff is friendly and prompt.  Would highly recommend.
5	Had a great lunch today at EVO with my 3 daughters.  Chelsie was our server and she did an amazing job!
5	Awesome meatballs and wedding soup. My new spot. Chelsea is great and Nick the owner has a passion for excellence!! Get in here. You won't be disappointed!! And they're about to expand their patio??? Major score!
5	Once again the food is AMAZING, the atmosphere AWESOME, and the BEAUTIFUL Jessie delivers exceptional service! I really love this place!
3	Saturday night at EVO was busy and loud with amazing people watching.  Interesting name, as no EVO in sight. Beet salad was good, not great. EVO salad (Brussels sprouts, fried kale) very good. Arancia (coated, fried risotto) good.  Pork belly app terrific. Pork belly risotto very tasty, but could have used more meat.  (Same risotto, by the way, as the risotto app, so no need to get both.) spicy shrimp pasta tasty, nice burn.  At 50, we clearly were 20-25 older than virtually every other diner.  Interesting place with interesting but not out standing food.  Good but not excellent service. Reasonable pricing. Too loud to be able to sit at a big table and engage in conversation.
5	You know when you get to the end of a dish and you're sad to eat that last bite that it's time to write a Yelp review.  EVO is SERIOUSLY delish. What are a few of my favorite things?  There is a reason that everyone raves about the EVO Salad- it sounds a little bizarre when you hear "flash fried brussel sprouts," but trust me, do NOT miss this one.  It is the perfect combo of crispy and smooth, sweet and salty, hard to describe, but absolutely spot on.  I love the Gorgonzola Pizza just as much, I actually just ate my last piece as a late night snack and was wishing that I had saved a few more slices!  If you like thin crust and  blue cheese, this is for you, the honey drizzled on top really makes the dish.  Finally, I always get the Chocolate Torte, it's a chocolately, marshmellowy, deconstructed little number with a bit of crunch to keep it interesting.  Bottom line, you will love the food at this place, and the ambiance is beautiful as well.
5	Amazing food and amazing drinks. They are open all the time and all the bartenders are super amazing! I love their signature drinks! Every staff member is phenomenal! Hell I'm here every night almost and I even send my clientele to them! A must visit!
2	For the price point of this restaurant along with the location, there are much better options around this area.I had the EVO salad for my appetizer, which was amazingly delicious.  I enjoyed every bite of it.  For my entree, I ordered the vegetable risotto.  The risotto tasted like Uncle Ben's white rice.  It was overcooked, mushy, and watery with absolutely no flavor.  When I complained to the server, the response was "We get that it's bland a lot."  With no apology or offer to talk to the manager.  The service was just okay.  Our server seemed to only have three tables, but rarely checked on us.If I returned to EVO, it would be for just the EVO Salad.
4	We loved the pizza.  Everything here is tasty.  Parking is easy right by the front door or around back.  Go check out the happy hour; good deals and well priced.
5	We had a wonderful meal at EVO. The service was great, I enjoyed my drink (Cantaloupe Tiny) and ambiance. I had the EVO salad and ate every bite. Roasting the kale and Brussels sprouts brings out their flavor and adding goat cheese just rounded it perfectly. I had the pork belly risotto and it wasn't watery or flavorless. It was probably on the salty side but I like salty so it wasn't a problem for me, it was very good. My husband had the pasta Alfredo and enjoyed it as well. For desserts they were out of the tiramisu so we ordered the zeppolini and they were delicious. Our waiter even brought me a little side of Nutella.  They have a parking lot which is a huge plus, not having to go around looking were to park. We'll certainly come back.
1	Singlehandedly, the worst experience of my entire life. I have never, ever had this bad of an experience. Do not, whatever, you do, patronize this place. The owner has absolutely no clue what he is doing. Did you ever see that Amy's Baking Co. on Kitchen Nightmares? This place is right up there with that.I went in there on Saturday February 23rd as I was in the area and had dinner plans with friends and got a menu. It looked good so I called back an hour later to see about resverations. The girl said they were booked for a private party from 6-8 but to come in around 7:30 and sit at the bar and then we would get seated at 8 or shortly after. We waited and waited and finally said we would just eat at the bar at 9. They said we could not order food; only cokctails at this point. I told them what I had been told by the person on the phone and I said to not worry we were leaving anyway. They insisted we wait for the owner who came over and said he was sorry about the confusion and here was his card. What the deuce? I just waited 15 minutes for some dude to come over and give me his card? We had just spent-and I am not kidding- $100 on drinks at that point as one person in our group drinks very spendy vodka. This owner dude did not offer us any anything, nothing, for the huge inconvenience we had incurred. Jeez, cheap ass, just comp a round of drinks! We are not a group who goes around looking for free stuff-all of us can freely spend on going out..it was just the fact that this owner was so damn cheap he wouldn't even offer anything. Yuck. I will never go back ever. The bartender was so embarrassed, too. I felt sorry for him. bottom line...STAY AWAY.
1	Horrible risotto balls. No flavor at all. Sevice was sterile. Dead flowers on the table. Why?Pizza was odd tasting and chewy. All the good table were open and they said they were all "reserved". Lame to say that to a customer at 4:30pm on a Friday. By the time we left, all those tables were still open. This earned them a 1 star. You have to learn how to treat people!!
5	Without a doubt best new restaurant in old town. Late night food, great service, amazing atmosphere! What more can you ask for! Ask for Jessie she is great!
3	I love the atmosphere here! It's a great place to grab a drink and the staff is friendly and helpful.I recently went here for an event so I got to try a couple different menu items. The EVO salad is good for something different, but pretty rich. I really liked their pizza- it was simple and delicious.
5	Had a paint nite event here, our waiter during the event was Nick & he was great. The entire staff is extremely friendly & the service was amazing. After the event we stayed for dinner. Jarness was our server, he let us know of the shrimp bruschetta special. The selection of wine was great, I enjoyed a nice glass of Rosenblum Zinfindale with the lamb chops paired with blue cheese risotto & brussel sprouts. Everything was amazing & I'll be back!
5	This place is awesome!  Six of us sat at the bar and chatted with the owner and bartenders...what a great group of guys.  Couldn't have asked for a better dining experience.  EVO  is the real deal -- amazing food, creative cocktails, hospitable service, all in a chic and trendy atmosphere.  You will not be disappointed!  LOVE, LOVE this place!!
4	The atmosphere was quaint but cozy and comfortable.  Food was AMAZING!  The kale salad was off the hook..would definitely go back.
3	I will start off with the positives. The building itself, location, and decor felt warm and trendy. It had a very "cool" feel to it. The drinks were tasty but the amount of alcohal you got for the price didnt quite match on some of the cocktails. They are not very good at making modifications to the dinner items and they ran out of some of the stuff on the menu that night which seemed odd. The service was also very slow and sloppy in terms of knowing who ordered what and which drink had what alcohol in it. We had to do taste tests thanks to the waiter not knowing what he even had in his hands. Overall, I was there with a larger party and the food was good for some and bad for others. The service was average and all over the place. 3 stars sounds about right.
3	First of all, the service here is great.  Our server had a fun personality, the hostess was very friendly, and the manager seemed kind as well.The ambiance is very nice as well, though I feel really bad for whoever has to light all those candles.  There are A LOT of them.Unfortunately the food wasn't great.  The bruschetta we had was literally shrimp on bread, and both my steak sandwich and my date's pizza were just OK.  It took probably 30 minutes for our entrees to come out.  Maybe they were short-staffed that night, and maybe other nights the food is better, but what we experienced wasn't as good as we hoped it would be.
1	So we walk up to the place around 545pm, there's a sign out that says happy hour 4-7pm amongst other hour information, and the girl looks up at us and says, "we're not open".  At first we think she's kidding, but no, apparently not.  No explanation, no nothing.  So after a moment of awkward silence we turn around and look for another establishment in Old Town Scottsdale that will take our money, and hopefully is actually open for business when all signs seem to point to yes.  Rude!
3	I have had mostly good experiences at EVO and one that was very disappointing.On several occasions, we have enjoyed either happy hour or dinner. The food is tasty and I appreciate the vegetarian options. Most of the time, the service is good. The one time exception that I have not been able to push from my memory was for a friend's birthday party. We were a party of 14 and from the beginning, the night was a mess. It took 20 minutes for our server to greet us and take our drink orders (without much of an apology.) I ordered the vegetable risotto which came out 30 minutes after everyone had received their food. I essentially ate by myself and when the house manager came over to make amends, he gave two other people refills on their drinks. It was very strange and while I have not experienced anything like that since, it bumped EVO down on my list.
1	Never again!My previous experiences at Evo were a mixed bag. One waitress/bartender made one visit unpleasant, but the other visit was fun, and the food was good. This time I went with a group to a wine tasting event. The details of the event said Happy Hour was being extended for attendees, because we brought 60 people into the place. But when I was ready for an after-tasting glass of wine and some food, I was told that only drinks were available at happy hour rates. It's not the trivial price difference that bothers me, it's being treated like a sucker instead of a friend. I don't know, and I don't care, whether it was a mistake, miscommunication, misunderstanding, or Miss Congeniality.... if you advertise something, you deliver it. Evo doesn't seem to get that, based on the other reviews.I've met the owner, and he treated us well the first time I visited, but his bartenders are consistently arrogant and rude. Their attitude, which was "that's what the boss told me, deal with it", was the final insult. This review is how I'm "dealing with it".
5	This place is extremely trendy and awesomeness....Jason and Chelsea was really awesome! We all had a great a really good time!
5	Jason is a great bartender! The best ever. He's awesomeness :)!!!! He's fast and kind and really cool
4	We were not greeted for at least 4 min despite the server making eye contact much earlier.  Once she acknowledged us she immediately suggested the bar.  We preferred a table so she sat us at a high top.  I asked for suggestions which she made some great ones.  She gave us water and told us our server would come. Someone else finally came much later apparently he was not supposed to be our server. From the time we were sat till we got our drinks took about 20min. Fireballs - for a penny with check in were fairly large.  German Riesling - can't go wrong!Caprese salad - fresh and tastyAlfredo - great taste. Would have been excellent with more sauce. Pepperoni Pizza - was very good Food was great we finished every bite.  They lose a star because of the service. However the other server Jarness redeemed our experience.
3	I will say that this is my first restaurant in Scottsdale, so my rating can not be comparative. I can tell you that the staff are excellent. They were friendly , accommodating and whenever I see a restaurant with teamwork I know it is run well. I loved the menu and they had a fair amount of gluten free options. I personally just thought the food was fair. And because it is a restaurant, it has to bring the rating down a bit. They were excessive on sauces and the steak was not great. All in all, I enjoyed it but would choose something different next time.
3	It's tough to write a review when our experience hosted both top-notch AND crappy aspects. So, 3/5 it is.I called Saturday midday to reserve a birthday party table for 8 and they happily set it up for that night. When we got there, they had printed "Happy Birthday, Stephanie!" at the top of the menus...nice touch! We also checked in on Yelp for .1c fireball shots. Great way to start off the evening. We immediately got a round of wine and cocktails while we perused the menu. They had a $6 wine of the night, and it was really good.Unfortunately, it went downhill QUICK. Our server was nice enough when at the table, but neglected to come around...hardly at all. We weren't ready right away, so asked for a few minutes with the menus....we waited so long for her to come back that we ended up getting the hostess to send someone over. By that time, all our drinks were dry, and everyone was starving. So, we placed our orders, and waited. and waited.and waited.then a salad came out....so that girl sat with her dinner in front of her for another 10 minutes while the rest of us waited on our hot food.It wasn't that busy, and I am typically very lenient on high-volume kitchens, but this was really out of control. The wait wouldn't have been so bad if we didn't have to hunt someone down for every water refill or new cocktail. We finally got our food after 50 minutes, and (you guessed it) one of the pizzas was wrong...unfortunately it wasn't a situation where she could just deal with it due to allergies. The pizza was remade but didn't come out until everyone else was finished. Awkward.The manager came over and was very chipper, but didn't offer to do anything to make it better. Another round of .1c shots or a 'comped pizza would have gone a long way.The icing on the missing birthday cake was just that--all evening there were bday desserts being delivered, with candles, sometimes with a song. Our server just dropped the check and walked away. We almost just dismissed it, but we could tell the bday girl was disappointed so, again, someone went to talk to the hostess. Eventually the server brought out a complimentary dessert, but without a candle, and with an evident side of grudge. It was just such a damper on what had started out so well. I will go back some time and see if another server offers a better experience--the vibe of the place is definitely cool and I like the location a lot.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant for a friend's birthday celebration.  The best part was the cheap Fireball shots with the check-in deal.  Also the food was very good!  But whiskey is my weakness...
4	The risotto was really good. Been to many places where it isn't done correctly. They did it right. It's noisy which doesn't bother me but just an FYI.. We really  had good service by a waitress named Taylor. Menu isn't very lengthy which I personally like but there were no specials.
3	I came here with two other gals to celebrate my coworker's big 2-9. She'd heard good things about EVO and scooped up a Local Dines deal so we were ready and excited to try the place out.We walked in a tad late (sorry!) for our 8:00 reso on a Saturday night. The place wasn't PACKED, but had a healthy amount of tables. A bachelorette party, a large birthday gathering, a few couples at two-tops and a few other girl groups filled about half the dining room.Service was a little confused at first. I'm not sure if they have sections or if one server was in the weeds or what, but we had both a guy and girl start off greeting us, then the girl took our drink order, then the guy came back for our drink order. It was figured out though, and we perused the short and sweet menu. We looked at the appetizer section but they all seemed a little too heavy. In other reviews it seems like they got bread/olive oil before their meals came? We didn't get that.I opted for the vegetable risotto, which was completely delicious. It wasn't a bogged down risotto (I mean, it was as "light" as a risotto can be), with ample amounts of veggies dispersed throughout the dish. It was perfect for spring. The two other girls I was with got the Alfredo with chicken, which also didn't look too heavy or drowning in white sauce either. That's a nice touch with Italian food.I felt like our server wanted to strangle us when we ordered a 2nd bottle of bubbly--maybe that's just my years of service industry talking but it just seemed like she didn't. wanna. be there. Hey, we were celebrating a birthday! When we were ready to leave, splitting the check and putting on the Local Dines deal was no problem, so that was nice.All in all, I'd definitely go back to EVO; the food was really delicious. I just won't go RUNNING back.
5	went in to evo last night to for the first time with my girlfriend, they had awesome live music and 1/2 off bottles of wine. very awesome find!
3	Just ok....
4	I've been here twice so far... once for happy hour and once during regular dinner time. The happy hour was really good (the cheese bread was surprisingly DELICIOUS, better than the pizza actually) and great pricing for what you get. We checked in to get the complimentary Fireball shots which ended up being pretty smart on their part because everyone in our party continued to drink, haha.During dinner, I had the EVO salad and the bolognese pasta. My two friends really loved the salad but it was a bit too balsamic-y for my taste. I would have liked a little bit more of another flavor to balance out. The bolognese though was fantastic (how can you mess up my favorite food though). I would definitely recommend.
5	One of my favorite spots to go with my gf Alex for the happy hour wines and awesome cocktails. Menu is fantastic, literally everything is made fresh in-house from dough to yucca chips. You have to try the pizzas, chicken sandwich, or bruschetta.. But for dessert you HAVE to get the zeppolini's (Italian donut-holes). UNREAL. Made fresh in-house, lightly dusted with sugar and cinnamon, and when you pull them apart they steam... Then you dunk them in the chilled, house-made vanilla bean frosting.. and, ugh. It's just so damn good.
4	A great happy hour spot in Scottsdale. Really good specials that go until 7:00 pm. They have $3 beers, $4 well drinks, $5 wines and $6 cocktails. My go-to menu items have become the fried risotto balls (so good!) and the pizza. I've tried the Funghi Pizza - it's pretty good even though I hate mushrooms. They also have a regular pepperoni pizza on their happy hour menu. Their bruschetta changes daily and is hit or miss - the first time I ordered it, it was great. The second time... not so much. The handmade pasta is good too. Overall a great value - I'll definitely be back.
4	This place was really great! Plus, if you check in on Yelp, you get a penny shot! :)
5	I am not usually one to write a review for yelp. However, I was so very impressed with my experience at EVO last night I felt motivated to share. After getting off work late, (around 10pm) I was looking for a place I could eat late that wasn't typical bar food. My boyfriend recommended EVO saying it was good food and friendly service. This was an understatement. Upon arriving, I was pleased with the atmosphere. Hip, with good music, where you could still easily enjoy conversation. We sat at a beautiful bar with smiling bartenders who handed us menus without being asked and helped me find a wine I enjoyed. We were then greeted by the Chef, Chops, who knew my boyfriend but was meeting me for the first time. I was so impressed by his enthusiasm for the food and his warm, welcoming demeanor, just a great guy! He recommended a few plates including the Charcuterie, Broccoli, and EVO Salad. I was starved and could not wait to eat but was not prepared for the awesome amount of food placed in front of us. The Charcuterie was HUGE and had an incredible assortment of flavors, including a number of new surprises. The Broccoli, also a large portion, transformed a simple vegetable into an awesome meal. The EVO salad was full of new flavors as well and will become a staple for me at EVO. Overall, our experience was such that I can not wait to return, try more of the menu, and enjoy great service. Nicely Done EVO!
5	Came here for happy hour and enjoyed the daily bruschetta (which had some pork butter that was very awesome and savory to the point where I would take the corners/pieces of the bread that had no pork butter and dip it back on the plate for the fallen drips of pork butter!), funghi pizza with various roasted mushrooms, pecorino cheese and mozzarella and sauce, and the BB&T cocktail out on the patio. The waiter was a very happy-go-lucky and hilarious guy! Had a great time and will come back again!
5	After going to 5th and Wine and having them close at way early, we decided to come to Evo.  My girl has never been there, and she only somewhat trusts my judgment in food... (If you look at the other things I have reviewed... you would understand why.. Pranksters Too and Los Betos... I like easy and cheap.. when it comes to food... not girls.)Walking into Evo, the atmosphere is a laid back place where people from all walks of life can go hang out... as long as you have a little cash, because it is a little on the pricey side.  God, I am making my self sound like a broke ass.... but for good reason... I am... so there is that.  Anyways... We sat down at the corner of the bar, and I tried to order Coors from the draft... and they are OUT!  Who runs out of Coors?  I guess places that take a little pride in their beer selection.  So I order a peach beer... and they are OUT again!  What is going on....This is where the night changed.  The bartender, Jessie (I think), and my girl are quickly becoming BFFs and I am stuck there with like... no beer.  Jessie (we will just call her that either way) apologizes then then I tell her to just bring me any beer.  I am not picky... I drink Coors... how can I be?  So what happens next is key to my experience.  Jessie brings out a fantastic beer.  Something a little light, but flavorful, and something with a more class than Coors Banquet or Miller High Life.  By now... I am completely the third wheel to Jessie and my girl, which is ok because we ordered Porkbelly, and Jessie brought out some bread to munch on.  The bread was good with the oil and whatever else they put in the oil.. It could be herbs, it could be leaves from the ground outside... either way, it was good.The porkbelly was quite sizable, and it had a bacon syrup around it.  So... now basically, my girl is now "Jessie's Girl", and yes... this is an appropriate time to sing that song.  And the food is better at giving orgasms to everyone than I am... so... I am now like 5th wheel to the 4some that is Booze, Porkbelly, Jessie, and Jessie's girl.  If there is anything to learn from this... Learn that if you want an entertaining time, with good beer, and great food and even better service, go to Evo.  I don't know how it is on a weekend before midnight, but as far as a fun place to go on a Monday night with someone you really like, Evo is a very good option.
4	I've been twice and had good food both times (despite only ordering off the happy hour menu). I plan on going once more and trying out their pasta because everything else has been so good. Ambiance is more relaxed than most places in the surrounding area (less of a sports bar vibe) and it feels a bit more upscale, despite having good prices. I would recommend it to others.
5	Happy hour time (4-7pm)! How could you not refuse good food and service?! Here's the quick low down. Bruschetta: beef butter, asparagus, and some dried sweet fruits/raisins of some sort (special of the day). Pizza: Funghi (mushrooms). Chicken sandwich (with chips). Cocktails! ;) Party in my mouth!
4	If you have a large group & want to be loud this is a perfect spot to go. Nick the owner is extremely professional & accommodating to all your needs. You must order the Burrata & bolognese pasta! The group of 14 I was with all loved their food. Great location in old town Scottsdale & fun inviting atmosphere. Look forward to future visits.
2	We came here last year after evo opened and had a great experience. We remembered the food and service were very good.  So we went again last weekend expecting to have another good dining experience but we were disappointed.  I started with the italian wedding soup which was pretty good. Then I had roasted chicken for entree and when she brought it out I was so surprised.. there were 2 very small cuts of the chicken breast and one tiny drumstick, with a few potatoes and tomatoes.   For $17, I was expecting a reasonable sized portion..and its not like chicken is an expensive meat where you expect to get a tiny portion. My friend got the pork belly risotto and she got a big bowl of risotto. Since that was heavy andd rich, I would have thought it would make sense to have a smaller portion of that instead.  The service was disappointing.  The waitress didnt come back to check with us after the food came out. It would have been nice to order another glass of wine. When we were finished she gave us the check and didnt even ask how the food was or say  thanks for coming in.  Unfortunately I wont be coming back here.
5	I went here for dinner and the food was AWESOME! I had the chicken and my man had the steak, and we were both very happy with our meals. Try the BB & T if you like vodka tonics, it's a nice twist on the traditional drink. Shout out to our waitress Jessie, she was friendly and fast!
5	Great food (always) Knowledgable/friendly staffSuper cheap happy hour deals Try the specialty drinks- you won't be disappointed My favorite thing on the menu is the cheese and meat board. It's different every time and a fun thing to eat amongst friends. I have nothing bad to say about this place.
5	We come here at least once a week and always satisfied with the drink concoctions and amazing food
2	The charcuterie was expansive but with an odd selection that was uncomplimentary to eachother. Do not order the calamari! Rubbery, fishy, lacking in flavor. The heirloom tomato and bolognese pastas were very average but of good portion sizes. The pork belly risotto had very over cooked pork belly unproportionaly small to the amount of risotto. The only above average dish was the langasto pasta which didn't feel worth the price. Clearly, most of the yelp reviews are from drunk Scottsdale club-goers.
5	This review is overdue. I booked dinner here for my birthday after enjoying the bar on my first visit. The service was great, and they took the time to personalize the menus at the table with my name and the occasion, which was an incredible, thoughtful, beautiful touch. (I posted a picture.)I had the lobster risotto, which was great. Huge chucks of lobster and creamy, perfect risotto. I love the cocktails here. My idea of a perfect bar is once where you can tell the bartender I like drinks that are [insert whatever description you like], so make something and surprise me. The staff behind the bar at EVO can do just that and hit the nail on the head. You can't go wrong here, great spot for drinks or dinner or both. And a lovely place to celebrate an event.
5	Fantastic dinner - grilled calamari surprised us (didn't notice on the menu it wasn't your normal fried recipe) but it was absolutely great. Tenderloin bruschetta was incredible too. For meal my wife and I split chile shrimp dish - and the waitress brought out on two dishes -- great touch - and it was really good. Just stuck to the house cab wine - was solid. Overall fantastic experience. Restaurant was very noisy - but no problems for us (good for others to know). Service was great -- waitress and several helpers were always checking on us.
5	The EVO salad and handmade pastas are totally legit. Industry nights on Sundays are always packed and good times.
2	Very disappointed. The last time my boyfriend and I were here we had the Evo salad and the bolognese and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. Tonight's dinner was different however. Not only was the kale overcooked on the salad but the homemade pasta was stiff and lacking in flavor. I have been raving about this place and the Evo salad all week but tonight was definitely a let down. We were served our entrees before we even finished our salad and ordered a bottle of wine which we intended to have with our dinner but it too came out before we had even finished our before dinner cocktails. Not sure we will be back.
2	About a month ago, I arrived during Happy Hour time and sat at the bar. The bartender was in the process of making a drink only to find out it was the wrong one that someone else had ordered and set it aside.... I ordered the Grapefruit Basil Martini about 10 min. later and low and behold, guess which drink he handed me..... yep, the one pushed to the side.  Really can't believe he did that knowing I was sitting there when the mistake occurred and that I overheard everything. Thanks, I'll pass... So, I ordered something else only to get Half a drink in a small squatty goblet type glass they use. Needless to say, not a great start.I ordered the caesar salad... The dressing seemed really "light" or possibly watered down... the flavor was almost non-existent.  Next, ordered the Heirloom Tomato pasta.... That was very good, however, it was described as cappellini and it was actually a wider pasta like fettuccine.
4	The red-headed server was extremely friendly! She made out first impression (since it was our first time there) great! The bruschetta was amazing!!!! Loved it! The portions for the entrees weren't very large but just enough to fill myself... Without the appetizer we would have still been hungry. Cheers!
2	The food and drinks were actually really good!  The service was sub-par.  The "manager" was clearly intoxicated and flirted with our table of girls.  It took almost 45 minutes to pay for our bill...not sure why!
2	Great atmosphere. Everything else was so-so.
5	Great atmosphere. Great food-- arancini balls, evo salad, all the pastas.  The only thing is pass on is that pizza, but that's just because the pasta is so amazing!! Great drinks as well. Can't wait to go back.
5	This place is no longer a hidden gem, but more like a neighborhood favorite! Nick and Chops have some amazing creativity and the hospitality is second to none.  The goat cheese and pancetta  pizza is fantastic!
5	5 stars. This place is delicious. Incredible food, yummy drinks and low key atmosphere. I'd recommend the bruschetta to start. The beef tenderloin mixed with the truffle oil and asparagus is so yummy. I had the Italian wedding soup and it was incredibly tasty. The meatballs were full of flavor! Can't wait to go back and try the handmade pastas.
5	This place is so swanky and everything tastes so good.  Love the kale salad (it's not as raw as it sounds).  Miss Jessie is a great bartender I recommend requesting her!
5	I'm in love. Evo's got a good thing going here, and if you haven't been yet then you need to go! Chef Chops cooked my girl friends and I such an amazing feast. We began with the most beautiful charcuterie board, with cheeses, meats, spreads, and a bunch of yummy pickled items. Then we moved on to a delicious creamy burrata appetizer, followed by some arancini (fried risotto balls with a meat sauce), and house meatballs in a red sauce. In between all these carbs and heavy-ish items, we sampled a beet salad as well as a broccoli stalk prepared with some pine nuts and I think a lemon sauce. We also shared the fungi pizza, the roasted chicken entree, and one of the pasta dishes which sadly I can't remember the name of. Honestly everything was so good, there was nothing I didn't like. You can tell the staff has pride in their jobs and their products. Our server was a doll too. If you check in on yelp you get a shot of Fireball for a penny. Which is awesome.
4	4 stars only because we went here on a food tour and didn't try everything :) we sampled the arancini and roasted kale and brussels salad. Totally different that any other salad, was very rich! Loved the atmosphere as well. Will be here next time we visit scottsdale for a date night! Only downside, and also why only a 4 is because the fellow who was introducing which wines we were having was a bit weak in his presentation and descriptions. Just basically said each wine would pair well in a round about way...
5	Such an awesome off the grid spot. It's sorta tucked away, but it's definitely worth finding. The presentation for the food is on point, tastes delicious, and they were pretty solid on filling the waters. I'll definitely be going back so I get a chance to try everything on the menu. I also want to check it out on a Friday or Saturday night. Looks like the bar could get poppin, there's a small lounging area, and an outside patio to be explored.The PBLT is BOMB.~ TheWaterGuy
4	Dangerous drinks, cool staff, food til 1:30!, relaxed atmosphere, awesome people to meet, industry friendly. Should have had you at dangerous drinks!
3	Went for the bestie's birthday. Ambiance is chic and trendy with small dining area.  They did an amazingly cute and small detail recognizing my friends bday. The top had small wording that wrote, "happy birthday Mallory and thank you for celebrating your birthday with Evo". I've never seen any place do this before so my friends all loved it. We scrolled over the menu and I found the Evo salad. A couple of us ordered it. We continued sipping on our wine and chatting and after a while realized that it had been near 30 minutes with no food arriving. We mentioned it to our server who went into the kitchen and I watched him go back towards the bar and put the order in. He came back with shots of fireball as an apology. We were okay with it all since we got free booze out of it. Our server was very kind throughout this and even fanned my friends because they complained of the warm temperature in the dining room.  Our food finally arrived and then we saw our salads.  The Evo salad was cooked/toasted leaves with goat cheese. The salad was no good. We were actually laughing at how the salad resembled eating fall leaves or the stuff that flies up from a campfire. I stopped even trying to eat it. It was funny but all in all- I won't return. The food was the main reason for my disappointment.
4	The food was great but it was very noisy. We were all sitting really close together but had to yell in order to hear each other.
3	Went here last night for the first time. Almost didn't bother to go in; the restaurant side only had one couple in it. Not a good sign for a good restaurant.  Bar had a dozen or so, though. Caesar salad was bad. Extremely salty! Lettuce was limp. Must have been made hours early. Had heirloom tomato pasta dish for entree. Pasta was a little on the heavy side. Maybe whole wheat? Overall, an ok dish. Not great, but not bad. A little too dark for my taste. Needed phone to read the menu. Serve was very good. Checked in regularly and took care of everything (water refill, second glass of wine, etc. ) himself.
3	Good but not amazing. Given how pricey the  food is, I would prefer going somewhere else if I'm ever back in the area.I ordered the lobster pasta with basil and corn. My boyfriend ordered their steak dish. Pasta was very chewy and they are definitely generous with the lobster. Steak was a bit under seasoned in my opinion and lacked flavor, but was cooked well.Unfortunately I found a piece of plastic in my pasta dish, which was a bit unsettling. They immediately remade the dish for me but honestly I was too full to eat a second pasta dish and wished that they either gave me a discount or let me choose something different. Good think I had my boyfriend who managed to eat half of the second pasta so that we didn't waste it.With the wine I ordered the bill was around $75. We definitely ate much better food for the same cost if not less in the area the ensuing days. If you are traveling and looking for a nice place to eat, I recommend checking out second story instead. It was much much better!
4	Decided to try this place since it was within walking distance of the hotel I was staying at during my trip to Scottsdale.On first impression, it seemed trendy but it's actually really casual. A little dark inside but comfortable.Cocktails were great, and so were the pastas. My lobster pasta was strong and the homemade pasta was clearly homemade. Very fresh and had the right texture and that "pasta" taste that so few restaurants get right.Service was good, and prices were reasonable. Spent around $40 per person with drinks and tax/tip.
1	In fairness my water was fantastic and always full!  We came in with a group of 10.  Each of the first four bottles of wine we requested and listed on the menu were sold out.  Then my wife wanted a pasta dish and the only pasta in stock was spaghetti. Then one of three deserts was sold out.  So long story short....we got pizza and middle of the road wine....go to grimaldis and be happy with your choice! Service was slightly better than poor, but only slightly.
4	I'm very torn between giving this place a 3 star or a 4 star. =/The first time I came here was for a Yelp event Lindsey put together last year. It was amazing and everything was perfect. So my friend wanted to go to dinner, and I wanted to find a place that had happy hour on Sundays. This place has happy hour every day from 4-7. Perfect right?  They also have live music after 8 pm on Sundays too. Plus I've been here before and after such a good experience, sold! So for drinks, I wanted the Canteloupe Tini, it was amazing the first time. They didn't have it! What!? First fail. =/ So I got a Cosmo. Definitely got my money's worth on that. Ok for food, they had the house made pasta on the list. They didn't have it! What!? That's two for two. So I ordered the Funghi pizza. This comes with mushrooms, mozarella, tomato sauce, pecorino - herbs. Our waiter, (Tony) suggested I added duck to it. And it tasted amazing. I'm torn between the 3 or 4 star because how can you not have both of these items on the menu? But, Tony our server was amazing. He was so knowledgeable of everything on the menu. & I pretty much ordered everything he suggested. You're getting a 4 star Evo. Thank Tony! =P
4	Ok restaurant in old town. Great charcuterie plate and good drinks. It has it's own parking lot which is nice. Not a lot to say about it but it's worth a try :). Staff are very nice.
5	Every time I come here it is more soul fillingly phenomenal than the previous. Chef Chops Smith and his aggressive respect for food is legit. Cocktails that set you straight with a balance of sweet, sour, and depth start this experience on an altitude level ready experience. Just check it.
4	The place is probably closer to 3.5 stars but has all the potential for 4 stars.  The service was great along with the laid back ambiance.  The server had no issues dealing with our party of 8; he was very attentive and provided helpful suggestions.  I think the restaurant would be a solid 4 stars if the prices were a little more fair, considering the portion sizes of the entrees.  I did not order a salad but had a chance to taste a couple variations, they are very tasty.  We were celebrating a friends birthday so the $0.01 fireball shots for a Yelp Check-In came in very handy for the occasion--of course fireball whiskey shots are never a good idea. Ha ha!  All the surrounding tables appeared to be having a great time, inlcuding ours.  I would like to give this place another try to see if I can be convinced to be satisfied with a 4 star rating.
5	Ask for Tony.  He rocks.  The food is amazing.  This is the place to just ask for what they recommend.  Blueberry cocktails are awesome.  The dessert martinis are out of this world.  Super awesome experience.
4	The place is pretty great. Nice atmosphere good people that go there a nice friendly staff good selection of booze and fairly interesting with limoncello on tap. The food is pretty good- but very expensive. I had the pesto pizza which was pretty good and another time I had the Alfredo. Both pretty good although I would go with the Alfredo. Unfortunately the pizza is $14 and the pasta is $15 and I always like to add some sort of protein to my pastas but I felt uncomfortable paying over $20 for a pasta that was a smaller portion size than I expected. It might have been the plate it was served in, which is pretty cool looking and a bit different, but I felt like I could have had 2 of them and still been hungry. Overall I still approve! Maybe I'll come back for the $26 salmon although I'm a bit afraid on the size..
4	Food is wonderful, but portions are small. Several alcohols we asked for weren't in stock, but the 1 cent lemoncello Yelp deal almost made up for it. I like the atmosphere, but they need a better tended bar. First time I was here our bartender was Dominic and he was awesome. Service is decent sitting at a table. Mostly just wish portions were bigger, as we were still hungry when we left.
5	Food and atmosphere are amazing!
5	This is hands down one of my favorite places! If you love homemade pasta and good quality authentic Italian  food than Evo is for you. Servers are awesome not to mention the owner Nick coming up and introducing himself to everyone., super friendly and inviting staff. Atmosphere is trendy and intimate. Grapefruit basil martinis are a must too! Def worth checking out!
4	Our server Ben was awesome and personable. The food was a little too salty but the great service and conversation Ben provided made up for that!
4	Got here just in time for happy hour and sat in the regular dining section, not the bar section. Loved the dim lighting and decor. Definitely a great, romantic date place.I had the grapefruit basil cocktail and he had a glass of wine. I had the bruschetta and he had the chicken sandwich with fries. The drinks were great and well priced. He loved his sandwich and the fries were delish (truffle) but my bruschetta was super disappointing. Basically slices of toasted bread with a TINY amount of diced tomatoes. We ordered dessert (mini donuts with dipping sauce) and the literally took 25 minutes to arrive. About 10 minutes in, I saw the waiter look at us with that "whoops" look on his face, run to the kitchen, then come back to us to say "Sorry - the kitchen is really swamped tonight". Really? Pretty sure you just forgot to put the order in, buddy, which is totally fine. You ain't gotta lie to kick it.I will be back to try other happy hour food items. Great location as it's in the heart of old town.
4	Amazing food and excellent service
5	Food = AmazingService = AmazingOwner, Nick, is so nice and attentive to everyone who walks through the door!
4	We had an excellent dinner Friday night at this little gem of a restaurant. We arrived at 7:15, and were surprised to not find this place packed. We sat at the bar and had drinks while waiting for our friends to arrive. The bartender was friendly and efficient, and the drinks were delicious. We moved to the dining area for dinner, and were greeted by our waiter. He provided us with the specials and grabbed us more drinks. We ordered the kale salad to start, and it was incredible. The dressing was a house balsamic, and the vegetable mix was perfect. Extremely impressed. Dinner arrived shortly after, and it was incredible. We ordered the bolognese bad the chili shrimp pasta. Both were delicious.  This restaurant had a very hip atmosphere, attentive service, and the manager ensured we were enjoying our evening. We will definitely be back.
3	First visit led to mixed feelings. We went during Restaurant Week. The place was not crowded but there were lots of problems. This is a noisy place. We asked to be moved away from the bar but that put us next to a speaker. It was hard to hear the waitress.  Fortunately we left as the live music started.   We were urged to get the meatball appetizer which we all ordered. Three minutes later we were told they were out. Food is not delivered by the waitress but rather other staff.  Each course there was confusion as there was food delivered wrong. At the last course there was a missing dessert and an extra of another dessert. When we got the bill I wasn't charged for my wine and the other couple not charged for their wine but charged in error for something else. Food was not always delivered hot. The wine pairings were good. Food quality was not high in our opinion but that might be our judgment.
4	I came here with three friends for Restaurant Week (http://www.arizonarestaurantweek.com/restaurant/evo/). I ordered the bruschetta, surf and turf (pork and scallops), and the chocolate torte. Arancini (fried risotto ball) also came as a small bite included with Restaurant Week. That was a nice touch.Bruschetta - chorizo and egg were great, but the bread was too hard.Surf and turf - pork temple and diver scallop. Scallop was cooked nicely but there was way too much salt. Pork and the sides were good.Chocolate torte - amazing! Should have saved more room for this...The service was very good. We noticed that they put a lot of effort into the presentation of the food as well. I would come back again!
5	Wow -- what can I say -- nice find! I had the Evo salad and shared the daily bruschetta with bf.  I highly recommend the Evo salad -- a nice warm salad with kale as its base.   The bf had the vegetable risotto -- and I quote "it was really good. It was creamy and flavorful."  I like that it is open until 2 am on a Sunday which is rare in Phoenix.  The portion size for the chocolate torte  was minuscule but was it good?  Per the bf, it was above average but left him wanting more due to portion size -- not really shareable.
3	Had the chef's special bruschetta, with a pork-tomato spread and crispy greens on top. It was really good. The breed was toasted and drizzled in olive oil. Also had the prosciutto pizza. The crust was a little too soft for me, reminded me of peter piper pizza. The ricotta spread was sort of bland and really made the crust too soft. I don't wanna use the word soggy. Had to put some red pepper flakes and parm on it to amp up the flavor. Overall the place is pretty good, just wouldn't say the food is awesome. Really nice lighting for a date and good specialty cocktail choices. Free lemoncello shot for checking in!
5	Excellent service and excellent food. Ambiance was fantastic. We were a party of 16. Food and drinks came out in a timely manner and everyone's needs were met promptly. Homemade pasta was bomb!
5	Love this place! Always great service. Food choices are limited but late night in old town looking for cozy place, this place does it!
4	Wow. EVO is damn good! Let me start by saying I hate Kale. Like I know it's super healthy but I hate it. It's trendy rabbit food, let's get real. My friend wanted to split the Kale salad which after saying "hell no" she finally convinced me so I begrudgingly decided to try it. Well...it was the most delicious salad period. You know you're at a good restaurant when they make the food you hate taste awesome. I concluded the meal with the bolognaise (sorry, I can't spell) and it was bomb too. Our server was very personable without being annoying and even made sure we checked in on Yelp to get the .01 lemoncello which I'm not a fan of but hey, a penny is a penny and we went to Old Town for a reason! :-)
5	Food was amazing as was our waiter Anthony. I will definitely be back. I highly recommend this restaurant. Some of the best food I have had in scottsdale!
4	I hardly ever can give a 5 star for a restaurant that's very good to great ... As this one can be.  I've been to true 5 stars and they're sublime. And expensive. This is neither. And I love it!Homemade pasta is excellent, as well as their drink service which includes made-in-house libations. Excellent, creative salads too.  Get a Happy Hour pizza and drink at the lively bar, and you'll feel like you scored a yearly bonus.Local. Fresh. Authentic. Creative. At reasonable prices to boot.  SOLID 4 star.
3	Cute restaurant, food is delicious, though not amazing. Great for a quick bite. Southern Italian cooking. Dessert menu very small. They do feature an item from the NFL Chefs - Taste of the NFL Hunger Challenge, which is really cool!! Atmosphere okay. Plenty of parking.
5	The night we went we had a party of 12. Good lookin out on the check in offer of 25cent fireball shots. WE had the arancini, garden salad with apple vinaigrette, caesar salad add grill chicken, and the chili shrimp. ALL 3 were fantastic. The handmade pasta was beautiful buttery and al dente with a generous amount of shrimp. The table bread was beatifully craggy and had a beautiful crust. I would eat here anytime. HEY GUYS THINK ABOUT ADDING SUPPLI TO YOUR APPETIZERS.
5	The chefs have really taken their time develop the dishes. Great care is taken in cooking each individual dish. The evolution of regional Italian cuisine is very prevalent here.  Charcuterie board is awesome , Pork Temple Rocks. Presentation showcases the Chef's talents in every dish. Bravo.
5	We tried the asparo salad to start the chili shrimp and the Aragosta and finished with Chocolate torte .. our waitress Chelsea was awesome in directing us as to what to try... and wow she was spot on!!! It was all delicous! We left nothing on the plates... the lobster pasta was amazing and the chili shrimp was well seasoned but not so hot to make it overwhelming.  The chocolate torte was fabulous and well laid out.  See the pic... we recommend this to anyone who likes great affordable tasty food
5	One of my favorite little places in Old Town.  They have a nice selection of craft beer with happy hour 7 days a week until 7.  Happy Hour menu includes a variety of foods including pizza and a great pasta dish for $10.  On the main menu, the vegetable risotto is perfectly prepped.   This location hasn't been successful in the past but on the strength of a good menu, Evo has broken that trend.
5	Love this place. The owner is usually there and very friendly, the staff is great, and the food is awesome. I like the Chili Shrimp Pasta and the Aragosta (lobster) Pasta. Pizzas are very good too. They serve food until very late and I'd say this is the best late night food available anywhere. There is often live music and the ambiance is nice though I usually stay at the bar or on the patio.
5	Everything we had was delicious--Bruschetta of the night, EVO salad, and pizza.  With wine on tap and excellent food and service, what more could you ask for?!
2	Worst service. After spending 10-15mins waiting for someone to take my order at the BAR, I spent 20 mins waiting for my food order that "had a lost ticket". I cancelled my order and took my business somewhere else. Not worth the wait. Thanks!
4	Don't come hungry. The food is excellent but far too expensive for the portions. I got the "full size" Evo salad. $12 for 12 bites, no meat.  Not exaggerating.
2	My girlfriends and I met here for dinner. There were approximately 10 of us and we were seated quickly since we had a reservation. I ordered a flatbread pizza and I was told that they were out of dough and it would be 30+ minutes until they had more. So I ordered the small plate Polpettina to keep our evening plans moving smoothly. It wasn't worth the $11. My overall experience was just okay.
5	Let me start by saying, I love EVO! I come here often and have always had a wonderful time. Tonight a friend and I came in and had the same server we had a few times; Ben. He is so wonderful. Every recommendation he made were on point! His attitude, his style of serving, everything was spot on! Love him! Excited to continue supporting this amazing restaurant.
5	We found this place as a result of our concierge service during a staycation in Scottsdale.We were impressed with the fresh produce used and the variety of dishes offered. Everything we tried was wonderful. Highly recommend this place for a upper end dinner with a fantastic atmosphere. Worth every penny
5	Best pork chop in town hands down!! I don't know how they cook it but so tender! Desserts were also amazing!!
