4	Very very good  place - I ordered the Garlic Chicken bento box and it was delicious. The sushi that came with it was very tasty as well, and whenever I'm in Pittsburgh I have a hard time getting tasty sushi like you do on coastal cities. The wife ordered a pad thai chicken bento box and it was equally delicious. The only negatives were the staff needed an extra body during the lunch hours. But they were really trying to do everything at once so I didn't mind. And the miso soup needed work, it was very watery but not bad, just not good either. Not much flavor. But it's a Thai restaurant that serves Japanese as a secondary. No biggie.
3	Food is very good. Been here 3 times now. Had the Penang curry, green curry and most recently ordered take out of almond shrimp roll, spider roll and pad Thai. All were very good. Hands down, this place has the best pad Thai I've had in Pittsburgh. Staff is friendly but if you go during lunch they are running around like chickens with their heads cut off and it is really unorganized. The waiters and waitresses don't have specific tables to wait on so each one will try to take your order. It's small inside too.The bad part is that it's a bit pricey for Oakland. Especially when you can go down the street to Sushi Fuku for cheaper (maybe not as good) and acceptable sushi. At least there isn't really competition for Thai food.
5	I always enjoy going here. The food is great and the prices are really good as well
4	A very polite and considerate girl was attending to us.Good food, great quantity and affordable prices.Chicken satay and the basil fried rice were great!Parking would be the only bummer! So, if you plan to go here, park your vehicle before you reach the place!
4	I must say I didn't have much hope for the food here the menu is so huge and that can mean disappointments. I was pleasantly suprised. The spring rolls were gently crunchy and delish but the chicken summer rolls are the best I've ever had. The combination of the cool noodles and veggies with the sweet hot chicken was just a win. I also had the tamarind duck which was awesome crispy duck in a sweet sauce. I recommend.
4	I like their Thai noodle soup.
5	I like the noodles there. The lunch special is great! Must go!
4	Great service and nice waiters and waitresses. I usually come during lunch and I found the service to be fast and the food fresh and delicious. Definitely a restaurant I eat at a few times a month.
4	Ordered in from this location.  The food was pretty awesome.  To be specific, the summer rolls were AMAZING and the pad thai was pretty good.  I hope they maintain their standards because I definitely plan to order from here again.  Prices and delivery were as expected.
5	I can only speak for the sashimi and sushi as I haven't tried anything else. However, for me, sticking to these items is for good reason. I honestly haven't had sashimi and sushi this fresh at this reasonable of a price in Pittsburgh. Lunch is even better at a cheaper rate than dinner. I made it a point to write a review because I was apprehensive about trying this place in the beginning because of the three and a half star rating. I am so glad I gave it the benefit of the doubt though. I will definitely be coming back here over and over again if the quality and prices stay like this!Reading the other reviews, I would like to say that this place just opened earlier this year so perhaps they were just getting their bearings. Currently, I feel that the in-restaurant service has been great and I've been here both during the lunch rush hour and the less busy dinner time.
4	I went here for dinner and had the duck soup. It was super yummy! The waitstaff are a little spacey (they forgot my tea), but were very polite and attentive otherwise. I'll definitely go back soon!
4	I found this place through GrubHub, an app for ordering delivery or pickup from real restaurants, as opposed to the mundane chained pizza places like Papa John's. I use GrubHub frequently while traveling because I am often too lazy to go out. Ordering from Thai Hana is a perfect example of how GrubHub should work.GrubHub usually takes a while, so I placed an order while shopping at 6:50PM. The promised time for arrival was about 8PM. This was a little longer than I expected, but that's ok - better than nothing. In the comments, I wrote, "Will not be at hotel until 7:45PM." GrubHub sent updates accordingly - when the order went to the kitchen, an updated time when the driver was supposed to arrive (between 7:50 and 8PM), etc. The driver arrived at my room precisely at 7:56PM. He even called beforehand to ensure I was at the hotel in my room, since he actually read my comment. I was impressed.I ordered Tom Yum Shrimp soup ($3.95), Crispy Rolls ($4.95), and Pad Thai ($11.95). Add tax ($1.56), a delivery charge ($1.50), and tip ($3.58), and the total was $27.49. That's not bad, considering I'm ordering from a real restaurant!The soup was ok. It had a lot of lemongrass and could've used more spice. The crispy rolls were good, and so was the Pad Thai. I can't complain about either of the latter two items, which is rare for me. They both had the right taste, and the portion size was appropriate (see picture).  If I was ever in the area again, I would order from here. The food is good, and the service is as promised. You can't really ask for much more!
4	The food is great! I went there together with my friend tonight and ordered the curry there. The 3 degree spicy is suitable to me. I think is acceptable. The rice is good and makes me feeling That I have gone back to Asia. The shrimp is a little bit plain but it's tasty. The environment is cosy, relaxed and comfortable. A place that I will choose to come again...
5	Great food and fast service, even when it's busy they try to get you seated. I also really enjoy the red curry and the crispy volcano chicken. The volcano sushi roll is definitely worth trying. Gets better with time!
4	I am going to go ahead an add a star for the service and relaxed atmosphere.  I had the Bento C  $12.95 and it was enough sushi to feed a family of 4.  The Bento C consisted of all cooked :eel roll the sauce was magnificent I even tried to dip my other sushi pieces into it.Shrip, krab and tomago,  before this meal I had never had tomago fish and I never want to again.Fish Tempura - tasty but smalland 6 pieces of the super crunchy  I loved the idea of the roll it was coated in a tempura batter and fried. I did not care for the spicy mayo that was drizzled on the roll.  I would have liked if they included that in the dish description.
4	I ordered from Thai Hana using GrubHub. The order came pretty quickly, around 20-25 minutes. I ordered the beef pad see ew. It is slightly on the more expensive side, being $11.95; however, the portion is very generous. It can probably last me 3 meals.The noodles are delicious. They are very flavorful and slightly sweet. There are also baby corn, broccoli, and carrots, so you get a decent amount of vegetables. The beef is pretty tender; however, it is slightly on the dry side.The dish reheats pretty well, but the noodles do get sticky, as expected. I would suggest sharing with a friend.
4	This is really more of a 3.5 kind of place food wise but the service was excellent. I got the pad thai and my friend got the drunken noodle. They were about $12 each which is a bit expensive but the portions they gave were more than enough to last two or three meals. It wasn't the best pad thai I've had but it definitely wasn't the worse.  If you're a student you get 20% off so don't forget to tell your waiter!
4	I have ordered and picked up lunch for over 10 people at Thai Hana, and also have eaten in restaurant with a smaller group.  Both times I have been delighted with the food and service.My most recent visit to Thai Hana was with a group of 3.  I ordered the 2 roll lunch, Spicy Tuna and Spicy Salmon, and the sushi was really tasty, and big enough to be STUFFED after 2 rolls.  My friends got fried rice and an eggplant dish and both were very pleased with their meals.  The real star of this joint, though, is the service.  Our waiter was really what made Thai Hana stand out apart from all other lunch sites in Oakland.  He was friendly, even though he was busy, and really made us feel welcome and special.  He joked around with us, suggested items, and was very prompt with our order.  He recommended the Thai Iced Tea, one of my favorites, which I didn't even know they had. Next time you're in Oakland treat yourself to lunch or dinner at Thai Hanna!
4	Ordered delivery from here today. We ordered:Crispy Rolls - they were delicious and stayed crispy due to the restaurant taking the time to put some ventilation holes in the Styrofoam (a quick thing, but something that is appreciated when ordering something crispy)Tom Kha Gai - delicious and spiced to the heat level we requestedVolcano Chicken - delicious! Pad Thai - probably the least favorite dish, but overall it was good. I will definitely be ordering from here again!
5	We've ordered in from Thai Hana several times for dinner. The food came quickly and was excellent. For dinner we have tried several do the dishes with red curry being a current favorite.I've been to Thai Hana twice for lunch now. Service is excellent and fast. Both times I got one of the lunch bento boxes. The bento boxes are a great value for the amount of food. The sushi is excellent.
3	I love the food! However, the process to place online orders is frustrating and very time consuming. It deters our future business..
3	I had the Gia Granpo with a spicy tuna roll. The Gia was a fried shrimp stir fry in basil soy/syrup sauce (similar to general tso's). I order the dish at the maximum spicy level of 10 out of 10. In order to make the dish spicy, all the kitchen did was sprinkle some red chili flakes; thus, the Gia was not remotely spicy. In sum, it was flavorful but too sweet for me.The spicy tuna roll came with ten small rolls each with a minuscule portion of tuna. As I expected, it wasn't spicy, but I was sure to use a generous amount of wasabi.On a more positive note, Thai Hana does institue a BYOB policy.
5	I order here every other day and the food always comes hot and delicious. Delivery is usually quick (30 min).I've had a lot of Thai food and this place is my favorite. Two dish recommendations: Basil Fried Rice and Drunken Noodles. You won't be disappointed!
1	I had an awful experience. Here for work, and staying at a nearby hotel. The front desk gave me this menu for a delivery option. I ordered the pad thai. They asked for my name and said it'd be 45 minutes. After an hour I called the restaurant back. They said they had tried to deliver it to the front desk, but didn't have a name or number. It was an additional 20 minutes for them to re-deliver it. Now 1 hour and 20 minutes later - who knows how long the pad thai has been sitting, but it was THE worst I've ever had. I asked for it spicy, and not only was it NOT spicy but it was totally flavorless and bland. The noodles were all stuck together and it was basically inedible. To top it off, the delivery guy lectured me about not giving them a room number. Well, if you would have written my name down when I told you the first time, the front desk could have found me that way!!! Never again.
2	I use to love this place but the last few times I have been there they completely fell off. They served me a meal I always get that was missing 4 out of 5 veggies. They never notified me they were missing items, I had to figure it out on my own. I had to ask them to rectify the situation with some other items which they did but the dish did not taste the same. If they are out of things they should just tell people before they order it. Another situation I ordered an appetizer that never came, turns out they did not have anymore of it. Once again just notify the customer so they aren't expecting their food to come.
1	First the positives......they are on GrubHub so it's super convenient to order food for delivery, they estimate an hour on GrubHub, but the food was here in less than 45 min. Now the negatives.....Hands down THE WORST Thai food I've ever had. I have eaten a lot of Thai food, and this sludge was the worst. I ordered Massaman Curry. Usually one of my favorite dishes because of the potatoes. WHY were the potatoes orange? Oh I know, probably from the inch and a half of oil sitting on top of the curry. Yes, I know you need oil to make curry, but an inch and a half?!?!?! Furthermore, the description didn't mention anything about tomatoes....but I had huge chunks of tomatoes......not a great addition. I will be calling for a refund....
1	I was going to order from here once more before I made a review, but that won't be happening. I ordered delivery through grub hub. The driver was late because he was stuck in traffic and called me while he was on his way to let me know. No big deal, I'm a pretty patient person. I ordered a soup/noodle bowl with chicken and rice noodles. It was packaged separately. I also ordered the spring rolls, which were great, just needed more sauce. When I reheated my soup the next day to finish it I found an entire shrimp at the bottom, tail on and everything. It was a big one!! If the chefs let this slide without even noticing, I can only wonder what else they let slide in that kitchen.
1	I read some good reviews about this place so I ordered two most popular items on their menu and the description is underneath..1. Pad thai noodles:    WORST Pad thai I have ever tasted in my entire life. I especially asked to make Pad thai extra spicy but when I got it, there was zero spice. Let alone the spice, the noodles had no shrimp (which I did order) and it had absolutely no peanut sauce. It was just a big bowl of plain noodles which I could have made in my house with some chicken.2. Panang curry    Again..Specially asked them to make it extra spicy but it came with no spice. Both the dishes were absolutely disappointing..
2	Ordered through GrubHub.  Took forever to deliver.  Spicy tuna roll wasn't very spicy, but I believe it was indeed tuna.  Probably.  The steamed veggie dumplings were like tater tots with veggie filling.  The Pad Thai (which did not describe ANY protein in it on the menu) had chicken (?) and shrimp in it. It wasn't spicy at all and was rather clumpy and somehow bland.  How does that happen?  Well...it was food.  I think.
1	Have ordered several times, each time hoping for the last to have been a fluke, but nope! Terrible, always incorrect orders! And then they just say "oh sorry" with no money refunded, no rectification. Today, I ordered a bento box and tempura veggies, and asked for eel sauce (which is absolutely needed for me to enjoy my sushi), and even paid extra for the eel sauce. My order arrives, no longer hot, with soggy tempura (gross!), and NO eel sauce, and NO tempura sauce which is supposed to come automatically with tempura! Without sauce, my entire meal is inedible! Try eating plan spaghetti with no sauce, or a dry sandwich with no sauce/condiments. Gross. Completely ruined meal. And this is about the 3rd time they've done this. How difficult is it to send the correct sauce, which I PAID EXTRA for? Really unbelievable, and a massive waste of money. I'm a student with not much money, and was looking forward to treating myself to some tasty sushi and tempura, and instead I just threw money away, spent several frustrating minutes on the phone with the restaurant getting nowhere, and now still have no food to eat. Thanks a lot guys, I will never be ordering from Thai Hana again.
1	Very unsatisfactory!  I placed my order over the phone.  They stated that my order should be delivered within  45 minutes.  While waiting I checked my online backing to see if the transaction had gone through which it did.    I called after an hour and 15 minutes just to check that I gave the right address they said the order had just left.  After 2 hours I called again and the lady said she would contact the delivery driver who would call me.  After 20 minutes with no call I called them back with no answer.   3 hours and  $17 dollars later.   Still hungry with no food, no explanation and no refunds.
2	It took TWO hours for my food to get delivered
2	Well, I always find Silk Elephant and Bangkok Balcony to be the best ones as far as Thai Food is concerned as they make much more flavorful food and more in quantity and quality as compared to Thai Hana. I ordered green curry and penang curry from Thai Hana, green was fine but penang was rather disappointing with a strange unknown flavor. Price wise, for curry food only, it was equal to the restaurants I mentioned.My major disappointment was with Gyoza (fried pork dumpling), with taxes it was for $7 and there were 6 pieces of it. Looks fine right? But it was not the regular size of dumplings, it was 1/4 the size of the regular dumpling we see at chinese-restaurants. I usually buy pork dumpling for the same price at chinese restaurants and it's sufficient for me for one meal but at Thai Hana I was so disappointed to see that minute box consisting of pork dumplings that I gave up all hopes on this one.
4	Love this Oakland restaurant! The food is great and the prices are decent - especially for lunch. The lemongrass chicken is my favorite - they are very generous with the lemongrass and always let me substitute noodles for rice. Would definitely recommend it if you are in Oakland for a quick bite!
4	It was my first time coming in here, and will not be my last. I got off the 61D and was craving some noodles. Lo and behold right in front of me is Thai Hana! Great! I have never been there but it always seems busy so that to me signals either super cheap or good food. Either way, I was looking for both of those things. Now, they do have a lunch menu, it is on the back of the menu. BUT if I took a little bit more time I would have realized that they actually have TWO lunch menus. Kind of confusing since they are in different places on the menu but still it is good to know for my next trip here. I ordered the Chicken Mee Siam. I initially ordered it to be a spicy level 3, but at the waiter told me I had to bump that up. He said that their spicy levels are not as bad and a 3 is really a 5. I was apprehensive, but ordered the 5, and he was right, it was about the level that I wanted it to be. Thank you waiter man for that! Total price was around $8.50. The portions were large, I put half in the fridge for tomorrow, and there was a lot of chicken in the dish. Sometimes for lunch they skimp on the meat, not this time. I was impressed. I would have liked to get a drink for the price, not just the meal, but you can't win them all. The noodles were done to perfection, the veggies were crisp and tasted fresh, and it was enough to eat for two days. I think this place was a win!
1	I ordered food for delivery. The sushi arrived warm and the avocado was already turning brown. The see yew was the worst I have ever had and tasted nothing like sew yew. The noodles were even all stuck together. Waste of money.
5	I was pretty skeptical when reading the reviews, but I decided to give it a try. I'm glad I did! I got the Drunken Noodles with veggies. I loved how they give you an option to choose how spicy you want it- on a scale of 1-10 (I chose 6). I ordered at around 4:30 on a week night and they gave me an estimated delivery time of 45 min- an hour and the delivery man came in 45 min. He was friendly and nice. The food was piping hot and delicious!
1	I placed an order and gave my address, they called me back an hour later telling me they could not find my address/location or parking. Can you say starved!!!! I'm located at the corner of Tech and Frew! There is parking everywhere. i also gave my cell number i could have went out to meet the driver. how do you serve food in Oakland and not know where CMU and Tepper is located.
3	Good Asian food in Pittsburgh is hard to find. That being said, this place has average Asian food. I ordered the green garden plate and it was pretty decent, but nothing extraordinary. Although it was drenched in sauce, but that's most Asian restaurants. It does get busy for lunch, so be ready to wait a bit to get in. If you're not picky with you're Asian food come here.
2	Do not get sushi here. It is 99% rice and 1% mediocre fish. The Thai food tastes alright though.
4	Thai Hana has started to grow on me since the first time I ate food from their restaurant. Full disclosure, I've only ever eaten take-out, so I can't judge their in-dining service, just their take-out service.The first time I ordered from them was an interesting experience. I ordered it as I left work so I could pick it up before traveling out of town, and the food was actually listed as "ready" on my app within a couple minutes, no exaggeration. It was ridiculously speedy. When I finally got there and picked up my food I was able to enjoy my order of spicy tuna and their Bento Box A while on the road. On the plus side my order had LOTS of food - way more than I expected! - but admittedly it was not all what I expected it to be, i.e. a few extra ingredients and items showed up in the bento box that I didn't expect. A little clarification on their ordering menu could fix that, though. The food was of mixed quality as well - some rolls were absolutely delicious, others were pretty "meh." I guess the ingredients just weren't evenly distributed when things were made that time around?The second time I ordered from them months later was all around much better. I ordered their DELICIOUS aloha rolls and a cup of soup, and I devoured that meal before my evening meetings with gusto. Because mmmmm, was it good! No complaints this time around! Now after that I'm dying to try even more of their special sushi rolls.Oh, and I got a better look at the inside of this place the last time I picked up dinner. The interior of Thai Hana is cute, bright, and colorful - I'd definitely consider eating here sometime. And yes, the other dishes I saw at peoples' tables here were as enormous as the first time I'd ordered a bento box. So hopefully one of these days I can enjoy a sit-down meal at Thai Hana, but hey, in the meantime it's nice to know they have super quick take-out and pretty good sushi!
4	I had takeout and wasn't expecting much since I'd never heard of it and it didn't seem like authentic Japanese. Wow, the sushi is super fresh and wonderful! What a nice surprise.  No idea on the service.
4	I ordered the Thai Noodle Soup, which I really enjoyed. It was not extremely flavorful but I really wasn't expecting that based on the description. I ordered through GrubHub and the soup came in two containers: one for the broth/chicken/shrimp (mainly broth, a little bit of chicken, and literally 2 pieces of shrimp) and another for the rice noodles. This was a LOT of food, especially for $8, which is great for a poor college student- haha.I also ordered the Thai Iced Tea, which I was not a fan of at all. It was entirely too sweet and had some sort of spice that I didn't like. But I've never had Thai iced tea before so I don't really have anything to compare it to. --BTW I really would have given this place 3.5 stars but seeing as this is not an option, I decided to round up because I will most likely order again.
4	If you are looking for delicious thai food, you've come to the right place. If you are looking for CHEAP delicious thai food, come during the lunch special. The only reason I'm not going to give five stars is because in general the food is pricy, but the lunch special makes it one of the best deals in Oakland! Plus, they deliver and have online ordering. What more could you want?
3	Thai Hana is a small restaurant in Oakland.  I have been here a few times for lunch--I can't comment on the sushi or large plates, as I have always ordered a lunch special.  It's a pretty good deal at $7.95 for a healthy portion of stir fry or curry and your choice of white or brown rice.  Bonus points because they don't price gouge you for choosing whole grain!Their vegetables are always fresh--you can tell they don't use the frozen stuff.  My go-to order is green curry tofu, and I vary the spice between 8 and 10.  They are WAAAAAY less hot here than at other Thai places in the city I've been too, so don't be afraid to go a little higher than you normally would...though I'm the last person you want to ask about that! ;)
1	I used GrubHub to order from this place on quite a few occasions.  The food was always bland, pedestrian, but nothing to complain too much about and since they delivered to me, I let it slide. Last night 12/1/2014 my boyfriend and I were having rough days/nights from work and didn't feel like preparing a meal after all the holiday festivities.  So we ordered Thai Hana at around 7:00. I got a confirmation that the food would arrive around 8:00 (which seemed normal). 7:27 p.m. I get an update "Your food is on it's way".  Woah that was quick I think!  8:10 p.m. rolls around, no food. I call grubhub, they call the restaurant and advise me "Food will be there around 8:28, driver is in route to you".  The driver calls me at 8:32 and says "oh man I hit traffic but I'm on my way to you should be there shortly I'll call when I arrive". My bf and I are a little annoyed but honestly, we're understanding people so we let it slide.  Now it's 9:00 p.m. and we ordered our food 2 hours ago, and we are aggitated.  I call GrubHub again, they say they were advised by this location that my food was already delivered. I correct them.  It was not. They call the facility again, they tell grubhub again that they got a little backed up but the food should be there shortly.  9:27 p.m. the driver calls me AGAIN and says AGAIN "Hey I'm on my way I got stuck in traffic I'll be there in 2 min." 9:35 driver shows up.  Food was cold.Food was terrible.Midnight my bf wakes up to throw up for the next 5 hours, he ended up sleeping in the bathroom until he had to get up and shower and get ready to go to work.  Poor thing.I did NOT get sick, but he looked like a green ghost. My stomach is still a little queasy feeling but atleast I managed to keep my terrible food down. When it comes down to it, their service sucks, their drivers suck, their food is sub-par, and somehow it took them 2 1/2 hours to deliver 1 order of Maki Rolls, Drunken Noodle, Curry. and a ginger salad.  On top of that the Maki & Curry made my bf violently ill and the Noodles and Salad made me feel nauseated. We're done with you Thai Hana and hopefully no one else has to suffer in the future when they order from you.
