4	Well stocked, clean but the floor staff wasn't very helpful or friendly. Only 1 out ofMaybe 3 asked me if I needed help when I obviously did. The cashier was very nice and talkative but their registers were making all kinds of racket for some reason.
4	I love H&M and this location was actually not as busy as some other ones. The lines at H&M are always long and slow, but the ok quality, price, and variety make it worth the wait.
5	Best clothing store in the mall.
5	Super stocked location. This store is well stocked with all sizes. I was impressed on how much inventory this location had. A variety of designs to meet the needs of all shapes, sizes and styles. I like H&M because it is affordable. I'm a career woman who needs career wear then everyday wear for my off days. I got to also have my  girls night out wear. This is the store. It is a one stop affordable shop that every gal desires. You can also get razzed and dazzled with the accessories. They have a large selections of jewels to top the outfits off. Handbags, hair accessories and much more. Men and children can score too. H&M has a great selection for them too.
3	I'm not reviewing H&M itself, but rather this particular store. I like the selections at Scottsdale Quarter the best! Then Scottsdale Fashion Square. This one at Tanger is messy, overly packed, and the accessories are always even messier and all tangled! The drive to Scottsdale Quarter is worth it for me because I feel that store is easier to navigate and have more selections.
5	YES!Such cute clothes, and such great prices!  YES!!I will be back, armed with my credit card next time...
2	I thought this location was great.  Not near as crazy as the one at Fashion Square and easier to find sizes and inventory.  Good prices like always and cute clothes.  The only reason I'm giving this location 2 stars is for the service we received.  When we went to check out I asked Vanessa, the clerk behind the counter if she would mind to let me know the price on each item as she rung it up.  Everything was on a clearance rack but I wasn't sure if they were hung in the wrong spot or really on sale since they weren't marked.  She was immediately annoyed with me and said that she guessed she could do that and then proceeded to no do that at all.  She rung everything up and literally threw it in a bag.  Then I asked for the receipt and she snapped at me that it was already in the bag.  Before I'd even left the register she was reaching for the next person's items to ring them up.  I completely get wanting to get to everyone in a timely manner but that shouldn't mean you give bad customer service.
