4	The Flame was a very good place to stop from yet another long day of drinking.  We travelled here from the strip after what I had heard from a friend about this place.  They were right.It used to be called "Roberta's Steakhouse" but it has since changed it's name.  The food was very well prepared and had better flavor than "SMITH & WOLLENSKY" where we went before.  The prices are really reasonable and the staff was decent even in light of some of our members visible intoxication.  The rib eye was nicely charred with an excellent pink middle and very little blood.  Also try the crab cakes, they were nice and meaty with little filler and great flavor.  You could pass on the calamari, it is mediocre, but get do try the clams.
4	As a resident of Lv, I am trying the local steakhouses and avoiding the trendy and overpriced designer steakhouses. Very good food here. Decent prices too. Sides were huge and should have been split cuz we could not stuff down one more bite. Bar just outside the door had 2 for 1 martini menu during happy hour. So I had two delish martinis for $7. Wow! Have paid $22 on the strip for one. Old casino, but very clean and personable staff. Winner for dinner.
5	Seriously one of the best porterhouse's I've ever had. But then again, I don't think I've ever had a bad porterhouse steak! The service was great. Only came by when we needed him and was super friendly.We had the chicago garbage salad which was awesome, the porterhouse steak which was perfectly charred on the outside & pink on the inside.. the creamed spinach and mashed potatoes.An awesome meal to round out our time in LV. And the wine list was pretty cheap which was even better. I'll be back.
4	We have been going to try this place for years and never got around to it.  Friday night, we had a show on Fremont Street, so this was now on our list.I had prime rib, done rare as I ordered, and my wife had a filet, done medium rare as she ordered.  She had a salad for an appetizer and I had clam chowder.  The chowder was good and I ate half of Andrea's salad.  With dinner, we got an order of steamed asparagus with hollandaise and shared.  Everything was well prepared and excellent.  Service was prompt.The ubiquitous flat panel screens are here, too, but instead of the omnipresent sports on TV, they had a DVD loop with scenes of various places in Italy--from Rome to Venice and other destinations.  The HD quality of the video was superb, and it was quite relaxing.We will return to The Flame.
4	Another stop on my tour of the downtown steakhouses...  Ribeye was delicious and well seasoned.  What blew me away was the mac n cheese.  I am sure you have seen mac on steakhouse menus before, but chances are if you ever had a bad go you probably don't order it anymore.  This is your MAC!  Baked with a crunchy top, and suppper creamy inside.  I am giving 4 stars only because they won't do orders to go ! ;)
4	i ate here 5 or 6 times in the last year and the food is always good they have good prime rib, crab cakes, pork chops, caprese salad, steak diane, and  ice cream but they don't  allow  kids somehow me and my brother always get in. some of the  things i don't like is that they  don't allow   sharing and there is no refills  for soda but the food and the waiters are  good i think it's one of the best restaurants downtown.
4	I used a coupon and my bill was under $30 for two people. I had the bone in rib eye and the french onion soup.  The rib eye for the price I paid was good not great.  What makes this place 4 stars is the availability of coupons to make this place a steal.  I am all about price vs value and this place rocks.  Service was good to very good.  They did not fuss over you but they made sure your drink was full and attend to any of your needs.  This is not by any means in competition with Binion's or Hugo's but then again it is 1/3 the price.  The atmosphere is kind of diner with table cloths.  Not fancy.  In fact nothing is fancy here or anywhere in casino for that matter.
4	3.5 stars for me.Lets try to make this short n sweet....My wife and i started with the calamari which was good but nothing special. I then moved on to my ribeye. The steak was a great piece of meat cooked perfectly. My side was a garlic mashed which also was very good. My wife had the fried shrimp which was actually an appetizer. It came with 4 huge shrimp lightly breaded, She also had the chicago garbage salad which she said was great. ok...so the place has great food with prices you cant beat BUT its as simple as a place can come. If you are looking for a fancy atmosphere this is not the place for you. The tables had basic white table cloths with cafeteria type silverware. The overall decor of the restaurant consists of a single LCD TV mounted on the wall playing loops with scenes of Italy, The lack of atmosphere will make it feel feel like you are waiting twice as long for your food. The service...it was good. They wont make you feel like a rock star but your drinks will be full and your empty plates with disappear when expected. So if you are looking for a really good meal without the bells and whistles then this the place. If you are looking for a well rounded restaurant that offers not only great food and an unforgettable atmosphere just move along.
4	Let me start with this, that I go to a place for the food and the service.  All the food here is above average.  I would rate the the Flame Steakhouse 4.35 stars, 4 just didn't feel like enough.We started with some soups, the French Onion (4.5 stars, fantastic choice) and the soup of the day Beef Barley (3 stars).Next we ordered our entrees, the surf & turf (1/2 lb crab legs and 8 oz filet mignon), and the 14oz  New York Strip.  My wife's surf and turf was a 5 star entree, the crab was tender and the filet cooked perfectly at medium rare (5 stars).  My New York Strip was also cooked perfectly, I ordered it medium, and the meat cut so easily (4.5 stars).We selected two sides to accompany our meal the steamed asparagus and the garlic mashed potatoes (both a solid 3 stars).For our dinner wine we selected Santa Rita 120, Chile, Cabernet Sauvignon ($18, 4 stars, it was recommended by our server in the price range we were looking for).Linda was our server, she was very attentive, and made some excellent recommendations.  She scores 4.5 stars.Our overall experience at the Flame Steakhouse was fantastic.  Our total bill for everything listed above was $100 (add $24 for Linda since she was a great server).  For the price I am not sure you can beat this place.  I would recommend coming in a little earlier (we got there at 5:30pm) and making reservations, the place was pretty packed on a Saturday night after 6pm.
3	The Service was slow and more like they got extra help from the Diner. We Ordered a Garbage Salad where it tasted like everything was mixed a few days ago and all the flavors had blended, so it all tasted the same. The house dressing was way too vinegary. The Crab Cake Appetizer arrived scorched and overcooked. The crab meat was a good quality - just improperly cooked. No Bay Seasoning only a mayonnaise sauce. We both ordered the Fillet and they both were excellently cooked with a top quality meat being used. One was 50% larger than the other - which just looked odd. The Mushroom side dish was bland and the sweet potato fries were mainly the little pieces you get at the bottom of the bag - for the price disappointing. Since I as well as most diners had a comp the place was OK. If I had to pay full price I would not go back. This was on a Friday night and they sent our waitress home early due to lack of customers? - then they got slammed. The Griller knows what he is doing, the rest of the place could use a new staff.
5	DH and I were on the annual trek to Vegas and were tempted to try the Flame based on a coupon from restaurant dot com.Walking in, I felt like I was going back to the days of Vegas and mobsters.  Salmon leather booths, plain tables.  No families, no kids. Quiet.  Mostly older couples - I think  we were the youngest in the room (and, believe me, we aren't that young).  But we thought - hey, its okay, how bad can it be.Talk about never judge a book by its cover!  We started with salads that were just too huge for one person - the caprese salad would have served 3 easily with the most wonderful heirloom tomatoes.  I could have stopped there and been happy, but we kept going - and I was glad we did!  Let me warn you - the sides are huge, they are splittable so don't order too many!  Baked potato was just a good old-fashioned baked potato that was so creamy, it was a meal in itself.  We had asparagus w/ Hollandaise and the mushrooms sauteed in Cabernet butter - heavenly.  My DH had a steak which was quite good - nice size, cooked perfectly.  I challenged the kitchen to serve me medium rare lamb chops - and the chef rose to the challenge!  Grilled perfectly, they were tender and flavorful - I wanted to gnaw the bones, they were so tasty!  Even the bread was good - a nice, old fashioned variety of breads, warmed to perfection.Our waiter was that rare breed that understands that it is important to pay attention, but not be bothersome. His recommendations were right on (the Pinot Noir was a great choice).   In this day and age of waitstaff that is either "perky" or "non-existent", I felt his service was deserving of an email "shout out" to the restaurant management.All in all, the  Flame was a great experience.  It is definitely one of the old Vegas restaurants - no flash, no glitter - but worth a repeat trip next trip out!
5	I was looking for a good steakhouse that had decent prices and I found a winner! My husband wasn't so happy to hear that it was in the El Cortez but I told him to keep an open mind. I'm glad he did because the Flame is a hidden gem in downtown Vegas. The food was top quality and delicious! I started off with the French Onion Soup ($4.95). It's the first time I've ever had this soup and it was really good! It had pieces of bread in it and a thick layer of gooey cheese on top. The amount of onion flavor was perfect. I also ordered a Caramel Apple Martini while I waited. I usually can't finish Martinis because they are so strong but the base of this was made with Baileys cream which made it so much easier to drink.The caramel made it even better! While I was waiting for my meal I had the Panko Shrimp appetizer ($9.95) that came with Honey Dijon sauce for dipping. I was surprised when I bit into it. Most all of it was shrimp not a whole bunch of breading. The shrimp were really plump and meaty. My main entree was the Porter House steak ($20.95). I had it medium well with a side of Bearnaise sauce ($2.95). I loved that the waiter was really watching out for us because we were going to order two sides of Bearnaise sauce but he said one was enough. He was right ...it was more then enough for two people. I also had the Garlic Mashed Potatoes ($4.95) to accompany my meal . The sides are also big enough to share. I ended the perfect meal with some Raspberry Chocolate Mousse cake. The sponge cake was really moist and the raspberry and chocolate sauces were really yummy. It wasn't overly sugary it was perfect just like the meal. The service was top notch even though we were using a $100.00 coupon the waiter treated us very well. Some places you go into and you use a coupon they treat you different but not here. He was very helpful when we were making our menu selections.This was all around a great dining experience!
4	Came here with our family on December 22nd based on reviews read on Yelp and because of a coupon I purchased from Restaurants.com.  Purchased a $50 restaurant certificate for $25.  Downtown Las Vegas is not the "strip" but neither does it look crime infested.  Reviewers stated the steaks here were great and 6 out of the 8 of us ordered steak or prime rib and found it to be excellent.  We also enjoyed the French onion soup and the raisin bread.  I was looking forward to having a steak myself but came down with gout shortly before our trip so I ordered the grilled walleyed pike, as did my wife, who is not a big meat eater.   The fish was just OK.  Can't blame the steakhouse for that as they are known for their steaks.   My son "slipped me" a few bites of his rib eye steak and it was delicious.  The waitress did an excellent job serving us and we all had a great time here.
1	How does this place have 4 stars?!? I met my sister and my brother-in-law in Vegas for Christmas and we went to The Flame Steakhouse for dinner on Christmas Eve. I was a little unsure about the place considering the location, downtown really isn't known for fine dining, but after reading the reviews on yelp I thought my sister had found a diamond in the rough. I was wrong! For starters the reason we picked The Flame was they have stone crab, which their menu prominently mentions they have from October until May. Christmas Eve is clearly during that period, but they didn't have any when we were there and said they wouldn't have it all weekend. So as for what they did have, I started with the French Onion soup, which was bland and nothing special. There was very little onion in it and I would say it was on par with what you would get at a Coco's or Denny's. For my entree I had the shrimp scampi, which again was bland and nothing special. I could hardly smell any garlic at all. I've had better at the Olive Garden at a fraction of the cost. So if you like bland food that is nothing special, this is the place for you. Then there was the service which was completely atrocious! Slow and inattentive would be the most complimentary things I could say about it. At one point my sister made a comment about how bad the service was only to have my brother-in-law mention that last time they were there the service was bad also. So apparently bad service is the standard here. At this point they would get 2-stars instead of just one, as the food was edible even if it was bland, but there was one other element to our dinner. We were seated at a table that was adjacent to a row of booths. A woman in one of the booths somehow lost her cell phone between the cushions of the booth. They had to bring out a maintenance man to literally tear apart not only the booth the woman was sitting at, but the booth behind her as well to retrieve the phone. It was incredibly loud and disruptive and took over half an hour!! I get that they wanted to take care of that woman and help her get her phone, but not at the expense of disrupting the meals of everyone else in the restaurant. It was completely unacceptable. They should have waited until the restaurant was closed and then retrieved the phone. Overall it was a bad experience and I will never be back.
4	We got the cocktail shrimp (HUGE and very yummy).  I had the Surf and Turf, which was I believe an 8oz filet mignon (looked like it could've been 10oz) and 3 king crab legs (any fresher and it would've pinched me).  He had the New York Strip and a baked potato (also huge).  I also had a glass of wine and he had a soda.  Everything came out to about $90.I've paid more for less quality.  Everything was extremely delicious and fresh.  Even the complimentary bread felt and tasted like they just pulled it fresh out of the oven!Five stars for freshness and amazing food.  Knocked off a star for customer service.  They weren't horrible, just not that friendly or attentive.  Also, Hubby asked for well done and it came out medium.  However, it did say something on the menu somewhere about not being able to guarantee well done or the quality when ordering well done.  So well done lovers: Be aware.
5	The food was amazing. We took our restaurant.com gift card and our party of 5 for my birthday last weekend. The restaurant was quiet and nice to celebrate my birthday. We each ordered a drink (the wine was VERY reasonably priced) and a salad. The salads were great (we had the garbage salad, wedge salad and the Cesar salad) and the bread was also fantastic. For our main course we seemed to choose similar things and 3 people got the Prime Rib and 2 of us got the Fillet Mignon. Both were cooked well and the Prime Rib was some of the best looking (and tasting) prime rib I've seen in a while. We ordered Asparagus, Mushrooms, Mashed Potatoes and Creamed Corn as sides and we could not get enough of them(4 sides were MORE than enough for 5 people though). Our total bill with gratuity(not including our restaurant.com gift certificate) was $211. We got an amazing meal with drinks for 5 for $161. You pretty much can't beat that.
4	This place is straight up "Old Vegas" probably because they haven't updated anything since then. The food was great, if this is what you're after. No celebrity chef. No gastronomic adventures. I had the filet medium rare with creamed spinach. Steak was cooked wonderfully. The hubs and I shared a bottle of wine, which was reasonably priced for a steakhouse. It was kinda weird that the place was sorta quiet and low lights for dinner, but with sports several tvs around the dining room. That didn't bother me, though. We didn't feel the place was overpriced and our food pretty good. Don't miss the $3 craps table and 2 for 1 martinis at the bar on your way in, either.
4	Located in the often under-thought of Fremont St. in the El Cortez Hotel, comes an excellent steakhouse. Generous portions at pretty good prices, and King Crab Legs that come out of the shell with very little effort. The fresh Salmon was an excellent piece of fish, and the filet mingon was prepared to perfection. Highly recommended if you are wanting to take a break from the strip and kick it old school for dinner. Worth the trip and you can get discount coupon on http://restaurant.com, for $50 off the bill of $100 or more.Fremont Street is "Old School" Vegas all the way, and I would have never guessed that a great steak place would still be opened there, but The Flame was worth the trip.
5	My daughter wanted steak, we were heading downtown so I yelped this.  looks questionable from the outside, but inside, its old school sit down steak dinner with potatos kind of place.  Alice was our wait person and helped us select a wine, which was outstanding.  Bread was beyond good and eased our hunger until dinner came.  Steak was done to perfection, done just as we requested. Then somewhere Alice was listening to our rantings of how much fun we were having for my baby girls 21st bday... and she brought a cake with a candle and sang.  how touching is this?  never expected it, she made our evening very special.  and I would recommend this place to anyone going downtown.  good food! good service!
1	Based on yelp reviews... We surpassed our favorite steak restaurant for the flame.... And we were burned! Steak was more fat than flavor, potatoes mashed our hopes, and we left disappointed. If your craving a Denny's steak for a ruths chris price, by all means... enjoy. If not, find another place!
5	Linda was an excellent waitress! Filetmignon was amazing! Also the king cut prime rib was great! Get the peppercorn gravy for your mash potato. I will definitely come back here again and it was actually a really nice and clean restaurant. The piano player was amazing playing songs on request. Can't beat a live performance while eating a great dinner!
5	Aboslute gem in downtown.  Piano player in the background, delicious bread and crab cakes.  I ended up having the Salmon.......perfect!  I had a 50% off coupon from American Casino Guide and it gave me up to $25 off.  It was worth it.One of my new favorites in Downtown Las Vegas.  I recommend everyone come here for a night of enjoyable dining.
2	not very good. went to dinner for a birthday and there were 6 of us. the place was not very busy and the service was the worst I have had in a las vegas restaurant. Waitress forgot orders and the hostess was a gum chewing rookie! When I am paying outrageous prices for mediocre steak at least you can do is make me feel like it was almost worth it!
3	Located at El Cortez Hotel and Casino, this place has its ups and downs, but, I say it's OK.  Coming to El Cortez, I did like the fact that parking is free.  El Cortez overall is a nice place and have that old Vegas feel.  Focusing on The Flame Steakhouse, it has a very nice setting as well.  Very well decorated and not to crowded.  I did like the fact that they had a live Piano Player who played through out our stay.  As far as the staff goes, they are quick and I did like the fact that some one is there to refill your drinks.  Our waiter who took our order was also nice as well.  Everything was done is a good amount of time to keep me satisfied.  What was a bit unsatisfying was the food portion.  Don't get me wrong, it was nice and great, but probably could of been done better.  Even though the bread that was served was okay.  It seems like they were in a hurry to serve it, that they didn't sliced it all the way.  So when you're trying to get a slice of bread, you're either breaking off the bottom of the slice, or getting the bottom half of the other slice.  As far as the steaks goes, I was not totally impress with it.  It was decent in a way, but when asking your steak to be cooked medium, I don't expect it to look burnt or black.  It looked like they left it on the grill to long.  As expected, it did look a bit over cooked to be a medium.  Our sides of Macaroni and Cheese seems to be covered in burnt cheese as well.  It did look nice and tasted great, but the top layer of cheese was like a blanket, that we have to dig for the macaroni, cause the cheese seems to be too cooked and stuck to the bowl.  But it was decent enough to eat.  Dessert was okay as well, but not much to make it stick out.  Overall, not highly recommended if you're looking for a steak house.  But a good place to go if you're hungry and don't mind your food to be overcooked, at least you know its cooked.  The place is nice, the service is quick in a timely matter.  I'm sure you'll have a decent time there.
3	We had eaten here before and the food and service were definitely 5 star.  Not sure what happened in the last 6 months.  The waiter / bus person were inattentive to say the least.  Don't know if they were short staffed or just an off night.The real disappointment was the food.  I had the porterhouse and  my wife had a New York strip and both were ok, but not like the last time.  Mine lacked flavor and the wife's was as tough as leather.
3	We went here last week with some friends of ours.  We live just outside the downtown area and love to frequent these places.  We have been to the Cortez many times over the years, but never eaten at the steakhouse.The Cortez is old Vegas but the steakhouse seemed to have a more up-to-date look to it.  The menu has a good variety of items and everything was reasonably prices, especially some very nice wines.  The food was fine, but a bit bland and one dimensional.  The garbage salad and mac and cheese stood out.  The halibut special was underseasoned, overcooked and dry.
5	The Flame exceeded my expectations in every way. I got so tired of buffet options while staying in the area and when I found out they had a restaurant.com certificate available, I was sold. Managed to walk through a questionable area without getting mugged to get there. Had a few doubts beforehand but they were all set at ease, and then some. Awesome food, ambiance, and service from start to finish. The shrimp cocktail was super fresh and the shrimp were gigantic. Filets were cooked perfectly and of high quality, all the side dishes ordered (creamed spinach, grilled asparagus, garlic mashed potatoes and mac & cheese) were fresh and really good. Dessert was vintage peach melba and raspberry sorbet. Our servers were wonderfully attentive and very nice. Ended up giving them a 25% tip because service that good has been a rarity in my dining experiences for a loooong time.
1	My experiance at Flame was hands down the worst dining experiance I've had in my lifetime. It seriously became comical.  I will NEVER go back, even if I were offered a free meal.  The food was average but the service was so laughably horrendous that I am suprised they actually stay in business...
3	On the hunt for a new favorite steakhouse the mere mention of "how about downtown?" started a yelp and google search.  Ideally this was not the first choice, but they were open on the night the hubby and I wanted to go out.  I had never been to the El Cortez before and honestly would never think to get out of my vehicle in this hood, but I'm glad I did.  The place is cute, and has an old Vegas feel to it.  It's so not money, but a great little eatery.  There is a piano player who will take requests and very mod looking round tables near the entrance with their own round walls and chandelier.  Very cool looking, great for a bigger group.  The staff was on top of things, we had our waiter bringing bread and water to the table before my bum even had a chance to get comfy in our booth.  They must get a lot of coupons because I was asked if we had one before we ordered.The food was decent, the steaks were a bit overdone and nothing stood out as a clear winner, but I did enjoy myself.  I probably won't come here again unless I'm in the neighborhood, which is unlikely, but overall it was a decent meal in a nice atmosphere.
1	Tried it and it was not good. Service was horrible and the food was low quality. French onion soup tasted like brown salt water, rib eye steak had no flavor. Took 45 minutes to get the check even after asking at least 3 times. I do not believe it when  people think this is a quality place.
3	The interior decor of this restaurant made me sleepy. It's red and with dim lighting. We came here when we visited El Cortez and we had restaurant.com gift certificate to use.We ordered two Sirloins and shared a side dish of Mashed Potatoes. Everything is Ala Carte here. If you ordered steak, your steak won't come with a side dish unless you order a side dish. Our steaks were good. I love the Garlic Mashed Potatoes. What I didn't love is the service.In the beginning, our server was very nice. After he found out we were going to use a restaurant. com certificate, he changed his tone a little bit. Service was slow. We didn't get our food until 40 minutes later. Then it took a really long time just to get our check. If you want steak, this place will be your good bet. However, don't expect speedy and good service. That's not their forte.
4	Using the Restaurant.com coupon we started out not sure what to expect. The reviews here went from terrible to best in Vegas. I've learned to through highs and lows out. Now for my thoughts. Good ambiance, Very good service, not great, but very good. We ordered one garbage salad and our server split it into two bowls for us at table side. Enough for both of us..My wife had the roasted chicken. It comes with potatoes and carrots so she didn't need to order a side. The chicken was very moist and tasty. It is a small chicken, but a whole chicken. It was very tasty!I ordered the porterhouse steak medium rare. I really wanted it medium, but after reading the reviews here I read they overcook a litle bit. They are right. It came to me a PERFECT medium. This is a seriously awesome 20 ounce porterhouse that just fell of the bone. I ordered the cream corn as a side based upon reviews here and on other sites. My wife said that it was by FAR the best creamed corn she had ever tried. I would recommend it!The bread is great also. They refilled our basket and gave us a second stick if butter, or so it seemed.All this with our two ice teas for $40.00 including tax and the restaurant.com mandatory 18% tip from the original price. (which it should be). I actually think at a nice restaurant this is not enough so I threw in another 5 spot for the server.
4	This restaurant is a hidden gym of Las Vegas. You wouldn't expect to find a reasonably priced fine dining restaurant in Vegas, especially in an old run down casino like the El Cortez.It is worth your time. The meals ares great, and the portions are large.
4	I went to The Flame Steakhouse last night with a few friends the place is not the biggest but is very nice.  Is not a bright place it has dim red lights flat screen television on the walls and a piano player.  I had a coupon for a free bottle of Cabernet and I must say it was pretty tasty for a free wine.  I started with the Oyster appetizer it was good but not great had better oyster at Hooters.  Than I order the 14oz New York strip medium cook with garlic mashed potatoes.  The Steak was cooked perfect and it had a tender juicy buttery taste that made my mouth happy.  The garlic mashed was amazing and the portion they served was to my liking.  The price was decent also it wasnt too expensive and especially if your going out for a romantic dinner I can recommend this restaurant.  I left very please and I can say that  im satisfy with the service and food and I will return again.  Hope you have a great experience just like I did.
2	After reading many reviews about this Steakhouse my friends and I went to check it out on Friday night... I am sad to write but this place did not live up to reviews. The only thing I feel in love with was the bread! I ordered the filet mignon med and it was tastesless! I asked my friend for some of her bbq sauce!!! Plus the garlic mash potatoes  everyone was raving about... eh... I had to add more butter to them. I do not know if they were having an off night but I do not think we will be going back there ever again. :(
4	The newspaper's Friday "Neon" section has a coupon for a free bottle of wine (or $15 off any bottle), and advertises Florida Stone Crabs for $28.  A local recommended the Flame.  The casino was not too smoky, and the restaurant was fine.  Decor is what you expect for downtown; a bit worn and dated.  The waitress probably worked there forever and was very knowledgeable about the wines and the menu.The stone crabs were very good,although I didn't expect them cold, on a bed of ice.  I switched out for a dry plate, which was better.  The dipping sauce included was mayo based, tangy and delicious.  We asked for and received warmed butter.  I prefer melted to drawn butter, so I decanted most of what they brought and melted the table butter in the candle warmed dish.  Combining the sauce with the butter was the best flavor combo.The sides were just average.  A few slices of fried potato, and a small vinegar based coleslaw.  An order of grilled asparagus with a wonderful Hollandaise sauce was well worth $5.For a $5 wine upgrade, we selected a French Beaujolais; it was perfect with crab.Use the included crab cracker tool.  I cut my finger trying to pry open some pre-cracked shell.  These crabs have a thick shell.We don't eat meat.  There are other seafood items on the menu, so plenty to choose from.  And I'm sure you could get a good steak there.The El Cortez is two blocks from the Fremont Experience, so go there after dinner.  Unfortunately it RAINED last night, and we discovered the arches over Freemont street are porous and we got soaked.  But Vegas gets like 4" of rain annually, so what's the chance that will happen to you? Overall, we liked the meal, and will go back.
4	Fantastic. Great food. Service was good. We didn't have reservations so did have to wait about an hour and half. The sides are big so we were able to just order a couple of them and share. The steak was excellent, the alfredo was so so good. I would definitely go back. Romantic setting.
4	We were headed with another couple for our first musical at The Smith Center, so a downtown dining location seemed most appropriate.  We made a reservation at The Flame and entered the El Cortez with hopeful anticipation of a fine meal.  The place had a dated look, and our booth was rather cramped, but the ambiance and style of the waiters reminded me of vintage Vegas and the old Burgundy Room at the departed but soon to reopen Lady Luck.The presentation of some food items was somewhat unorthodox, but this just added to the charm.  For example, a starter of Shrimp Cocktail featured five large shrimps lying on some greens on a plate, wedged between half a lemon and a ramekin of Cocktail Sauce.  The shrimps were very tasty.  French Onion Soup brought in a traditional white crock was excellent.  And, an Iceberg Wedge Salad looked quite primitive with a head of lettuce, some tomatoes, a half-ring of red onion, some blue cheese crumbles, and a ceramic beaker of Blue Cheese Dressing all just resting side by side on a large plate.  But it all worked out nicely in the end after assembling and then mixing the various ingredients.  A Trout Amandine Special spotlighted a very good trout that had been pan-fried with numerous sliced almonds, and very tasty French Fries.  The Tartar Sauce, too, was excellent.  Our group shared what was listed in the dessert menu as a Six Layer Chocolate Ganache Cake a la mode, and it was an excellent choice.  But the cake clearly only sported four layers.  Service by mark L. was efficient and worthy of recognition.  But here I made a costly mistake.  I figured out a 15% tip in my head, rounded it a bit higher, and, after placing cash on the tray, magnanimously told server Mark that he could "keep the change."  About 5 minutes later, he returned with the tray and placed it near me.  I just ignored it, and we rushed off to The Smith Center.  As I was watching "The Color Purple" I started to have misgivings about whether I had left a proper tip.  I pulled the restaurant receipt out of my pocket and saw to my horror that the amount of change returned was only 63 cents.  I had figured fine in my head, but when it came to execution I had inadvertently stiffed our waiter, and barely covered the check and tax.  So, we returned to the El Cortez after the play but at this hour no one remained to accept the tip.  Two days later I returned again, just for the purpose of making amends.  This time I asked for and was able to present our server with an appropriate tip, adding some extra cash to make up for the delay in its receipt.  Mark was very gracious about the whole fiasco, stating that the tip was unnecessary.  He did seem to remember the event though, and I was happy to make amends.  At least now when I return to dine at The Flame, I shouldn't have to worry about servers fleeing to serve any other table but mine!
5	Oh my god!!!! I never know their is stake house can have this good ribeye for just 30 dollars!! On top or that som of the wine is only $ 4.50 per class!! I love this place!! U got to have the king ribeye!!
4	Went to dinner here last week with the madre, courtesy of her player's club perk which gave her a $50 food credit for two. Pretty sweet perk!Definitely more of an old-school steakhouse experience, which (in my opinion) isn't a bad thing. When I go out for steak I don't want to feel like I walked into a dance club. Crab cakes were excellent, almost all crab, no cake. My scampi was tasty, though I would have liked a little more garlic (then again, I'm one of those people where "too much garlic" is not enough). My creme brulee dessert was perfect. Mom absolutely loved her French onion soup, filet mignon and apple streusel.Looks like my mom and I have a new monthly dinner spot :)
3	Can't beat the price - But the steak was not on par with other steakhouses I've tried. Good, but not great. If you can afford it, try a Morton's or Ruth's Chris for much superior steak (Though they are not the top of the line in terms of steakhouses, they are pretty nice)Service however was good. We got a complimentary bottle of wine as we checked in at El Cortez, so that made the whole deal really good. I liked that the pianist walked around asking for requests. He was pretty good too. He must have been there for 30 years.
4	Had to go to the Flame for Stone Crab.  They only add to the menu when it is in season.  Started the evening for Happy Hour at the Parlour (2 for 1 martinis!). We couldn't decide on the type of bread, so our server brought us one of each!   We had the calmari as an appetizer.   It was crispy and delicious.  But the star of the evening was the snow crab.  It was so sweet and firm - fresh!  Our server was attentive and so friendly!  We finished the night back in the Parlour.  An Elvis impersonator was performing.  Not that I am an expert, but I thought they playing an Elvis recording!  I love the El Cortez!!!!!
5	Really awesome meal for what you pay. 4 of us dined and 3 of us got the most expensive steak (porterhouse), we also all got a side ($5 each) and we also had 4 cocktails, and a bottle of wine.  Grand total: $180 after tax. So if you want a solid, but not spectacular steak dinner, def. go here!!
2	So-so, even for the El Cortez. I was expecting something super-old-school, slightly dumpy-yet-ironically-cool. What I got was the Cleveland Holiday Inn!Atmosphere is SEVERELY lacking here. There are TVs scattered throughout, I guess so you can watch the game while eating...but they end up lending a very coffee-shop keno vibe. Decor is pretty much nil. Overall a pretty depressing miasma of middle-of-the-roadness smothers any sort of excitement or romance you may be trying to celebrate here.Service was fine, food was meh. I had roasted chicken with mushrooms, which was pretty good, but my friend had the trout almondine which was very dry and lacking any sort of aesthetic presentation whatsoever. We also shared a Caesar salad, which was average.The prices are OK....but not really, considering the grim atmo and complete lack of fun here. You would be much better off going to Binion's Steakhouse down the street, which is a MILLION times cooler, in terms of ambiance.
3	I don't go to nice restaurants, so this is tough. Got the Chanukah special, and was expecting Texas brisket. My Jewish friend told me that's not what Jewish brisket is, so I will call it a wash. My gf got the stone crab, tough to crack but tasty. Free wine w hotel stay boosts the rating. Will be back for steak next time. Sweet potato fries and crab cakes were good, so with steak I'm optimistic. Great service!
4	Great place to go when downtown. There is usually a coupon in the paper.  The food is fairly priced and good.  if you are going to the Smith Center, they give you $10 off/person!!! It's a great deal and very convenient if you are going to the show.
3	We'd never been to El Cortez or the Flame, but when our friends suggested it, we agreed, since I'd heard good things about it.I don't like "old," maybe because I am, and walking through El Cortez to get to the restaurant didn't buoy my spirits, nor did the atmosphere of the Flame once we got inside.  Our friends had reserved a circular booth, but I'm too short to be comfortable in a lot of booths, so we switched to a table.  Unfortunately, it was near a foursome that was in the throes of alcoholic exuberance, and they were cackling and shrieking non-stop, so it was back to that booth, which made it nearly soundproof, even though it wasn't all that far from the table.   The atmosphere and decor of the restaurant reminded me of several old-world restaurants in NYC that my ex-MIL used to us to, the ones senior citizens feel comfortable in.  It's just not my speed.  We rarely go to steak joints, because neither of us is a big fan of steaks.  It takes a really special hunk of meat to wow me, and this wasn't it.  The steak was fine, but not spectacular.  Our friends ordered a mushroom side for the table, and we shared a couple of baked potatoes and asparagus.It was a decent meal for the price, and the service was very good, but I'm not racing back anytime soon.
4	I had the queen cut prime rib and it was quite good, it came the horseradish sauce and au jus.  I also had a side of mushrooms and a bowl of French onion soup, which was also yummy.  FYI if you are going to the Smith center, show the wait staff your ticket and they knock $10 bucks for each diner with a ticket.  Live piano music also.
5	On just arriving in las vegas off the plane and straight to our hotel at the golden nugget we dropped our cases off and walked to the el cortez flame steakhouse .we had the onion soup and then the migon steak the meal was beautiful washed down with two bottles of wine a nice way to sleep jet lag off
4	I had read many positive reviews about the Flame, but was a little leery due to its location in the less than swanky El Cortez.  I was downtown for a little slot action and ended up at the El Cortez.  The El Cortez has a character and vibe all it's own and is a fun place to play slots. I saw the Flame and we decided to give it a shot.  We were glad we did. The service was superb. Our waitress has been working there for 18 years and could not have been more enthusiastic about her job and the food.For an appetizers shad crab cakes which were average, as was the iceberg salad.  My better half had the cream of asparagus soup, which was very good.For the entrees, I had the queen size prime rib.  It was excellent, tender and cooked perfectly. It's not a gigantic serving, so those with a hearty appetite may elect the king size.  My girl had the whitefish which she enjoyed very much. We shared two sides, garlic mashed potatoes and creamed corn. Both were excellent.I will definitely go back. A very good meal, reasonably priced.
4	In a nutshell this place has great prices with top quality steakhouse food. Let me put it this way if the restaurant was inside of the Wynn and called La Flame' it would be 5 stars and ppl would be raving constantly about it. Staff is laid back and pleasant and even the decor has improved since it was Roberta's, one thing that stayed the same is the great food and choices. Hope they don't change as El Cortez and downtown in general get more "hip"
1	What happened? Years ago, me and my husband used to eat at this restaurant, but it wasn't called the Flame. It was called Roberta's. I loved Roberta's. I miss the Hispanic man with the black hair and long sideburns who was professional and has been a fixture of Roberta's for many years.This place sucks now. When it was Roberta's they would give you a veggie platter as an appetizer. They also served stuffed lobster, which is what I wanted last night, but settled for shrimp scampi. My husband ordered the trout special. All he got was trout covered in almonds with tartar sauce on the side? Seriously?The decor used to be light pastel green and pink, very art deco and very easy on the eyes. The new decor is too dark and dreary.We will never be back. The new management ruined it. BRING BACK ROBERTA'S!
4	We went to the Flame Steakhouse before a show at the Smith Center and the service was great and prompt.  I did order a glass of wine and it was bad.  It was a Sangiovese, which I can't imagine gets ordered too frequently so I wasn't totally surprised.  Our server promptly replaced it with a Pinot Noir.  The ambiance was nothing special and the tvs were a strange addition to the dining room.  The food was very good.  I had the beef tournedos which had the fois gras on top.  The steak was perfectly cooked and flavorful and I could cut it with my butter knife.  Next time though I would just order the regular filet because the fois gras didn't add anything to the dish, especially because it was a tiny slice on each tournedos.  My husband had the prime rib and he said that it was good as well but nothing special as far as p rib goes.  I had the "garbage" salad and that was decent.  DH had the caesar and said that it was just okay.  We shared an order of grilled asparagus with hollandaise sauce and the sauce appeared to be made from scratch.  That is always a plus.  Overall, not a bad place for the price, but if you are looking for old time Vegas and don't mind spending a little more, the Golden Steer is the place to go!
5	Absolutely fantastic place!  The service was fantastic, and my filet mignon was cooked to perfection.  I will always come here before attending The Smith Center evening performances!
1	Okay, here is the difference, I am old-school, so I tend to think of the way things used to be. But even taking that into consideration, the last two times I have been here sucked, and it is absolutely the last time I am going. Even if it is free for me. This used to be a great place, you would go in, sit down and get a bowl full of olives, peppers, celery, carrots and green onions. They would also bring out the bread, which was always wonderful. For dinner, we would have our entree as well as soup or salad, vegetables,  baked potato or mashed or rice, and the price was fair.Fast forward to last night. I took my 90 year old mom there. The TV's in the room are very distracting. They are large, hanging from the walls and show ariel views of different exotic locales. The ariel views caused me to have motion sickness, and I tried hard not to look, but they are everywhere. The wait-staff brought a basket of "bread" two little rolls and some kind of horrible tasting cracker things. Let me tell you, I am a human garbage can, and I will eat practically anything within reason, but I couldn't stomach the taste of these really disgusting crackers. I ordered the small portion of prime rib. It was the one saving grace, but I would not have paid over 20.00 for it. It was flavorful and I liked the spices on the crusty part. I did have to take off a HUGE chunk of fat, so it wasn't as big as I thought it would be. There was no vegetable, no salad, no nothing, everything was a la carte. I really didn't want to get a small portion of mushrooms or spinach for an extra $5.00 (although we did have a comp). Now for the bad part, my Mom ordered the Shrimp Scampi. I understand the concept of Al Dente pasta, heck, I even cook my own pasta Al Dente, but this was WAY underdone. The shrimps were horrid. She couldn't eat any of her dinner, and although she wanted to share it with me, I tasted it, and was shocked at how horrible it was.  I shared a bit of my prime rib with her. We have been to the coffee shop a few times in the past, and I know for a fact that the food comes from the exact same kitchen, so I don't know how they can justify the price difference.  The waiter didn't even ask my mom if she wanted something else, even though we told him it was not edible. I would not recommend this place at all, and all I can say is a little relish tray or a small baked potato goes a long way, but maybe those things are just a part of the past in restaurants, I don't know.
4	My reference for "old school" steakhouses in this town is the Broiler at Boulder Station, of which I gave 5 stars.  Both of these steakhouses give you high quality at a great value; without the typical Vegas hype and wannabe cool atmosphere.  This place delivers a solid meal for a great price in a clean and updated environment away from all of the smoke and desperation that typically emanates from all corners of the El Cortez casino.On to the meal:It's known far and wide that I love a good steak meal. It's also known far and wide that I refuse to pay 200+ dollars per person to have said meal.  In this visit I had the Steak Diane which I rarely see on a menu these days.  The steak was good (albeit somewhat thin) and prepared to the proper temperature but it wasn't as I am used to in cut sizes.  I'm also used to the meal being prepared table-side which is not the case here at The Flame.  For sides I had steamed asparagus and baked mac n cheese.  Both were quite good and the mini shells were a nice touch.  The only minor complaint I have is that there was no crab (or lobster) bisque on the menu and the flat bread was stale and chewy.  I feel every steakhouse should offer some type of bisque...self serving requirement as it happens to be one of the only types of soup I'll actually order at a restaurant.The service was quite efficient with proper timing and presentation. I can't comment on the wine selection or quality as I was drinking ice-tea this evening.Overall this place is a 4 out of 5 based on my initial visit.  I hope to return again soon to try other offerings.
4	This place was great and very worth every penny. The food was good and flavorful. I really liked it, the only reason I have to give it 4 out of 5 is because our server was horrible. He didn't do a check back on us and we had to get the check from the hostess. The steak also lacked seasoning even though it was beautifully cooked and a great cut of meat. Just a little salt and pepper before cooking would have made it melt in your mouth.
4	Service with a smile!  I usually get the same funny waiter every time I go.  It's at old downtown so you will require either a taxi or rental car to reach.  You may want to consider going.  I've been here a few times already and believe its worth it.  BTW, prices are pretty good for what you getting!These are the 3 great items I usually order (not at once though):PorterhouseFilet MignonPrime RibThey have a few good sides that you want to add to above:CornMash potatoesMac cheeseMaybe we will bump into each other the next time I'm in Vegas (which is probably in a month).
3	We came here on a Sunday evening and ordered 1. Grilled pork chop, 242. Shrimp scampi linguini, 213. Cream corn to share, 94. Mac n cheese to share, 9For 50 (we used the casino guide $25 off coupon)- In El Cortez. Upon entering, there is a sign that requires appropiate attire, and I came in wearing a hoody and tennis shoes, but I was fine. The restaurant is fancy so I can understand why. Wish I knew in advance. I'm glad they did not turn us away.- We were seated immediately and got our orders in within 10 min. - Service was sub-par for a STEAKHOUSE.1. No introduction, "Hi, my name is...i'll be your server. Today we have..." - It went more like, " Today's fish is...Today's soup is...I'll give you a moment"2. Our busser TAPS. The ultimate no-no! When they fill your water cup their water pitcher touches the cup. Not just once, but consistently...fail. 3. For our left-overs, we had to PACK it ourselves. - Compliments for the steakhouse 1. Live pianist. He played nice Christmas songs. 2. Romantic seating and dining. - Presentation and taste of food was average. 1. The pork chop was grilled well, succulent and not overly seasoned. recommend. 2. The shrimp scampi linguini tasted as if someone spilled their white wine on the dish. 7 pieces of shrimp. do not recommend. 3. Cream corn was okay. I enjoyed the baked layer of cheese on top, but the corn seemed canned, which probably it is not. I just know when I went to ENVY Steakhouse, you can tell they cut off grilled corn on a cob. They did not do that here.4. Mac n Cheese was delicious. Also a nice baked layer of cheese. Shelled-noodle. - This is a nice restaurant to put in El Cortez, but to compare to other Steakhouses, it did not wow me. Although, it is cheaper than most, so that may provide a bit justification.
1	Went to dinner tonight and was looking very forward to it... I gave it one star because we had a great table, although the TV was distracting and we have good service. We started with the French soup and wedge salad. Both were good, but how can they not be, not too hard to screw up. Then we ordered the panko fried shrimp, filet mignon & steak Diane. Not sure what they were thinking on the shrimp.. 6 shrimp with a thick batter tossed on top of a few lettuce strips and served with ketchup & butter. Filet was tough and the Steak Diane appeared to be more like Salisbury Steak. Onion Rings and asparagus were ok.. Typically I would give a restaurant another chance in case it was a bad night, but this is a steak house and if it was like this the first time, don't think there could be much improvement on a second trip.
4	The We 5 of us went. 4 carnivores and me (the vegan). When I ordered off the menu ( I asked for stir-fry vegeys in olive oil ), the waiter didn't miss a beat, and said "sure, no problem". Excellent service. My friends ordered steaks, and shrimp dishes. Reasonable for the price, was the consensus. I loved the atmosphere there, as well as at El Cortez. It's "Old Vegas", not Tacky Fremont Vegas.
5	Stone crab special is back. $28.99-- 1.5 pounds , coleslaw and fried potatoes. Best deal in town. I would suggest going on Friday because they usually sell out by Saturday.
5	So yummy. Old school service and venue. They are so accommodating and casual. But the atmosphere is surprisingly elegant. The piano player is wonderful. He plays some great Sinatra. That lends to the old time Vegas. The shrimp cocktail is fresh and delicious with a great homemade cocktail sauce that has a great hint of fresh horseradish. Do not miss the best creamed corn you will ever eat in your life. Order it. You can thank me later. Sadly, they took the ribeye off the menu. It was my favorite. However, a great server introduced me to the Steak Diane. The cognac mustard sauce threw me off. However, it was so incredible. It honestly was the best sauce I have ever eaten. The server told me to order extra next time and add mashed potatoes. I will!! I still dream about that sauce. The strawberries romanoff for desert is crazy good. We get it every time. It is a mix of fresh strawberries, cream, orange liquor and ice cream. It is so much better than it sounds. Enjoy!!
4	We went to the Flame because it earned Desert Companions best downtown steakhouse award.  And it earned it.  Now let's stArt with this: it's downtown people, it's not the strip.  It's not a celebrity chef, it's not a sparkly new hotel.  It's old Vegas and I am down with it!The prices can't be beat for a steakhouse.  I started with the garbage salad and I highly recommend it.  It's iceberg with artichokes, kalamata olives, mozzarella and salami with a lemon vinegarette.  My friend had the wedge and the dressing was delightfully garlicky.Next came the filet mignon with bernaise.  As good as I have had.  For sides we got the Mac and cheese and onion rings.  Now, at six bucks the desserts are cheap, but next time I will skip them.  Nothing worth writing about.On Friday there is generally a coupon in the Neon section of the paper for a free bottle of wine....take advantage!!!
1	Went to the Flame 4/25 for dinner.Waited about 10 minutes to get seated there was no host to greet us and another party.Sign says proper attire required.Means nothing.There were people with white undershirts,shorts anything goes.Takes away from the whole experience,along with the tvs.The Phillipine host,server and busser were all very disorganized and gruff.We ordered oysters rockefeller,fried calamari,and onion soup for appetizers.Oysters were cold and very small,no taste.Onion soup was ok.Fried calamari was ok a little overdone.Bread was a big disappointment,no taste a little bigger than golf balls.Most of these places have really good bread.For entrees we ordered prime rib,ny and a caesars salad.Sides were sweet potatoe fries and hand cut fries.Prime rib was dried out  grilled .NY was good.Caesars salad was small and nothing to write home about.Can get a better one just about anywhere else.French fries and sweet potatoe fries were good,portions were very small.Asked for A1,server forgot about it.Getting refills,clearing the table and removing crumbs were non-existent.When the check came our server said  "I will take it when your ready,"then stood by our table until we were ready.We gave her a debit card she disappeared for 15 minutes.We saw her serving a large party nearby in the interim.Then finally came back with our card.No reason to go here.Circus Circus,Vic and Anthonys,Binions blow this place away.
3	This is a decent steakhouse in downtown Vegas. It is not mind blowing gourmet like many places on the strip but it offers a decent steak at a fair price.
5	My boyfriend brought me here a few weeks ago. When he made the reservation online, he noted it was my birthday. So...it's true the ambiance could use a little more pizazzle, but don't let that deter you from trying out this gem. Our server was outstanding. He also greeted me with Happy Birthday! So did the manager and the piano player, who also asked if I wanted to make a song request :DBoth of our meals were awesome. I had the tournedos filet. The whole dish was so frikkin delicious I still think about it to this day and can't wait to go back. I was also brought a dessert with a candle to top off my amazing meal. They went above and beyond to make sure my birthday was memorable at this restaurant. We spent three hours there we were so comfortable and having so much fun. Everything from the food, to the entertainment, the wine, to the service was top shelf. Thank you for making my birthday extra special! Cheers!
2	I decided to try this place before it shut down this Sunday.  Unfortunately it didn't hit the mark.Calamari - Cut too big, undercooked, watery marinara, chewyMash Potatoes - No Seasoning, lumpy, dry....Crab Cake - Cold, sat on a bed of Smith's grocery store cabbage, Sour tasting Remoulade.Cream Corn - Canned Cord!Bread - Lavosh was so salty it was inedible.Prices were good but the food preparation was awful.  Surprised flame lasted this long.
2	This "steakhouse" was so bad, it made me question the integrity of some of the awards thrown around in this town. I heard that it was closing this sunday and now I know why. First of all, the quality of product is so cheap. Lavosh that was set upon bread service was inedible due to so much salt. Maybe the clientele is so old, they're taste buds don't notice. Ordered a few sides, mac n cheese was mediocre at best but best thing we ordered all night. Among appetizers, the calamari was rubber. Not just "rubbery", Thick cut and overcooked, then piled into a deep bowl so it steams itself as it sits. Horrible. The crab cakes were cold inside and flavorless. My steak was not seasoned at all, and I took two bites before I asked for the check. Never was my table touched or anyone asking why we did not eat more than two bites of anything. Service is worse I've had since I left a Philadelphia diner at 2am ten years ago. Very sad place with no feeling of a classy "old school" steakhouse. More like everyone gave up. Best business decision for EC is to close this cult followed abomination. two stars because you don't say bad things about people on their funeral. Good riddance to the flame...
4	This restaurant is located inside of a casino that wasn't on the strip.  Sure the casino may not look upscale or modern nor trendy...but it sure has a yummy steakhouse!I came here with a group of people who I mostly met for the first time. I had a blast and I was very excited. Why? Well, coming from California I already had a mission leaving the Golden State: have foie gras.So simply, I ordered:TOURNEDOS OF BEEF ROSSINI - $28Seared twin filet mignonettes, pate foie gras, madeira demi-glace.Are you kidding me?! I get both filet mignon AND foie mignon?! Oh man am I in for a treat!  I was hesitant to order a while steak like everyone else but my tiny self don't need all that meat! I'd much rather pay a bit more for better quality meat (in my opinion) that is a good portion for me.  I get these two decent size filet mignon that was so rich and flavorful that is topped with the wonderful page foie gras! AHHHH!!! I ate the while thing! However the steak entrees here do not come with sides.  You'll have to order that separately.  The side I chose to order and share with my new friends was:GARLIC MASHED POTATOES - $9Roasted Garlic, buttermilkThis was. Sharing portion so it was plenty! It was delicious creamy mashed potatoes that had a slight hunt of garlic! Perfect with steaks!For dessert our server verbally explained to us what they all are.  Here's what I ended up choosing because it sounded so fantastic: STRAWBERRIES ROMANOFF - $8 Fresh hulled strawberries macerated in Cointreau, orange juice, ice cream, whipped topping.Okay, so the way our server describe this dessert was like a truffle.  He elaborated so poetically how it has a layer of this and that and then this as if it's the most amazing piece of art! So of course I had to have it! It sounded like something unique and the name alone had me thinking I never had such an exotic sounding dessert!  So the dessert comes out and placed in front of me.  This is a strawberry milkshake.  I had my first taste. This tastes like strawberry milkshake.  I was so amused!  Don't get me wrong this romanoff tasted like a decent strawberry milkshake! I should have gone with the chocolate cake...that's called chocolate cake, heh.I had wine but I won't bother talking about it cuz I'm no wino so I'm no one to elaborate on any okay wordy smokey berry tastes I get having it. :POverall I had a wonderful time with great company.  My entree was amazing and I consider myself a lucky Californian ;) (stupid CA law).  :P
1	The Flame is No longer burning. This Vintage, Iconic Steakhouse has closed its doors     for good in September of 2014.Construction has begun on a new place. So Sad.
