3	Here we have an Island themed restaurant in the vein of Tokyo Joe's and others.I tried a pulled pork sandwich with "rumbi fries" which are regular pencil fries mixed with crinkle cut sweet potato fries.  The pork was pretty good, could have been less dry.  It had a slight smoky flavor.The fries were good although I could do without the coating on the sweet potato fries (or any fries as far as that goes).  The meal was served with a nice BBQ sauce and ala Salt Lake City, fry sauce.Eat outside and enjoy the resident sparrows which emit impertinent chirps if you toss them a crumb and then nothing else for a few minutes.  I had no idea a bird not much bigger than a ketchup packet could be reduced to begging and groveling for tidbits of my dinner.
5	OMGI freakin' love this place!How have I not been here before??!?!?!I want to eat here everyday.I had the spicy teriyaki chicken with brown rice, and I thought it was AMAZINGMy bf had the pulled pork and I tried it and thought it was better than most of the pulled pork we had in Hawaii (though they don't carry poi... boo)So yeah.  I dug this place.  I'm excited to try the other items on the menu, although since the teriyaki was soooo good it'll be hard not to get it!AGHH!I LOVE!
5	I have to agree with the first review- How did I not know about this place?  How had I never been here before?  I have been there 4 times in the two weeks since I first discovered it.  Each time I have ordered the same meal...  one of the bowls.  They have two sizes- half bowl and full bowl.  I think the half bowl is plenty big enough for one person.  Once I ordered the full and I think it is the same amount of stuff on top and just more rice on the bottom, it wasn't worth the extra buck to me.  Once you pick which size bowl you want you pick your protein.  They have chicken, pork, tofu, veggie and others, I think.  I always order the tofu.  Whichever topping you pick it also has the other half of the bowl covered in veggies.  A combination of zuchinni, celery and broccoli.  Under the protein and veggies is your choice of rice- white, brown or rice and red beans or for 79c extra you could have noodles.  I always get brown rice and it is awsome tasting as well as healthy.  Then you pick your sauce which comes in a little cup on the side.  Choices are teriyaki- regular or spicy, jerk and something else.  I always get spicy, yummm...A couple times I ordered the Rumbi fries and enjoyed them and the sauce they came with.I highly recommend this counter service restaurant.
4	If you are craving some island food in Chandler then this is the place to go. Get past the backyard Hawaiian themed decor and the "Tropical Friday" shirts the staff has to wear and the food is pretty good. I would not say it is the best Hawaiian food but it will do. The Luau Pork plate is one of my favorite then I would say the lunch bowls are a close second (with the Rumbi Rice). I would recommend passing on the steak selection as it is not all that great. As I have stated before, fresh brewed iced tea is always a good thing. Two kinds, regular and mango.
5	My friend from work and I ate here on our lunch hour and I was impressed not only with the delicious food, but the impeccable service. One of the managers actually remembered my friend -by name- although she hadn't eaten there in several months! When my fiancee and I decided to throw a Luau style engagement party, I decided to call them about catering. I went in and spoke with Eric, who was super helpful and even let me try a couple of the sides. He really took the extra time to listen to our needs and understand our budget. Eric was sooo accommodating!! He delivered our dinner for 45 people personally and even offered to grab any last minute (non Rumbi) items that we may have needed on the way! Our party was a huge hit!! Everyone complimented the food. ERIC-THANK YOU AGAIN SO MUCH, YOU MADE OUR PARTY A HUGE SUCCESS!
4	Great food, fresh crispy veggies, excellent service. I love the luau pork, but it's kind of salty, even for me considering I love salty food!  Mango iced tea is very refreshing and key lime pie is gooood. I have tried the tofu but it has been hit or miss the way they cook it.I like it crispier (or as crispy as you can get tofu:)
4	Wow cool place! It was a toss up between this and Roy's Fusion; I'm glad I checked the reviews on Roy's to discover it is a "nice" place before I walked in there looking like "The Dude" and embarrassing everyone. The tastes are amazing -- got the Luau Pork Plate with Rumbi rice and it was fantastic. Spicy sauces were flying everywhere. My wife got the fish tacos which were excellent also. Overall, a way better bang for your buck than, say, Rubio's.
3	First time burger and fries mix, the sweet potato fries are tasty.  But nothing memorable that drove me to come back until months later, a co-worker wanted to try it...Had the chicken and steak bowl with brown rice, on the side they kindly gave me both the teriyaki spicy and peanut sauce.  Teriyaki spicy won and chicken over thinly chopped steak (tasted a little off actually).  Servings are generous but nothing that will drive me to come back until someone asks me to join them again.
5	Wow! Great island food! Very flavorful and fresh. The menu isn't vast, but it is oh-so-good!  Makes me want to go back to the islands!
5	I love eating here- although i'd eventually like to try the entire menu, my mouth waters so badly at a few items I can't do without! You order at the counter then get a number, and your food is brought out to you in real dishes. My favorites:Luau Pork- decent portion of meat served over rice (I suggest the rumbi coconut/red bean rice) with some creamy macaroni salad. I don't care for the sauce it comes with by default, but instead I ask for the Orange Chicken Sauce. Kahuna burger- a perfectly cooked explosion of delicious! It has two thin beef patties, swiss cheese, and pineapple. The combination of things, along with some mayo and a sweet squishy bun, is incredibly addictive. It comes with some sauce but i've never used it..better yet, it comes with:RUMBI FRIES: A tasty mix of regular fries and seasoned sweet potato fries. One time they even let me have all sweet potato fries, now THAT made me a happy customer. :) They come with a sauce that i'm pretty sure is just ketchup and mayo mixed together. I hardly ever eat fries but can't get enough of these.Key Lime Pie: It's very limey, you get a large slice. Perhaps not top notch, but better than what you can easily find in the area.I've never tried the entree salads, but once asked for a side caesar that was fairly large and did not disappoint. I've also had the brown rice but prefer the mix of the rumbi rice. If you check your junk mail, they send out coupons quite often. Rumbi is fantastic for a quick casual meal or take out!
3	I love the volcano blackened mahi mahi and the salads are great! And I love the ambiance - it's like being on an island in the desert!!The food is so so good, but there's one huge problem -  I end up with bad stomach issues every time I eat here - regardless of what I order (on separate occasions: fried shrimp, pineapple burger, volcano plate, salad, fries, chicken bowl)....and I have *zero* food allergies and eat out a lot without issues.  I would eat there all the time if there was some guarantee that I wouldn't be doubled over afterward.
3	I'm with Ada G. on this one.  I've had some different things from here and every time I get a stomach ache too.  Now don't get me wrong, it always tastes great, it just doesn't feel good afterwards.  I can't figure it out...
4	Eat lunch and chill out, perfect! I'd never heard of Rumbi until I got some coupons in the mail (yeah, I said coupons, I'm not ashamed to use them) So I figured we would give it a shot since we were burnt out on all the other local convenient eateries. It was cool and calm (as in not bustling with people making your lunch suck) inside, I liked the island decor for a change, it was hip, but the best part was the reggae beats pumping through the speakers, LOVED it! They have several bowls, salads, wraps, sandwiches and burgers to choose from. But what do they have for vegans you ask? Well this Vegan got the Organic Tofu bowl (see pics), with teriyaki sauce and the Rumbi rice which is rice and red beans simmered in coconut milk, so delicious! I got the half size and it was still two portions for me. A lot of food lightly dressed in the sauce with zucchini, carrots, celery and broccoli that was not overcooked. It was much fresher, much tastier and not greasy compared to a Pei Wei bowl. We shared some Rumbi fries too(see pics), half sweet potato and half regular, solid choice, nice and crisp. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating and the restaurant was very clean.It's nice to know I have another accidentally vegan option out there, I will go back.
4	So, my number one Jewish girlfriend took me to this place that she just knew would make me feel at home.  She was trying to make up for a momentary lapse in judgement about what was the most important thing to do on May Day...Anyhooo... She is now fully pardoned!Rumbi made me miss my momma when I got a whiff of their Caribbean Chicken and Shrimp entree.   This with a side of Rumbi fries made me want to forget that I was at a strip mall in the dessert and was instead at a get-a-way somewhere between Maui and Montego Bay!  Don't ask how that is possible. Ask instead how I managed to eat the rumbi rice down to the last grain without ever mentioning curry goat.This island fusion blend made this island gal feel like she should have had her  mom open up a franchise and add a few more menu items.  Don't get me wrong; if you wanted to be in Hawaii, you know this place had it covered.  But a little more of the Caribbean could have been represented is all that I am saying.  So to remedy that, add curry!  Add echoveiche fish and plantains!  Perhaps some carrot juice....Either way,  who needs Jack in the Box EVER when you have this festive fast food fix frankly?
5	I eat here whenever I'm in Chandler, AZ.. Fresh & Great bowls, blacken Mahi, fish tacos & sweet potato fries. Good mango ice tea as well. Everyone I've turned on to this place is a regular now.A Must Try! You'll love it.
4	I'm on board with this place.  An island themed fast casual place that has great chicken rice bowls.  I haven't tried anything else, but I always dig places that can do a good brown rice bowl with fresh veggies and good chicken with a good sauce.  Rumbi does it.  The burger looks mysterious to me, but there are so many places out there that do a good burger, I don't anticipate trying theirs.
4	Cheap, good, "Hawaiian" food. Until this place opened, there were really only a few choices for "Hawaiian" food. Roy's Hawaiian Fusion is an interesting option, but you begin to lose interest when you see the prices on the menu. This place serves as an amazing, cheap alternative.Okay, maybe its not your cheap $5-7 lunch, its just a tad bit more depending on what you get. I got the combo entree which had shrimp and chicken, rice, and a small salad. Before I talk about the food, let me reiterate my hate for seafood and shrimp. I just don't like it for some reason. This place's shrimp is one of the few places I will eat shrimp. Its the seasoning that makes the texture of shrimp bearable for me. Likewise, the chicken also has a really unique taste. If you want tingly taste buds and want something unique, try this place out. Service is good, food is interesting, and you get quite a bit of food for what you pay.
5	We love the yummy Sweet Potatoe fries (you can ask for the Rumbi fries to be Sweet only).  My husband loves the Luau plate.  I usually get a chicken bowl and the large is so big I share with my youngest daughter.My daughter with Celiacs Disease gets a rice bowl with naked vegetables and chicken.  They now have a gluten free sauce (yeah)!The service is good, you order at the front counter and then they bring you the food.  The last time to food took a little longer then usual and they gave us a coupon for free meal with out asking.
3	This place has a very interesting menu, with a decent selection of salads, burgers, and rice bowls. For the bowls, you get to choose your meat, your style of rice, and the sauce.I went with a bowl. I got the chicken, with Rumbi Rice which is flavorful, and the Jamaican Jerk sauce. The portions were huge, the dish was very tasty - BUT incredibly salty!!I might go back to try something different (the Kahuna Burger sounds interesting) but if it's anywhere near as salty as this one, I won't go back.
5	My hubby and I love this place.  We hit it easily 2-3 times a week for lunch.  Occasionally, we will visit for dinner.  The dining room is always crowded during lunch, but, the service is extremely efficient.  The restrooms are impeccably clean!  The manager, Eric, and his staff are very friendly and accommodating.Onto the food... We've tried several items on the menu, from the different burgers to several rice bowls to fish tacos to the salads.  Portions are large enough to share and they will even split it into two bowls/plates for you.  We have never been disappointed in flavor on any item.  Give Rumbi's a try and you won't be disappointed!
4	I've been here for lunch a few times and have never been let down. Never too busy. Not too expensive. The portions are large. I always get a rice bowl, with brown rice. No matter what sauce I get it's always tasty. The music it always an island mix which goes with the theme and has a nice calming effect. The service here is always fast and friendly.
2	All My friends love this place... So I went along on a lunch trip and walked into a very busy restaurant walk up to the counter and ordered the Luau Pork Plate (Slow roasted pulled Kalua pork topped with teriyaki sauce. Served with creamy Island macaroni salad, Asian slaw and white rice. With an order of the Rumbi Fries A mix of sweet potato & regular French fries, with Rumbi Fry Sauce. I was not impressed with my meal at all it was ok and the fried were ok as well. I will not be going back to this spot for lunch anytime soon.
4	With regard to rice bowls, this place is better than average.  I had the Jamaican Jerk Cicken & Steak today.  Pretty good other than a piece of steak was unchewable.
5	We love this place. I have never tried anything on their menu that I didn't like. I really enjoy the Rumbi Beach Burger, Chicken Teriaki Sandwich, and Pulled Pork sandwich. Their sweet potato fries are excellent. Always good to wash it down it a Mango Iced Tea. I'm just disappointed that the location in east Phoenix and Scottsdale have closed. Wish they would reopen another closer to our home.
4	My family and I eat here often.  The food is very good, and there is a lot of variety - salads, rice and noodle bowls, burgers and more.   My favorite bowl is the hawaiian teriyaki chicken with noodles.  Most often though I get the kahuna burger with sweet potato fries.  Prices are very reasonable and they have kids eat free nights on Mondays and Tuesdays.  Only complaint I have is that the sweet potato fries are sometimes not very fresh, but when they are, they are very good.
2	Pretty disappointing overall.  Rice was undercooked, food was in some cases too sweet, in others too bland.  Not impressed.
3	Decent place. Nice and clean. Food is ok. Had a pulled pork sandwich. Whatever liquid was on it soaked through the bread making it really soggy. I don't like my bread having the consistency of being in water all day. I will try them again a second time to see if anything else is worth having. Conclusion, not a bad place.
4	My family and I love this place.  We have a 9 year old who hasn't yet developed an adventurous palate, but he loves the burger and the chicken strips, so we can take him there and be free to enjoy some of their interesting and unusual sandwiches and  fantastic salads (although they recently took our favorite off the menu).  The music is great too, really sets an "island" vibe.  But what really sets this place apart is the staff.    Rumbi has done a great job of hiring upbeat, friendly, helpful, cheerful staff who remain that way at all times.  You'll likely just feel good about being here, there are a variety of relatively healthy menu items, and it won't break the bank.
4	I love this little find, thanks to a friend of mine! While it might not be anything super special compared to another chicken and rice bowl, I do like that they have the option of brown rice and all their veggies aren't just onions.Overall, a tasty meal with only 500 calories for the small bowl. Sounds good to me! :D
2	I've been to Rumbi probably a few dozen times.  Worked near the (now closed) Rumbi on Frank Lloyd Wright in Scottsdale and ate there several times.  Have gone to this one in Chandler several times.  I always get the same thing, Jamaican Jerk Chicken.  OK, yeah, call me boring.  So I know what it tastes like.  And it always tasted the same until last Sunday, when it was different.  After a few bites i realized what I ordered isn't what I got.  So I handed it off to the manager looking dude and told him I'd prefer to get what I actually ordered.  His response was to bring it back to my table and try to convince me that what I had was what i actually ordered.  Bye bye, Chandler Rumbi, I won't be back.  Mistakes are OK, they just need to be corrected.  Explain aways are not OK.
1	Ate there last night. Had a big hair in my food. Kinda grossed me out so I only ate half. What I tasted was good.
5	A favorite of ours for family dining.  Rumbi Island Grill has a tasty menu, and reasonable prices.  The service sometimes seems to be hit or miss, but overall it's pretty good.  We frequent this place when we are dining with our three kids as there is always something for everyone.  Mac & Cheese for the youngest, cheese burgers for the teen, and tasty bowls and salads for parents.Can't beat the music playlist, always some good roots reggae playing!
4	Had the pulled pork sandwich and was blown away by how tender, juicy and flavorful it was. Definitely slow roasted. I'm glad I has the sauce on the side because it didn't need any and would have ruined the experience! Had chips and salsa on the side... Not sure why... They were nothing special.Good alternative to fast food without being too much more expensive. Sort of a Hawaiian version of Qdoba (in dining experience, not food). No waitstaff.
3	I forgot to bring my lunch to work and I was tired of the usual places so I decided to check Rumbi's out.  There was one person in front of me in line but no one at the counter to help either of us.  We waited for a couple minutes and then a woman came out and started helping the lady in front of me.  She seemed very friendly and apologized to both of us for the wait.  Then a guy came out from the back and went to a second register and motioned to me that he could help me.Since this was my first time here I asked him if he had any recommendations for what was good and I swear he rolled his eyes at me.  Didn't exactly give me a great impression of the place.  He mentioned a couple things but at that point I honestly didn't care what he said so I just picked the Island Chicken Sandwich with the Jerk sauce to go.It didn't take long for them to make my food which was nice since I was on my lunch break and time is precious!  Once I sat down to eat it I was happy with the presentation and the flavors were good too.  The bun was nice and soft, the chicken was cooked nicely and it was a huge piece too!  Not to mention the flavor combination of the grilled pineapple with the jerk sauce and cheese was great.I'm not writing this place off due to this experience since it wasn't completely horrible and the food was good, but I'll definitely be hoping I get the woman who works there and not this guy again.
5	My bf and I were in the area and looking for a place to eat on Friday night. We weren't sure what to eat so of course we had to pull up Yelp and of course Yelp saves the day because this place was amazing! I've never heard of it and neither one of us has ever had Caribbean food before so we wanted to try something new and I'm so glad we did! He ordered the Rumbi beach burger combination which comes with fries and a drink while I ordered the Island Chicken Jerk sandwich. We always try to order different things at new restaurants so we can both experience something new and see what we like. We're both actually kind of competitive because we like seeing who ordered the better dish lol. And in this case apparently HE won! His burger was so amazingly mouth watering! He said he almost didn't even want to give me his half of it! haha. My sandwich was also good but not as good as his. Everything was so good at this restaurant. Even the fries and the special sauce that came with it was amazing! Not to mention the price is SOOOOO reasonable. I think the only negative thing I have to say is I wish the location was easier to find. We had to drive around for a while to find it, but it was definitely worth it in the end. =)The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. I'm so glad we found this place on yelp because I will DEFINITELY be coming back. All this talk is making me want to ditch work and go get one right now! Trust me folks, you won't be disappointed. =)
4	They have a special every day of the week. For 6.99.
1	This place was awesome when it first opened. The manager was on point and the service was as good as the food. NOW! It sucks. So disappointing. Management matters.
2	Been here twice now. The first experience was blah. The second the same and for that you get a friendly two stars. Forget why this place has a Hawaiian Island theme when the menu really just serves rice bowls and burgers. So let's talk about the rice bowls, of which I had on both occasions. After waiting entirely too long for my food, it came out luke warm both times and having ordered the chicken with a different flavor option, the chicken is really nothing more than pre-cooked cubes which you are invited to drown in a store-bought sauce. I wouldn't have minded waiting longer if I was convinced that any part of my meal was prepared fresh and not so blatantly pre-made. I've had worse, but not necessarily rushing back.
4	This place is great for a quick, healthy bite to eat. I found this place through a 2-for-1 coupon and could not be more pleased. I highly recommend the fire-grilled chicken teriyaki bowl. Very tasty and I love the veggies that come with...my only complaint is that I swear I have gotten a few frozen veggies in my mix before. It's so hard to say for sure since the portions are so big that my food get cold before I can finish it anyway. Overall...very good, fair prices, worth a visit!
5	I always have a great experience when I eat at Rumbi. Food is made fresh and fast and the employees are always super nice and helpful. And also patient when I spend a little too much time looking at the menu! The dining room is always clean, but I will admit that I usually visit right after they open on the weekends. Since there are no trash cans you have leave your dirty dishes on the table, but since I've never been for dinner I can't vouch for how they keep up with the messes during busy periods.
3	The Jamaican Jerk chicken brown rice bowl has fantastic flavors. The chicken was a little on the rubbery side but the flavors were terrific! I will be back to try other menu items.
4	Good lunch but a little pricy for my taste.  The employees were extremely friendly and very helpful.   Checked on us twice to make sure everything was well.  I had the white rice teriyaki bowl with pork and tofu.   tofu was good, pork was very good and the vegetables were fresh and a good variety.  I'll be back to try something different.
5	My favorite casual restaurant and I eat here frequently.  I am not fond of rice so stick to salads.  They will also do "all salad" and no rice for the plates..  Love the tofu option and iced tea is always fresh.  The catered salads are beautifully presented. Sign up for club rumbi......
3	First time dining at Rumbi's this week, tried a chicken rice bowl with brown rice and the spicy Hawaiian teriyaki glaze, which wasn't spicy.  The chicken, veggies and glaze were good, but there was WAY too much rice, which I couldn't finish.  Would rather have more veggies and less rice. Overall, it was just average, but good enough to try again.
3	First time here and loved the atmosphere.  Went there around lunch time and was glad it isn't crowded like other restaurants in the area.  The meal was prepped and delivered to us in a timely manner.  The only bad thing about this place is the lack of portion honesty.  My coworker and I did a lunch run for the office.  Some ordered full bowls and some ordered half.  We were told the full bowls come with more rice AND meat.  Unfortunately when we opened our to-go bowls up, we were disappointed at the fact that we paid more than the half sized bowls for more rice and the same amount of meat.  What's the point?
5	Mhmmmm so good. I had the half sized rice bowl with pork and Caribbean jerk sauce. It was very filling and it was so tasty. The pork was tender and not fatty at all. The rice and veggies were well cooked too! Can't wait to try another dish!
5	I LOVE this place! I work next door and eat here at least 2 to 3 times a week. The staff here are all extremely friendly. You can tell that they genuinely like working there and like working with customers. The food is always great. I get the rice bowls or a salad and I ALWAYS get the sweet potato fries! They are to die for.
5	We eat here a few times a month usually. We eat their Rumbi Burger often along with their Rumbi fries which are a mixture of regular french fries and sweet potato fries which are both perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. They serve their fries with a special Rumbi sauce which seems to be something similar to a thousand island sauce... delicious!   We recently tried their fish tacos which were great as well, and their blackened salmon is a must! Great food for a great price!
5	Excellent. Very fresh and more on the healthy side. Definitely recommend. This is the second time here this week. Glad I found it.
5	I have eaten here twice on trips to visit a friend in the area. LOVE this place! Took the boyfriend on the second trip and he also enjoyed it. The big bowl is enough food for two meals. Thinking of relocating to Phoenix and I'm pretty excited at the idea of trying more food options from this place. :)
5	What can I say but...all good, every time! This is my default lunch location because I know I will enjoy whatever dish I choose. Island Mac, Sweet Potato Fries, Salmon, Fish Tacos, Spinach Salad are all delicious. This place never disappoints.
4	Pretty good, you can keep it some what healthy also if that's what your looking for.  Get a full bowl and bring some home
5	For the mid price lunch above fast food, Rumbi is the boss for good ingredients and choice. Non-soda options are pretty good too.  The pineapple upside down cake is awesome!
3	The food here is island inspired and the decor and music went along with the food. We really enjoyed it! My boyfriend had the beach burger and I had the island chicken sandwich. The burger was juicy and topped high with fresh veggies and a toasted bun. The chicken was actually quite thick and also really moist, and was also topped with fresh tomato, onion and lettuce. Their fries are pretty basic but good. The drinks are a self serve soda fountain. The staff was decently friendly, the restaurant was pretty clean and the atmosphere was inviting. The reason for the 3 stars is we were supposed to get the mixed fries of regular and sweet but we only got regular. Also I do feel it's a bit pricey. We go two sandwiches, one drink and one fry and it was nearly $17. Maybe if that total came with both drinks and two fries it wouldn't seem as bad. Overall though it was really good and we'd try them again.
5	Excellent food and service! Try the luau pork plate it's delicious!
1	I ordered the Kahuna Burger and fries. Visually it looked tasty. I soon discovered differently. The quality of hamburger they use is terrible. There a lot of grizzle and fat throughout which made it chewy.  The fries are mixed with regular and sweet potato fries. The first few I ate were ok but did not last. I will not eat there again. Jack-In-The-Box is better and their food is subpar.
