5	UPDATE: I think this place caught fire and closed. Whoops. (But I do believe they're back in business now.)This is my Mill Ave. restaurant of choice. With a decent wine selection, I suggest your try the Aqua Orange Pinot Noir. If you like fish, this is your place. The Salmon is great. Oh, and did I mention that their BBQ Chicken pizza is heaven-sent? They also offer a Jerk Chicken to please those less adventurous eaters. Not to mention a very delicious filet. Can you tell I've eaten here often? Well, I have. This place is on the list for KAET donors and their discount passports, so I do like to go eat here - great food, great price for a great cause!Their chocolate desserts are yummy, too. And I like the decor. The flame the greets you when you walk up to the entrance is pleasing to the eye. I could do without the TV broadcasting all things sports (just contradicts the vibe - not that I don't like sports). I like the musica, generally, when it's 80's and very fun loving.
2	We ate there last Saturday, before heading out to the comedy club. While it was an enjoyable dinner, I have to say I was just not impressed and will probably not return. The food looks great on their website, and the descriptions really are what made us decide to dine there. But the reality didn't meet our expectations. Service was definitely A+. I have to say that much. Our server was great! He was on the ball, put up with all our crap (we had two smart-asses in the group), and kept our glasses full.Our  meals were blah all the way around...We started with an appetizer of "fire stix" - beef on a stick in a spicy sauce and fried wontons. The wontons were stale, the marinated and mequite grilled beef tasted bland and neither marinated nor mesquite grilled, and the hot sauce was more sweet than hot.The Southwest Salad (with a Chicken breast on top) was nothing out of this world, though very tasty and I did enjoy it.One of my companions ordered the Marguerita Pizza, of which I had a taste. It seemed like re-heated pizza. I'm not saying it was, but it TASTED that way. The crust was way chewy, and the toppings seemd to have been drying up on it for a while. My companion was not happy with it either.Another dining companion ordered the Strawberry Spinach Salad (has apples, candied walnuts and goat cheese with a strawberry vinaigrette). She liked it, but wasn't impressed. Our fourth member had the Southwest Kobe Beef Burger and loved it. It looked great, but i can't really give a fair review on this one. He didn't give me much feedback to work with.
4	I have to admit, I was kind of skeptical about this place, but it turned out pretty damn good. It was a Saturday night and the place was completely empty for most of our meal, which usually is a sign that you should run out the door as quickly as you can, but we stuck it out and I had some really really good pork tenderloin. It was a tad on the pricey side and it felt a little creepy being the lone couple in a room that seats 200 people, but the trade-off was some extra-good service.I'd go back, sure.
2	I remember the food being pretty decent, however the service was really sub-par.I came here with a large group of about 35 people on a Saturday night, and Grilled Expedition gave us the upstairs dining room.  No one else was there, so we had the whole room to ourselves, which was fantastic.  However, it took the better part of an hour after we ordered for everyone to get their food, and the order of one person in our party was completely dropped without any explanation or warning.  He finally began eating his meal after pretty much everyone else had finished.  I understand that handling large parties like this is hard, but I believe an hour wait is outside of reasonable expectations.The worst part was, it took the better part of 30 minutes to reconcile the bill due to our incompetent waitress who persisted in charging us incorrectly.  We go to Tempe almost every year, but we're never coming back here.
3	This place has closed permanently. Major bummer, Mill keeps hiking the rent and there are not many businesses left that can afford it.
