4	Stopped by this place on our drive back towards home from Las Vegas. It was very late in the evening so there wasn't that many people around.The server behind the station was very nice, he offered a cup for water without us asking for it!The place is kept tidy with the employers wiping the tables right after the customers left,  and we got a generous portion of not so bad chinese food.Nothing to complain
4	Excellent, prompt & polite service. High quality food & drinks. Very clean place.
4	Mom's favorite is the honey walnut shrimp and the food here is always fresh
1	Tried to pick up a quick meal on the way from the Railway and have a picnic at the park.  Sadly the honey walnut shrimp was soggy and the shrimp meat was tough and chewy especially at the tail ends.  They served us the brown fried rice (yeck!) instead of white fried rice.  Ate half of it hoping it was just a few bad pieces, nope it just got worse.  Next day I had the bad food stomach botulism hangover.  My girls orange chicken looked like it fresh enough.  Never realized how to appreciate the Las Vegas fast food until I ordered shrimp in a small town where they probably don't like seafood in general or they just can't fathom spending another buck on it.  Still love you Boulder City but fcuk this Panda yo.
1	Periodically, about every six months, I come back to give this location in BC a retry since I live here. Today a friend wanted to eat lunch here and she was paying so once again I gave them a shot at a decent meal. I'm not expecting a fine dining experience at a fast food Chinese restaurant but have had good, fairly healthy food at other Panda's. One may exchange the rice & noodles for veggies if desired. The problems with the food today was the same as my other visits, the veggies were old and dried out as were several of the entrees. They offered to cook fresh veggies which the pieces were too big, no flavor and still cool to the touch. The two chicken entrees were not hot or even warm for that matter. The chicken and the veggies as well as the sauce was all at an unacceptable temperature and just not worth eating. I'm feeling like this was my final try at a decent meal here at the BC Panda Express. BTW, spring rolls were cold, too!
5	The drive-thru waitresses Cindy E. and Rosa have very good customer service. They are very good at taking your order and getting it right the first time, all the time. The food is always hot with no errors. This Panda Express is one of the better I've experienced. I'd recommend anyone passing through and wanting a good experience to visit this Panda Express location.
