4	Commercial Quay is a neat little strip hosting a world class restaurant (Kitchen), swanky bars and other notable eateries.  The fountains, sea air and general clean and crisp design of the place is a tempting attraction away from Edinburgh's central area, and if caught on a summers evening, can look pretty special.Visiting places like this, even though I live in Edinburgh, gives me a sense of being on holiday and for this I thanks places like Commercial Quay. Worth a peak.
4	I hadn't been to Commercial Quay before and wasn't very optimistic about it. I thought it was just going to be a place full of businesses, bog standard restaurants and shops. How wrong was I! My walk along Commercial Quay was a real eye opener. It is full of nice bars, shops, a hair dresser and restaurants. It even is home to one of Scotland's best restaurants, the Kitchin. This restaurant has been awarded a Michelin star, somewhere I must try in the future. All the places looked modern and quite swanky, so I would imagine the style of these places comes at a price. However, when I was walking through the quay, the sun was shining and the tables were out with people basking in the sun while drinking a chilled drink. Very close to Ocean Terminal, this area certainly provides stiff competition to the restaurants and bars in the terminal. Great place to chill, and a great place to go for a stroll.
4	Zen. This place has a small but wonderful selection of bars & restaurants. Kitchin, Chop Chop and Bond 9 are my personal favourites - There is also an International Starters and Mya (Indonesian/Thai) restaurant. A furniture shop and a hairdresser. It overlooks the Scottish Government building. The little cobbled lanes flanked by a water feature with fountains is a very tranquil place to be during the summer - it has virtually the sun the whole day! Pleasantly tucked away from heavy traffic on the busy commercial street on the other side. If you are looking to have a little rest from it all go to this area and you are transported into a quiet corner of Leith, just minutes away from the Shore and the Ocean Terminal Shopping Centre.
