3	Okay, I go where my clients ask me to go sometimes, and this just happened to be the location.  I do like the fact that these hamburgers are what you want, made to order the way you want and they are pretty quick, but come on, it's a hamburger....Okay, so I ordered the Chipolte BBQ burger with fries and a shake.  Really everything was good, the Chipolte had to be the least spicy version you could get and still have the word Chipolte in it, actually, I think they should just drop the Chipolte part and call it a Bacon BBQ burger, because that is all it really tasted like to me.I do like the fries, they are bigger than your McDonald's version and the japlipeno cheese sauce is good (again not very spicy), but it's one of my favorite items.  The shakes are real, not that comes right from a machine thing, they actually have mixers and do the work and you can tell.Client was happy, I was happy, and I would return when asked to.
3	It's too confusing to order here.Makes me get a rash.
3	Ok, so I helped my friend Angie move today, and in turn, she bought me dinner afterwords.  We both were so tired, and this was the closest place to the truck rental she used, and I decided to go here.I did not like the inside when you imediately walk in.  Felt dirty, and old.  We ordered, and we both got a #3.  cost us $18 and change.  There was hardly any one in there, but granted, we were eating out on a Wednesday afternoon at like 4.  I blame going here on being delirious, tired, hot, sweaty and overworked.I can't say I would never eat here again, but it would be under some pretty rough circumstances.
4	My husband and I decided to go to lunch on Monday labor day, and wanted a nice big juicy burger. We've never had nasty food at Fuddruckers so we decided to stop in here and split a big burger. We ordered the number 2. It's a huge burger 2/3 pounder, with fries and an endless refill of drinks. We also ordered a side of onion rings. I didn't see the dirtiness others have suggested in previous reviews listed. The restaurant is covered with memorabilia from old rock artist, we decided to sit near the Elvis corner of the building. They do have 3 or four booths in the corners but all were filled so we parked at a table and got our first of a few sodas. Right in front of us was a flat screen TV with football on.. Oh yeah, this was a nice casual atmosphere, burger, fries, football what else can you ask for. The place was pretty slow for a holiday around lunchtime, but I was OK with that. I mean I don't mind getting my food faster. We waited about 15 minutes and split our food up and put all the toppings we prefer on our huge burger. Yumms, it was good. Nice and juicy perfect size to split into two. I was happy by coming here, you always know what to expect. The buns are nice and fresh and the selection of toppings is wonderful. The only thing that bugged me was the onion rings were really greasy, so I put mine to the side. Also they must have had a district manager and manager present that afternoon, cause we kept getting starred at by people dressed in suits walking around. As soon as we were done with eating we had our plates picked up, and we hung out watching the end of the game for another 15 min or so. Thumbs up for me, I left happy and stuffed.
4	If you like burgers you'll love Fuddruckers. Fresh beef served up with your choice of fixings, added expertly by you. Good chicken also.I love to order a 1/3 pound burger with grilled onions and then load it with ketchup, mayo, melted cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions and whatever else I can fit. Vegetable toppings are all fresh and appealing. I top the meal off with a chocolate milkshake.
4	Pros... Quick, good, cooked right, self serve condiments, friendly staff. Good choice of size and type of meat. fresh buns, self serve drinks. Good Good Good.Cons... The place is a little run down, they sometimes no self serve trash bins.
5	Since I was a kid, Fuddruckers has been my favourite place to get a hamburger. Their in-house baked buns are the most delicious I've had  and they always cook the burger itself exactly how you order it. I also love that I can put whatever - and however much of - I want on it myself. The seasoned fries are also thickly cut and delicious. Save room for a brownie or cookie - also in-house baked - and you won't regret it.I always get a 1/3lb. medium-well plain then smother it with hot cheese, honey mustard, ranch or mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce. They'll ask you when you order if you want cheese on it but save the $0.35 and put your own cheese later - they have both normal melted cheddar and nacho cheese at the bar. More cheese and mustard for fries and sometimes I'll even make a little side salad. Fast, inexpensive, and DELICIOUS.
3	I am a big fan of Fuddruckers because I am a big fan of burgers. This chain is pretty good at what they do.Burgers: a 7/10 in taste but what do you expect from a chain. The portions are generally large ranging from 1/3 lbs to 1 lb I believe and the smaller of the choices with fries is usually enough for most.Atmosphere: It is similar to a TGI Fridays, Applebees or Chilis except this Fuddruckers does not have a whole lot of booths which bothers me because if I have a choice between comfortable semiprivate seating and middle of the room on a hard piece of wood I go with the former.Also this Fuddruckers is not dirty but it is not as clean as I would like.When I am hunkering for a burger done right this is on the list of options.
2	Was in town for Wrestlemania 26 and was looking for somewhere to watch Michigan St. play in the NCAA tournament, boy did we choose the wrong place... Order took forever, sat down, they mixed the wife and mines burger temperatures up! Sooooo, we had to wait some more! I ended up filling up on fries and pickles! In there defense they knew they messed up and treated our party of 10 to free desserts, which were really, really good! Kids had fun, some kid kept winning stuffed animals out of the claw game and gave them to my boys!
2	Really? While I normally dine with a group of associates, today I wasn't dressed up and went alone to a) see if they had gluten-free options, and b) to use a birthday burger coupon (for a 1/3 lb burger or entree of equal or lesser value). I asked the employee (Mike Schultz ; he deserves kudos) if they had a gluten-free menu, or an allergens chart. He was a champ,graciously tracking down the manual and searching for the chart.One of the first few items with no allergens was a buffalo burger. A line was forming, so I said that would be wonderful & handed him the birthday burger coupon. A buffalo burger is 1/2 lb not 1/3, so technically it wasn't an option. Not wanting to hold up the line, I offered to pay the difference but that of course my priority was to not get gluten. He needed management approval for this exception & THAT'S where the problem started.The mgr Dan huffed, rolled his eyes & approved the modified order (for which I was paying), then in front of the now forming line explained in juvenile fashion that buffalo is a very expensive meat. He then turned on his heels, walked a few steps, then boldly ANNOUNCED: "THAT'S THE LAST BIRTHDAY UPGRADE!" In short order the burger was nicely presented on a giant, plate sized lettuce leaf. While sitting @ a table (because there was no rock to crawl under), more than 3 customers commented to me about harsh treatment. While the burger was tasty, I read the table ad for all the delicious meat varieties; ostrich, elk, wild boar... YUM! I'd happily bring a group of associates for the fare EXCEPT: I'd never subject anyone to even the possibility of such treatment from management. The issue could have had the same result without abuse. The place was however immaculate with the exception of a crud covered ketchup pump. The employee was a champ, but the management was a chump.
4	I have been to Fuddruckers a million times since I was a kid. My dad loves it, so when I come here it's usually with him.Their burgers are pretty damn good. I have tried the buffalo & it was ok but I will stick with beef. I have also had the grilled chicken sandwich & the salmon filet sandwich. The grilled chicken is bomb but the salmon filet was nasty. Their regular fries & onion rings are great but the sweet potato fries suck, if you want yummy sweet potato fries go to Fez! They also have some delicious shakes & baked treats if you still have room.This isn't the cleanest location I've been to, but the staff is friendly & I love the condiment & toppings station.
5	I frequent this spot a lot b/c it's close to my work and a couple of the employees already know me by face and name! My favorite is the buffalo burger but I also love their other exotic meats, ostrich, elk, and wild boar. I still love their regular burgers too! They are probably my favorite burger in the Valley, not far from Johnny Rockets, another favorite! :)
5	I love this fuddruckers. I drive all the way from 75th avenue and cactus to go to this location. I hate the one by my house. Which is why I come here! All the employees are helpful and nice , always a smiling face when I'm there. Plus there are good times and memories I've had there that I won't ever be able to forget. I love this place.
5	I love this place. Just get a huge burger and cover it in what you want. It doesn't get much better!
4	Excellent if you feel a fast food craving, buffalo burger is outstanding!!!
5	came out with a happy stomach and super full, (that's for the 1/3 lb burger) LOL Awesome staff, manager asks around tables how your dining experience is, the selection of items for the burgers are FRESH AND plenty, of course the have the new Free-Style Coca Cola machines, good beer selections as well. Xavier (manager) is very friendly. Really clean and open area space to hang out and relax with a beer and SUPER MOIST DELICIOUS BURGER on the side. They have renovated the restaurant and it has been a thumbs up for my husband and I. Will be back many times, keep it up!  Restaurant is huge for parties too. Great access to this location as it is right at the I-17 exit. Free WiFi...
5	This place is delicious! The meat is always fresh and amazing. Cooked right! Servers laughing and smiling. Fast casual food at a decent price! I get the works with cheddar instead of American. Yum!
5	This is the Best Burger in Phoenix.The Buns are AMAZING, the meat fresh, and the Toppings always tasty!I order a Kids Meal Burger and am sure to top it with ranch, honey mustard, cheese sauce.This is a Phoenix staple that we will return to time and time again when craving a burger, fries, or milkshakes!
2	A lot of $$$ and not a lot of quality!  My partner and I came for dinner tonight after being told it was the worlds greatest hamburger. With high anticipation we ordered the 1/2 lb burger combos and shared a sampler platter...we had an appetite tonight!  Unfortunately the quality did not meet the anticipation. The burgers wet just okay...nothing special. The "fries" or as I know them wedges were not good. My partner ordered the chili cheese fries and received wedges with a little chili and some sprinkled cheese. The chili had an odd flavor. Needless to say out bill was around $36 and we could have went to a Five Guys Burgers and Fries and had a better experience for about half the price.
5	First off let me start by saying I went to a different Fuddruckers about 5 years ago in Ohio and it was awful... but this one was AMAZING! The burger I got (1/2 pound beef mushroom swiss), and my boyfriend got the Buffalo burger with mushrooms, we also got a side of onion rings and we got it all to go. It was so tasty, flavorful and juicy. Seriously one of the best burgers I've had in a LONG time! The expeditor that was there that evening (Saturday night 10/20/12) I think his name was Eric, was so helpful, friendly and genuine. Thank's for the great service!
4	Tried the new Kobe burger, just as tasty as the other burgers.
4	Free WI-fi!  Got to love this place, it has been here for years but they just remodeled recently on the inside.  It is very casual and has the new soda machines that are pretty cool.  I love their hamburger even with all the new burgers shops coming out Fuddruckers is a staple.  They make their buns fresh and their burgers are consistently juicy.  I love that I can stack on all my own condiments and they are all fresh and tasty.  I love me some Fuddruckers.
2	If you want to pay $15 for a burger and fries that tastes like it should have come from a drive through and will make you rush to the bathroom in a cold sweat, then FUDDRUCKERS IS FOR YOU!(No. We did not have a pleasant experience.)
4	I was in the mood for a hamburger and we hadn't been to Fuddruckers in awhile so we decided to check it out.  Everything was great!  The flavor of the grilled 1/3 lb. burger was delicious and it was very juicy!!  I like that they have a whole bar of fresh veggies and condiments that you can add yourself to your liking.  Their buns are wonderful and baked fresh in the bakery daily!  The soda machines are cool and give you lots of choices so you can make your own concoction.  Their fries are actually potato wedges and are deliciously seasoned and cooked.  The onion rings were tasty also.  The food was served quickly after we ordered and everything was fresh and delicious!This is a Phoenix staple and we would definitely return!
4	I love the burgers here, especially when I do a no carb diet! I love the juicy burgers and you can order whatever size you like! They also have a bison, which I love! The milkshakes are out of this world and the other desserts are yummy too. The service isn't always the greatest but its not that bad to make me not want to come back.
5	I have eaten at this Fuddruckers several times over the many years it has been open, and always found their burgers acceptable - or O.K.  But after a  2-3 year absence, I returned with my daughter and granddaughter on March 14, 2014.  My daughter ordered the Swiss burger, and my granddaughter and I ordered the cheddar-bacon burger, and we shared a large basket of fries.  The burgers were nothing short of fabulous, you could almost drink them.  I don't know what changes Fuddruckers has made (if any), but all of us thought they were one of the best hamburgers we had ever tasted.  They have upgraded their soft drink dispensers and now offer a huge variety including cherry-vanilla Coke.  I am a cheeseburger nut, and I would rate the burgers Fuddruckers is now putting out among the best, if not the best.  And for the quality of the burgers being served here, the prices are very reasonable.  I will be going back a lot more often.
5	I just love this place. I eat here whenever i can. The freshest ingredients, and the nicest staff.
5	Buffalo Burgers are the best! Seems pricey but wow taste is incredible! Wedge fries done right..fluffy & crisp. I had the black bean side..spicy. Friendly staff, clean/ fun dine in experience. Perfect location off the highway. Spend a little more than your typical burger place & u won't be disappointed!
4	Only my second time to Fuddruckers's; first time at this location. First thing when you walk in is a large free standing menu with highlights of certain entrees from the larger menu. From there your attention is directed to where you order your food and the full menu on a large billboard. The large menu was easy to read, and each item listed what was included, price and calorie count. We were there on a Sunday around lunchtime and had little to no wait. We ordered after asking a few questions. The cashier was patient and knowledgeable. We were given a buzzer to indicate when our food was ready.There were two dining areas and a large patio. There was a condiment station that looked like a small salad bar, two of the new computerized coke machines along with a bakery area. We were headed out to the patio when we noticed two homeless men with shopping carts. Okay, back inside....found a table inside instead.I ordered the blackened tilapia with a lettuce wrap. My friend ordered a bacon burger. Our food came up fairly quick. The tilapia looked amazing! Two filets on lettuce topped with blue cheese, and sauteed onions and mushrooms. I added tomatoes, pico and jalapenos from the condiment bar. (see pic) They also had onions, peppercinis, lettuce, mustard, mayo and ketchup available. Everything was delicious! Tilapia was flakey and moist! Burger was good. Only criticism was the amount of oil used to sautee fish and veggies. By the time I was about finished, the last of the lettuce was swimming in oil.So back to the homeless men on the patio. This is a problem that needs to be addressed. It was quite apparent they were there and had been before. At one point, one of them came in with a to go cup from somewhere, looked around and headed over to the drink station. I didn't talk to anyone about it that day, but will call to let them know.Overall, four stars. Will update after I call about the situation. Homeless on the patio and using the soda machines is a deal breaker for me, but will wait to factor that into my rating.
4	Remember being a teenager and riding my ten speed to one of their restaurants in Houston. You could get the tasty Ribeye Steak Sandwich and it was right around $5. Boy those were the days.This is one of the few remaining Fuddruckers here in town. Several other locations have closed their doors and transported themselves back to the land of Fudd. Really liked the PV location before if folded. Maybe there are just too many burger places around to keep those cows mooing.Always order one of the 2/3# Burgers with nothing on it. You can spend the extra money for add ons if you want. Usually just go to the giant condiment area and go crazy with an all you can eat. The Nacho Cheese is sinfully delicious and it ends up like a swimming pool on my plate. Note to self ... May not be real cheese?This is a fun place to take the kid's without going overboard. There is plenty of space for them to run around and some video games in the rear eating area. Service is average and the burgers are cooked according to your wishes.You can even build yourself a giant salad using ingredients from the giant fixins area. Hard to believe but it's true. Wife and daughter do it all the time. Just make sure to order something so you get a plate.Going to round up on this place due to the level of freshness and the endless Nacho Cheese sauce. BRONCO BILLY THUMBS UP!3.75 STARS
4	I really like Fuddruckers and have for years. Their food is consistently great. I have been to this location the most in my 20+ years in the Valley.They have been 5 stars easily every time I have eaten here. However, I have always ordered pretty much the same items. The last time I came I had to try the pretzel bun for an extra buck. Everything was the usual 5 stars, but the bun was a complete let down. Not because the taste, but because of the employee who assembled the burger. Half the bun was dry. I cannot understand why anyone who is payed to simply put a patty on a bun cannot "feel" it is dry. This is more of a notice to managers to teach their employees the difference between FRESH (One their main marketing hypes) and NOT fresh. This is based on a visit on 10/17 at approx 1 PM.p.s They changed the Onion Ring batter to a much lighter batter that is a real improvement IMO. I like the Onion RIngs even more now.
2	Fuddruckers used to serve a decent buffalo burger.  Then one day they changed to lower quality meat.  Not sure when it happened, but I bit into a burger filled with that public school luncheon type meat.  Maybe they gave me the wrong patty, I dunno. My stomach hurt afterwards and I haven't been back to Fudd since then.
