1	We went to this restaurant some time ago (before the smoking ban in Montreal) but now the opportunity is up to review on Yelp, I couldn't resist. I booked a table at Il Fornetto for our wedding anniversary and at the time my wife was around 7 months pregnant. When I called I made strict instructions that the table would be in a non-smoking area. When we arrived we were greeted and taken to our table. The host was obviously completely blind and stupid because within one minute of us sitting down the large party on the table right next to us finished their meals and all lit up cigarettes! When I asked why we were in the smoking section he looked stunned and couldn't understand what the problem was (my wife was obviously pregnant)We had to get up, move tables but still the non-smoking tables were in the same area as the smokers, who incidentally were wearing t-shirts and some were wearing baseball caps. They obviously knew the waiters and staff. Really classy!I honestly can't remember the food and we left quite quickly as soon as the bill arrived. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	Great restaurant! We were staying by the airport for the night and il Fornetto was the right choice. I ordered the Veal Parmigiana and started with the Fried Calmari -- both were exactly on point. The experience of sitting outside while dining here was fantastic. I would highly recommend you try this place if you're in the area. Everyone I was with enjoyed their dish! YOU SHOULD GO.
4	If you're looking  for a big restaurant, forget it but, if you're looking for a cozy, warm, friendly place, where the people take the time to have a word with their customers, this is the place to go. I'll try to resume my experience in three steps1- the place itself is situated in the side of the river, wonderfull view! You look at the place and everything is spotless and the smell, wood burning in the oven? What can you ask more?2- service: greeted by the manager, place by the owner just there you feel you're important. The waitress (marie-soleil) even if she was busy as hell took the time to have a word with every customer at her table. Friendly, smiling and helpful in our choice of dish.3- the food itself: I've worked in the restaurant business for years and I can tell you this: this food was awesome. Plate and glasses spotless, serve hot, freshly made not like the frozen food or crappy pasta you're going to get in others placeCongrats il fornetto, you've got someone hooked
