5	This place is among the country's elite when it comes to grocery stores.  Bring a fat wallet and a taste for fine food and you won't be disappointed.  It ain't cheap but if you have the cash why not spend it on some top notch ingredients so you can try to cook like a pro?
5	Great service for the lifestyles of the rich and famous. Celebs shop here and purchase without a blink (if you have to ask how much you can't afford it) All things common to this store will satisfy the most particular of culinary pallets. Great selection of foreign beers and wines. Meats are always good and they have a Sushi bar preparing new foods daily/hourly or on the spot fresh. Take home meals are very good and salad bar is well stocked. i don't always shop there unless I need something special. Gift baskets for clients are expensive but beautifully prepared and presented.
5	Everyone always comments about how expensive AJ's is and that's probably what they like to hear.  Frankly, I don't find AJ to be expensive, I love the place- all its various locations.  Everytime I walk into an AJ, I feel like I am walking into quality so I like to go (and take my son too!) to browse the aisles and take a look at their delectable offerings.  Then my son and I always stop by their deli and offerings of fresh food- we would sample their soups and get a small bowl for $3.99 and a salad from the salad bar for a good, healthy snack/ lunch for the two of us for less than $10.   Some days, I get a desert and share it with my son.  Other days, I order one of their delicious sandwiches for $7.99 that comes with a side and piece of chocolate, portioned enough for my son and I.  And I heard from a friend of mine who is a die hard AJ shopper that at one of the locations, there's all you can eat pasta bar on Thurs. nights for $7.99- never been but I've heard it's delish!So to me, AJ doesn't seem that expensive for the enjoyment of the store, the quality of the food, and the friendliness of the staff.
4	Every market has a AJ's. In Chicagoland it's Sunset Foods, in Seattle it's Metropolitan Market, in SF it's Oakville and in New York it's Gristedes Brothers (sorry, I couldn't resist, no it's Zabars). AJ's is Phoenix/ Scottsdale's version of the good life in grocery stores. And, for the most part they execute their business plan very well. Everything is fresh and sometimes they have the difficult produce that local grocers cannot seem to get right,.. say blueberries for instance, big fat juicy ones. And, as some have already pointed out, AJ's can be addicting!  I'm always in here at least once a week for something.  Yeah, the prices are somewhat higher, but when you're having a party, or looking for that hard to find item, where do you go?  Yep, right here.Great employees who are friendly and helpful without being "on".Enjoy!
4	The dessert area is very dangerous to my waistline.  The slice of chocolate cake is enormous.  We used to get it plus a couple of other desserts and watch "The biggest Loser".  Good thing  I don't watch that show anymore.  I love their teas.  This location is close to my house so I can stop a few times.  The service is great here.
5	I really love shopping here.  The meat is exceptional and the butcher remembers who you are and offers some great grilling recipes.  Jerry, the cellar guy is terrific and can help you find the perfect bottle (or bottles) of wine for any occasion.  Rita and her staff in the coffee shop are friendly and have a wonderful assortment of pastries to go with their delicious coffee.  The atmosphere is wonderful too - I always run into a neighbor or two and I frequently end up sitting down to chat for a while.  This is not your typical grocery store that you run into to stock up on things like Cheerios and tin foil.  This is the place you go when you actually want service, or a great cup of coffee, or fresh ripe produce.
4	I come to this AJs mostly for breakfast or lunch. This store is the right size for the area, though it always seems very crowded. The selection is upscale as someone else has noted, and the prices seem in line.
5	We don't have grocery stores like this in LA. I used to think Whole Foods was the most upscale grocery store out there. Then I moved to North Scottsdale and discovered AJ's. As it says on their cups, "it's more than a market." AJ's is like your well-dressed, better-looking friend who always seems to have the best of everything. Yes, it's pretentious. Yes, it's expensive. But man is it amazing.Great produce, nice selection of unique beer and wine, delicious meats. My mom keeps buying this Santa Maria steak seasoning that is perhaps one of the most fantastic things ever created. It costs something ridiculous, but makes steaks so much better.What I really enjoy about AJ's is going there for lunch. The outdoor grill offers burgers, chicken sandwiches, and hot dogs. I typically get the bratwurst and some corn on the cob. Sometimes I venture inside for a tuna salad or turkey sandwich. Both options are fantastic. My meal always comes out to less than $10 (including my iced tea refill).  AJ's serves China Mist tea, which is surely delicious. If you purchase one of their refillable cups it only costs 75 cents for a refill. We used to go to this location two to three times a week, until we figured out that the Lone Mountain/North Scottsdale location is closer to our house (less stoplights).
5	I love AJs! me and boyfriend go almost every Sunday and get lunch there, the food is always so fresh and the people are so friendly and nice! Our food always comes out super fast, and taste great! I love this place :)
1	After many years of AJ"s fine turkeys.. I got a tought bird. AsI prepared, inserted the meat therm...I thought I might be in trouble. It was like putting a nail in rubber. When it finished cooking in my Electrolux " perfect turkey" oven it was nothing but perfect. I have many pounds of white meat left. For the price I can't beleive they sold this quality... I go to this store every other day for various items. Not a Happy Girl.
4	Wonderful market. Quality produce and meat market. Superb variety. Deli and bakery to die for. Outstanding, helpful, courteous and attentive staff.I have one complaint and there's nothing AJ's can do about it -- the clientele. What's the deal with the snoot-factor around here? No please, no thank you, no smile, no nuttin'. I'd find it hard to work here and be as consistently pleasant as staff seem to be in the face of people yammering on cell phones, acting as if the checkers are really just robots unworthy of acknowledgement. Not even a break on the phone to say hello to the person ringing up the purchases. Mega-kudos to staff and management for continually delivering the best in attitude. Seriously good customer service in an environment that must become a grind. A real pleasure to shop here.
5	Yep! I am a fan of this store. To me, it is the most convenient grocery store around. The staff is friendly and there is always a great selection of take out food. For instance this evening, they had a beautiful and mighty delicious lasagna made wth spicy sausage and vodka sauce. Oh my! what a sin that was. I started eating half and could not resist eating the rest as it was just the perfect balance of flavors.In addition to the fabulous food, their checkout is ALWAYS friendly and efficient unlike the Safeway by me which is an abomination in terms of being understaffed.Last but not least, their wine selection is out of this world and there is also a sushi bar in house which rivals some of the best sushi restaurants in town in terms of their fish quality.The produce is always superb and the meat and fish displays are absolutely gorgeous.
5	Found this fantastic specialty market on my recent trip to the area and know that I am going to be coming back for many more times to come.  The produce is fresh and luscious, the deli has amazing things to choose from and their specialty products rival my favorite Zupan's back in Portland Oregon where I shop frequently.  The wine and cheese selection is to die for and I love all the quick bites to eat that you can walk away with and feel completely satisfied.  Great for a treat on the go!Now all this wonderfulness comes at a price mind you.  I wouldn't use this place to purchase all my groceries but it's excellent for the few choice items that you can't find just anywhere and the experience is so much better than wandering the endless aisles of Fry's.
5	Being close to work I went there for lunch, I had a medium size cup of there chicken soup (Verde I believe?) & some Passion fruit tea (yes, real men drink this,,lol).  Also went to find some "Chia Cola", there website said they had some but no such luck.  In trying to find said Chia Cola the employee's were great in helping me and even call around other AJ's to help find some.  All in alI great experience!!!
4	Sure it's your generic more expensive supermarket with more brands and options - that you can find everywhere. However, the service here is really top notch, definitely amongst the most friendly I've ever frequented.Heck, I even screwed up one time and dropped a four pack, but they helped me sift through the embarrassment, cleaned it up, and immediately retrieved another without asking. I literally could not ask for more because they already did it! That service alone is what keeps me coming back.
2	This is about the floral department. I used AJ's floral department for my wedding. I have always been impressed with their beautiful flowers. Another plus was that the location was very close to my wedding venue. The entire process before the wedding: Planning out what the Bouquets would look like and picking out flowers was almost perfect. I planned months in advance due to living out of state. I had picked a particular flower that Joanie had suggested for the bouquets. About a month before the wedding Joanie calls me and tells me that one of the particular flowers would not be in season for my wedding. This was a flower she suggested. She knew the date the entire time. You would think that before suggesting something or confirming it with me she would have double checked the season of the flower. Then she proceeded to tell me that we wouldn't know for sure if she could have them until 10 days before the wedding. Well we could not get them and the flowers she suggested to take their place were not very stellar. I ended up settling with a replacement. The day of the wedding the flowers arrived. My bouquet was beautiful. The corsages I had ordered for my mother and mother in law were supposed to be Crem de la Crem roses. They were HIDEOUS and not roses at all, my step moms corsage was also hideous and not what it was supposed to be and it wasn't even a corsage it had a pin so she had to poke holes in her dress. I also did not receive and toss bouquet which I paid for. I was so upset. You pay hundred and hundreds and even thousands of dollars for wedding flowers and when its not what you paid for or you didn't get everything you paid for, well you feel cheated and ripped off. I do not recommend using AJ's or Joanie for your wedding flowers or flowers for any event.
5	SUCH a nice staff! I live right down the street and shop here often, the employees are so friendly and helpful every time! Only place we buy meat, the chicken parm breast are the tastiest and easiest thing to make for dinner ever! Love the butcher guys as well they rock!
1	Good but expensive wine selection. Nice but expensive flowers.The place is managed by inexperienced unprofessional kids. The Legacy store is far superior.
3	This location is beautiful, but not as dialed in as other locations. The staff I encountered put off a "You're not worthy" kinda vibe- which is unfortunate.  Customer service at an upscale market is a very important thing, but it is missing at this location. To see how it's done right, check out the Central location or PV, they know how to take care of business.
4	This store is the smallest location I've visited.  That aside, it is clean,  well-stocked and organized.  I appreciated the fact that it was never uncomfortably crowded during the lunch hour.  This was great because I had lunch here three days in a row!  Obviously, I'm a fan.  They have a nice salad bar.  Again, not as many options as I've seen at other locations BUT solid.  They rotate the ingredients daily too.  This kept me out of my salad rut...spinach one day, spring mix the next.  Everything is kept fresh and is not picked over.
1	Nothings changed. no Boarshead. 2nd rate products. A meat counter that lies about their products.  Kiddies are still in charge. Bring back Bill. I'll stick to Fry's Superstore.
5	Just a warning.  The AJ's at Mountain View and Via Linda is closing for good on August 16, 2014.  A true pity.
2	This review is just for their coffee bar. They are incredible inconsistent. I ordered an almond milk latte and the first two time it was very sweet. The second two lattes had no sweetness at all and one of them tasted like black coffee with a splash of plain almond milk. It seems there is no standard on either how to make these or which milk they are using. When you are paying almost $5 for one, it'd be nice to know what to expect. After the last latte, I decided to give up on those and just go for the black coffee. I tried the gingerbread roast this morning for something festive and the best I can describe it is that it tastes like panang curry. I'm not sure why gingerbread coffee would have such a strong Thai/coconut flavor but it's definitely not spicy or ginger-y at all. What a bummer. This is the closest coffee place to work so I'm really disappointed that even though they want to charge you an arm and a leg, the drinks are never good. To add insult to injury, I submitted a suggestion through their website and never even got an e-mail acknowledging that they received it.
2	This review is only for the sandwich I had today because I have always been satisfied with what I order from here and the soups are amazing and the service is top notch. However, the BLT I ordered today was not what I would consider up to AJ's standards. It was pretty much all bread and the bacon was in little bits, not strips. I will continue to shop here but I hope someone reads this so they know that they can do better. All other sandwiches I have ordered have had plenty of meat.
5	The have my husbands favorite cookies here called Tammy co. Also the AJ cookies that they bake daily is soft and amazing as well. I love their entire pastry and cake options as well. Great for grabbing a box of sweets of different goodies for a party or a client. My go to place for desert.
