5	While my hungover friend was trying to recover, I did what I do best: shop!  I say that I am a talented shopper not because I know how to find the best stuff, but because I find the best stuff at the best price.  If there is a bargain to be found, I will find it.And I tracked one down at the Steve Madden located in the Miracle Mile Shops.  A pair of 4-inch sexy patent leather jaw-droppin' bitches were mine for 30% off! While they are not very practical, they ARE fierce.  I will be wearing these gorgeous shoes to the Yelp holiday party.  I can't picture myself standing in these things for longer than 30 minutes.  If you see me hobbling about like a concubine from the Qing Dynasty, offer me your seat.  Please.
5	The staff here was so chill and really helpful!I was pretty intoxicated from the giant Fat Tuesday's drink I was toting around...but I still ended up getting a discount on a great pair of shoes.
1	I received the worst service I have ever gotten at this Steve Madden location. The shop was bustling as I went over the Labor Day weekend, however the girls who were working did NOTHING to help. I sat around for a while before I asked a girl who was playing on the computer if she could get me a pair of shoes from the back. She looked up at me and told me they were soldout without moving a foot from where she was standing. I asked if she could get them online, and she said there were no more on the website. Since she didn't even take a second to check whether or not there were anymore shoes either instore or on the website, I checked myself that night when I got home. Needless to say, there was plenty in stock and the shoes I was looking for was under the "bestseller" category. I cannot believe how rude the sales assistant was and I will not be coming back again.
4	Shoe stores only need three things - a helpful staff, a good variety, and prices that match the quality of the shoes. This place has it all. The staff was fast and friendly remembering a variety if shoes for numerous customers while keeping a smile. They helped those who needed it and left the others alone. The prices reflected the product. And the variety of shoes and boots kept us in the store for quite some time. It was great!
4	Each time I've come into any Steve Madden I've received helpful customer service. This visit was no exception especially when this particular visit called for a purchase of men's all-white loafers.Yes, when in Vegas do what the Vegasonians do, right?We were out in no time and my jeans-and-t shirt husband was now able to get into the hottest club on the strip. At least now we have 'designated' LV shoes for our next trip. Thanks Steve Madden!
