5	Made reservations through the U-Haul website for help unloading upon our arrival in Phoenix.  Somehow U-Haul couldn't find our reservation on our arrival day and said we have to start from scratch to find help.  Instead, we went online and found Smooth Transition Movers directly, spoke to Alex, and he set us up with two helpers on ridiculously short notice.  Movers arrived on time, ready to work.  We couldn't ask for anything more from them.  They handled all of our belongings with care, seemed to instinctively know where we wanted everything placed, and finished in much less time than we thought we needed (so they reduced their charge).  They were highly professional and friendly.  The rates were more than reasonable.  We recommend these guys wholeheartedly.
5	We would give this company TEN stars is it were possible. They gave us an extremely competitive price quote and they ending up charging us what they quoted. They showed up when they said they would and started right in. It took them 11 hours to do the job and they never even took time out to eat. Like a previous Yelp recommendation said, they seemed to know just where to put everything in our new location and they treated our furniture and belongings the way you expect a professional mover to, yet they charged a lot less than all of the movers we got quotes from. Alex is the man to call -- you'll be glad you did.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about these guys. Alex and his team helped me move twice already. They are very professional, on time (couple minutes early actually), accommodating, and quick. They moved all of my items in less than 3 hours! They're also super friendly and funny which is a big plus.  I'm a property manager and have been in the business for 10 years. I know good customer service. I help many people move into their new homes and I only recommend people and businesses that I've personally used and loved. Well.. I've already sent multiple people to Smooth Transitions. I am so happy to have finally found someone I can send them to! I would very highly recommend this company if you want a quick, honest, and pleasant move. Oh, and their pricing is competitive, so you're not going to pay an arm and leg to get your stuff moved with some good customer service.
5	I cannot give enough praise! These guys really did an awesome job and surpassed my expectations! I just moved here from Houston, and I had a U-Haul loaded with all of my earthly possessions that needed to be unpacked and staged inside of my apartment. The crew was on time, friendly, and SUPER EFFICIENT! It took them 30 minutes! There was no minimum for their time either (unlike the underwhelming mover that I used in Houston). I would absolutely use Smooth Transition Movers again. Be sure to tip them well!
5	The most amazing moving experience ever!! Very professional and felt like family! We will definitely always recommend them. Thanks guys!!!
5	Smooth Transition Movers is the real deal. I'm always skeptical when I read 5-star reviews but I'm about to write one to add to their perfect status. Alex  (owner) Kevin and Donny provided such an incredible service that I couldn't wait to add my glowing review and recommendation for them. I told my wife that "it was the best money I ever spent today."In support of these comments let me explain. I called them based on Yelp reviews (like mine) and asked for a 'next day' crew to help load a 26' rental truck. Alex (the owner) answered and said he could help. I was skeptical but he called back minutes later saying that he could be there with a 3-person crew. As promised, he called me to let me know that they were en route. Showed up and introduced themselves. Surveyed the situation and began loading the truck. Less than two hours later they were done. So impressive!I was betting against everything fitting but the team did such a professional job that I had room to spare. I couldn't be more pleased. Truly if I could tell my friends about these guys I would. Next best is to tell this story on Yelp and hope that you find my review. These guys rock! You will not be disappointed. What more could I say? Please do yourself a favor and use Alex and his team for your moving needs.
