3	Biscuits were awesome. Chicken in original did the trick but was a bit disappointed that they don't have corn on the cob any more
5	Eat more chicken... lolI have to say that normally I don't sit around and write reviews for KFC/ TB/ or any fast food chain, you know?Me and some coworkers came here here and got a family meal. The young lady at the front counter was super awesome very polite and even through in some extras.Ma chicken was fresh and delicious. Biscuits and honey are really good.Overall the locations is very clean.You can definitely know that you will walk out or eat in at this location very satisfied.
1	Seriously, this place sucks! Every time I decide to go to this KFC somehow they always manage to forget to put everything I paid for in the bag. Really? It's not that difficult.
1	I officially give up on this location!  I would this give this location zero stars if I could. I stopped going through the drive thru because they could never give me 100% of my order. I ordered carry out inside and got home without everything I paid for...again!!  If you are charging me for all white meat, then give me what I paid for!!! It's just not that hard of a concept to grasp. It's super aggravating to get all the way home and not have what you ordered and paid extra for. Having to run back out to go argue over what was or wasn't in the bag is too inconvenient.  Sorry, but I won't be coming back.
1	Went in to get dinner for the family service was great at first, Tyler help us immediately with taking our order. Then there was the usual kitchen banter while they were getting orders ready. The manager came out and asked for grilled chicken. Ok fine you need food the nice kid Tyler that help us out turned into a punk and said out loud (for me and 2 other customers in the resturant to hear him) I've got it in you stupid b*tch. Then proceeded to repeat him self 2 more times. I promptly asked for my money back and I got an attitude from him and he stormed off to get the manager. When the manager came out I was in absolute shock that this little punk was cussing at his older female manager. I absolutley refuse to return to this location until the staff is changed.
5	I changed my mind on my order, and I work in retail so I hate when customers do that to me, but the manager was very quick to change my order. The staff was very polite. What more can I ask for?!?
1	Be careful , these kids forget to give you everything you order   ,I paid for Reese's pie and coleslaw and when I got home it wasn't there, so disappointing....
1	Worst kfc ever... Only ordered one meal that included One piece chicken, a chicken little(small chix sandwich) two strips and a biscuit. What I got was two strips, a biscuit and a the chicken little buns for the sandwich wrapped up in foil.. I'm super understanding, so if u leave out my piece of chix fine ill deal with it, but how can u Forget to put in the chicken in a chicken sandwich!!! And proceed to wrap in up in foil like its ready to sell...it wasn't busy at all and it's very disappointing to see such bad service at this kfc.
1	I had to give it a star to do the review, do not go here the food is so far below substandard and even though we received an offer to replace the bad food they suddenly lost the books these offers are logged in.  What a joke of a KFC no one cares and they treat the customers lousy.
5	I've had trouble here but they've made it right, and it's in the past.. This is one of the nicest KFCs I've seen in a long while, and usually really spotless.Try the 9pc family meal it's one of their specials right now.   I've had the Famous Bowl combo before, it's cheaper to buy the combo than buying just the bowl.Tonight I came in because I signed up for the emailing list on KFC.com & for joining I received a coupon for 10 pc bites combo.  The manager was friendly and despite I was missing a bite it was still very delicious. I'm sure they'll get it right the next time, no problem (I blame myself for not checking the bag). The bites were juicy and hot.The only thing that would of made my visit better if they had asked me what I wanted for dipping sauce, she punched in Creamy Ranch on the receipt but never asked what I wanted to dip in.  She was nice, smiled and was polite. Other than the missing bite & not asking me what I wanted for sauce it was still a better visit than in the past. For that I am not taking a star away like most yelpers that take points away for something small. Thank you.  I'll be back the next time I'm craving KFC.
1	This KFC sucks. They screwed up my order. The biscuits were hard, the chicken was dry, and one of the sides was cold even before I left the restaurant. I had to ask for my change back rather than be offered. The employee was rude.
1	I have to say this is the worst KFC location I have been to. I came to order a family meal and asked for grilled chicken and they gave me half of what they had grilled and half original without asking. On top of it after i has paid they had told me they didn't have biscuits and if instead i can accept a chocolate cake. I was really upset why can't they give me for what i paid for with no changes in my order! I will not be coming to this location again.
4	Located off the 215, you can't miss it. I do like the staff which was friendly when I walked in the door. Bathroom needed to be cleaned but the good was good
2	What can I say it's KFC. Not too bad, not too good. What a I dislike about KFC is not the greasy chicken rather the lack of attentiveness by the employees. I can deal with food for five dollars, you get what you pay for. At least have your employees do their job. Say hello.make sure there is enough chicken for orders and keep the restaurant clean. This place is a disgusting mess. Dirty tables, trash containers full and no customers...
1	Incompetent idiots that work there. Asked me three times to confirm my order and then I get home and my order is still wrong! It's not that hard. So now I either go back because my kids food isn't in there and my kids go to bed late or I have to make them something else to eat after I just spent $30 for food that wasn't even my order. Not to mention the girl at the window threw the packets of honey and butter at us because she was annoyed that we asked and said "here!" plus she gave us enough to supply us for the rest of the month. Rude, incompetent,wasteful.
1	Ridiculous! ! I called their complaint line and still a run around!  I can't stand to be called a liar I spoke to someone who said he was part of corporate and they act like I didn't.  I wrote all of his information down. Chicken tenders were like rocks!! I won't come to this KFC ever again.
2	Quick fix for dinner after work but they always mess up our orders couldn't get it right.  I always order thru drive thru because it's less hassle.Idk how many times I get less than what I ordered and I will just found out about it when I get home! Arggh!
