2	This place was formerly known as Garduno's - other than the name nothing seems to have changed.The ambience is striking and very nice.  The food is very basic and not that good.  The only thing which stands out are the free sopapillas with honey which they serve at the end of the meal.The margaritas were not good, very watered down and barely a dash of salt on the glass even when requested.  Their top shelf rita tasted ok and the grand sized rita was like lemonade in a jug.I'm sure there are better places to have mexican food in the area...
2	Happy hour here did the job.  It wasn't anything amazing but our group was having trouble deciding.  We ordered rolled tacos, the sampler platter and chili cheese dip. The chili cheese dip was actually the highlight, made with green chilis and real cheese. Unfortunately their tableside guacamole and any of the seafood appetizers, like ceviche, are not included in happy hour prices.  We had six drinks total between the four of us, although my friend's fruit margarita didn't taste like it had any tequila.  For all the food and drinks we got away with only spending $40 for the four of us.
2	Stayed down the street at the Hyatt and needed something easy for dinner.  I wasn't expecting much and that is exactly what I got.  The food was ok, the atmosphere was weird, and the service was decent.  The restaurant is huge and really doesn't create a great atmosphere when there are only 15 people in the entire place.I'd say skip it!
4	We stopped here after a movie...We found the decor to be quite interesting.I really loved the chicken soup with green chili. Hubby had the tortilla soup- that was much heavier. I generally rate a mexican place by the taste of their house margarita and their fajitas. We had to pass on the margaritas tonight, but we split the combo fajitas with steak and chicken. I would definitely come back for the steak fajitas. I'm also a sucker for sopaipillas and figure any place that can surprise me with a basket of them...is definitely a place I will return to.
2	I agree with Joe H.  Nothing special enough to make me want to return here.  And it is always a clue when the restaurant likely holds a couple of hundred people but is empty.To their credit, my mother really enjoyed the fish.  I had fish tacos, which were absolutely average.Service?  Average.Atmosphere?  They should have put all that cash into paying the Executive Chef.
2	After trying on wedding gowns next door, my group was in the mood for Mexican food.. UGH! NOOO! Ive got a gown to fit in to! I love the decor.. The staff was friendly.. The food.. was, so so.. I found the chips on the greasy.. as in.. greasy fingers side.. The salsa was great.. and my enchiladas were nothing amazing.. almost watery.. I dont think its nice to have to ask for app plates for my chips and salsa.. but we had to, because I thot it was ridiculous to be using napkins! Our waiter seemed off kilter when asked to split the check.. oh well.. so so.. is a 2 too..
3	I thought the food was ok. Not amazing. My girlfriend did not like the upstairs bathroom one bit! She did like the horses on the ceiling though. I really liked the tortilla chips.
3	The restaurant decor is nice.  Looks like it was a brewery at some point.  The shredded beef is awesome but stay away from the Tortilla soup.
3	Attended a gathering here with heavy appetizers. Food okay. The service was less than fair. May try again...or not!
