4	While my boss (read: wife) would have a more "in-depth" review of this sort of place, I felt the need to write a review from the male perspective.  Eastover OB/Gyn @ CMC University is the tops!After moving to the QC, my wife and I wanted to add to our litter and soon we were looking for these specialists to handle our gestational care needs.  We met with Dr. Finlon on our first visit, and decided right away that he was perfect for our "expansion" plans.  As part of their practice, we were introduced to other care providers in the facilities to make sure we were comfortable in a "just in case your doctor isn't here..." scenario.  So far, all the doctors we've met are very classy, knowledgeable, and patient-oriented folks.The office is pleasant, clean, and comfortable.  The nurses are all real friendly and helpful, and they really seem to respond to my crazy boyish antics!  Quick note; if you're the last appointment of the day, try to make them laugh, as they've probably seen one-too-many grumps!  Trust me, they'll remember your name the next time!I like the place.  I feel better knowing that my wife has plenty of confidence in these care providers, and that she could trust them with our new bundle-o-joy!
5	I have been a patient at Eastover - University OB/GYN since 1997.  They have delivered ALL 4 of my children and performed 2 surgeries.  I would highly recommend to any one as my experience over the years have been nothing but positive and professional!
5	I just moved to Charlotte in September and I wanted to find a new OB/GYN.Although I was a little confused about the location of the building (the lady on the phone told me "the one on the corner"... it's a hospital campus) I eventually found it!My appointment was with Dr. Suzanna Fox - she is wonderful! I highly recommend her services.  She also helped me a week later with some prescription pricing issues.  I am glad I was able to find a Dr I was comfortable with the first go around and I will be sticking with her while I live in Charlotte.
4	I have been going to Eastover OB/GYN since May of 2010. I first saw Dr. Campbell b/c at the time I had a very "surprise" pregnangy. Dr. Campbell was extremely nice and very informative and really helped me during my visit since I was very emotional. Dr. Finlon became my primary doctor there and he has performed both a surgery and delivered my 1st child. He is great to work with and gets right to the point but also makes sure you know what's going on and that you stay informed. I would have to agree with the reviewer down there on Dr. Parks- I had seen him for one visit in 2010 and that was the last. In my mothers words he does not have a good "bedside manner." Yes, you do have to wait for a bit for the doctor to see you, as you do EVERYWHERE, but it's worth the wait b/c I enjoy my doctor. The staff is friendly and so are the ultrasound techs- they talk you through what you are looking at....which honestly can seem overwhelming. I even moved across town away from University but still make Eastover my OB/GYN. Probably the best services i've received as a woman needing OB/GYN care out of my whole 32 years.
2	While I love the doctors, the follow up on records department, finance, some nursing, has been very poor.  With a lump found in my breast, Charlotte Radiology requested a "Diagnotic Mamogram"  My Insurance carrier (BCBS) requested additional documentation from Eastover OBGYN for well over a year in order for the bill to be paid.  Eastover OBGYN accoring to both Charlotte Radiology and BCBS, never responded therefore leaving me with almost a $1000 bill.  According to Charlotte Radiology and BCBS docuementation, Eastover OBGYN never returned calls nor sent the required documentation to pay my insurance (noted over 8 times reaching out to Eastover).   I have now spent countless days, hours and unlimited stress on the phone getting this issue resolved.  With a high stress job covering muliple states and being single, this added stress was so unneeded if Eastover had just responded.  Records from Eastover OBGYN according to BCBS and Charlotte Radiology have been requested and logged for over a year.  BCBS will not pay without the Eastover OBGYN documentation.  As a woman, it is already very disheartening and stressful to find a lump in your breast, but then to be treated like that by Eastover OBGYN is unacceptable.  When I called after trying for  a year (along with Charlotte Radiology and BCBS), I was very rudely treated by Rhonda at OBGYN.  She actually hung up on me.  I cant state how disappointed I am in a woman and it is no wonder why so many women forgo their health concerns (mammograms, annuals) in this type of enviornment.  While I love the doctor I have there, I cannot tell you how sad I am to be treated in this manner and therefore cannot recommed Eastover OBGYN.
1	I wish I could have a "do-over!"  I moved to the Charlotte area when I was 20 weeks pregnant with TWINS.  Was referred to them by my doctor from GA.  When I called to make an appointment, I explained that I was in need of my 20 week anatomy scan for the twins, and was trying to set that up.  Two different office ladies advised me that the "dr" would be the one who would determine that???? Really??? So after a third call trying to explain that I needed to be seen by the doctor as well as have an ultrasound, the lady told me that a nurse would call me back.  NEVER HAPPENED.  Went in to my appt and had to wait an extra week and 3 days until I could get in for an ultrasound.  They had ONE ultrasound tech at the office.  Two weeks later, my 6yo son came down with Fifth's Disease (a virus that can be deadly to fetuses).  I called at 8 am in the morning asking to just come in for bloodwork to confirm my immunity and for peace of mind.  Was advised the nurse would call me back?? At 1:30 pm, still no call back, so I called again.  The lady told me someone would call me back by the end of the day.  Why won't they put me through to someone so I can make an appointment?  They have no decency for my peace of mind as a mother expecting TWINS!  I can't say enough that this practice is TOO BIG (11 doctors), TOO BUSY, TOO COMPLACENT, and NOT ORGANIZED.  Lack of care and consideration is an understatement!
2	I have been a patient with Eastover OBGYN since November 2012. Dr. Carolyn Eskridge is the only doctor I have seen since going to Eastover in Aboretum. I am satisfied with most of the services especially the after hour services. I have a large Fibroid on my Uterus thta has been causing heavy bleeding for nearly a month now along with severe cramps. After having my ultrasound it took a week to hear back from a staff member that is after I left 2 messages with the office for someone to call me back. Then when I received a call it was a nurse someone who had good intentions but is not qualified to discuss treatment options becuase that is what you are supposed to do with your doctor so she can refer me. I did ask a nurse a question about my birth control and she still didnn't get back to me until nearly five days later after I had to pay money out of pocket for more birth contol pills becuase I am taking up to 3 pills a day to help control the bleeding. My insurance would not cover having to refill my script early so had she gotten back to me sooner with a higher dose that I could just take once a day it would have made much more sense. It has been nearly  three weeks since the last time I talk to Dr. Eskridge and I still have not received information about referring me for a MRI or anything. After tryng do do a self referral I have to try again to get ahold of Dr. Eskridge because I was informed that the referral has to come from a doctor and if it does not then my incurance may not cover it. I really try to be a patient and understanding person espcially since I have a backround in healthcare but I am fed up at this point . The services at this clinic are good but the communication is just horrible.
