3	Another east-side dive bar... not great, but not bad either.
5	I never went into the old Tip Top (because I was far too terrified) but there is no way it held a candle to the current Tip Top. Basically, the place looks fantastic from ceiling to floor. It now makes sense why the remodel took so long and it was clearly worth the wait. It's exactly what you'd want a neighborhood bar to be. Small but not too small, inviting atmosphere, comfortable lighting, and no over the top decorating. I had a beer and a very good whisky sour. Looking forward to heading back soon.
5	Dropped-by for a quick drink on 1/30/14 at around 8:30pm.+ Super cool dive bar that isn't really a dive bar+ Very cozy inside, but in a really good way - feels "homey" and comfy+ Awesome decor - the fixtures, the wood walls, the tin ceiling, the tables/chairs+ Attention to detail like none other; little things make the whole (and they make it great)+ Even the bathrooms are excellent+ It's like the tap list was made just for me+ Two nitro brews on tap, IPAs, Karben4, Upland - a really great mix+ Super reasonable prices - $4 for excellent pints? Here's a $20; pry me off the floor when I'm done+ Waitstaff was very responsive, very prompt, and super friendly- So noisy; sound really carries in the place+ It's a bar - it's supposed to be noisy, so deal with it, old man SteveGrabbed a small table near the back/side wall. Ben, the owner, introduced himself and was so welcoming, gracious, and sincere. He's done an amazing job with this place and I'm confident it's going to be a smashing success. I love that it's just a few blocks from my house, because I know I'm going to be here often. Can't wait to try the food - the menu sounds and looks like a perfect match to the neighborhood, while honoring the spirit of the joint.Would I go here with a date or someone that I wanted to have a good, solid conversation with? Probably not - it's just a little too noisy for that. But for any and every other occasion? Absofreakinglutely. Very, very cool place.
4	Man, Madison is getting so many great new places that it is hard for me to keep track! The Tip Top Tavern is one of those spots I always drove by and thought "Man, what a dive. I bet It's great", but never got around to visiting. So, when I found out they had opened back up with a new owner, a food menu, and a new look I decided I had better get over there. Seriously, folks - what a great little place. After a bit of a rough start where-in I ordered a beer that I couldn't even look at because it was so awful  (the Dogfish Head T'weason Ale - what a disaster of a beer. They were super cool and replaced it with their house old-fashioned, which was one of the best takes on the cocktail I have ever had) the meal went really smooth - especially considering how crazy busy it was.Between the three of us we ordered 2 burgers, cheese curds, and the fish fry special. The burger was delicious, moist, and cooked extremely well. The coleslaw was tasty, but had way too much vinegar. The fries were crispy and free of excess oil which was nice. Apparently the fish was delicious as well. Finally - the curds. Oh man, the curds! They were seriously (tip) top-notch. Lightly breaded, crispy, and gooey with some nice tasting ranch on the side. These are the closest to perfection I have ever had. Hopefully it wasn't a fluke!Beyond the food and drink, it really was a nice space. The lighting was great, the decorations were were fun, and it just felt like a cozy place that I would love to hang out at on a Wednesday night to grab a burger and a beer.I feel like all I have done lately is write about how awesome the spots I go to are, but hopefully that says more about how great Madison is than it does about my (potentially) overly-optimistic ratings.
4	The place has gotten quite a dramatic face-lift. It looks great. I love everything they've done with the place.I tried the Tip Top Burger and the chili. The burger was fine, but not spectacular. The chili was really freaking delicious, though. I would highly recommend grabbing a bowl. The space is pretty small, but there is actually a lot of seating. It does get pretty loud though. The staff members were all very nice and did a great job. The bitchy people  next to us were treated a lot nicer than they deserved. A waiter mixed up an order and was very apologetic and quickly resolved the issue.Overall, I'm happy that the place is finally open. A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
2	I stopped by the Tip Top yesterday evening with some coworkers to finally check it out. I've been curious since renovations began and was expecting great things. After a late shift, we were there for drinks and light food. The place was bustling, and yes noisy, yet we could still have a conversation without straining at a table near the back wall - so don't be afraid to bring a friend here if you actually want to chat. Selection was great and everything that we ordered (and actually received) was excellent. The fried pickles are crispy, delicious, and done right.However after waiting a half hour for an order of chicken wings, we were able to grab our server's attention and ask about my wings. "Oops," she said. And then a not very satisfying apology. Having already waited a half hour, we were wrapping our night up and I said, "Let's forget them" since she was offering any solutions. Somewhere between ordering the wings and realizing we wouldn't get them, our server told us she was taking off for the night and asked us to settle up with her. Our bill was completely off. You could say the free beers offset the lost order but it definitely wasn't intentional since the bill came first.I have high expectations of customer service and Tip Top Tavern failed, which is too bad because I was really beginning to like the place.
5	I love that the best of this classic Wisconsin tavern was preserved whilst providing a much-needed facelift. It's a great addition to the neighborhood.We were there the week it opened and I enjoyed a few creative cocktails. My husband, a beer aficionado, loved the beer list, which includes 2 nitro taps.We were there again last night with friends for the fish fry. When I read the menu, I was intrigued by the Rooster sandwich, which is essentially a BLT + fried egg. I'm so glad I tried this instead of the fish because it was really good. It's such a large sandwich, though, it is probably better to split with a friend. I can't believe I'm going to write this, but there may have been TOO much bacon (although I managed to eat the entire thing)! If you love bacon, this is the sandwich for you!My husband had the fish, which was a nice piece of walleye and perfectly fried. He doesn't normally like cole slaw but specifically noted how much he liked the slaw. He also liked the tartar sauce, and said it was enhanced with dill.We live less than 2 miles from Tip Top, so we look forward to spending more time there, especially when we can bike there during warmer months!
4	I could say "This is a tip top spot!" but that would be CHEESY and my New Year's resolution 23 years ago was to avoid such things.ANYways. I definitely liked the ambiance of this space a lot. A charming neighborhood bar with horizontal narrow wood paneling, lower lighting, tiled floor, tin ceiling, and a very pretty border/trim around the ceiling. Being a small-ish space with lower ceilings and hard floors, it does get a bit noisy when the place fills up so best to beat the rush if you're sensitive to that sort of thing. Also, it's another CASH ONLY spot so be sure to stock up or else they have an ATM on site.My co-workers and I headed here for drinks one Friday. The place seemed to have a "must order food" policy in order to be seated at the tables so 15 of us frustratingly spent a bit of time crowded at the entrance, downing beers, trying to decide if we should move on. Fortunately, I think the staff finally figured out that two beers basically equals the cost of a sandwich (so what's the difference) and we got a nice row of tables.  Whew!  The place was definitely running a wait by 6:30pm so, again, head out early/late!The Mister and I headed here at 6pm on a Saturday and were able to snag the last open table in the place. The beer list is good and reasonably priced ($4).  The menu offers burgers, apps, and sandwiches and sports several vegetarian options. Mr. had the special (Walleye sandwich) which he enjoyed while I had the Seitan Philly ($8.95), also tasty. We started with the cheese curds ($5.95) which were yummy. I'd previously had the kettle chips/dip, which were just that, chips/dip, nothing fancy and the fried pickles which weren't my favorite... All in all I really liked the ambiance (but I'd go early so I can hear better) and appreciate the reasonably priced & yummy options for both vegetarians and carnivores.  I hope they are able to work out the kinks along the way (i.e., must order food to get a seat policy) but overall think this is a very nice addition to the neighborhood.
4	Small but high-quality menu selections with locally sourced foods. Good value for what you get.  Great selection of microbrew beers. Our waiter was very attentive and a nice guy. TheTip Top Tavern has opened again after a major remodel. It was well worth the wait. It is now cozy, cute, and tiny. Great for those who prefer unique destinations over corporate chains.
4	Went here for the first time last night.   Cozy is the first word that comes to mind.  The food we tried was a mixed bag.  Sweet potato fries were waffle-style, and not very sweet potato-ey.  The fried pickles had a nice spicy kick, and the Green Chili Mac & Cheese hit the spot.  Savory, creamy and spicy.  About a dozen great beers on tap, and nicely-priced and delicious cocktails.But I think I'd still rather just go to Mickey's!
5	I love the Tip Top.  I have eaten here half a dozen times and everything has been delicious and reasonable.  The drinks and the wine selection are great for a bar of it's size and the owner is fantastic!  I especially recommend the pastrami reuben.
4	Stopped by for a late meal on a Thursday night and the place was quite lively, but there were still a few tables open.  The servers all seemed to be having a good time and took excellent care of us, checking in just enough but not too much.  The menu is small, but has something for everyone.  We tried the carnitas - flavorful and tender - and a burger - expertly seasoned and juicy.  Both were slightly overcooked: the burger arrived more medium rare than the requested rare, and on the carnitas the yolk of one fried egg was deliciously soft, while the other was just a bit too set.  However the high quality ingredients and delightful flavors evened out any imperfections.  The drink menu was well rounded and we enjoyed both the beer and cocktails.  The small touches in design elevate the interior from the ordinary in an entirely pleasing way.  Tip Top is a great addition to the neighborhood and I look forward to enjoying it again soon.
4	I never set foot in the old Tip Top so couldn't attest to the transformation which I hear is remarkable.What I can say is this is my favorite all-around bar. Justin is a good down to earth guy. Even when it's busy he takes time to talk and makes custom drinks. I can definitely say Tip Top has the best mixed drinks in town. Add the tasteful decor and the decent pub food and this is one of the best neighborhood/dive bars in Madison.
5	I came in yesterday with a pretty big group of ten plus we sat on the patio which was very nice. The waitress was very polite and was checking on us pretty consistently :).  This was the first time I had been there since it was redone and I really liked how it looked.  My friend and I tried the Chipotle Chicken and Wild Rice soup it was so delicious even on that very hot day so kudos to that!  I also tried one of the fried pickles with the sauce it came with it was also very good! Had a good time here.
5	Love!   We will be back, and back often.  As our summer Saturday dining trek continues this is the epitome of what we want.  A local joint, that just makes you comfortable and glad to be out.Arrived about 6:30 on a Saturday, and found our way to the new back patio.  A couple of larger groups, but plenty of choice of seating.  Found our table, and service was immediate-friendly, attentive, and just exceptional.  KR had barely ordered and couldn't stop gushing about her love of this place.  We started with the fried pickles, based on previous reviews, and they were perfectly done.KR had the Rooster sandwich and enjoyed it so much, she only offered me a tiny bite, As I'm unable to order the same, I was forced to the Tip Top burger, and was not disappointed.  Perfectly done, and flavor throughout.After another beverage, and just enjoying the evening, we got our check and headed out.Thanks to other reviews, we knew CASH only, but there is an ATm, so heads up!Perfect, exactly what we wanted, and this sets the bar for us for the balance of our summer Saturday dining trek.
5	We've been coming here since January 2014 and have never been disappointed. I usually order the catfish po' boy, but alas it has been taken off the menu. No worries, it turns out that a new addition, the Tuna So Gouda, is also a winner. Not too mayonnaise-y, the flavors are capers, dijon mustard and basil. Served on rye, it's a big win.The beer list isn't huge but it's got all the best of the bunch and changes often. The noise level can be challenging, given the small size of the place and the fact that it's usually packed. Love the interior, very art deco-ish in blues, greens and golds, warm and inviting. The service is friendly, attentive and prompt. The fried pickles are a must-have appetizer, they're slices rather than spears, and the batter is a light tempura style. They're served with the Tip Top sauce, a spicy sriracha aeoli. Delish. Had me wishing for another round :-)They were surprisingly not busy last night probably due to the extensive road work currently happening right in front and all around the building. Now would be a great time to check them out if you haven't, it will be quieter and no waiting.
5	Time for an update, as it's been 6 months since my initial review, and I've revisited at least 15 times since then.+ The atmosphere can't be beat. Love the space.- Still quite noisy; certain voices (and annoying laughs) seem to really carry here+ The staff is excellent; honest, helpful, friendly, courteous - truly professional+ Beer list remains nearly identical to what it was 6 months ago, and that's OK by me+ Several taps on nitrogen - yummmmmmm+ Now has outdoor patio behind the bar+ The food is superb+ Fried pickles - get them. (oh, and you're welcome)+ Sandwiches - all are outstanding+ Fish fry is very, very solid+ Onsite ATM with reasonable service fee- Cash onlyRemains one of my very favorite places to visit.
5	Finally go to the Tip Top last night for dinner and had a great experience.  Great job with the remodel, and the outdoor patio is very nice as they put up a high enough fence to block the street and make it private, but it is lareg enough to be fun.  Excellent liquor and beer selections at reasonable prices.  Food was way better than expected - huge portions, excellent quality, and nicely different than the usual Madtown fare.  We had fried pickles which were done with tempura batter so they were not heavy and the slight sweetness of the batter nicely offset the brininess of the pickles.  Huge basket with a great home made dipping sauce ( a remoulade) as well.   Then, thank God cause it is also big, we split a plate of two pepper mac 'n cheese, which was cooked perfectly and the jalapenos were offset perfectly by the poblanos for a flavorful balance.  Twelve taps, good cocktails, great service and a friendly atmosphere.  Hope you do well Tip Top!
2	Food:  The fried pickles with special sauce are very good.  The breading is like the batter from a good fish fry, and the pickles are cut in deliciously thin chips.  The sweet potato fries were also quite good, but they were cold when they got to us.  I always appreciate it when a restaurant goes the extra mile to make their own vegetarian burger.  This one was fair and had a southwest flavor to it.  The macaroni and cheese (which does not come with the cilantro or parsley mentioned on the menu) was pretty bad.  You could eat the top layer off, but the bottom layer was completely flooded with oil.Service:  The server was very friendly and courteous.  However, we only got a refill on the water when the check came.  Like most pubs, be prepared for a pretty good wait before you get your food.  And, there appeared to be some issue with misplacing our appetizer order.  Atmosphere:  Fun and kind of hipster.   There is a nice outdoor patio, but be aware that it is dog friendly.  This means that you may have someones poorly trained dog licking your feet during dinner.  This also means that all of the servers and staff will pet the dogs while handling your food.  If this is a concern for you, consider a different restaurant.Price: Very reasonable.  Starters were about $5 and entrees were less than $10.Payment:  Cash onlyParking: Street, but there seemed to be plenty of spaces.I love Tip Top Tavern's sister restaurant - Lazy Janes - and I would like to come back for brunch.  And, the new ownership has done some great things to the restaurant.  But, I would not come back for dinner.  The food was fair to poor, and the dog issue is unappetizing.
3	As I write this, my ears are still ringing from the decibel onslaught that Tip Top delivered.  It was so bad that a couple left before ordering.  Adding some soft elements to either the walls or ceiling would help remedy this.The tavern has a solid beer list and from the reviews, a menu that most people enjoy.  I was not one of those people.  Craving some comfort food from a long weekend, I opted for the Green Chili Mac and Cheese while my girlfriend went with Pastrami King.  The mac and cheese promised roasted poblano peppers and jalapenos but I wouldn't have guessed that by what I tasted.  Not that creamy and definitely not the peppery overtones that I was expecting.  A very normal and bland dish.  My girlfriend's sandwich fared a bit better.  The pastrami was delicious and well smoked but it's companions on the bread (sharp cheddar, horseradish mayo, lettuce, tomato, and red onion) was poorly constructed and was sloppy to eat.  For me, not a destination spot.  If I was in the neighborhood, perhaps, but I think there are better options a few minutes away.
3	Hate to downgrade a favorite new place, but today was not a tip top experience at the Tip Top Tavern.We got there for lunch around noon. There were maybe 3 other patrons inside...maybe more were out back on the patio, I didn't check. We were greeted cordially upon arrival, but it all went downhill from there. After getting cash out from the on site ATM (no cards accepted), we waited to be seated. After awhile, I asked if we should just seat ourselves. And then we did.We waited for a server. None came, though two were leaning on and chatting at the bar together for a long time and never glanced over. After several minutes, I asked if someone could take our order. Just then the proprietor, Ben, came in from the patio, and he walked over and asked what we would like. We ordered fried pickles, the Billy D burger, the Tuna so Gouda, and Tyranena Three Beaches Blonde beer.The tap beer was brought, and it was barely cold. Sigh.The pickles came out after about fifteen minutes. There was a pool of oil on the plate, they hadn't been drained much. Double sigh.When I saw that it had been 40 minutes since my Yelp check in, I said something. (Actually, I said exactly that.) Then they brought out the food.My son's burger was excellent, he said. Nice bourbon-caramelized onion sauce, thick, perfectly cooked bacon (his addition).My tuna so gouda was ice cold instead of grilled, and had American cheese on it instead of gouda. Triple sigh. Sent it back to be grilled, then noticed the cheese issue...whatever. I was starving, so I just ate it.Proprietor Ben comped our meals because of these issues. He offered it voluntarily, which was very nice. I'm not sure what happened today, but I hope it gets better because we really like the place. Was kind of embarrassing to have so many issues on my son's first visit, after I had talked it up so much.
2	Poor service by the wait staff is my biggest complaint. We were there at 5:00 (and it wasn't busy yet), and it took probably 15 minutes to place our order. Finally, $16.95 for a fish fry. Yowzers!
3	Bar looks great and seems like an excellent addition to Madison's east side. Service was quick and responsive. The items off the regular menu were fine. I had the Seitan Philly (no cheese) and my sister-in-law the Tuna So Gouda. It was the special that was a total dud. My wife and brother both ordered the taco special, which they said was exceptionally bland. Unlike me, neither is inclined to tell the waitstaff that their food was blah when asked. The beer selection was excellent. I think they are on the right track, but need to find someone who will give them better feedback on new ideas for food. We will definitely come again, but not if we plan to have a pleasant conversation -- very, very loud with the tin ceiling (it looks great though).
5	I live about four blocks from the Tip Top.  I am so happy with this establishment.  I have been going to this place since it has opened under new owners.   Ben and Co. are very amiable and will go well out of their way to make your visit worthwhile.Cash is King...no credit/debit cards.  Everything is delicious and reasonably priced.  I have made it a point to try everything on their menu.  So far my favorite dish was a "man maker" walleye sandwich (Saturday special) with their own in house remoulade sauce.  You will require extra napkins.  The fried pickles are really good too... you may need to get some extra Tip Top sauce.  Bloodies and Brunch on the patio are a must.  They also have several specialty adult beverages... I would highly recommend the Ghost Mary.  The tap list caters to my ever changing palate... with Nitro on tap as well.  Overall, this is a fantastic little neighborhood tavern that has a terrific atmosphere and is a welcome amenity to the local area.
4	I have been on two trips to Top Top now, and figured it was time to write a quick review. I've done weeknight dinner and Sunday brunch.The weeknight we stopped in was a beautiful night for patio eating. My partner and I both had the Tip Top burgers and they were wonderful. Nice albeit modest selection of beers on tap (disclaimer: we moved from Milwaukee where anything less than a novel in a beer menu is modest) and just an all around pleasant experience. Service was good--relaxed but not too distant--and we were in and out in decent time.Brunch was a few days ago and nearer to memory. I stopped in with a friend who ordered the pastrami hash and I had the veggie benedict. Mint and avocado? Apparently delicious! My only minor complaint on the benedict was that the tomatoes weren't quite ripe, but as my own garden will attest it's been a rough tomato year. My friend who has a gluten allergy was delighted to learn that they offer gluten free bread and said his hash was delicious. It was pretty quiet, just us and a few other people around noon. Hoping other people find this little neighborhood gem soon. Just, you know, not when I want to be there, it's nice to have some room to stretch out ;).
4	I went for Sunday brunch.  We got there early, around 10, so it was not busy.  The service was good, as was the food.   The veggie patty was excellent! I like the coffee bar so that you don't have to wait for someone to refill your cup.   I will go back.
3	I really wanted to give this spot 4 stars -- but man oh man! We arrived early, and like another reviewer said, we had to wait FOREVER for service. We got menus, but no water. When the server finally came to take our drink order (15-20 minutes after our party arrived), we ordered wine and also asked for water. Our drinks came out 10 minutes apart, and we never did get that water.The food is tasty. The fish fry is overpriced. The interior is fun and adorable -- the kind of place that inspires you to hang out with friends and linger over your meal.But man -- don't go when there's even a chance it will be busy, because the service can be dreadfully slow.
4	Tip Top Food.Tip Top Drink.Tip Top Tavern! While the cash only thing is sort of a drag, their beer line-up is not. Easily one of the best pumpkin beers I've had, spicy, with notes of nutmeg and cinnamon, not sweet. I'll head back and grab the name then update this, as it escapes me. The build your own burger is super solid, a la Five Guys in that it's one set price and you can add a bajillion toppings. Premium items like avocado are a little extra, but totally worth it when you consider the burger itself loaded with standards comes in at around 8 bucks. I agree with a few others who say the noise level can be hard to tolerate, but two people sitting at the bar or a table will be a-ok. Perhaps a larger group might have trouble hearing each other, but the space is quaint and intimate, I'm not sure you'd want to give it a go if your party is larger than 4.
5	The food is a cut above most bars. I don't give many reviews, but I needed to give my favorite place one.   Not sure if you want breakfast or lunch?  Have the rooster. It's basically a BLT with 2 fried eggs on a grilled cheese sandwich. What more could you want!?  The burgers are made with very high quality meat, and the bun is soft without falling apart. They're also doing a nice Fish Fry on Fridays. The place looks great. If you were ever in before the renovation, it's hard to believe your in the same bar. I really thought they took down a wall or something. I've found the staff friendly and have had many fun conversations at the bar.
4	Honestly, I could have gone with 3 stars for this place, but since it's a fairly new local establishment I bumped it up to 4.  Feel feel to read on for more detailed impressions. My husband and I just stopped in here on a Tuesday.  It was very crowded when we arrived (it looked like there was some sort of large group in there) and we weren't sure if we should seat ourselves or what.  We sat down at a table and then because I wasn't sure if there was wait service or one ordered at the bar I went to talk to a bartender.  He sent us a server right away.  I'm not sure how fast the service would have been if I hadn't asked but as it stood we had a very nice, attentive waitress.  We ordered the following:cheese curds- A+Build your own burger- B, honestly the burger was good (not excellent) but by the time the bacon, cheese and fries were added on it was a $12 burger, not advertised as made with organic/local meat...I think that's a bit over-priced.Ruben- B+, this was a good, reasonably priced sandwich.  Beware they do not accept cards which is a pain.  Especially since the ATM charges $2 to withdraw money.  I really think in an age where the fees charged to restraunts for debit cards are nominal they should at least accept those.My husband ordered the Lake Louie scotch ale which is a nice brew, they have a nice beer selection.  The bar is cozy and it was a fun place to eat.  We might return just to drink a good beer and eat cheese curds in a nice atmosphere.
