4	Great Beer selection good sandwiches and a basket of popcorn when you sit down. Very reasonable prices.
5	Great place to catch the big game (or not so big games) while enjoying great atmosphere and prices. Staff very friendly, including the owner who went the extra mile for our group once. Little things like that keep me coming back. Good Golden Tee machine in an out-of-the-way nook. I've always met interesting people when I go to the Saloon. Food is also great. It's bar fare, but very good. Great vibe and great crowd.
3	I think this place is alright - good beer and your usual selection of bar food.  They do offer a bowl of popcorn to all patrons which is a nice little touch, but I'm weary of such communal distribution of food - has it been recycled, how long has it been sitting out, whose hands have touched the piece of popcorn that I'm placing in my mouth?  You know the usual salad bar/buffet questions that us over-analytical types like to run through our heads.  But the Saloon seems to be a very popular spot with the South Hills crowd.  And I sorta get it, the location is convenient for the South Hills patrons and with the selection of restaurants in the area you can grab a bit to eat before heading over to the Saloon.  Overall, I do enjoy this place when I go, but I'm not a frequent patron.  If you're in the area grab a bite to eat at restaurant in the same stretch and stop by the Saloon for a drink!
4	We live near this bar/restaurant and frequent it.  As a vegetarian, I love that they offer a portobella "burger" and other veggie friendly appetizers. They have a lot of great beer on tap and it rotates seasonally. All of the servers we have had have been knowledgeable about whats on tap and willing to offer suggestions. My husband and I always go there during the week. The crowd weekday nights is pretty mellow (unless a game is on!) I don't know how the weekends are. It's a great place to watch a game too, as there are tv screens all around the the bar. I also wanted to give them a big THANKS to the Saloon. During the big snow snowstorm of 2010, our power went out and the staff at the Saloon let us spend a long time eating dinner, and hanging out while we waited of our electricity to come back on.
1	Why does this place always smell bad? Seriously, the second you walk through the door it's vaguely sewer-ish. Their roof deck is okay, and I am honestly glad that not every establishment in Lebo is high-end, but overall I'm not a fan.
3	The Saloon is a great place to have some drinks with friends, catch a game on tv. The service is mostly friendly and quick. It really gets busy on Fridays and weekend evenings. They also have a decent beer selection, although I will add that there food is only so so. I'm not expecting much on the food front in this type of environment but there is room for improvement. And since there food isn't stellar there are plenty of good places near by and you can always grab a slice at apizza badamo.
3	As far as atmosphere, The Saloon is a decent place. Earlier in the day, when it's dead, it has that low-key neighborhood vibe. In fact, it's so low-key that the last time I was in, it essentially became a family restaurant with a few of the tables filling up with groups of little kids and their parents after what I presume was a basketball game. Granted, that forced us to move, as our group of adults didn't want to spend the afternoon attempting to talk over the sounds of a dozen + kids, but I guess with a few video games on the one side of the bar, the TV's, and affordable food, it's not an awful option for the locals to bring their kids during the day.The bartenders have always been really nice, and the beer selection is pretty good. With a nice pint and all of the TV's, it's a decent place to catch a game, so there are definitely some positive aspects to The Saloon. Just don't expect much from the food. Now, yes...I'm fully aware that it's a bar, so the food isn't supposed to be great, but their food is actually bad enough that when I'm hungry The Saloon just isn't a place I consider an option unless we're meeting people there. I've given the food on the menu three chances to impress me, ordering different items each time, and sadly, the only food item that I enjoyed was the complimentary popcorn they brought to our table and/or gave us at the bar...and I'm not a big fan of popcorn.Even something as simple as the buffalo chicken tenders I ordered last time as a fail-safe hope for a meal - after two previous disappointing experiences - scored below-average. The buffalo sauce was almost gritty, as the seasoning in the sauce was too noticeable. Talk about an awful texture. The fries are okay, but the sweet potato fries were too greasy. Now I'm sure there are people who will stand behind the food at The Saloon, but after my 3 unimpressive meals, I know I'll be hesitant the next time I'm perusing the menu during a visit. Perhaps I'll wise up and just eat at Aladdin's or Little Tokyo next door to The Saloon before heading into the pub next time.
5	The Saloon is one of the best sports bars in Pittsburgh.  Tons of new TVs so you can see the game from any angle.  Sure you can go to the Southside, but then you have to deal with the zombie scene.  Seriously, that place has so many red-eyed, foaming-at-the-mouth people stumbling around it looks like George Romero is filming again.  I'd rather go to The Saloon where I can watch the Steelers/Pens in a festive, but not out of control atmosphere, and have a good time with my friends.Great bar menu and beer selection as well.  The wings are the best in town.
5	Really good burgers!
5	This is the sports bar I have been looking for since I moved to Pittsburgh! I only wish it was closer!We checked this place out on Saturday. We were dressed up because we were attending a reception for a wedding later on and we were just trying to kill time. There weren't too many people in there and majority of the TVs were focused on the Pitt game with a few other games sprinkled throughout. First win: PUMKING! I am seriously in love with that stuff. The bartender was incredibly nice and funny and social, which is how I like my bartenders. I mean, shouldn't they all be like that? Customer service is pretty much your job, but I digress ...We didn't eat anything, as I said, we were heading to a reception afterwards, but we got to enjoy some beers and watch a bit of the Penn State and FSU games, my two favorite teams, so that was nice. The TV setup was in such a way that no matter where you were sitting you could see the game, a feature most sports bars in this town seem to be lacking. Prices and selection seemed on point and the bartender hooked it up! :) All in all I was super satisfied.
3	This is a decent sports bar - good selection of beer with your usual bar food menu. The drink and food prices are very reasonable for the area - also they do have happy hour specials from time to time. I come here mostly during the hockey season to watch the pens game and also may be because I live only a few blocks away from the bar. Most of those who come here are usually locals from the South Hills Area. Although it's a bar, you will likely to see groups of families with kids. Also, there's usually a bouncer to check IDs at the door after 8 or 9 PM.Although I don't frequent that often, I do enjoy whenever I go.
4	great place outside the city
4	Any place that puts Yuengling on special on Saturday night is going to get a second look from me. So I went in, and I saw the sort of popular and unassuming place that every neighborhood should have. But this was a little better. The bar has a good 15-20 taps and a huge liquor selection.I ordered the buffalo wings -- hot -- and I really liked them. They had good meat on them and the hot sauce had decent flavor to it. Seems like this place puts decent effort into quality food and drink, and the atmosphere speaks for itself.
5	I LOVE THE SALOON! It is my favorite bar in all of Pittsburgh. I used to live in Mount Lebanon and would be here at least once a week. The popcorn is like crack. I'm jonesing for some just thinking about it. I also think the food is great bar food. I've sampled my way through most of the sandwiches and burgers but always come back to the buffalo chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. So good. Staff is super friendly, there are lots of TVs, ample seating, and Yuengling drafts are less than $3. What more could anyone possibly want?? I have yet to find a Saloon replacement in Chicago where I now live. Every time I come back to Pittsburgh to visit family, we always stop by the Saloon.
4	There's two saloons in the South Hills. I was confused between Cain's and The Saloon of Mt. Lebo because they're both the "Saloon." Maybe it's like the Wild Wild West and they're feuding. In any case...If it were to that angle, I'd be hard pressed to say which one would win the shoot out. I liked Cain's because it was clean, tons of beer choices and good bar food. BUT, even though this place is a little darker, a little more "aged" as I'll lovingly put it... they had some darn good wings. And beer selection. But those wings. They were crispy, the sauce was tangy and plentiful, plus it was just plain hot wings and they were delicious!So the joint looks like it may have seen some better days... if you serve me some bangin' hot wings that are making me dream about them later and a row of around 30+ beers on tap, I'm in! I'll be back to demolish some wings...
5	I'm giving The Saloon 5 stars because I love it there, but this is not a 5 star restaurant.It's a straight forward, cozy, fun tavern in the heart of Mt Lebanon and it's usually busy for a reason:  they have just about every beer you can imagine, the crowd there is FRIENDLY (I know two people who met their spouses at The Saloon) and it's a good place to watch the game.The decor in nice is very tavern-esque.  Wooden floors, walls, etc.  Its not a dive, and the ladies room is always very clean.The wings are really good.  There is free popcorn but I'm convinced I will contract swine flu or something from communal snacks so I always pass on it.  In terms of food, I recommend anything with buffalo sauce on it.  I think this is more a lifestyle choice for me than it is a food recommendation, but its just so good!Parking can be a challenge.  I'd also like to mention that this is Mt Lebanon.  The police there WILL ticket you for ANYTHING.  Make sure you are parked in a legal spot.  They'll seriously chalk your tires and time you to see if you leave your car parked too long in a timed spot.  So be mindful of that!
4	The Mt. Lebanon Saloon is such a happy hangout for my entire family. It's a perfect bar atmosphere with lots of aged dark wood and beer taps with fabulous selections lining both sides of the bar. There are plenty of TVs all around the bar and dining area - after all it is Pittsburgh! They offer up a big basket of popcorn (aka 'crack') as soon as you sit down. No one in our family can stop eating it until the basket is empty. The wings are delicious and I wish I could say my favorite buffalo chicken sandwich was also still a delight but the last time I had it, somebody messed with the recipe and not in a good way. I sincerely hope this was a fluke and they bring back the old buffalo chicken sandwich.......please! There's a wide array of burgers, hoagies and sandwiches to choose from on the menu that range from good to really good. It's bar food not fine dining but its always fun in there and the beer selection and atmosphere rocks!!
1	I have been robbed twice by the Saloon.  Someone there likes to write in tips so if you use a credit or debit card at the Saloon make ABSOLUTELY sure that you check you bank statement the next day. After the first time I wrote it up as a mistake on my part or their but the last time I was flabbergasted.  I went in on some Yeungling special night, ordered one beer, and wrote a dollar tip.  The next morning I checked my statement and I had been charged 25.00 for that single beer.  This is not only a bad business practice but it is illegal and fraud.  But they will keep saying it was an 'accident' as long as they can get away with it.  If you do have to go here I IMPLORE you to only use cash and look at your change carefully. This bar should be your absolute last resort in Mt Lebanon.At closing time as well, get ready for the Mt Lebo Police Dpt to pull up outside and start hassling people who are WALKING HOME.  There are other great bars in Mt Lebanon that are far more deserving of your money.
5	Great beer selection, will def come back.
2	This place is just okay.  Food isn't that great.  It's kind of dark & dingy.  Lots of TV's though.  I prefer Cain's Saloon...just right down the road.
3	Good beer selection and great additional space when the deck is open. Typical dive and bar food. Crowded on Friday/Saturday nights.
2	If you are close to the area and you simply want a cheap beer with friends on a cold night, go for it. Just don't expect to get anything else out of it. The bartenders are pretty attentive and make strong drinks but I can't say the same for the food -- it's downright disgusting. The ambiance is a little strange. After sporting events, they blast a collection of random music that has no flow. The crowd consists mostly of guys in their late 20s who wear beanies and fedoras and like to hunt the crowd in their high school wolf packs and cougars who most likely live in the area.
2	Decent bar atmosphere with dark wood and tavern like feel to it.  Being that it is a bar, I was actually surprised by the amount of families. But, a neighborhood bar to say the least. Came on St. Patty's weekend around lunchtime which meant this place was packed wall to wall. We eventually found a high top and were able to watch both the Pitt and Pens games. They have several TVs in all different angles which is really nice when it's packed and you don't really have to worry about finding a place near one single tv or anything. It was kind of a mess, but because it was a packed holiday weekend, I'll cut them a break. The food wasn't that good at all.. I had the Reuben sandwich and my friend had a chicken salad. Yes, it's a bar, but I've had good food at several bars before. The service was also overwhelmed and really slow. You would've been better off walking up to the bar and ordering a drink on your own. Needless to say, it wasn't a horrible experience by any means, but I wasn't impressed.
3	Typical dive bar. Mostly Mt.Leb locals and families, but smells like an old fraternity house. It has a lot of beers on tap and a great following. I like that it's close to my apartment, but I'd rather stay at home with a bottle then venture to the Saloon.
4	The saloon's wing night is great. It's a great place to watch sporting events and the staff is always very friendly. They lose a star based on the french fries. Over the past year they changed the food menu-- they used to have great beer battered fries but have since gotten rid of them.
4	I met future husband here 12/23/09 at a girls night out when he was out with his buddies celebrating the divorce of his friend. We got married 9/20/14.
