5	Someone took me to Da Lillo and introduced me to their chicken/pasta plate. You know, the one where you get half a chicken (a quarter chicken? I don't know, but it's a LOT of food) with a bunch of penne in a rose sauce. I'm normally pretty skeptical about people ordering for me, which is exactly what happened after the dreadful words "we don't need the menu"... but thank god it went down that way cause this plate is kind of epic. So much so that I continued eating long after I was full, and polished off the entire portion with a big satisfied orange stained grin. You know, cause of all the spicy sauce I slathered on my chicken? I lost control and finished it in a complete gluttonous trance. Delicious. Then I went back a week later and did it again.Short term goal: try other menu items. Or not. Why mess with perfection?
5	The first restaurant that I went to upon arriving in Montreal. The atmosphere is great and oh yeah the food is amazing. You must try their Alla Giggi sauce with the portugese chicken. Now when I go there I dont need a menu anymore. Its a great place to hang out and enjoy great food.Enjoy!
5	Just be sure to eat their Portugese chicken, you won't regret it. The prices are also very reasonable.  Good ambiance, nice place, will go back for sure!
5	My favorite neighborhood restaurant!If there's a restaurant I can go to and know that ill be satisfied with both the service and the food its DA LILLO. Ive been going to this restaurant for about 4-5 years now. I usually order their chicken/pasta plate. Its so good! Ive also ordered their calamari, and  the mix meat plate( i think it has lamb, chicken , quail)  with side of pasta in rose sauce. I didn't venture myself to their pizzas yet. I will definitely be trying it next time I go. The fried calamari is not super greasy,and soggy, but light and with enough crunch. The only bad thing is that the bread is kind of cold.Well since I didn't come for the bread its not the end of the world.The servers are super nice. Oh and the owner seem to always be abound. Very friendly guy.Price wise is very affordable. Its a cute little restaurant.  It gets extremely busy on Thur-Sat, specially in the summer. They also have a small terrace area.Da lillo never fails for some good Portuguese chicken!
5	Went recently on a late diner with little sis! Place was jam packed as usual. We had to wait a little for a table. The owner was super friendly and inviting as always :) he sat us by a new spot that I haven't seen before. Sorta In the middle of the bar, nice round table! We ordered the fried calamari,chicken grillades plate with pasta as the side , and mix grillade ( I think it included steak , lamb, and quail )plate with pasta as well!Total cost was 60$ I also had a gin soda :)Food was delicious and the bread was nice and warm for once! Definitely recommend this place.It was worth the wait. This places gets extremely busy. It sucks that they close on Sunday. You can also order to go.
3	Went their with a group for a birthday party. Service was good a quick. Portuguese chicken is a must. Can't go wrong. Who needs Scores or St-Hubert when you can come here?
