4	I seem to be hanging out in chains lately... and none of them are blowing me away!  This location of Paradise Bakery has one special thing going for it - they have frozen yogurt!  (I don't think any of the other locations have fro yo).  Other than that, this Paradise Bakery is pretty standard.  Located right near the fountains in "the District" area of Desert Ridge (not far from the AMC Theater), you can get consistently ordinary sandwiches and salads here.  I usually go with the walnut chicken salad sandwich or salad - their multigrain bread is not bad but their salad dressings and additional toppings are not anything special.  Pretty average actually...Paradise Bakery is getting an extra star (increasing my rating from 3 to 4) because they offer cookie cakes that are awesome!  With a couple of hours notice, they will customize your cookie cake and it's always a hit at a party... recently, we ordered a cookie cake for my friend Shauna's birthday - it not only looked adorable, but tasted great too!  Go for the cookies - not necessarily the food!
4	Why would I rather spend an afternoon here than the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort and Spa?  Because they have FREE wifi here!  The baked goods aren't bad either.Yes, as I previously mentioned, the resort wanted me to PAY for WIRED internet.  Instead, I drove across the street and bought an iced coffee here (roughly 4 bucks) and enjoyed free wifi.  Even though I didn't have anything really important to do (in fact, I think I wrote a review while I was there...) it was nice feeling connected.  So that's what an addiction to the internet feels like.I got some sort of frozen mint chip coffee.  Nothing spectacular, but nothing terrible.The bakery is in the middle of the outdoors mall there.  Across the way is a Starbucks.  Odd that they can cohabitate, but both seem to be doing good business.  I did not try any of the sandwiches or salads, but I'm sure they would have tasted fine.  This chain reminds me of Panera bread in San Jose; they basically sell the same things.There are some bar tables near the register and booths in the rest of the dining area.  Just be forewarned: if you are bringing a laptop, be sure to have your battery charged.  There is ONE outlet near the outer door next to the bathroom that you could reach from a table, but not the booths.  My friend who came with me had his laptop die.  Me, being the GRACIOUS friend, allowed him to use my laptop to finish his homework assignment.  That's just the kind of buddy I am =)
4	I spend work time here at Paradise Bakery Desert Ridge - I like its free wifi, (even though PB has started clamping down on lunch work - 30 minutes only between 11am-1pm). Its food is always tasty and the coffee is scrumptious.But last Friday, during a long chat with a pal, the Desert Ridge associate Dillon was awesome during our visit - he offered us coffee and tea refills, and brought us back each in new cups - very unexpected and very welcome (we were in a long work discussion). Kudos to him for friendliness and service! Highly recommended. One drawback? The room has only 1 (maybe 2?) outlets to plug in laptop work. But then again, it's a cafe, not Gangplank, right? :-)
5	Man this place is good!  Bring it to Vegas, please?  Came for lunch, ended up getting a bunch of cookies, too.  Their cookies are soooo good.  Everything is very reasonably priced.
4	When I travel to Phoenix for work I always hit this place up.  They have the absolute best cinnamon rolls I've ever had in my life!  They are huge, have tons of creamy topping, and they even heat it up for you.  Their quiche is also very tasty, along with their southwest breakfast wraps.  Their tuna sandwiches are decent but not worth $7 IMO.  They also have very soft and chewy chocolate chip cookies.  Decent coffee too.
4	Affordable, fresh and delicious.  Like Rob said, everything is sooooo reasonably priced, a nice find in this area of flashy new resturants.  The breakfast croissant was HUGE and yummy and their chai latte beats my fav starbucks.  The breakfast wrap is a great low carb breakfast and the yogurt parfait was very good.  Service was beyond helpful.    Ambiance surprisingly reminiscent of  Panera Bread. Same designer?Phoenix, you are so lucky!  Please let us have one of these in the Bay Area?  Heck, please let us have one in every city!  Such good food for the money.  A definite must.
3	I can't complain about the prices, the cleanliness, or the staff all of which were great. But I am not happy that they don't have the BBQ chicken salad at this location, the drink stands are behind the counter and they serve your dine in orders in plastic bowls. Now I don't know if they get a bunch of rowdy high school students in here and they do things differently than other PBC's concerning the drinks and the dish-ware, but how hard is is to make a BBQ chicken salad? :-(This location is small and really does have limited items on the menu. You would be better off going to one of the other locations unless it's a super emergency and you really need a chocolate chip cookie!
5	Yummy!!! I am in love with paradise bakery! I could seriously war there everyday. I've had just about every one of their soups and they are all good. My favorite salads are the southwest chicken ceasar and the greek. Oh and those cookie are beyond fab. They just melt in your mouth. Two thumbs up paradise!
4	Whenever I make a trip out to AZ, I always stop by Paradise for the cookies. The cookies are soo good, even the nibblers.
3	food is hit or miss.This place never seems to have clam chowder.But the service is awesome.I usually get the fire roasted tomato soup (kinda tastes like marinara sauce!! lol)and southwest chicken salad.Its alright, not the best things I have ever had.The cookies are okay, I personally think the one on mayo makes way better cookies and wonderful soup.
2	The paradise bakery chain is good. But as a former employee there, its because they load everything, including the bread with sugar. At the end of the day they throw out hundreds of cookies, which I would donate the day old cookies to underpriveldged families. If u call ahead of time, the employees will save the day old pastries and cookies for u if u intend to donate it or contribute it toward a good cause. All paradise bakeries are busy! The amount of kitchen and walkway space behind the counter is so crowded and gets messy fast. Because it was so busy, we would wait until we closed to clean the dishes. Because we did it all at once, the dishes were cleaned in disgusting brown water. The rags we used to clean knives, tables, chairs and counters were soaked in dirty brown water of "sanitizing" buckets on the floor with bits of food floating in them. Because paradise bakery is open so late, until ten or eleven, the workers want to get out of there and would sabotage your food if you came in close to closing time. I saw the workers drop their bread on the floor and soak the plastic salad bowls in the brown water of the "sanitizing" buckets.  I stopped working there because I found a job with better pay, but after seeing how gross the conditions were, I never ate there again. Overall, its unclean, over priced, busy and loaded with sugar....but the food is good.
1	I have to find a new friend to go bike (Schwinn, not something cool like a Harley) riding with. This is the second time I have been dragged to a Paradise Bakery at breakfast time. I can't take it anymore. There was a review for another location where the reviewer says it looks when you step in the door that Paradise has promise. That is so true.When you first walk in and are looking at the bagels, the baked goods, the menu, the purple lights, you almost forget about your last, horrible experience. Have no fear, once the food is served, you quickly remember. I ordered a croissant breakfast sandwich - no ham, and a medium coffee. Seems simple enough. They brought me the sandwich WITH ham. I didn't know when I first bit into it. This ham is still alive, it is so tough, I am sure this is what Wilson rejects for their footballs. What is wrong with you Paradise? Why would you stick a huge slab of tough ham inside a croissant. A croissant that wasn't even toasted. Which brings me to my next comment. You stick an egg on a croissant and you make no attempt to toast the croissant? Even Dunkin Donuts toasts the croissant. You have no clue how to make anything. Even after Panera acquired you, they couldn't impart any wisdom into you? And coming from Panera, that would be little wisdom since they have a terrible menu, which you made worse.It was good to taste the same bitter mud, er, coffee, that Panera serves.Paradise, you owe me more money for this disgusting crap you served me, but why can't you try to improve? You clearly can't think this food is good? You remind me of the fat girl in school who boys would tell her, she had a cute face just to get some action out of her. Someone once lied to you and told you, you had a cute face and you believed them. The fat girl was fat and being used, and you don't have a cute face.
4	I really enjoy fresh healthy food. The salads are great and aways have a great variety of daily soups. The chicken walnut salad sandwich is my favorite sandwich and usually get 1/2 sandwich and cup of soup. It gets really busy around lunch time daily, so you may want to get there no later than 12:30pm if you have a group of two or more.
3	I keep going to Paradise Bakery expected to be impressed or at least enjoy the food more than I do: I've had the chicken salad and paradise club. Both are eh. I'd rather go to Port of Subs or Jimmy Johns. The cookies are good but super sweet -- so much sugar. The soup is kind of gross -- I had the chicken and wild rice and had the texture of soupy jello.I'll go here if i have to but it's certainly not my first choice. Maybe I just need to find something I like here.
4	Always awesome cookies.  Avoid the lunch-time rush though!
2	Easily the worst experience I have ever had at paradise bakery. Went here for lunch with my husband and 1 year old. About 4 to-go people in front of me waiting for food when we walked in. Placed our order and then proceeded to wait 28 minutes to get our food. Only 6 orders (both to-go and diners) received their orders before me, so it wasn't like there was a long line waiting for food ahead of us. There were also 8 people behind the counter, 3 taking orders and 5 making the orders, but the people making the orders seemed to run into each other, and kept making orders and then realizing the order was already filled, and then throwing away the food.This used to be a quick spot to grab a bite to eat during lunch and get a semi-healthy option for our toddler, but definitely no longer. I would not recommend anyone eat here unless they are prepared to wait a half hour or longer. The line to place orders was out the door when we left.
3	On our way to the movie theater, we decided to grab a quick breakfast. Fortunately, it was late enough (9:50am) that there wasn't a line. Since I normally do not eat breakfast at Paradise Bakery, I had to hang back and take in the menu. Luckily, the employees were really nice and waited while I decided. After ordering, our food came quickly. I ordered the Asiago breakfast sandwich - bacon, egg, and Vermont white cheddar on a bagel. I subbed for a plan bagel with no hassle. It was relatively inexpensive and filling. I'd order it again if I was ever in the area for breakfast. My husband ordered a slice of coffee crumb cake - it was delicious! Soft and tasty with a nice crunchy topping. This is a great place for a quick bite to eat.
1	Hands down the worst paradise bakery in Arizona. I always try to give it another try because of the good location, but time and time again it highly disappoints. The food sucks, very unorganized, ran by a bunch of kids. So bad, and I love paradise bakery.Dry cookies, wet bread, dirty tables, rude rude employees.Avoid this place.So sad because I love paradise and like to visit others often.
4	Went here for lunch with my family and some friends from out of town and it was kind of busy but easy to find a table. The line went fast which is awesome, and I didn't have to talk loud for the cashier guy taking my order to be able to hear me. Cookies here were amazing as usual. I got the Corn Chowder and it was so so good! Could have been a bit bigger for the price though. I think the prices went up a little bit which is a bummer but worth it since the food is so good. I tried the Chai Tea here since i'm obsessed with Chai and surprisingly it was not that good. It tasted very peppery which was not that appealing to me but I drank almost all of it just because it was a little bit pricey. Employees were nice and didn't have to wait long for our orders.
4	Typical Paradise BakeryClean restaurant.Great Food.Great Service.
2	While the food taste the same here as any other PB, the portion sizes are ridiculously small for what you pay.  I ordered the scrambled egg breakfast for $6.99, it was less than 1 egg with a tiny, tiny cup of fruit, a small piece of toast and was missing the bacon!  It cost them less than a dollar for sure!!!  The yogurt parfait was $4, and was one very small scoop of yogurt a few pieces of granola and 3 berries!  The service is VERY slow, the Manager on duty did NOT look or act like he wanted to be there and SHAME on him for making fun of one of the workers behind her back in customer ear shot!  Disrespectful!!
3	Keifer was the saving grace when we visited. He was the only person to greet us of about ten front counter workers and that includes two obvious managers. He apologized for our wait as they were organizing orders and getting prepped for the day. The people immediately behind us (4 people) and the couple behind them walked out before ordering due to the wait. Oatmeal was good - had it plain with cinnamon topper. My fiancee had the croissant breakfast sandwich. Croissant was light and fluffy while the ham had a smoky flavor. The cheese was what you'd expect cheese to be but the egg was a touch on the dry side. Overall a good breakfast option - definitely re-order worthy. Note: when they brought food to the table they did offer us complimentary cookies for waiting in line and for the food. So that helped bring it back a notch!Overall: B+  will come back
2	My husband and I have eaten here several times.  He even gets catering orders from here once and a while if his customers request it.  A couple times they have left out a thing or two on his catering orders.  The reason I am giving it 2 stars is because I find the quality of their food to be at or below average.  The food tastes processed to me and does't seem fresh.  The tables and bathrooms could use a good scrubbing.  Occasionally, they have been out of their chocolate chip cookies or the cookies were hard.  One good thing:  The location is great because it is by the Desert Ridge fountain where your kids can play.
1	I will never eat here again. It is the worst paradise bakery in Maricopa County. The food is prepared with very little care at all and nothing is ever hot including the soup. They use paper plates and bowls rather than real dishes. When you get a bowl of soup it is half of what you would get at another paradise bakery. The staff is always completely disorganized and they don't even bring you your food. What's the point on giving the customer a number for the table?
3	Disappointed, ran out of food I wanted to order, but free cookie!I wanted to order a flat bread sandwich and the cashier said they ran out. Instead, I ordered a Chipotle chicken panini and fire roasted tomato soup. When they called my name I was eager to eat but instead the lady at the counter told me they ran out of the focaccia bread that is intended for the panini. She told me options for bread were sourdough and another one (I can't remember). The "panini" and soup were a good pair, and I was surprised they gave me a cookie for desert. That topped it off!
5	Great service,  awesome food! Love being able to meet for business & dine with Wi-Fi! Great for business!
2	I always enjoy going to Paradise Bakery and I usually eat there when I'm at Desert Ridge. I'm not sure if that location is going through a transition but the service had gone down. The last few times I've been there my order has been wrong and servers have to ask you multiple times to repeat your order. I was there yesterday and two orders had to be fixed while I was there. I really hope they can turn things around at that location.
2	Meh I came in on a Friday around 645pm.  Paradise used to be very good but in recent months this location seems to be failing.  Employees yelling across the counter to other employees on break sitting at the table, I ordered a bagel and it was so stale must have been there from yesterday.  Edible but so stale and chewy.  The only other comment I would make is paradise should come up with some sugar free desserts too!
4	Great place for sandwiches and soup. Would say more of a lunch place with salads, soup, panini, flatbread,  pasta, pastries and of course awesome cookies.I ordered the steak and white cheddar panini and french onion soup. Both were good and tasty. The amount of meat was thin and the soup was luke warm. They did not have any more panini bread so they asked about caibatta bread, so when my wife order her caibatta they ran out of caibatta bread.Remember you always get a cookie with your meal.The best part of the restaurant are the cookies and chippers. If you leave without having a cookie, you should put a bag over your head. The chippers are just smaller cookies so try a variety of different kinds.
2	I had to give this place two stars because I came once and it was good and once and it was terrible.The first time was right before closing so they were fast and wanted me out of there. Efficient and he girl gave me a free drink.I came at 4PM during the week and they had an ancient lady workings the cash register with 7 people in line. I finally asked for another cashier and they brought out an equally old cashier. I'm sorry but when you are busy then you need quick cashiers.It was painfully slow. The only reason I stayed is because I wanted a cookie.Get your act together.
1	I used to love Paradise Bakery. They had such good salads. But the last few times I've eaten there I noticed their food has gone way downhill. It's so bad, I won't be eating there again. Too bad :(
