5	There are several reasons why I love getting in shape at Gilles studio. The first is that the studio is not too large or intimidating. In the words of Goldilocks "It's Just Right". The second is that Gilles is extremely knowledgable and quite efficient at assessing your individual needs. You got it. He writes your plan just for you. The class may have four other people in it with you but you are working on your on plan at your own pace. No getting lost in the crowd here. The third reason I love Gilles so much is because he cares about his students and that they are getting results. He doesn't take " I can't for an answer" but shows you that you can. The biggest reason I love Gilles and working out with him is the results I see and the results I feel. My husband loves the results he sees as well. Thanks Gilles!!!
5	Wow, Gilles has turned my life around. Increased flexibility and less back pain,  for example. Even in group sessions its almost the same as one-on-one. Fully recomended.
5	There is an old saying, "There are people that come into your life and change you forever".  That is exactly how I feel about Gilles.  He is professional and caring but he accepts no excuses.  The classes are very small, 3 or 4 people.  Gilles and Angela, his assistant, are constantly assisting you with corrections or encouragement.  Gilles' knowledge of Pilates is extraordinary but just as important to me, he is an excellent teacher.  Gilles has a passion for helping people feel physically better.  He inspires and motivates me and the results are amazing.  Gilles has indeed changed my life forever.
5	What a wonderful experience to work with a teacher who is knowledgeable, attentive, professional and passionate about his work. Above all, Giles  truly wants to see his students excel.  Young or old, in shape or not, Giles tailors your workouts for your level and before you know it his expertise and guidance has pushed you (since he ignores your whining) to gain more strength, toning and flexibility than you thought you could have.  Giles keeps records of each workout and knows exactly what you have done that session and then takes the time to chart out what will be done the next session.  As a result no two workouts are the same.He creates a wonderful experience and I would highly recommend Pilates 4 U to anyone who is interested in improving not only their physical well being but also their self-esteem and confidence.
5	Arrived at my session yesterday, arrived feeling terrible and probably looking the same. Halfway through my session Giles had me stretching and feeling like the person I wanted to be. Mind and body both were refocused to the posiitive.
5	It doesn't get any better for Pilates students than this studio.  The instructors are top notch. We are lucky to have them in Las Vegas.
