4	The Silver Spoon Cafe describes itself as "A warm and inviting bistro cafe at the San Carlos Hotel". I think this is a pretty good explanation. While adventuring in Phoenix some friends and I decided to stop in downtown Phoenix for some lunch. We parked at a parking garage near the Arizona Republic on Van Buren and ventured on from there. Soon we stumbled upon The Silver Spoon Cafe a quaint and affordable lunch spot in The San Carlos Hotel. The cafe itself is pretty small but it also has a outdoor patio which gives the cafe a more secluded and peaceful vibe. The restaurant features a mix of sandwiches, salads, coffee, smoothies, wraps, pastries, desserts, and assorted breakfast items. I ordered the San Carlos Classic which includes roasted turkey, provolone, mayo, lettuce, and tomato on a french baguette. The sandwich also included a pickle and coleslaw. The sandwich was nice and big and tasty. They even made a grilled cheese for one of my friends which wasn't on the menu. She also had a refreshing Tropical Twister smoothie. If you are in the downtown area for breakfast or lunch you can get a yummy meal with a nice atmosphere for the same price as the Subway across the street!
4	This is a cute little cafe in Phoenix's oldest hotel that serves relatively affordable and tasty lunch fare in a comfortable and friendly environment that looks out onto the streets of downtown. It still amazes me that spots this cozy and cheap can exist in a major city's downtown. To me, that's part of Phoenix's charm.Where else can you work downtown and walk just a block or two from your office tower to have a really nice and affordable lunch in a place quiet enough to have a conversation? I took my parents and grandmother here when they were in town last weekend. We found street parking spots after only circling a few times and then lingered over lunch here for an hour or so. I don't remember everything that everyone ordered, but my portobello sandwich was really tasty and my mom's salad (with dried cranberries and crumbled cheese) was really fresh and huge! Five of us ended up eating lunch (along with sodas, a smoothie, and cookie) for only $45 or so, and it was fun to sit by the big glass windows and watch the lunch hour downtown evolve. This is a great lunch spot either for people working in the heart of downtown or anyone visiting who wants to see downtown and grab lunch while there.
3	Silver Spoon Cafe is a little bistro cafe in/under the Hotel San Carlos. I really want to love it, but I don't. I like the idea, I love the location... I just don't really like the food. The couple times I've been , something is always slightly off. Too sweet, too salty, too cold, too chewy, etc. The cashier boy who works in the afternoons is kind of snarky too.. I would give it more of a chance, but like too many other businesses in downtown, Silver Spoon closes its doors at 3pm and isn't open weekends.
3	I've been to Silver Spoon once, I need to go back to really make the decision if I like it or not.  I went in the summer, it was kinda hot in there-- like most places in the summer but, the heat makes me grumpy.  SO I need to go back when the weather is normal.I got a salad-- it was massive, a little too much dressing for my liking.  Okay, A LOT of too much dressing but I ate it anyway. I'll probably try something else next time.  The staff was nice, the snarky guy that someone mentioned was snarky, buy snarky in a fun loving way, at least that is how I took it.  Snarky can come off all wrong and bad if not done correctly or if you just aren't in the mood for it, or if you yourself is snarky too-- then it's a disaster.  It's close by my work so the fact that I have not returned makes me keep it at a 3 star review.
4	My husband and I are visiting Phoenix  from New England. W e wanted to go to Matt's Big Breakfast, but alas they are closed on Mondays. So we wandered around until we found the Silver Spoon.There are tables outside the restaurant as well as a few tables inside and a counter to order from.   There was a small line inside, so we figured it was a good sign. We both ordered the breakfast burrito with coffee and decided to sit out on the patio area because at 8:00 AM, it was a little cooler outside than inside the restaurant.  The burritos were quite large! Filled with scrambled eggs,peppers, onions, salsa and cheese. They came with a side of homefries. The home fries were just ok but the burrito was excellent.  The coffee was also good.  The service was also good.We may be back to try some of the lunch specials. Their menu had a great selection of sandwiches and salads that seemed reasonably priced.
2	Went in there recently to grab a coffee and my colleague grabbed breakfast. Her food was cheap and looked awesome. I was really excited to try it myself. I came back the next morning with my wife and child. This was a Sunday morning at 8AM. The sign on the door said they were open from 7AM-11AM on Sundays. I was terribly disappointed, and my rating will stay low until I get a chance to go back and try again. Maybe they won't be closed on one of the biggest breakfast mornings of the week (especially when the sign in the window said they would be open!)
4	I'm not a big breakfast person, but there are times when I get to work and realize that if I don't eat something soon I'm going to crash and burn. This morning was such a day, so I walked over the The Silver Spoon hoping they would have their corned beef hash special. They didn't. So, I asked Jono to suggest something for me and he recommended the breakfast bagel sandwich. Since there was an everything bagel, I got that. And, of course, my meat was bacon. I'm very pleased with the end result and had to take a break from chatting about banking issues to finish this tasty treat.
4	Service is good, food made in a timely manner.I'm a vegetarian so only main option is the Mushroom Panini which is fabulous and comes with a pickle and coleslaw.It is right across the Chase Tower where I'm currently training and will hopefully train in the future so Silver Spoon will be seeing more of me.Only request would be more vegetarian, healthier, organic options.
