2	If you need help... good luck.If you haven't a clue, get back in your car and drive to an Ace Hardware.This place is just like Home Depot, great if you know what you want, but if you need to learn or get help, expect a very long wait and inconsistent service.To top it all off, they always have so few cashiers when the lines are longer, but they have plenty of people standing around. Very inadequate service.Good note - Hmmm,convenient, easy to park at,
4	Of the two building/home improvement giants, I used to prefer HD to Lowe's.  However, over the last couple of years I've found staff harder and harder to come by when searching for just the right kind of rope or PVC connector in HD, and after visiting Lowe's for random pieces of material for work I've found the service exemplary!  Each time within seconds of entering the building I've been asked if I needed help - and while in some places this can be overbearing, it's actually a really useful question here.  Due to the attentive and knowledgeable customer service, Lowe's gets 4 stars from me today.
4	Back in the day, there was one choice for home-improvement, Home Depot. I much prefer Lowe's stores. Yes, the warehouse set-up is similar (cement floor, long aisles, etc.). We came down to check out the pricing. We are in the process of remodeling our main bathroom, which is original to the home's construction (1950's, very old by Las Vegas standards). We looked at the toilets, bathtubs, medicine cabinets, linoleum flooring, and storage cabinets. The friendly associate nearby assisted my husband, however, the item we wanted to purchase was out- a recessed toilet paper holder. There were many choices for us in the bathroom department, though, so it was nice to see our options. It wasn't crowded at all, but maybe because it was during a weeknight, towards closing time.
4	I have been there a few times. The other day I was there asked 3 people for help not one could help me or all pointed me in the wrong direction. Finally someone helped me. His name was Jim he walked me around the store and helped pick out the correct stuff then walked me around a few other areas to make sure it would be the best. Big help thanks.
5	My husband and I were out looking for security doors for our house. We stopped by Lowe's to have a look at their selection.Within a couple of minutes someone was there, Frankie if I recall correctly, asking if we needed help. We said we were just looking and he said he'd be in lumber if we changed our mind.We eventually decided to go to "the other home improvement store" to compare prices and selection. We were there for about 45 min. and was not helped ONCE!!!!!! Oh sure we saw about half a dozen employees walk by, some even mention that "that wasn't their department" and my husband even went to the front desk and still nothing. We gave up and went back to Lowe's.Once again, super easy to find Frankie again and while we were placing our order the computer wasn't working right and the manager was there pronto.From the beginning to the end (the purchasing, the setting up of the instillation, the instillation, etc.) was right on point. Everyone was very professional and friendly. I will shopping at this Lowe's for all my future home improvement purchases.
5	Nice cI love shopping at Lowe's.  Honestly I haven't been to a Lowes I didnt like.  Me and my girlfriend went.  We ended up getting 3 ceiling fans and when it was time to check out the cashier was waiting around the register and greeted us.I prefer Lowes over Home depot anyday.  The staff is always super helpful
4	Home improvement stores are foreign territory for me. I avoid going to these places at all costs until I can avoid it no more. I walked in looking like a lost puppy and was greeted with a sales associate who listened to what I was looking for and had to call around to figure out what aisle I needed. Things were pretty organized and customer service was on par, so I would have no qualms coming back if I'm in the area or in need.
4	3.5 starsCame here yesterday to price washer/dryers with some items in mind.  But we did have some questions so we walked over to someone in the appliances department.  Made eye contact, it seemed apparent that he knew we were coming to ask questions and, what did he do?!?  He turned the other direction and walked away LOL SHOT. DOWN.  My husband was so upset by this (and he's usually really easy going) that he put back the broom and sponges we were going to purchase and made us walk out.  In a strange turn of events, I stopped for like half a second to look at cabinet knobs and a girl came over and asked if I needed any assistance.  So they have their best employees in sections where the items cost 5 bucks, and their worst in departments where items can rack up to thousands of dollars?  LOL, ironic.  Anyway, I typically really like Lowe's and have never had any service issues before.  But I've compared pricing on some big ticket items and their prices aren't always the lowest.  I really do like their My Lowe's card, which is great for homeowners who want to keep track of their purchases so it's easy to answer questions like, "What kind of lightbulb did we need for that?" or "What paint color did I use in that room?"  I'll continue to come to price items on my home improvement list but probably won't come back to this location for my appliance needs.
1	Went in on Black Friday around 9:00am, they we're very busy.  Had every intention of buying a Bosch dishwasher; but after standing in front of the appliance for 10 minutes and watching an employee walk buy and not ask to help me out, we left.
1	Never, ever again will I give this outfit a single dollar.   Within the last few months, either when it came to ordering flooring, questions on lighting, etc, there is never anyone in the department that I needed, but many people from other departments that couldn't answer the appropriate questions.  I used to work for a big home improvement place, you're supposed to have at least one person from every department in there at all times, not here.  When I complained to the manager, you'd think he would have ordered the flooring himself, but no, he just wanted to try to find someone else to order it for me (I ALREADY TRIED THAT!!) I would have only given this location a bad review, but when I tried the one in 7 Hills, they tried overcharging me drastically on items, prices that rang up were different from prices that were marked on the product.  Sorry Lowes-  Never again!!!
4	Good selection of almost all hardware things you can think of. I buy all of my spring flowers and plants at their greenhouse section of the left side of the store.  They have many plants and trees to choose from.
4	Helpful employees in garden, even pointing out the clearance plants that I had to get since they were in really good shape for their price. Their prices on plants are generally lower than up the street on Eastern/St Rose.
3	On several occassions, I have reieved awful customer service from this Lowe's Home Improvement. Whenever I ask for a product, these "employees" don't know their products or if they have them. Recently, I called to see if they had a certain product, I was on the line for 30 minutes and this guy tells me that they do have it. I drove down only to find out that they don't have it. I asked an employee, he was very rude and didn't even know what the product is eventhough I told him and described it! I even said that on the website, it was available.
