4	There is no doubt that there are bargins to be had at Ross.  You can find great things in their housewares department if you need to stock a kitchen or just need some new utensils.  You can find great bargins on kid's clothes as well as adults clothes.  Luggage, lingerie, pj's, fragrance, handbags and shoes oh my!  This location is particularly clean and organized.  I have been to Ross stores that were a complete mess and shopping there was more work than fun.  I have been to this location several times and I will continue to go back as long as the management keeps up the good work with the organization.
4	This is a typical Ross store.Their customer service is slightly better than most other Ross stores.I really like their selection of housewares and home decor.
4	A Ross store like any other but better.-Clean-Organized, everything's not thrown everywhere-Slightly more selection than I have noticed from other Ross' in the areaI picked up satin pillowcases for $3, LA Colors and Sally Hansen nail polish kits for 5.99, men's dress shirts under $16, gourmet carousel of teas for 3.99, olive oils for $3. You can pick up some really nice purses for $40.I know this is more specific but while browsing I saw a lot of Buddhist statues, mirror boxes with the statue on it etc, all good things for your altar if you're a Buddhist that you would end up paying an arm and a leg for at a spiritual or specialty shop. They had 15' figures for $8 and the mirror boxes were only $10! You would spend $80 elsewhere. This location does not have a very large food selection like some of the other stores, but it makes up for it in other ways.
1	Big, clean store, but nothing in it!  Where's all the merchandise and how does this place stay open with seemingly nothing to sell?  I prefer Marshalls.
2	I've been to a number of these stores, and for decorations or womans clothing it may be a hit, but for mens clothing I just get disappointed Everytime I attempt to shop there.
1	I think its awesome being able to get the same clothing you could get from top notch store for only half the price at Ross. But I shouldn't have to sacrifice receiving good service just to get a discount. This is my first time yelping.   I've been offered to yelp after I got very poor service in the past and turned it down  but after receiving this poor service I had to yelp.... this goes out to the lady the back of the store in the fitting room.  And She was very rude and she had a very very poor attitude....  good Luck Ross.  I did not will not buy from here.son of this yelp account
5	Ross is my go-to store for most things.  Clothes shopping, workout gear, electronic accessories, bedding, decorating, kitchen items...I always start at Ross because they have the trifecta of affordable/quality/interesting items.
