4	I really love the food here there are loads of veggie options and they all taste great.  If I order an indian takeaway I always call here. I've also been to 'eat in' several times over the last couple of years. Only drawback is that it's usually very quiet! I guess it's just that bit further out of the centre of town (just past Haymarket) than some folk want to travel. Shame as the food is just FAB.
4	Food quality and flavour: 5-stars!!! Service and environment 2 stars!! So what's the average? I'll be generous, 4 stars. Here it goes!I remember a friend of mine trying out this restaurant with vouchers and highly recommended it. So I decided to try it out with another friend who has the taste card (two for one). He called them quite a few times on the phone but there was no reply. It was a surprise looking at their website: not updated since 2009? Really??? On the plus side their glorious menu is available at Just-eat, so you can certainly be interested from there (no, there is no direct link for their website to Just-eat). I saw a gentleman going out with bags for delivery, and I think some people came in for take-away. There we go, Friday evening after work, it's raining cats and dogs and we arrive at the restaurant. You can have a look at one of the Yelp pics: the titles on the windows look so old to me. The waiter is friendly, letting us choose a table far from the door and he brings us the menus immediately. As we review the very-detailed menu, I notice an ant walking on the salt jar!!! I start making mental notes about my Yelp review... My friend was more relaxed and removed the ant, and told me not to be harsh. Well, an hour later, we saw another ant walking on the wall behind my friend!! We ordered the food: Ceylon lamb and vegetarian Malayan, both having coconut, with the second one being sweet as it includes pineapple. We were both so pleased and delighted with the food, forcing ourselves to eat it slowly to enjoy more along with a tasty garlic naan bread. Our Mixed Pakora was also of great quality with a special sweet and hot sauce that made the difference!! My friend who has tried lots of Indian restaurants in Edinburgh found it astounding! However it was another gentleman now serving us, who has been in that restaurant for less than a year, as he told us. And we started noticing his difficulties waiting for the other tables: there were big delays for some of them from the time they ordered till they got the starters. A couple must have been waiting for at least 15-20 mins (the guy hadn't manage to take their order yet), and they decided to go... My advice: if you're a big curry fan, you need to try it!! If you value more the service than the food, you might want to think again. Personally, I'm planning going back to try more!!
4	I've only had takeaway from here but it is utterly lovely. The meal deal options are really very good value and you often get extras put in which is nice :)Delivery is timely and service over the phone is good.The tikka and passanda are particularly good.
