3	Been here a couple of times; once for lunch, once for dinner.Interesting location and convenient for us. There's this lone table sitting out in the grass almost in the parking lot that seems sad and lonely, but the rest of the outside seating area (and upstairs balcony) is comfy and clean. The foccacia, on which most sammiches are served, is delicious. Lunch prices are reasonable and you're able to mix and match additions to your sammich without breaking the bank.Egg salad sammich and other egg entrees make this place easy if you're veg, difficult if you're vegan. We're not, so it's no prob. Service, both times, was friendly, prompt and informed. I'm sure I'll be back. It's a cute space with a full bar, so maybe just for drinks and nibbles.
4	for the bad reviewer, one note...the guy who now owns it, BOB (can't remember his last name but he's been a fixture on the bar scenes for YEARS....used to work at Fat City, Tudo Mondo, most recently Macs) is making changes to make sure its a great bar, which i no doubt believe he will...great interior and the BEST rooftop bar in the city when it warms up.....
5	I am thinking this is going to be the new hangout spot for singles and people looking to have a great time with friends. My friends and I all went this past Friday and had a blast.  Great DJ, good atmosphere, and the wings are amazing.  I am a Buffalo native and this is finally going to be my spot to order Buffalo style wings.The wait staff is friendly and personable and also there having a great time.  I plan to hang out there with my friends each Friday, and possible Sundays for 1/2 of wine!!!Great to additional to plaza area.
1	I was SO disappointed in this place. The food was fine (good, not great), but the rooftop bar was nice. Problem was, for a two story restaurant, they had exactly 1 waitress on a sunday night. She was worked to death, which she did not appreciate and took out on us. I waited 25 minutes for my check, which was wrong. She promised to correct, and I gave her a $20. She comes back nearly half an hour later WITHOUT my change, (about $4) and refuses to give it to me. Her manager didn't seem to care either.  I'm unemployed, and this was one of the few times I got to go out with my friends- I really can't risk going somewhere that's going to steal what little money I have.
4	Such a weird mix of wanna be dive bar (PBR emphasis, fried stuff abounding, "punkrock" Courier on everything) and upscale lounge/sports bar decor (several large TVs, huge Budweiser neon, weird botanical trellis, an entire wall of mirror) that we'll just ignore that and go straight to what matters:Service is good. Informed, smiley, quick, whether you're at the bar, a table, or upstairs. I've never seen them slammed but on most nights, the above description stands.Food is decent-to-good, and they're great, nay, enthusiastic about substitutions, so if you really want an egg and cheese philly, or jalapenos on yer tater tots, or, hmm, goat cheese in your quesadilla, man, go for it. Onion rings are perfect. I mean it. So hot that you know they we're in the fryer 30 seconds before appearing in front of your widened eyes.Gulden Draak on tap. Hel-LO. Plus, they've got Stoney's in the can, for cheaper than a pibrr, and it's a better beer.Hmm, yup, I could come here more often.
2	Stopped in before Robot Johnson at cast, looking for a little snack before the show.9:15pm: sat down.9:20pm: ordered chili-cheese tots.9:40pm: got chili-cheese fries.Buh?  We were in a hurry and didn't mention it, and the server didn't notice at all.  I hear they have good tacos on Monday night, but my first impression was less than stellar.Slow service, slow food, mediocre tap selection, no crowd.  Wasn't awful, but not looking to go back soon.
1	It's been more than a month since I had a bad experience at Cafe Central, but it was so bad that my husband and I keep bringing it up...The food was OK. Not spectacular, but pretty solid. It was the service that was awful. We sat on the rooftop terrace for a view of the city, which meant that our server had to hike the stairs to bring us food, napkins, silverware, drinks, etc. Which meant he when he brought us our food and had neglected to bring us silver and napkins, he had to go back down to get them...and it took him 20 minutes. By which point our food was cold. Our drinks were empty for 20 minutes at a time waiting for him to come back up and give us replacements, our dirty dishes stayed on the table long after we'd finished...you get the idea. Love the location, love the view of the city...wouldn't go there ever again.
4	Closed? WTF.
