4	I was a fan of the old Krazy Buffet and I'm a fan of the new one.  If you've never been, it's one of the best asian buffets.  Sushi is really good -- tonight I had some of the best salmon nigiri I've had in awhile, including regular sushi joints.  Dinner is $11.49, I believe, and they send out $1 or 10% off coupons semi-regularly.  It's almost 5 stars for me, but with Pacific Seafood Buffet being $7.49 for dinner without a coupon and having a better selection, I just can't.  But Krazy Buffet wins in customer service for sure!
5	I know. Five stars? For an asian buffet?  Well its not gormet, but it is the best asian buffet I have ever had.  Friendly staff and nice decor. Was the old Lone Star that closed years ago. The sushi was varied and fresh.  The pork dumpling had a lot of flavor.  The cold shrimp should have been devained, but were still good.  My favorites were the coconut shrimp and the sushi with cream cheese.  Oh, the cream cheese wontons were good too.  So high marks for fresh and flavorful food.  My only fear is that it just opened  and may sacrifice quality for profits over time.  But for now, highly recommended.
5	for an asian buffet, the price & food was great...
4	It's rare that I leave a Chinese buffet and dash home to write a review, but damn, Krazy Buffet is THAT good. It's newly opened near my Desert Shores neighborhood, and I have to say, it's a welcome addition. Everything's new, clean and shiny and they did a nice job remodeling the place.But most importantly, the food is really good. There's a wide selection of Chinese dishes, with heavy emphasis on seafood. Everything was very fresh and the favors were just right. In addition to the Chinese dishes, there was also surprisingly good sushi and a Mongolian grill, where the chefs stir-fry just for you. Bonus points for the plethora of fresh fruit including Hawaiian papayas.And speaking of Hawaiians, there were lots of local families here, judging from the bumper stickers in the parking lot. Always a good sign at any Asian restaurant.Last but not least, the service was top notch. Let me repeat, good service at a Chinese restaurant, a buffet no less. Damn, I may never have to eat at Panda Express again. Yipeeee!
4	The BBQ area cooked up one of the buffet meals I ever had! It was beef with red & green peppers, broccoli, mushrooms, garlic, & hot chili sauce. Came out outstanding!Other than that, a pretty good selection. It is not the biggest buffet you'll ever see. However, they did have sea bass as well as spicy octopus. Neither of those I would ever expect to see on a lunch buffet.The desserts were a tad lackluster. I was used to Pacific Buffet where you can have ice cream served in a bowl. Personally, I do not care for vanilla swirl soft serve. Ended up going to Golden Spoon after eating to take care of the frozen dessert craving.All in all, a solid price for a fairly good lunch buffet. The best in town? Not too sure on that - but a great value.
5	Krazy Buffet is by far my favorite asian buffet. Ive always went there and came out satisifed. Their food has always been fresh when I visit and this location has an area where you can choose your food and have them cook it for you ala mongolian bbq style.. Im hooked !!
5	I usually frequent the old Krazy Buffet on Sahara but definitely wanted to check this place out. The decor is much nicer with their mosaic tiles and glass light wall. They had most of the same food as the other one except they have a Mongolian bowl section where you can pick your noodles, veggies and meat and have them grill it for you. It was so good! I didn't even need Siracha! It tasted better than Chow Mien ! I wanted to try to have them make my bowl with rice but I didn't know if that was allowed. I was to shy to ask ...like usual. Some of my other favorite items to get here are the baked seafood in a crab shell, cream cheese won-tons, Lotus balls and Walnut Shrimp. Yum! If you want to get Krazy ...it's your birthday ...yeah ...yeah. They have a private room in the back for that. It's close to the food so if you had too much birthday cake but you can't say no to another plate of food it's in stumbling distance.
3	Here on a Sunday afternoon, lots of cars in the parking lot so I thought I would see why.  $11.99 all day price, not bad but a little high for Vegas.  Food is average, didn't find anything special here.  Crablegs not worth the effort, sushi was good with a few choices.  Frogleg batter was really really salty. Place feels like a cafeteria.  Probably will never go back but I have had much worse at other "chinese" places.  Deserves a 2.5 star rating.
4	Very good Chinese buffet, food is always hot and can be made to order. The had a wide variety and good selections. No wait to be seated and prices are very competitive.
3	A 3-star for sure.For what this place is (a Cheapy Chinee Buffet) it fits the bill.  Nothing served here is all that impressive, but at least for the most part the place is clean.  The pricing doesn't impress me that much either, there are other Chinee buffets around town for the same price or cheaper that have the same type of food at the same quality.  I swear, you go here do not expect Cathay House type food!  Totally different!All the usual suspects are here at this Krazy Buffet:Fried Rice, Chow Mein, Beef & Broccoli, Sweet & Sour Pork, Orange Chicken (which by the way Panda Express does it better haha), Egg Rolls, Egg Fu Young, Mongolian Beef, various types of faux-shi (fake 'California' roll type sushi), Won Ton soup, and Hot & Sour soup.  Quite a number of dishes.  You also have the option of a Mongolian Bar included in the price where you can pick your veggies and raw meat from the serving line and have the chef du jour (in my case a young Mexican kid named Pablito..or was it Jose?) cook them for you in a teppanyaki manner.  For the American crowd there is the added Fried Chicken Wings (the MSG added on the ones at Buffet @ Asia make them sooooo much tastier), French Fries and pizza for the kids too.  What is it about pizza at a Chinee buffet that makes it somehow good?  Must be the cheese?  Or is some secret MSG sprinkled on top for good measure?  Hmmm....There's a decent looking salad bar but the dessert bar is a little lacking.  Come on, I love me some mini chocolate and powdered donuts... but how Chinee is that?  And of course there is the chocolate and vanilla soft serve machine.  Food is ok, tasty if you're hungry and on a dime budget.  It will fill you up but somehow leave you feeling empty.  Then 2 hours later you are hungry again!  I'm an Asian boy (yes, part Chinee) so I'm not trying to be racist.  This is no joke for me.  Seriously.  I ate my fill here, left feeling a lil' bit queezy.  Then a few hours later I'm hungry again!  Of course dinner may be better but I don't know.  I'm way too cheap of a Chinee at the moment to pay $12 per person for dinner.  I feel that the options for me are better for dinner at another buffet of the same type, although I will not mention names.  But I think I might have already earlier in my review.  My bad!  Krazy Buffet is a good option for those of you on a tiny budget, but don't have a weak stomach!  Don't go here if you've got a sensitive tummy.  I know the place touts that they don't use MSG but man is some of their food a bit on the salty side!  So be sure to get an extra glass of water in to wash it down.  And perhaps a fortune cookie too.
3	About the best Chinese buffet I have seen in Las Vegas but for me personally the Chinese buffets here in LV are just average, nothing special. Very clean and open. Mongolian BBQ was a plus but needs a flavor section (teriyaki, schezuan, etc) and a little quicker (higher heat), Everyone in the party got full and enjoyed themselves.
1	I am a fan of the one on Sahara which I would rate 3.5 stars as there are lots of veggies and the sushi selection is freshly made. Today was my first time at this location. It was not good at all. I will never go back. The hot food was not hot nor was it freshly prepared. It had definitely been there a while. I was a bit scared and did not take more than a bite or two of any of the dishes that I tried. The sushi rolls were not freshly prepared (rice had that harder consistency). The sesame balls were old and chewy.
4	Cheap pork shoomai!
4	I waited until we had eaten at Krazy Buffet twice before writing a review.  I am very pleased to tell you that both visits were just fine!  Nothing fancy, but where can you get unlimited sushi, crab legs, and shrimp for the price of $11.99.  That's their dinner price.  The sushi wasn't the finest quality, but there were at least 15 kinds to choose from and all tasted just fine for the price.  The crab legs are very good and if you dip them in the butter you will need a bath like we do when you are finished eating!  I do agree with other reviewers that the food could be a little warmer, but at the dinner service it is turned over so fast that everything we ate was very fresh.  This is definitely a good family buffet!  Remember:  it is always wise to eat at a buffet during peak lunch and dinner service....never, never in-between if you want fresh food!
3	Its not the ritz but go in knowing you will be full when you leave and you will leave pleased.
4	The First time i ate here , the Wife & i got weren't feeling so good after ,but i guess it was a Bad day for us .But since We tried it again , We are so loving it ! EVERYTING Tastes so Good ! The Dinner Menu is Worth it even though the Crab Legs aren't that Big ,there are so MANY items that are Soooooo Good ! The Lunch Menu is Very Good Also ! The only thing i didn't like about Our 1st Return Visit ,I felt like we were being Rushed Out ! I DON'T like that SHIT !
3	Pretty Cheap Chinese Food. They have coupons monthly in the mailers. I think we paid $6ish a person with coupon. Which is pretty decent for OK food. The food was surprisingly not that bad for the price we paid. But there isn't much selection. Its very basic. They spent more time decorating the place then on the menu. There is very little people so some of the food been out for a while. So go when it's busy and get fresh food. Oh wells. But personally I'll prefer Buffet Asia a bit further and a tiny bit more money but your'll be more satisfied.
2	Ok, so the girlfriend and her daughter love this place and Ive been slowly expanding their dining out radius and when they said lets go to the buffet I couldnt say no.What a mistake! We go here for the Seafood/sushi and it definitely wasnt fresh. I tried to explain it was a Monday and they were serving their "c" level dishes in order to boost their profit margin for the day. I said "seriously, dont eat the seafood or the Sushi tonight" but that didnt stop either one from getting a dish of Sushi and a plate of Oysters. From my side of the table I could see colors and shades that didn't belong on seafood and the musky Sea smell was over powering. After my warning I went back to my plate of spring rolls and spare ribs which were average and most likely past their time on the line.The girls had stomach and digestive problems the rest of the night but me and my safe food had a great night. We only have two bathrooms so it worked out that we didnt need to fight for them.If you want to play "buffet roulette" this is a fun gamble. Just make sure you have a clear shot to the bathroom.
4	Good buffet food its fresh and always nice... oh and they have a sushi bar with FRESH sushi and its descent. Its priced preety average also 11.49 on sundays dinner all day thats when I went same food they have at all chinese buffets. Well for some reason everytime chinese buffets get big they start making there shit cheap and nasty so its good.
4	Tried many Chinese Buffets from Sacramento to here. This one is clean fresh and great crab legs for dinner. Their selection could be better, but if your a crab lover, cant beat it!
5	$7 for all you can eat chinese seafood lunch. Don't hate. I've been here 5 times mostly for dinner. Tastes varies but good nonetheless.
1	Don't get me wrong, I think the food tastes great.....Weeelllll, except for the Okami brand-like sushi.  But all the cooked food was great.  Especially the steamed sea bass.  On flavor, this place should be 4 star.  But when you're flushing said food down the caballero's ivory throne less than 5 minutes after you tap out, you have to wonder about stuff...
3	Come during seafood dinner time! Baked mussels, sushi, crawfish, crab legs, & more. Hot & fresh tasting food with actual flavor. Not your typical buffet. It does get busy so come a little earlier than the usual dinner rushes. Only if asian buffets wouldn't have that "MSG", food koma sluggish feeling.. I do recommend you only go for dinner & if you like asian and/or seafood. Not overpriced at all!
4	Wow, I'm full!  The food is varied and pretty good.  I think I will be a frequent flyer here. The crab legs alone makes it worth it. Fresh oysters ( not very big, but fresh ). Yes, do try this place.
3	I've read some of the reviews regarding this place and i have to say that I disagree with some of the posters.  This place has one thing that I find I crave which is the Coconut Shrimp.  I'm not one for coconut because of the texture, but after trying this accidentally, I found that it was fantastic.  It had none of the texture of coconut, but all of the sweetness.  I had the crab on seafood night several times and did not get sick as you hear others have.  I find they have a good selection and have never disappointed me.  In fact, I find that they go out of their way to make sure you never have a dirty dish on your table and always have fresh tea if you finish your pot.
2	Eh. It's alright. Nothing to write home about. Just your usual fake, greasy, been sitting out for probably too long Asian buffet. Not my first choice, not my fifth choice and definitely not even my 10th choice for places to eat. I only eat here because my boyfriend and his family likes this place a little too much lol.
2	I have been to the Krazy Buffet on Sahara, and I have enjoyed it but I must say that this one is not that good. The food was very grease and did not have much flavor. Will they say you get what you paid for and if I went to a real Chinese restaurant I would have paid a lot more.
1	Skip it.... There are much better options out there!  The "hot" food was NOT hot, and the flavor was only mediocre at most.
5	Visit here several times a year. The food is always fresh and well stocked. They have sushi, and several seafood items for their dinner buffet. The staff is always efficient as well.
1	W/ a boyfriend who is in the culinary industry, this place is a FAILURE!!First of all, there's no customer service.  We have a child and not even asked if we needed a high chair or not.  We had to get it ourselves.Secondly, the bottles of tapatio and tabasco sauce that were given to us had no covers.  the spout was old and crusty looking.  The tapatio bottle had a date of 3/14/13.  Keep in mind the day we ate at this place was 7/17/13.  That's like four months later and still have the bottle???Third, the surroundings (i.e. tables, walls, blinds, etc.) were filthy.  Who would enjoy eating a meal at this place???Fourth, water spills and male server don't even bother cleaning it up (i.e. wiping it up & drying it).  He just places napkins on it and lets us walk over it since it was litterally next to and under our table.Fifth, lack of service.  Two servers only and it's customer chasing down the server, or serving yourself because server is not doing their job right.  The ervers are not efficient.  I've been to other places that always comes to you asking you if things are good.Sixth, no professionalism by Manager. Gets into a confrontation w/ us ESP having to take it outside the restaurant.  He also placed the bill after just 10 minutes of sitting down.  We put it aside bc we are not done eating and Manager comes back to table and repositions bill in same spot he placed it initially.  Manager say's "Customer is not always right" and makes an issue about paying the $18 bill.  As a customer, why would you pay full price of a meal if you didn't get the service you deserved, unsanitary, unprofessional.  It's not about getting a free meal, it's about providing great service and assuring your customer is statisfied so they can in return come back for more business.There are better buffet's than this place (i.e. Buffet Asia, Casino Buffets, etc.).  If you want coconut shrimp, there are better place than this place.  Bahama Breeze or Thai resturant will serve tastier coconut shrimps.  If you want sushi, you don't get FRESH sushi at these places.  They have been pre-made already and sit around until you come by and eat them.  Buffet places have low grade fish (cheap) and are frozen.  If you want an all you can eat sushi place, I recommend Sushi-Mon because it's made to order and way better than this place!I have pictures to prove this place is not clean...Bottom line, think twice before coming to this location.  If you want food poisoning or other illnesses, continue coming here.  Never say u didn't get warned...
4	We tried this restaurant for the first time last night and really enjoyed it. Our friends live close by to it and they eat there often, so we decided to give it a try. We weren't disappointed...I started off with a nice, steaming plate of Mongolian BBQ that I got to put together myself with what veggies and meat I wanted. I ended up getting noodles, beef, chicken, shrimp, sprouts, onions, mushrooms, bell pepper, and broccoli. I didn't add any sauce because when it was cooked, it came out perfectly seasoned from whatever the guy poured on the grill. The meats tasted very fresh and the beef was especially tender. A+ on the Mongolian BBQ!I had one of each of several of the sushi choices. They had a nice array of different rolls to choose from. Very nice selection. The only thing about the sushi I can say is that a lot of them tasted the same, so they seemed to use a lot of the same ingredients (imitation crab, mainly). However, they did have a very good selection of sashimi, so you could try all the different types of meats that way.The hot food section didn't have quite as much variety as other, bigger Asian buffets have, but what they had was delicious. I especially enjoyed the Sea Bass and cream cheese rangoons. The rangoons were perfectly bite-sized and had wonderful, rich flavor. They could have used a little more crab in the rangoons, but they were delicious the way they were.We did have to wait quite a while for our check, but the server kept our drinks refilled pretty well overall. The people working the front counter and behind the sushi/Mongolian sections were more friendly than the servers, but the servers seemed polite enough. The restaurant on the whole seemed very clean. The restroom smelled actually wonderful (weird, I know, lol) and was clean. They offer a gigantic bottle of hand sanitizer at the door, which is a nice perk. (If only they could make each person use it as they walk in! But then again, you can lead a horse to water...)So, overall, a good restaurant-going experience!
5	Loved this place. Food was good and prices good too. Don't have to leave a tip either.
1	I went here last Sunday for an early birthday dinner for my brother -- my treat. Sunday is all day dinner price which would be around $12 WITHOUT fountain drinks. For dinner, they have a variety of seafood includ. sushi and other types of Chinese food. I was so HAPPY that they had oysters, boiled crabs, and shrimp. Those were what I stuck to... But unfortunately one of those, most likely the oysters, gave me the bad case of the stomach flu. Eeeeek! I'm still sick typing this whole thing out trying not to crap my pants. Anyway, I wouldn't go back. The food was pretty yummy, but definitely not worth getting the stomach flu ever again. So unless you want to spend the next few days of the week making constant trips to the bathroom and eventually going to the hospital, be my guest! This place is perfect for you!
4	Really good food at a great price. I recommend going there after 4pm because that's when they put out the majority of the seafood and it's really worth the couple extra dollars. Highly recommended!
4	My family really like coming to this buffet, the foods pretty good, price reasonable, service okay.    We love the seafood selections especially.
2	The food is ok. Not bad for a buffet. The staff is pretty unfriendly. I felt like I don't belong here. Definitely not coming back.
3	I am amazed at the huge number of food critics in Vegas.And I always thought the place was mostly hicks!Anyway, Krazy Buffet isn't bad at all, kind of like most buffets, you go a couple times and find 5-6 things you  like.It is almost worth going just for the chicken on a stick.
4	This restaurant is Krazy, like their name. So many food to choose, and they are also tasty and it's only $12.99 (dinner), Fresh oyster and sushi is my favorite, I had at least dozen oyster. Which will cost me more than $12.99 if I went to the other restaurant. So those people out there who loves oyster, just go for it lol.
1	neverrrrr againnn!!! i had a very bad experience there the place is really dirty and they gave to my husband a used glass of soda with a piece of plastic which cover the lucky cookie , it was between the ice ,that was really bad!! and they dont have manager to resolve the situation at night hours . my first and my last time there and so sorry but if any staff was able to respond to this I feel free to say "think a twice before you eat there " .
2	I liked the name Krazy Buffet so I decided to try it.Not very good.  Even for a buffet.
1	Disgusting!  If you go into the kitchen, you will never eat at this place.  Dirty Dirty Dirty!
1	This is my OPINION. At $8.95 for lunch or $12.95 dinner (and SURPRISE all day Sunday) this is no deal! Food is greasy (no Healthy eating here).The buffet is restocked by placing the new food right over the old food, the old stuff is not removed! Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil. The desserts are a major disappointment! Unless your into deep fried bananas,deep fried doughnuts or some boring pudding and slop serve. The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather. We have felt "Queasy" after eating there, out of town guest have suffered stomach cramps and "loosey-goosey" after eating there.With so many GOOD places around Las Vegas (and close by) there is no reason to tolerate this. On Fri/Sat nights we head to Suncoast Casino for Crab/Prime Rib and mongolian stirfry for $15 (with players card).I am no "Food Critic", just my opinion...but we will NEVER return!!!
4	If you happen to be driving around this area and looking for a restaurant, come check this place out.  You must try there fried rice, coconut chicken and cocktail shrimp, all are absolutely delicious.  Dining area is spacious and comfortable.
4	I know the name of this place sounds cheesy and at $13 for all you can eat it may sound a bit steep for the location, but this place has a decent variety of sushi which they make fresh right in front of everyone. So it's worth it for the sushi alone. But if you're not into sushi, don't worry they have plenty of other great stuff. They always have crab legs and they never let the legs get down to the bottom of the tray. They work hard to keep all trays stocked and I believe they have something for everyone. Including those NYC style wings that I have only been able to find in one other place here in Las Vegas. The place is clean and the environment is pretty laid back. The only reason I gave it four stars is because of the location and the parking.
4	I like this place.  I have been to the location on west Sahara several times.  I just went to the north Rainbow location and it was actually better than the Sahara location!  The only thing that would earn more stars would be the inconsistent service.  Sometimes it is great and other times it is just ok.
5	I too like Krazy Buffet but you have to realize a couple of important things before you go here. First of all, it's an Asian buffet, if you like sushi and/or crab than it's  a good price, if you don't than there are better buffets for that price. Furthermore, the only way they can offer sushi and crab at these prices is if they stay off the strip and in a strip mall/shopping center where rents are cheaper, but will typically have parking issues. It's simply an economic decision for both you and the business.
4	Daughter dragged me here. One of those places I drive by and don't see every day. I'm not a foodie but my daughter thinks this place is "the bomb!" She says to give it 5 stars. She works in a restaurant so I'll buy it. I'm supposed to say that the green beans are to die for and the sushi is "all that!" I'm a steak and shrimp kinda guy so I'm a little out of my element. Good eats though. Wifey loves it so I guess I'm coming back. Look for future check ins.
1	Cheap in every aspect except the cost! Will never return. Bleh.
1	This review somehow DISAPPEARED...This is my OPINION. At $8.95 for lunch or $12.95 dinner (and SURPRISE all day Sunday) this is no deal! Food is greasy (no Healthy eating here).The buffet is restocked by placing the new food right over the old food, the old stuff is not removed! Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil. The desserts are a major disappointment! Unless your into deep fried bananas,deep fried doughnuts or some boring pudding and slop serve. The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather. We have felt "Queasy" after eating there, out of town guest have suffered stomach cramps and "loosey-goosey" after eating there.With so many GOOD places around Las Vegas (and close by) there is no reason to tolerate this. On Fri/Sat nights we head to Suncoast Casino for Crab/Prime Rib and mongolian stirfry for $15 (with players card).I am no "Food Critic", just my opinion...but we will NEVER return!!!
4	Selection is decent but the Crabs are awesome and bigger than most places. For the price alone killed them with the amount of Crabs I destroyed!!!
4	As crazy as it sounds (pun intended), I am definitely a fan of Krazy Buffet. Tell me where else can you find another buffet that serves crab legs for 12.99? Besides their other location I dont remember anybody else doing the same thing. While most other places that charge you more for COLD crab legs, the ones they serve here are STEAMED. What's the difference you say? Well, besides the fact that you know it hasnt been sitting out from the night before, (hence refrigerating it is necessary so they can serve it again the next day and thats why a lot of places prefer to serve it cold), steaming it kills a lot of bacteria and/or any other germs that it may have with it. Most importantly, the crab meat tends to be more flavorful and moist.Not into crab? Well they have lots of other choices like crawfish, grilled fish, clams, mussels, oysters and even sushi. Soup choices from hot n sour to egg drop. Honey shrimp, spicy chicken, chicken wings, etc. and lots more that I am not putting here simply because of the fact that you are not going to eat every individual item. What you will end up doing just like me is sampling here and there which will eventually lead you back to those items that make your taste buds happy.A major plus for me is their Mongolian option. You put together on a plate your choice of meats which is shrimp, beef, pork, and chicken along with veggies like onions, green bell peppers, jalepenos, and mushrooms. You can top it off with minced garlic and/or chili sauce to give it that spicy kick. Then you hand it over to the cook who grills everything together until all is thoroughly cooked. He puts it on a plate for you and off you go to enjoy. What you want and how you want it to taste is obviously up to you.Service is pretty good. They do a good job of refilling your drinks and picking up your used dishes.Just remember the 12.99 price I am describing is for Dinner only. Here's the breakdown:Monday through Saturdays are as follows.Lunch: Adults are $8.29 and kids 4 to 10 years old are $4.29Dinner: Adults $12.99 and kids 4 to 10 years old are $6.99Sundays are all day dinner price.Senior Citizens and Military get 10 percent offSo in closing, the food here is pretty decent for the price you pay. They have another location off of Sahara but my preference is this one because its bigger and I think the service is a lot better. So whenever you are thinking of crab legs (especially steamed), then this is the place to go for the price is decent for what you get.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #108 "Feeling Crabby?"
4	They replaced the food right as they saw I w as s going for it so that was awesome.  They have a Mongolian bbq station and a lot of offerings in general.  I also liked their signs that said don't take more than you can actually eat.
4	Lots of variety of foods.  Lots of crab and something for everyone.Pricey. However, every time my mom eats here, she gets diarrhea.  Though the food is super tasty, I always feel a little lightheaded and dizzy eating from here.
1	Looking at the reviews I was excited to try this place. When I got there I got a bad feeling I wasnt going to like it. The service was horrible. The girl at the front was on her phone as she sat us down. She didnt even greet us. The food was horrible. Hurt my stomach for two days. Our waitress was concerened more about talking to her co worker then helping us out. Will never go again. Total fail.
2	Wanted to try something new, because we usually go to China Star. I looked up Krazy Buffett and thought it sounded decent. We were seated right away and the drink order was taken. All the food looked great and was very colorful. When we sat down one drink was missing, so we had to ask for it. They finally brought the other drink which was a tea, but no straw. I had to get up and ask for a straw. Long story short the waiters did nothing and were very cold and unfriendly.  We had to ask for refills on drinks and then they brought my man his tea in one of our pepsi cups. They didn't even dump the pepsi out first so it tasted funny. The only thing they did fast was to bring us our check. Just a weird vibe in this place like no one wanted to work. Seamed they stood around and talked in their language more than anything. Service...no bueno
1	I just found a baby roach crawling in my pudding! When I took it to the manager/owner he said he knew he had a pest problem and had called someone a few days ago! Really?!? They KNOW they have a problem and they still serve people! Then when I told him I refused to pay for it he said, "it's ok, a lot of white people don't like to pay!" Omg! This place needs to be closed down!!!!
5	Perfect for the price. They get everything you want to find in a Chinese buffet. They also have Mongolian BBQ inside. Drink is $1.69. I should have known this place earlier!
4	Not a bad deal.  There are  coupons out there for ten percent off. They keep your drinks full and your table clean.  Very friendly.  Quality is ok.  Lots of seafood selections. Skinny crab legs. Mmmm. Seaweed salad next to sushi.
2	So I tried to be nice in my original post but the hits just keep coming. Seafood is either under cooked or over cooked. Almost everything is ice cold. I tried several (and yes more than 10) different items. Some better than other but all in all they fell flat even by low expectations. The more I tried the worse it got. Our party of five (3 adults, 1 teenager and 1 child) usually eat a little of everything at most buffets we go to and we did the same here. We shared our plates with each other and it was just awful. I gave this place two stars for a few reasons.1. The wait staff is attentive, clearing plates and refilling drinks quickly. 2. The sushi station offered several different styles, although all was made with imitation crab, Andrea one of the two edible things we found here.3. The bbq station was by far the most edible station and we actually enjoyed eating our choices.All in all, there are hundreds of buffets in Las Vegas. As a local, I know that I will find a better one. Worse case scenario, I drive back to Pahrump when I was a decent Asian buffet without paying $100+ per plate.
1	The food is actually really decent here. One star though for terrible customer service. The waitress rarely came by. Our plates were starting to stack up and our drinks were empty without being refilled for long periods of time. Because of that we did not give tip. The waitress had the nerve to demand tip in the end which even made things worse. We declined to give her tip. As we were leaving the restaurant we can hear her say out all sorts of profanity while pretty much slamming all the dishes together as she cleaned up. Horrible person. I've experienced this in two other restaurants in town as well. One restaurant even tried to charge me tip before I even sat down. I believe tip is earned, not required.
4	I went there for lunch and I was surprised how popular this place is as we have to wait in line for a bit. The lunch price is around $8.75 per person which is ridiculously cheap for a buffet restaurant that provides a huge variety of food plus Mongolian grill and sushi bar.
1	Came here tonight for my mother's bday (her choice.. Idk why)  and I know I shouldn't expect much from a buffet off the strip but their crab legs tasted and smelled AWFUL!!..it smelled like a backed up sewerline!!..I informed the waitress on how awful the crab is & all she said was "everybody eating it"..I guess the other guests enjoy eating Sewer Crab!!
1	This place is dirty. I would not come here again. Some of their seafood looked like it might make me sick later...so I didn't eat it. The seafood did smell. I don't recommend it.
