4	Very good Vietnamese foods. However, the water always taste like breached water. The best noodle soup and fry pork rice dish around that area. Very good price for lunch, especially for people work cross street at Intel. It's crowed over weekend. One thing to keep in mind when paying the bill. Double check the total price after tax. They sometimes add extra couple dollars if you don't pay attention.
4	Stevey does Chandler, Part I.  I know, can you believe it?  I do know how to go south and east of Tempe ya know?  I actually go there quite frequently (but not as often lately).  Where else am I gonna go to get my Asian grub on?  The area around Dobson/Warner is an emerging hub in Arizona for some bomb-ass Asian cuisine, and Saigon Pho is helping lead the way.This place is crazy busy - especially on weekends - when I am usually able to hoof it down there.   I've been coming here for a while now.  The shrimp and beef bowl over noodles and the hot pot soups are both only about $5 - and a very tasty $5 at that.   An A+ for the smooth, but not too sweet Thai iced tea.  One drawback over the several times was finding a little gnat critter kickin it in my shrimp summer roll - an isolated incident I'm sure - but you should def.  know.It's a bit nicer than most, inside it's little restaurant strip mall.  It looks kinda like it was an old diner in a previous incarnation from the naugahyde booths and cheap tile floors throughout.  They even have a fish tank, but it's not full of tropical fish, rather it's full of we're-about-to-cook-you crab.
5	Easily my favorite Pho restaurant in town.  This is a guilt free place to eat.  There are so many light, fresh, low fat, low everything but good stuff dishes here, you can't go wrong.The selection is good... you can get different BBQ meats, shrimp or meatballs in different combinations over noodles in at least 3 different styles of soups.  They also have dishes that are not soups served over rice or different kinds of noodles.In addition to the soups and entrees, there is a full selection of appetizers.  My favorite are the spring rolls.... fresh crispy veggies and greens with all the sauces and extras. YUM!They also have Boba drinks.  I thought Boba was Japanese. I guess it is Vietnamese as well.The price can't be beat.  An entree is around $5.
2	This place was OK. I'd give it 2.5 stars. I had a bowl of pho and the worst freaking lemonade ever. It tasted like it was made of sugar and water and threw in a lemon just to pretend that it was a lemonade. I had high hopes because they place looked pretty busy for a lunch crowd, but looks are deceiving.  I'm told I can't compare California food to Arizona food, but that is a load of crap. If you don't hold food to higher standards, how are they going to improve? I know I sound like your 7th grade teacher that tells you that you have a lot of potential, and you aren't living up to it, but thats how I feel about Saigon Pho. The price point is right, and they're not trying to charge me something crazy like $7 for a bowl of pho like *ahem* other places... I might give this place one more chance, cause my friend that went with me told me they were having an off day... but we shall see.
5	This place rocks, I have been there 10 times and have never been let down.  I always get  #17 with egg noodles (spicy beef noodles), and a #67 (Longyan and sugar cane) to drink.
3	I like Saigon.  I usually get the chicken w/ lemon grass, can't remember the number.Downfalls are the facility, dated and dingy, and the quality of the meat.  At the prices they are charging, you aren't going to get all white meat chicken or the better cuts of beef and pork.
3	Had this place for lunch today. It was a little busy. Nothing to spectacular about the place. Had the pho. It was ok, about the norm for Arizona. Prices were about right. I'd say this place is average.
5	This place is super cheap and super yummy.  I have liked everything I have ordered here- really love the tofu dishes- EXCEPT the dessert.  Yuck!  Don't even attempt it.
4	I was introduced to this place by friends for their pho.  Its good and cheap.  The soup broth is tasty and not loaded with MSG.  I've had their rice noodle dishes and those are filling and tasty if not particularly gourmet.  I love their ice coffe served in the traditional style of it slowly dripping through and into a glass with condensed milk.  The food is good and tasty and cheap.  I've had better tasting and cheaper in San Diego but we're in Arizona and I'd rather not schlepp 6 hours just for a meal.
4	Cheap, fast, no ambiance, hole in the wall VN place.  We go there all the time.  Pho is good and cheap.
5	Best Pho in Phoenix and the best price.  No place better and no place cheaper.  Me an My wife go back again and again. Very Very Very good.  12 - 14 dollars two people with water as drink. you can't beat that.
2	I personally think that their serving sizes for pho are larger than most other places.  What may be a regular bowl at Saigon can be a large bowl at other Vietnamese places in the area. Plus, I'm a big fan of broth and it's pretty decent here.  All this for not a lot of cash.  It's just about the best bowl of pho you'll get in Chandler.*Update*Dropped it down a star because the last few times I've been there, the pho has been a bit sub-par (noodles were weird and they were stingy on the beef).  You really should only eat here if you live in Chandler and don't wanna drive up to the better places in Mesa, Tempe, or Phoenix.*Update 2.0*They've really gone downhill, based on the last two times I've gone.  I wouldn't even bother ordering pho here anymore.  The rice dishes may be it's only saving grace.
4	Forget the pho; their spring rolls are unbelievable.  Okay, don't forget the pho-- I would recommend getting it with charbroiled shrimp.  Mmmm.  Service is speedy, prices reasonable, and the food is tasty.  No complaints here.
4	my brother and i did a drop in on a wednesday night in june.  the place was nearly packed (with asians) and people kept streaming in during the 1.5 hrs of eating some of the tastiest pho.  how many places in AZ can boast those kind of numbers?if you go there, ask for Lauren or her sister  (daughter of the owners).  the other waitresses are all really friendly but don't usually speak as much english and usually will refer you to one of the sisters anyways.our 1st time there, Lauren stood at our table what seemed like 20 mins pleasantly and patiently describing all the dishes we were curious about.  she wasn't looking over our shoulder at other customers and she seemed to enjoy talking to us.we've eaten at the old place next to Lee Lee, cyclo and this place is as good if not better and the service is exemplary of what a great dining experience should be.i reserve 5 stars for restaurants in heaven, so this one gets 4.96 stars
2	You walk in, and it smells just like Lee-Lee Market. There is outdated furniture and decor.  There is a constant Din of Vietnamese being spoken in the back and front of house. The menu is covered in things that you cannot pronounce and quite frankly have no idea what they are.  There is something called "Squid Sauce" on the table.  This place has got to kick some serious ass right? NO! No. It does not have to. Enough already. Just Stop it.  Just because some place has a weird vibe and seams out of this world does not mean that it is amazing or even good. It means that you should give it a fair shake just like everything else.  When you look past the glamor of being unglamorous you soon realize that this place is mediocre at best.I had the Chicken in Lemon Grass sauce and you know what? It was edible.  And I ate it.   I also had the Thai Iced tea and I drank it as well. But that was it. Nothing more and nothing less.  I  know when something tastes good and I refuse to chalk this one up to being an unsophisticated dolt (In reality, I am am exactly that, but my tongue and tummy do not know me very well. So let's keep this between us).I have done it a thousand times before.  "Well, this place is really foreign and weird, so let's go there and be hip!" Well today I draw a line in the sand and make a stand.  Here is the beginning of my food manifesto!1.Good food is universal. If something does not taste good, it does not taste good. And...Hmm...Well... That got off to a good start and then lost steam after my first demand.  Well, Ted Kaczynski I am not.
3	Great old standby for those of you who are looking for a taste of Vietnam at a great price point.  No frills, no fou-fou, little ambiance.  Just good solid flavor for super cheap.  We eat here just about every Sunday.The Pho is very good, but I would not say its the best the valley has to offer.   There are other places, but they are usually more expensive.  Where they really stand out are with their other noodle soup dishes.  The #19 Won-ton Noodle Soup and #20 Spicy Clear Noodle Seafood.  For years, the #20 was only obtainable as an off-the-menu special.  You had to know about it to order it.  Due to demand, they put it on the menu for all to enjoy.  There is the curry noodle soup and the spicy noodle soup which are both excellent as well.  If you are not into soup, the menu is expansive with options that leave Vietnam altogether (terriyaki, chow fun, etc.).  Their green beans and pork are great (look on the back of the menu).  Even though I haven't tried the house chicken (I'm too hung up on the #20), it looks fantastic.  As does the wok fried crab, steamed clams and whole steamed or fried fish.  Most seafood is fresh from the tank and sold by the pound.Starters are good.  The #1 - Egg Roll and #2 Spring Roll hit the mark each time.Great flavorful and consistent place that will never hurt your budget.  Highly recommended.11/09/08 - Downgraded due to cleanliness..... while the food still is very, very good, I have noticed a steep decline in cleanliness.
5	This is "Old Home Week" on my latest visit to the Phoenix area... This Vietnamese Pho restaurant was one of my regular haunts when I still lived here. And Saigon Pho has not changed one bit.... some of the "old" waitresses are still there, and not one new decoration to adorn the walls. This restaurant has not changed one bit!On the menu today....Beef Chow Fun #39 (***** $6.50) As good a dish of Chow Fun you will find... even at a strictly Chinese restaurant. One of the added ingredients I request... even at Chinese restaurants... is the addition of Black Bean Sauce (or more of it). This will make this entree tast quite a bit better, IMO. Unfortunately, I forgot today.Minced Pork with String Beans #47 (**** 1/2 $5.95) Very fresh String Beans with some sweetness that Vietnamese like, and just a little bit spicy with some Ground Pork... which is a carry-over from Szechuan cooking! I asked the waitress what the vegetable was that was cooked with the Ground Pork... She replied that she couldn't tell me that... as it was a restaurant secret! She was just kidding with me, of course! She thought that the vegetable was preserved Radishes. I think she "remembered" me....Chicken Rice Soup #51 (**** 1/2 $4.50) A Vietnamese variation of "Jook" - Chinese name for Rice Soup. Contained quite a few hand-separated pieces of meat from Chicken. Not as much Ginger as I would like, though. But very good, nevertheless...Vietnamese Ice Coffee with Condensed Milk #54 (***** $2.50) No where in California... AND I mean NO WHERE... will you find a Vietnamese restaurant that would invest the time and energy to construct this Vietnamese Coffee for you... A Vietnamese Percolator filled with triple-strength French Roast over a cup with Sweetend Condensed Milk at the bottom of the cup. Once you try Vietnamese Iced Coffee you will not go back to that Italian Capuccino stuff. I guarantee it! The waitress told me that the restaurant will only offer to have the customer "make" his own coffee at the table if they're regulars or Vietnamese. That's nice to know!Other recommended entrees...Crab with Ginger and Onion (Market Price)Clam with Black Bean Sauce (Market Price, not on Menu)Oysters with Black Bean Sauce (Market Price, not on Menu)Any of the Pho's ($5.50 to $5.95)"NEW" dishes I want to try...Live Lobster (Market Price)Live Crab (Market Price)My waitress, tonight, was one of the "old-timers"... She wouldn't like that phrase because she's only thirty-something. Back when I lived here, she was still attending ASU... now she's graduated and has a degree in Business, and a more advanced degree besides that!At the end of the meal, I asked her if she remembered me... I used to kid around with her when she was attending ASU. She replied that she had a recollection about me... because I used to kid around with her a lot... But she wasn't sure. Now, that I asked that question was the verification that what she thought was correct... the old "kidder" was back in town. Even though it's just for a week!Especially Recommended by an "old" customer... And some of the most affordable Pho in the Phoenix area... or any area of the country!FYI: to anyone that's interested... Boba or Tapioca Balls or Bubble Tea is actually a Taiwanese innovation that was introduced to the Western part of the United States over a decade ago in large metropolitan areas with a large Asian population. I remember my teen-age kids introducing this drink to me while living in Las Vegas. A few years after that, the proliferation of Boba was accentuated by Vietnamese restaurants offering these drinks, with the addition of their own unique ingredients. Wikipedia article: ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bubble_tea ).
5	This place is bomb. They actually have good Vietnamese AND good Chinese cuisine. It's like a happy interracial marriage. This place is always busy and full of Asian people and not that many white people (it's never a good sign when you see eight Asian people and one white dude at Chick-Fil-A, know what I am sayin?) Anyways, it's the closest Viet restaurant to me and plus the prices are phenomenal AND they actually refill your water here! GASP. Do yourself a favor and try the green beans with pork and house chicken.
3	I'm not terribly familiar with Vietnamese cuisine so consider this review from a slightly undereducated palate when it comes to the cuisine.  My oldest daughter and I decided on Saigon Pho because we were in the mood for something different.  I was not impressed with the atmosphere here.  It was pretty run-down looking.  But I'll overlook that if the prices are good and the food is enjoyable.  They seem to operate with server by committee here, with any of 3-4 different women checking on us every 3-4 minutes.  One of them has personal space issues.  Her first stop at the table she placed both palms on the table, leaned way too far in, flashed a disconcertingly toothy smile and said "Hi" loudly through aforementioned smile.  My first inclination was to lean away as she might go Mike Tyson on my ear or something.We ordered an appetizer of Vietnamese shrimp and vegetable rolls.  They were served with a dish of hoison sauce for dipping.  The rolls were large and filled with lettuce, vermicelli noodles, bean sprouts, 2 shrimp sliced lengthwise and a couple mint leaves.  This all combined to produce an interesting flavor combination but they were unremarkable overall.We also shared seafood rice soup which was served in a large portion.  I'm pretty sure the rice had been blended and it was very small bits and the overall consistency was similar to runny grits.    It had a distinct hint of ginger.  There were a couple shrimp, several bites of squid and several bites of crab.  I'm not positive it was crab.  At first I thought it was "Krab" but I wasn't completely sure.   They do have tanks here with live crab and lobster so you would hope they are not going the "krab" route.Lastly we shared a chicken teriyaki over rice.  The chicken was a little overdone but had a nice roasted flavor.  The teriyaki had the requisite sweetness that always works for the kids and thankfully they did not bludgeon the dish with excess sauce.The final analysis:  reasonable prices, reasonable food.
4	The hubs and I are suckers for some good Pho and we haven't found better in Phoenix since we moved here. The restaurant itself is nothing special but what does one expect when you can get two bowls of pho, two drinks, and crispy spring rolls for under $15? We've never eaten anything else there but in the cooler months we eat here at least 3 times a month... sometimes more =)
3	I've been here a few times a couple of years ago, back when I used to live in Chandler.  This is a place that many Vietnamese refer me to when I ask about Pho (nail artists and coworkers alike).  But this was before all the new pho places have popped up!  I've never been crazy about pho, and I can't recall if I've tried it here.  I have tried a few apps and stir-fries, and I have to say that none have been worth writing home about (or more appropriately, none are worth YELPING about).  The outdated/old-fashioned decor doesn't help, either.  I'd say the only positive thing Saigon Pho has going, at least for me, is the server Crystal.  Very friendly, efficient, and she always has suggestions ready based on what you feel like having.
3	This place serves huge portions at decent prices, but that's the best thing I can say about it. The environment is so bland that it reminded me of working in an Intel cubicle farm. The service was pretty bad, I had to walk up front and interrupt the flirtations of the servers to get a container to take my leftover pho home. The food was good, but certainly nothing to rave about. If you need some quick vietnamese and can completely ignore your surroundings, this place could be acceptable, but otherwise I'd avoid it.
3	The food is solid, but not awesome.  The room is kind of ugly and occasionally not too fragrant.If you want Vietnamese, you want it dirt cheap and you want it now, this place gets it done.If you want a warm, memorable dining experience, this is not the place.
4	This place is great and I eat here often. The food is very good and the prices are great.  Took a friend and we ordered egg rolls, spring rolls, and two main courses, think it was curry chicken noodle soup and a spicy chicken over rice. The bill was under $20. A Vietnamese friend recommended this place and I have been eating here ever since!
4	A Newly Found Treasure and I came here last night to try it out. I was not disappointed.It was the first time I've ever eaten Vietnamese food and first time i had Pho. I thought the food was good. I like the Spring Roll. It was fresh and savory. The mint that was inside the roll gave it that zing taste and and burst of surprise. The #10 Pho I ordered was delightful. I finished everything except for the soup!!!The people were also friendly. Our server made sure we knew what we were ordering and told us the ingredients in the soup. I eat anything and everything!! Nice atmosphere and a homey feel. I'll definitely come back here again. The place is located in the Iguana Macks plaza just after Knox.
4	This restaurant has been here for quite a while. Honestly, the standard is really good. I usually go for #20, special soup noodle. It is really good. The soup is so tasty and the price is reasonable. Their #1 - egg role is also my favorite. I have tried a few Vietnamese Pho in different locations -Chandler, Mesa. But still, this is THE BEST!!! Unlike other places, their noodle soup is just nice, not too salty. Check it out !
5	I have been coming to this place for at least 3 years and still can't get enough. It's an odd location, considering they're right next door to another Chinese Restaurant, but the food here is fantastic.The service is always quick and the food is delicious, my fave: Beef Chow Fun. This is one place I don't mind picking up the tab :)
5	This place is great - the best Viet restaurant that I know about in this state.  Low prices, great food, friendly service!
2	Hubby and I met a couple of friends here for dinner tonight. It is a small restaurant, nothing much to look at, but the service was super friendly and amazingly fast.I had egg rolls that were pretty awful- inside was a ground up unidendifiable mash. Really couldn't identify the tastes either. Hubby's spring roll was nothing to write home about, and he thought that the ones he had at Pholicious were far better. My entree was quite tasty, though- the beef chow fun (dry) might just have been the best I've had in the Valley. Hubby had to add all the sauces given to him just to give his tofu and veggie noodle dish some flavor. One friend loves their curry pho, and the other friend just repeatedly called her dish "spicy" and didn't eat much of it.We've had better overall and will keep searching for a good pho place- and one in our part of town.
4	I just moved here from California last week, and I was craving Vietnamese food REAL BAD.  I jumped on yelp, and found Saigon Pho.  We did takeout, and the food was pretty good.  Our order consisted of Cha Gio (Fried Eggrolls), Bun Cha Gio (Fried Eggrolls atop cold rice vermicelli with lettuce, cucumbers, sprouts and nuoc cham sauce) and Beef Chow fun (Beef with wide rice noodles, stir fried).  Everything was delicious, and our order came in under $20.   I will definitely be back....
5	great food, good prices. Huge portions, amazing egg rools and spring rolls. i have been going here for 7 years and its never dissapointed me!
4	I have been to pho saigon several times and have taken out few times.their food is always consistent, quick and good.anytime we are in the mood, we always go there.
5	I've been 4 times, my sister was pregnant and the baby needed that Pho--Lucky me!Best Pho, ever.  Best spring rolls and the egg roll is served the right way--with lettuce to wrap around.  Also, fresh oil--not oil that's been around for 100 years--you know what i mean... *fresh*Huge, generous portions, fresh and authentic.  Gracious and hospitable service and the prices are insanely low.So good that I'll drive to Chandler from South Scottsdale just for a taste.Go.  Now.-*- After reading a couple of reviews, I have to request that anyone please *not* dine here if you can't handle Vietnamese people eating next to you--I would hate for your bigotry to ruin the experience for anyone else.  In fact, you should probably not dine anywhere outside of your home if you're so consumed with hatred for anyone of a different ethnicity.  Thanks, much appreciated!  =) -*-
4	If you  love spring rolls and egg rolls then  this is the place you want to eat.Also they serve food really fast.great Vietnamese food.
4	This is one of my regular Vietnamese spots for two things, and they are:fried rice (not on the menu)& chicken curry noodle soupTheir fried rice is OH SO GOOD and greasy, reminds me of Chinatown fried rice in the Philippines and in Malaysia, the ones you get from the hawker stand. MMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmm! Make sure you get the house fried rice because it so good, with the fried egg, the scallions, shrimp, pork, and chinese sausage. It's that good that I can always look past the dirty Vietnamese label that Saigon Pho usually gets from Vietnamese friends. and, the Chicken Curry noodle soup with the rice noodle, the richness of the coconut and the thickness of the curry gravy mixed in with the rice noodle and the chunks of chicken, with a little spice, mmmm that's good eating. Oh and if you're eating in, get yourself their fresh lemonade, it's cool and really tart!!! love it. and these two menu items alone have made me a repeat customer of Saigon Pho the last 4 yrs.
4	Saigon Pho is just down the street from where I live. I am not super familiar with the menu, but sometimes I get a craving for a big bowl of pho. So...that's all I've ever ordered there. The menu isn't super descriptive, and I have trouble differentiating the difference between the seven different types of beef noodle soup. The staff has a hard time communicating the differences themselves, so you are sort of on your own.I recommend the spicy beef noodle soup. It has a thicker broth, wide noodles, tomatoes, cucumbers, peanuts, and sliced beef. You also get a condiment tray and a plate of the usual vegetables to dress your soup the way you like it.The atmosphere is typical strip mall, but the prices are too.
5	The best pho in all the land!!! Also try the amazing egg rolls served with fresh mint and lettuce leaves for wrapping! The spring rolls taste so good, and they are so healthy, light and clean. I feel like I just left Canyon Ranch after I eat them!!! For realz!They make anything you want by request;  they have a real chef in the kitchen!!! SO YUMMY, all for less than a trip to Starbucks!!!!
5	the Pho bo vien is sooo sooo yummy and the spring roll are so die for. great prices and friendly staff.
4	So every time I'm craving some pho I always come back here. 90% of the time I go by myself. It's easier than trying to convince someone else to go with me. The pho is always delicious and the service is always quick! I sometimes wonder if the servers understand what I'm saying, but I'm glad the numbering system is implemented here, "#10 Please. Thank you." I should try to learn some Vietnamese basics since that's my number one place to go.
4	We always go here when we are too tired to cook during the week or as a on-the-run, default place to eat. The food is really inexpensive and good. The service is quick and the staff is friendly in a foreigner-kind of way. I can't really distinguish between the qualities of Vietnamese food because I didn't grow up with it, but I enjoy the noodle bowls. My new favorite is the coconut milk curry bowl but watch out, it is spicy!
5	YUMYUMYUMYUMLove this place!!! Pho is FANTASTIC! EGG ROLLS ARE THE BEST! Can't say enough good things about Saigon Pho.. Just go there! NOW.......
4	I had the Vegetable Pho and a glass of water. --Price: Very reasonable, and about what I expected/hoped to pay. $5.50--Food: It is not the best Pho I have ever had, but it was above average.  Decent amount of veggies BUT no tofu!!!  I still have to rely on Maxim for the greatest Veggie Pho (comes with tofu).--Service: Very awesome. Soup was out before I could even let out my pre meal fart.  They consistently were getting up during their lunch meal/break to see how I was and to refill my water.I will go back again when I do not feel like making the drive to Maxim in Phoenix.
4	Unusual for a Vietnamese restaurant, I hold this place to the same standard of cleanliness I expect from a Chinese restaurant: if it tastes good and doesn't make me sick, it's a-okay! I have grown up in Asian restaurants and really, despite all the negative reviews, this place isn't that scary! If you're looking for ambiance, well, maybe you should save this one for another day. I can't say I've ever been to a Vietnamese restaurant where the decorations blew me away. However, if you are craving some mighty decent Vietnamese cuisine, you have arrived at your destination.I grew up on Oahu where Pho places are like McDonalds- they are practically on every corner. It being one of my favorite foods, I've been to a great many restaurants for pho, and have tried to find a place that can fill that big beef noodle soup void in my heart..( or stomach.. same thing) since moving to Arizona. I've come to the conclusion that there is nothing in Tucson. Chandler, however, is fortunate enough to have this little gem.The bowls are large and very affordable.  The easiest difference to distinguish between pho places is the broth. Saigon has a pretty good broth, and offers almost all the right condiments. The only thing this place is missing is sate, which is like chili oil with garlic or shallots, and culantro. If only I could figure out what it's called in Vietnamese... Large in size with sharp edges, it is similar to cilantro but more subtle and slightly sweet. These, while a major drawback for me, are minor for the overall quality found here at Saigon. The beauty of pho is that it arrives light and fairly simple. Its up to you to customize your own bowl to your individual taste. The spring rolls are good, served properly dressed with lettuce leaves and mint for wrapping with traditional sweet sour fish sauce for dipping. If you like coffee, you haven't lived until you have had a Vietnamese iced coffee. No. Seriously.And a small but hugely fantastic thing? They have fresh coconuts that you can order to drink the juice out of! And eat the coconut flesh after of course.. MmmmSo while this isn't the best pho I've ever had in my life, it IS the best I've had in Arizona so far.
3	The place is looking good with a recent face lift -- new paint / wall pictures / pendant lighting... I'd also bet money the folks here are CBS (Chinese Born in Saigon) as I hear the staff speaking in Chinese and based on some of the offerings...I bounce around on the meu alot, b/c I haven't found THE dish that makes me want to order it over and over again.  My bf is a fan, so we come here regularly due to its proximity and good value for the money.  I am impressed with the friendly service, it's a notch above what I'm used to receiving in pho shops.Regularly consuming:#2 Viet Shrimp & Veg Rolls -- these aren't the deep fried rolls, aka spring rolls elsewhere.#21  Duck w/ Egg Noodle Soup -- love / hate relationship... I love duck, and its tender falling off the bone... but the broth can be sweet which is off putting.#24 Charbroiled Pork & Egg Roll w/ Noodle -- vermicelli noodles served with fish sauce, as I find their beef pho broth just eh.Any one of the "dessert" items which I treat like a drink, the drinks are soooo refreshing during our hot summers.
5	Best Vietnamese restaurant in AZ I have ever been. Very friendly staff, excellent taste, reasonable prices and quick service are what I see. Crispy chicken is awesome as well as lots of pho choices. The only thing I'd like to say for improvement is that the inside of the restaurant woud be redecorated and be more light.
4	This is consistently some of the best Vietnamese with great pho. The service is fast and you cant beat the price. The staff is genuinely friendly, providing excellent service. Go for the crispy duck...yum! Not fancy, but really, really good.
3	The pho here is pretty good for a pretty cheap price. Unfortunately, the eggrolls weren't the best. It tasted like Chinese eggrolls. I've had better.
4	Knock out flavored Pho broth with usual assortment of lime, bean sprouts, cilantro and jalapenos on the side. A couple of sliced jalapenos into the broth for just the right amount of heat and ate down to the last drop. Could have had a little more meat (sliced very thin) but no complaints. A BIG repeat for a Great value at $5.50 for a Bowl of Pho.
4	This is my Pho restaurant of choice in AZ.I've probably tried half the menu in the 7 years I've been a patron on Saigon Pho.  Other than the regular pho choices, I'd recommend the Spicy Grilled Lemongrass Chicken, Crispy Chicken, Salt & Pepper Squid, and a host of others..If you are in the mood for soup, but not the usual pho, order the Beef Stew Noodle Soup w/ egg noodles.Saigo Pho has very good portions.  You've probably tried your luck with other pho places and have felt short changed as the quantity of noodles in your bowl.  you won't have a problem with that here.The prices are fair.The wait staff is always friendly and attentive.  It's not like the usual Asian places where they don't ever come around and refill your glass with water.
3	Cheap eats, fast service!  I can dig.  Pho is my comfort food.  The Pho is alright, but I guess you get what you pay for.  For about $5 it's quick and yummy.  The portion size is just about right for an Asian dude like me...not too much but not too less.  Service was quick...ninja style! I just finished my water and it's full already right when I stuff my face full of noodles!  What's up with the lighting?  It's always so dark!  I'm scared!  Where's my Pho?  What am I eating, and where the hell is the bathroom?  - enjoy!
4	Saigon Pho has great and amazingly cheap Vietnemese food.My favorites are the shrimp rolls (number 2), The Pho Tai soup(number 12), and the Charbroiled Beef and Egg Roll over noodle (number 25).It's incredible how many Vietnemese restaurants there are in this desert suburb named Chandler...
5	Very friendly people, and the best Viet rest. in Arizona that I know of.  My favorite is duck in egg noodle soup.  That one particular dish is even better than it is in the legendary Pho 79 on Hazard Street in Westminster, CA!
4	Best Pho in town! Ok, so I may not be the expert, but I have tried my fair share of Pho, and I will return to Saigon each and every time.What I love about Pho...-The flavors oh my! I know that technically Pho is just beef broth with rice noddles, but it tastes like so much more! -It's quick, from order to table it takes no more than 5 minutes and you have steaming flavor bowl of yum!-You feel like you are making it yourself, you add the lime, the basil, the sprouts, the hot sauce and you have your own special bowl of goodness.Saigon knows Pho and if you like Pho, I highly recommend you try it at Saigon!!
5	My initial thoughts of this place was of a dirty hole in the wall restaurant. When I finally stopped by I found out it wasn't so bad. I heard and driven by this place many times but never really had a hankering to stop in and try the food. Tonight, I was not feeling well and wanted a nice, hot bowl of Pho. I decided to finally give this place a shot. I placed my order to go (#11 Pho with beef and beef balls - $6.50 total) and took a seat and waited. I did not have to wait long, I got my food fairly fast. For the short 5-10 minutes I waited, I saw several appealing rice, noodles and seafood dishes passing by me from the kitchen to different tables that I now have to come back and try. Everything looked so appetizing which usually isn;t the case when you're feeling sick.Anyway, back to the Pho... when I arrived home, I fixed up my hearty bowl of Pho. The portion was huge! More than I can finish. The bean sprouts, mint and lime that accompanied were nice and fresh. The broth was very flavorful and not very oily. Usually, I'd want to add a bunch of lime, hoison sauce and sriracha but tonight it was perfect with just a squirt of lime and the fresh veggies. The broth was still very hot, too. I will definitely go back for more Pho and also to try other items. Prices here are very affordable.
5	Fast service, delicious food and excellent prices. We've been eating at Saigon for about eight years, and highly recommend it if you enjoy Vietnamese food. The service is very prompt. Our food usually comes within minutes of ordering and it's delicious. The waitresses are friendly. And lunch for two is usually around $15. Newbie advice: It's very busy during the lunch rush hour, so get there early. The decor isn't the finest, but it's the food you'll be eating! Fish sauce may not smell great, but it's so so tasty. Not a big Pho (pronounced fawh) fan? Try the char-grilled shrimp and beef over rice, stir fried white onion noodle with chicken or lemon grass chicken over rice (spicy). The Vietnamese spring rolls are also delicious.
5	This is my absolute favorite pho restaurant, and the prices can NOT be beat.They have a cute little place with a big fish tank full of fresh crabs and lobster and the pho is amazing. I recommend the #25 Its a beef rice noodle dish topped with crunchy spring rolls, lots of veggies and their sauces are divine. No, it's not actually a Pho dish but it's amazing and slightly sweet and they bring it out in record time! We tried the Salt Brown Lemonade last time we were there, let me say that was an ODD drink. I usually go for the hot green tea, I like my own little pot o tea while I Pho-get. Check this place out when you're in the area, I guarantee you won't be disappointed!!
4	This is one of my favorite places to get Pho. It's made well here. Good flavor, not too oily. The egg rolls are delicious.
2	Saigon Pho Falls FlatYears ago, my husband and i went to Saigon Pho regularly before choir practice to get a bowl of Bun Hanoi.  Once we quit the choir, and found Cyclo, Saigon Pho was no longer on the radar screen.  Last night, i craved a bowl of pho, and wanting to mix it up a bit, we thought we'd visit the old haunt.Well, disappointing.  The Pho Tai was flat in flavor, greasy and very, very average.  the "salad" consisted of a handful of bean sprouts, a lemon wedge, one basil leaf (!) and a sickly branch of couple day old mint leaves.  It was sustenance, but not a great food treat.  we'll be moving on.
5	I love this place!  The cua rang muoi (salt and pepper crab) is to die for and a must try.  The crab is fresh from the tanks in the back.The Pho is not what I'm use to back in Colorado but this will do.I love that I'm in and out relatively quickly when I want a quick bite for lunch.
4	Really Good Vietnamese food! Good Service. I always order the same. Pho Soup, egg noddle, seafood style.
4	My family has been coming here for years.   Everything we've tried is delicious. Food is consistent, quick and inexpensive.  The Salt and Pepper Squid, Black Pepper Lobster, and of course the pho is always good.
1	Don't come here for Pho! It's not authentic and it's Chinese style trust me!!! But they do have good crispy fried chicken. This place is not a good authentic Vietnamese restaurant but it's an authentic Chinese restaurant. Try phu Thanh instead in mesa!! If u want good Vietnamese food
2	Don't order their combination Pho - it comes with actual balls of fat, tripe and tendons! Instead, you'll want to order the ALL rare beef Pho and you have to tell them that you don't want any tripe, tendons or fat. This place is much nicer and cleaner than my favorite Phu place in Mesa but the food, portion and price isn't as good.
5	At the suggestion of another yelp review, we ordered the salt and pepper squid (9.95) which was very good albeit... salty. The broth of the pho wasn't as rich as some places but still tasty.Service was great and quick.Ben for some reason really likes tendon so our server recommended the combination which he was thoroughly pleased with. He'd never tried tripe and now I'm afraid he likes that as well... We also ordered spring rolls, which I think are exactly the same regardless of restaurant.
4	I've been here numerous times through the years and always get either the Pho or the Bun. Everytime it is delicious, fast and inexpensive. It's a great place to take a group of people. I recommend this place for sure.
5	I have been eating there since before I can remember. My mom used to take me and now I bring my bf there all the time.The waitresses are always very nice and they know me so well they know our order before I even have to look.We always split two order of the egg rolls and go back and forth between sharing the charbroiled pork, egg cake, and (I always forget what it is called but the cold pork with noodles).I also love their rice noodle salads, their chow fun, tofu, summer rolls, and wonton soup.I have never seen any bugs and it's always clean.They remodeled a wile ago and though the booths are new I don't like how short they are. It makes the meal less private.It's the one place my mom and sister miss the most after moving to Oregon.
4	I was spoiled living on top of Vietnam 2 in the heart of the TL in San Francisco, and I never thought I would ever find another Pho joint in all of the world that I could love more, but I have, and it's a short 5 minute drive from my home in Chandler Az. I can literally eat pho for breakfast lunch and dinner, but for the sake of my sanity, I try and mix it up a bit. As soon as I step foot into this place I feel like I'm right back home. Everything about it reminds me of my fave spot in SF minus the small fish pond near the front entrance. I also love the consistency of the dishes here, always satisfying, never disappointing. And their fried egg rolls are pretty bomb too! I think I'm going to go have myself some now! YUM!
5	Good food at the cheap price. I always order the fresh rolls and Pho#13. Service is quick. Water is alway filled. By far the best Pho I've found around this area.
5	Some things never change... and for Saigon Pho and their customers, that's a Good Thing!The first day in the Phoenix area... more specifically, Chandler, brought me the ONLY Vietnamese Pho place I have ever frequented in Arizona... really, I have yet to try another Vietnamese Pho restaurant in this state!And... without a glance at my previous reviews... I virtually ordered the exact  same combination of entrees...Chicken Rice Soup #51 (***** $4.95... increase of $0.50) After two years, there only has been an increase of just fifty cents for this Rice Porridge Soup.... JUST FIFTY CENTS! I have no doubt other Yelpers have noticed portion reductons and / or price increases in their favorite restaurants. In just two years an increase this infinitesimal is a bargain!You'll receive your Porridge, which is just boiled Rice to a glutinous consistency, in a 6-inch wide bowl, with the addition of pulled Chicken meat, fermented Turnips, bits of Ginger, and Green Onions. A very simple Soup, don't you think?Along with either Porridge or Pho, I also order...Beef Chow Fun #39 (***** $6.50-no change in price) A very, very affordable Chow Fun... as inexpensive as you'll find anywhere!Stir-Fried wide Rice Noodles with marinated strips of Beef,  Bean Sprouts, Yellow Onions, Green Onions in a Sweet Soy Sauce! Delicioso!My friend, whom I visited on this trip... even though he is Chinese, never had Chow Fun of any kind in his life... stated this is one of the best Chinese entrees he ever had! I had to remind him that this IS a Vietnamese place... and Chinese would never make SWEET Chow Fun, even though it was VERY, Very good.I, initially, wanted an order of Oysters in Black Bean Sauce..  but the waitress stated the restaurant stopped serving Oysters because customers started returning the entree... Saigon Pho, the last time I ordered it in  Black Bean Sauce, then had the LARGEST Oysters I had seen short of seeing it served in a coastal city like San Francisco. The Oysters can be very intimidating... they're HUGE! I kid you not, if you special order it now... you would think the Oysters were aided in their growth by artificial means. If my stay in Arizona were longer... I would not hesitate in ordering this. But I had to resort to....Clams with Basil Leaf (**** 1/2 Market Price) A HUGE order of Clams cooked with Basil, in a sweet Soy Sauce concoction! The PILE of Clams musta been over four inches high!Saigon Beef Rice Noodle Soup (Not Rated $5.95) My friend's order... Ice Coffee with Condensed Milk #54 (***** $2.50) WAAAYYY better than that Italian stuff... Way, WAY BETTER!   ... And you get to percolate it yourself at the table... if you want to, that is. This is one of the very few Vietnamese restaurants that will let you "do it yourself", as most restaurants want to "turn" your table as fast as possible.   Some views of the Viet Coffee dripping, and dripping, and dripping...      ( http://s3-media2.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/bI04rKTCweVgKITJ1QkZKA/l.jpg  )      ( http://s3-media2.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/VNQLgijYek1UNPAhiBNc3A/l.jpg  )Total: $33.12 (including tax & including my friend's Pho order)My server was a young woman, whom I have got to know since she was working here as a high school teen. On my last visit a couple of years ago, she just graduated with a degree in Business Administration from ASU. She was very enthusiastic and positive about her future... and was thinking about opening up her own Asian restaurant or taking advantage of her degree and attaining a position in a big corporation... or even marriage! I was very surprised to see her still here.All in all, still a very popular destination among residents in Chandler... about 80% of capacity at 8pm.
4	Saigon Pho has some of the best Vietnamese food I have ever had. Their lemon grass chicken is spicy, but oh so good. Their Thai iced tea is not watered down like other places. The staff here is quick on the order, patient, and super friendly.
3	Pretty standard.
4	The broth is good, the smells are incredible, and the servings are generous.  The only downside I have to this experience is that it just isn't QUITE there in terms of full pho flavor.I tend to be overly critical of VIetnamese food in general since I always had high quality authentic food at home growing up.  I was skeptical when my co-workers suggested it. However, good experience, good atmosphere, and a GREAT price.  Bigger plus for being close to work AND for having Vietnamese soy milk!Oh it's a bit hard to see, but it's in a strip mall on the East side of the road next to a Mexican restaurant.
4	I can't believe I still haven't written a review for Saigon Pho...I have been going here for about 7 years and their prices still haven't changed. That 7 years mark should tell you how great they are. I have also been to about 5 other Vietnamese places in the East Valley, but Saigon Pho keeps me coming back.Spring Rolls - AmazingAnything else - AmazingService - Fast and FriendlyThe food is cheap, and the portions are large. Boom.::drops mike::
5	Saigon Pho is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant!  I've been dining here for nearly two years now and love this restaurant dearly. My boyfriend and I dine here two to three times a week. The food and service continues to bring us back, and our love for Vietnamese food continues to grow! I've practically have had just about almost everything on the menu and have not found many items I did not like. The beef salad is amazing... to die for! It is served with your side of white rice, with  lemon salt and pepper dipping sauce. Believe me, it is fantastic! You will fall in love and come back for more. Not forgetting your traditional Pho, something that is a must have and try! You cannot go to Saigon Pho and not have Pho... rice noodle soup with beef and beef balls, served with sprouts, lime, and basil leaves. There are sauces to add to enhance the flavor. Once everything is added, you indulge!  Some of my other favorite dishes are; the special crab, clams with basil, and steam flounder.  They cost a bit more if you don't mind splurging a tad to enjoy the taste of how each item is well put together. These items are normally shared-so for the price, it is worth feeding at least two people. Beside for the seafood items, everything else on the menu is affordable and decently priced. Nothing is overly priced for the amount of food served. The servers are extremely friendly, quick and nice... I've gotten to know almost every single one of them to the point where it is a little embarrassing when I walk in and they say, "Wow.... you come here again?!"  There are never any long waits and most of the time, we are sat right away. They come by so often to check on you... So basically it is impossible for your drink to be half empty. Good deal, eh?! I have and will continue to enjoy this restaurant. So if and ever you are in Chandler, Arizona make a quick stop here and give yourself a decent meal you won't forget!
5	the price, the taste and the quality of the pho all get 5 stars!!!! i can't wait to come back!
5	I have been coming to this place for many years now (over 5 years) since I moved to Chandler. I come here atleast, if not more, once a week. I love their quickness of service and the food comes out fast too. Even on their busiest days (Fridays & Saturday evenings), the service is always great. Oh and not to forget, the food tastes great too! Always consistent.
5	Best Bun Bo Hue (Hue style, spicy beef noodle soup) I've ever had at any restaurant I've been to! It almost compares to my mom's...almost.They Americanize it some, in the sense that they leave out the chocolate meat and pig feet (Boo to that!), but the broth is so delicious it doesn't even matter! It's all about the BROTH! I was sooo tempted to take it home in a friggin cup b/c I was overly stuffed. Yes, it was THAT good.I'm guessing if the bun bo hue is this good, the pho is probably tha bombeezy!
4	I have been going to Saigon Pho for years, since probably when we moved here back in 2000 or 2001 .The servers are super friendly, and remember you ,( or at least it seems that way ), the menu is fantastic. The only problem is that I don't get to try other items on the menu, since everytime I want to get my favorite. My son has been coming here since he was about 4 or so years old and is a fan also. Service is fast and friendly. If you want Vietnamese food, and don't care about decor, this is the place to go.
4	I've been to like 2 Vietnamese restaurants in my life, so I'm not an expert and can't compare this to anything else.  But I really liked the food and the flavors of this food.  I could see the menu being a little overwhelming but I asked some people who'd been before and checked the other Yelp reviews and decided on the following:Beef Chow Fun - Yum.  Greasy but excellent dish.  Kind of reminded me of Mongolian beef over noodles.   Fun indeed.Spicy Beef w/ Rice Noodles - Probably my favorite of the soups I tried.  This had a little bit more going on that just broth and noodles.  Good enough that at some point, I will crave a bowl and be back for it.Freshly Sliced Beef Pho - This was what I expected.  A kind of nicely flavored beef broth soup.  A little bland for me, but my kids LOVED it.Pork Bun (pork and egg rolls on cold vermicelli noodles) - I was most surprised by this one.  Cold noodles and fish sauce makes me say "meh," but I really liked this dish.  Fish sauce and all.  Actually the sauce probably made the dish.As everyone else has said, the places is pretty cheap.  Unlike everyone else... you can keep the darn spring rolls.  Egg roll... awesome.  Cold transparently wrapped bunches of tasteless lettuce... not so much.
4	I have been eating here for almost 10 years.  It has always been one of my favorites.  Their Pho Ga is amazing and so are their spring rolls.  All of the dishes we have had are great and you have to try the Cafe Su Da which is a coffee that slowly drips into sweet condensed milk.  It is a real treat.  The past three times I have been there however they seem to have changed their noodles or the way they cook them.  They are too soft and mushy which really put a dent into my enjoyment.  These small thin rice noodles are in the pho and the spring rolls (and many other dishes) so this really bothers me. The service is faster than fast food yet it is always fresh and good.  They have great Jasmine Team and it is served in the whole pot which is nice.  Cleanliness could be improved but this is a pretty traditional place.Oh, I almost forgot the secret.  If you are hung over you have to come here.  Here is the miracle cure second to swimming in a cold ocean.- Whole fresh coconut (drink)- Pho Ga (Chicken Noodle Soup in a beef broth)  - Make sure to add Siracha hot sauce to kick up the sweat.- Cafe Su Da - nice caffeine blast.The Pho needs to be spiced up enough to make you sweat.  After that, your hang over is gone !!!!  Whoohooo
4	Really Good Pho. Their sweet and sour chicken is better then any Chinese Rest. Kind of a hole in the wall, but never judge a book by it's cover!
3	I was here with a group of 10.  We got seated in one of the big tables near the back.  We were greeted by the server and asked for our drink orders.  I ordered the Thai Ice Tea.  It was good.  Each of us ordered our own dish.  I ordered the fried egg rolls, it was ok.  I ordered #32 BBQ pork, shredded pork, egg cake, and fish sauce.  Everything was just ok.
5	Awesome pho, broth is very flavorful, lots of veggies, and good portion of quality beef. They also have great service and reasonable prices. Best I've found in Phoenix, looking forward to going back and trying some of their other things.
4	This is my 'go to' pho house in the Chandler area.  The prices are good ~5 to $6 for a bowl of pho.  The staff is friendly and the quality is on par.  My one complaint is that it is not especially clean.  My picks:#16  spicy beef phoPho Ga( chicken pho(white meat))fried tofu
1	One less star for every piece of hair I found in my bowl of fake Bun Bo Hue.   Found a total of 5 but yelp requires me to rate at least one star. Besides the HAIRS, the broth was greasy, and unflavored.  Every ingredients I tried to add to make it taste better  was useless....USELESS!!!  They took it back and gave me a new one and still made me pay for the meal of hair that I had to eat!
5	yummy vietnam foods at arizona.we order no 39 beef chow fun $ 6,95 (i change beef with chicken),this is my favorite food( if change we spend more  $ 1 ).and egg roll  $ 2,95 (for 2 pieces +accesories) ,sometimes we order 2 packed.if you like spicy  and pork leg don't forget to order BUN BO HUE (shank beef  and pork leg soup) $ 5,95 ,original bun bo hue have pig blood, but don't worry they don't put  those blood.wonton soup yummy too.i think anything food  yummy too, my hubby like pepper salty crispy squit($9,95),and we always order only a little salt,because to salty.we order fried rice chicken shrimp $6,95.sometime we order crispy chicken.fried tofu $ 4,95  yummy too.if you come weekend  for dinner,maybe come a little early.
4	Coffee here is to die for!!  :[],,,  (drooling face)  It comes out with its own coffee drip and slowly brews over a layer of condensed milk.  Mix and pour over ice for an extra rich coffee with an awesome aroma!  I like coffee, and I like 'em strong!  there's no cup of joe like this. :D
4	Saigon Pho is probably the cheapest pho I have ever seen in all of Arizona. $6 for a huuuge bowl of pho, of course I'll bite! I came here with my uncle and cousin for lunch and it was packed. Even so, the service was friendly and the food came out fast. I had the chicken pho, while the other two had their regular pho. The egg rolls we got were just so-so, but the soup was delicious. Not the best pho I've ever had but I will come back whenever I have a craving for Vietnamese while I'm at home.
3	This is a great quick lunch spot! The Pho is aright not my favorite but great for the money only about $5 a bowl. They also offer many other dishes as well, their house crispy chicken, beef and basil chow fun, house fried rice, crispy egg noodles with chicken and vegetables, and their fried egg rolls are a must :-) I usually alternate between all of these dishes all of which are under $7-8 a plate.
4	Love it!!! The salt and pepper calamari is UNREAL!!!!! I also get the beef sliced pho. I love how fast the service is! I've been here 3 times in a week and I live in Scottsdale!!! Love it!
5	Love this place! I make sure and go at least once a week.
5	It just doesn't get better than this place, in every way... service, quality, value, taste, etc.  And I can't over-emphasize VALUE!!!  This is just plain old CHEAP, yet lacks nothing in quality.I've been to this place dozens of times, and I would give it a 5 every time.Get the lemonade.  Trust me!!  It's made in house, and is such amazing.
3	I gave this an A-OK rating because i'm not an expert of PHO. I like the food, but just haven't been to plenty of vietnamese places.I ordered the spicy beef pho. It was good, very large bowl and the price was great ! This place was recommended to me by my asian friends. And i saw lots of asain peeps eating there as well, so it's probably a good place. Service was good, even though they were really busy.  I would go again, the menu has plenty of selections.
5	This place is awesome. You just need to know what you want or go with someone that speaks Vietnamese to make sure you are getting what you want. I really like the beef noodle soup and the vegetable rolls. Sometimes for lunch if I am driving by, I just order their vegetable rolls to go and it is enough to fill me for lunch. Wide range of other food as well that has some very good authentic flavor like the chow fun.
5	My favorite phone place. It is spookier good. People are nice and my wife loves the number 50 beef salad. You can't go wrong.
5	Being from the Bay Area (in CA), and being used to quite an assortment of ethnic foods, my expectations were not super high. I was very pleasantly surprised when I walked in and it *smelled* of Asian spices and Vietnamese food! My friend and I ordered lunch for ourselves (beef pho and the beef noodle soup), which was really good. We also ordered dinner for our families, since we were in town for the Lost Dutchman swim meet and wanted to expedite dinner after the meet. I got two orders of the pork/egg roll with vermicelli, I also got lemongrass chicken and the beef chow fun. All of which was great! Service was quick and attentive, food was delicious and reasonably priced! If you are in/around Chandler, and looking for some yummy Vietnamese food, I would definitely recommend this place!
5	The best Pho I have had. I'm also very picky because I only like white meat chicken Pho and this place's Pho Ga is the bomb. The food is fresh. The prices are unbelievably cheap. And the staff is very very nice.
5	We ordered this to go and had I delivered across town to our ER for dinner...and it was still awesome!!! The pho was amazing!
5	Hidden gem. No frills, hole in the wall type of place (but pretty clean). The food is simply excellent. Authentic and delicious. Friendly service. I'm really amazed that the prices are so low! I got an order of spring rolls, 2 bowls of pho, 1 entree and a Thai tea for $20!!! Incredible value for the food quality. I will definitely be back.
4	I give them a lot of credit for serving a wide variety of vietnamese dishes in a city that's easy for restauranteurs to take the easy route and do what's typical and still get enough business. The ca kho (caramelized clay pot catfish) and canh chua (sour soup with okra and taro stems) are hard to find in general,  popular in Vietnamese homes and done very well here. Never had their pho - suggest ordering their more atypical items!
4	Best Vietnamese in Arizona so far.....had the vermicelli pork and shrimp...mmmm delicious.....the thai ice tea was surprisingly not too strong, which in turn made it better than any i had before. Well done and the food was done super quick....the ladies were very nice.
4	I've had lunch here a few times, and always had the Pho. Good food, good service. Plan to try out the other entrees some time. My go-to place for Vietnamese food in Chandler.
5	We haven't been here in a while, too far, but, tonight decided to make the drive.This is an extremely comfortable place to eat, the booths and the lighting have been redone since my last visit.The quality of the food and the service are both really great here.  The house crispy chicken and the Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce are my favorites.  The others had beef chow fun and pho 19.  The spring rolls here are somehow better than all the other spots with what seems to be the SAME ingredients.  Laurie still remembered us and what we  like after almost a year.  We will be back soon.
5	This place has been here for a long time, and for good reason. It's great! The food is delicious, the portion sizes are big, the price is cheap, and the food comes out fast. It seems to always have customers no matter what time you go. Crispy spring rolls, and soft spring rolls are some of the freshest and best I've had. The pho broth is not greasy and packed with great, authentic flavor. Not watered down, like some other places. I'm not as big on the combination rice dishes, but love everything else.
5	I love this place.  We eat there 1 to 2 times a week.  I suggest you try the combo fried rice which is an off menu item.  Also the curry chicken noodle soup is excellent.  Lastly, if you have enough money, spring for a robster, think Americans pronounce it lobster.  nom nom nom
5	This place is great.  It is the best pho I've had in Phoenix and it is cheap.  You can have a meal, plus tip, for less than $10.  My favorite is the curry pho, I believe they call it Thai style.  It has some heat and some sweet from coconut milk.  I add in the jalapenos and basil and enjoy.  All their dishes are great so don't be worried about ordering something new.
5	great food and prices around $6 a plate !! true taste and flavor !!
5	This is our favorite, at least once a month, Pho restaurant. The staff are courteous, friendly and efficient, and the food is excellent. As far as the Pho goes, there isn't a bad option on the menu, but the real treats are the other treasures on the menu, such as the salt & pepper calamari, which is the best I've ever had. The restaurant is large, that's a good thing because it gets pretty busy at peak times, though I've never had to wait more than a few minutes. Dinner for two, without drinks, may run you $20-25 + tip, but that's including appetizers (hint: the spring rolls are fresh and delicious), but your taste buds will thank you with every bite.
4	Been going here for over 10yrs now...my husband loves it too. Great Prices and Great Food! We try to go here weekly since it's cheaper than cooking. I love the seafood, Lobster Salt and Pepper is our Fav! And the SP Squid. The Pho is so far the best I've had. They are sometimes not as consistent on the quantity of food as for family style eating but most of the time they have a great serving for the price. My kids ask to eat here all the time, especially when under the weather and in winter for the soups! Very affordable! Especially on seafood.
5	One of our favorite restaurants in the Valley! We go here about once a month. Some of my favorite dishes are the whole fish, salt and pepper shrimp, Pho with everything in it, Spring rolls, Shrimp/Pork over rice noodles, and the Seafood over soft egg noodles. We also have the Vietnamese coffee as our dessert! YUM!
4	I enjoy the Springs Rolls and the Pho soup.  The decor is nothing to write home about, but the food is pretty decent.
3	Service is FAST and efficient. Beff Pho was tasty, but I wish they offered the shrimp AND pork spring rolls. I opted for the deep fried egg rolls and they were much like you would find anywhere else. They came out so fast (and temperature wise) I suspect they were pre-cooked. Still overall a good experience.
5	Saigon Pho doesn't have a fancy sign, great decor or even windows you can look in/out of. But who cares when you have the most amazing Pho in the valley (and at the best prices)? The servings are very big and everything averages about $6 a plate. Staff is very attentive and quick to deliver the goods.As you can read through the various other reviews - everyone has a favorite dish. I have a problem with gluttony so I can't suggest a single dish - I can only suggest them all. However, this place also has some of the best Salt and Pepper calamari I've ever had.
5	The best Vietnamese food in Chandler...tremendous Seafood Pho; Seafood Rice Soup is pretty amazing as well.  Huge portions and amazingly reasonable prices...go for the food it's great...tolerate the incredibly average strip mall setting...
5	Just left the restaurant , pretty decent friendly staff the food came out pretty fastWe ordered the Thai iced coffee. My brother in law who lives here had never had it before and he was impressed.  Ya gotta try it if you never had it before. I always order it in Honolulu. My wife and I ordered the combination pho. For the price it was decent. Honolulu restaurants have more meat and tripe, but again it cost $3 more there.We also ordered the steamed flounder prepared Chinese style with ginger green onions and oil and shoyu.  For the price it was great $18.My guests who had the vermicelli had to put sauce on to make it moist.  It wasn't semi moist like it should.  Maybe the noodles were prepared hours before and been sitting. Ask for extra sauce for that #25.Clean busy Would go back again.
4	Great Pho, eggrolls, spring rolls, and iced coffee.  This place is always PACKED on Saturdays around 7pm and all sorts of interesting Asian dishes are going out to tables.  If you need some good Pho, you will not be disappointed.
1	Don't go to this restaurant.  The employees are THIEVES.   My daughter left her phone on the table and went back to get it from the parking lot.  When she got back to the table the phone and the tip was gone.  The employees claimed they didn't have or see the phone.  I used Lookout security to locate the phone 4 hours later at the restaurant and returned.  When I did the employees again played innocent.  We then made the phone scream using the software.  When we did someone in the restaurant stashed the phone in the men's bathroom in the toilet brush holder (YUK).   Proof is that an employee had the phone and wouldn't give it up to me or my daughter until they couldn't silence it and had to stash it in the bathroom.  Again, nothing but a bunch of thieves work there and they'll steal from you any chance they get.
3	Average pho shop on Alma School. Cheap, quick and friendly service. All dishes are ~$7. Menu also offers vermicelli bowls and plenty of over-rice options.
1	What happened to this place?  it used to be one of my favorite places and now the food has gone way down hill. Worse, our family has gotten food poisoning the last two times they ate there so it is no more for us.  What a shame this place used to be amazing.
2	I use to like coming to this place, it was by far my favorite place to eat Pho. But the last time I went, last Sunday, I didn't care for it that much.We were seated in a corner booth next to the door on the other side, servers rushed us to order, after ordering another two severs tried rushing us to order again!?! Food was brought out pretty quick, a lot of noodles, but where did all my meat go for my combination pho?!! I asked for a little side dish to put my sauce in, never came. My drink was refilled once, it took forever to get my check, and all of a sudden where did my server(s) go? I just felt super rushed, then when I was ready to go, no one was there...
4	This is by far my favorite Viatnamese place in town. I've been going there for about 10 years now, and love it every time. I often order takeout as well, and it's always ready lightning fast!I have so many favorites, so it's difficult to make a recommendation. But the egg rolls (#1) are a must have! The spring rolls (#2) are also tasty if you're looking for something a little healthier.  For entrees, I love the chicken pho (#14) when I want something simple or the rice and egg noodle soups (#18 and #19?) when I'm looking for more variety. The noodle bowls are awesome as well--#28 is nice because they'll chop up egg rolls and put them right in your bowl. Yum! As a plus, prices for any of the above top out at around $6.95.The only thing I wouldn't recommend is getting one of Saigon's few fusion dishes--teriyaki chicken, for example. Stick to a strictly Vietnamese dish.I would score a 5/5 for sure except a friend of mine did get sick there once a few years ago. I haven't had it happen in 10 years, so it may be a fluke. Still, I figure it's good to know!
5	This place is delicious. Awesome food every time and great prices. Looks pretty divey but its fantastic. It is what it is. Will be back many times
3	This has been my go to pho spot since I moved to Chandler. Although I still think Saigon Pho is quite good and an excellent value, unfortunately I had to downgrade my rating from last year's review.Tonight I ordered 2 orders of chicken pho, 1 order of spring rolls, and a Thai iced. My total was $18.36! Now that is unbeatable price wise.Unfortunately, my Thai basil was old and brown and not a good portion. Same with the bean sprouts. And the shrimp in my spring rolls were not cleaned (you know what I mean!). EW.I know the economy is still sluggish and money is tight. But I think it would be better to up the prices slightly than serve old food. For me as a customer it is awful to expect the quality you're used to, and to open your box to find rotting sides and poopy shrimp.Disappointed tonight. Luckily, pho spots are plentiful in Chandler and I have a few bookmarked. I really hope this experience was a fluke because in my experience this place has always been great.
4	When I first pulled up, I wasn't even sure this place was open (still on  usiness). All the windows and doors are completely blacked out. But I tried the door and yay! Success.Pho is dirt cheap, and still tasty.  I opt for chicken and veggies is my Pho- which was not on menu... But they served up, no problem. Service was fast even durin flinch peak. Will be back.
4	Quick, easy, inexpensive, delicious Pho. Love the egg rolls, spring rolls, and beef pho!
5	Saigon Pho is Amazing.  My favorite dishes are the summer rolls, and the rice noodles and seafood (I think #2 and #41) My husband loves eating the beef salad.   Everything about this places is great.  It's one of those places where the food is better than the ambiance, but let me tell you, your stomach will NOT care! Happy eating!
5	This yummy Vietnamese spot never disappoints!  It's fresh and delicious.I've been here many times with family and friends (who are Vietnamese food experts) and they love it!  My boyfriend always gets the charbroiled pork and egg rolls over noodles (#24) and there is never anything left on his plate.I'm a bit more adventurous and try lots of different things.  The Pho is great and comes in a huge serving!  Yesterday I tried #37 (chinese sausage and shrimp fried rice).  Delicious.  The chinese sausage gave the dish a nice salty sweetness and the shrimp were big and plump.  The rice was cooked to perfection and had just the right amount of stickiness to it.Another great dish is the salt and pepper shrimp.  The flavoring is fantastic and the shrimp are crispy and succulent.  One of the best things about this place is the pricing!!  Dishes range from $5.95 to $6.50 with seafood running a bit more.  It is a hole in the wall kinda joint.  Do not go here if you are expecting high class furnishings and impeccable service.  The staff do their job and are nice and fast.  But it's not a high-society affair.  Food comes out fast and piping hot!
5	Amazing Pho, spring rolls, and Thai iced tea!! The place doesnt look so great from the outside, but its great food and service for a good price.
5	It's been a few months and although I've been able to try some other pho spots close by, for value, quality, and customer service, Saigon Pho wins in my book. Seems like maybe the month I downgraded them perhaps was a fluke (hopefully), because our food was excellent tonight. Fresh. And the customer service is always great here. Love this place and I'm here to stay!
5	Always packed - Always great food! Sometimes the service can be iffy but that is because they are so busy. Once you get your order in, the food comes out fast and it is amazing!
4	Went in on a Thursday evening for some pho tai. Was quickly greeted and seated and had my order taken. Got #2 spring rolls and #12 pho tai. Food was out scary quick and was good. Highly recommended and I will definitely be back.
4	Bad pho is easy to find. Pho this good is not. The menu includes almost every variety of Pho possible, including a great curry option and different noodle options. It's not fine dining, but that's not why you come here. It is clean if dated, very quick service (efficient, not polite). Well worth the trip and I'll be back. Not quite as good as Pho Bang, but much more accessible to the East Valley.
5	Was disappointed that Chandler Pho wasn't open on Tuesday when I tried to go check them out, and once I'm craving pho nothing else will do.  So I drove up to Saigon based on a friend's recommendation and since I hadn't tried it before either.Was surprised by how BIG the place is!  Looks smaller from the outside.  It was lunch time and it was packed!  I thought service would be slow, but I was pleasantly surprised when I was given water as soon as I sat down, a menu just moments later, and they came to take my order within minutes.  Did I mention the place was PACKED?Got my pho in less time than I could do an inventory of the table to make sure I had the soy sauce and sriracha I needed.  I asked for extra onions/cilantro and again, less than 2 minutes later they were at my table.  Whoa.  These people know how to be quick.  Love it.My pho was delicious.  I always get the pho ga (chicken), and this one was among the tastiest I've had.  Only knock on this place is that they have Pepsi products (blech) vs Coke products, and I didn't notice if they have beer/booze since I was there for lunch.  But otherwise it was awesome, and I will be back.
5	For East Valley, this is my favor place for Vietnamese noodles.  Saigon Pho is Amazing.  I love their egg rolls, spring rolls, and my favor dish is their rice noodles.  Every time I visit there is packed.  Very very tasty.  Outside it doesn't look anything special.  Inside is surprisingly spacious and comfortable.  They have two dinning rooms.  On the right when you get in, they have a dinning room that most of the time empty, which I actually preferred to be more quiet and enjoy my dishes with friends or family.  Thumb Up!!!
4	Saigon Pho isn't the most glamorous restaurant on the inside or outside, but when you're so hung-over from last Friday night all you really care about is downing that bowl of Pho. What I like about Saigon Pho is that the staff is very friendly while giving efficient service. I did not think the broth and the meat is in the Pho is up there with the other good Pho places I've been to, but the price is spot- 6.50 for a bowl of Pho. I believe Pho Saigon won't blow you away, but will satisfy your Pho needs at a fair price point.
5	This is still one of my two favorite Viet restaurants in AZ, this and the little food stand in the Mekong Plaza, Hue Gourmet.  My favorite here is the duck with wheat noodles.
3	This place is a lot bigger inside than it looks like from the outside.  That was kind of startling.  The food is good and I look forward to going back.  I think my ordering could have been better but what I got was enjoyable.  The service is spotty and we had to wave down our waiter whenever something was needed. The kitchen was able to turn out our order quickly though.  Everything on the menu is reasonably priced.
5	Best Vietnamese restaurant I have ever been, every plate is awesome... Best Pho!! I come to this restaurant at least twice at month ... 30 miles drive from were I live to get there all worth it !!!
5	Best pho place in the east valley and prices are fantastic. I am a huge fan of the fresh spring rolls. I ordered a seafood pho, meatball pho, shrimp fried rice, and order of fresh spring rolls for $25. Definitely a favorite!
2	We went here after purchasing a groupon.  The service was so strange.  I ordered veggie pho and substituted the noodles for extra vegetables.  My boyfriend ordered pho Thai.  When our food came out (brought out by a cook, i believe) it came with two sides of the normal pho-fixings (bean sprouts, mint, etc etc).  Well the woman, who I pesume is one of the owners and happened to be our server, quickly came over and took my plate away... Not sure why.... We didn't get refills on our drinks the whole time we were there either.  The woman just sat on her computer (right next to us).  So strange.  My pho was really bad, too. But veggie pho is a hit or miss.... The biggest disappointment was the service.
4	Great Pho. Very good prices as well. Definitely coming again!
4	This place has the best Pho in town. Actually everything here is amazing! I would of gave this place a 5 star but the servers are always unhappy. Most of the staff are very rude.
5	My husband and I were craving pho last weekend and after an unfortunate experience at another vietnamese restaurant we ended up here. I'm so glad we did! The service was quick and very friendly and the pho was the best I've had in a long time! We will definitely be back!
5	Love the food here! It's super busy during dinner hours.
5	Love this place. The staff is super friendly. The food is great. And inexpensive. Order anything from a bowl of Pho to salt and pepper shrimp and it is first rate.
4	I absolutely love this place!Good affordable Pho.  I can't really try anything else due to a fish allergy, but the PHO is awesome. The broth is light but super flavorful. The meat is tasty, and the sides are just right. 4 stars because my allergy fear keeps me from being able to try anything else.
2	Service was good here amidst a bit of a crowd but the food came hot and fast. I unfortunately didn't care much for the flavors of the spicy pho or the amount of shellfish throughout the menu (allergies.) The menu was a bit challenging to decipher but that's my problem, not theirs. I'm sure others out there may love this place, but I probably won't go back. Tummy issues....
3	I didn't love this place... I often go to UnPHOgettable in Mesa - I think I was comparing it too much. I went with a large group (6-8 ppl), we didn't have to wait too long, but were sat in the back by some hallway or something - the table was sticky - it was just off. I ordered the beef pho, it was just good. The beef was tough and didn't taste fresh. We also shared fried rice and spring rolls. The fried rice was a little bit too greasy for my taste.I recommend UnPHOgettable in Mesa - it is way better!
2	Went on a Saturday night for dinner and the place was very busy which is always a good sign.  I was there with my wife and we were waiting on my sister.  We decided to order before she got there.  Asked one of the servers to take my order but he stated that he wasn't allowed to and that he would tell one of the waitresses to come over.  Waited for another 15 min until she came and took our order.  My sister came about 1 min later and put her order in after waiting 10 min.  To my surprise her food came out before mine.  I had to wait another 10 min until I got my food.  Unacceptable.  One thing that they can do to avoid all of this is to hire more help or to allow the bus boys/water boys to take the orders during busy hours.  The food was decent but the customer service was awful.
1	The service here was horrible. From the moment we began ordering our server seemed to have a chip on her shoulder. When we got our food it wasn't exactly what we thought so we asked to send it back. The server was increasingly rude after this and continued to tell me that it was what I ordered. As a consumer, all I was looking for was an apology and new plate of food. Our server never returned and instead a new one arrived and proceeded to slam our plates down on the table. I can easily say I will never return and will encourage others to not even bother going! Save your time and money... Not worth it!
4	Very good restaurant.  Soup, noodle,  and rice dishes are all excellent.  Spring rolls excellent.  Service was great even when the restaurant was packed.
4	My boyfriend and I were on a hunt for good pho in AZ, as California natives we are a bit picky.  Our taste buds were searching for the home taste we miss so dearly.  Finally we found Saigon Pho! We got the saigon special and regular pho tai.  The broth was very clear and the meats were not too tough.  I'm comparing this to UnPHOgettable, seems that place had a lot of good reviews but we aren't fans.  We also got the porkchop rice plate, the porkchop was very moist and not dry.  Service is kind of slow but its a HUGE place! My favorite was they give you oxtail in the saigon special which a lot of places don't.
4	Put your head down and get your slurp on!Went for lunch today. Ordered the shrimp and veggiespring rolls as an appetizer. I don't know why I do that, the soup is enough for two. My pho choice was #17 Spicy beef (Hu Tieu Sate). Lots of flavors in this one and it has the big wide noodles, very filling. The restaurant is pretty big with lots of tables. They were almost at capacity @Noon. Service was friendly. Great value at $5.95 for the soup. This is not strictly a pho joint. They have a variety on thier menu, check the website.Would not hesitate to go back if in the area.
5	So good! So, so good. I've liked everything I've had, especially #23 -- fried tofu with rice noodles. One note -- if you eat in and you value good-tasting water, avoid theirs; it's just plain GROSS.
4	I always order the number 11 with a number 2. YUMMY! The food is good, but the service can be terrible at times.
1	We always eat here when we crave Saigon Pho. Today was the last we eat here. Here's why .We ate with 2 other families. One of the families got their order wrong. Instead of apologizing,  the server kept pointing at the menu telling them that they got what they ordered. Then, my friend found a dead fly in his food. Disappointed friend talked to another  server about it. You know what the server said instead of simply apologizing?  She said "you sit by the door so the fly must have gotten in and on your food." My friend's wife said that the fly was already under the food.  Server replied, "no, no, no, no!" She should have just apoligized so they could have moved on. They even had the audacity to charge them for the plate with the dead fly. My friends paid for it anyways. I could tell that they were trying to get rid of us. The other server gave our check even though we were still eating. He kept coming back for it thinking I would put my card on the bill. Later,  I see a server putting a shaved ice desert on our table. We didn't accept it. My friend said the damage has been done. All they needed was an apology,  but instead, the rude server kept on with her attitude.  Finally, the couple asked for the number of their manager. Rude server was upset. These people need to learn about customer service and ethics. I never make reviews.  When I do, it's  something everyone has to know about.
1	Update: Remember the friend thand had eaten the food with a fly? Well, today his wife just told me he has been going to the bathroom all day. I think he got food poison? They're going to be reported to the Department of Health, Chandler City, and BBB.--------We always eat here when we crave Saigon Pho. Today was the last we eat here. Here's why .We ate with 2 other families. One of the families got their order wrong. Instead of apologizing,  the server kept pointing at the menu telling them that they got what they ordered. Then, my friend found a dead fly in his food. Disappointed friend talked to another  server about it. You know what the server said instead of simply apologizing?  She said "you sit by the door so the fly must have gotten in and on your food." My friend's wife said that the fly was already under the food.  Server replied, "no, no, no, no!" She should have just apoligized so they could have moved on. They even had the audacity to charge them for the plate with the dead fly. My friends paid for it anyways. I could tell that they were trying to get rid of us. The other server gave our check even though we were still eating. He kept coming back for it thinking I would put my card on the bill. Later,  I see a server putting a shaved ice desert on our table. We didn't accept it. My friend said the damage has been done. All they needed was an apology,  but instead, the rude server kept on with her attitude.  Finally, the couple asked for the number of their manager. Rude server was upset. These people need to learn about customer service and ethics. I never make reviews.  When I do, it's  something everyone has to know about.
4	The four stars is definitely for the Vietnamese Pho! They have several types with the curry base as well and all I really good.The Thai iced tea is also excellent.However the other food we ordered wasn't so tasty. The best thing by far are the soups.So overall it's great food at a great price. So that's why give it four stars. I almost gave it three stars but I remembered how good the soup was :)
5	My favorite restaurant in Chandler, hands down!
5	Very reasonable prices for excellent, largely portioned food! Favorite pho place by far.
3	So this is the 3rd Vietnamese restaurant I've tried in AZ. I guess 3rd time is a charm. Pretty close to what I'm used to in San Diego but still San Diego has the best PHO, spring rolls and Vietnamese coffee ever! They were really friendly and attentive . Good size pho , spring rolls were good but portion too small. Vietnamese coffee was not bad. Prices were good not over priced like all the other places in AZ.
5	Went in tonight with my wife and the place was packed. We were seated in 5 minutes max and were served our drinks immediately. Our server took our order and apologized in advance because she said the kitchen was a bit behind. 10 minutes later our order was served and the waitress refilled our drinks several times. The pho was good and there was plenty. We are from Northern Cal and I have been to plenty of Vietnamese restaurants and I would put this one up there with my favorites now.
2	I came here with a large group with about 20 people so we had two tables.  The 2nd table ordered their dinner first and seemed to get all of their dishes within 10 to 15 minutes of ordering.  However, the table I was at ordered about 5 to 10 minutes after our other table, but it took like 30 minutes for our food to come out.  The server taking our order was distracted the whole time while taking our order.  Each table ordered the Spring Rolls, Beef Chow Fun, House Special Fried Rice, Crispy Fried 1/2 Chicken, and Fish Filet Special Sauce.  Our table also ordered the spicy green beans.  The other table also ordered the BBQ Beef.  In general all the food was pretty good probably a 5 but the portion sizes leave a lot to be desired.  I as well as some other in my party had been here before noticed that the portion sizes were noticeably smaller.  In addition the lady waiting our table messed up our spring roll order for fried egg rolls and blamed it in us with an attitude (maybe if she wasn't soo distracted), though she corrected the problem.  Our other table ordered a second order of Fish Filet with Special Sauce after they had eaten theirs and asked how long it would take for the second order.  The server said 5-7 minutes--it took almost 30 minutes!!Maybe it's just me, but most of my experiences at Chinese/Vietnamese/Asian restaurants within the past few years just seem to be bad.  Maybe my below average expectations at these types of restaurants have to be so low that everything will be good.  Though I don't think I should have to lower my expectations at Asian restaurants because I've also been to American and Mexican restaurants with mostly good experiences.
4	I have been coming back to this place with my friends couple times. The pho here is decent. I always get the beef pho which comes with several parts of beef. The soup base is pretty good! The restaurant is pretty dark and always there are people eating every time I entered here which is good sign. If you are looking for the decent price meal, i would come here for some lunch!
4	The service is usually terrible, but the food has always been good.  I really like the broth in their Pho.
3	I had congee and it was a bit mediocre to me. I would come back just to get a quick meal, but not really spend much time because the service was ehh too.
5	My favorite pho place!I love coming here to study and have a good quick bowl of pho. Their portions are great and their prices are the best. Service is great as well -- every time I go I overhear the servers all chummy with their tables, so clearly they have many regulars, and I am definitely one of them now!I love their string beans with ground pork as well, a big whole plate of them for just $5.95. One odd thing though, for the past couple of months, they have not had jalapenos to serve with the pho. Instead, they use little thai chilis. Not sure why they stopped using jalapenos but in the off-chance they read these reviews, please start buying jalapenos again!! lol
1	This place is dirty I feel like my food was recycled.  The service was bad. I asked for a lot of lemons they gave me two slices(dry slices) I had to clean my chopsticks and spoons.
5	You can't beat this place. Excellent food, fast service and the price is very reasonable.
3	I have only had the pho here and this place is good in comparison to the rest of the pho places around, but definitely not the best pho I've had because I moved here from LA.  One of my complaints about this place is that it inconsistent.  I've come here before and had great pho and then on other days I've come and the noodles were too soggy and I would get more of one meat than another in my soup.  Also, I think they overcook their tendon so it's a little too mushy for my liking.  The veggies that come on the side are often not fresh, with the jalapenos looking a little old and withered, and the waitresses are always a little off-putting when you ask them for extra sides.  If you want some authentic pho this is a good place to try, but I just don't think the quality is all there.
5	We went there on Friday dinner time. As usual as the other places, this place was busy. The customer service was phenomenal. We ordered spring rolls first. Yummy!! you can enjoy this tasty dish three different ways; hot sauce, sweet peanut sauce and Asian sweet sauce. We always get Pho as the title indicates, but this time, we got Beef and Basil Chow Fu noodle and stir fried vegetable tofu over rice. There were delicious. We had no regret ordering from the individual dish. Although we only got two dishes, we were satisfied with the quality. We would order those individual dish in the future as well.
4	Good food, excellent service!! A+
5	I apologize but I reviewed the wrong restaurant as you can see by my picture. I am sure that this is a great restaurant which I will have to visit soon.
5	This place is a little bit of a dive but in a weird way it is unique and good.  It may take some getting used to it but once you do, you'll get the hang of it and like it the way I do.  My husband introduced this to me and what pho is about.  Their other dishes are good too.  Try the basil chicken with another entre like mixed vegetables, it is really good especially , if your sharing because portions are big.  The waiting staff hardly speaks English so it is best to order straight from the menu without a lot of changes. Again, for a mom and pop Vietnamese type place without the fuss, this is good.
5	Usual start off with the shrimp spring rolls.   I always get the sliced beef pho #12.  Wife will usually get the sliced chicken breast pho.   We got the #40 to share which is shrimp with fried with noodles and veggies. Everything we get had great taste. We usual come to this place for pho.  We think this is the best on this side of town.  The portions are big and the prices are pretty cheap.  The service is ok. They are right to the point.  Sit here, throw you a couple menus and some water, come back in a few minutes to take you're order.  Not a lot of chit chat.  This is fine with me as I'm there to eat. Try the thai iced tea.  It's delish.
5	The best pho and spring rolls in chandler! This is my go to pho place.
3	Great price but was lacking...The shrimp vegetable roll was delicious for an appetizer. Had the veggie pho, but wasn't as awesome as I had hoped it'd be based on previous reviews. The vegetables were good, but the broth was not the best. Between two dinners and an appetizer, it came to about $16 for me & a friend. Very convenient location but think I'd definitely make the journey to my favorite spot across town for the broth alone.
3	Been craving on Pho for some time now, and so i decided to invite a friend to this place for her first Pho ever and my first Pho in three years. Saigon Pho is a neat small Vietnamese restaurant located conspicously from its flashy bar neighbors Iguana Mack and Dos Gringos.I was feeling beefy and brave that day so i got the #10 (thank you Yelp reviewers, nice choice), brave btw is for the portion of an uncooked beef on my hot soup, which i didn't eat but added a distinct flavor. #14 Chicken broth is spot-on good broth (which i got on another day). Shrimp and vegetable rolls or egg rolls are crunchily delicious if you are up for an appetizer.Now it is true that a full bodied beef broth is flavorful and it is what makes a Pho stands out, but i have to say for the purpose of eating healthy, the more flavor there is the more fat and calories, not to mention the sodium if it has one, there are in the beef broth. This one, though, falls a tad short on the flavor, so i just season it, a good thing because it gives me a choice without compromising the freshness of the bean sprouts and mint. My friend and i stayed here for about thirty minutes on a Sunday afternoon and although they don't have a maximum customers, i notice the waiters are hovering around our table a lot as if they wanted us to leave, which i think is the only negative experience i have with this place.Three stars and i would most likely come back.
5	Why have I not been here before? In 3.5 years of living in Arizona, I have been searching for a legit Vietnamese restaurant and this is finally it! We ordered the duck egg noodle soup and the pork chop, shrimp, beef broken rice. Oh man. The flavors were on point! The broth of the soup was flavorful and yummy. The egg noodles were thin and just the right consistency. The duck was tender and juicy. Warms your belly! All the meats in the rice dish were well seasoned and awesome!Service was super fast and efficient. I appreciate attentive staff that make sure you get everything you need.Definitely will be back to try more dishes!! :)
5	I have lived 2 blocks from this place for a year and have not tried it until a friend brought my boyfriend and I here for lunch about 2 weeks ago. We have been back 4 times since! The food is amazing, the service is fast and friendly and the prices are very low. So far we have ordered the #12 pho which is great, perfect flavor, comparable to LA pho. The spring rolls are very fresh, large and delicious. The beef and basil chow fun and spicy sate beef are also amazing dishes. Great flavor and good portions for the price. Also try the thai tea! Very refreshing and delicious! Every visit has been a positive experience.  I cannot wait to try more of the menu.
4	After being there three time I guess I could give it 4 stars.  Their food were good. Prices were cheaper than other places that I have been . Service was fast as fast food.  Plenty of waitresses to wait on you on weekday. But on the weekend they may forget that  you are there.
4	The food is consistently good here over the years.  Service isn't always so great and though this sounds bad, I just don't expect good service at any Asian places that really cater to real Asians.Our large extended family sometimes comes here and gets 2 large tables and just chows down.  Everything is really good.  I really love the Beef Pho, their spring rolls, their eggrolls.  I can't think of all the things we've eaten here, but it's all good if you can stand subpar service.  If the service were more like at a Caucasian restaurant, I would give it 5 stars.
4	The food is always great. Full of flavor and the meat is tender. Everything we have tried is great. Some of the things we like is the salt and pepper calamari. Recommend #40 order it with crispy noodles and what ever meat you like. Pho  is always good too. Or the vermicelli noodles with pork chops and grilled shrimp.
2	I have periodically visited Saigon Pho on Alma School for the last four years.  Today, our visit was disappointing.   When I asked our server to please use a clean wok when preparing my meal due to my nuts allergies, she seemed to be offended by my request. ( I've asked on prior visits with no problems.)I was made to feel, by this server, that they have high sanitation standards.  As much as I was hoping this was true,  my friend's spoon for the iced coffee had arrived with dried cilantro baked to it.   My other companion's Pho bowl had come with dried dark sauce on the exterior.  Mmmmm, not my idea of clean.  The server was sarcastic but we were there to have a nice dinner.  My entree tasted okay but the meat was chewy and cold.  The rest of my foodie group enjoyed their dishes but now I will just stick to Cyclo and Chandler Pho for my Vietnamese cravings and pleasant service.
5	Saigon Pho on Alma School in Chandler should never be compared to anyone else using that name. We went there last night for the thousandt time and still loved the food, menus and taste. This place is a clean no frills friendley and fast service restaurant. Not only is the food terrific it taste good and almost everything on the menu is under $7.00. Yeah I said $7.00 it  not a typo. We had an opening of fried Salt and Pepper Squid or (Calamari) for you Italainas and of course iot was tender and crispy with a geneous portion. I also had to order the Saigon Noodle soup that has Oxtail, Tendons and meatballs which sounds weird but taste out of this world. That bowl in itself is hard for a big guy to finish. That was $6.50. Ridiculously affordable as I could see with whole familie od 12 eating in the next didning area.Depending on the day they also can have live lobster, Tilapia, Crab and so on.Not all the food is made with Oxtails or Tendons so if you not adventurous there's plenty to choose from thta well worth ordering. Try The Cuury Chicken soup with Chicken, Curried Brith, Basil, Bean Srouts and Jalepenos. Way over the top, Huge and oh so delicious. This is one little restaurant  thats worth the drive from wherever you are.
4	OK so call me a sucker but I went back because it was Monday and several of my other "go-to" lunch spots were closed. Much to my surprise, Saigon Pho is BACK!After a horrible dip in quality, something happened and the food is back up to par as it had always been in the years prior.  I've now been back four times just to confirm my finding and each time it has been great.  I could not be happier because after trying so many places, nobody matches the broth of their pho.  Welcome back Saigon Pho.  You have sorely been missed.
5	The food and value at Saigon, bar none is a 10 for me.  I love the sliced beef pho #12 which I must order with an order of spring rolls.  The soup is always hot and fast with fresh sprouts, lime, and basil.  As for the spring rolls, well I have an addiction to these fried egg rolls wrapped in romaine lettuce and mint.  On occasion I will splurge and order a fresh drip ice coffee--a nice finish to a good meal.  The service is swift and mildly courteous which is fine by me only because the food is exceptional!
5	My favorite place to treat being sick, hungover or just really hungry. The menu is good size without being overwhelming like other places. My personal favorites are the spring rolls, the fresh sliced beef rice noodle pho and the basil fried rice.
4	Best Vietnamese food i have had in the phoenix area. Its all about the #17 (spicy beef noodle soup) and #2 (spring rolls), have to get these almost every time now. Other food is good as well, with some i have seen that just seem ok but they have so many options i wouldn't order those anyway.Place is a little old inside but can be overlooked for the taste and value. And they are quick, so good option for lunch.
4	They have excellent food at a great price! I usually get a 43 (Beef and Basil Chow Fun) and another dish to go with it. It will last me 2 meals and usually for around $15.   I usually get to-go and it is very fast and a quick in and out. However, when eating in the service is not great. They are ALWAYS busy no matter the day or time, so it's hard to get good service, but once your order is taken it's not a super long wait, the wait is to get your order taken. Other than that, refilling water/drinks is sub-par, usually have to ask for it. However, the great food and prices make up for what the service lacks.
5	Pho is my favorite and this place does it well! The spring rolls are amazing! I love that you get the Carrot infused fish sauce to dip the hot crunchy rolls in! Amazing! And getting a vat of soup is nothing to complain about either! I always get the #1 and the #12. The #12 is the Fresh Slices Beef Pho, through some jalapenos and lime juice in there and eat up! Mm Mm Mmmm!!
5	I have lunch at Saigon Pho a couple of times a month.  I usually have some type of Pho in the winter and Bun cold rice noodles in the summer.  Both very good.  The Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls are also a nice starter.  I would also recommend their version of Sweet and Sour Chicken, done in a light sauce and you get plenty for the price.  Another tasty dish that is kind of hidden on the menu is the Green Been with Sausage.  Really good food at a really good prices!
5	I ate pho almost every week for 5 years in Richardson, TX. That town has the highest number of Vietnamese people of any city in Texas. So I know pho.I haven't lived in Arizona for long, but to my knowledge, this is, by far, the best pho restaurant (of the 4 I've been to) in the Phoenix area. For a fact, only La Me is the only Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to that is THIS good and it's not even namely a pho restaurant.My opinion is based on the overall combination of quality and creativity of the food, restaurant, price.
5	Anything you get here is good, trust me! And they have very good prices... Can't beat that!  My personal fav's:#10 w/no meatballs#25 #41 (i think) crispy noodlesSalt & pepper squid w/rice
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE! Waited 20 mins for food. Had to ask waitress for water and she stared at my husband for the longest time and then said, "yea" after he had to ask her again while pointing to the water. It was ridiculous! Got our food and it was the wrong order. The pho noodles were not even soft and were hard. When I went to complain to the head waitress on duty, all she said was, "ok ok ok ok". No "thank you" not "I'm sorry!!" NOTHING!! It was HORRIBLE service!!!!!!!!!!
4	Very good food; beef chow fun, fried tofu and fried rice
5	Been here many times and the food is good the prices are affordable and the service is outstanding the place is busy every time I go in so you know the food is good
3	I forgot to edit this review!  I had lunch with Christine at Saigon a couple of weeks after my 4/4/2014 visit and had a better experience.
5	This is a staple in local eateries.  We love the spring rolls and you can't beat the service here.  You'll never have an empty water or have to wait long for your food.  I tried multiple crab dishes here as well for dinner and they were delicious.
5	Had a friend introduce me to this place and had the PHO and it was delicious . Huge serving all the trimmings and at a very nice price. Service was good and we had our fill. will definitely be returning for the PHO more often
5	The best Vietnamese food on the east side! My fave dishes in no particular order are:Appetizers:-Pork egg rolls not like Chinese egg rolls but 10 times better! Comes in 2 with the romaine lettuce and mint leaves to wrap it all up ready to dip in that pungent yet flavorful saltiness fish sauce -nig mum sauce. -Vietnamese shrimp & veggie rolls made of shrimp, vermicelli noodles, mint leaves, cilantro and sprouts. This is dipped in the peanut hoisin sauce. Yummy! Rice dish:- charbroiled beef and shrimp with egg cake over rice dish. The beef is marinated really well and tenderized to anyone's liking. Comes with their pickled shreds and slices of cabbage, cucumber and carrots. Again, the nig mum sauce to pour all over the dish. -charbroiled curry chicken and lemongrass over rice. Strong flavors make this dish tasty!-house special fried rice was an all around great staple for those that are afraid to try anything new. Mix in a bit of Siracha sauce for a little kick. Pho (soup)-Saigon beef rice noodle soup aka pho. An assortment of beef and its counterparts. Such a nice comfort soup especially on a rainy day!
5	Im a pho snob and I give this place a 5. The spring and egg rolls are excellent as well. There may be a wait but its well worth it. There are 2 bars next to the resturant so its an easy way to kill tine :-).
4	Oh Saigon Pho, how I've missed you! My favorite of Vietnamese restaurants, so good no amount of scraping off that hateful cilantro will make me stop coming here. Only losing a star for adding this new egg cake thing to my plate (kind of yucky, really). But the braised beef and shrimp is still great. And no one else has the crunchy pickled veggies I've become so accustomed to. If only you would open a location in Phoenix!Two years living in the land of zero Vietnamese food was enough. I know where to get my fix now. :)
3	I've eaten here at Saigon a few good times but never by choice.  Mr. W.'s family loves it here but I really don't care for the place. The servers [and owner too I believe] are all Chinese who love to stand around and gossip about their patrons.  Don't be fooled by their friendly smiles.  They talk a lot of smack.  I ran into my mom's hair stylist friend whom I've known since birth once and who is also my grandmother's god-daughter when a nosy waitress walks up to me as soon as she left and asks me if her ring was real with the snobbiest attitude.  Okay, excuse you.  Go away you rude old woman.  The food is mediocre at best but it's super cheap eats.  You get a lot of noodles for your pho and plenty of herbs and condiments but the broth is bland.  The spring rolls are served a bit warmer than I feel safe but their egg rolls are delicious.  I'll probably be stuck coming here again and again because of Mr. W.'s family but I'll always eat it with a pained smile.
3	I have been coming here with my family for many years now. I love their food and prices but is it me or do they put less meat in their pho now? I wanted to get their special pho a few times before actually writing up a review. Each time, I was left with much less meat then there use to be, yet the price is still the same? I feel like there is only noodles and perhaps 3-5 pieces of meat. Really? Please don't be so cheap. I am sure you can add more meat, after all, I did order the meat combo special. The broth use to be something to be desired but it is now more bland then ever. Don't be fooled my fellow yelpers, there are far plenty places around town that have more pungent and flavorful pho with MEAT (I mean, if you're into that). They've gotten better at filling up our waters, thank goodness because it use to be God awful when they'd never come by to fill your water and you'd have to LITERALLY chase them down just so they can fill a tiny cup with water. Their bean and jelly sweets are great. Thai tea is wonderful. And the price is just right.
4	When you gaze upon it the aesthetic of the piece has a simplistic almost minimalistic feel to it. But on second glance, you realize the work of art is a masterpiece. It has tons of details with eye catching colors. The lines flow so fluidity. Some may say the work could have come from the pre-Raphaelite era while others argue it could be comparable to postmodernism. However when the piece is placed juxtaposed with a similar piece it is easy to see the differences. It doesn't end there with the visual appeal but it arouses the other senses invoking emotional reactions to it. For me i felt the warmth and comfort which followed but the tingling of my taste and nerves. Yes i am talking about Saigon's pho. It is a masterpiece, a work of art.
5	Everything on the menu has been a must eat so far! Love their curry chicken and fish with Saigon special sauce. Spicy basil chicken and teriyaki chicken is good too. A must go place if you are in Chandler.
4	Love this place. If you are non-Vietnamese you will be in the minority if you go there -- which is a good sign I assume.Tonight was our 3rd visit. Good family style restaurant that is reasonably priced and quick service.We have the pork and shrimp, the beef and shrimp, and the salt and pepper shrimp. Excellent every time!
5	Another one of my favorite places to eat.  Very large dining rooms and tables to accommodate large parties. I live right up the street and frequent here.  I order the 12 a lot and if I remember right the 41 (beef dish)  is really good as well.   Love the shrimp spring rolls and the Thai tea.  Lots of great food,  great service,  great place to eat.
5	We've been coming here for years. My mom was such a regular they would bring her egg rolls before she ever ordered them. I highly recommend the summer rolls with tofu and the fried spring rolls to start. They are delicious. The summer rolls are light and tasty and the spring rolls are also light, with great crunch and no grease flavor. My favorite rolls in AZ. I get the number 25, vermicelli noodles with beef and a spring roll. I like the peanut sauce but I don't do the fish sauce. They also have a delicious spicy beef with sticky rice. Those are my go to orders. My mom loves the pork vermicelli with egg roll and their fish sauce. Haven't had the pho, but this place is usually packed and pho seems to be the most ordered item. The service is quick and not overly friendly, but they are patient and never make you feel rushed. The prices are amazing too! Try it, you'll like it.
5	This is by far my favorite Vietnamese restaurant.. Pho is great, and so are the egg rolls. Very reasonably priced. The good is always fresh, and comes out quickly.Customer service has improved a lot since the last time I was here. I probably come here twice a month. It's not that the service was bad... It just wasn't friendly. They would take your order-bring you water, then your food, and you would never see anyone again. If you needed something, you'd have to get up and seek someone out, which seemed to annoy them. Now, they have someone check on you constantly, not too much.. Just enough, and the girls are much friendlier. Because of their kindness, this place is now a five star in my book.
5	I was very impressed by this place.  The food was out standing (had the eggrolls and #14), the service was super quick, the portions were big and the price was perfect.  The place was clean and the atmosphere was great.  I can't wait to go back again.
5	I am a fan, the food is always great and in good portions at a very reasonable price, service is friendly and fast.  My favorites are the salt and pepper squid and the beef and basil chow fun.
3	First time here was great and since then service quality and cleanliness has continue to lack . Dirty Tables , dirty cups a couple and inconsistent portions and quality. Had 4 people waiting on us so it was a joke they thought they where quicker but it caused confusion. Taste also changes from the few times we have been in. Chicken and rice this time taste like mush and chicken. Really like this place but the Pho at times is mixing ingredients and we have to ask or send back .. not what I like when paying to eat out
1	I will admit the food is good, the service is as quick as a fast food drive thru restaurant. Eventhough the service was quick, it was very unfriendly, I guess that's the price you have to pay for quick service. Another thing, they are not kid friendly. If you have kids under the age of 15 years old, do not take them there. My 1 year old was playing with chopsticks and dropped them on the floor, the lady cleaning of the tables, picked them up and ran away with them, never to be seen again. She never brought us another pair of chopsticks to replace the ones she took. Of course, we didn't need them, my wife was using a fork and I was using my chopsticks. I think they didn't like my kid playing with the chopsticks, so that may be why they took them away and didn't bring us an extra pair. In conclusion, I would eat there again, but only carry out. I will never sit there and eat. There is too many other restaurants out there, to have to settle on such an unfriendly place.
3	Love the fried fish and lobster!!!! The soups are okay ! They're seafood dish are better !!
3	TL;DRAbovu average food, very very slow services.We had dinner here on Tuesday night, not exactly busy. The food is good. But the services is beyond slow. We waited at least 15, if not 20 before they come to order the food. We rall the waiter and they just refer us to someone else. We order 2 pho, and the spring roll. Interestingly the pho got here before the spring. The worse part is we have to wait another 20mins, call the waiter three times before we get the bill
5	This probably might be the only favorite Pho spot I have ate at in Arizona so far.  I feel like there is definitely more to try on the menu for sure thats undiscovered by me quite yet but its just so hard to stray from the known and true.  I am not a fan of tendons tripe etc etc.  Keep it pretty simple with the strips of beef and meat balls. As well as the egg rolls number one or two on the menu I believe.  I also love how affordable they are and can always just hop skip and jump across the street when I am not feeling well to get some soup.  If you have not been...I urge you to go...NOW!
5	My wife and I have been here several times. At least once a week. I asked her today she said like 44 times. Probably not that much but it definitely is worth the 5 star rating. Service. The price. And now for the food: Sliced beef Pho. Spring rolls. Beans with minced pork. Chicken curry is also a must try. Come here and you won't be disappointed.
2	This has been bookmarked for a while because I am on a hot search for the BEST PHO in PHOenix. I was finally on the Chandler side of life over the weekend, so I excitedly stopped into Saigon Pho to get a take out order of Veggie Pho.The place was PACKED when I arrived, which I took as a great sign. I literally had to carefully pick my way through the packed tables to get to the back of the restaurant to place an order.I was never greeted or acknowledged, but stood there awkwardly for a few minutes until I finally stopped someone and asked if I could place an order to go. I ordered vegetable pho and waited.I waited by the scary lobster tank in the back that I am positive Chef Ramsay would find appalling. I know it made me queasy quite a few times.I was not given any utensils with my to go order, so again I had to wait another awkward few minutes to finally flag someone down to get chopsticks (seriously, who can eat pho without chopsticks, am I right?)When I arrived home with my long awaited taste of pho...I was disappointed. It was 80% broth, 10 % noodles, 5% vegetables (literally 4 pieces of broccoli and two slices of carrot) and 5% sprouts, onions,basil.  I was still hungry after I finished all five bites of my meal and had to scrounge around my house to find something else to eat.Will not be back, but glad I can say I tried another place...the search for the best PHO in the valley is still on!
5	For the price you can not beat this place.., ordered take out about 5 times.. I order the pho tai for $6 (last couple times I did extra meat because I like a lot of the shredded beef)Their spring rolls are really really good and fresh Their egg rolls are my favorite! They are skinnier and crispy Don't order basil chicken as an entree (portion is huge but very plain)
