5	No one likes going to the dentist, but I really don't mind when I go here. When I first moved to Phoenix I was lost when choosing a dentist so I just found one online. I went to a visit and I felt like I was constantly being sold treatments that I didn't even need. Then I found Scottsdale Dental Studio and I was very pleased with the great service and friendly staff. If you need a dentist give this place a try :)
5	I found the doctor at Scottsdale Dental Studio to be honest and straightforward.The staff was excellent, the office was meticulous and the prices were affordable. I would recommend this office.
5	These guys are awesome, I used to go to their other location in Phoenix, but I moved to Scottsdale recently and thought I'd give this office a try.  The staff is super friendly and I feel like I get very personalized care.  I have my whole family coming now too.
5	5 star service from the moment you walk-in until you leave. I highly recommend Dayna as a Dental Hygienist, she is caring and gentle while also making sure you get an excellent cleaning every time. Debra at the front desk is always on top of reminding me about my appointments which is very helpful with my busy schedule. I've seen two dentists here and both were excellent. Check out Scottsdale Dental Studio, you will not be disappointed.
5	This is the best dentist office I've ever been to hands down. The facility is always pristine. Every single one of the staff is amazing, very friendly and personable. I have seen both dentist here and they were both friendly, professional and knowledgeable. I will never go to any other dentist office again. I highly recommend this place.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Gilbertson for 5 years now.  He is very personable and easy to talk to. I am pleased with his staff and glad he was able to establish a successful partnership with Scottsdale Dental Studio.
5	The people in this office cares. I've been here as well as my daughter. The Doctors are great. Everyone is so friendly every time we visit.  I had the best dental experiences here. I've had crowns and plan on cleanings and fills here in the near future. I brought my daughter and she was very comfortable with the staff. Thank you.
5	All I have to say is THANK GOODNESS for Scottsdale Dental Studio. I had to get a root canal done on Friday 10/17/14. I went to a specialist who did a good job but, let me know that I would have to go elsewhere within two weeks to get a crown put on. This would not be an issue if I was not going out of town next week. I panicked and this is where Scottsdale Dental Studio saved the day.I found Scottsdale Dental Studio online with a special they were offering. I called Diana and she went over crown options on the phone and got me an appointment for just two hours later (ON A FRIDAY). Many places could not get me in so I was extremely thankful this appointment could be set up on such short notice. Upon entering the lobby area, the spacious room was very welcoming. There were different books and magazines to look through, the leather couches were quite comfy to sit on, and they had waters and a Keurig ready. I was still numb from the root canal otherwise I would have been all over that! I only waited the amount of time that it took me to fill out the paperwork. When I got taken back, they had a TV in the room that was right by my chair. It  made my nerves ease up a bit- there is always something about HGTV that does that.  Anyways, the dental assistant/hygienist was very nice and let me know what to expect.  I had to get a temporary crown first and then in a few weeks I will get my custom permanent crown on. Dr. Badyal came in and the whole process started. He was very polite and gentle since he knew I literally just had a root canal. He seemed to be a perfectionist (which is GREAT since most everyone wants nice looking teeth). We had to do a few prints of my teeth. The gunk and bitter taste were the only things that I could've done without, but they are just a norm with crowns. Dr. Badyal did a wonderful job and I cannot wait to go get my permanent crown on Nov. 7! I must also say, Diana was so awesome to go over payment options with me. I will not have dental insurance until Jan. 1. It was very great that they worked with me and I did not have to be charged the whole payment upfront.Scottsdale Dental Studio is professional, friendly, and  thorough in their practice. I definitely recommend this great facility for all of your dental needs.
5	My first visit to Scottsdale Dental Studio was fantastic! Everyone was so nice, the staff was very professional and made my care feel very personal. Dr. Gilbertson was really great! He made me feel relaxed and comfortable and completely put my nerves at ease. I would absolutely recommend Scottsdale Dental Studio and Dr. Gilbertson to anyone looking for kind and professional dental care.
