4	Just want to send a shout out for NVP Autowerks. We recently had to take our Ford 250 Diesel in for repair.  It had a hard start when the truck was cold.  Riley (the mechanic) diagnosed the issue first thing in the morning, and to our surprise, it wasn't even the problem we expected.  It turned out to be the Fuel Control Module.  That said, we were offered 3 different options for repair (solder old part, replace with Ford Part, replace with BETTER after market part).  We chose to replace the part, and Riley had it ordered and installed within 1.5 days.  It's run like a charm ever since. We were particularly surprised when Riley did a follow-up call just to ensure everything was running fine.  Excellent customer service!! Our Ford is really starting to get broken in, and hence, we have more repairs ahead of us.  We will definitely be going back to NVP!
4	I really have to tell everyone that you'll want to use NVP, I had an issue with my rack and pinion on my van not to long ago. Riley and his workers are very honest, upfront and they fixed it for way cheaper than my dealership and what other mechanic's were wanting to charge.I plan to have more work done by nvp and if you are looking for an honest, reliable, trustworthy mechanic ...then this is your choice. You'll be happy.
4	These guys are great!  Take good care of my 2002 Ford Exploder and don't treat me like a girl :-)  Go see them
5	Brought my son's Civic in for service.  They had it in & out the same day! Very cool guys- Super HAPPY!! Thanks so much!!
5	NVP Autowerks came to the rescue when the brake line on my daughters truck blew she also had to have the main seal replaced. They came all the way to central Phoenix to pick up her truck. They even stayed after hours to finish her truck so she would have it for when she got off work that night. (And didn't charge after hour rates) Thank you NVP Autowerks for great service every time.
5	I can't express enough how grateful I am that I found NVP Autowerks. After taking my car to 3 national chain autoshops where I was told "this & that" was wrong and it will be a bajillion dollars to fix it, I found NVP Autowerks and they discovered what I was told originally needed repaired didn't need repaired at all! (other things did need repaired, but not the items I had been told by the other shops) And NVP didn't charge me a bajillion dollars for the repairs! They charged a very fair & reasonable price and provided me a level of trust I have not had in years, if ever, with a mechanic.They have gone above and beyond to help me with the issues my '02 BMW X5 has been experiencing but most importantly, they stand firmly behind their work .
