4	Sure, I go to play the vintage arcade games, but I love the pizza too (cooked on a stone, on a conveyor belt, as advertised). Rossi's also has ice cream.  I love being able to play these old games for just a quarter and pinball for 50 cents. I recently had my birthday party there, and everyone had a great time.Fair warning on the temperatures... Even with the addition of a A/C in the back room it gets really hot in the back room.I'm looking forward to winter when the heat  won't be an issue.Fair warning on the games... The games are old and do break down. They are regularly maintained, and new games are being frequently added, but as long as you don't have your heart set on just playing one game, you'll always walk out with pockets empty of coin and a smile on your face.
4	Go for the games, stay for the pizza?  I would say the opposite, but I could always throw down on some Rampage.  I loved Rossis when they had zero  video games and they existed on the underside of Rossario's.  The pizza is fantastic here; stone cooked with interesting combos (wangs cap, swiss pig), friendly service, daily specials and coupons that make you want to try other items; bosco sticks & lasagna. Home alone on a Sunday, but still want to watch football, eat some good food and have a beer?  Sunday's special is fantastic (it's big for one, but leftovers are great) and I would highly recommend meatballs as a topping.  While they 'talk' back to me a little later, they are amazing.I also appreciate the humor in their tag line of "triangles or squares, we have the technology"  LOL  Great spirited group and they remember what customer service is and how to provide it.  Thank you for being in Monona - We love you!
4	Decent pizza, awesome arcade games and environment.
5	This place effing rules.I brought my nephew here after school on a Friday after school while visiting for the weekend, because I'm the dopest aunt ever. It ruled!There are two game rooms and they have all the popular classics. The machines are in pretty fantastic condition, although we did have about three quarters eaten by machines.We ordered pizza and these cheese breadstick things to go upon leaving. They have daily specials (Friday's is two medium pizzas for $21). The cheesesticks were BOMB!!!!! So good. Pizza was great too, although the crust was a little too thick.Either way, this place rules. A great spot to bring kiddos!!!
5	This place is so awesome!  Great thin-crust pizza, assorted specialty pizzas and appetizers and other items.  Delivery and take-out.  Cool unique dining area.  Great affordable games.  Friendly service.  Best of the best.  Hopefully the city of Monona gets off of their power trip and gives these guys a beer license!
5	I was in the Monona area and my friends and I were craving pizza so this place showed up on our yelp app. WOW is all I can say! By far the best pizza in town! Very reasonable prices and 110% delicious! They're located across the street from Monona Grove High School and it's not exactly the best location since the streets there were very busy but I'm willing to risk crazy high school traffic for this pizza!We ordered a 16' specialty pizza which cost us a little over $20 and it was well worth the price. You have the choice of cutting the pizza into triangles or squares which I think awesome. Their thin crust is superb and everything tasted fresh and home made. I've only been here once but I can tell you now that I'm definitely coming back! Rossi's you have a customer for life!Also, their decor is very unique. It's somewhat dirty but nothing that will turn you away from their pizzeria. I would recommend either taking out or getting deliver (btw, they have free delivery!). The restaurant is personally not a place i would want to sit and enjoy my meal unless I had my children with me, but it's definitely very kid friendly since they're part vintage arcade.Last advice, GET IN AND EAT HERE! Worth every penny!!!!!!
5	What can I say, I'm in love.  OK, OK, Rossi's.  You had me at vintage arcade.  But pizzeria, too?  Simply put, this place is no joke.  Calling back to the days where pizzerias and arcades were like hands in gloves, Rossi's happens to score major points, easily reaching a level-10 charm spell.The arcade selection is choice.  There are games here that I haven't seen since 1988...eg. Paperboy (with the original BMX handlebars!!)  Dig Dug, Rampage, Burgertime.  I could go on.  Mix that with low lighting, black light posters and vinyl records spinning and you got a nostalgia trip like no other. Now, as if the arcade wasn't good enough, the pizza is supreme.  My wife and I have been searching high and low for the old-school thin crust we'd get in Chicago and Rossi's is hands-down the best we've had yet.  The crust is cracker thin, crispy on the edges and a little softer towards the middle.  The sauce is insanely good...obviously homemade with a delicate balance of acidity, richness and herbal kick.  As well, the cheese compliments all of the above, being slightly sharper than most pies.We always order our pizza to-go and are sure to give ourselves a good 1/2 hour to hit the arcade, ever time. My advice?  Run, don't walk over to Rossi's.
4	My friends and I discovered this great retro arcade and pizzeria place last night. FYI, they have moved down the road to this 4503 Monona Drive address, in a little cluster of shops. Don't go to the 100 Frost Woods address, as it is now a Salad Creations.Oh my goodness, I fell in love immediately. The space is cozy, the clientele is hip, and it's a cheerful buzz of retro game noise and folks making pizza. I split a 14 inch pepperoni with a friend, and it was just enough for the both of us. When you order, they ask if you want your pizza cut into squares or slices, which is a nice touch. (Squares for me.) The pizza turned out to be a thin crust with plenty of cheese, a bright tomato sauce, and sprinkles of oregano to top it off. It's pretty addictive. I also ordered some Bosco sticks, and while the cheese was a little cool, they satisfied my cheesy breadstick requirements. You can't go wrong with a scoop of Chocolate Shoppe ice cream for dessert. However, the counter service was pretty brusque, which was off-putting.There's an excellent selection of arcade games, and no worries, there's a change machine for your $1 and $5 bills. Most of the arcade games are only 25 or 50 cents, so you can have a lot of fun on a little money. Here's just a sampling of the original arcade games I saw:Pacman Ms. PacmanQbertBurger TimeDonkey KongSuper MarioRampageJoustStreet FighterPinball machines (including Dr. Who!)PaperboyThe pinball machines are in the black light room, which is a lot of fun. I truly enjoyed this place. It's a fun retro arcade with great prices and delicious pizza.
1	If I could rate them on the video arcade part alone - 5 stars, it's a blast, and that's where the good times end.  The food, which came highly recommended, is TERRIBLE, and this is coming from a guy who can eat pizza every day of the week, frozen, fresh, homemade, you name it.  Greasy, greasy, greasy (my 11 year old AND her friends, all pizza lovers, wouldn't finish it, literally soaked the paper plates they give you for the pizza).  Paper thin, but not crispy unfortunately, crust, so the "toppings" slide off.  The "toppings" (and reason behind the " " marks) mean you'll get about 8 slices of pepperoni on a whole pie apparently.  I've actually never seen pizza as thin as this in my life.  The place is also a dump inside, with only a few tables, smells like movie theater carpeting.  They do most of their business on delivery.  The guy who runs it (Rossi I assume) is a little odd, but nice enough.  It's clearly an institution, I begrudge no one their kitschy place to hang out.  But if someone tells you the food is good, you might want to breathalyze them.
5	I've been to Rossi's a few times now and have never been disappointed. Their thin crust pizza is fantastic, with a perfect crispy crust and really good sauce and toppings. I've ordered whole pies and by the slice when stopping in for lunch and it has always been fresh and delicious. The arcade is amazing and easy to lose a few hours playing all of the classics they have there. The games are in great shape and well maintained with different ones rotated in every so often. Check it out, it's definitely worth the trip.
5	Brilliant collection of classic arcade games!!
5	EXTERMINATE!  EXTERMINATE!  EXTERMINATE!When I'm at Rossi's, that's what you'll hear as I'm throwing quarters down the Dr. Who pinball machine. I love those little Daleks up top announcing what an awesome game I'm having. Rossi's has pretty decent thin crust pizza, tater tots just like from elementary school that you order by the pound, and pop in cans. The most fun part of a visit there is the vintage arcade. The main dining area has a few really old games, an air hockey table, and lots of movie posters and memorabilia on the walls. Then off to the side through a little hallway is the black light filled arcade. All games are only a quarter. There is a change machine if you haven't been hoarding quarters in anticipation of a visit here. The first room has loads of old stand up games. Classics like Joust (for your Ready Player One role playing), original Mario Brothers (the one where you have to jump under the bricks to knock off turtles), Dig Dug, Pac Man, Indiana Jones, and more. The second room had a few more stand up games and four pinball machines. The pinball is 50cents, but put in $1.50 and you'll get extra games. Pinball includes the aforementioned Dr. Who, along with Tales From The Crypt, and two others that I can't recall. This room also has Street Fighter, which I am horrible at, and Tekken which will suck the quarters right out of your pocket. In the summers the arcade rooms can get a bit warm will all the machines producing heat and being crowded with people on weekend nights. I'm sure it will feel toasty and comforting in there come wintertime.When you are finished playing or if your wrists just need a break, they also serve Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream.I really think this is one of the hidden gems in Madison, well I guess technically Monona. It's a great activity to do with friends when the weather is crappy outside. Don't let the construction on Monona Dr scare you off. Go and have fun. But if I show up, back away from the Dr. Who pinball because that baby is mine.
5	I haven't tried the pizza here, but I was looking for a good arcade and found this one online.  My buddy and I checked it out and we were blown away by the selection of great old arcade games.  Contra, Double Dragon, Raiden, Robotron 2084, Joust, so many great arcade classics.  All were in great shape, so there was none of the usual frustration over a non-responsive joystick.  I will be sure to stop here every time I'm in Madison.
4	love the arcade old school fun hadn't played pinbot in 20 yrs very god thin crust pizza my kids love the bosco sticks some of the smallest chicken wings i have had
5	I love this place! They have some of the best pizza I have had in Madison! The crust is very thin, and delicious and I highly recommend it!
4	Oh, Rossi's! The guy who answers the phone has a silky radio DJ voice. I just want to listen to that guy talk, but then he's asking me whether I want slices or squares, so. Anyway, the pizza. It's pretty damn good. Basic, thin crust, comes in crazy huge sizes if you want a crazy huge pizza. The inside of the place is like stepping back in time 30 years. It seriously feels like 1984 in there (the actual year, not the book).
5	Pinball is my thing. Seriously. So I feel pretty strongly about it when I say Rossi's is the most fun place to play pinball in madcity. Trust me. I gotta lot of spent quarters to tell ya I know my stuff. First of all there are 5 pinball machines here, the most in any one Madison locale! And that's not including the super vintage handfull in the front room. They have Black Knight 2000 (my personal favorite - it has a pretty sweet feature, Magna Save), Dr. Who, Twilight Zone, Tales from the Crypt, and PinBot - a pretty awesome selection, not a bad one in the house. And there are a couple dozen arcade machines to play if you need to step away from the pinball heat and spend your quarters another way. So good, I don't even care that they don't serve beer!
