4	Do you like fresh baked bread? That's one of the great things about this place. There are at least 5 choices of bread each day. How does Pumpkin Spice, Honey Whole Wheat, Jalapeno Cheese, or Chocolate Cherry sound? Come hungry because the sandwiches are nice and plump. They only use high quality meats and the freshest of vegetables. Their delicious breads are also available for purchase in loaves to take home or for gifts plus they ship anywhere in the country. Pancake or cookie mix? They also carry them. Once you try them, you'll fall in love!
5	Love walking in and hearing a Enthusiastic Hello and Would you like to try a free slice of bread. It was a day old but hell it was still soft and delicious. I love the COOKIES. The Chocolate chip ones, i keep them hidden from everyone else. And the different varieties of bread. And you must try there sandwiches that they make fresh how you want it. In this Down economy the doors stay open for a reason.
5	This review is solely based on a cookie a coworker brought me at work... and that cookie was BOMB! It may have been one of the best cookies I've ever had. It came in a nice single plastic package with the Great Harvest logo on front. The cookie was kind of oval-ish and smelt great. Once I took my first bite, I knew something was up. It was a soft cookie with some crunch. I never had this combination before in any form, it was white chocolate, cranberry, and oatmeal. Every bite just got better and better. I was so stoked I saved a piece for my brother to try when I got home! It was pretty hard to not eat the rest of it on my way home. I'm definitely going to stop in sometime myself and try more baked goods and pick up a few of these cookies.
5	What's not to love?  Great sandwiches, great bread, lost of possible combinations.  I've been to a few different Great Harvest's and I think they make a pretty awesome sandwich.  Ordering is a piece of cake with their 'check what you want' method.  They've always given me a pretty decent sized free sample of whatever bread they have out for the day.  The sample alone is worth a buck or two.  There is bread to buy and take home (you don't have to leave it) and it's awesome as well.  Better than Subway by far and not much more, cost wise.
5	Great Breads! freshly baked, friendly staff and quick too. I love the Savannah Bar!
5	Simply based on your presence at Downtown3rd Farmer's Market, you guys are great. Everything looked, smelled and tasted great. You reeled me in with the smell of your bread and then you had me at Spinach feta. That bread is magical.
5	Omg..!! Best place ever really clean and smells delicious ....
4	I love this place. I don't come here enough. Aside from baking their breads in house they Also make awesome sandwiches. Aside from regular bread they make sweet breads and seasonal breads like pumpkin! Bread with butter is amazing.
4	This is a really fantastic place to have lunch. Although the price of the combo has gone up in recent years, it's about nine bucks now and I think when I started going there it was at about six. But still this is an amazing place to have lunch. First of all everyone that works there is young and friendly.  They bake 3 to 4 different types of bread per day and they give a free sample of that bread to anyone who walks in, you don't even have to buy anything. Then they take that fantastic bread and make stacked up high sandwiches that'll fill you up for lunch. Anyone who gets chips with their combo is simply crazy. The baked goods here are fantastic. Try a scone or my personal favorite if they have it the sugar cookie. It's got frosting and sprinkles and makes you feel like a kid while you're eating it!!!!
5	This place is amazing the bread is so fresh. We had a sandwich combo there and it was great then took home a loaf of banana nut bread and wow so good. Also they give you samples so we tried the caramel apple bread and that was addicting. Also the Irish soda bread and peperoni bread was great also. Definitely a place to check out, there's 2 locations.
1	I called my order in ahead of time and when I asked when can I pick up my order.. the lady on the phone said.. well whenever we get to it because we're pretty busy and have a few people in line.. She made it sound like I was inconveniencing her and I made it such a hassle for her for calling in my order.. I wasn't expecting that answer and especially the toned of her voice with the way she said it juz made it worst.. All she had to say was 10-15 minutes or however long she thinks it'll take them.. When I went to pick up my order.. I let the lady know how she made me feel and she still argued with me and supposedly that's not how she said it.. I asked to speak to her MOD but nobody was there so I asked for her name instead. The lady ignored me and walked away. I asked the other girl that was with her what her name was and asked why do I need it.. The lady that was helping me walked to the back, grabbed her phone and purse and walked out of the store and continued to ignore me when I kept on asking for her name as she was walking away. The whole experience was horrible.. The lady that helped me was very rude and unprofessional. I already emailed the owner and they still haven't gotten back to me.. Overall very unhappy with the service
5	Delicious bread, good portions, quality ingredients with sandwiches,  nice staff, and definitely a new add to my top lunch spots.
5	Super friendly staff very helpful courteous  felt very welcomed delicious menu they have a built a sandwich healthy options to choose from would definitely come again I recommend it to family and friends
3	It's hard to find fresh bead in Vegas. They make their own and serve pretty good sandwiches on it. Awesome cookies.
5	I am saddened.  I went yesterday and the business is now closed down.  I will have to make the trek to the Henderson location for my chocolate chip pumpkin bread fix.
