5	I shopped around quite extensively to find a great engadgement ring. I found Brian at the perfect time. Not only did I get to pick from a large variety of high quality diamonds the ring was 100% custom and designed by me for that special touch. A custom ring may sound expensive too. It was cheaper than the big name places for a larger, clearer, and better cut diamond. You will not go wrong here.
1	Sorry kids....I stopped by this store with their NOW OPEN sign inviting me in...only to be stuck in some ante-room with an intercom. I rang the bell and then came the interrogation. "What do you want? What are you looking for? Do you have an appointment? " By the time I was permitted to come in, I was followed around the store like a burglar and felt very uncomfortable. The whole interroagation was off-putting. I've been to finer jewlery stroes all over the world, and not had to work that hard to get through the door. The location is not upscale...but they way they acted, they were located on Michigan Ave. I would never return.
5	This company did an Amazing job for me! They take great care of you as soon as you walk in. I was able to get my Cushon cut diamond engagement ring for a fraction of the price of the other Jewelers in Madison who are always on the radio! Do not buy from them until you compare!!!! I had only given them less than a week to get it created and have it shipped to Vegas where I proposed and everything went perfectly. I am very pleased
1	We just had a horrific experience with BR.  We were previously satisfied clients from 2001, so were not worried in the least.  They RUINED my wedding ring.  We went to have some additional diamonds put on it for our anniversary.  Not only did they NOT follow ANY of our instructions, they put the addition on CROOKED.  It took them a month (after telling us 2 weeks max) then they had two separate rings made, which we told them we DID NOT want in  the first place.  She said "give us 10 minutes" we came back and they had soddered the new piece on crooked, in COMPLETE asymmetry to what we had.  We got "rush treatment" and were out the door before we knew what hit us.  Not only that, it was 90 degrees in there (seriously) and when we complained about the heat, we were told "they" were not in charge of the temperature control, the landlord is.  Whaaat???  What kind of "high end" diamond store doesn't control it's own temperature??  We now have the ring in to another jeweler to get this $1000 dollar screw-up fixed, for another thousand dollars.  I still feel absolutely sick to my stomach over this entire mess.  NEVER, ever again.  Jo didn't listen to a word we said, as far as what we wanted...it was like she had an idea of what SHE wanted, and that's how it went through.
1	I was switching Homeowner's Insurance after many years and was urged by the new rep to get my wedding ring appraised again since my existing appraisal was 17+ years old.  Here is the strange details..I will let you make your own judgment.  First of all, as others have indicated, the actually place is enclosed by a locked door with an intercom system.  When I finally was let in, I was not met with warmness but a curt woman.  I indicated I had made an appointment. After I gave them my credit card to pay for the appraisal, she seated me at a table for about 10 minutes .  She also requested my old appraisal from 1994 and took that to the back as well.  Upon her return, she told me my appraisal would take 2 weeks to be mailed to my home.  When my appraisal finally came, it was lower than my appraisal from 1994!  In fact, only $250 more than what we paid for it  then. The appraisal pretty much was word for word what was on my original appraisal with asterisks on the bottom indicated information was given by customer's previous appraisal.  I was shocked since I would have to use this appraisal for replacement value if ever I were to lose my ring.  I did call and talk to the appraisal manager.  I was told that the reason my appraisal took so long is that they have 30+ appraisals that were ahead of me and each one takes anywhere from 20 minutes to an hour to complete.  Also, that my original jeweler inflated my appraisal to make us feel good about our purchase price.  Also, that she could redo the appraisal and make it any it more if I felt like it was too low...Most people, according to her, appreciate a low appraisal so their insurance rates will be lower?? To my amazement, she also claimed they could redo the whole ring for actually $300+ less than what they appraised it at!  Let me tell you that the original jeweler we purchased from is a family owned business (Kelvin Schroeder's) ...that still is in business many years later.  I have contacted them since this and they too shared my concern that the appraisal came in lower, especially with the cost of gold skyrocketing and the level of my diamond, and size and clarity of my additional marquis. (I would have returned to them to have the appraisal done if we still lived in the area.)  I now plan on following up with my original jeweler in Waukesha and get it reappraised.
5	Being proposed to with a loose stone on vacation in California would have made some women cringe...as many would want a ring to wear right away.  Not this girl...I'd been admiring BR's work for years when they used to exhibit at the Spring Green art fair, so the very next morning after saying "yes" we called from California to book our appointment with BR upon on return.  We spent the last few days of our vacation sketching our ideas and brought them with when we met with Brian.  The energy was fantastic and he had some creative suggestions for us.  We left more excited than ever and returned when our wax mold was ready to view...which was exactly what we'd envisioned (but had very poorly sketched!).  Shortly thereafter I stopped in to see the rough casting of the piece, again fantastic.  Then two weeks later the ring was ready.  Given some time constraints I wasn't able to pick up the ring before heading to the "unveiling" lunch with my girlfriends, but Brian surprised me and actually HAND DELIVERED my ring to the restaurant...making my day!  Since then I have been back twice for a polish and a repair (when I smashed my ring into a metal door and knocked my stone loose)...and both times it was just as enjoyable as the first!  Yes they have a security locked door with intercom...wouldn't you with precious jewelry?!?!
5	I have traveled internationally and on those trips I always visit fine jewelry boutiques. Whether in Italy, Switzerland, Sweden or France, to name a few specific geographic locations.The service people at BR Diamond Suite is second to none. Upon arrival at the Suite, I'm always warmly greeted. Made to feel at home because the atmosphere is not stiff & formal. It's relaxed. BR Diamond Suite's personnel pay careful attention to the detail(s) I seek. The service is impeccable, the finished quality is exquisite. And the cost is well below what I've grown accustomed to.In summation, BR Diamond Suite is a place one must visit before making any important jewelry acquisition decision. I always visit their botique when I want to please my Special other, any family member or function. Too, BR's Suite is where I go to obtain unique gifts to recognize others.
