4	I first went to the Orchard a little over a year ago to buy myself an Apple laptop. They have a range of products to choose from including; Macbooks, Macbook Pros, desktops, iPods, iPhones, etc. They also have a nice selection of accessories like colored keyboard covers, laptop cases, Apple software, chargers etc. If you need repair for you Apple products they do this too, even if not purchased from them. I asked how they acquire these products, and they said they buy used computers off of businesses that were leasing them, clean them up, and turn them around. I purchased a 2009 Macbook a little over a year ago for $525. It came clean, fully loaded with all Microsoft software, iWork, pretty much everything you need for a basic laptop. Throughout the year I've had a few problems with the battery, CD slot, and hard drive. I put all the problems off thinking they were going to cost me, but recently I became fed up. I thought to myself, "I should've just bought a new Mac".  SIck of hearing me complain, my husband took my laptop back into the Orchard and explained to them what was going on. They took it for the night and called us to come back and get it the next day. We were so surprised! They replaced the battery, the cd drive, and hard drive, and the charger piece on the side, and gave me a cute pink keyboard cover; all for free! Since getting it back, I have no complaints and am still glad I went here to purchase my laptop. The fact that they replaced these pieces without trying to make a dime off me, shows that they care about their customers.
1	I brought my macbook pro into these guys because it had become very unresponsive. I really had to have it fixed ASAP, so I figured I would drop it off with experts instead of wasting time trying to fix it myself. Big mistake.  When I dropped it off, they said there was probably some issue with the hard drive. They charge $30 for a diagnosis which can go toward any repairs. They took two days to look at it, then called me and said there were a  couple issues. They said there were a couple minor issues with the hard drive, which they said the fixed and then they said the other issue was that the plastic pieces which hold the second memory stick down were broken, that what was creating the problem. Well, I had a piece of material keeping the memory stick down, using the pressure of the back panel.... but they said that it was unresponsive because the memory would still move around some and recommended that I just find something else to keep the memory down better. They said they had fixed most of the unresponsiveness by fixing whatever issues they found with the hard drive though. I said, okay. It sounded reasonable. I turned it on when I got home and it was the exact same as when I brought it in. Still just as unresponsive. What the heck? You had it for two days and didn't fix anything, but tell me you fixed most of it? So, I have most of my info backed up, so I just decided to try to delete everything off of the hard drive and re-install everything from my back up drive. (In the shop, I explained to them that my info was backed up and told them it was okay to do this if they needed to). Well, I did that, and it fixed the issue. Guess I should have tried that before wasting the $30 and lost two days bringing it in, but seriously? You don't try that in the two days you have it in the shop? One of the most simple fixes there probably is? I am no computer expert, and I fix what they can't? These guys obviously don't know what they're doing.
5	I spilled a large cup of coffee on my MacBook Pro 6 months ago (luckily no cream or sugar). Did all the recommended steps to prevent as much damage as possible, and thankfully everything works except for the keyboard.After 6 months of using a separate bluetooth keyboard on top of my dead laptop keyboard, I decide to take it into Apple Store Biltmore. After explaining what happened, the Genius tells me I've voided my warranty and it will cost $1,240 to fix the machine - without even opening it up. This evidently is the cost of a new bottom case, logic board, etc. Even after running diagnostics and showing that everything is working fine, Apple has a policy that it either replaces everything or nothing. That wasn't going to work for me.So I call Orchard, explain the situation and Justin tells me they see this a lot. Since everything else seemed to work fine, he was able to order the keyboard only, as a used part harvested from a similar MBP, for $70. A few days later I bring it in, and Cameron was able to install the keyboard inside of two hours. He also took photos of areas where corrosion had occurred, and explained how he cleaned them with rubbing alcohol.Now my $3,000 MacBook Pro is back to perfect condition, and it only cost me $160. Thanks, Orchard, for saving me $1,080!This isn't my first time dealing with them and each experience has been positive. I've been a Mac user since the late 1980s, and I've never felt more comfortable working with another Apple specialist, as I do with The Orchard.
5	5 stars for EXCELLENT service and salesmanship.I found The Orchard through a personal referral, which is like gold to me.I came in just to get my poor little 2007 Macbook hard drive replaced (again).  Thankfully I had it backed up so I wasn't as freaked out as the first time.The guys were very courteous and informative over the phone, and even better in person.I had been thinking about a new computer anyway, but kept putting it off because my Apple tastes weren't in sync with my PC budget. (ha)After discussing my options on the hard drive issue, I browsed the laptops on sale and saw great deals on great machines with lots of upgrade options.It was going to be about $100 bucks or so to do the hard drive, and as we chatted, the salesperson, Jared, also informed me about the possible trade-in value of my Macbook and then he answered all my questions about the laptops on sale.He called his manager about the trade-in value, and by the time we were done, I walked out with a good-as-new Macbook with an upgrade of 8G of RAM, a bigger hard drive, and my data transferred.There's a 1yr warranty, and also future service benefits.If you don't mind a gently-used machine with very minor cosmetic damage, but a brand-spanking-new interior, please check them out for machines, and definitely for service.Thank you thank you thank you, Orchard!!!I am your new fan!
5	Excellent customer service and workmanship. My technician kept me updated every step of the way. The repair was completed in a timely manner and to an extent greater than I could have imagined. The price was extremely reasonable. I am very happy. They have earned me as a lifetime customer. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
5	Thank you Thank you Thank YouNew to Apple and was desperately needing help getting my iTunes library accessed....such a novice it was great to have help without feeling stupid!  Jared was awesome and this place will be the first place I call when I need further help!Rock On!
5	awesome, fast and intelligent service.these guys installed a new ssd in my macbook pro. stopped in on friday evening and they had it ready that same night! dude at the counter even gave me some references and links he looked up when i told him i was having RAM issues (sort of unrelated to the ssd install they did)super helpful, seemed to actually care about what they are doing.
5	Took my co-worker's iPhone 4 to get the screen replaced. The guys in there were super cool and did a fantastic job with the repair. There was a snag with my company's credit card but they were awesome and helped us through the whole ordeal. I highly recommend The Orchard if you need your Apple products repaired or are looking for a used one.
5	These guys are amazing! I have had everything from computers, cell phones, and tablets worked on by them. I have also purchased many great warrantied items.I have and will recommend anyone to go here for service or purchasing a great device.
5	Took my Mac mini to add memory. These guys are the best! For $35.00 they did the  job and then some. Other places i called wanted $85.00 and up. Had a little problem getting everything updated and such. Called them and he walked me thru it step by step over the phone. I know i can  count on these great guys from now  on. They sell products as well. Recommended Highly!!
2	They could have been better. I brought my laptop to them and said there was water damage.  I told them to tell me how much it would cost to fix it and then I could make a decision from there on whether or not to buy a whole new laptop or fix it.  They call me back and say it is the motherboard and it will cost $800 so I decided to have them fix it (since a new one is $1,100). A few weeks later I notice the camera isn't working so I bring it back and they said i need a whole new camera for $165.  I wish they told me it was broken before because I would have just brought a whole new laptop (and probably from them) instead of fixing that one.  To top it off when I picked up my laptop the Wifi wasn't working so they had to hold it even longer.  I don't think I would ever go back. I also found out that taking my laptop to the apple store would have saved me $100.
5	I brought my older macbook pro in today, it needed a new battery and wanted to upgrade the memory. In no time I was out the door with everything I came in for at a completely reasonable price. This place is a Godsend if you are our of Apples warranty or just looking for a good used Apple product.
