5	The bank - the place you go to stand in line to either sadly wave goodbye or happily greet your money.On rare occasions, however, you need a little more.  We recently stopped in to get a form from the bank and when we were chatting with the guy helping us while waiting for the form we explained we needed it because it was one of 40+ pages we needed to fax (who uses fax machines anymore, right?).  Then the guy offered to fax it all for us which we thought was pretty cool of him.He was really nice about it too and was still very personable even when he was supposed to be getting off work and the 40 pages were taking their sweet time getting faxed.If that's kind of customer service doesn't deserve five stars I must be missing out on something.
4	Been banking with Chase Bank for like forever.  Enjoyed their fast service and friendly staffs.  Great location just off Loop-202 & US-60 and within minutes from Arizona State University (ASU) & Mesa Community College (MCC).
5	Today around 2:30 pm while in the drive through, my car battery died. I told Danielle, the lovely young lady at the window, my car  had died. She offered to see if anyone had jumper cables to help me out. Minutes later, three young men came out, pushed me out of the lane so one of them could jump my battery. Within a few minutes, he had me on my way again so I could head over to AutoZone. Lovely young people going above and beyond their job duties. Thank you Chase for hiring great people!!!!
1	Eek! Methinks not indeed. One of the worst branches that I have visited!
1	I've been a Chase customer for nearly 20 years and have several accounts, both personal and business. Today for my business I tried to draw $1000 in ones and the branch was completely unaccommodating.  I expect money to be available to enable my business.  That was not the case today.
1	Came to this bank the Friday before  labor day  weekend  to open a new account.  Sat and waited for 30 mins only to be told by some spiked haired douchebag that they were closing  in twenty mins  and would  I like to make an appointment. Well you losers lost out on a big account  as I had a check in my pocket  that would  have been well worth  the extra time it would have taken this DOUCHE to open the account  shame he was more concerned  with grilling hotdogs then doing his job.  Chase  on 48th St and southern  won my business  as they know how to treat potential  clients.
