5	Fast, professional, friendly!  The guy at the smog station was very friendly and went to work right away.  Before I knew it, the test was done and I was on my way.  The good thing about this location is that I got a FREE car wash with the smog check.  I also got a good price on the smog because I had a mailer coupon so it was pretty much a GREAT deal!I am for sure smogging at this location for now on.  Highly recommended!
4	Originally a Michigan native, I have never had to do a 'Smog' check before. I have been in Vegas for almost 1 year and received a reminder from the DMV that I had to complete one to renew my registration.  Smog check hunting I went....I drove around the corner and noticed the Shell Gas Station was advertising their Smog check. Frankly, I just wanted to get this off my 'To Do list' and decided to pull in and get this Smog check rolling. As other reviews state, the service was fast, professional, and friendly.  There was no line and the guy working the station hopped to it and went to work. Before I could blink an eye, the test was done and I was zooming around town. The Smog test cost me $27 buckaroos. I wish I would've Yelped this place so I could have printed their mailer coupon that would have scored me a free car wash. Oh, well... lesson learned.
1	Showed up on 11/20/13 at 3:30pm. Kid that works there tried to charge me $37 for a smog check; he was also talking on his cell phone while he was talking to me and didn't even get off. I've been here before and it's only cost me $17. Took my business elsewhere.
1	In a service based business, good service is a must.  I forgot my coupon at home but didn't expect it to be a problem.  It was.  I get several a year mailed to me and there are always coupons available to print on line. Too bad.  No discount without a printed coupon.  So I drive home and get the coupon.  The coupon price is $16 - 24 depending on location.  Of course this location charges $24.  There is also a $10 fee for registering with them instead of at DMV.  After it was done the attendant forgot to give me my credit card back.  I forgot too and called from home to confirm it was there. Of course there was no answer. So then I drive back a third time within an hour to get it.   There are many, many smog stations in the valley.  I think I will take my business elsewhere for my other car.
1	Been using this place for many years and have been very happy with the service.  This time, I took my $16-$24 postcard coupon in and was told that the price would be $37.  Disappointed, I left and went to Meineke at 3665 S. Durango  and only paid $19 total.
5	This place just saved me a day at the dmv they did my smog and renewed my registration for me in less then 5 minutes!  Amazing start to my day which I thought would be all day at the dmv.   Affordable quick convenient what more could you ask for! :)
2	Happy new year to you too!!! Kid working there was sooo rude! It's probably my fault for interrupting whatever he was doing. Or maybe getting a smog check on Jan 2 when everyone should be asleep
