5	After a month of searching crappy places, Internet sales, tent events, awkward warehouses, my boyfriend and I came across this places as we were tossing up the white flag on our way to Ikea. It's clean, straight forward, and Chuck our sales guy was super helpful and not pushy. While they do have discounted and clearance mattresses they are the only ones I've found that give a 10 year warranty AND a 30 day comfort trial period on all their mattresses. How rad is that? I'd totally recommend them to anyone. :) thanks guys for making this so easy, wish we came here first!
2	After purchasing our mattress with R & S we tried sleeping on it and it was as hard as a rock. We went to exchange with their 30 day guarantee and we're met with flack. The sales person said that we needed to give it more time, that he didn't think he could help us. After arguing our case and not understanding why you would want to take back a longer used mattress, he let us lay on other ones. We were trapped to pick one and did, for $200 more he said. Total now $1600. He also Told us that it is as-is only because they replaced the top cover.  We would have never paid that for a not new mattress but we felt under pressure. After a month the mattress had hardly any support. After 3 months you could see our body indentions and we are not heavy people. I am now stuck with the mattress and nobody will buy it. We purchased a new mattress with a great warranty at Macy's for $1400. They also have a 60 day guarantee
5	My wife and I fell into the Ikea mattress trap when we purchased our first bed together about 5 years ago. When we finally decided we were done with sleeping on a glorified futon mattress we started looking around for a new mattress. Most stores prices were ridiculous for the mattress sets we liked. We had seen the signs for R&S around so we decided to check it out, and I am glad we did. The prices were way better than other stores that we looked at and the staff was great. The delivery guy was polite and very friendly. We were not sleeping well on the first mattress we picked so we exchanged it for another one that was an equal value with NO PROBLEMS.The employees assured us that if we still did not like this second choice that we had another full 30 days to bring it back and exchange it for another.
5	My husband and I visited many mattress retailers in the Tempe area to find the best deal, mattress, and guarantee. We were paranoid about buying from anyone who wouldn't replace the mattress or would charge an arm and a leg to do so. We also got pretty tired of the rigamarole of salesmen.Ultimately, we liked the selection at R&S, especially the Brooklyn Bedding mattresses (their own brand). I was a bit nervous about buying a brand I didn't know but did lots of research online (including sleeplikethedead.com and themattressunderground.com) and was reassured. Chuck was really patient and informative, letting us lie on mattresses for 15 minutes or more and explaining the benefits of each one. He also said that if we were not happy he could exchange our mattress at no charge (if we wanted a different mattress we'd just pay or be refunded the difference in cost). Then he offered us a really nice deal on the one we liked: the Brooklyn Bedding Bliss latex mattress. We ordered a mattress newly made by the warehouse, and when it showed up last week it was firmer than the one we fell in love with at the store. I called a few days ago and Chuck offered to send us a new mattress at no cost, just like he promised. I decided we wanted the one we picked out in the store instead of another new one, and he agreed that it could be done. It was delivered today by Justin, who is timely, easygoing, and who remembered chatting with my husband when he delivered the first bed. Such a nice guy. I'm happy with the new one and pleased that the exchange was so simple and Chuck kept his word. Given how much of a pain in the ass it is to buy a mattress, it's nice when good people do good business.
5	Searched for the best deal on mattresses, found them here.The entire transaction of buying two beds took under ten minutes.  I handed the guy my money and he quickly loaded up the mattresses and box springs for me. Beds have held up nicely so far.
5	I recently bought a queen size pillow top mattress and box springs.  I wasn't ready to have it delivered at that point.  They kept it for me until I was ready.  Chuck waited on me and was very patient when I was looking and made sure that I got what I wanted.  When the bed was delivered, Justin was very careful and very kind.  I would highly recommend them.  The prices are great and so is the service.
5	Chuck was more than helpful when it came to deciding which mattress I wanted.  He pointed out quite a few within my price range and even have me his honest opinion about several choices I had.  I know he is allabout customer satisfaction because I mentioned a mattress from another retailer and he asked me multiple times if I was sure I'd be satisfied with buying from him!  I mostly appreciated his honest opinions.  Thanks, Chuck!  You're awesome
4	Chuck was great for my husband and I. Allowed us to lay on many mattresses even though we walked in at closing. (We didn't realize it until I started to Yelp) Chuck even left us alone to talk and go back and fourth from mattress to mattress. The experience was so enjoyable without any pressure.
5	Great service. Same day delivery! Great price. Don't bother going to the mattress store next door!
5	Chuck helped me find the perfect mattress at a great price!   I tried several and instantly fell in love with one of their Brooklyn Beds.  Great customer service experience.  Check them out and you'll find the task of finding a mattress easy and hassle free. Sweet dreams!
5	I was looking for a new Mattress, so what to do read Yelp reviews. All the ones I found on this company were quite good. They have a lot of stores throughout the Valley. Thi location is in Tempe over by Ikea. So I gave it a go.It is located in a shopping center across from Ikea.When you pull in there is a guy swinging a sign around and then a sales guy from another Mattress store pops out and trys to horn Swaggle you in to their shop.So don't be fooled. GO to the R & S Mattress store.It looks very plain when you come inside. Like a warehouse type setting . But, the company has been around for a long time and they have a long warrenty on all their products. 10 years in fact. Chuck was our sales guy. We found the type of bed that we wanted and $1.700.00 later, it was a done deal.We were in no hurry so they delivered it 2 days later. They were very careful when they brought in the Mattress and removed the old one. Yes, they took away the old one as well. It was 10 years old, so we felt we needed a new one.It has been 2 weeks and so far I like the bed a lot. It came with 2 free pillows, which the delivery guys did not have with them. I had to make another visit to Chuck to pick them up.Bottom line is I am happy with it ,price was right, and I would buy another Mattress there.
5	Wow!  Best no pressure sale I've ever experienced furniture/mattress shopping.  Chuck was extremely helpful, quickly had us try three different mattresses to see our preference, then asked about price range.  I didn't feel overwhelmed by having too many choices with no guidance and the price was unbeatable!  Loving our new king size pillow top.
5	Scott was extremely helpful, answering my myriad of random questions about the products and how do you determine which bed is right.  Very pleasant demeanor.  Knowledgeable about the product.  Was able to point me right to the product he determined would best suit our needs.Looking forward to delivery and getting it set up cuz we have been missing out on a good nights sleep for way too long.  Darn Select Number bed took a beating when our tree was struck by lightning and surged the outlet where the bed was plugged in, the doorbell, and our big screen TV.  Yep, all true.But that's not gonna happen with the new bed.Totally walked into this place just to look and walked out only after I was convinced that this was the best place to purchase a new mattress.  Sold!  Delivery is scheduled to happen early in the week.  Can't wait to switch from hammock to a bed once again.
