1	The anticipation for this party was greater than any other party.  However, so was the disappointment.  On a 94 degree day in Las Vegas, the AC broke and it was 98 degrees inside of the doll house for the duration of the party.  Although it was not their fault that the AC broke, I feel that it was a major health code violation to have those little girls sweltering inside for two hours.  If not for the extreme disappointment of 10 four year olds, I would have herded them all to McDonald's for ice-cream.  A week prior to the party, I had confirmation that they would not serve peanut butter as my child has a severe peanut allergy.  Unfortunately they served it and my child was in danger of going into anaphalactic shock on her birthday.  I was discounted 25 dollars off of an almost 400 dollar bill for the inconvenience and they told me that they would give me half off on my other daughter's birthday when she turns 3.  She will be turning three in August of 2010.  I truly feel that it was the most uncompfortable birthday party that I have ever been to and I have been to countless birthday parties.  I would not have been as inclined to write this review if they would have reimbursed me at least half the money or offered to re-do the party.Just these two incidents would be enough to complain about, but we also had to wait outside for 10 minutes after our party was due to begin because there was a large party wrapping up inside.  As the parents emerged from the previous party, they warned us that it was unbearably hot.  Plus, there were not enough cups for the children to drink from prior to the tea party beginning and parents were having to wash the cups out in the restroom, so that there daughters could have a drink of warm tea or warm lemonade (no ice at all was made available).  Normally, they would just wait to have a drink during the tea party, but the extreme temperature made for some very thirsty children.Bottom line is that we were expecting a high-class party as their web-site boasts and this party made McDonald's and Chuck E Cheese seem like heaven.  I would have been more satisfied to have it rescheduled then for them to carry on as if I was getting what I paid for.
3	I was not impressed, but my 3 year old loved it and wants to go back.  IMO the place was overdone with nick nacks, the toilet handle fell off when I flushed after her, and the costumes were not in great shape.  Again, to my 3 year old, this place is heaven.  At $200 for a party for four or $300 for a party for seven, it is a bit pricey for a birthday party.  To be asked for a tip felt uncomfortable.  Depending on how persist my daughter is, we may go back.  I used a groupon for the two hour tea time.  Worth the experience with the groupon.
3	Let me start by saying that the concept of Olivias Dollhouse is so cute and a little girls dream.  Little girls will love the place.  However, in many ways, it did not meet my expectations for the money.  I will admit I love planning and putting on parties so I pay attention to every detail and probably have higher standards than most when it comes to children's birthday parties. I've been here for a few birthday parties and they all pretty much go the same way. There's not really any theme except a tea party. I like birthday party places for girls that allow you to select different themes so that each party there can be semi customized and not the same old same old. The building itself is stand alone and it is set up to make you feel like you are walking into a real house. It is very old fashioned and the entire place is like a house with various rooms, a dining room, a sitting room, a make up/fashion room, dressing room etc.  This is really really neat. There are tons of dolls, knick knacks, floral stuff all over the place. Really, in my opinion its overkill on the tacky stuff but the kids do seem to love it. The place feels very old for Las Vegas standards and doesn't seem like it is very well maintained.  The area of town is not the best. Flow of Activities at a Party - Here's how a typical party goes: guests arrive,  each guest selects a dress, shoes, costume jewellery and gets changed then go to a separate hair, nails, and make up station. Little girls absolutely love this. They do a great job with the hair although I really don't know how sanitary it all is. I don't recall seeing santization supplies being used in between each guest. Once the girls are all dolled up they go to a fashion show and each girl gets a photo snapped, they give you a souvenir photo from the event to take home with you. After the fashion show its off to the dining room to eat. The dining room is cute and they serve the food on "real" china.  Cute but it all seemed mismatched and old. I guess that's supposed to be part of the charm. The quality of the food and the presentation is mediocre. Not that the kids noticed, this stood out. After the dessert, its back to the dressing room to change back into regular clothes. That's it the party is done. On the way out, each guest gets a picture from the fashion show (home printer type quality) and a choice of one toy from a treasure chest as a party favor which is basically the $1 made in china dollar store toy. The tea party concept of Olivias is great but I just don't find that it is worth the $45 per child. Girls do love it but for me the quality is just not there. Maybe with a little sprucing up this place would be a lot better.
3	A little girls dream, and a creepy place all in one! I went here 3 years back for Fayth's 8th birthday. I remember it being super pricy for a small limited thing. However, it was very personalized, and with them doing EVERYTHING there is no mess at home to clean up! We returned last week for my nieces 8th birthday. She hadn't stopped talking about it since going 3 years prior. For around $400- (give or take depending on your party size and requirements) it includes: dress up, hair/make up/nails, and accessories for the girls. This is a big room with all kinds of dresses from old lady-ish, to renaissance,  to princess, to club goer. Most of the dresses looked like they were donated or could have came from goodwill. A vanity station where they party host does make up, hair styles, and nails. Accessories like jewelry, hats, and feather boas were everywhere. And of course a nice little runway for the fashion show. I'd say girls ages 3-10 would enjoy this. After that, they are too cool for that type of thing. Just ask my daughter. The decor throughout this 4 bedroom home style building was weird. Dolls everywhere, strange music, creepy toys, kind of like a girly carnival ride. After the fashion show dies down, the ladies move on to the tea party. They all sit around a heart shaped table where the queen aka the birthday girl, has a thrown, and a bell for when she or any of her princess need anything. They make them put their pinkies up while sipping pink lemonade from real tea cups, and serve mini sandwiches, pizzas, and snacks. They also do a cheesy dessert that does not have real cake. However the birthday girl does take a real cake home for later. After that, if you have not exceeded your 2 hour limit you may go on to open gifts. They do not leave time between parties, as there was a party exciting as we were entering. I have to mention how hot it was. Not sure if they were having an A/C issue or if its just an old building but it was HOT. All the adults were sweating and mingling to the colder room. This place is cool for little girls, but over priced for what they offer. I am a great tipper, but the tip would have been larger if they didn't ask for so much when offering so little.
