5	I love all of the Ross stores! When I used to live in mn and would come to visit I would buy all my shoes for the season here. Now that I live here I'm addicted. I usually can't leave without buying a new dress. I also buy all my niece and nephews presents here. The prices are awesome. It can be hit and miss for the stock so of coarse I shop all the time! Lol!
4	Small selection of home goods, but the items they did have were cute. I ended up walking in thinking I was not going to pick up anything; I walked out with three throw pillows, two sets of dishes, an area rug, and some other random kitchen items. Patience and a few pairs of vigilante eyes can aid in decorating a house in no time. I love a bargain and these discount stores are the only way I'm willing to stock this money pit known as home ownership...
1	I usually enjoy shopping at Ross including this one but today I'm very disappointed with my visit here. I bought a pair of shoes literally a week ago and wore it once and realize they did not fit. I tried to return or even exchange with receipt and the cashier gave me the hardest time saying well you wore them for a week which really upset me. I explained that I put them on walked to the car and took them off. Very disappointed in the customer service and will not go back to that Ross.
2	I love Ross, but I don't love this Ross.I have shopped here on a few occasions but almost always leave empty-handed. Their inventory is always less than stellar and unorganized. I understand it is after a holiday but no matter when I come they have a sad array of items on the racks and more times than not while I am perusing my size on the racks a majority of the items I  interested in have been misplaced and are not my size at all. That's more than a little annoying. I don't see myself making this a regular place on my shopping excursions.
1	Well where to begin with this store.....first of all the store attracts some interesting people.  I had a guy walk in behind me flossing his teeth and his girlfriend brushing hers.  Wtf....I guess it's because I am in the ghetto lol and I only stopped here because I was off work and also the employees are so rude. A couple of them completely ignored me and others walked away from me. Never coming back here wish I could give it negative 5999999 stars
