5	Delicious food and great coffee - the turkey press is especially yummy. Can't go wrong stopping by this place with its fun, funky atmosphere.
5	This place just opened down the street from me and I had been looking for an excuse to check it out. What a pleasant surprise! The interior is tasteful, yet relaxed. In fact, that's pretty much how I would sum up the entire experience.I started with the Mayan Cafe (which is essentially a cinnamon mocha). It came out quickly, and was exactly the kind of hot, sweet treat I had been hoping for. The cinnamon brought a lovely balance to the drink. So far so good.I continued the meal with the "Hot Hot Cheese." This grown-up take on a childhood classic is made with a combination of cheddar and jalapeno-feta cheeses layered should fresh tomato and served on warm crusty bread conjures images of campfire lookout in the American Southwest. What it's doing in a cafe in Pittsburgh is beyond me, but it's more than welcome.The sandwich came with a side of your standard corn chips (great to cut the spice of the jalapeno-feta) and a generous helping of a delicious red slaw. The entire meal came to just 10 dollars, which is great, because with the coffee menu and wifi (and great music selection) I'm thinking this will become a regular hangout.As of today (March 20th, 2014) the cafe is only open for breakfast and lunch Monday-Friday (closing at 3pm), but the owners tell me they are in the process of expanding the kitchens and preparing the 2nd floor to serve as a performance space,  which will allow them to stay open for dinner (and even later). The neighborhood (N. Oakland) could use both a nice coffee shop and a good place to see live bands, so I am eagerly awaiting these developments. Come on down to North Craig and check this place out (but don't you dare take my parking space!)
5	The menu is awesome and the space is kitschy and artistic. Support small local business! I recommend the great coffee drinks and limeade :) the kale salad is incredible!
4	Randomly decided to stop by here one rainy afternoon.  The place is so much nicer than it appears from the street--just fun, relaxed, and a bit eclectic.  Those words can also be used to describe their menu.  I had the 'anytime quinoa' and a thai coffee.  It was the perfect after-work pick-me-up.  The service was great as well.  I will definitely be back.
5	Been here three times, delicious all three! Place has always been empty, not sure why, as the food is great and so is the service. I've had the turkey banh mi, mezzedilla, and the turkey press. Each is plenty of food; can easily split the turkey press. The golden oat shake is good and could almost be a meal on its own.Oh yeah, free wifi.
