5	By far the best dental experience of my life!!  Everyone is amazingly helpful and friendly from the front office to the assistants to the dentist.  You even get to watch movies or TV while you get work done!!  There is also a kids side with movies and video games.  This place is great for adults and kids.  I highly recommend this dental office.
5	This dental office is by far is the best dental office I have ever been to and it's all because of the staff! I have been in need of a cleaning and exam for quite some time, as I was driving to Sprouts I happened to stop in to see what they would charge me for teeth cleaning without insurance. That day they were able to get me the information I needed and set an appointment for later that week. Last Friday was my appointment, I was greeted by their friendly staff whom even made small talk with me during my short wait. The dental hygienist, the dentist and the dental assistant were all very pleasant as well. They were able to modify my exam to no x-rays because I am pregnant, each staff member checked on me and made sure I was comfortable while in the exam chair. Each exam room has their own TV and remote for your viewing pleasure during any procedure, the entire office is clean and new. I was already satisfied with my experience and to top it off I received a personalized thank you card in the mail yesterday, thanking me for choosing their dental group! How cool is that!? I definitely felt appreciated as a customer and I highly recommend this dental office.
5	I love my Dentist!! The entire 7th&Bell team is awesome. I'm a receptionist for a children's dental office,  so I know how important customer service is. Even with their clean waiting room, great equipment,  and  large picture windows, the staff really makes the difference. From scheduling my appointment to my cleaning to the dentist herself:). I did need treatment (which Dr Dewood was nice and clear at explaining), and was offered to get done that same day. Unfortunately I had to leave after my exam and cleaning, but I appreciate the option. I was given an estimate for my treatment plan and a complementary toothbrush welcome kit:) Can't wait to go back and get my treatment done.
