3	3.5 really.  Wet Spa is your typical big-city semi shi-shi neighborhood spa, only it is inside of a Vegas hotel.  For a 50-min facial at the price of $110, it is a Vegas bargain.The facial wasn't exactly bad or good--- more of a washed down version of the best facial I've had in San Francisco.  The free sauna room was a nice treat though.  Overall satisfying--- some kind of pampering before and after drinking yourself numb.
4	Came for massage, facial, and pedicure. I enjoyed that they had fruit, tiny muffins, and tasty cucumber water (tea, juice, etc) so I could eat and rehydrate after the massage during this marathon spa trip. I was very disappointed with the robes - they need replaced, or at least checked for holes. Kind of rough. The shoes were like thick jellies. At least they had nice showers and products for during and after the shower. They are well stocked, clean (as far as I know) and polite.Got a 90 minute Swedish Massage with one of the guys (preferred a girl, but they weren't available at that time) - I really wish I knew they were going to tear into my hair so much so I could say "No lotion stuff in my hair!" Ick, too late. Well now *you* know to ask :)Facial was nice, relaxing, and comfortable. They don't really get too much into skin issues with the basic 90 minute unless you ask to focus on some problem.Pedicure stations were nice big massage chairs, and they had a nice selection of polish. Not too spectacular, just a pedicure.I would go again if I was staying in TI just for the convenience, but I think I'd rather try somewhere else.
1	I came in for their spa mani and pedi and left with a bigger dent in my pocket and expectations than well, expected.  The only luxurious thing here is the strawberry scrub that they used. My technician even packed up a tube of it for me to take. The salon was completely swamped, staff so over booked that two of the forgotten soaking pedicure tubs overflowed spilling into the salon area. What a disaster!My manicure was harsh and abrasive leaving me with blood tinged cuticles and rushed service. My experience left me disappointed and unimpressed.
2	This place is ok.  I was expecting a lot more.  the fitness room is mediocre.  the spa facilities are nice and clean but not opulent at all.  The clientele seems to attract guys who wear swim trunks in the spa.  Hello, this isn't the community pool.  The spa at Bellagio is much better.
4	I was going to make a visit to the pool at TI, so I figured I should probably book an underarm wax at Wet before I inflicted myself upon the other hotel guests. The spa was clean, and I was shown to a private room relatively quickly upon my arrival. The waxer (I can't remember her name, but she's from Hawaii) was so sweet and friendly. We had a nice conversation and I gave her a few suggestions about things she could do on her next visit to San Diego. She did a great job waxing me (no stray hairs left behind), and I had a relaxing time. If you need to get waxed, Wet at TI is the place to go! Just be forewarned: They don't offer Brazilian waxes, so if you want to get that service done here, you're out of luck.
2	The men's side of the spa is pretty average. I took the afternoon off to go workout and get a massage. The gym is pretty basic but they have all the stuff needed to get the job done. The price was 25$ regardless if your staying at the hotel or not. Once inside the spa they provide all the usual's like robes, slippers, soap, razors. The steam room and dry sauna were good however the whirlpool's are the tacky plastic kind and were just not that hot. The place was clean however it is pretty small.
3	I went to Wet 2 years ago because we were staying at Treasure Island. It was my first time in Vegas. I hated TI's casino but everything else especially the rooms were fantastic so I thought the spa would be too. It was small and felt crampt. I had a wrap and it was amazing but was disappointed with everything else. I'd wanted a mud bath but it was broken. The facilities were nothing to sneeze about.
3	I thought they did a good job.  I booked a facial and ended up getting a mini back facial as well...it was spring and I was looking forward to all the tank tops and halters of summer!  They broke the skin for extractions...which I like but I ssume that some people might not like.  The actual spa facilities were clean and tidy.  The snacks could have been better!  All-in-all it was a good spa experience for all of us girls that went together.  No one had any complaints.  I have, however been in better spas for less money - hence the three stars!
