1	We just moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, and after a couple weeks of fine dining, we decided to go for one of our favorite comfort foods - Dominos pizza.Unfortunately, what was our regular order for years and years in LA is inconceivable to the folks at our new local Dominos.  The manager literally called us up to argue with us about our order.  That it had too many toppings, that it wouldn't cook right, that we were manipulating the system (by asking for 4 substitutions on on an Extravaganzza), and that our order was so complicated it would confuse their cooks.I'm sorry, but if your employees can't handle 4 substitutions or cook a pizza with 8 toppings, then maybe they shouldn't be working for Dominos.And quite frankly, neither should this manager for calling us up and arguing with us about our order instead of making sure he has his sh*t together at his store.Piss poor customer service.  Never ordering from here again.  Probably a good thing, will save them a lot of confusion.
1	I was so sad to read the reviews of this Dominos. I have ordered from them a few times and loved it! In fact my family is big on Papa Johns and they liked this Dominos so much they started ordering from here too! I order from here at 3:21 pm today and I don't get my order till 4:13 pm that's the first problem. I tip the guy because its hard to find my house and he found it with no problem...now I'm regretting that. Only because my pizza was cold when I received it. Then I asked for light cheese and I pretty much got dough with veggies barely any sauce and probably enough cheese just to keep the veggies on the pizza. The pizza was so thin I could make a better pizza myself! Next time Digiorno frozen pizza would be better! I will post pictures of my pizza. Avoid this place at all cost will never order here again!!!
1	this is the worst Domino ever in life to even exist I'm staying at Circus Circus with my husband for vacation the  delivery guy can't even come up to the hotel room he expect you to meet him at the valet then we meet him there he's not even there and has is going through a wild goose chase my husband goes to get his ice and see the different Domino's employees from the same shop that we order from delivering to the room right next to please anybody do not order from them on vacation or anybody living here in Las Vegas do not order from them the delivery guy told my husband that he had to give him a three dollar tip because he was waiting on him and when I tried to call the store back to the store can hanging up on us bad service bad employees terrible  plus the pizza guy had our pizza in the back of his pickup truck his food handlers license should be revoked and he should be physically pulled away from any fast food restaurants if any health inspectors  are reading this you should go in  over there and have them searched enough said blow the dust off this place I'm done!!!!!!!!!!
1	The rudest person answered the phone he was  mean, acted like I was bothering him, he was short, raised his voice, and had few smart remarks.   After five minutes of outing up with moron, I hung up on him!  He was insulting and was wrong person to have working the phone.   We got pizza from another pizza shop!
1	Used to be a good store.. Up until a couple of months ago, this store was awesome. Twice now their system has been down, but they knew what my order was.. Ummm, I'm confused!! How do you think we ordered pizza back in the day? Also, a couple of weeks ago it took two hours and it was ice cold. Never received a response from the store manager. .Will never order from Dominos again!!
5	I'm surprised by all the bad reviews! Though, they are at least a few months old.I've ordered from these guys multiple times and each time I have had nothing to complain about. Friendly drivers when I order delivery, friendly workers when I carryout.The other night I ordered delivery at 11:30pm without knowing they closed at midnight(DUH) and waited for about an hour before realizing it wasn't coming that night. The tracker on the website told it my pizza had supposedly arrived ten minutes after I ordered it.So I sent in a little complaint and went to bed disappointed.Then after I got home the next day, even though I was a little bent about never getting my order, I ordered again because I just wanted some delicious pizza to eat and relax after work.Everything went just as nicely as usual, super smiley delivery boy, the pizza was really great. And in the middle of me eating and regaining my trust in Domino's I got a call. I don't know who I spoke to but he seemed very concerned that I had a bad experience with them(when, in all honesty, it wasn't all that bad) and gave me $20 in credit with them to make up for it!I'm very pleased with the customer service I recieved, I've never had a truly bad experience with this Domino's and every employee I've interacted with has only been kind.Thank you!P.S. I actually have no idea how to redeem my twenty dollars of credit since he said he would credit it to my phone number and I only order online... does anyone know how to do that... ohoho...
1	Ordered online 11:30amReceived confirmation email. Tracker said Cory fired up the pizza. Tracker showed no progress, attempted to refresh page. Could not pull up the tracker again. Online said there is no order attached to my phone number.  Called location 3 separate times, waited a total of 11min with no answer. It is now 2:20pm and order never arrived.  Will no longer be ordering from here, ever.
