3	Every Pick Up Stix is the same, so I knew what I was getting when I picked up food here: very tasty Chinese food.  I think their "House Special Chicken" is unlike any other Chinese dish, so I usually get that.  Mixed with rice, that easily makes two meals for me.  While the food is good here, though, it's nothing amazing.  And I much prefer ordering from an independent Chinese restaurant, so I don't come here that often.  Definitely a top choice when shopping in "Best In The West" and want to grab a meal after.
3	I came across this place by accident.  I took a class and was in need of some food for lunch.  Being that I was coming from out of town, I obviously didn't bring food with me for convenience so I came across Pick Up Stix and was game.  After all, I see the commercials for the place all the time, but never got the chance to check it out since I don't have any near me at home.  It wasn't too busy, met by a portly gentleman who took my order.  I went with the chow mein, shrimp and vegetables lunch combo with two vegetable dumplings.  The shrimp and vegetables were good, nice flavor, plenty of shrimp for a fast food joint.  The chow mein was a bit salty in my taste and I would have liked some vegetables with it.  The dumplings were OK, nothing spectacular, basically something you get from a fast food joint.  Service was pretty good as they brought the food to my table and then cashier/server was polite when she replaced the portly gentleman who appeared to be the manager.Overall, it's decent, similar to Panda Express.  If I knew of good Chinese food in the area, I would go there first, but it's a nice alternative to the burger joints out there.  Not bad for my first time there except I wouldn't go with the chow mein again.
3	Need a quick fix but a change from Panda Express?  This place is different in that the food is cooked to order, and fast.  For my first experience here, Pick up Stix didn't disappoint.  I liked their food more than Panda Express in terms of fast Asian food, especially because they cook it to order, so the food is nice and piping hot when you get it.I decided to try their honey chicken and some chicken chow mein, not expecting it to be huge portion sizes.  They were family sized, definitely.  Seven bucks can feed 2 to 3 people!  Not bad for fast chinese food.  Chicken chow mein: next time I'll order just veggie because they put a ton of chicken in there, but overall it was good mall quality fast chow mein.  A bit salty but with that slight hint of sweetness in the background, their chow mein was piping hot in that novelty chinese food box and was fun to eat out of it (I ordered to go).  Onions were nicely seared and cooked just right, and lots of celery and carrots and green onion, too.  Not bad.Honey Chicken: I was shocked at how nice and crispy it was despite the sauce.  Tangy and sweet, nicely spiced, it was a great pick.  It was much better than the mall chinese places and definitely better than panda express, so I was happy.  I was honestly shocked as to how crispy it was because most places have things like this but they are already soggy.  Cooked to order makes a huge difference.This was a great break from Panda Express when I needed fast chinese mall food.  If you want genuine, of course this isn't the place to go.  If you want fast chinese food, this might be another good choice on your list.Stop by and you get a coupon for a free entree with a purchase of another, too.  I"ll probably come back again when I'm not in the mood to cook and want quick Chinese food.  Give it a try for fun.
3	I stopped here for lunch recently.  They give you a number and bring your food to the table when it's ready.  I had to wait about five minutes, but it was worth it.My Chicken Teriyaki bowl served over brown rice was excellent, and only $5.29 (about $2 cheaper than Samurai Sams).  I prefer the healthier brown rice because I think it tastes better, but you can order white rice if you prefer .  You can also ask for the teriyaki sauce on the side, and they give you a generous portion.  I also found out they have tasty cream cheese wontons, normally 3 for $2.29 or 6 for $4.39.  There happened to a special on them when I was there last -- only 25 cents each.   If you a want tasty, inexpensive, asian-style meal, I recommend Pick up Stix.
3	My lomein was average nothing special. My dinner partner was disappointed with the lack of being able to pick and chose items for her meal. We both thought it tasted very good/fresh. We will be back to try other dishes.
