2	I now have a love-hate relationship with this place. *sigh*The first time I went back in 2005, I was impressed for a few reasons, the first one being that a nice, high end restaurant would be in the West Island, and that it would do well.So when I planned my visit to Montreal just a few weeks ago, my sister and I decided this would be a great place to get together with my dearest MTL girls. We made plans for 20 and gave them a month's notice. No problem. 20 people, on a Friday night at 630. Awesome.LOVE.A few days before the event, they called my sister (who was the main contact since she's local), and told her that we needed to vacate by 830. That's when they lost me. Are you EFFING KIDDING ME?! I bring you 20 people for dinner and drinks on a Friday night and you give us a two hour window?... it's almost as if they hate money or something.My sister told them that it was ridiculous and that we couldn't do that because of potential late arrivals and you know, the fact that this place is pricey and we were putting down good money. HATE.We arrived as scheduled and when we got there, the tables were ready to go. We were seated and everything was great as my guests started to arrive.LOVE.Until it was time to order, when our waiters were MIA. And so went the night, highs and lows, including when the food came out fast (LOVE) and when a few guests were late, the staff asking us to consolidate tables (HATE). We did stay past our 830 "deadline" - but as the night went on and we wanted dessert, coffee, tea, etc, it was such a pain to get a waitress (HATE).I know, I know: TL;DR -- this sums it up. If you're going to grab dinner, this place is fine. If you want to host an event here, don't. I know I won't, and neither will all of my guests who were equally unimpressed with Baton Rouge.
5	Best ribs ever. Love the atmosphere, love the food. Every time I go there I have to have their ribs. So tender they fall off the bone.
3	Again, your typical steakhouse. I went there a couple of times and the experiences were great. Good service, perfectly cooked steaks, and the ambience and decors were great.However, I was not very impressed with the steamed vegetables I had during my last visit. They were huge chunks of 1/4lbs of broccoli and cauliflower with absolutely no seasoning but a dash of Parmesan cheese. Not exactly what I had in mind and definitely not appealing.
5	Well it's Baton Rouge it's f..... Amazing.
1	Oi. Normally a go to place, until we got food poisoning. Three out of six got severe stomach cramps and the sh**s. Not pleasant. Issued a complaint and had no response.  Since then everybody has said never eat the cole slaw from there. Just a heads up.
2	Not a fan.  While the ribs and steak may be great, I can't say; stay away from the seafood.  The first time I was there, I ordered the Ahi Tuna, safe bet as all that needs to be done is proper seasoning and a kiss from the grill.  Second time, same thing - Ahi.  It was good.  Third time, I figured I would try something different; bad, bad mistake.  Calamari and shrimp, supposedly grilled.  They were overcooked and rendered inedible.  The Calamari had the consistency of rubber tire, the shrimp was tough and almost tasteless were it not for all the oil that it was floating around in.  It was horrendous.  The type of oily that leaves you nauseated.  I sent a letter to their head office and to their credit, they sent me a gift certificate to try again.  I tried again, last night.  The "special" was Mahi Mahi.  I love Mahi Mahi.  My companion and I ordered the Mahi Mahi.  He ordered his blackened with Cajun seasoning and I ordered a simple grilled offering.  Half my fish was relatively cooked, the other half was almost raw.  His was cooked but was far from "blackened".We had a third dinner companion who ordered the ribs and was very happy with them.I won't be returning to Baton Rouge.  I believe that when something is offered on a menu and/or announced as a "special' that the kitchen is capable of delivering a properly prepared dish.  If you plan a dinner at the restaurant, apparently, you are quite safe ordering the steak or the ribs; I do not recommend the fish or seafood, with the obvious exception of the Ahi which is, frankly, rather hard to screw up.
1	Well, the soup was Ok. For a restaurant that calls itself a 'steakhouse', I expect a descent steak, cooked at least close to how it was ordered.I ordered a NY Strip rare, which arrived med.well. I'm not in the habit ofreturning food, but for $34 I returned it & consequently had to wait another 20 minutes for it to be replaced. This one was med, so figured that was the best I was going to get (a small over cooked steak).Disappointing to say the least. Maybe it was just an off night, because for some reason the place is always packed.Summary: loud, overpriced with poor quality control.
