1	The employee's treat you like dirt if they think that you are tourists. (Which we were) They even go so far as to harass you if you are winning at Blackjack, so you'll leave. We were ahead when they were harassing us but still didn't want to leave because even though it was only $2 game, we kept winning. We even took a free spin on their wheel and won $50. All together between me and my wife we won about $135. Of course we wouldn't go back there again, because of the way they treat people but who cares, we took the jerks for 135 bucks!!
1	Hi,I visited bighorn casino in nort las vegas and after 3 shoes in black jack i started to feel that somting is wrong. the ten card was mising all the time. after 10 shoes i was sure about that.I ask the menager to see the card (i was alone on the table), and he say - no. when i ask for a reason, he say "because i say so".I left with a bad feeling and not recommend going there.
1	It's a shame how they treat their regular customers. A friend of mine has been going to this place on a regular basis. He recently had an incident where they stole his wallet. He went up to management to complain, they replied by treating him with disrespect, and putting on the blame on him.They "claimed" they checked the surveillance videos and could not see who took his wallet. They only took two minutes to check and came back with the excuse that it was too dark for them to see who took it. I understand it is one's responsibility to hold on to one's valuables, but they could at least pretend that they care in helping the customer out. Specially if he/she is a regular. Perhaps the manager and security staff are jaded and in need of a new place to work.How is it possible that a bar that sells beer for $1 can be so empty all the time. Whatever the case maybe, I cannot recommend this place, if new management were to be replaced, I could see this place flourish again.
2	Big Horn Casino is a small neighborhood bar/diner/casino.  I like going because it is VERY close to where I'm currently located.  I also like their 24 hour food specials. Unlike the strip or even downtown, you can go in any time and get their food specials. However, you have to either look at the signs outside or ask the server because the specials are not mentioned on the menu or even on any kind of placards on the tables.As for the gambling, I enjoy playing slots and there are a limited number of machines due to the location being rather small.  Then again, that's why it's a local "joint."  I usually go Monday through Thursday.  I tried going on a Friday night around 6:30pm and couldn't even find a decent parking space, so I just left. Oh and I love that they sell Modelo and Corona's for only $1.00 per bottle...that's the price at the bar or even in the restaurant.  Heck, cheaper than a cup of coffee!!Overall, it's not bad for what it is...a local gambling joint.
5	This place is actually really cool. It has table games, a bar, and a restaurant. I went because they had a $5.00 deal for steak. We got a New York steak, a salad, mashed potatoes and gravy, and vegetables. The food was delicious for 5 bucks! Then I played blackjack afterwards for 10 minutes and won $45 bucks. A great visit for me, I definitely suggest it and I will return.
3	Talk about delicious.I promise that when I write a review of any place its is because I have tried them more than once. I have been here for the gambling scene, which in my opinion is....mehh, OK.  The bartenders are mediocre. Pfffft what more can you expect. The beer is always cheap, $1.00 for most beers.This place is mostly populated with hispanics.That's why they call it the casino de los Hispanos.Here is the most important part though. They have really, I mean really good food. The country fried stake the small order (which is enough for me) is only $3.99, the lasagna is bomb, and my favorite the tomato basil soup, all for under $7.00. They do have a little 4x3 inch laminated paper inside the menu with the specials for the day. Or you can simply ask the server to tell you what they are. The staff that works at the restaurant are super friendly.Here is there down fall they DO NOT ALLOW KIDS in the restaurant. (most places due)Here is my first review for 2014! :)
2	Tiny, smoke-filled casino in a trashy part of town. Security was a bit on the rude side: asked to see my ID upon entry, and when I asked why he growled at me that I looked like a teenager. Uh, get your eyes checked.Only went for the restaurant, as my BF has fond memories of their ultra low-price specials. We both opted for the steak and eggs, which also comes with your choice of hashbrowns (for me) or homefries (for him), and bread (which neither of us got). My guy added a stack of pancakes.Steaks and eggs were properly cooked to order but nothing was seasoned- reminded me of dining at a hospital. Luckily they have a giant basket of condiments at each table, including steak sauce, tabasco, Cholula, and S&P, nearly all of which we made use of.Pancakes were okay- a bit on the thin side but well-sized, served with single-serving cups of Log Cabin syrup rather than a bottle or a warmed portion in a cup.Staff was okay, server seemed exhausted so I guess she'd been working all night. One of the male kitchen staff kept coming out to the dining area like clockwork every five minutes, rearranging the tables and chairs at random. Very odd.BF is really upset that I didn't like this place more. It wasn't problematic, and the prices are good, but not worth the drive for food I can easily make better on my own for the same price. Good for late-night post-drinks dining though, I'm sure.
