4	Just like Bruno L. said, TV dinner #17 is a can't go wrong selection and it's only $7.95 with free delivery!  It's not the most amazing chinese food you've ever had but it's huge and cheap and more than half decent!   General Tao chicken is a heaping portion of large slices of general tao chicken with a tasty/tangy not overly spicy sauce - one of the better versions of general tao chicken that I've had in my lifetime.TV Dinners are between $6.95-$7.95 come with a huge container of chicken fried rice, a delicious egg roll,  and a little side container of dipping sauce.  It's a realliy great value, and delivery was suuuper fast and friendly! Open til 11pm -  I will definitely be ordering from these guys again.P.S. The wonton soup is really flavourful too!
2	Okay so after writing my first review I revisited this restaurant a few times for take out/delivery and I have to update the original to include the following disclaimer:What it says on the menu is not necessarily what you will receive.I guess the definition of "chinese" food varies by region but having basicallyi grown up in Chinatown Toronto, I kind of have an idea of what's what on a chinese restaurant menu.  That being said, I ordered delivery of "pork chow mein" and received "pork fried rice".  I called to report the error and they said if I wanted the chow mein they'd send it right out but I'd have to return the "pork fried rice".  We found this little bit annoying because the rest of our food had arrived and was still hot and we wanted to get started, but we had to then wait 30 mins for the chow mein to arrive and make the exchange, at which point the rest of the food was cold.  When the replacement did arrive, it was not "pork chow mein" but "pork chop suey".  I called back again to let her know of the 2nd mistake, this time they said keep the chop suey and they'd credit a pork chow mein to my name/number for next time.  In their defense, the pork chop suey was quite tasty, as was the wonton soup and chicken we ordered, so it wasn't really that huge a let down in the long run. A few weeks later I decided to cash in on the replacement pork chow mein, and also decided to order more of their (admittedly DELICICOUS) wonton soup and some chicken balls.  Even though they have both "Chicken Balls" and "Pineapple chicken" on their menu on seperate lines, and at seperate prices, the order taker informs me that "chicken balls" are the same as "pineapple chicken".  Okay fine, I'll take whatever y ou wanna call it as long as it's the balls in the red sauce junk food that I'm craving right now.  Although it was just standard red sauce and chicken balls, they were great, but "pineapple chicken" they were not.... and the "pork chow mein" they were supposed to send?  It was "pork chop suey" yet again.  I didn't bother calling to correct it this time.  The food was decent and the price is reasonable. I'll probably order from them again, but I will keep in mind that what you order off the menu is not necessarily what will show up when you open the box.
1	This was the WORST Chinese food I have ever eaten. Before eating here, even 'bad' Chinese food was still 'ok' .. But this place gave new meaning to the word bad-- which is a shame, because the ladies behind the desk are absolutely lovely. The chow mien with chicken gave a nasty new meaning to 50 shades of grey. Grey chicken, grey vegetables, grey noodles. On top of miscellaneous brown rice. I wish it was bland... But it simply tastes old. Furthermore, I found a small brown rock in my food... Which wasn't even my least favorite bite. How this place has survived, I will never know. Absolutely deplorable.
