5	Literally a week and a half ago this spot housed a renovated attempt at a local bar that had gone under and sat vacant for nearly a decade or longer.  Just days later this delightful new Thai restaurant popped up in its place!  Featuring lunch specials and dinner plates priced very reasonably "My Thai" hits a special spot between value, courteous and quick service, and above all fantastic flavors that abound with seemingly every dish! The ranges of curries alone vary from standard coconut milk based dishes to pumpkin and pineapple.Overall a very pleasant experience and one that will have me jaunting just a few blocks away to here on hopefully a fairly regular basis!
5	I'm so glad that this place replaced Cip's. We came here the day it opened not knowing that and happened to be their first customers! I had the pineapple curry and it was A-MAZ-ING. My husband had the Pad Kee Maw (flat rice noodles) with beef and he loved it. Their spice level is 1-5 instead of 1-10, fyi. Today I went for lunch and had the ginger chicken. It was a little heavy on the oil but that's what makes it good!
4	I drove past a few times and said to myself, wasn't that a bar a couple weeks ago? Were they really able to open it up into a restaurant that quick? Yes! And the food is amazing!!!! The staff was extremely welcoming and my pineapple chicken curry gave life! Not to mention the delicious cocktails as well! There is no doubt they will be seeing a lot of me and my husband!
4	The service was very good. The have a bar with 3 TVs and my lychee drink was very good as were the fresh summer rolls. My noodle dish was good, but I got a 2 out of 5 on the spice level and absolutely could have handled a 3. It was good by all means though I think the flavors are a bit more bold at Thai Spoon. My husband had the pumpkin curry and again it was good through the one at Nicki's Thai Kitchen is a bit better. It was not very busy but there was a lot of take out orders. I would go again, it would be a great place to watch a game and have some Thai food but it's not the best Thai I've ever had but it certainly was good. I do prefer the food down the road at Thai Spoon, but this place has a full bar and you're not crowded against the next table like you are at Thai Spoon.
4	Eye pleasing colors/interior decor. They had pleasant Thai music playing. I got pad thai chicken as well as the cashew nut entrees. A bowl of tom kha soup. All were excellent and exceeded my expectations. This is coming from someone who has dined @ nicky's thai kitchen many times.  the flavor density of the cashew nut dish was amazing .  they've got it dialed in, just right , to my taste buds . the tom kha was neither too watery/thin nor mucky .  (some places like Thai spoon water the soups down much too much .)Prices are high-ish but, this place is definetly 'better' than Thai Spoon, around the corner. the portion size of the tom kha soup was small .  nicky's thai kitchen gives you nearly twice the volume of soup for the same price .  the cashew nut stir-fry was on the skimpy/small side, as well .  true that this was a "lunch special" portion but , i'm a hungry American male and I like a big lunch . you pay nearly $5 more for the full-size entree portion ... *parking* could be problematic if you're driving here because there is very limited on-street metered parking unless you get creative and find one of the residential streets to park on, some of which are one-way only .  despite these issues, i'm sure I will be back to dine, again and try other items on the menu which all looked good in words.  Dormont and the South PGH / South hills areas, in general are much better off with the addition of "My Thai" .
4	My first visit to this relatively new Thai offering.  I am so pleased to have this reasonably priced, solid menu, casual Thai restaurant in the South Hills!The service is polite and friendly, as well as helpful if you are not a Thai regular.I had the Duck Curry.  My Son had Thai Noodle Curry. The heat levels go from 1-5 and they will caution you accordingly.I rate my Curry at a solid 4.  My son is about the same...he asked for more heat after sampling, the wait staff was quick to remedy!They have a full battery, however I had the Jasmine tea, which was a great compliment to the meal.I look forward to trying their weekday lunch specials which include many different curries at under $8, including salad!If you want a casual, authentic Thai experience that won't strip your budget, I highly recommend "My Thai".
5	My husband and I ordered the fresh rolls, crab Rangoon, and Pad See Ew. Everything was fresh and flavorful. Although I lack experience with Thai food, the scrumptious food at My Thai will keep me coming back to try new dishes. The service was attentive and polite. I will definitely be going back, and I sincerely hope they make it!
4	I came here few weeks ago for the first time and I thought it was great! I know the place is pretty new and there was a lot of people there already. The drinks were great, appetizers and food came really fast. I love the restaurants in the south hills and this is one that has become a keeper for me! I also compare it to other restaurants that do not appreciate their customers and this one truly do appreciate and respect their customers. I will recommend this place to anyone. They will do great!
