4	Nice new and clean. 4 stars due to fact that I've been in a dump. This seems like paradise. close to many chain restaurants and the speedway.
4	Loved it! It was a suite and for the same price as a regular hotel room. It was clean, quiet and had a huge television. It was a welcome respite for the business trip we completed. We wanted to stay another day because we liked the room so much. My only suggestion is to expand the vegan food options at breakfast.
5	This hotel was perfect for us!  I loved everything about it.  I was impressed from the time we entered our suite.  The living space was open and clean with mix of modern and traditional furniture/decor (sounds weird but it works), complete with a fireplace and mounted, flat screen TV.  There was a full size, stainless steel refrigerator in the kitchen area along with a full size dish washer.  The cabinets were stocked with utensils, plates, glasses, cookware, etc...  There was a full size stove (not one of those funky little stoves with two burners) as well as a microwave and of course, a sink.   All counter tops are granite, all very clean!  The bathroom space was also very open and well lit, with the toilet and shower separate from the sink area (with a door vs a partition) - that was a plus.  The counters space was pretty large and there were ample towels, in all sizes, available for our use - another plus. The bedroom was very cozy and welcoming.  The lighting set-up worked well because the lamps were built into the headboard versus sitting on a side table.  In some cases, when lamps are placed on the side table they're usually too far out of reach for one to comfortably reach over and switch them off - that's not the case here.  Just reach up and flip the switch.  There was a flat screen TV in the bedroom as well.  My husband was really pleased with their channel selection because he was able to watch the football game!  The bed was very comfortable!  We loved every aspect of this hotel...ESPECIALLY the cleanliness.   Our room was PRISTINE!We didn't stay long enough to try out any of the amenities, services or food.  Maybe next time!  If so, I will update this review.
4	Me & my son love it.....in my top 3 of places to stop. Great places to eat, great shopping area.Fabulous room with plenty of  living space.we brought our xbox so we gonna have a little fun as we wait to bring in 2014
4	Newer prototype of this extended stay concept.  I don't like Residence Inns that are set up in townhouse clusters, but this property is set up like a traditional hotel with interior hallways, club house, evening meal and outdoor activities.  Great location near Concord Mills with tons of shopping and chain restaurants.  Friendly check-in, clean room, new furniture and decor.  Great spot with much cheaper rates than you will find as you get closer into Charlotte.
5	Great hotel! Good size and layout of the rooms. Very clean and the staff is friendly. A lot of nice amenities- pool, workout , fire pit w grille, picnic tables and even a putting areas. Def recommend for a family or work stay!
5	This is the best hotel EVER. They offer free dinner Monday - Wednesday.  This also includes wine and beer... also free. The rooms are really nice and the bed was comfortable. The staff is helpful and friendly. I will only stay at a Residence Inn from now on. They also have fully equipped kitchen and a BBQ grill outside that is for the guest to use. The breakfast has an excellent variety of choices as well. I highly recommend anyone to stay here!
