4	Man Cave is one of the best cigar lounges in Vegas.  This place has a ton of great pros for any man, much more for any man that loves cigars.  - Nice walk-in humidor- Great prices on all their sticks and boxes- Jason and the owner Charles are great to talk to - There is a private conference room that can be rented for poker and cigar night-  73' & 50' TV's for your viewing pleasure (nice)Overall, one of the best, don't pass it up
3	I don't know Rob M, but Michael P is a good guy. That being said, I think they're nuts to say "great prices." Maybe there's a Good Guy hook-up price, but from my couple of visits, pricing is actually my number one (and possibly only) complaint. The fellas who have helped me when I've shopped there have been nothing but nice, and they definitely have a large, comfortable, and from the looks of it, versatile lounge area. They have a decent location, and a pretty good selection in the humidor. Not a ton of accessories for sale - it seems like they have the really important stuff and just none of the fluff that's nice to browse. So it just comes back to the money thing. If stick prices were a little better, or if they had a wider selection (so that I could find a cigar I like more so that the extra money isn't as regrettable) I wouldn't hesitate to award 4 stars. When it comes to cigar shops, I'm a bit of a stickler, and I hate to let 'em off the hook. I'm sure I'll be back in the future, and if my thoughts change on the prices, I'll report back. In the meantime, it's a nice place to hang out and have a smoke, but be prepared to drop a few extra bucks to do it.
1	I went back here, and it turns out I was wrong. Way wrong. I do not like the way this shop is ran. The high prices are still high. The management is not friendly, nor are they cool. I really missed the mark on that one. Don't waste your time with this place, pick up a cigar down the street and smoke at Remedys right next door to this place...more comfortable and with less aggravation to deal with.
5	I love this place ! Charles is the best, great customer service very informative and friendly. I went into Man Cave with no cigar knowledge and now several months later I'm still going back learning new things and impressing my man with great cigars . What a great find.
3	I stopped in here one day when I was on a day trip to Vegas from Los Angeles. I figured I would grab a smoke for the ride back to LA and the Man Cave was there.The interior needs work. There is plenty of space, but it could be organized/laid out better. It felt like I was given a pre-opening peak to a business where the finishing touches hadn't been put in place.The walk-in humidor was a decent size and the selection was fine. They didn't have some of the smokes I typically get, but hey, not every place has everything. The worst part, though, was that the employee basically hovers over you the moment you step inside the humidor. I get it, people steal, but that's what cameras are for...and you have them. Every cigar I paused on, he would make some comment about it. I then asked if he had the Purple line from Acid and he said that Drew Estate didn't have Purple. I was like, "yeah they do." And he said, "No, they only have..." So I just grabbed a couple and got the hell out of there.
5	I have been traveling the US for the past year, but I still enjoy more than anything, lighting up a great cigar and relaxing on a big old leather love-seat.  This is the place!    The Man Cave provides everything I want and more.  From the moment you step in, you are heartily welcomed by the owner and accompanied to the humidor.  Some fellow reviewers don't like this aspect, but I personally love to learn and the amount of knowledge the guys have and are willing to share just makes the experience even more satisfying.  After you pick out your stick for the evening, it's time to take in the true sites of the cave.  There are several soft leather chairs and couches for you to relax in and a large television to enjoy.  Lite refreshments are served and this just adds to the great atmosphere.  The Cave has such a local feel and quality atmosphere, you can't help but to just relax and enjoy the evening.  They have free, fast wifi and plenty of extras for you to purchase like ashtrays and cutters.  All the best brands.  I look forward to going back at least weekly, but probably I'll be a twice-a-weeker.  Look forward to seeing you there!!!  Take care and feel free to say hey if you see me hangin' around!-Joey Pipes
3	Place is cool..needs a bit more vibe music..but is clean and has great cigars ! all men should stop by !!
5	Like the previous person that posted, I have been traveling the Western Half of the US for 5 years, and have made it a point to stop in at local cigar lounges in the city I'm staying in. So after visiting over 30 different lounges, this is by far the absolute best cigar lounge I have been to. Now in Vegas you can visit several lounges in casinos, and stand alone locations... I try to arrange my flights so that I can have as many evenings in the Man Cave that I can.You are made to feel welcome the second you walk in the door. Now I'm in Vegas about once every other month, the owner and the employees remember me every time. When they accompany you to the humidor, tell them what you like...and listen to thier recommendations. I have experienced cigars that I would have never considered, and virtually every suggestion is spot on. The atmosphere is perfect. You feel right at home. The clientele, which must be all local, is friendly, and they only enhance that at home feeling.Make this your last stop for a cigar lounge in Vegas, because it will be the only place you will consider going back every time.
5	My favorite cigar lounge in Las Vegas. Charles and Jason know their cigars. I make sure I stop in here every trip to Las Vegas and smoke in their lounge, it's quiet and peaceful.They always help me choose the cigar that is right for me. I am not always familiar with all of their cigars and them going with me into the humidor helps me.I will be sure to stop by in December when I am in Las Vegas again.
5	When I first moved to Las Vegas, I spent a great deal of time searching for the right cigar lounge. The Man Cave is simply the best in Las Vegas! I've been to many of the surrounding cigar shops, and nobody but the Man Cave will actually help you find cigars that suit your taste. They take great care in getting to know their patrons, and recommend cigars that they will love. I've never been steered wrong on a cigar choice from these guys. The other regular customers are among the best class of people to enjoy a cigar with. The lounge is large, with very comfortable seats all over! I'm talking, the kinda seats that have you firing your chiropractor. It's that comfortable. And the big screen tv on center stage, kinda feels like the tv every grown man wants in their personal man cave. The shows are always interesting, and chosen by general consensus. The place is put together by a feng shui specialist, and you feel it when you walk in. I'm not much of a believer in evil spirits, but I know, when I walk into the Man Cave, I feel nothing but good vibes. Now for the most important part... The humidor. The selection looks small, but don't let size fool you! Most of the larger humidors I have been in, only fill the shelves by stocking the empty space with crap cigars. You won't find that at the Man Cave. They carry premium taste cigars, and none of the shelf filler garbage. The price range is still phenomenal. The cigars range from $5-$40, so you're gonna get premium tobacco, but not at the cost of the word "premium". This place is my home away from home now. You have to try it out!
5	Me and my friends who visit Vegas make this place a must to visit.  Charles always welcomes us and has very good recommendations for a good smoke.     Last time we were there...kill bills where on the menu as well as the pio resurrection....great cigars.....we even stayed for the first half of the UH vs. USC game...being that we are from Hawaii and share a passion for Rainbow Warrior football, it was a nice offer.  Always nice, always friendly....truly a great experience.
5	OMG! Impeccable hospitality here at Man Cave. Charles and Jason are just phenomenal. So, if you want to escape all the lights and glitters of the strip come make time to burn.
5	This was my first time here to visit a friend. I have seen this place since it was built and always wondered what it was like.Not being a smoker,(I am an ex cigarette smoke from years ago) the smell in this place was amazing.  Unlike cigarettes which have a disgusting ashtray chemical smell, in here you can smell the richness of quality cigars without chemicals.  I did not realize the difference in the process of making a cigar & making a cigarette.  The smell did not bother me or my sinuses and when I left the smell did not follow me as it does coming out of a bar.The atmosphere in here is very relaxing and you can actually enjoy yourself.  It is a place of comfort and you leave feeling refreshed & refined.I am glad I stopped in here and I will be back again.  This is a place of class and if you are a cigarette smoker I am sorry to say this is not the place for you.
4	Sooo it's the man cave, but I'm a woman though....They have a decent enough selection in their humidor, there were a few items that I wasn't seeing in any other B&Ms as well as some standard favorites. I don't see La Palina often so we grabbed up a "Kill Bill" 1. The prices seemed alright enough...like almost every place some sticks are finely priced and some are not. The guy helping us was really nice though and had good knowledge on what they were selling as well as the general back stories to brands. I didn't know that La Palina family started CBS. Inside the lounge had really low lighting and was dark. Some people might be into it, but it definitely gives a different option in the cigar smoking experience. They had the TVs going so it's like smoking in a movie theater. Did not smoke in this visit though so I can't comment more based on experiencing it. It seems like a  decent enough place. I would probably visit this spot again if I'm on this side of town.
5	OMG. OMG. OMG.You like crappy cigars, bad service, and not having wifi? Then stay away from this place. Charlie is great and the high ceilings mean there's not a lot of lingering smoke. It feels upscale, but the prices are mid-level. Every time I go back to Henderson, I'm making a special stop here. Plus, they have cool bricks to light matches from. If my four chest hairs didn't make me feel like a man, lighting those matches sure did.
5	Nothing quite matches the quality of people that frequent the Man Cave...... The cigars are great too. If you come in to buy a cigar or two, make sure you stick around to smoke one in the lounge and meet some great new friends.
