5	The name says it all- G*R*E*A*T!About $10 a person and by far THE BEST CHINESE buffet I have ever been.  All the foods were made fresh and restocked continuously.  Typically I run from the sushi at these places, but Great China's sushi was actually ok.  They even had Dim Sum that was done right.  The lo mein was perfect.  There was a huge variety of veggies, chicken dishes, beef dishes, shrimp, fish dishes-- all were superb.  The egg rolls were delicious and made to perfection.  I was very happy with Great China.You must try this place.
1	This place was the ABSOLUTE PITS!!!I've been to Great China many times in the past, but my last few visits definitely left a NOT SO G-R-E-A-T taste in my mouth. In particularly my visit to them last night, 06/23/2009. The place was closing in an hour, and being a buffet I assumed that had NO BEARING on the quality of food or the customer service value. When we got there, there was NO food left in the trays, NO sushi and the beef and broccoli was nothing more than a garden of broccoli. When I asked for more food to be placed out, it was like pulling teeth as I waited for them for at least 15 more minutes to put out some more food. When i got the food, there seemed to be a gelatinous goo (beef sauce?) covering the beef and broccoli! When I finally said something to the lady at the register, she replied, "Well, did you eat the food or not? If you ate it, you pay, and if you don't like the food DON'T COME BACK!" You can BET ON IT LADY!!! I will NOT be back EVER, and I will NEVER recommend "NOT-SO-Great China" to anyone!
4	Wow, another big, beautiful Chinese Buffet to try!GCSB here greeted me with 83 food choices to try, not including condiments, sauces, dressings, & so on.  It sits in a big, stylish, stand-alone building of new & used bricks, with open beam ceilings & a masterful architectural design.  The seating, food service layout, lighting, temperature control, & acoustics all work together so well that it's a fun, comfortable place to be, before you even get to the food!One of the culinary delights for me today was a delicious broccoli salad with real pieces of bacon about an inch square, capers (!), & a deliciously different dressing.  The sushi was good too, & there were a generous number of other seafood dishes, including a shrimp & vegetables dish with big shrimp in it, tasty stuffed scallops on the half-shell, & delicious flame-broiled salmon, .  The fried chicken & the boneless pork spare ribs were both particularly good as well, most everything was labeled, & the service was friendly.Lots to like here...  it nips at 5-Stars!  Low prices too.Lunch Buffet $7.09, Sr. $6.38
5	Clean; fresh food great selection. Outstanding service. We got here at 11 am all food was fresh and will come back. We learned to stay away from buffets towards the end of the day.  Be first.   We are stuffed. :)
4	Went here yesterday for lunch at about 11:45am in order to beat the lunch crowd. No need, there is plenty of seating. There is some shaded parking in the big lot, and several handicapped parking spaces right next to the sidewalk leading to the door, which faces north. I really liked it here. Clean, friendly servers, lots of varied choices, and nice fresh food. IMO they need more dessert choices, but really there's so much food that I couldn't even get to one of the islands (salad) because I was too stuffed after 2 passes at the other islands. I think there are 5 maybe 6 islands, all full of delicious-looking food. There should be something for everyone here, including kids. Nothing looked too exotic or icky. The condiments were good. The salad bar looked varied and quite adequate (couldn't get to it; too stuffed).The only down side was that I just read a review below indicating there is a senior discount. I am a senior and so was my companion, but we paid full price ($10 for lunch). I will definitely be asking for the senior discount when we go back. I live fairly close to it so will probably go once or twice a month. Since the other Chinese buffets within 10 miles didn't get nearly as high a rating I'm glad it's close.One a side note: The restaurant was playing authentic Chinese music when we walked in, but it switched very soon to American muzak. I would have preferred to keep hearing the Chinese music. I appreciate when an ethnic restaurant plays the music of its own country. A nicer, more authentic touch.One final note: One reviewer here said this restaurant doesn't have clams. I saw some yesterday, had a couple, they were small and delicious.
4	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =Sadly, this excellent Buffet has closed!     :-(
