3	I visited San Tan looking for information. I received a quote from another landscape company and didn't know what some of the trees were. A young kid approached me and me if I had been helped. He looked about 15, but to my surprise he was very knowledgable about each species of plant there. He showed me everything I asked about, introduced me to other varieties and before it was over, gave me a quote that was $700 less than the other guy. They let me design the yard, choose the specific plants and put a flag in my yard indicating where they should go. I wrote up the order and paid the total that afternoon.The vendors began arriving just a few days later. A day later a team of workers showed up and spent the day installing everything. Overall it looked good and was exactly as I planned it out. Some things I would have liked would be a walkthrough by the team lead before they left and maybe a follow up call after the job was complete. As it was, when the guys were finished, they just left. The nursery never called to see if we were satisfied with the install. There are some issues with a portion of the lawn retaining too much water. I did call and received some suggestions to try. The employee did say if that doesn't work, they would come out and examine the yard. It comes with a 3 month warranty and 1 year extended.It would be 5 stars with follow up after the job, but overall I was satisfied with the service.
4	I bought a Sonoran Emerald Palo Verde tree there in the past ... good service and beautiful tree ... now see "going out of business"ad in 7-16-11 Santan Sun News "Going out of business Clearance sale" all stock cash & carry no credit cards. - must be gone by end of July - doors closing! info@santannursery.com (no web site that works) on Chandler Heights between Cooper & Gilbert.
1	I was horribly disappointed by my landscaping job.  My father-in-law passed so I had to leave the state.  I was not there to oversee the landscaping job.   When I returned, they gave me the WRONG rock for my front yard and didn't have enough for the back.  When they returned weeks later with the rock, it was incorrect yet again--I just dealt with it.   They didn't finished putting in all the scrubs and trees and I had to call a number of times to get it done.  This yard project was done a few years ago and I still am bitter about it.
