5	Rob is very knowledgeable in health and disability insurance and in the changing time we are going through in those areas, he is a great resource to have.   He is extremely professional and spends the time with you to understand your situation and explain the solutions for your personal and family needs.  Should you be totally confused with how the government is impacting your health coverage and solutions to make it better for you, I strongly recommend you contact Rob and have him spend some time with you.  You will be glad you did.
5	Rob is awesome at insurance. I have known him for years and he is always reliable and honest. He just saved a group of employees I know alot of money and made them so happy. Such a great guy and I trust him with anyone I know.
5	I recently bought health insurance through Rob. He is truly an expert and made it so easy. Why go to some website that doesn't work when you can just call Rob. I highly recommend him to everybody.
5	If the current health care climate has you confused, Rob Hess can help.  Rob walked me through the mess that is health care and found a policy that meets my needs.  I couldn't have done it without Rob.
5	Rob was a tremendous help when my company was signing up for new health care coverage this year.  He completed all the applications, monitored their process through the insurance company, and is always available for a phone call or meeting when we need him.  I highly recommend Rob.  He won't oversell you but will help you find the right insurance for you or your company's needs.
5	I found Rob to be friendly and knowledgeable, and very patient with all of my questions regarding the recent health care changes. If you want the straight answer without pushy sales get it from Rob.
5	Mr. Hess knows his stuff when it comes to Insurance.  With all the new rules and all of the confusing do's and don'ts , you need to put your faith in the hands of someone that can steer you right when you can't seem to make heads or tails of this stuff.  Great person with great options!!!  If you need insurance, then you need Rob!!!
5	Rob was extremely helpful in unwinding the mysteries of the affordable care act for my wife and I and I would highly recommend you have Rob help you understand all of the details.  Also their was no cost for Rob's services as he acts as an agent for most or all of the major insurers in AZ.Great guy, lots of information.
5	Rob was very knowledgeable of all the current laws.  He was able to give me many options and helped me find the plan that was right for me.
5	I am self employed and the health insurance market has always confused me.  I never felt like I knew what I was doing when trying to figure it out in my own.  I met with Rob to talk about what health insurance options are out there and what would best fit my needs.  He was very informative and answered every question thoroughly.
5	I tried for a long time to keep my head buried in the sand when it came to all the health insurance changes this year. Rob helped me pull it out and got me into very affordable and decent insurance. He responded quickly and with great options. He even called me back after hours in order to comply with the deadline. Rob definitely knows what customer service is! I was lucky to find him!
5	I came to Rob to help me get dental insurance, which my employer does not provide. He was knowledgeable and efficient. He also reviewed my other insurance policies and was able to get me much better life insurance policies for my family at a better rate. Great guy to have on your side.
5	Rob was very helpful in helping me choice the right health insurance plan for me and my family. Thanks Rob for your patience.
5	Rob is an Insurance Agent with Integrity that will listen to you and your family's needs. He truly cares & will never sell you anything you don't need!  Call Rob regarding life & health insurance today!
5	Rob Hess is the consummate insurance professional. Rob took the time to sit down with me and presented all of my insurance options in a clear and concise manner. I would highly recommend Rob based on his knowledge,experience and dedication to clients.
5	Rob has great knowledge in the health insurance industry. He is kind and personable, something you don't often find in this field. I would trust him to help me make the best health insurance decisions for my family any time.
5	After years of networking with Rob and referrals to him he has never failed to amaze his clients.  He currently provides my family's health insurance and he never ceases to exceed our expectations.
5	Rob made getting my insurance painless. He is very personable, approachable and listens to his clients needs and gives them great options. Very knowledgeable and professional. I highly recommend him.
5	Rob has helped my and many of my co-workers with their life insurance, and their health insurance. Nobody knows more about this than Rob Hess. I am so gratefull that I met him. I highly recommend Rob!
5	What a great experience getting life insurance form Rob. Not only was the process easy, it was a great relief to the family to know they were protected if something should happen to me. Thank you Rob for your help to make the right choices. [Smile]
5	I recommend Rob for your health insurance needs.  I have sent many patients to him who have special needs in this realm.  He is a master at his art. Thanks Rob for all your help.
5	If your looking for insurance Rob is your man.
5	You will want to use Rob for your insurance needs. He is a great honest guy, and easy to work with!
5	Rob is a great resource for health insurance, he can help guide you through the new health insurance changes and offer you different options.
