1	I recently attended a wedding reception held at this venue and was thoroughly disappointed. What's too bad for them is that I am currently searching for a venue for my own wedding and will not be considering nor recommending this location to anyone I know.First and foremost, the organization was poor. No one had any clue where to go, there was one tiny little sign that said which wedding reception you were standing in the middle of (yes, they held more than 1 which got crowded and confusing). The biggest disappointment was in the food. The cuisine was prepared and apparently only 2 vegetarian requests were put in, and we needed a 3rd. The hotel would not accommodate this request and I went hungry. What was funny about that was when I saw a vegetarian plate delivered, it was literally a plate of steamed vegetables. They couldn't throw together some extra veggies on a plate? They couldn't walk over to the restaurant located in the same hotel to get SOMETHING for me to eat? Nope. I went unfed. Other than that, the staff was rude, the venue was stale looking and the decorations were bland. I wouldn't even consider this location for your wedding or any event you may want to hold here.
1	I recently was in my friend's wedding that was held at the Windermere. I am only giving it one star because the wedding and reception were very nice but the hotel was awful. The front desk had some of the ruddiest people I've ever come in contact with. I think they need to go through some more customer service training because hanging up on people isn't part of the job. Some of the rooms the wedding party stayed in were dirty and smelled bad. The honeymoon suit had roaches. If you are just having a wedding and not staying then I recommend it but save yourself the headache and money....look elsewhere!
4	We had our Quince there and it was beautiful, elegant and the staff was great........Our Coordinator Joseph was Awesome.......We want to have all our events there......The Mexican buffett was to die for.....Our guest are still talking about that night.......We wish they would cater......And this was 2 years ago..........
4	My fiance and I are having our November wedding/reception at the Windermere. Since money IS of an object, I shopped around for the best bang for our buck for vendors. Not only did Windermere beat out all of the other locations I priced, but the catering staff has been extremely helpful throughout all the planning. Joe is an absolute delight to work with! Looking forward to our Nuptials in November!!
2	Windermere, you were a-ok in my book until you did the unthinkable and charged my credit card for another room all because that persons card "declined" WHO THE HELL DOES THAT? I was there for my girl Jill B's (now C) wedding this pass weekend. The hotel is an older hotel but I gave them the benefit of the doubt. The rooms were clean, everyone was super accommodating and her wedding was fantastic. The staff did go above and beyond anything that she could have asked for and for that, I am truly grateful considering I was her MOH and I needed her to be extra calm and relaxed on her big day. So for that they get a great big 4 stars for just being awesome in that aspect. HOWEVER!!!! You get a big fat ZERO for charging my card for an extra room because the other persons credit card happened to decline, so you took it upon yourself to charge my card because it was on file. That is just horrible, horrible business. Just because Jill's name was on both rooms, you took 2 different credit cards for each room and neither one was Jill's (You had to make an impression of the card remember so I know you knew that Jill was not paying for those rooms) How dare you charge my card for the room and not think I was not going to notice. FAIL FAIL FAIL!  So what you would have billed Jill if my card was not on file? FAIL! You do not mess with other people's money like that. Granted you say you are going to take care of it and reverse the charges but still, you have left bad impression even after the fabulous time we at Jill's wedding. If I ever have to stay here again, I will only pay cash so that this NEVER EVER EVER happens again.
4	The catering staff at Windemere went above and beyond for my wedding day - November 6th 2010!  All requests I made were fulfulled!  Just to name a few - chair covers for the ceremony, doing away with the ice sculpture (which we got a credit for), adding an additional table for the ceremony, arranging for us to be able to keep the bridal dressing suite for as long as we needed, and issuing drink tickets for the bridal party.   Everything was timed out and went according to schedule (Which every bride/groom should have coordinated ahead of time with the DJ and then the DJ sends the timeline to the venue. That's what our DJ did.) which is a good thing because we were on a strict timeline! We left for our honeymoon immediately following the reception. From what everyone has told me, the food (BUFFET STYLE - Prime Rib and Lemon Herb Chicken) was fantastic. I now know that the saying is true, the bride and groom will not really get a chance to eat on their wedding day. But what I did have a chance to taste (had 2 mini quiches, and a few bites of the lemon herb chicken) was yummy as hell! Kinda makes me wish that J and I woulda told everyone to stop coming up to our table and stop ringing the kissy bells and let us eat for 5 minutes. LOL From what I remember of the day, its all a blur now (LOL), everything was fantastic!  Also makes me wish I could do my wedding day all over again! :)  THANKS to Joe V. and the rest of the catering staff at Windemere!!
3	We came here for the Friends of the NRA banquet, which we've had here before. The servers were on top of things, but the food this time was atrocious. The prime rib was sliced super thin & full of fat, the veggies were flavorless & the water tasted like 4 day old lemon water - yuck! Other than that, and the fact that we didn't win any guns, again, the night was fun & a lot of money was donated to the wonderful youth programs within the NRA.
1	I would never stay here again!!!!!!  When my wife and I  walked through the door of our room, we were greeted with a nauseating stench... Despite the room being a non smoking room, it smelled like stale smoke and wet dog... There was even a cigarette butt on the balcony... Oh yes, the balcony.... The rail on the balcony was loose and just waiting for someone to lean on it and fall to their death... The furniture was outdated and looked like it was purchased at a flea market and didn't match from room to room. The carpet had huge stains and my brother stepped into something that left a red stain  on his sock. The bathroom floors were filthy, rust on the shower curtain rod and my wife wiped stains off the toilet seat (brown)... Now for the kicker.... Everyone's hotel nightmare.... Translucent stains on the pillow cases..(barf).... Hate to see the room with a black light... My wife and I  slept ( didn't really sleep much) in our clothes, she wore her hoody and was curled in the fetal position praying that sleep would take her away to a happy place...We  woke at 6am, packed our bags and made another reservation by 730 am at the Residence Inn..  We originally were going to stay a week, obviously that didn't happen.. The front desk staff must know how bad it is, because they didn't even question why we were leaving, maybe because the couple in front of us were switching rooms for whatever reason, but I have an idea.... Anyway, the cost of the room was about $90, but through Expedia we got a  suite with full kitchen at the residence inn for $80... And it was squeaky clean.. But that's another story.... Go Residence Inn!!!!!!!!
5	My husband and I had the joy of getting married here Nov. 3rd 2013, and it was amazing. Joe and his crew are all incredible, and will work with you to help make your day perfect. Every request we had they worked with us on. I brought in several feather arrangements, bows, origami stars and hearts, and everything was arranged as I asked. Communication was wonderful- They called every month to check how everything was going, which was key since we live about an hour away from the venue. Emails were always returned within 24 hours.The food is flat out amazing, I'm still getting comments about it. Pro tip- get the prime rib. You won't be sorry. The pricing is also incredible, and they will gladly make suggestions to fit within your budget. My recommendation is to go with the packages they offer, as they save you quite a bit of money. Just overall a very professional and caring team. I would book here again in a heartbeat.Side note- while the wedding stuff is great, it IS an older hotel with tube tvs, and the hotel area is kind of run down, but they are in the middle of refurbishing the rooms.
2	Two stars is about dead on. We were first at a motel 6 and this was definitely an upgrade, but only by one star. The bathroom was the worst part. If Windemere would only do a deep cleaning of their bathrooms once in a while, I could see a full additional star. Other than that, the rooms were pretty big, it was nice to have a balcony, and the pool and hot tub was nice, but would have been a lot better if someone grabbed a net and scooped out the branches and leaves now and then.  The service people were friendly and helpful and the breakfast was fine. Just clean this place a little Windemere and you're almost there.
3	When I first walked in the room I was impressed because the room is wide open. More floor space than the average hotel room. . There's a nice little functional kitchen. Because of that, that I could live here for at least a week. The patio is not private it just opens up to the main courtyard.Stayed here mid week and it was quiet. The thing that makes or breaks a hotel room stay is the comfort of the bed, which was probably a little more comfortable than sleeping on  cement with a yoga mat.There is a very nice large Jacuzzi tub. Of which I have no complaints.There is under the sink in the bathroom. The entertainment center has good storage also.We were here on a day when it was not scorching hot outside. But I think the air conditioner might be sufficient.
1	The moment we pulled into the parking lot I though wow this place looks really nice and then we went into our room and I though I have to sleep in this place for 3 days. The smell of cigarette smoke was overwhelming when we were told it's a no smoking room so that was disgusting. Next the temperature of the room was just as hot as the 102 degree dry heat of outside. So we tried to change the room three times and practically walked around the entire place several times with all the rooms having something wrong with them. Finally we chose a room downstairs (I recommend not choosing one upstairs heat rises people, no matter how much you crank up the AC) and also found  that the refrigerator does not work...cherry on top right! The pool and jacuzzi seems nice, the pool could use a cleaning and less pidgin feathers if you ask me. The only thing I liked was that the room was spacious and had an open floor plan and the receptionist tried to work with our room situation. Other than that I think I will never recommend this place nor will I ever return. What's a Windemere??
1	This place is a dump. For the price, I really didn't expect too much, but my experience here was terrible! I got a late flight, so I didn't check in until 11pm. I figured I would only be here for about 7 hours, so I opted out of staying somewhere nice. The first room I checked into had mosquitoes everywhere! In the first hour, I swatted 5 mosquitoes and got bitten. I also noticed little bugs crawling all over the bathroom floor. Talk about an infestation! On top of that, my sink was clogged. After deciding that I could not stay here any longer, I went up to the front desk to speak with a Manager. They were nowhere to be found. It was midnight and I did not have a car so I just asked to switch rooms. After explaining why, the guy at the desk didn't even acknowledge anything I told him. He was a heavier set gentleman... and moved really slow...When I asked if anyone else had similar complaints, he said there was a issue with the pipes and there was standing water in the complex - hence tons of mosquitoes. He didn't seem too concerned. I think he was just trying to get rid of me.The second room didn't have any mosquitoes, but it just felt really weird being there. Kinda like the feeling you get if someone said the place was haunted. I didn't sleep a wink! The complimentary breakfast here is a joke. The food was cold - straight out of the fridge. I had no idea when it was even made. Pay the extra 30-40 bucks and stay at La Quinta, or someplace nicer.
4	A pretty nice place for the money. The room had a jacuzzi tub, was spotless, and has a microwave and mini fridge. The breakfast was pretty decent as well. Good juice, oatmeal, bagels, waffles, hard boiled eggs, cold cereal, etc.....  My only complaint was that the tv is still a tube tv - not a flat screen - and I've grown accustomed to watching my sports in HD. A good deal all around.
1	What a dump!!!!  A 6 Motel compared to this place is the Ritz Carlton!!!  Where do I even start?  The interior grounds are acceptable, they are pet friendly and the price is very reasonable... outside of that forget about it!  The cleaning people don't vacuum the carpets, the bathroom floors are disgusting, old paint on everything including on the windows,  the deadbolt on the door would not lock properly, to flush the toilet I needed to hold down the handle until everything had vacated the bowl, I checked the bed before getting into it (to see if anything might be living between the sheets) and finally, my dog would not lie on the carpet... she stayed on her mat!!!  It reminds me of a Slumlord owner that plans never to put one dollar back into the property.  The location should be gutted and completely remodeled... or just demo'ed.
2	This place is pretty vile, and the only reason it gets 2 stars is because the customer service is decent and the pool/hot tub were ok.The lady at the front desk who helped me out was nice and gave me directions to my room without my having to ask. Like. HOWEVER...Upon opening the door to my non-smoking room, I was greeted by the stale stench of cigarettes. It was palpable. I could taste the old Winstons that I used to steal out of my grandparents' ashtray when I was a kid.It's clear that everything here is old and in dire need of an update. At the very least new linens and some fresh paint. I don't normally do a bedbug check, but I did immediately before putting my bags near anything.My advice- there are more reputable places close by that cost only a little bit more- go there!
2	Biggest complaint is that I couldn't ever get the wifi to work, which is kind of a big deal for someone here on business for the whole week.
