5	A relative newcomer to Edinburgh, this unusual restaurant earned a Michelin star in under one year, and deservedly so. The 21212 name derives from the menu, which comprises 2 starters, 1 soup, 2 main courses, 1 cheese course, 2 desserts. At lunchtime you can go for just 2, 3, 4 or 5 courses. There is an extensive wine list, and there are several wines available by the glass also. The food itself comes in some startling combinations which work very well together, and is beautifully presented in a most elegant dining room. The lunchtime portions were fairly small, but by the time you have worked through five courses, you are amply satisfied. The prices are high, but worth it for the quality experience. The house itself is a fine Edinburgh Georgian townhouse magnificently restored to add modernity without spoiling the classical proportions or features. They also have a few bedrooms for those who wish to indulge in a splendid dinner and not have to go home afterwards. A place for a special treat rather than a routine eatery. Reservations are strongly recommended, as it gets booked up far ahead at popular times.
5	I live in a city with lots of great restaurants but 21212 was the was the best dining experience I've had all year.  I had the 2-course lunch there while on vacation in Edinburgh.  Each course was structured so to create a different combination of flavors and textures with every bite.    Tasty and innovative cuisine.  Gorgeous building and decor.  Attentive service.  Upscale ambience.  Expensive but well worth the money.  Go!!!
5	We had an outstanding meal here and I would encourage anyone who wants to try a unique and original meal like they've never had before to run, not walk, here.  I'm somewhat afraid it won't be around.  There was only one other couple for most of the time we were there (and a third table joined later on).I hope it survives, though, because this was such a special meal, truly different.  Every bite was sensational.   Definitely worth a visit.  Fast!
5	What can I say?  The food, the feel, the service, all of it was phenomenal!  They have a Michelin star so they could be pretentious or rude, better than you and not needing your service, but they weren't, very welcoming and not stuffy in the least.  You pay a good price but it is worth it (for me, a once a year kind of meal with my wife).5 courses, small portions but they give you little snack things as you go that are included although not on the menu.  Bottom line, the cheese plate was first class and all of the courses are as good as I've had.  I eat out a lot, it's actually part of my job, and this place was special.
4	This was my first Michelin star dining experience, and was everything that I'd been expecting: flashy foods that looked like Christmas decorations, attentive (not to mention patient) waiting staff, and glass after glass of very expensive wine. We went along for a friend's birthday, and it was a very nice day. The meal itself was quite nice but I wouldn't say it's the best thing I've eaten in Edinburgh. I think I need to explore Edinburgh's other fine dining establishments before getting a really good picture of how this one measures up!
5	This has got to be one of thee least well known out of the very few michelin star restaurants in Edinburgh and I really don't know why?!?! It is set in a lovely big ol' townhouse on Calton Terrace. The interior is understated elegance, which was a relief! Didn't leave me thinking I was massively under-dressed (silly, I know). We sat in the drawing room with a G&T whilst waiting for our table. Lovely surroundings but I was slightly underwhelmed by the Gin selection. Good. But not great.We were then later sat. The dinner room stuck with understated elegance. Big windows infront of the kitchen are always a nice touch. I liked it.I shall not recount every single little thing we ate. But I can tell you one thing - every morsel of food we had here..... was.... incredible. 5 courses of truly incredible food..... with a couple of wee treats inbetween courses. As you would expect. The portions are not massive. But we left feeling very satisfied but not uncomfortably full. There is no better way to end the review. We recieved our bill -  2 years ago I would have been gobsmacked by the price of it. But..... my response was, you know what, that is very reasonable considering it is without a doubt some of the best food I have ever eaten. And that makes it worth every penny. A great treat.
