4	No wonder this place is always busy, it really has one of the best views in the world. We took two teens here to eat and they loved it. The staff squeezed us in on condition that we vacated before the booking that was coming in later. It is a boutique hotel, I've only eaten here and if that's anything to go by I'm sure staying here would be great. As South Queensferry was a small fishing village, parking is really difficult. Be prepared to park and walk to the restaurant. Even if you don't want to eat, this is a nice place to go for a drink.
3	A pretty place for pricey drinks along the water.  They have a restaurant angle too, but I've just been for after-dinner drinks. The barstaff were a bit snotty when I asked for dark rum and then saw that they had my brand of choice, Sailor Jerry, and then was told that it wasn't "really a dark rum" and the girl tried to make me get something else.  Thankfully I'm not bullied about my booze! :pExpensive and a bit out of place in Queensferry, but nice.
4	Having been back a handful of times since my first review, I'll give it a raise in starpoints.I've been here with my boyfriend, with his parents, and with a whole slew of multi-generational family members!  I've had drinks and snacks and they've been served happily (and strongly) and they kept a rather large group of people's drinks straight and quickly served. Whenever I'm in Queensferry, I really enjoy the Orocco Pier.
4	Great view, attentive staff, and may I say delightful choices from light fare to hearty meals. I went with a colleague of mine to celebrate independence day since I was on business travel that day. He had scallops and light fare while I had suckling pig, haggis dumplings, and mashed potatoes in a wonderful gravy like sauce. So delicious. The seafood looked and was reported as delicious and fresh. Desert, I had ice cream and sticky toffee. Huge portion of toffee, but was wonderful. No complaints here at all. Would go again in a heartbeat. Ambiance, service, and delicious food presented with class.
4	I hope to return to Orroco Pier quite soon and give it an upgrade to five star but as I only ate from lunch menu four will have to suffice this time. This place has a lovely atmosphere and the decor is trendy and up to date, very much like the menu I suppose. The fish cake my friend chose was delicious and the mushroom lasagne that I devoured was calarific with butter cheeses and other yummy ingredient , I always spy on other diners food and the burgers looked huge and very good too. We dined with a child and were given an extra plate and I found the waiter very attentive but not ott. Really liked this place will definitely be going back for dinner.
3	I hope to return to Orroco Pier quite soon and give it an upgrade to five star but as I only ate from lunch menu four will have to suffice this time. This place has a lovely atmosphere and the decor is trendy and up to date, very much like the menu I suppose. The fish cake my friend chose was delicious and the mushroom lasagne that I devoured was calarific with butter cheeses and other yummy ingredient , I always spy on other diners food and the burgers looked huge and very good too. We dined with a child and were given an extra plate and I found the waiter very attentive but not ott. Really liked this place will definitely be going back for dinner.Oh dear it's down graded the samphire restaurant disappointed with small portions, obviously reheated mash potatoes and over use of micro herbs on a steak, when we had made a point of questioning forth coming herbs on  the menu  - told the herbs ran lightly through the salad - not so - it ruined my husbands steak even though we pointed this out, don't like to complain, no reaction was forth coming. Fault of waitress? Chef? Us..? Sorry won't go back.
4	Where do I start with Orocco Pier?  Immaculately presented restaurant and a menu to die for!Starter, main and dessert were all extremely well presented and delicious.  I find it is rare that a restaurant can serve really good pan fried scallops consistently but the chef here has got his technique nailed down!My only three criticisms (and I hasten to add these are very very minor) are:1.  The restaurant is a very busy place and can become quite crowded although this is usually the sign of a good restaurant.  It can make it difficult to book a table which takes advantage of the beautiful views.2.  Being a steak fan I ordered a medium rare steak which in my opinion was under cooked on the outside and a bit over cooked on the inside for medium rare.  The steak was still very tasty though!3.  We were not offered any condiments with the meal (although I am sure we could have had some if we had asked!).All in all I would highly recommend it if you are a steak or a seafood fan!  Will certainly be returning!  Our server, Robbie, was extremely polite and attentive.  Well done!
4	Not too familiar with Queensferry and after a quick Yelp consultation, I chose the bar/restaurant at the Orocco Pier hotel, to shelter from the storms outside. And what a good choice it was.With ambient lighting, polished mahogany floors and a contemporary, stylish interior, it makes for a very comfortable and relaxing space. A large glass front and floor-to-ceiling windows at the back giving it brilliant natural lighting. Not to mention panoramic views out to the Forth and rail bridge!The menu is a classic bistro type affair with a slight bias towards seafood. It's varied and has something for everyone.The food is fresh, well cooked and tasty. It certainly warrants a strong three star rating.The extra star, however, was earned by the staff. The service I received was some of the best I have experienced. Initially, one of my vegan companions ordered off the menu, essentially asking for a goats cheese dish without the cheese. Our waiter decided that it was not good enough and had the kitchen make up an alternative instead.Initially, I ordered the prawn salad, billed on the menu as "Prawn salad with sun blushed tomato dressing" Despite crossing my mind, I failed to clarify whether or not this was essentially a Prawn Cocktail; something I don't eat. When it came, it was, essentially, a Prawn Cocktail. Explaining this to our server, it was returned to the kitchen with many apologies and replaced with a very tasty, customised dish of grilled prawns. Unexpectedly, we were then offered any drink of our choice 'on the house' as further apology. All of this, despite being in large part my own stupid fault, is certainly impressive service.Overall, it's a beautiful spot for something (very reasonably priced as well) to eat or just have a drink and enjoy the views.
2	I have the impression about Orocco Pier that the views it affords customers makes up for many the the shortfall left by the supposedly arty platings of the various dishes served. The table service we experienced was friendly and pretty efficient but price-wise, particularly for drinks, I found it lacking in value for money.The food was generally tasty enough although I've had better ravioli. It'll be a while before I think about going back.
2	After hearing many great things about Orocco Pier, I was anxious to visit the restaurant. Stunning views aside, I felt the menu was poor, particularly for a seaside joint. I ordered 'squid' to start with which was just calamari with a dip, it wasn't very flavoursome and the portion was far too big for a starter for one. It was ok.For my main, I deliberated for some time between steak or the beer battered haddock. I opted for the latter, believing that a seaside restaurant should be able to do this dish justice. Wrong. The IPA beer used in the batter was all wrong; it tasted like twiglets or pretzels or similar, and ruined what otherwise looked like a nice bit of fish. The chips had potential to be very nice, but weren't crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside (the way most generally concede to be perfection for a chip), the 'crushed peas' were in a tiny wee square dish with the tartare sauce and were cold and tasted a bit like plastic. I waited a considerable amount of time between my main reaching my table and the vinegar I requested following suit.The beer batter, for me, was inedible. My friend who ordered the same main also couldn't eat the batter.I then ordered a triple shot latte to end my meal and was disappointed further when an overly milky (it was pure white) 'latte' was presented to me, I had to change it for a flat white with an extra shot.The staff were nice, one Canadian waitress was excellent and genuinely seemed to care about her diners. My only issue with the staff was that they kept interrupting us to ask how the meal was. When one waitress interrupted and asked how it was, I told her that the beer batter was inedible and that's why my plate looked so full, she said she would feed it back to the chef but I'm sure she didn't, she seemed put out that she didn't receive the standard 'lovely thanks' that so many spit out while gagging internally and praying they can hold it all down until they manage to reach the bathroom.The view really was lovely, but I don't think I'd go back to Orocco Pier. If they can't get fish and chips right, I'm not eager to try anything else they might offer up.
5	This place has it all.  Great food, great staff and a location that is nearly unbeatable.  Our first night was a bit of a hassle as it was the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the nearby Forth Road Bridge and that portion of the town was closed for the celebration.  It made locating the hotel tougher than usual.But, it was definitely worth the effort.  We ended up spending 3 nights there and enjoyed every minute of it.
