2	It is your standard-issue Chinese joint complete with the same menu, food pictures, employees with the minimum English clarity that you find at all of these places.For the first time since moving to the Belmont area, i craved some Chinese. i had noticed this little Chinese joint next to the Papa Johns in the Bi-Lo shopping strip and we decided to give it a try. We were waiting for a car to get done with an oil change so we opted to eat inside this little place. Had we gotten takeout, it may have been 3 stars because the food wasn't too shabby. Pretty standard General Tso chicken, although the broccoli was as cold as the seating area which required us to wear our jackets. Surprisingly they didn't overcharge for a canned beverage and they did have a self-serve tea station. While we were eating, we heard one of the cooks make the most obscene throat clearing noise that you usually only hear in the movies. It sounded like he was struggling to bring up a major loogie that was trapped deep within his soul. Fortunately we already had our food. If you're desperate for Chinese, get it to go.
3	Just like any other take out chinese place.  Super quick, laden with msg and cheap!  We got some take out and it didn't fail.  The tofu and veggies was cooked very well and I had a spring roll which didn't not fail me in my hour of need.One fail on their part was that they forgot my rice, which I was somewhat looking forward to, but can't complain all that much.  From the time we called in our order and left shortly after our food was made.  For two people, we paid 17 bucks and got 3 courses, so I was pleased enough... rice or no rice!
5	I love New China. The service is always fast and fresh! The sweet tea is amazing. Yes, Chinese takeout is everywhere but no one can Beat NEW China in Belmont!
3	It was OK, I needed a Chinese food fix
4	My girlfriend and I like this place a lot. Call it in and they have it ready in about 10 minutes. Portions are a good size, enough for lunch the next day when I ordered the honey chicken. I recommend giving it a shot
