4	Ever have sausage in a cupcake? How about Sriracha? Well, if you haven't, enter FuManChu Cupcakes. This awesome biz bakes up some incredibly cupcakes of all varieties - as owner Andy likes to say, calm to crazy. You can order up flavors like Irish Car Bomb, French Toast (complete with Neesie's sausage), White Russian, and Strawberry Lemonade. I personally adore the French Toast variety and completely commend the use of meat within a sweet treat. It's bold and awesome. And if you're not a meat lover, you can rely on the fact that many of the FuManChu cupcakes are made with booze. Nice. If you're looking to try a really different take on a cupcake, give FuManChu a call and order up!
4	Move over pink, foofy precious cupcakeries! The mad scientist behind FuManChu, is a biker dude with tattoos and killer 'stache, and some killer cupcakes. I sampled the FuMan baked goods at the Sweet Tooth Festival last Sunday, so I've only had 2 mini cupcakes, but they made a pretty huge impact.  As Nicole W. mentioned, the flavors are super creative.  I had the strawberry lemonade and salted caramel bacon.  (But you could always choose from Siracha and White Russian!) Flavor is NOT lacking with these cupcakes. They're ultra moist, rich and unlike some bakeries where you can't tell what flavor a certain cupcake is...hoo-doggy.  You won't be confused with these.  The strawberry lemonade was slightly tart, and definitely sweet and lemony, with a strong strawberry-jam-like center.  The salted caramel bacon...this isn't like the trendy bacon cupcakes out there.  It's got a gooey-sticky-icky caramel center and nice meaty bacon flavor.  One of my pet peeves is a skewed frosting-to-cake-ratio.  I can't stand cupcakes with mounds and mounds of frosting.  It's too much sweetness and ruins the proportions.  FuManChu doesn't do this.  There's juuuust enough.  Can't wait to try more flavors the next time around!PS:  I don't think there's a storefront, so keep that in mind, you should call and order!
4	So you are wanting something sweet but something different at the same time?  In the world of desserts, cupcakes have really taken off lately (and a lot of cupcake companies are out there).  But if you are anything like me, you don't want "normal" (you know the kind you can pick up at the grocery store that the chocolate tastes like the vanilla and the vanilla tastes like the chocolate... yuck).  With that being said, FuManChu isn't "normal" they are just the opposite.  I personally have fallen for the Irish Car Bomb, its a very nicely balanced and thought through cupcake that leaves you with nothing lacking except wanting more.  The Lemonade Strawberry is also a beautiful creation, the icing on this one is almost like eating a cloud... it is extremely soft, with such a light feel to it, but wow does it have some great flavors to it! If you are looking for something out of the "normal" check them out.
5	Pure heaven!  Our office tried the blueberry, lemon strawberry and the Irish Car Bomb  (overall winner).  These are not your typical cupcakes and you can tell they are made with love!  Love the Irish Car Bomb frosting and I think that was his logo on top but it was swooped up so fast can't be sure I saw what I thought I saw.  Understand these are in several locations in NoDa - I can't imagine anything better than the Irish Car Bomb and an ice cold beer from one of NoDa's beer establishments.  Will definitely seek these cupcakes out!  A must try!
5	I should have wrote this review a couple of years ago I bookmarked it but apparently forgot.  Best cupcakes I have had in Charlotte this guy comes up with crazy unique flavors you just never know what you might get.  Not sure where he is selling now but I was able to snag a few at Jack Beagle's in NODA for an event last year.  If you get the chance don't miss out on an amazing cupcake!
4	Please note that this review is by a person that is not a big cupcake fan.  I am,  however, a occasional sweet freak, so this qualifies me well for this spot.  Fumanchu cupcakes is a cupcake haven filled with the most eclectic array of cupcakes your taste buds could imagine.  The French Toast and sausage combo I tried was superb.  Looking at the cupcakes with alcohol definitely has my interest, but decided against it for that early morning business meeting these were purchased for.  As a ardent blueberry fan, I  will have to return to try this also.  All in all, a great little spot.
5	They now have a store front!!!  Woooohoooooo!!!!  Ok, I know, I get a little abnormally excited about cupcakes but this has been a long time coming!!  I have been following them on social media for like MONTHS waiting for them to open!  They just opened about a week ago.  Their hours are a little funky--Tuesday-Saturday (3pm-8pm).  But, I think since they are starting out, they are just seeing how things flow before going all out.  They sold out the first two days they said.  The space is cool, local artwork hanging, some couches, nice lighting, small cupcake display case, random items around but I dig the vibe overall.  They are just such a perfect fit for the plaza midwood location--funky, fresh, trendy and whatever else.  I love it.We tried 4 cupcakes...Irish Car bomb, salted caramel, French toast and white russian..White russian tasted like vanilla with a slight hint of Khalua...it was good, dense, moist, yummy but just too vanillaish (my own word--like it?)..The French Toast cupcake was all that and a bag of chips...it was awesome.  It had a cinnamon base and a cream cheese frosting that was creamy and not over powering.  It truly tasted like a piece of french toast wrapped up in a cupcake.  I could even get a hint of maple.  Loved.The salted caramel was pretty much a game changer.  It had bacon sprinkled on top and a homemade carmel sauce in the center.  It was perfection.  The icing wasn't too sweet...it was almost bland BUUUUT that is because the carmel sauce was so sweet and the bacon on top gave it all a perfect balance.  I mean, award-winning balance.  They would win cupcake wars.  The irish car bomb was also soooooo good!!  It had an irish cream chocolate ganache center and the chocolate cupcake was so good.  The flavors were so evident in this cupcake and the blended perfectly.  It was also a more dense cupcake, which I love--it was very rich though so you could easily split it with a friend and be fully satisfied.I love what they are doing---creating, concocting, inventing, swirling, mixing, etc...it is brilliant.  They are creative type folks and you can tell by looking at them and then by tasting their creations.  They do what they do quite well.  I will be back a zillion times over and while I want to keep them a secret, I more so want to shout from the rooftop--GO TO FUMANCHU CUPCAKES!!!  You won't be disappointed!!  Local, fresh, amazing.  Go Support!!
4	If you crave an ADULT-style cupcake and don't want something boring masked by 286 ounces of sugary frosting, please give this place some serious love.  I had been reading about this since I heard they opened an actual store and couldn't wait to check it out with my wife.  We were not disappointed.  The location isn't well marked, and we passed it by on the first attempt.  However, we found it and won't soon forget it.  It looks a little sketchy outside, but inside is a completely different feel!  Lots of local art adorning the walls, some comfy places to sit and enjoy, and a very welcome feel all jumped right out at me.  The owner (who will explain FuManChu just by looking at him) was possibly one of the nicest bakers I've ever met!  Hell, he even GAVE us a loaf of Duke's fresh bread just for getting a couple cupcakes!  Bread AND awesome cupcakes?  Oh hell yeah!  Since it was a little later in the day, most of their stock has dwindled.  We still scored one each of the four varieties they had: Lemongrass Sriracha, French Toast, Old Fashioned (like the cocktail), and one other adult-themed one that I can't remember right now.  We couldn't wait to try the sriracha since we're both certified hot mouths and it barely lasted the ride down Central!  The lemongrass was subtle, but worked well with the spicy sriracha finish.  The cupcake was wonderfully light and airy and not, repeat NOT, drowning in icing.  I'm not a fan of an entire pastry bag of icing per cupcake, but I know folks who are.  To each their own.  We will be pacing ourselves (barely) with the other three until we can get some friends to go back with us to try more.I'm temporarily reserving the fifth star on this review until I get to sample (devour) some other flavors, including a meat-themed cupcake.  I look forward to many more visits.
5	Went for the grand opening and it did not disappoint. I love cupcakes, love love love... I find most are not moist enough and have way too much frosting. This was not the case here... the cupcakes were amazing.. they had samples out of a lot of flavors both adult and kid friendly.... they were moist, had the right amount of frosting and excellent flavor. I love they offer non-traditional flavors as well as an array of boozy cupcakes based on classic cocktails and shots.
5	DA BOMB!
3	Tried this place after my dad saw it on the news for serving alcohol cupcakes - they were good, but definitely not going to get you intoxicated and tasted like a regular cupcake. *Best tip about this place: Don't go on Sundays because they are not open on Mondays - aka limited flavors since they are not baking any for Monday.
4	If you like you sweet treats spiked with alcohol and served on miss matched dishes, well my friend, you have come to the right place.Cupcakes with unexpected flavors (all $3) are the star here with a few varieties of beverages to compliment your treat. These are high quality creations that won't leave you wanting more, some topped with bacon.You have probably had these at countless Charlotte events but at your leisure you can now savor these cupcakes to go on in their living room style seating area.The icing on the cupcake? The owner's fu man chu.
4	My first cupcake here was okay. It was dry and are crumbling all over. The icing was not too sweet just how I like it. So feeling like I came on a bad day ( Sunday) where there's not much to pick from, I gave it a second try. Much better. Not as dry as when I first had it. This place is a must try!
5	Cupcakes and Alcohol coffee. I love like 5 things and these are on that list!!! FuManChu is the dopiest spot to meet up with friends to catch up over a cup of coffee and Cosy Rose cupcake. Stop a second. French press coffee cupcake with goat cheese frosting and port wine demi graze drizzle. Yeh - a cupcake. I know your mind is blown right now but stay with me. The cup cakes are made fresh daily so if the Cosy Rosy isn't there go for The Big O. Yeah I said that, and the name totally fits. I'm going to be honest - I don't know whats in this one but it tastes just like the name. Do this as soon as possible. I never read the ingredients on this one because I ordered it on accident once and I loved it so much that when it's in the case I get so excited I never read the description. Sorry not sorry. Come with a book, or a group, or your mom even. Hang out in the living room area. Listen to the dope music playing and admire the local art on the walls. Go home with a Tshirt or Tank - they are super soft. Take these treats to a dinner party, birthday or house warming. You will be the coolest kid in the room - for sure! Support local!
