5	This is a great hole in the wall shop off of Val Vista Rd. I've been getting the chicken salad sandwich since 2006 and it's the same ever since GREAT! Cookies and bread are awesome as well...
3	Many breads, so many varieties, all made right there and nutritious.  Don't be fooled though, they don't just make loaves of bread, they make very good sandwiches as well on their delicious bread.  I believe they use Boar Head products and it's hard to go wrong with that.
4	First visit here.  We bought a few different items.  I was very impressed with their spelt and 9-grain breads.  Very good.  One of the better bakeries I've discovered so far.
4	Great FRESH bread in many varieties. Their pastries aren't as good as the bread is. We have a gluten-free person in our house & the spelt bread is the best we've found - even better than most we've made ourselves. Service is always good. Many people come here for lunch. I haven't done that yet, but it always looks & smells great. Very grateful to have them here!
4	Love the bran muffins and scones. Terrific when picked up in the am. Usually they are still warm at 7:00am and freshly baked every day. 1 day old items are usually 1/2 price if you want to save a little money
4	My dept. went on a company outing and we needed to take lunch, so we tried this place and boy were we HAPPY!! When I originally called to place the order I was buying 2 lbs of their chicken salad, loaves of bread and all the fixings!  They called me back and said it would just be cheaper to charge me for X # of sandwiches and they would just package everything separate.  Less than $40 to feed 7 people!!  The chicken salad is fantastic, we had the 9 grain bread and the honey wheat both were fantastic.  Bread is baked fresh onsite daily, also tried a pumpkin/cranberry muffin and was not disappointed at all.  They have many varieties of bread and they all look amazing.  Will definitely go back.
4	Pretty good homemade bread products.  We stopped by for lunch and had the chicken salad which was decent.
4	it's a bit of a drive for me, but we enjoy their soft on the inside, harder on the outside, yummy bread.  they always have samples available and do offer sandwiches and really gooey chocolaty brownies!
