4	After yelping and getting quotes....I decided to give Pineapple Lawn Services a call....they by far had the most reasonable quote for the services they were providing.  I had some dead plants that needed to be removed and hedges/plants that needed some TLC.  They called ahead of time before the service time to let me know they were arriving and they promptly got down and dirty.  Not only that they help me set my sprinkler timer for the drip irrigation system....since I'm slightly impaired when it comes to technology....this was a big plus.  He educated me on the best times of day and how often to water the different types of plants in my front yard.  Overall, very impressed by the professionalism of this company and the services provided.
4	I would definitely recommend this service to anyone looking! After calling around and getting different estimates I called Pineapple Lawn Service. They came out the same day I called gave a quote half the price of some others and completed the job that right then. The whole process took less than 2 hours and they did an amazing job.
5	Im moving out townhouse and need someone affordable. I found mr pineapple he  came to estimate backyard and next day got to work. The price was good and backyard looks amazing. He even got rid of my swing set. Can't wait to own a home to have pineapple take care of landscape
2	They do do a great job (well the part they finished) that I will agree with, however, if they set a time to be there, figure on it being 3-4 hours later than they say.With that said, I did give my father in law their number and they did do a great job there as well, however, on each of the days they were late.Back to the "part they finished", they installed rock in my rear yard, cleaned it up, cut back some bushes.The bushes were supposed to come out, that was going to get finished the next day. The next day I am at work, they showed up, talked to my wife, decided they didn't want to do what we agreed on and left.With that said, for what I paid them, I do think they went above and beyond.
1	Mr. Pineapple sounded like a nice guy and his prices are good. The problem is that he is not reliable.A tenant left and I wanted to get front and back yards cleaned before the new tenants moved in. So, I called him and got an estimate. The price was good so I asked him to get the work done. He said he will do it on  the 07/05/14. He didn't do it. Then, when I called him, he said he will do it on the 07/11/14. He didn't do it. Then when I called him on 07/12/14, he didn't even bother to pick up the phone or call me back.New tenants moved in on 07/12/14 and it wasn't fun. Yikes!
