4	Vista Del Camino DGC (also known as the Shelly Sharpe Memorial DGC) is one of the two courses featured as part of the annual Memorial tournament held every late Febuary / Early March. The other course being Fountain Hills. The course is situated in a public park located smack dab in the middle of Scottsdale. There are two lakes that come into play, which for a So. Cal player who rarely deals with water holes for the most part makes playing here a bit more tricky and challenging. The first hole is adjacent to a parking lot off of Roosevelt. It's best to either have a map of the course handy when playing or at least take a picture of the posted map so you are aware of where to head next, as this course does have an odd flow if any at all. On this visit (mind you it was also my first), I arrived around 8:30 AM and the park was mostly empty minus a few early morning joggers, people walking their dogs and the occasional senior citizen taking a stroll. I am told that the park does get busy with non-golfers, so be mindful of others who are using the park. There was only one other golfer on the course, who started shortly after I tee'd off on hole 1. You are immediately confronted with a water hazard on the first hole, which according to Ashley who works at Spinners On The Green (disc golf store located near the tee on hole #12), he's witnessed many just move on to hole two because the water shakes their confidence. I personally ended up nearly acing the hole using a Blizzard Destroyer (158 gram)...it's definitely a hole that is meant to intimidate you right away but rewarding if you play it well.  The majority of the course is quite open and flat, playing around some decent sized trees, grassy fields and pedestrian pathways that are considered out of bounds. Again, it's important to know what basket your throwing at as each hole has many different pin positions. A few holes play on the side of slopes near a school and some holes play near apartment buildings, so be careful not to shank discs or they will end up lost or hitting someone's window. Hole 8 was personally one of my favorite holes since it plays rather short with it being on a slope...shoot it too hard and your disc may skip out of bounds (onto the walkway or into the lake)...shoot it too far right and you may end up out of bounds onto the sidewalk / street. Hole 9 is likely the most trickiest drives of the course as the lake is to your right and the walkway to your left is out of bounds, leaving a small landing field in between. This is where the basket is. I had a nice drive with my Blizzard Katana (157 gram) but it stayed stable (straight) for too long over the lake, missing the grass by maybe 15 feet...landing in the lake. I attempted to get the disc out with one of the iron rake devices (which is sold at Spinners, I borrowed mine from a buddy of mine who used to live in AZ and gave it to me for my trip) but had no luck. The back end of the course plays along the flat short grass fields of the park until you make it to hole 18 which does bring the water into play. This course was quite fun in all, but I actually found it to be quite easy, minus the out of bounds pathways and the water hazards. I ended my round 3+ (including a lost disc in the water and missing a mandatory...pretty much par'd everything else...plus 2 or 3 birdies). I bet the course becomes more difficult with wind and people enjoying the park, but today I found the course really relaxing and fun. This is definitely a go-to course if you are in the Phoenix area.
5	Just got a birdie. This course is great to play. Fun atmosphere. Some folks are friendly to even want to join up and play as a group
4	I'm new to the disc golf scene.  I played in early May 2012 and it is a nice course situated in a public park.  It was very green and the water was flowing.  The trees provided some decent shade in the heat.   I was there on a Monday morning and there were several other golfers but not overly crowded.   Good vibe, other players were friendly.  I highly recommended this course.
4	Played at Shelly Sharpe, a.k.a. Vista Del Camino yesterday with a buddy of mine. I hadn't played here in a few years but it was great to get out, walk the course, and hurl the Frisbee's around the park.I really enjoy playing here as its an easy walk and the park is nice. They change up the location of the baskets from time to time which makes it an interesting play whenever you get out. The most challenging part is the #1 hole which you have to toss over the water as well as a few other holes where the water is in play. I'd recommend that you are equipped with footwear you can remove fairly quickly just in case you have to get in that nasty pond to find a disk you let get away from you on an errant drive (if you're willing to do that). My buddy and I both had to dip our feet into the water to rescue our discs yesterday. Despite the pond hazard, this is a great place to get in a quick round of disc golf in Scottsdale as the park is in great shape and it is tended to pretty well.An added bonus of playing here is that Spinners on the Green is located in the shopping center adjacent to the park. If and when you lose a disc to a tree or the pond, they're right there for you to scoop up a new Frisbee or two before or after a round.
4	Beautiful park, good distance course, water and building hazards too! Additionally you have access to restaurants and Spinners Disc Golf if you need a new or used disc.
