5	If you have a fender bender and you need quality restoration body work that is done like the factory would, then go to the Artesan's at Select Auto Body.  Bud Short, in "short" knows his stuff like no one else and really cares about people and their cars.  He has a passion for getting the work done, and so well that you will be amazed by the details and his knowledge of how things should be done.   If you have a Mercedes or German import, they even use the paints that are used by the factory over the cheap stuff that most other shops use.   In "short",  Go to Bud Short, or be square...
2	We brought my husband's brand new BMW 335i in just last month after he was rear-ended on the freeway. They told us it would be two weeks, two and a half max. Over a month later we finally have the car back but the interior, which used to have a nice new car smell, now reeks of BO from the workers. Gross. Also, when we dropped the car off, they had a deal on their website boasting 50% off your deductible up to $500, yet when my husband went to pick up his car yesterday no such deal was offered. They should have honored the deal that was advertised when we dropped the car off at least - then take into account it took twice as long as they predicted and we were paying for a rental car that entire time!  I've also taken my BMW X3 to them when I was hit from the side and it took twice as long with my vehicle as well. Their communication during the process leaves much to be desired and my car still has a rattle ever since the accident. Definitely not ideal - but if you have a ton of time on your hands to wait around for your car, dont care if you get screwed out of promotions, or your car is returned with a digusting odor or rattle then feel free to take your car here.
5	Great service, friendly people, call backs as promised.I had an unfortunate car wreck, but the main concern was getting a driver's side mirror.  My insurance only pays after a certain amount, and the damages were minor enough where I would be paying 100% for everything. There are paint scrapes as well, but for safety, I mainly just wanted to get my mirror.  I thought it was nice that they provided two estimates for me - one for just the mirror and one with the mirror and paint job.  He suggested just getting a mirror for safety and said the paint scrapes could wait till later, as they didn't affect my driving.  I called to secure the mirror on a late Monday afternoon, and by Tuesday afternoon, the mirror was in.  My car was fixed within 90 minutes or so.  The office there has WiFi, in case you don't have a person to come pick you up and are stuck there for a while.  Also when I was looking at the choices of body shops for my wreck, the location here is nice.  At 7th Ave and Highland, if a person does not have a person to pick him/her up, the light rail stop is close at Central and Camelback, maybe a 5-minute walk.  This location is maybe 5 minutes from my house as well.  The office staff are all very friendly and the service is honest and reliable. Great job Select Auto Body!
5	I'm very picky about paint and body work but the dealership I service my vehicle at recommended Select Auto Body so I trusted them to repair my car. The quality and the customer service was way above what I expected. The paint looks factory fresh and the body is laser straight. I really want to thank Bud and the team down at Select for exceeding my expectations!!
5	This was my first visit with Select Auto and I will definitely be back! All the employees were friendly and attentive and have great customer service. The last time my car was in the shop for an insurance collision repair, it took almost 5 weeks and Select Auto had my car done in a week. They called me and updated me on the status of the car and even called my insurance for me to extend my rental. They dropped me off at my rental car and took the rental car back for me!  I wouldn't expect a body shop to care much about their decor so I was pleasantly surprised with their office enviornment! Its clean, trendy and definitely has that uptown central phx hipster feel. Great experience!! :)
5	I have used Select Auto Body for all of my repairs for the last 18 years and as picky as I am there is a reason I keep going back.   Bud and Ron have always been super helpful and most recently brought my baby back from the dead.   After insurance deemed it totaled, Bud took a look and said "no problem!" and they went above and beyond to restore my favorite car to better than new condition.   Communication is great and they take care of dealing with insurance company making repairs as painless as possible.  THANK YOU SO MUCH!
5	My car was in a parking lot accident that damaged the bumper and one of the rear panels.  Derek from Exklusiv Motorsports (my local VW guru), sent me to Select Auto Body since they are a Volkswagen certified repair shop and he could vouch for the quality of their work. Bud, Ron, and all of the staff at Select Auto Body are great to work with.  They called me whenever there was a change in the status of my repair and got the car completed when they said it would be done.  They took care of arranging my rental car and returning it for me.The repair came out great.  They got the insurance company to pay for new genuine VW replacement parts instead of aftermarket or junkyard parts.  You can't tell that anything ever happened, and that is a challenge on black cars.When you are working with your insurance company after an accident, it's important to remember that you have a choice where your car gets fixed!  The insurance company wants to get you through as cheaply as possible, and that may mean compromised quality.  Don't take their first suggestion...take your car to Select Auto Body and get it done right!Car repairs are real pain to deal with, but the staff at Select Auto Body do everything they can to make this event as frustration free as possible
5	fast and friendly service. had my 2012 VW Jetta TDI in for front end repairs after accident. if you have a VW don't trust it to anyone else. These guys are VW certified and fight to make sure only factory components are put on your V-Dub.And they did all the work of getting my car there from the tow storage compound. I would go there again.Thanks y'all BRAD
5	Hands down the best service in Phoenix. Bud, Ron, Betsy and everyone else in the office were so easy to work with and beyond friendly. They took care of us like one of their own! I wouldn't think twice about going here again if needed.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this body shop. They are simply fantastic!Ron helped me get everything set up with such ease, I did nothing but sign a work order and drop off/pick up my car. They arranged my rental car to be dropped off at my work and even took the rental car back to Enterprise from the shop. When I saw the spectacular work they did, I wanted to give them a hug. They fixed my rear bumper, painted it and buffed the tail light so everything looks brand new. To top it off they shampooed the interior and gave it a nice wash, including the tires! I'll most definitely take any future vehicles I own to them and will surely recommend them to everyone I know.I appreciate the hard, yet extremely efficient work the team at Select Auto Body provided. Thank you again!!!
5	I have taken our vehicles to Bud at Select Auto Body several times & been delighted every time.  The work is excellent & they could not be nicer or more helpful. Our paint color was difficult to match & they did so perfectly.  My Mercedes SUV was returned cleaner than when I took it in each time.  I'm sure they are not the cheapest but they do great work & they stand behind it.  Nice people & they kept us informed as the repair progressed.  I would definitely recommend them.
5	Outstanding quality body shop.  Trusted them with my BMW and they did an amazing job.
5	Best People Ever! I continue to be impressed by the this compassion, care and work from Bud, Ron and all staff at Select Auto Body. I was involved in an accident and having moved from Montanan, was stressed about having to find a new auto shop that wouldn't swindle me. Select Auto Body was recommended to me by the VW dealership near my home and I am so happy they did! Right away Bud and Ron made me feel as if I was their own daughter. They took all stress off my shoulders for me and my worried parents back home in Montana. They made sure the rental company took very good care of me, even offering to put the rental in their name until the insurance took over. The work was extensive and took some time but they kept me updated with phone calls, emails, and pictures on progress almost daily. Since the accident they have become my go to for any vehicle questions and continue to do great work at affordable prices. If you have any work to be done I HIGHLY suggest Select Auto Body, you will be as happy as I am. Thanks Select Auto Body, keep up the great work!!
5	Bud and his team were great. I've had two repairs done over the past few years and each one they all handled excellent. Last one involved an insurance claim I had no idea how to handle, they helped me all the way. I would absolutely recommend them, sweet and good working ppl:)
5	I was having fun at a party the other day until this guy across the street backs out of his driveway right into the side of my almost new parked car...SO NOT OK!!     :-OWell, at least he had insurance!  I hadn't needed auto body work for many years & didn't have a favorite shop or anything, so I decided to get an estimate for the repairs from Earnhardt, my dealer, and from a 5 Star shop selected from Yelp.  That's how I ended up coming to Select here.Right away I was impressed with owner Bud Stock as a person with a lot of experience & high standards for his work.  He explained the insurance claim process & what they would be doing to my car to restore it to 'like new' if I chose to use his shop.  I was also assured that only genuine factory parts would be used, which was important to me with this car not even a year old.I decided on Select here over Earnhardt for the repair.  They probably would have been fine, but I just felt an extra level of confidence bringing it here, & these guys didn't disappoint.  I got my car back today with the former damage DISAPPEARED!I'm completely satisfied with the work I received here at Select & although I hope my car never needs body work again, I know where to bring it if it does!     :-))
5	I was rear-ended and needed repair to my vehicle. I was referred to Select by an auto company that doesn't do repairs and am so glad that I was. The staff were so friendly and genuine...helpful with the insurance process and knowledgable about the repair itself. I felt comfortable leaving my car in their hands, literally! They even buffed out my old, dingy looking headlights as a bonus and I literally hugged him I was so happy! Bud is a great guy and has a heck of a staff. I would recommend this shop to anyone I know and now have to all of you :) THANKS SELECT!!!!!
5	I got into my first accident EVER about 6 weeks ago, and wasn't quite sure what to do with my car, or where to go. Thankfully, my mother told me to run over to Select Auto Body to get an estimate on my car to turn into insurance, and the rest was history.My mom and I stopped by without warning, and Bud was available right away to come look at my car. Without even going over to his computer, he quickly calculated a timeframe and price in his head, which was dead on according to the estimates he pulled up on his computer. Bud REALLY knows his stuff!While on vacation, my mother took my car in for me. She picked my car up 4 days later, and it looked perfect! Bud and his team even put air in my tires because it showed they were low, AND they washed my car. Not just a quick wash on the outside, but a full on vacuum, clean and service. It makes me feel really good knowing that Bud and his team are out there, and I think it is great that clearly many others feel the way I do about them. Select Auto Body is an excellent business, and I hope that they do well for many, many more years. Thanks so much for fixing my car Bud!
5	I have been using one body shop for the last 20 years. (Yes, I wreck cars like most people have home-cooked breakfasts... its my cross to bear.) When that body shop owner made it pretty clear by his "customer service" that he was on his last leg in the business, I was actually pretty stressed out knowing that I needed to find another shop to use as the likely-hood of me wrecking more cars in addition to my already busted ass Acura was a virtual certainty and my 20 year relationship with one body shop was just flushed down the toilet. (Yes, I know, run on sentence. What are you a grammar Nazi?!) I looked to Yelp, found that Scott's Coach works looked pretty good... tried them, BAD DEAL, (see other review) so I went to Select Auto Body.I am SOOO happy with Bud (Owner) and the service at Select Auto Body so far. He has been awesome. Fixed my car. Fixed what I wanted and nothing I didn't want, has been helpful. Has been excellent with communication. Very happy and I know that I have a new body shop to take my cars to going forward. Thanks so Much Bud!
5	I just finished a check-up visit after my Golf R was repaired at Select. The owner Bud and the shop he runs are from another time...when quality, craftsmanship and friendly service were the hallmark of a customer centered business. Bud takes his customers' side, gets the insurance company to pay their due and turns out body work done with all new parts that is without compare. I don't wreck my car often, but when I do, I take it to Select ,)
5	I can't say enough about what a great experience I had!  I needed a new bumper painted for my car, and it had to be done before I installed it.  They were always right on schedule, matched the color exactly, and when I brought the car in after I had installed the bumper to have the color checked, they even touched up a couple of scratches that were my fault from the installation.
5	After being side swiped in a parking lot, I had no idea where to take my car for body repair service. After a recommendation, I headed to Select Auto Body.  Bud and the Select Auto Body staff were very helpful, professional, and efficent repairing my vehicle. My car was restored to brand new and my frown turned into a smile. I highly recommend Select Auto Body.
5	I will start by saying my almost new car was in a front end impact and I was stressed out about finding a body shop. Went to yelp found Select after a few phone calls and I glad I did.   Just from a quick phone conversation I knew this was the shop to go to for the repair. The staff is amazing and knows their stuff. They even took my car in the same day. The best part is they are Volkswagen certified. That's not an easy certification to receive so you know they are good at what they do!   After pulling in, I was met by the owner. He looked at the car and said a few things that really put me at ease. They only use genuine parts, and they work with many high end cars. They have all the right certs and work well with insurance companies.   I am excited I located them for the repair. If they are that awesome up front, I can only imagine how amazing my car will look when I get it back.
5	I took my BMW M5 to Select Auto Body after seeing the reviews on Yelp, and they are right on. This car makes repairs exceedingly difficult due to the complex paint jobs and irreparable frames. The folks at Select Auto gave me a great price, a short time-frame, and went out of there way to accommodate my busy schedule - they picked me up, dropped me off, gave me a loaner, etc.The car did need to be brought back for finishing touches on the paint, which was done quickly and at my convenience. The best part - Bud (the owner) noticed a tiny part missing from the repair, looked into it for me, and promised to have it replaced immediately - and will completely buff and clean the car for the "inconvenience" (which it barely is).The entire staff at Select Auto, especially Bud is incredibly professional, enthusiastic, and most importantly, dependable. I would highly recommend anyone in need of car repair to take their vehicle to them.
5	I recently purchased a 2014 VW Jetta and within 2 weeks, I scratched the paint pretty good on a curb and my girlfriend opened the passenger side door and hit a pole. That took a little paint off too. I called VW to see if they would do touch up paint and they set me up with Select Auto Body. I went last week to get an estimate and I was figuring a couple hundred dollars. Bud, the owner, was amazing. He told me to bring it in this morning and they would buff out the scratches and touch it up for free! He even threw in a little bottle of the paint just in case! I will definitely use this place for any other work I need done, and will recommend them to all of my family and friends. Thank you so much guys! I'm very impressed with the service you all provided.
5	The team at Select is wonderful. When I received my car back it looked as good as it did the day I purchased it. The team did an amazing job and kept me updated with the entire process. Their excellent customer service and phenomenal work has guaranteed my future business.The best part is they used all factory O.E.M. parts and paints. Bud and his team do top quality work. If you need any type of body repair work on your vehicle, Select Auto Body is the shop to choose. Thank you for your outstanding work and getting my car back to me as quickly as you did!
4	Quality workmanship at an affordable price. I was able to get my 2012 Jetta repaired and they even worked with me on getting the extra money i needed that my insurance didn't cover
5	AWESOME Body Shop. I took my VW Jetta here for repairs and when I picked my car up it looked better than before the accident. I had a hard time with the "other guys" insurance company and the staff took care of everything for me (UNHEARD OF!!!)  I truly felt that the team here treated me (and my car) as family. You would regret not using this body shop when you have an issue. They were easy, friendly, provide quality work... doesn't get much better than this!
5	I made it from 1965 to 2014 without having to visit a body shop but then my car got banged into while parked last year.  (See my original Review.)  I brought it here to Select because of all the 5-Star Yelp Reviews and they did a great job repairing it, so when it got caught in the middle of a serious multi-car pileup on the 202 this year I knew what to do!When the insurance adjuster came over here to Select and looked over my car he freaked out and totalled it, but I'm sorry, I love MY car!  I didn't want "a replacement like it" or to go back to Earnhardt for another new one (and have to add money) so I asked owner Bud Stock here at Select if he could save it.  He said yes, so I got the insurance company to let me keep my car and set things in motion here.The restoration did take a while, but I was never without a nice loaner car and now I have mine back.  It looks & drives like new, and I'm completely satisfied with the outcome!  (See photos.)  The morning after I brought the car home I went out to top off the air in the tires and discovered that they had even done THAT!     :-))
5	A friend from another county, not familiar with having to deal with auto accident repair in the states, needed to find a reputable body shop and I found Select Auto Body on yelp. 5 star reviews are great, but I was sold on the initial phone conversation. It inspired confidence. Car was returned in pristine condition and they went out of their way to help with a loaner car for my friend. Ownership and management are great. Thank you!
5	Love this place! Tami at the front desk was so helpful when my front bumper was ripped off by rebar sticking up from a curb. She worked with the insurance company and advocated for me; the insurance company ended up paying for the repair. Tami went out of her way to make sure my car was fixed before I had to drive it out of town for the weekend. The Select Auto Body team also thoroughly cleaned the car inside and out (it was dirty); they even took off the headlight covers and de-clouded them. Excellent customer service and excellent work. Thank you!
5	I brought my VW Jetta on a recommendation from my VW dealership. I have to say, Bud delivered the best customer service ever. I brought my car in for an estimate and was told to have a seat. 5 minutes later Bud calls me over and tells me he's repaired everything and that to for free!!!!  I was expecting a huge bill but thanks to  Bud I've saved so much. Very professional, super nice. Highly recommended
5	I knocked my side view mirror off (like a big dummy) and needed it replaced. The staff at Select Auto Body were incredibly helpful. Once they received the part, it took about 30 minutes for them to put on. They had the part the next day but I had to schedule to come back the following week due to my hectic schedule and they accommodated me by taping up my mirror to near perfection in the interim. They were very nice, worked as quickly as possible, and I would definitely refer them to others.
5	Unfortunately, I've had to visit Select twice in a year and half.  Damn Phoenix drivers!  If one more person hits this poor car, I will turn into the Hulk and kill them.  Now that that's out of the way -On both occasions, Select staff were extremely friendly and helpful, particularly when guiding me through the insurance process, about which I knew nothing.  My car looks excellent.  They do not use aftermarket products and didn't allow the other guy's adjuster to try to sneak any in.  Select staff definitely go above and beyond the call.  On both of my visits, they made minor repairs to my car that were unrelated to the accidents, just to be nice!  They also washed and detailed the car, and returned my rental car for me.  These little things went a long way to relieve my general stress about the situation.I wouldn't think twice about coming back or recommending them to anyone!
5	Just outstanding service and a renewal of the word Integrity. Since I caught them without a lot of customers, Bud and his team were able to get my door realigned and back to spec right there on the spot. Really easy to talk with and they were able to explain what needed to be done. I'd recommend these guys to anyone.
