5	Great service and great location. I got my speciallized glass in five days.
5	Fast and very professional service.
5	Great clinic. Dr liaw is very personable, easy to talk to, explains things, is thoughtful and is just plain nice. I had an eye emergency 3/3/12, called on the 5th and not only did I get in, Dr liaw waited for me. If you go see her you won't be disappointed.
5	Absolutely awsome!!!!! Dr. Liaw diagosed an astigmatism that had never been diagnosed before. My vision is better than it ever was!! Staff is also friendly and professional!!! Highly recommend to anyone!!!
1	I had an issue with the anti-glare coating on my glasses crazing.  Dr. Liaw said the warranty period had passed, so there was nothing she could do.  I said I understood and wanted to order a new lens at my expense.  Her response was that she no longer wanted my business.
4	Very helpful and provided  a thorough exam.  Staff was excellent.
5	Dr. Liaw is awesome! She provided an excellent exam and the staff is so friendly and professional!
5	This is the second year that I've taken my daughter to Dr. Liaw's office for a vision exam.  She was great the first year; this year, the visit was incredible.  Vision exams are scary for younger kids with the strange machinery and their somewhat invasive nature, but Dr. Liaw helped ease my daughter's anxiety, making for an efficient, productive, and overall pleasant exam.  She was very friendly and gave easy to understand  instructions, adapting her instructions as needed.  A note: I chose Dr. Liaw/Agave Eye Care because I liked the personalized service I received when I called to ask about the office.  Dr. Liaw frequently answers the phone, responds to emails promptly, and remembers our family - from our visit a year ago!  I felt it was a better fit for our family because of its more "homey" feel, versus the institutional impersonal approach of some of the national chains.  Our insurance is contracted with Nationwide Vision only; however, I will continue to choose Agave Eye Care for vision exams for my children.  I would highly recommend Dr. Liaw and Agave Eye Care for children and individuals with special needs.  She is approachable, flexible, and takes the time to listen and adjust as needed - a fantastic doctor.
4	I absolutely love Dr. Liaw, she is very thorough, detailed, and takes her time explaining things to you.  She is just the friendliest person, I'll definitely be back to se Dr. Liaw. I don't think you can get better care anywhere else.
5	Takes time and explains everything so well.  Definitely excellent care.
5	My husband and I have been very happy with Dr.  Liaw.  We have been seeing her for about 3 years now.  She is very personable and takes her time to explain dental concepts to her patients in a way that is easy to understand.  She is a genuine person and will give you personal recommendations, rather than recommendations that would offer her practice the most money.  During one of my visits,  I was asking about pricing based on what my insurance would cover; she actually took out a piece of paper and pencil to help me decide what was the best decision based on my personal and financial needs.  She also spends time to answer her emails even on her days off, which shows that she cares about her patients even when she is 'off the clock'.I would recommend Dr. Liaw to anyone. Thanks doc!
5	Dr. Liaw is the sweetest, most professional eye dr I've seen. She always remembers your name and treats you with above and beyond service.  Great office, great location and one I highly recommend.
