1	Stay away.  This is NOT a Verizon store.  It is a phone sales store only.  They sell you expensive phones, insurance and accessories then SIGN you up ONLY.  You will spend a fortune thinking that you've also paid for the 1st month of service then get home and find ANOTHER bill from Verizon for unpaid service & set up fees.  They will suck you in with promises and change your service all before you get your invoice & contract.  Go directly to a REAL Verizon store if you want Verizon service.  If you try to return the phones you got here they charge you a $50 restocking fee.  Don't be ripped off like we were.
1	Be very aware when buying phones here.  They offered us a bogus rebate to get us to buy.  Verizon denied it saying that the store knew that it didn't apply to the phone we purchased.  When asked about it, the store manager offered us a "store credit".  We already bought all we needed or want for this phone so would like a refund in the amount of the fraudulent rebate.  I guess we'll have to turn this over to the state attorney general so they can investigate them for fraud.
5	We got wonderful service here after being totally turned down at the Verizon Company store at Tempe Market Place.  Our salesman Michael was very helpfuland went out ofhis way to help us save money and work us through a complicated purchase.We have bought phones fromthis location and have always had a great, personal experience.  The phones were also cheaper than the quotes we got at the company stores. Michael also was more than willing to discount tradtional high dollar add-ons.  Great experience all around.
1	1.  This is a franchise, not a Verizon company store2.  Sales reps are extremely friendly3.  They verbally told us our contract and rates would remain the same.   Two months later, they went from $212 a month to $280.4.  We told them we wanted insurance for our sons phone because he would likely drop it  or lose it.    They gave us 'extended warranty' and his broken phone is not covered.5.  The store told us they were giving us a great rebate.   Actually, there price was raised higher than corporate stores.Corporate Verizon is no better....they tell you one thing, and up the contract....and change the contract.Can't get away from this company fast enough.   This is a corrupt oligopoly that should be subject to federal review....rather, they are making heavy Democratic donations and allowed to acquire and charge what they want.Horrible, Horrible, Horrible.
5	The day the new iphone 6 came out, I decided at the last minute I wanted one.  I happened to find this store while googling Verizon stores.  Lo and behold, they had some in stock at noon on that Friday.  When I got there, I was initially helped by Mike.  He was so helpful, I couldn't believe it.  I ended up buying two of the new phones.  Unfortunately, I had some issues with the phones (Apple ID problems), so I had to go back.  Since Mike wasn't there, I was worried what kind of help I would get.  Well, I didn't have to worry, because both of the guys I worked with, (Fabian and Lance?), were also very helpful and friendly.  I suggest if you need to go to a Verizon store, check this place out.  It's not even close to where I live, but I will drive there for all of my cell phone needs in the future.
5	I took my Aunt to this store for help on her new Android tablet, Roxy sat with her for 15 minutes explaining the basics and pointing out shortcuts and "how to".  An awesome sales clerk, so knowledgeable, patient and very soft spoken.
5	This is my closest Verizon store (I realize it's a franchise but still). We've gone here a few times and the service has always been good, but this last time it was excellent!  My dinosaur iPhone4 took it's final spill and it was time for me to upgrade.  Levi helped me right away, found a great upgrade deal for me and explained the entire process very well.  He was also very appreciate of my patience since the store was busy.  He was also very friendly and energetic even though it was at the end of Cyber Monday and he must have been tired!  Thanks, Levi!
