4	Ok, about a month ago I came across a picture of a new food truck posted by Local Foodnik Joel LaTondress, known to the Phoenix food community and the twitterverse as @AZHotdish.  Not often does a simple picture cause so much commotion, but since the snapshot in question was of a food truck focused on Northeastern seaside cuisine namely Lobster rolls and other such briny delicacies, foodies began buzzing, posting queries clamoring for further details.  Further information about where to find this culinary treasure or whether it actually existed was thin and the discussion seemed to end.A quick check of the URL www.mainelobsterlady.com got me a contact number to call which led to a rather pleasant conversation and information as to scheduled appearances.  Today, after almost a month of waiting, I went into stealth mode to get into the Arabian Horse Show (who cares about the horses when there's lobster to eat?) and get myself a lobster roll.The Maine Lobster Lady operates out of a very tidy, well equipped trailer.  As you approach you can almost smell the salt air and then theres the menu... Two different styles of Lobster roll, shrimp puffs and lobster chowder to name a few.  Barely able to control my glee, I ordered a tradiditonal lobster roll and an order of shrimp puffs.Served on a hot, butter grilled roll sat easily a half pound of some of the best prepared, most succulent lobster i've ever eaten.  This sandwich is the epitome of simplicity with the barest hint of lemon aioli, chunky lobster tail and claw meat and a buttery sweet roll. I cant even begin to describe how tasty this sandwich was and the $18 price was well worth it.To accompany my sandwich were an order of "shrimp puffs" ($8.50), think of hushpuppies stuffed with succulent bay shrimp, a crunchy exterior and soft, well seasoned, piping hot interior.  Oh yeah, this was just melt in your mouth delicious when dipped in creamy tartar sauce.I dont know if you have any interest in horses but if you value your tastebuds and the happiness of your belly, get out to the horse show or find the Maine Lobster Lady at one of her other events this spring and indulge, If you arent able to find her, stay tuned as I eat my way through her menu.  You may live vicariously through my culinary adventures!
4	We were lucky to get some great lobster rolls from this food truck at the Chandler Rock the Block festival on Saturday.  Having been to Maine and tried various lobster rolls, the rolls here are on par with what you'll find in the Pine Tree State.  I tried the traditional style, and it was delicious.  The large chunks of lobster were sweet and succulent, and the warm, toasty, buttery roll was perfect to combat the chilly evening.  We got here around 5:30 P.M.  and there were only 3 items available; the traditional lobster roll, the hot buttered lobster roll, and the lobster salad.  I would have liked to see more of the other items that they advertise on their online menu, such as the lobster bisque or seafood chowder.  I was also sad to see that they had sold out of blueberry lemonade, it sounded delicious.  The price of a lobster roll is $17, and it includes a hearty amount of lobster meat for your roll.  Unlike other food trucks that I've visited, there wasn't much of a wait at all for our food, a big plus!  I can't wait to try more lobster items from this food truck!
2	Sorry, not a fan. The best thing I ate this night was at Old Dixie's THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN. $17 for lobster roll and it just wasn't all that.
3	In its inaugural season it would be hard to call the Phoenix Festival of the Arts anything more than a dismal failure - a mere 40 artists plus some bands and organizations it was under-representative of the Valley's diverse art scene to say the least and yet at the same time it provided me the opportunity to do something I generally avoid; visit a selection of the city's food trucks - a collection of approximately ten which were present when the festival opened at 10am representing everything from lobster to pizza to hot dogs, barbeque, and pie.  Having already made two breakfast stops prior and with plans for Andreoli's Christmas Festival at 2:00pm I knew I'd need to save room and as such I perused the options carefully before settling on a trio...plus one en route back to the car.Starting with the most unique, a food truck concept I certainly never saw in the Midwest and would have never expected in the desert, my first stop of the afternoon was at The Maine Lobster Lady (http://www.mainelobsterlady.com/,) a truck described as "A Maine island girl, along with her very own lobster fishin' partner, serving the real deal Maine Lobster from the coast of Maine to the desert southwest!" and the menu, service, and accent all hold true to that definition in every way.Priced substantially higher than the average food truck given the quality of the ingredients my selections from The Maine Lobster Lady would be two - the first her signature Maine Lobster Roll with hot buttered lobster chunks served simply on a grilled roll.  Simple, fresh, and loaded with lobster this was about as simple as it gets and although small considering the $17 price tag it would be hard to quibble this quality of crustacean nearly 3,000 miles from its point of origin as it was every bit as good as that in Boston or elsewhere (where, incidentally, Neptune charges a whopping $22 for their roll.)Moving next to a more innovative, though less impressive choice, a $9 cone of Maine Shrimp Puffs arrived as a half dozen hush-puppy sized balls of medium sized Maine shrimp tinged with butter and herbs deep fried to golden and served alongside a zippy garlic aioli.  Tender but a bit too oily for my own personal tastes and with the shrimp far less snappy than the aforementioned lobster the aioli was a welcomed boost - a shot of flavor compensating for an otherwise disappointing dish; next time I think I'd go with the Whole Belly Clams or the lobster mac n' cheese.Good, particularly given the fact that it arrived from a truck in the middle of Phoenix, but pricey at $26 for perhaps a dozen bites of food I see The Maine Lobster Lady as a well conceptualized idea to fill a void, but not someplace I'd seek out unless I really had a craving.
5	Being a New England native I can assure you that this gal gives an accurate representation of some our our beloved seafood dishes (right down to the price).But if you think about it , her prices are pretty good for the amount of lobster you get in a roll (i.e. you get what you pay for).My mother and I were so excited to see that The Maine Lobster Lady had returned. Its almost unheard of to find a real New England style lobstah roll out here (see Baers Den review), and shes got it, right down to the New England style roll (unavailable in AZ). Our rolls were both toasted to perfection and housed all of those beautiful pieces of lobster perfectly. I enjoyed mine w/ the lemon aioli, a gourmet take on the usual squeeze of lemon and a little bit of mayo, while my Ma enjoyed hers plain. We also ordered the blueberry lemonade, which was a bit too sour for my taste, but still blueberry-rific.Were so excited to go back tonight and get some full bellied clams (a MA delicacy that in 20 years we havent found anything close to down here) and some lobster mac and cheese.Thank you Maine Lobster Lady for bringing a true taste of home out west even if it is for only a couple months a year.
5	I had the Connecticut style lobster roll and the shrimp fritters at Barrett Jackson and both items were delicious. The staff was great too.
3	I visited this food truck at the Scottsdale Art Festival this afternoon.  Of all the dining options listed on the map, this one stood out to me the most, so I held out for lunch until we found it.  By then, I was pretty hungry.  The line was long.  I waited for about 20 or 25 minutes, and was dismayed to find that it would be an additional 30 minutes to actually get food.  I figured I had already waited this long, so I went for it.  I decided to get a beer and come back.  When I returned after about 20 minutes, it was pretty chaotic.  A lot of people (understandably) had left and come back, so there was a steady stream of people asking the harried staff about their orders.  When I asked about mine, they couldn't find it at first.  I was on the verge of asking for my money back, but I was so hungry and I figured it must be close.  I finally got my Maine lobster roll after 45 minutes (plus the time I spent in line).  Was it worth it?  Well, it was good.  I know lobster is expensive and a person couldn't really expect more lobster than they put on the roll.  I was hoping for a little more food, though.  It came with a pickle spear and a tiny bag of chips.  I don't know - fries?  Coleslaw?  It was tasty, but I don't know if it was worth all the trouble.  My husband got a delicious gourmet hotdog wrapped in warm flatbread for 6 bucks and he didn't even wait 5 minutes.  I think he got the better deal!
5	When I moved to Arizona from Maine a few years back, I thought my seafood days were over... That is until I found, The Maine Lobster Lady!! I have tried both of her lobster rolls and they are delicious!! Well worth the price!! The meat is fresh and plentiful! It tastes just like a quality lobster roll I would buy back home! I can not wait to try the other "Maine Eats", on the menu!! The food truck is darling as well, an over all great experience!!
5	Another native New Englander chiming in with a RAVE review of this phenomenal food truck! I don't know of anywhere else in Phoenix (or in Arizona, for that matter) where you can get a real-deal lobster roll--and these lobster rolls are fantastic. They are *loaded* with lobster meat (with huge chunks of claw in there, too)--you are definitely getting bang for your buck in terms of the quantity and quality of what you are served. The fish sandwiches are top notch, too, as is the chowder, the lobster mac and cheese, the shrimp puffs, the blueberry lemonade...well, everything. Hunt down this food truck and gorge yourself silly--you will not be sorry!
2	I can't speak for the lobster entrees since they were sold out, but the lobster bisque is over salted, fishy and over priced. $9 for a cup (8 oz) of mediocre soup. The fried haddock was served on a doughy 10 cent bun slathered in mayo. Not worth $12.
5	I died went to HEAVEN on the 1st bite of my Lobstah Roll this past weekend in Phoenix, AZ.  "Truely out-of-this-world."  You owe it to yourself to see if you can catch her at a Festival or event near you!!!!
4	I became acquainted with The Maine Lobster Lady food truck at the 2013 Las Vegas Foodie Fest.  After an announcement that only 20 Lobster Rolls were left, I sweated it out but remained in line, because I was about the 14th person from the window.  When I reached the ordering station the truck was already out of Blueberry Lemonade at 8:30 p.m. on the second day of the festival, but I was able to secure one of the last Lobster Rolls.  The roll itself was rather small, and its contents were not warm like I thought they would be.  Instead this lobster Roll was refreshingly cold.  But it was chock-full of chunks of lobster graced by a light Lemon Mayonnaise Dressing.  Even the flippers tasted good!  I liked this cold roll despite my erroneous preconceptions of what it would be like.  It was served with a cold pickle spear, a small bag of Lay's Classic Potato Chips, and a wedge of lemon.  Priced at $18 a roll, there had better be some bang for the buck!  And there was!
5	I finally caught up with her at her last weekend in Phoenix about a month ago.  This is the real deal for all of us New England transplants looking for authentic seafood...lobster rolls, fried clams with bellies, chowdah, and a variety of other delicious options.  I will be following her religiously when she comes back next season.
5	Shes finally arrived! I have been following her since last year and I finally have caught up with her and spreading the word! Fresh as it can be in Arizona straight from Maine. And boy was it good...they may look small but they are worth every penny and surprisingly filling! The meat was tender and juicy. The sauce of lemon and mayo was delicious.  Comes with pickle and chips. Also had the blueberry lemonade..not a fan to sour for me but the rolks were on point. Would love to try more on the menu!
5	Note to Diana Santospago, you made my night and hope for your continued success!I was finally able to have my first Connecticut style lobster roll at the Food Truck Caravan Scottsdale and it was blissful.  A couple weeks before The Maine Lobster Lady arrived into town I emailed them inquiring on gluten free (yes I'm one of those pain in the ass customers) options.  I also asked if no GF rolls were available I would bring my own.  The Maine Lobster Lady promptly replied to my email advising that they would be able to use my GF roll with no issue, first impression of their customer service was off the charts.  This email brought me back to my childhood when you knew Christmas was close.  I've been accustom to just eating the filling of a sandwich if no GF option was available.  This wasn't a option for me this time because I wanted to get the full experience with my special requirements.  After waiting in line I get to place my order, told them of my GF roll and they handled it perfectly.  I finally get my roll took the first bite and was instantly in love!  I will visit one more time before they move on to the next town and will come back every year they stop into town.  You have a customer for life and will tell everyone I know of this amazing experience.
3	Was so looking forward to trying their Lobstah Sandwich. When we arrived around 8:30pm Saturday in Scottsdale there was still quite a line for this Food Truck and the others had no line I thought this has to be pretty good.Ordered the CT Style Lobster Sandwich which is served with Hot Lobster Meat. Also had the Blueberry Lemonade which was $18 and $3. After waiting around 15 minutes for my 2 items I was surprised by the size of the meal and would compare it to a children's meal. I think I should have super sized it but that sandwich would have been $36.The sandwich had quite abit of lobster for a regular size hot dog bun but for $18 it took about 4 bites to finish it. Good thing my wife and son got their food earlier and were half way done so I could finish eating the same time after I had to wait so long for my mini meal.Overall the sandwich was good for the lobster meat, small in quantity, high in price, not as warm as expected and did not wow me. The blueberry lemonade was also on a small cup for $3. If you are trying to eat light and like to pay $21 for a meal for yourself, this is the place! Good thing there were 4 other food trucks.
2	I've read the raving reviews about the Maine Lobster Lady food truck in the past but actually happened to find it this past weekend at the Scottsdale Art Festival! I was so excited to try "authentic Maine lobster rolls", as I have never been to Maine nor had a lobster roll before! We walked up and noticed the price of $18 for a lobster roll, $14 for lobster mac and cheese, fried haddock sandwich for $12 and blueberry lemonade for $3. Service was very friendly and was told to try the lobster roll cold, since that's how they eat it in New England. We also ordered the mac and cheese, I mean how often do you see mac and cheese lobster?! I also ordered the blueberry lemonade and waited a few minutes for the food.The lobster roll was TINY!! There was no sauce and looked nothing like the lobster rolls I've seen before. I got a few pieces of claw meat with a few pieces of lemon on top in a tiny size hot dog looking roll. My friend ordered the lobster mac and said it was COLD! I even took a bite and was shocked it would be cold. It was also cooked with a penne pasta, which is NOT mac and cheese! The only thing I enjoyed was the blueberry lemonade. For $43 (food and tip), this was a total disappointment!!!!
4	Thank goodness she's back!!Yes, the Lobster is pricey.  But where else can you get Lobster like this in AZ?  The Lobster comes from a boat in Maine too (I got the back story from a friend of mine).I still have yet to try the Lobster Mac and Cheese.  I usually get in line for some, and then at the last second change it to the Lobster Roll....yet again.  :)Keep up the great work!
5	What a lady you are!!! Who else could charm $40 out of my wallet FOR LUNCH? TOTALLY worth it!  I had just finished my final and decided to treat myself to a Connecticut Lobster Roll (a roll with chunks of sustainably sourced lobster meat drizzled with warm butter). I went "overboard" and got double meat. SO delicious and this lobster trumps what you get in most restaurants.They also have lobster mac and cheese, lobster bisque, shrimp puffs, haddock but I always go for the main event each time. My wallet can't handle this all the time but whenever you want to treat yourself, look no further!
5	Yum!!! The Lobster Lady is the BEST! She gives you a HUGE portion of fresh tasty lobster! The lobster rolls are my favorite, but even the lobster salad was wonderful! The other things on the menu are good too! My favorite of which are the fried clams. I am definitely going to be following the Lobster Lady around this year until she leaves!
5	Sadly, AZ hasn't been the hot spot for lobster rolls for a long...well okay, never. Who am I kidding? There are no lobsters in AZ! I am a crazed lobster addict, the Maine lobster lady is only in town during the fall and winter months, but oh my goodness, track her down! I get mine with melted butter and a lemonade. $20 well spent.
4	The lobster roll is the bomb! They're small, but the bread is very good---lightly toasted, with WARM tender chunks of lobster that melts in your mouth. Note: Lobster is best served warm because it becomes chewy when it's cold. If you're looking for heavy mayo and celery chunks, this roll isn't for you. If you're looking for bite after bite of "lobstah"heaven, this roll has got your name on it!  My only critique is the size of the roll doesn't fill you up and it's pricey, $18. I would need to eat 2 to get my fill, but $36 is a bit hefty for lunch. This is definitely a special occasional treat!Follow the food truck on Facebook. I found them parked in front of the Capitol building on a food truck Friday.
4	They're generous with the fresh lobster, the mayo spread is delicious and the buns are nice and buttery/toasted. Pretty pricey for a lobster roll, but it's a niche market.
4	First time I tired to go to the food truck was at the Food truck fest at talking stick couple months back. Line was stupid long so went to another truck that day. Way too hungry to wait 2 hours in line!   found them this weekend at the Scottsdale Art walk.  I was parked close to them and line wasn't too bad so I was in luck.  I tried the Main Lobster roll.  It was really good! big chunks of lobster lightly mayo'd with a wedge of lemon to go with it.  Bread was very good as well.  The roll was a little smaller than I had anticipated.  At $18 bucks for a roll and $3 for a lemonade, it is on the pricey side for a food truck.  Yes, I know it's lobster, but still.  I'm pretty sure I'd go back and try the Connecticut style next time.  Overall, great find and good job to them for bringing this to AZ and hopefully doing quite well and stay around a while.
5	With apologies to Air Supply."You are my ladyAnd I am your manWhenever I reach for you, you do all that you canAre you ready to learn the power of love?"There isn't much more that I can add to the other reviews. Fantastic food and even better service.  If you're out and you see this food truck, I don't care if you're hungry or not - get a lobster roll. If you don't, the missed opportunity will haunt you for the rest of your life; it'll be like that time you chickened out asking the pretty blonde to the prom.  But, don't take my word and the gazillion other reviewers word for the fantasticness (no that's not a word) of this food truck.  The Arizona Restaurant Association recently gave The Maine Lobster Lady a Foodist Award for Outstanding Food Truck.
4	Hello to my fellow Arizonians and seafood lovers!For this review it is important I remind everyone that I am the pickiest person I know and do not mind paying the bucks but the food has to be worthy!I have been waiting for the Lobster Lady to come back to Az for a year... I read a review last year just after she left town.. So when I read she was going to be in Chandler for Rock the Block I knew this was my chance!My friend had recently been in Maine and experienced several different lobster rolls and was excited to experience this with me...We found the truck around 1p and had only a couple people in line... It was $18.00 plus tax for the traditional lobster roll ... Pricey, yes... But come on... It's lobster all the way from Maine!!! Just doesn't get better than that!We got our roll and found a shaded bench and took our first look... The bun looked and tasted like a hot dog bun with the sides cut off and it was quite small... Looks MUCH larger in the pictures but I am told they all have the same amount of meat..The meat was primarily claw meat... Didn't see all the chunks of tail meat like you see in the pics... We cut it in half to share and each got 2 bites... Which again no biggie... The problem we had it that the meat was not super sweet... Generally the claw and tails are very different tasting... All we tasted was claw meat and we've experienced such tasting meat From the grocery store lobster tank... Very disappointing ... Very important to realize at this point is food is a preference... As I explained I am very picky and if I am going to pay that price... I expect perfection or close to it!Now we come to the part I want you all to pay attention to!!!!I decided instead of just writing a review I would speak to the Lobster Lady.. And I did just that.... She was a LOVELY woman and it is obvious she is PASSIONATE about her products and proud of the fact that her husband is a lobster fisherman.When I approached her I was pretty pissed that we just spent $18... Plus tax for what we got... Then I saw the look on her face and in her eyes I immediately knew I was speaking to a very kind, passionate and professional business woman who was extremely concerned about what her customers thought!  It's rare to see that... I felt like turning around  and not saying a word as not to hurt her feelings... That has never happened to me before! LolMy friend and I chatted with her and she offered to gladly refund us!!! She made suggestions on what to try if we came back.My friend and I were quite impressed and we would recommend The Lobster Lady!Maybe it was just the batch... Maybe our expections were too high... All I know is it turned out to be a pleasant experience!My apologies for not knowing her name but if you see her truck... Definitely give it a try and let her know what you thought... Good or bad she actually wants to know!!  Imagine that!When I told her I was going to write a review but decided not to because she handled the situation so well... She told me I should write my review because she wants people's honest opinions... I decided after much thought to write this but to also make it clear that we all have different taste and it is important to NEVER judge simply by one persons opinion/ review and to also TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!Good luck on your visit here in Arizona and Safe travels :)You are a truly wonderful woman and am very glad I had the opportunity to meet and chat with you!Lobster Lady will around Phoenix area for a short time so get out there and get yourself some Maine Seafood!Bon Appetite'
4	Really loved the lobster roll. Was it worth $18? For a treat , yes. A regular thing , No. I also had the lobster bisque and it was delicious. Fun thing to do, especially to get fresh lobster in AZ but bring the bucks!
5	I waited an hour and paid $50 for me and my girlfriend to have two hot lobster sandwiches and lobster Mac n cheese. Would I do it again? YES. Believe the hype. These folks do it right!!
4	I've had the lobster rolls twice now (traditional style) and learned after the first time to bring a little mayo with me to add to the lobster. Maybe the part of Maine I frequented uses more mayo (and usually a bit of celery) in their lobster rolls, but I need the mayo to bring out the lobster taste. Yes, $18 is a lot for a sandwich, but you won't find fresher lobster unless you cook it yourself and even then who knows how long those lobsters have been swimming in the Safeway tank? I also enjoyed the blueberry lemonade - a nice change from iced tea or soda. One day I'll try the mac and cheese or lobster bisque!
4	FINALLY!  I hope they add some more venues!I caught them at a lil bar in Old Town.  Hardly any wait!  I got the traditional (cold) lobster roll and some lobster mac and cheese.  The bread is awesome - kinda sweet and buttered and toasted just right.  The sandwich was stuffed with lobster, not too much mayo.  It is kind of small for $18, but I'm glad it wasn't a disappointment after years of hype!The mac and cheese was a little disappointing..  The pasta is way overcooked so its really mushy.  The cheese sauce isn't bad and I enjoyed the lobster flavor well incorporated into the dish.  Others felt it was a bit "fishy".  We also tried a homemade whoopie pie which I didn't really like at all..  It kinda tastes like warm cookies that resemble ice cream sandwich ones with marshmallow fluff in the middle instead of ice cream.  All in all, I'll probably stick to the lobster rolls!  Maybe have the clams.  :)
5	Being from Cape Cod I really appreciate  honest seafood. This is by far the best you can get west of the Boston. Keep cooking them lite. Thanks Jacque and Larry
5	The best meal from a food truck I've ever experience... And I've eaten a lot of food trucks!My bf says "if this was a stand alone restaurant, it will be packed every day".We waited in line patiently while my mouth watered with every step closer we got to ordering our food. We both had the Connecticut Lobster roll, lobster-lobster Mac and Cheese, and we were surprised with the complimentary size of lobster bisque they were handing out for the holidays.Everything was ahhhhhh-mazing, flavorful, and fresh. I will camp out next time I know she will be in my neck of the woods and I suggest you do the same.
4	Finally got a chance to sample this mythical food truck at the Food Truck Caravan in Scottsdale and the legend lives up to the hype...mostly.  I have to imagine that the other vendors get a bit despondent when this truck shows up at an event.  She draws a crowd!  Wherever this truck is going to be, get there right when the event starts.  The line fills up fast and while the truck's staff is very efficient at keeping the line moving, the wait can be a half hour or more. I ordered the $18.00 Connecticut lobster roll, which consisted of succulent warm lobster meat drizzled with butter and nestled in a pillowy soft toasted bun.  The meat was sweet and tender.  The portion was generous but the roll was so good, I wanted more!  The price included a pickle spear and a bag of chips.I also ordered the blueberry lemonade ($3.00).  Fresh squeezed with a perfect sour/sweet combination.The only disappointment was the seafood chowder.  The broth had good flavor to it but that's about all it was...broth.  There were a few flecks of corn and a couple chunks of potato but I swear there was no seafood or fish in my portion at all.  I do know that I got the last portion of that particular pot, because I saw them replacing the pot after my order was plated.  My suggestion would be that when they get to the bottom of one pot, they make sure that the last couple portions have some meat in them.  While the creamy broth was good, it was no value without any seafood in it at $9.00 for a small bowl.But that won't stop me from giving them another try!  Service was friendly and I can't wait to try some of the other delectables on their menu!
