3	Alright, I admit it, I have a love for vintage video games. I grew up on the  Atari 2600, and miss those days of no-win shooters with barely discernible graphics. So, finding Games Plus was something of a revelation for me. Not only did they have the old Atari games and systems, but they sold almost every old system and their games and also offer repair services.  The store doesn't get points for style, but frankly, like any used store, its part of the fun to sift through the piles of old items including a wall stacked full of old VHS tapes. One of the owners of the store is incredibly friendly and enthusiastic and knows more about video games then I would ever want to. Even if you don't like video games, its just fun to talk to the guy.So far, so good. But the other two guys who work there are far less easy to deal with to the point that I wouldn't want to go shop unless the friendlier owner was there. It's more than the fact that they can be brush and condescending, but refusing to price games for my friends and I was a sign of things to come. Despite their return policy, they wouldn't believe my friend when he came in to return a game that didn't work and slightly damaged his system that he bought from them the day before. Hoping for even a partial refund, the guys basically called him a liar and that was that.So...I'm left to say...it can be fun to shop there, but you will need to plan your visits around the rotation of the sith employees.
2	I like vintage games but stuff is really unorganized. On top of that employees don't help you or don't keep track of inventory. Their best answer is "if it's not in the pile it's not there."I'd rather go to Bookmans or use eBay.
2	The selection can be a dream come true if you really know what you're looking for but the prices on some of it isn't what I'd call fair or even moderate... The store itself seems to always be in shambles but it has gotten a bit better since their remodel, the employees however leave quite a bit to be desired. The girl that works there is a real sweetheart (I think she said her name was Laura) she was always helpful and never treated anyone that came in with anything less than total respect. The two guys however were quite vulgar in how they spoke about people and topics not to mention condescending, I heard them (the guys) outright say that they were better than everyone else... overall the store itself is good but you have to be willing to deal with certain types of people.
