4	New Sanbar on Ray Rd (near I-10; just east near Red Lobster & Lowe's).  Grand Opening 9/17/09.  Dropped by last night and they let us in as part of the "Friends and Family" pre-grand opening.  Nice place, roomy, great place to watch games; never been to Sandbar in Scottdale or other locations, but this will be a fun spot to frequent - nothing else like it along Ray Rd.  They gutted the old Bahama Breeze and this place is much better!Food was good; drinks were good; friendly staff - the sand, pool all make it fun.  Big bars; good indoor seating; lots of parking.  Coconut shrimp are really good as an appetizer.  Lots of great HDTV's for game watching...no bad seats for viewing anywhere.Should be a hit!  Looking forward to going back with some friends.
3	I noticed months ago that construction crews were working on the structure formerly known as Bahama Breeze. Note: I didn't shed a tear when Bahama Breeze shut down, like, a year ago. I'm not generally a fan of chain restaurants (other than Jenny's), and the Breeze to me was nothing more than a glorified Applebee's with a pseudo-tropical theme. Whatev. So what was this new establishment going to be? A Walgreens? CVS? Fresh&Easy? A strip club? (Dear lord, PLEASE let it be a strip club. I'm begging you. It's a good 40-minute drive back home to Ahwatukee from most of the other fine establishments, and I've found that the longer the commute, the harder it is to get that stripper smell out of my car.)Much to my chagrin, the joint reopened last week - not as a gentlemen's club - but as the second coming of Bahama Breeze: Sandbar. That was my impression as I pulled into the parking lot ... that I had waited all this time and the place reopened as a smaller version of itself.But in fact, Sandbar is different. Than Applebee's, I mean. Turns out it's like a cross between Salty Senorita and Dos Gringos. (Sandbar also has locations in Peoria and Scottsdale, neither of which I've been to nor did I know exist.)The digs are pretty cool, actually. Mexican beach theme with several overhead doors that bring the outside in. In fact, the outside bar area is surrounded by sand. Actual sand. Hence the name. Sandbar. Even though I got sand in my Pumas, I decided it was a pretty cool touch. Ladies ... you might not want to wear high heels, however. Continuing with the theme, they have cabanas and a little beach/wading pool thing that I guarantee drunk people will end up in on many nights, even though it's supposed to be just for looks.I had the Famous Sandbar Chimichanga, (made famous, apparently, by the other two locations, as this one has only been open for eight days), and it was really good. I was pleasantly surprised. It seems to me that often times, restaurants that put so much effort into their theme have food that's just "eh." The chimi is all I had, so I've nothing else to report culinarily; just know that it was tasty.Thirty-some-odd flatscreens scattered about the place. Looks like it could be a good place to watch the game on Sundays.The service was just okay. I'll give Sandbar a mulligan on that, seeing as how it's their first week in operation and I imagine they're just trying to get their feet under them. But it better rock next time. It's been said - and it's entirely true - that the place doesn't make the place, the people make the place. So ultimately, that will decide whether or not I frequent Sandbar. Too soon to get a feel for the vibe here. There was a whole range of folks patronizing the place on this evening, probably trying to figure out for themselves what kinda' scene it's gonna be. From seemingly normal cool people, to the "Did we get lost? I thought we were on Mill Ave" crowd, to the "Does my Affliction shirt fit tight enough?" crowd, to the "They say 60 is the new 25, right?" crowd ... they were all here on this evening.  Eww. But again, a mulligan because the place is new. We'll see ...Still have sand in my Pumas. Three stars for now.
3	Great outdoor beach atomsphere.  Unfortunately the beer was very warm and soda flat.  Service was good and friendly waitstaff.  The crowd was college all the way to grandparents.  A lot of fake boobs, almost too many....  But overall an ok place and if the beer was cold, I would give this place a 4 star.  Music after 10 was great, old and new hip hop.  I will definitely go back in search of some colder beer.  Oh yeah, plenty of nice HDTV's to watch sports.
3	This review is based solely on Sandbar as a nightlife spot, I didn't eat there, just drank, heavily, and danced, heavily, and based on my few moments of clarity between shots these are my thoughts....Sandbar offers some great music and a dance floor to get your groove on.  It's only been open a week so it was packed! If you don't get there before 10 pm expect to wait in a long line and not find a table to park your drinks at.  The ambience is very cool and it is pretty big, there actually are a lot of tables both inside and out. There are 4 cabanas on the outside patio that you can reserve if you have a large group and promise to spend at least $300, which is very easy to do with a large group. The sand and small pool are a nice touch, I did get a little sand in my shoes but didn't mind one bit. The dance floor isn't huge but it doesn't get too packed we always found a spot to comfortably shake our groove things, the DJ plays hip hop, some rock and even a little country while they show the videos on the flat screens, they even played SNL's digital short On a Boat with Andy Samberg & T-Pain which is very danceable and very hilarious.  Now we did have a few issues but I think it's based on the fact that this place is new and so so packed and management did try to make amends so I'm not going to knock them too much for it. It was my sister's birthday so we called in advance to reserve a cabana for the night but then they called us back a day later and said they had actually overbooked so we no longer had the cabana, we then made reservations for dinner but once we got there they did not have a spot for us to sit, they had anticipated another big party would leave before we got there and they did not, so we had to go somewhere else for food, but the manager offered my sister free drinks when we came back later and they did reserve us some high tops by the dance floor when we came back so that was nice. We never had to wait too long for our waitress to come back around and offer more drinks either, another plus.Also because it is so packed there is more of a possibility of having a few knucklheads in the crowd, we actually saw a fight early in the night, small and squashed quickly. Then later in the evening some drunky tried to fight a guy in our group, I think this drunky had little man complex and he was in the crowd and he bumped into our friend at the same time that someone else bumped into him so he thought our friend purposely bumped him. Our friend was actually the designated driver so he was completely sober and the drunk 5 foot tall guy tried to fight the sober 6 foot tall guy who kept telling him to walk away, which he did, only to come back later with his 5 1/2 foot tall friend to avenge him. It was all stupid and the management could see that it was just two drunk guys trying to prove they weren't scared of the big guy and they kicked the knuckleheads out and let us stay.  The night was saved and we actually stayed until the last song at 2 a.m. chit chatting and dancing the night away.I will definitely go back, maybe not for a few weeks when it isn't so crowded but with it being one of the few dance spots in Chandler this probably won't happen any time soon, which is good for them. We went on a Saturday but I've heard Friday is just as packed.
3	As a Scottsdale transplant living in Chandler,  I'm always looking for a "cool" and "hip" place to go for happy hour.  Normally, the boys pick places like Majerle's and Murphy's Law.  Boorrrring.  Now, I don't really like Sandbar Scottsdale.  Too......"alternative", with lots of punk rockers.  But anyway.We arrived around 4:30pm for happy hour, and there was already a good sized crowd there.  When we sat down with several others, it was clear the waitress was terribly slow with zero personality.  And what's up with the black knee socks with the sculls?  It continued to get busy, and the crowd was the most random group ever.  I saw 21 year olds, parents with children in tow, hot MILF's, and old dorky men straight from Intel.  I'm thinking it's because it's new and everyone wants to check out that cool bar with the real sand and mini pool.I would have gone with 2 stars, but I threw an extra in because they're new and I will check it out on a Saturday night around 9pm to see if we can weed out some of the randoms and get a fun crowd having a good time!  Who am I kidding?  We just talk amongst ourselves anyway!
5	I don't frequent Chandler much but I did want to mention that I was at the grand opening of this new Sandbar and know the NEW owner of this specific location.  He told me he was revamping the current menu and that I would be very impressed.Well...he was right!  Being a lover of Taco's but not a lover of eating a lot of carb loaded tortillas, this new Sandbar has the best option I have ever seen to be able to keep the pleasure of eating a taco with your hands and not just picking at the inside of it with a fork.They have managed to transform the tortilla into a soft jiacama wrap.  Its delicios and goes very well with their mahi mahi or ahi taco's.  Add in some black beans and guacamole and you have the perfect light and nutritious meal.I also recommend the pork adovado and basically every other item on the menu has been revamped and has a fresh twist on what was pretty average mexican fare...
1	Two letters WT!  Simply put, there are too many drunk trashy guys who try to start fights here. The management does little to offset that. We know someone who got his car urinated on by a random drunk person and then that drunk person had the nerve to fight and assault him with 4 of his friends. Yeah, we are talking WEST SIDE type of mentality here!  The owners and the establishment don't do enough to screen their clients. If you are an educated professional that dresses well and thinks fighting in bars is a little white trash and high school then this place is not for you.Bahama Breeze was nothing special but in early 2000, it at least attracted a crowd that was somewhat educated, trendy and held good jobs. Sandbar is full of people who don't have enough money to party in Scottsdale so they come here instead. I live 5 minutes from this place and I will never come here again. I would much rather drive to Scottsdale.I wish this place had a cover and a drink minimum because I would pay generously to keep the idiots out.
3	I've been here several times for late night festivities on Fri/Sat nights. It's the new place to be in Chandler so it's still pretty packed after 9-10pm. I think it's pretty lame they charge a cover for guys after 10pm and they do have a sign up about a dress code, I've never been with anyone that's had a problem so I'm not sure what they won't allow. I know some of the girls I've seen there are dressed like h00kers, so maybe they just do the general no baggy pants for the fellas? Ha. After 10 they clear out the tables inside and have dancing. Pretty good music, sometimes its a weird mix and you are scratching your head on how to dance to the next song but still fun. Lots of old school fun songs to sing along to and just have fun. The dance floor doesn't seem to get to packed, not dead by any means - you have room to move around. Its very diverse, I still think everyone wants to check it out. Age range 21-50, seriously :) Some of the people in there are a little too Scottsdale for Chandler, no offense to those Scottsdale-ites. But seriously, you are at a bar that has a sand floor outside, 6 inch heels may have not been the best choice of footwear. It's hit and miss with the bar service, at the bar can take awhile to get a drink, but that's going to happen anywhere. I do want to give major props to Katie, our server the other night for taking care of our table. She was awesome and I was never empty handed.
4	I"m reviewing this based on Sunday lunch only since I have not experienced the nightlife here, but it sounds like a pretty happening place on Fri/Sat.  I had lunch here today with a girfriend and thought it would be more crowded in the bar for Sunday football, but it wasn't too packed.  We were hoping to catch up and chat, so the noise level with the music and high def sports made it a little bit challenging, but overall it's a cool atmosphere and has a good vibe.I ordered the chicken burrito with black beans and rice ($9) and she had the cheese enchiladas with green sauce and rice/beans ($9).  I liked the presentation, both plates were very festive and nicely sized portions.  I ate half of mine and took the rest to go.  It was really good with nice chunks of shredded chicken breast mixed in with a pico de gallo type sauce.The service was really good, and I'm looking forward to coming back for cocktails :)
4	Love the atmosphere not to mention the food was really good.
2	In short a casual bar and grill with a beach theme and enough TV's to entertain people during sporting events. The food on the menu is standard middle class Mexican food, from fish tacos to civiches. Most come here for the drinks and order once they are hungry. There is a $5 never ending bucket of chips and salsa.The outdoor bar is sounded by sand covered floor so don't wear your nice shoes. There a cabanas for the VIP's and a indoors in case the weather turns sour.  If you are looking for the place to be bar (2010) in the West chandler / Tempe / awatukee area this may be it for you as long as you like laid back non pretentious atmospheres.
3	I love walking into a restaurant setting that makes me feel like I'm on vacation. The big colorful Hawaii picture on the wall, the outdoor tables with sand under the feet, the open bar with patron bottles hanging as lamps - the place just looks like fun! My husband and I were early birds - we arrived at 6pm on a Saturday. The place was not that busy - we chose a pub table by the bar. Our server brought us menus and walked us through all the drink choices, which I love. I decided on the pomegranate margarita and my husband got the Diablo. My drink was extremely sweet and I couldn't taste the tequila. If the entire review were based on my drink, it would get one star. The Diablo, however, was so yummy - a lightly sweet cocktail with a spicy aftertaste - it was so good my husband had two of them. We ordered four appetizers, which was a lot of food. (1) The steamed mussels in ancho chili sauce were AMAZING - we wanted to lick the plate clean. (2) The calamari was underwhelming - deep fried and rubbery w/ an overly sweet chili sauce. (3) The steak quesadilla was yummy, but they didn't provide enough guacamole, salsa or sour cream for the entire dish - it seemed like there was some serious rationing going on. (4) The coconut prawns were lonesome - four little guys, fried to death, sat on a very large place with more of the same sauce from the calamari.  Our server was over-attentive. She stopped by about every five minutes to see how we were doing. It drove us both a little nuts, but she was really nice, which made up for the constant checks. Total cost of 1 margarita, 2 diablos, 1 beer and four appetizers: $75. (I think for the cost/value ratio, I am better off across the street at Z' Tejas.)I feel like this place has the potential to be very great if they could just change up a few things. Don't over-fry things, add some variety to the sauces (maybe chipotle mayo for calamari?), don't ration guacamole and sauces, and don't give me super sweet drinks with a splash of tequila and call it a margarita.
2	decent crowd, good vibe. however, the food sucks and bottled beers are $5. plus a cover charge on weekends? hello, this is chandler, AZ.....if i wanted scottsdale prices i would go there and visit much cooler places. this sandbar, however, is much better than the morgue that they call sandbar on scottsdale & shea. not bad if someone invites you to go there, but if i'm picking i'm going somewhere else. people watching is good, a mix of normal people, professional people, losers, skanks and aspiring porn stars..so that's entertaining...
2	Seriously, you would think a bar with a cool beachy theme and a nice patio would be a no brainer in Arizona. Sadly, this place has disappointed me. I have been here twice and I'm still unimpressed. Drinks are ok, but I would expect a little more alcohol in my drink- my vodka tonic tasted mostly like tonic. Also, I think I'm generally on the younger side of the crowd here, and I felt slightly out of place. Not trying to offend, and I know its in chandler, but one Saturday night I went, and I swear the average age was 35-40. Its ok for happy hour, but there are certainly better places to go.
2	Place gets packed so watch out even when using your card to buy drinks. I went on a Friday for happy hour and bought myself and a friend a drink and the next day my bank account I was charged $50.00! My bill was only for 12.00.Another instance my guy friend was wearing a hat and they did not let him in after 10:00 pm because no hats allowed. I looked over into the Patio and their were plenty of guys with hats on.....I'm sure the security guy was discriminating so we left.
3	I'm a fan of the Sandbar in Scottsdale. This one in Chandler, seems... Not as service oriented. Last night at happy hour, we waited 20 minutes before the bartender said "I'll be right with you". Later, we moved to a table and I waved the waitress over. She said, "Can I help you with something?". haha. Almost like she was just going to point to the bar and say, "you can get your drinks right there." But then service got normal. I've been to this Sandbar 4 times now. Foods good, drinks are ok.
3	Here is an update to my earlier review! In fairness, management was listening. I arrived on a Thursday night and it was busy but not ridiculously packed. The crowd still seemed trashy but they were at least well behaved this time. I think management deserves credit for that. You didn't see the typical Golds Gym meatheads thinking they are dressing trendy with their Underarmor black shirts and jeans! A noticeable change was the staff! The bartender was actually polite and friendly and didn't have the faux wannabe Scottsdale attitude. Waiters and busboys kept coming around asking if we would like refills on drinks. There was a table of beautiful women that deliberately sat inside to avoid the crowd outside which tells me a lot about this place...namely they were there for the drinks prior to venturing to Scottsdale and didn't want to be disturbed by all the guys outside. It was definitely not a pick up kind of place. And in terms of diversity...what people are really meaning to say are African Americans! It was still 90% white but just seeing any color at a Phoenix venue is a nice change and shows that our state is making progress; it definitely felt less NASCAR if you know what I mean. The dress code and cover charge for guys is a good start and it has helped eliminate the shadiness so the management deserves much acclaim for this. However, there were still problems. The management has to better control the parking area. Some type of security needs to be present at all times in the parking lot because you can still see random guys pissing on cars and groups huddled that a look a bit sketchy. The dress code for the guys has to be better emphasized. Non-sneakers and non-baggy jeans doesn't do enough especially when 40 year old Joe shows up in a polo shirt, and bleached jeans. Dressing well is not limited to Scottsdale. How about something as simple as a black button down shirt, nice jeans and leather shoes! Lastly, the female waistaff and service has NOT improved. They could learn a thing or two from the guys. There was still a lot of that stuck attitude that was present in November. The management needs to better emphasize friendlier service from their female waitstaff and bartenders.
3	I'd been meaning to check this place out, since it's in my neighborhood and I like a good Mexican restaurant. I was pleasantly surprised. Service was good, the pork adobo tacos were delicious, and the chicken fajitas were also very good. I wanted to try the drinks, but my friend and I had stopped in for lunch while running errands. So I'll save that for another review.
2	Sandbar is an OK place to go in the daytime when you are having a few drinks, but at night this place gets crazy (which isn't always bad, crazy can be fun)...but not always in a good way. We come here because its close to home and we enjoy the ambiance, but the food is not very good at all. One Friday night we decided to go to Sandbar to have a few drinks and relax, and all of the sudden my foot is bleeding everywhere. There is some crazy girl throwing bottles and drinks at some guy she is pissed off at, and my friends and I have glass all over us and are drenched with sticky alcohol...I go to the bouncer to let him know the situation and that people are getting hurt by this psycho b*&%h and what does he do??? He kicks me out! I try to explain the situation to him but his little bouncer brain doesn't quite get the picture. They never did anything about the girl and my friends and I had to leave. This place is trashy...end of story.
2	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):6 Food3 *DRINKS*7 Service6 Atmosphere7 ValueThe guac was tasty but stock.  The drinks (including beer) are all weak and watered down.  The areas the bar has created are fun, except that the crowd that makes up this place seems to be older than I was in the market for.  It's kind of like Valley Cougars: Chandler Edition.
2	I mentally gave this place 4 stars the first time I came here.. mostly because I got plastered and proceeded to taste my food twice for the rest of the next day. I then came back during day time to eat. Not my choice, but hey, can't pick where those office lunches happen. The food was pretty MEH.. my vegetarian friends were pretty disappointed when they saw the veggie tacos (they don't even use tortilla shells, they use jicama which is soft and WET). nothing special.. you can get better Mexican at Taco Bell. Side note about Sandbar... the staff (waitresses/bartedners,etc) are all very hot.. but that guido-style attire with really tight tshirts, massive amounts of gel in your hair and bad-boy attitude doesn't really make me love to look at you.. I'm just sayin'
2	Was looking for a Mexican restaurant in the Ahwatukee area and was lured in by the big outdoor patio at Sandbar. I was with family visiting from out of town so I thought they'd like to sit outside and enjoy the warm weather. Unfortunately there were no open tables outside so we ended up sitting inside oh well.The atmosphere is kinda loud and bar like which was fine. It wasn't so loud that we couldn't hear each other. Although the waiter had a hard time hearing us as we had to repeat ourselves several times. And he always seemed to big in a big hurry which was kinda weird.We got chips and salsa and a couple people in our party got margaritas to start with. I was kinda bummed that the chips and salsa were $5 when they're usually free at other places if you order dinner. But the salsa was actually pretty good so it was fine.I had the carnitas tacos and was a bit underwhelmed. Honestly the carnitas at Chipotle is better. They were fine, 3 to an order but the portions were kinda skimpy. The tortillas were fresh though. I ordered it with rice and beans. The beans were fine but the rice was pretty gross. I don't know if it was the seasoning or what but it was some of the worst mexican rice I've ever had.The boyfriend had the chicken enchiladas and he said they were not good. He said the sauce on them was more like marinara sauce than enchilada sauce - yuck. My cousin and her husband didn't say anything so they might have liked it or they were just being polite.With so many other good places for Mexican here in town I don't think we'll revisit Sandbar anytime soon.
4	Came back only for drinks. Got plastered again and harassed some male bar tenders.It looks like we're back to 4 starts again! Epic win.
2	Met some friends who were hanging out on a Saturday afternoon. The place has a nice vibe, with the indoor seating area open to the outside with lots of fans and a great escape from the heat. It does feel like you are in on vacation when you are there. Our friends were hanging out in a cabana and when it came close to 5pm, we were told the the space was reserved for another party. We asked how much they were and they said it was a $300 min. - WTH! More amazing is that people pay it! You know you are in Chandler right? Corona's were $5! of course you are going to have a mexican import beer when you are at a Mexican bar - so they have no pity in the price! No specials on the weekends. Did not eat, but had some chips and salsa. They tasted as expected. Do not expect fantastic mexican food at this place - just something to feed you while you enjoy the decor and expensive drinks. The service was good and the scene was alot of people hanging out with some Cougars prowling. If they made my wallet feel more welcomed and the food look better, I would visit again.
4	Great food.  Great prices.
3	Fun to drink at.Food is GROSSSSSSSSSSSSWe had every type of tacos on the menu at our table.  I sampled all of them.  None were good, NONE.  Rather eat at Taco Bell bad.So yes, I will return to drink, because it's a fun atmosphere!Eat?  Helllllll no.
3	Always packed
1	Brought the in-laws here, the food was blah, the service was bad. Our waitress seemed to be easily distracted, wasn't entirely sure what we ordered, and managed to hang on to what was a cold beer until it was lukewarm while talking to either a customer/friend/co-worker. Not going back, not interested.
4	I have only been for lunch so i can only comment on the restaurant and not the bar (or bar ambience) but i am impressed with the quality of the food. It is most definitely American/Mex but the fish and carnitas tacos are quite tasty.
3	Picked up a friend that was stranded there. Seems to be your typical "Poser, Meat Market, and Look at Me" establishment. There were all kinds there, from youngsters, to Tommy Bahama old men hanging out. It was early 9pm and the place was filled up. Music was good, drink (soda) was taste, and I was in and out in about 15 minutes. Not sure when I will be back, as this is not really my scene...been there done that years ago!
4	After a morning of volunteering with one of my girlfriends, we decided to come here because its her favorite place and I wanted to see what this place was all about.I really liked the interior.  It was decorated nicely and had a nice tropical feel to it.  They have colorful lights on the patios, and the walls are painted in a variety of different colors.  Its very festive in here!We were seated immediately and our service was wonderful.  Drink refills were a bit on the slow side, BUT the service was personable and good overall.I went with an appitizer becuase even though I was hungry, they seem to have larger portioned dishes here, and didnt want to be overwhelmed with an enormous about of food.  The main entrees tend to run about $10 on average, and they have appitizers with smaller portions for a little bit less.  Being that I was starving, but not wanting a humungous portion I couldnt finish, I stuck with the appitizer.Food was tasty, and we also were given chips and 2 types of salsa dips to go with them.  Chips were warm and tasty as well.  You can also sit out and eat on the patio, but we opted to sit inside and enjoy the AC.I would gladly return here for happy hour, dinner with friends or dates for that matter.
4	I never had the food here so this review is based solely on this place as a venue. It's a pretty fun spot to go hang out and have drinks when I don't feel like going to Mill Ave or Old Town. When it first opened up, it would get stupid packed but as time progressed the crowd slowly subsided. There are nights when it still gets pretty packed but still enjoyable. Crowd here is mixed, which I like. It doesn't take very long to get drinks which can be a buzzkill sometimes. Their bar is pretty well stocked and they seem to have most of the things I've asked for. I like to switch things up now and then. There is also a little small dance floor area should your heart (or feet) desire to do so.
2	The food here is blah. I'd rather eat tacos from a dozen places I pass on the way here... The bar atmosphere is crowded on weekends... standing room only in fact. Drinks are okay, lots of TVs to go with the fake beachy vibe. The music was not my groove but did observe some hilarious drunk dancing that was the most entertainment to be had... If I am invited to yet another birthday bash here, I may or may not decide to come.
4	Very good food... love the sand... and good music at night.... service is good for what you want in this scene.
2	So I was in Phoenix for work, and had a chance to meet up with an old friend for dinner / drinks on a Thursday night.  After dinner, we stopped at Sandbar for a quick drink to catch up around 10'ish.  First off... outdoor bar in January?  Awesome.  Coming from CA, I'm used to the warmer-than-usual winters, but having 70-degrees at 10pm?  sweeeet.  The bar itself was average, the staff virtually non-existent besides the bartenders flirting with a few patrons.  ...and the patrons?  pretty much a mix of everything you could imagine.  Blue-collar workers, business men/women, scantily-clad women whose provocative nature screamed of low self-esteem, and jersey shore wanna-be's.  So yeah, they have a bit of everything.  Decent bar for people watching, but I doubt I'd return there unless forced.
3	Oh, it's ok I suppose. It's one of those places that promises so much in the way of a great time that one can't help but be disappointed. Kinda like a cruise ship.It also reminds me of what art critic Robert Hughes said about Las Vegas: "The land of instant riches and perpetual orgasm".  Party party party. Fun fun fun.Anyway, they have bars and sell drinks and have Mexican food. The waitresses are young and cute.Oh, and I do suspect -- as others here have suggested -- that many of the patrons are not entirely self-actualized and thus are not acting in a state of full existential freedom in attending this place.In other words, they tend to be drunk and horny.It also can be hard to find a place to park some nights.And no, in fact I didn't get laid there, and that fact is probably weighing on this less-than-enthusiastic review. Thanks for asking!
4	I met up with some coworkers for a happy hour, and even though I used to live at Dobson & Warner, I hadn't previously ventured to the Sandbar. I arrived early just after the start of happy hour and had no trouble finding a parking spot or a nice table on the patio - across from the fire pit, in the sand, near an umbrella. Perfect. During happy hour they had $2.50 Dos Ambers and $4 frozen marguerites. I started with both. The waitress was cool and took excellent care of me all evening - can't remember her name, but the ticket read "Smiles". The drinks kept coming, as did the friends, and just a couple of raindrops too. It was an excellent bar for people watching and everyone was friendly.  With the beer, the sand, the reggae it was a very good time. It was my first time there, but I will definitely be back.
3	A buddy and I walked in here on an extremely miserable day in Phoenix (this is of course all relative to Philly, but it was 60 degrees and rainy so not so good) for lunch and our spirits were raised instantly by 2 gorgeous young hostesses who greeted us with big broad grins.  Wow.  Of course the rest of the experience wasn't quite so great but whatever.The Sandbar obviously caters to a young party crowd at night, there are outdoor couches and a huge bar both outside and in.  A free beer coupon from the Marriott I was staying in gave us a great start!I expected to have great Mexican in Phoenix for obvious reasons, but this ain't the place to get it.  The dishes were an American and typical interpretation of Mexican.  Nachos loaded with so much crap on top that you could make a meal out of them alone.  I tried the sliders with sweet potato fries, they were passable, but not real Mexican either.The bartender was extraordinarily friendly in a genuine way, not the forced corporate way which I hate.  (you know the type: and how are we doing today, sir?) Anyways, he was a cool guy.I wouldn't eat here again, it was average, but I would gladly party later at night.
1	If you're still in training Pant's/Bra, then you may like this place. If you're an adult, don't waste your time. Or you're Cash. The food was so bad they had to re do it twice. And they still couldn't get it right. The drinks were watered down as well. Horrible... Just Horrible.
3	If you're the type that hates crowds or obnoxious "gangsta" types, don't come here on a Saturday. Typical Arizona strip mall bar that I was at previously on a Thursday and it was great.  Desiree (she said that was her real name) took care of us and  was terrific. Drinks are reasonably priced. I didn't eat here based on previous reviews.
4	Tuesday $2 tacos... excellent deal for lunch!  Highly recommend Baja, Ahi, and carne asada tacos.
1	Creeper central.  Seriously don't go there when its crowded unless you are OK with getting groped repeatedly.  You couldn't pay me to go back.
3	Really great place for people of any age group! I do like the music played here and it is near to a variety of restaurants. So grab some buds, get some food and then head to the sandbar to grab a drink, dance, and act the fool :) Drinks are pretty affordable although, I seemed to manage to get others to pay for my drinks. I may have talked to a few guys but, at the end of the night it's not really a place that you will meet the man of your dreams. More likely to meet students and people out to have fun.
1	Total #fail Went there last night and had TERRIBLE service. Asked to speak to mgr and he didn't show. #bad
1	As I arrived, I asked the Hostess if the patio was open seating, she acknowledged it was and we preceeded to choose a table in the right corner of the patio next to their water display.  After ten minutes had passed, a member of my party attempted to signal the waiter, as he was seemingly scanning the patio.  After fifteen minutes of waiting we left our table and exited the establishment without so much as a goodbye.  I called the location to inform them of my lack of service and after being on hold or ten minutes, I spoke with Gabe (Manager) who offered to "assist" me the next time I returned, if I identified myself to him.  I instead chose to patronize a tried and true establishment in Chandler known as CK's.  In my fifteen minute patio experience at CK''s I was greeted, my drinks were served, and my appetizer and two entrees all arived in less than fifteen minutes.
2	Not all that good, unless you're drunk and cutting the rug, I guess.My wife and I stopped in for lunch on a Sunday and it was a decent-sized crowd enjoying the nice weather. I perked up when the server told me it was happy hour. However, this is the lamest happy hour I've ever seen or heard of. $3 domestic bottles? What kind of happy hour is that? Who is charging more than $3 for a bottle of Bud Light even at the worst of times? And of course, I go through the normal shenanigans with the server as I ask for other bottles that are made in the US but somehow aren't included in the special. Fat Tire, etc. These are domestic, but no, you can't have them for $3.I order the carne asade tacos: $10, no rice or beans. No chips on the table. The meat is very sparse, and the rest of the taco is mushy stewed tomato. The tortillas are mushy as well, and there is a sad sprinkling of lettuce in the middle of the plate that would barely be sufficient for one taco, let alone the three that are on the plate. I took 2 bites and sent it back. My wife had a chimichanga which was OK. And by OK, I mean it's on par with what you might buy in the freezer at Safeway.On the plus side, the server was really nice. So, yeah.
3	It's a bar. There's some sand. Some waitresses are more concerned about their looks than their customer service skills. It's just a typical, average, North Scottsdale bar.The location is highly convenient, and there's never a line to get in. Even when this place is packed, it doesn't feel that packed. They have ample room inside and out so you never feel squished. It's usually pretty easy to find a table but it's definitely not as easy to find a waitress/waiter that wants to serve you, especially when it gets crowded. During one of our many Sandbar visits, our waitress was so MIA that one of the security guards started acting as our waiter... It was pretty funny to say the least.   When I used to live up in N. Scottsdale, Matt and I would come here for NFL Sunday football all the time. They were also pretty accommodating when it came to changing the channel so that each of us could watch our favorite teams. I always requested the 49ers, and Matt needed to see his SeaChickens. They would even change the channel for our friend, a die-hard Buffalo Bills fan (yes, they still exist), without thinking twice. I truly appreciate a bar that accommodates fans of different teams outside of the one that happens to be playing the Cardinals that week.This is also a fun place for Happy Hour Mon-Fri. They have great specials, and the drinks get the job done. As far as bar food goes, Sanbar's menu isn't amazing but it isn't horrific either. There have been may times when I've made a meal out of their bottomless bucket of chips and salsa. As far as the crowd goes, it's kinda random. You'll see groups of coworkers enjoying some after work brews, lots of out-of-towners, young 20-somethings getting their drink on, old creepy guys with fake tans. But for the most part, this place turns into a party scene at night. Although I am totally not a UFC fan at all, Sandbar hosts a lot of UFC nights where they put the game on the big screen projector TV, and people can reserve seats/tables in advance... just as an FYI for all of you UFC people out there. I know what to expect from Sandbar, and it's an A-OK place in my book. I'd recommend it to anyone in N. Scottsdale looking for a fun, reasonably priced bar for happy hour or a night out. However, this just isn't a bar that I would drive out of my way to get to.
5	Redemption for Sandbar Chandler.After a less than pleasant experience our first time at Sandbar, GM Bill Hovey and staff truly put the customer first.Bill saw my complaint and immediately left two voicemails, an emall and eventually invited me and my wife for lunch today via facebook.We were greeted by the very pleasant Jen as we walked in. Our waiter was very pleasant and funny without being too over the top.We started off with chips and a great trio of salsa and cheese dip. My wife had a very tasty burrito and my ahi and shrimp tacos had a great combo of spicy and sweet. (FYI Tuesday is $2 tacos).We finished off with fried ice cream with fresh pineapples. A tasty end to the meal and the beginning of my food coma.In a time when you hear more excuses than accountability, Sandbar Chandler was a refreshing change.They are back on my radar. Thanks Bill.
3	We went here for a large group function, and the indoor/outdoor environment was nice, and it was easy to mingle. The served some apps of chips and guac and they were good. The entree and salad, not so much. We definitely didn't come here for the food, it was less than mediocre, however, we were a big group and serving in that volume can tax the best kitchens. But, it was a fun place for our group, despite the food.
5	This is my favorite place. I go here every weekend. FRIDAY!!! The staff is amazing
4	Just moved down here, ended up at the Sandbar on a Tuesday. Apparently Tuesday's are $2 taco night (any taco is $2). Amazing deal and great tacos! Service was good and atmosphere was fun.
1	SO, my first experience at Sandbar is as follows...I am out with my mom looking for a bite to eat for lunch...there are exactly 4 people in the entire place. It takes the hostess 15 min to seat us as she is so busy flaunting her A$$ in some servers direction who OBVIOUSLY is NOT interested as he keeps looking away and walking off in another direction....ok ok, so we finally get seated. It now takes our server 10 min to actually come over and take our drink order. Another 10 min to bring it back.It proceeds like this until we actually were begging for our check to pay and get the heck out...reminder there are only 4 people in the entire place... the food was awful, the drinks sucked hard, and the services was BOGUS....2nd experience.....AHWATUKEE COUGARS. Need I say more. Absolutely AWFUL...I wanted to bludgeon my eyes out and run screaming into the road. I feel sorry for the local 21 and up's trying to have fun getting humped by the cougars. EEEEWWWWWWW.....I will never go back.
4	I've only had margaritas and appetizers here, but I think this place is great!  Fun, outdoor patio complete with sand, a pool, and cabanas.First time there we sat outside.  Second time we went there because we wanted to sit outside, but the patio was closed for a private party.  Bummer.  Was nice inside too though.  Third time we went at night with friends and I couldn't believe how crowded it was!  It's definitely a party place.  Our waitress that night was great!  Never kept us waiting, despite how crazy it was in there.Margaritas are good.  Chips and salsa are good too....even though they charge for them.  The red salsa has a kind of strange taste, but the green is fabulous!  Guac is decent....nothing special though.Overall, this is a fun place to hang out and have a couple drinks.
3	I like Sandbar. There wasn't a cover for ladies this particular visit, which was good.  My friends claimed a table by the time we showed up, one with a perfect view of the small dance floor.  I highly recommend staking out a spot there--it's quite entertaining to watch inebriated individuals shake it like there's no tomorrow. The music is decent; pretty standard for a bar. The service is fast and the bartenders are friendly. The waitress was very attentive and consistently refilled my diet coke.  Our shots arrived in record time. Did I mention there's sand by the outside bar?  Just don't take off your shoes; I cringe when I think of the lurking shards of glass from an accidental broken bottle.
2	Looked like a good place for drinks. The food and service was mediocre.
1	The douchy wanna-be Scottsdale type waiter took forever to get to our table. He's all grins to the cute girls at our table and won't acknowledge any guy. I could see one of the managers sitting at the bar drinking. Probably off her shift, but she's there in her spare time?  Seen other of their staff hanging out drinking too.  Maybe it's just me, but it feels awkward to be around that.  It also probably explains why their service sucks, because their employees treat the place as their personal hang out instead of their place of work.  Also, the music was loud and spazzy. I appreciate a good mash-up too, but this stuff was just painful and obnoxious. My guess is that the only reason this place gets business is because it's the only game in town for the Chandler/Ahwatukee area. I don't know too many people that actually enjoy going here, but it's probably the lesser of two evils (instead of driving to Scottsdale). PLEASE let there be more competition for a good bar/nightclub in this area!
4	Came out here on a Saturday afternoon to grab some drinks. When we walked in, the place was packed with Iowa fans. Didn't expect Arizona to have such a huge Iowa following so I kinda chuckled. It was a good atmosphere though, a sea of black and yellow with everyone having a good time. We sat inside because the outside was packed. Ended up ordering the Mini Chimis along with some Crown and Cokes. Great spot overall, with plenty of screens to watch the game and great service.
4	Had lunch there today, the carne asada tacos on flour tortillas were really great.  Also had chips and guac which were good also.  Went with a friend and she had the same thing, both of us loved it, seriously good carne asada tacos.
1	Not sure where to start here. Nachos where great, though I'm thankful our server didn't carry them out, I think the shear weight of the plate alone just might crumble her scrawny malnourished frame. After I opened my eyes to more than the 40 ish tv's around I began to notice the Ethiopian malnourished look is a trend, along with the jersey shore huge upper body and tooth picks for legs. About lost my appetite at the site of the employees, I really wish I had. I ordered the Cx sandwich and the bread was great...  Cx average, the chipotle mayo I think was mixed wrong it was cloyingly sweet and not spicy at all. And the fries came to my table half mashed ( sooo soggy). As for the good a 5$ cover charge for UFC fight 185 not bad, however we had to bribe the manager to turn the horrid music off and play the fight!  The drink specials... Well if a 3$ domestic draft is good then you are golden... That's full price at my restaurant/bar! So there was a bit of sticker shock when we got the bill! All in all, we might go back for another fight if friends want to go, but for the price we paid I could havemade filets and lobster, a bottle of skull, the comfort of my couch watching the same fight, and be in my pj's with my hubby!
3	Things this place has going for it:- a huge ass patio. Perfect for those nights where the weather is fantastic. I could totally see myself starting happy our here and relaxing for a while. Would also be good for some Sunday morning drinking.-  decent happy hour menu with cheap appetizers and cheap well drinks- a million tvs ( if you're in to that sort of thing)- decent selection of bottled beers and a wide range of liquor (which is what I'm in to)Things that make this place a 3 starer vs a 4 or 5:- service is suspect at best. They would have gotten a ton more money out of us if they had been on top of the drinking situation. We definitely would have ordered more if the waitress had checked on us more often- the food is nothing special. Typical bar appetizers and the entrees are just..... Ok. Better tacks have definitely been had and for a better price. Ration of cost and quantity is a bit off.- The DJ. The kid looked to be 13 and was REALLY hooked on playing the Biebs a little too much and a little too loud.Conclusion? I'd chill out on the patio for a couple of drinks but wouldn't waste my money eating here. I'm a sucker for an awesome patio.
4	Pretty good food for a sports bar. I've been twice: once at the height of Friday night and the other midweek for lunch. Both times the service was quick and the drinks were replenished just in time. Like many sports bars in the area the wait staff seems to be more about being a hot chick than a great server, but when the food comes quickly and the drinks don't run dry there's not much room for complaint. The burritos are good and pretty standard for a chain. The salads are really good and very big. If you're watching what you eat then go for one of them and you'll leave full and satisfied. I tried this place for the groupon but I'll definitely go back...especially for their drink specials.
1	A year ago, we checked out The Sandbar for their crawfish taco Mardi Gras special... And they were delicious.  We went back a few times, and there were certainly some other nice tacos on the menu, but they weren't always consistent.I stopped eating here when, one day, the waiter brought me an extra taco I didn't order (none of the five other people at the table recalled it, either).  I mentioned to him that I only ordered three tacos, and his response was, "It's OK, they're only $2."  Great point, sir: you see, your tip was going to be $2.  I guess it all works out! (Honestly, I would have still tipped had his response been something remotely resembling an apology.)Seriously, though, that was the first time I was ever expected to pay for something I did not order.For some reason, we decided to go back again this week to see if they still had the crawfish tacos for Mardi Gras... And they did!  Unfortunately, they were not $2 like the other tacos.  Even worse, they didn't mention that they were actually shrimp tacos with a few pieces of crawfish in them.  Sorry, Sandbar, but this behavior is NOT OK.  If you're going to advertise something as crawfish tacos, it sure as hell had better not be shrimp tacos with a few sparsely placed pieces of crawfish.  I don't want to pay $4 for twelve crawfish (our waitress who neglected to mention that the crawfish tacos are not crawfish tacos did get a tip, but it was the bare minimum for her bad service, which was not just limited to the taco information).Besides the deceit in regards to the menu items, the service here is consistently bad.  Don't expect to have a drink in front of you for more than 50% of your meal.Fool me once...
2	This place would be better if the dj played more than 30 seconds of each song. Watch the crowd dj! Sand bar-get a new dj and you will have better weekend profits!
4	The Sandbar is always in our list of restaurants to visit when we are in Phoenix. The patio is great- the misters do the trick when the sun is hot. Prices are ok- not fantastic, but the thing that brings me back are the Baja Tacos. Awesome. We've gone as a couple and have also had family dinners there with the kids and have never been disappointed in the food. We're not partiers or dinkers, so that has never factored into the equation.
5	I love the nachos and Sand Bar. I also love the service. Amazing!!! I like to hang out on the patio and drink margarita. :)
1	Hated the food! Hated the stomach issues! Hated the prices!! 12 bucks for tacos with no flavor and rice that......well cant explain that one. Thank god i did not have the beans also or i may still be on the toilet. I saw many reviews on the party vibe and they are right. If you want to come for the drinks with friends this is your place. My wife and i thought after seeing the menu to bolt but we didn't. And both of our stomaches and wallet payed the price.
3	Atmosphere- A+ I am...afterall a California girl so sand and water=WINNING! Food was ok. Something I try to remind myself is that places like these are more atmosphere and cocktails then food and the end of the day bar food is bar food, usually fried in some way and it hits the spot. I love their margaritas! The happy hour is good too. I went with a friend and we just hung out for hours talking and laughing. I really enjoyed that. The thing I didn't love was the service. Be friendlier ladies! Smiling is not a crime. I felt like we had to work to pull our server out of her shell when really it should be the other way around. All in all I'll be back.
4	I have been WAITING to review this place because of all the different opinions on these reviews. I didn't have any food so I can't really comment on that but the drinks were good and strong. People were very nice. Outside was interesting...never seen sand lots in a bar, but the fact that they have an outside bar as well as inside was great! I was there on a UFC fight night so it got pretty busy as it got closer but the bartender was always very attentive and waitresses came to check on us frequently. I didn't get to stay for this epic loud obnoxious DJ or the other bad things that have been said about night time but it looks like this place could be such a good time!
4	I've been here twice for work sponsored happy hours, which means I've never paid, which naturally raises my rating by a star. Anything free is always better, right?That said, I like this location. Service is attentive enough, food is OK, and the outdoor area with all the sand (get it? SANDbar...) is really cool. They've got heaters for the winter and misters for the summer, as well as big fans to keep the air circulating. Drink specials are good during happy hour, and there are some food specials as well. Saw a coworker accidentally walk into the wading pool, and ended up soaked to the thighs...That was pretty funny. Sandbar is a good place to come get drinks if you're in Chandler, sit outside if it's not too brutal, it's a much more fun experience than being inside.
4	This is a fun bar to go to! Sandbar is another one of the few places where if I designed a Mexican themed bar, it would look exactly like this. Setup of the dance floor, open air themed, huge outdoor patio and the guy cooking the fresh carne on the side. There is tons and tons of bar space around here so it's fairly easy to grab a drink, plus waitresses are always walking around trying to get people to do a crazy shot. The last time we went I was able to tweet the DJ and all the recent tweets shows up on all the TVs around the bar so I could see my drunken shout outs to my girl. The DJ ended up following me on Twitter after that night and even tweeted me asking about a place I checked into on Yelp the following week, so bonus points for having an interactive DJ.There are not a lot of other options on this side of town. The last night we went here we were bouncing around the SE Valley then after Sandbar we drove to Mill. Though Sandbar is perfectly fine for closing the bar down, just get in line a little early for those yummy street tacos because a drunk hungry crowd will ensure you never get one for yourself! Protip: Get in line before closing time for those tacos. You'll want one after smelling them all night!
3	This place is definitely a cool one. It's all beach themed so there is a panorama of the beach and outdoor seating that consists of sand and a mini pool. However the mini pool is apparently used for nothing, so it's fun to guess what you can do with it. There is misters so you do stay cool. The Chandler location is beautiful, I've always liked that side of town, very green and nice!  It consists of two very large bars with a huge variety, I can see a lot of bros and brosettes going there. Our waitress was very nice and helpful, she checked on us often. I ordered the cheese enchilada. It was okay, wasn't the best, but wasn't horrible. However my friend got the nachos and she just did not like them, so don't order the nachos! I went here because of the Groupon I received, I don't think I would go there again for food, but definitely for the drinks.
2	A typical meat market bar with lots of people milling about checking each other out, super loud music, Hooters type waitresses and candy-like shots in plastic test tubes. The food is just bar food - meh. If that's your thing you'll love it here. Otherwise give it a miss.I should add I hate the sand idea. Nothing is less sexy than having sand in your sandals while walking around the bar.
4	Quick Sand or Sand Trap?By The RueSandbar, Sandbar I know your trick,It isn't the food that gets me to stick,It wasn't the fajita burrito with chicken inside,It is the yummy workers I must confide.I'm not sure my waitresses name,I'll have to come back when I have more game,Of course I'm not telling the truth,I was raised right and have more couth.Going off topic, back to the review,The selection is decent on their menu,I wasn't a big fan of the rice and beans,Both were lacking in this cuisine.The icead tea was good and filled up often,I was never a big fan of Kenny Loggins,This is the first time that I've been here,Didn't even have time to order a beer.I certainly want to come here for happy hour,I'll probably have a beer not a whiskey and sour,The patio seems like a fun place to chill,Next time write your number on my bill. Bump, Set, SPIKE!!!
5	The girls and I really like to go here after work (which happens to be 3pm or so), which means there is always happy hour and there aren't huge crowds. Ive been here on a Sunday, and it's crazy. This is why I love going after work...Mondays are also a great drink special day, $4 margaritas, but make sure not to go too crazy, or you'll end up taking a cab home...which we have also done... but we always have fun!
4	I went there with my bestie to meet a friend of mine (and his co-worker) from way back when in college. The four of us sat on the patio at a surfboard table chatting it up, eating appetizers and listening to tunes. What's not to like? I love the beach, beach atmosphere and sand under my feet, so the Sandbar is the next best thing.
3	This place is ok. Probably the most fun "in the area". I've come here and had a good time but I've never stayed incredibly long. The crowd is mixed but I usually see milfs and dilfs which is fine until they get drunk. It's pretty entertaining though, last time I was here with a couple friends and we got to watch an older couple go at it with lots of tongue. Although that was the highlight of that night, it was also our cue to leave. Another time I went here you could tweet the DJ to play a request, my bf got a song played and it was exciting but then they went back to playing annoying house music and drove me off the dancefloor. I would recommend if you're in the area but I always end up leaving and going somewhere else.
4	Cool Place to relax and have a drink.  Beach atmosphere and good music.
3	Met some friends there over the weekend.  Very crowded but that's ok cause we were there to have fun and people watch.  Beachy kind of atmosphere - a little corny but hey, this is a fun place so I don't take it too seriously.  Margaritas were good.  Bartender was hot.  Food was ok, but hey it's bar food so I didn't expect great.  Good place to hang out and drink.
3	We went here recently for a friends birthday.They had rented a cabana, so we didnt have to fight w/ the crowd  or to get a table which was nice. The cabana was spacious and relatively cool because of the misters. Our waitress was surprisingly attentive, yet unenthusiastic. She kept forgetting our DDs drinks. And the drinks were average.The only real complaint we had is that they kept turning of the misters to the cabanas making it unbearably hot. The misters stayed on the rest of the patio, just not the area where people paid extra to sit, which just seemed wrong to me.
2	A friend and I sat at the bar for lunch. We had the baja tacos. 3 battered tacos with rice and black beans. The tacos were very good- the flour tortilla seemed home made. Overall, we were fairly impressed with the food. It is the service that left us unimpressed. The girl behind the bar was more interested in talking to her friends than serving us.  I had to flag her down, first, to get a menu, and then to order, and then to get a refill on my empty ice tea. After I asked her for an ice tea refill, she then actually went back over to the guy she was talking to and actuallyfinished her story - before getting the refill.  She tried to force a couple smiles to save things once she knew we were not happy with her service, but mostly acted like she wanted no part of being there. We were finished, and then waited at least 10 minutes for her finally to ask if we needed our ticket. Then she gave us the wrong ticket.... These type of people do not belong as the main bartender - they can definitely ruin your business.  Tacos and 2 ice teas with tip (which honestly she did not deserve) was $40. Next time, I will go to Rubio's...
4	food was pretty good. really liked the atmosphere. for a sunday afternoon with friends, it was really fun. the dj was awesome, playing the best old school songs. also met the manager and he was very friendly. will definitely be going back
5	I love going to this place they have good drinks, good music, tons of parking and a overall good vibe. If you are looking for a place to do a little dancing, drinking and mingling come here.
1	Sandbar, you provided me amazingly lame service tonight.. Royally lame. You will not get my business again based off of the experience I had in your establishment. Wait, I didn't even enter the establishment....so I will not attempt to give you my business again... and I invite you to message me and/or call me regarding my experience, which I doubt you will do.. My night at Sandbar lasted 1 glorious minute. It was epic, and not in a good way.So...... I walk up in my LA Galaxy Herbalife soccer jersey (I distribute Herbalife's product, so it makes sense to wear gear affiliated with the brand), and the college-aged bouncers look at each other and say "No go bro. You can't wear athletic gear in." I was stunned. I mean, I was dragged to this place at 11pm at night and would normally not wear a jersey out. But I was asked to go at the last minute and could not change my wardrobe...It is what it is. BUT TO NOT LET SOMEONE IN BECAUSE THEY ARE WEARING A JERSEY!?!?!?! WHAT IS THIS?! WHAT........IS.....THIS........Seriously... Are they afraid my Herbalife gang will get upset with the New York Red Bulls posse and we will get in a tussle? . What I do know, is that I was not allowed entry into a bar, which has never happened to me. I am no hood. I am a 26 year old white guy in shorts and a soccer jersey. They must have a reason why, but it can't be because of proper dress attire. The bouncers had no answer for me.The bouncers had the gall, by the way, to ask the girls: "Does he have anything under the shirt, maybe?" Seriously? You just denied me service, I am walking away.. Why would I want to eat/drink here?They did lose out on probably $75+ in business ($25 / person), and I definitely do not plan on coming back after the customer service was beyond poor. I can't think of a worse experience, given the lack of interest or concern for the customer. Fact is, I was interested after viewing all the reviews from Yelpers. I wanted to go and have fun, and because of my non-gang affiliated sports attire which wasn't revealing or obscene, they denied entry. I plan on enjoying my time at numerous other bars that have general sense of mind.
1	Went to Sandbar this afternoon. Sat at the bar for at least 10 minutes before the male bartender even acknowledged me. I asked for iced tea and a menu. My grilled mahi tacos were ok but not great, but I never saw the bartender again until I practically had to flag him down for my tab. The service here is so bad. Female bartenders only wait on men who are drinking beer. They don't make eye contact and won't even acknowledge the female patrons. Sorry Sandbar, I'm not happy with your service and am sorry I wasted my time there.
2	I get dragged here because the hub is a Hawkeye and Sandbar just happens to be the only Iowa bar in the east valley. Saturday morning can be pretty crazy, however don't expect speedy service, or good service for that matter. Not sure what happened this year. Last season the service was much better, the servers were friendly and prompt. One Saturday I came with the hub and a group of friends. We ordered  2 breakfast burritos off the brunch menu. 20 minutes later, the waitress came by to verify our order (she didn't even put the order in yet!) 40 minutes later we finally got our food. Our drinks took a millennium to get to us as well. Now I get if a bar or restaurant is busy you will wait more than usual, but communicate that to us. "Hey we are swamped right now as you can see, I will get your order to you as soon as possible".  I get when the server has a bad day, we all have them, but it's hard to have a good experience when everyone has on a sour puss. To be fair, the food we ordered was hot and tasty. Just wish they would -UP-  the customer service a little more. **ALSO be warned, if you open a tab with a credit card, they put an automatic $50 hold on your account, maybe just bring CASH***
4	Didn't know this place was an Iowa bar hangout until recently when we popped in on a Saturday Morning. The game had just started and we got the last table outside(there was nothing open, even a bar stool on the inside). I haven't been here at night but at least during the day it's pretty chill. They play the game when it's on and not music like other places. The food was actually pretty good. The portions were large which were expected. We tried the bbq ribs which were really good and I had mahi tacos. The boy had carne tacos which were also really good but the bbq ribs were the best.  Overall the service was great - drinks were never empty and the outside bar loaded with TVs was impressive. It's a high contender against out other fav's for weekend football for sure. Definitely a younger crowd but they're old enough to not be d*bags.
3	Went to Sandbar to watch Cardinals game. Food was fine and service was ok. Nothing special.
4	The Sandbar is a place to pick up or to be picked up; I went there for a goodbye party for a coworker. We had 6 in our booth, all ordering different drinks and food. The appetizers are pretty good, the nachos are a little better than most, the fried clams are very good (tender not chewy) and there is a great Thai chili dipping sauce. They have a heavy pour on their drinks which is great when you're drinking Knob Creek, however they need a little work on their mix drinks the Mojitos were just bad. We went 01/25/13 and Kyle was our server. He was very nice at the end of the night to help sort out everyone bill. This rating should be a 3.5 but I round up.
1	AGGRESSIVE BOUNCERS!The place would be a nice hangout if it weren't for the overly aggressive security guards.  My wife and I were hanging out with a couple of friends this weekend.  We were pretty much keeping to ourselves at the patio and hand one of these power hungry jerks decided we had to leave.  He asked me wife if she was ok while we were seated at a table.  She turned to him and said yes and went back to her conversation.  He said 'you're out of here" for no good reason.  I said hold on, what's the problem so I had to go too. The guy did everything he could to antagonize me, too.  After starting a loud argument with the little jerk, he got his bouncing buddies to quickly rush us out of the door with no explanation.  They were really aggressive about it, and pretty much pushed the ladies out.  My wife tripped while they were rushing us out and actually fell in the pool.  This guy was just a GOON looking for trouble and using his pay nothing job as an excuse to exert his minimal authority.  And from the other reviews on Yelp, this is not rare for this place..  BEWARE OF THESE BOUNCING LOSERS!Also, when I managed to get the waitress to come over so I could pay our bill, she said this was pretty typical for the bouncers and rolled her eyes.Well, they just lost a customer.  I would NEVER pay another dime and will make sure none of my friends ever go here again either.
3	This is an update to a previous review. The bar manager reached out to me on Facebook for the way we were treated and asked me to come down to speak directly with him. He  apologized profusely for the issues we experienced during that night. We did not receive any discount, however we never ate when we first came. I am not out to collect a discount or throw my weight around to get one. I am here to be honest and forthright. So, I do thank Stephen for taking his time to follow up with me. ~Fud/Drink~The food is pretty typical for a non traditional Mexican bar. The appetizers were nothing too special, they did taste good, that I can say. The cheese/salsa dip we ordered as an appetizer was pretty average, until you add the stellar Tomatillo salsa which it came with. They had crawfish/Shrimp taco specials for Mardis Gras, and I was surprised with the freshness of the tacos. They actually tasted good, so I was impressed...It was still gringo-esque food, but i got to hand it to them, the tacos tasted great considering I left full and satisfied. Looking over the menu, you can tell the place is set up for drinking, I mean come on.. its obvious. But if you get a taco plate it will be worth it, I am not sure of the quality of other dishes. If you want traditional and well cooked Mexican, there are so many places to go here in AZ its insane. But you come here to have some tasty Margs, a yummy taco plate or an app with friends. They have a full bar that pumps out a long lineup of drinks, they all sound good, I will have to try that next time. The drinks that came out tasted good, I didn't try any margaritas, I had to drive home.. Next time...~Atmosphere/Service~It is a pretty neat place to hang out after work. Violeta H. is spot on, this place is great for HH and after work. My fiance and I noted that it was just perfect with as far as the noise goes...not too loud, but not too soft. This is a perfect spot to cool down after a long day of work. Atmosphere was just right and I definitely felt better sitting down with a couple drinks in hand. The service was good, our server knew the menu well, and on queue recited all the specials going on that day for Mardis Gras. Our food and drinks came out quickly despite it being a busy Friday night. The service overall was outstanding, and much better than I could have possibly expected for a busy night.~Extras/Rating~ First off, the overall experience is worthy of 3.5 stars, but we still do not have that option. To get rated 4 stars overall you have to have insanely good Mexican dishes that feel authentic. That's not the case here. Sandbar has a lot of competition in that department, so they are an average place to eat at. The food prices are also a tad bit high, which drives down the rating. Same for the drink prices, but HH is great and worth a visit. Stephen informed me of the changes they made to security, so we will see if they make a difference. I am confident they will help the customer experience, as they did a good job coming back from the experience I had previously. As of now, Sandbar is A-OK in my book and perfect for an after work relaxer. I would suggest you give them a try before it gets too late out, that's my final tip! Keep the drinks and the yummy tacos coming and I will be happy!
2	RUDE DJ!!!!I went to Sandbar for a Birthday party to enjoy drinks and dancing. The Birthday girl asked for a particular song to play for her Birthday. I went up to the DJ to let him know we wanted to hear it for the Birthday girl. Due to us reserving a cabana and spending  a great deal of money there we should be able to hear ONE song! He said he would play it later and said we should never should talk to a DJ like that.  Which I wasn't sure what he was talking about due to my respectful request to him. I let him know at that time we would be leaving shortly and he didn't care and brushed us off. Isn't the DJ there as customer service, to serve the bar customers music and play what they want to hear??? Obviously not at Sandbar, he was extremely rude and gave us a sour end to the evening. That DJ needs to get off his high horse, will not be going back!!!!!! Isn't there enough DJ's in the Chandler area for Sandbar to get one with a smile??
4	Swung by here a couple times this past week and had an awesome time. I bet it's a blast for happy hour and a good place to catch the game. I came a bit later both times for drinks with friends... service was good, booze was pretty cheap for a nicer place, the decor and layout were spot-on, and the ambiance was fun. Definitely will be back when I'm in town.
3	Their Ancho Ribs are SOO good.  Thursdays are their ladies day so appetizers & drinks are half off for the ladies all day... who can beat that?  5 dollars for Ancho Ribs.  YESS.They always have a lot of great craft beers on draft so that makes me happy.We've watched a couple of games here... I don't know... it doesn't really feel like a place to watch the game.  Maybe because the sound wasn't on?  The crowd is always pretty mixed...  i can't really figure this place out.I definitely saw a strip of bacon in a bloody mary the last time I was here so that's a definite plus.
1	Got very sick!! Don't eat here!!
4	Living in Ahwatukee, this spot is just about a 5 minute drive from my apartment so I tend to go there at least once or twice every couple weeks.  The atmosphere is pretty festive and entertaining.  The crowds on Fri and Sat nights tend to get a little too big for my liking, but it can still be a good time.  I prefer to go during the week when its a little more mellow but still enough people to make it lively.  The food isn't traditional mexican by any means, but still not bad.  I really enjoyed the jalapeno mac n cheese.  The drinks are decently priced, the mixed drinks can tend to get a little pricey so I usually stick with beer.  Wish they had drink specials on Fri and Sat nights, but most of their specials are during the week.  Overall, I enjoy this place.  Its close to my home and the atmosphere makes up for the other minor inconveniences.  I've read other negative reviews about the staff, but personally have never run into anything that was too big of a deal.  The proximity and familiarity with the place is why I enjoy it like I do.
4	Going to update my review, we go here all the time because it is so close to home and we really don't experience any problems anymore. The atmosphere is fun, it is always pretty busy, and the bartenders and servers are pretty fast and always friendly. The food is average, but it is a great place to go for a drink or two and to people watch.
4	Taco Tuesday was a great deal. $2 Dos Equis draft, $2 per (big) taco... I'd recommend the regular fish taco over the mahi mahi. Carnitas was a bit dry, but the flavored were all good.
5	Checked out this place on the way through and really enjoyed it.  I love Mexican food and Sandbar did not disappoint.  The menu is extensive and very reasonably priced.  There's plenty of opportunities to watch sports and get a drink.  All in all a great experience with good food, attentive service and a great atmosphere.
4	Good music, decent food and a good crowd. Rent a cabana in the sand if you can plan in advance.
2	I love the atmosphere,  good music and happy hour.  Service not so good. Bartenders slack in customer service. Messy bathrooms with no toilet paper.
3	Sandbar, I did not want to like you. But your beer list actually pretty good, and the service was excellent. Granted, we were there on a Sunday at 1 p.m. but still, it had a nice atmosphere and the folks were friendly. Thumbs down for the menu, which was way overpriced ($15 for a taco plate?) and the food was "meh" at best.  I do drive by this place though at night, and it looks like a hot mess. I would stick to day drinking.
2	Slow service!! Food's not great. dance scene warms up after 10.
1	I was expecting some fun, good service? I was expecting something! Too crowded. Stupid ass sign in the front for dress code. What is that about? This place is too much of a dump to have a dress code.
5	Amazing food, great service, and great drink! I love this place!!
2	Over-priced, mediocre food. Over-priced under-poured drinks. Terrible service. The only thing this place has going for it is atmosphere.  Frankly, I don't understand why this place is so jam-packed with people.  Trendiness I guess. I am pretty sure we will not be not be going back.The saving grace for this place came near the end. As we were finishing for the evening the bar manager came by and he was very friendly. I explained the irritation I had with the fact that their burgers do not come with cheese and that the waitress did not suggest cheese options.   This was a mild irritation made worse by the fact that when I asked the waitress about it earlier she had said, "It's in the menu" which, of course, if I had seen that, I would have ordered appropriately.  Well anyhow, without expecting it, requesting it, or even actually wanting it, the bar manager did comp my burger. So, for that I guess we will be back at least once.  But we gotta get there during happy hour cause the drink prices are half-off then.UPDATE: 8/22/13 As you can see from the comment from Leah below, it is this level of leadership commitment that will bring us back to the restaurant for another go.  I will post a brand new review once we do and update this one if our experience is better.
1	This place tried to kick out my 22 year old friend for being underage. They then said not to ask for a free drink when I said to compensate him for the rude gesture. Later they brought us some cheap house shots. Too late.
3	This bar is like no other bar in the Chandler area.  This is where you go on a Friday or Saturday night if you are into the party scene. The Sandbar has a strong beach theme; there is even a small pool with sand you can go in. It definitely emits a fun atmosphere.  However, this place lacks quality service.  My friends and I had several servers throughout the night and they all seemed pretty inadequate at their jobs.   Two drink orders were completely messed up and my husband's meal was supposed to come with chips and salsa, which was clearly stated on the menu, but the server insisted that it did not.  I watched our waitress spill almost every drink she walked past with.  I can tell they were all working hard, but they were just horrible at their jobs. On the bright side, the food was very good and the blueberry margarita was amazing!
4	I like this bar. It always has a hopping outdoor tropical bar-vibe. It has decent energy but not overly high energy like a happy medium between a corner dive bar and a crazy college bar. My coworkers always seem to pick this place for HH and the drinks are decent. The chambord margarita is a little better than average, kind of like the Z Tejas one.
4	Some friends and I were in the area for sushi and decided we wanted to happy hour it up so we made our way over to Sandbar.  Once we were seated with our menus we were wishing we had started there rather than finishing because it was Taco Tuesday and they had $2 tacos!!!  That would have been way better than the average-at-best sushi we had eaten just before....so in order to drown our sorrows we got straight to the business of discounted drinks!  I can't recall all the drink specials but I know wells were $4 and I think drafts were $3?  Our waitress was awesome too, she stopped by pretty frequently to see how we were doing and get us whatever we needed, plus she was super friendly and was joking around with us.  I wish I would have gotten her name!  Definitely a happy hour I will be frequenting again in the future!
1	I used to love this place until recently. I have been going to Sandbar for over 2 years now and I have always had wonderful service but one bartender changed my mind. The bartender was too busy on her phone and TAKING SHOTS to give me even remotely decent service.The same bartender did this TWO WEEKS IN ROW and there is no way she is even 21. She took three shots in front of us that sitting. I asked for a menu after she finally made us a horrible Cadillac margarita. I still have yet to see those menus and I asked her twice. About an hour later I asked her what her name was and If i could talk to the manager. She told me her name was Tory and she would grab the manager when she was not busy. She didn't look busy to me (just drunk) and never sent anyone over. We paid our tab and left and will never be back. Its a shame that one bartender ruins the whole experience.
4	Love reading at the bar area while having a Summer Shandy in summer.
5	Known for the atmosphere and fun environment - YOU HAVE TO TRY THE FOOD!!  I love coming to this place for happy hours, birthdays, weekends, etc.   However, last week I came on Saturday for lunch with a group of friends that eat here regularly.  We actually drove from central Scottsdale because they raved about the tacos. Being a Mexican food lover I couldn't wait to try these tacos and I'm super picky.  I ordered the taco platter which comes with three large tacos. My biggest challenge (like always) was deciding which kind to get. I ended up getting a carnitas, chicken and carne asada taco. I figured I'd like one more than the other but each of them was fantastic!  Each had their own special flavor and unique taste. There was nothing bland about it.  The margarita was perfect and the chips and salsa were amazing also. Try both the green and traditional salsa - again I'm picky and I could have eaten 10 servings of this. Everything was amazing. We will be back very soon for lunch and dinner.
4	I came in thinking this was a dive, apparently I hadn't don my research nor checked this place out on yelp. I don't know why I was so ill informed but with just a few more minutes left of the Happy Hour (and our waitress told us so we could get one of those sneaky margaritas for a steal)(I was merely here to check it out, before I plan to bring people here)I felt I got great service, and that the Happy Hour $4 frozen margaritas is way stronger than expected. I was looking around and contemplating how many people I could bring here and still have a sense of control over my party. It remains to be seen. I did not have any food at this visit. This is another place I will have to return to and investigate more thoroughly, but so far it made a good impression.
2	It's a nice place to socialize with friends, drink, and dance. Like most bars, drinks can be a little pricy but if you don't want to spend money on alcohol then stay home! The food is a weak attempt at Mexican cuisine. The only thing I like eating there are the tacos on Tuesday. Like many others I think the dress code is ridiculous. Why are guys not allowed to have stickers on their hats? Seems a little silly to me! The staff is horrible. I almost always see the female servers flirting with the tables that have only men but neglect to check on my table when it's me and my boyfriend. The male servers are no better. One guy even said he would rate my friend and I as 'sevens'. I'm sorry but I don't go out to a bar for the staff to degrade me as a human being. I have no idea who he was or why that comment was even made. But after that I have not enjoyed going there as much. The only thing I really enjoyed about this place is they sent out coupons for free beer. I loved using the coupon since no purchase was required.
4	This place is just fun. I love that it's in Chandler too.I didn't experience the actual "sand" as we sat in the back but this place was great. We tried all the margaritas and I was really happy because they don't skimp on the amount of drink and just cover it up with a bunch of ice. We also had some dip when the munchies started kicking in and it was delicious (but I was slightly drunk so I may have eaten anything and loved it). The waiters and waitresses are a little odd, but super nice and seemed genuine. This is definitely going to be one of my new hangouts.
2	Sunday- Sept. 9th.  Excellent DJ.  -The best part of the experience.  Excellent server with a bright smile.   Downside- food was weak at best.  Wings were terribly tiny and for 12 bucks, a total waste of money.   The wings were smaller than a sugar packet.  See the picture I posted.  They should be embarrassed to serve those things.
4	$2 Taco Tuesdays is my favorite. Although I order the $3 seared ahi and jicama tacos! :) They're out of this world delicious! They also have tasty frozen margaritas. Try the chambord or peach. Xo
4	Sand Bar was pretty pricey but it was a lot of fun. They were playing perfect music to dance to and the drinks were consistently made and tasted well. Can't speak on the food, as we did not go there to eat. But the whole vibe was just what we were looking for, for our night of fun.There wasn't a cover the night we went, and if there was, I would be asking why!? (Just read a previous review)And when you leave, make sure to be ready to say goodbye to the officers standing at the doorway. They must get a LOT of DUI's leaving from this place.Anyway, I will definitely be going there again. Liked the crowd.
2	Food was good! Service was horrible and they were not that busy! All the girls look really slutty. We did find a hair in our food. Not the most recommended.
3	They have a great happy hour and a bright and fun atmosphere.  The staff is friendly, and you def feel like you are in a different world with all of the bright colors and sand around the bar outside.
2	This used to be one of my favorite places for Mexican and a great fun atmosphere.  BUT, the last 2 times I've eaten here the food has been average, the ice tea horrible, and the service so slow.  My drink came right away but the tea was so bitter I couldn't drink it.  My food was dropped off and I was half way through before anyone stopped by.  I asked for a different drink and had to ask for a napkin.  When I was completely done eating (and had been out of a drink for at least 15 minutes) did the waitress check on me.  And there was only 1 other table with people inside.   The waitress was very friendly, though and my food was good this time. The last time I was here it took 20 minutes to get our check back from the waitress so we could pay and again it wasn't busy in there. Plus our food was burned.  I had hoped for better service this time but it didn't happen.
4	I went here today for a mini-vacation from the kiddos and a date with my honey. The staff is very friendly and attentive, the food is yummy, the music is awesome and the atmosphere makes me feel miles away from home. I like the openness and sunlight and having been there twice during the day and once on a Friday night, I definitely prefer the crowd and experience during the day. My waitress Nikki exchanged my food for me and didn't make a fuss even though it was my fault that I ordered the wrong menu item. My boyfriend called the manager Trev over to thank him for the great experience we had and to compliment our waitress. Trev spent at least 15  minutes talking with us and was very friendly and professional. I live in Ahwatukee and I'm really glad to have a spot like this to break away from the daily grind. It's like a mini-vacation.
4	Does it feel like a casting party for MTV's game show Next when I come here?  Yes, yes it does.  That said, you have to appreciate this joint for what it is: decent food, reasonable drink prices, and entertaining people watching.  I sat with friends for close to 2.5 hours and after tip my tab was just over $10 - that doesn't suck.  Most of the waitresses are nice, and easy on the eyes - so service is consistently average.  They have a plethora of tvs and there is actually sand on the patio, which I guess is kind of unique.  If you're patio bound, you may have to deal with the smokers, but most of them are considerate enough to not be a bother.  Check this place out some time for happy hour - that's your best bet for having a good time.
4	We went during happy hour and the food and drinks were affordable. The nachos are huge and we also got calamari and chimis. Service was suspect.
4	Came here during st patty's day! It was awesome good service, make sure to bring your swim suit, the pool was amazing and the water was warm.
4	Awesome place! Great music and drinks !My only complaint was the pool. It felt almost gelatinous, and had a smell that I couldn't quite place. At one point I thought I saw bunnies and bird in the pool, but it could of been the great drinks playing tricks in me. I'm just glad I survived :)
2	If you love coconut shrimp please avoid the Sandbar. Is like eating a donut. There is no shrimp flavor in this sweet sauce shite cake battered, think it may be shrimp proto-meat?  And what is with the sugar sauce?I do like the black beans. Scotty's fish tacos are okay. A bit dry.  Sorry about the skrimp left-over pic. Just to show what a tragedy.Sweet beers..no good IPA.
4	Always a fun time with friends over here. The fish tacos taste amazing and the bar has a really good vibe. One of the best places to enjoy the great weather of Arizona.
4	Fun place for a lively night out. Very mixed crowd with all different age groups.  Dance floor is tiny and food is mediocre but staff is very nice and drinks are reasonable. They also have a decent happy hour menu. Last time we went on a Saturday and received a free bottle of bubbly (see photos). Overall pretty fun, just make sure to wear proper shoes :)
1	This was my first time here. I came to the indoor bar to order a drink because it was far slower than the outside bar. The bartender (short curly dark hair) did not sad hello, seemed annoyed to make my drink, did not speak or smile once. This is terrible customer service.  And even after tipping she just slowly walked away without a thank you.
1	Zero stars. I came in on a Thursday night to enjoy ladies night with my girlfriends. Sarah refused to serve me after I did not tip. I was planning on tipping but she was too bitter and didn't bother coming back so I couldn't even ask for change. NEVER WILL RETURN. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE. I cannot believe management would be so classless and allow their employees to refuse service to someone who does not tip. I plan on letting everyone know not to go to such a rude place.
4	Great place on Tuesday for cheap tacos and beers.  The outdoor patio is awesome when the weather is nice.
5	I went here last night for a friends birthday . He rented out a cabana which was awesome. Our waitress was extremely friendly and hot btw! We never had a empty drink in our hands. There was about 15 in our party but she stayed on top of the drinks which I thought was impressive. Also they have a girl walking around selling cheap shots. This place was a experience that I would suggest you doing at least once. I know I will continue to come here even if I'm not renting a cabana. Very fun atmosphere.
4	I went here while traveling for work. I love the atmosphere and the bar theme. The staff was pretty good and they played a diverse music type. I was not however a fan of the food. The presentation was nice but the meat in my tacos were very dry.  I think I will keep this place for drinks for now.
4	Cool freaking out door club / bar , do was on point during the night,  girls flowed like sea of Capistrano , i got nice at the bar , now I'm drunk looking take home a big girl lol # beergoggles
1	Great crowd, diversity and I'm not talking about the boat.  Ordered a Corona with grenadine n the whores flocked. I'm starting to like Phoenix . On so apparently don't be black in here tho. I got kicked out for literally nothing, it's crazy. They claimed I spilled someone's drink, I even offered to buy the person another drunk but they weren't going for it. Go figure right. Fuck this bar .
4	Went here for happy hour they have awesome margaritas for just $4 ! Then I got this amazing drink it was a  frozen margarita with a xx beer so good. I stuck around long enough to hear the live band it was the JT Douglas band and they were amazing.  I ordered the chicken enchilada with green sauce one of the best enchiladas I've had in a while. Our server was super attentive gave us free chips always refilled my  water . I will def will be back
4	I am always up at the Sandbar Desert Ridge location, but because I was on the other side of town I figured I'd give the Chandler location a go. Came in for a late dinner and a few drinks with my sister. Dinner was good, no complaints at all. My 2nd drink was definitely too strong which I hate to complain about but my waitress was very nice about bring me a back of sweet and sour instead of switching out the whole drink. The late night crowd was much different than what I am used to up North at Desert Ridge. Not near as packed and not a very diverse crowd. I did have a nice time but I think I am very comfortable at the Desert Ridge location.
1	I wish I could give a negative star ! Worst experience of my life ! The service was slow and they lost my debit card and blamed it on me ! I will never come here again ! Worst customer service I have ever had ! When I got there my boyfriend and I had to wait 10 min for drinks due to being understaffed. The waitress was nice and apologetic but once we got our food we were forgotten about. When I got my bill the card never made it to the table. I had to basically convince the manager to help me look for My card and to check the security tape. His Comments were "oh well get a new one and cancel it " " YOU must of dropped it" "there is nothing we can do" " call the other manager in the morning" ( he acted like he could care less about my situation)  . I get better service from mcdonalds ! They found my card the next day and the manager couldn't even face me to apologize For the inconvenience  ! I won't refers my co-workers, friends, or family to sandbar due to the unprofessionalism.
1	Been 3 times in the last 2 years & every time they have over charged me. Double check your account, different from the bill I signed every time.
3	I've now been to Sandbar quite a few times, mostly b/c it's cheap, especially for Ladies Night on Thursdays. It's a good place for a group to meet as there is plenty of seating. I guess it's true what they say, however, you get what you pay for. The happy hour special for drinks make the margaritas $4, which is a great price, especially since they are kind of strong ... I recommend the frozen peach margarita! And as far as the food goes, it is mediocre. I've gotten the nachos & the mini chimes before. Only three stars because overall, it's alright .. nothing special.
3	Service was great. Drinks were great. Chips and guacamole was great. Smell was awful! It's 108 outside and more people were on the patio than inside, and it's not because of the giant fans or mister system. The inside bar area has an awful sewer smell that anyone can identity as dry p-traps and/or dirty bar. Please, PLEASE, pour some water down the drains!
1	Over priced crap hole!!!Cops watch this place so watch out!!Crappy service with attitude "isn't it $11 dollar beer dollar night?"
4	I went to Sandbar the other night and I had a good time. My friend got off work at 10:30 pm so we had to find a place that would stay open a little later. We enjoyed Sandbar. We had drinks on the outdoor patio, played ski ball inside, and had fun both talking to the servers and customers. The martinis I had were strong but well done and the service was prompt and courteous. I'd go to Sandbar again because I enjoyed the drinks and had fun there.
3	So I wrote a bad review last week about the Sandbar. Not to take away from the experience of mine which was not good; after the words of a friend I decided to do a re-write: which I have never done. I have to say I have been there several times before and have not had a bad experience. Additionally, those I had lunch with that day had no complaints whatsoever and stated the server they have had previously and always has been good. Also, the AGM did actually contact me and apologized for the experience and offered to buy me lunch. So a week later, here is my objective non-hungry or quick tempered review. The food I did have was good. John enjoyed his chicken burrito and Jen along with other coworkers all were very satisfied.  Thursdays  ladies get half prices apps and drinks which is pretty much the draw every week. The whole experience wasn't perfect but one mistake does not dictate disaster. Like I said I have been here for other occasions and at other times of day and have found it to be a very fun and relaxing place. I won't promise all my future reviews to be full of hugs and kisses but they will be more well tempered.
1	There is no justification in the service I received. I went to meet a couple of friends the Friday before last. They happen to run into a friend of theirs. That gentlemen ordered some shots, drinks and dinner. I heard him tell the bartender it was on his boss's tab. A while later they tried to get him to pay his tab. He said "I told you it was on my boss's tab" Long story short, his boss had left and they never put it on his tab. Some time goes by, the manager walks over to myself and the gentleman I was sitting with. He asked if we knew this other man. The gentleman I was with says he knew him a little, I stated I've never met him before. The manager asked if we can get him to pay his tab. (I personally find this to be extremely tacky and unprofessional) We did not come here with this man, it is not our responsibility). I've bartended in Scottsdale and Vegas. It is the server/bartenders responsibility to get the credit card when starting a tab. After all, they did make sure to get mine. The manager stated it was just 1 drink ('what's the big deal'?) I clarified with him that it was just one drink? Again he stated yes. I didn't want to deal with trying to get some man I don't know to pay his tab and I didn't enjoy my evening being interrupted by this nonsense, so I said "If it's just one drink, put it on my tab" (which I shouldn't have to do). The manager shook my hand and said thank you.30 min later I closed out my tab. Keep in mind all I had was 2 drinks and bought my friend a drink. My tab was $62.00!!! The bartender ended up putting that mans entire tab on mine. I called her over and I told her I found that to be very sneaky and disrespectful. She stated I said I would pay for the whole thing. I stated that was incorrect, she continued to argue with me. Why are we arguing? This is not my friend nor my tab. There is NOTHING to argue about. She finally went to speak to the manager. After about 10 minutes, she comes back has me sign a voided sales receipt for the 62.00. She never apologizes and then runs my card for my drinks plus one of his. I understand I said I would pay for this mans drink, but being that he had an entire tab it seems desperate to have a complete stranger pay for 1 of his drinks just to minimize how much of his tab they'll have to eat. Every bar has a spill/comp tab. They shouldn't make anybody else responsible for this...On top of the unprofessionalism, arguing, lack of apology, and wait time to get this solved. As a person who runs a business myself, if my employees neglect to follow protocol (ie; neglect to obtain credit card in this case,)I eat the cost. I most certainly wouldn't have another paying customer cover it.To make matters worse, myself and a friend (who frequents this establishment) went in to talk to a manager about this incident. I gave the MOD my business card and have yet to hear back from anyone. It has been 10 days. I never yelp about a place without giving the manager an opportunity to fix it...so there you have it folks... They lack professionalism big time in this place.
4	I've been here a few times. During the day and at night. The few times I have been here during the day was for lunch. The food is really good no complaints on the drinks. Service is really fast seeing how we sat at the bar and it really wasn't that busy, also it was happy hour I may or may not had a few $2 margaritas and amore than 2 $3 beers..... May or may not have. Night time it turns into a club and it gets BUSY last time I was there it took a good 10 minutes to get from the entrance to the dance area mind you this place isn't really THAT big. It's a good time because everyone there is just there to have fun and dance. Everyone is friendly there. They have the grill going by the front with tacos, burgers etc. Crowd is a mixture of pretty much everything age and nationality wise real diverse.Nice place to go to if you're really not trying to head to old town or party with the kids on Mill. Yes there is really sand in Sandbar... they have sand volleyball spot set-up inside..
4	Nice environment and great tacos.  Only problem is it seems like they are always understaffed and you have to wait a while for a drink, but overall good place.
4	We love to stop at the Sandbar. The food is great and happy hour is awesome. They have the best fish tacos and margaritas. When I miss Cabo, I head over to the Sandbar. They even have a sandy beach on the patio.
4	Fun, cheap drinks, fun staff, fun crowd as well!
4	Expectations were low based on the overall so-so review average, but I came away impressed. Had a large happy hour gathering from the office, and tried many appetizers, all of which were fresh and tasty. We had one waitress servicing a massive group and she absolutely nailed it, always there when you needed her, super-pleasant, and just on her game. Drinks were good too. Will give it a shot again for dinner.
3	This place has good food but it is what it is. It's a bar for rowdy people with that hip live retro music. Assume that based on the attire of the staff they want a desired effect.
