5	Mado is a gay celebrty in Montreal. She is a fabulous drag QUEEN and has a huge following. (Take that Shena Hershey!!). Mado opened her own drag bar in the gay village and has some wild and has some wild and outragous shows. Open every day tea dance to late night.It is all fun and campy. A good time.One can not miss the huge Mado sign out front, of Mado's face huge as a Macy's balloon.
4	This is a fun, approachable gay-oriented bar/entertainment venue in Montreal.  I saw the most amazing Celine Dion/Kylie Minogue cabaret/grag performance here in the summer of 2008.  SO GOOD!!!!A definite stop on any excursion to the Le Village in Montreal - gay or straight.
4	An interesting night a Mado's is always fun! The shows are fun and entertaining, and the people are actually nice. This was my first experience at Mado's I never had the opportunity to go before. They drinks were good, and Mado loves telling jokes.Shows usually don't start before 11pm, but there is always someone outside to welcome you in or trying to draw you in.
4	This place and Mado herself are an institution, it's joyful, kitchy, strobe lighty, and the performers and even the techs are amazingly cute. Mado herself is super funny, she was in full gleeful French mode since the PQ had just won, and making jokes about not needing to bother with English anymore, but when she chatted up a group of Japanese bridesmaids she switched into her excellent and firey witty English no problem, with a rapid fire string of Japanese to boot. The place feels clean and loved and like it's happy to embrace a timespace contiuuum somewhere between here and the nineties. Sometimes they'll amp up the strobe lights for a couple songs for no apparent reason which could be seizure inducing to the sensitive and kinda random to all others... except the ubiquitous 45 year old man with the blond tips, muscle top, who is just ready to dance alone to anything, no matter what. I heart him. It's a  diverse friendly crowd. Tuesdays Mado hosts and sometimes you can catch all stars from Drag Races if you're lucky - the website won't be much help, the Facebook page is a bit better - during Pride week come here any night for full on awesome.Thanks to the glorious Bday lady Amy T for getting me back to this joyous dragventure, definitely tops my Tuesday todo's.
5	Supposedly, this IS the hot spot in Montreal...not only for tourist, but mainly for kicks and giggles for the locals and bachelorette/bachelor parties. This was my first drag show and I had a fantastic experience.  It's a 3 hours show with a 30 minutes intermission that allowed you to dance up on stage. I thought the show itself was classy and not trashy at all. It's mainly for pure entertainment and a good laugh. I didn't understand any of the jokes because they were in French, but Mado really knew how to spice up the crowd. He picked on people, like us New Yorkers, that weren't laughing (due to the language barrier) and decided to translate some of the dirty jokes in English for us. Despite not knowing French, the show was awesome and some of these drags were actually very pretty and skillful in their dancing. Oh, and that Mary Poppin show was priceless! It left my jaw dropping to the ground because what they did was so unexpected.Your Montreal trip would not be complete if you didn't stop here to watch the show. I'm glad both a friend of mine and my landlady recommended this place beforehand. My friend and I loved the Gay Village in Montreal. The entertainment was fabulous, the bars were fun, and who doesn't love free wifi on Saint Catherine Street and those hot pink ping pong ball decorations.
