3	Good pizza and affordable prices.  I stopped in here for lunch the other day and got their special: 2 slices of pepperoni and a drink for $5.95.  Not bad, especially for a restaurant Uptown.  The pizza was really good too.  It was that thin crust pizza more like the type you would actually find in Italy than stateside, where the crust is the same thickness all the way through, and there is no thick edge like in American pies.  The tomato sauce ws good too. I was very pleased with my meal, grabbed a refill of  orange Fanta on my way out and was good to go.  If you are looking for reasonably priced pizza and are Uptown, give Pie in the Sky a try.  The service was also great.  The guys working there were very friendly and the food was out in no time.  When I went back to get my refill, both fellas behind the counter asked how my pizza was.  I appreciate that sort of interaction with restauranteurs, they genuinely cared about my experience at their restaurant.  Very friendly ,accomodating and easy on the wallet.
4	Just as a background, I have tried just about every pizza place in Charlotte looking for the NY style pizza.  This place fits the bill the best in uptown Charlotte in my opinion.  The toppings and tomato sauce are well done.  The only quibble I have is that the crust is a bit thicker than I like.  Also, just as an FYI, this is a carryout place.  There is some limited outside seating, but plan to take it with you.  Otherwise it's hard to beat the price and taste!
4	I'm surprised that there are only 2 reviews for this place.Love the NY style pizza here. Used to get it for lunch at least once a week when I lived in Charlotte (07-08). And on really rough work days, I would get two slices (don't judge me).The guys that work there are really down to earth nice. Always remembered my name and order.
4	a great NY style of pizza for a cheap price. Conveniently located in Latta Arcade for those who work in that area of Uptown. Service is quick especially if you choose a slice from the constantly made selection of pizzas.
5	Pie in the Sky has very good food.  Lunch is always a busy time for them.  Reasonable prices and great service.  I usually get the spaghetti and Meatballs but today I had the Calzone with Sausage, Ham and Olives.  Amazing!  My co-worker had the 10" Pepperoni Pizza and he said it was very good as well.  No seating is available in the restaurant but is availabe outside in the lobby of the building or the nearby atrium.
3	Lets start with first impressions. The pizza isn't quite an Italian masterpiece and to be honest the texture is sort of funky. I will give them excellent points though for flavor because I probably ate 2 giant slices (equivalent to 4 normal ones) of the BBQ chicken pizza in one sitting. There was plenty of chicken, red onion and BBQ flavor. The cilantro (parsley?) looked a bit depressed, however.  For those who like their pizza the next day reheated, this doesn't fly as well so order only as much as you can eat.
5	Great pizza! I got tired of Fuel Pizza (barf) so I found this place thanks to Yelp. Great service overall. Pretty small place too. Order pizza to take out if you plan on bringing alot of people with you.
3	Hello Friends, First let me say, I'm NOT from NEW YORK but really so what! Your birthplace doesn't give you a culinary degree in pizza does it?? Well... does it? I used to visit this location often, (the previous owners were from OHIO.. goo Buckeye's). anyway. Its a small place, and they use every inch of it. I love the pizza dough. Its a nice "New York" style pizza. Ez to fold, nice and soft crust. They now offer cannoli's (sp) and sub's. The guy said they offer Brisket! I asked oh really, so where do you make the said Brisket. He points over to the stove! (ummmm?????)  I'll pass on that, but as far as the Pizza... umm umm good!!
3	Pie in the Sky is a decent place to go for a couple slices, heated up quickly, for lunch.  They are not going to win any best pizza in Charlotte contests but it's serviceable with a very thin crust and good, not great toppings.
5	This is my go-to quick lunch joint downtown.  It's in the Latta Arcade, and I love that I can take my meal outside into the Brevard Courtyard and enjoy the great NC weather.I love the pizza (large slices, not at all greasy!), but lately I've been hooked on their salads.  Yes.  A pizza place with fantastic salads.  They have a cobb salad with romaine lettuce, egg, huge chunks of fresh avocado, crumbled bleu cheese, tomatoes and bacon.  It's gigantic, and a wonderful, affordable, healthy lunch.Great place, great people, and I love supporting small businesses!
3	I stop by and picked up too slices when I was in a hurry for lunch one day. I had a bbq chicken slice and a vegetarian slice. It came with a drink for only $6.50 which is a great deal for uptown. They were heated up and served quickly. It's in Latta Arcade so there isn't any place in the actual place to sit. Right out side there is two tables and outside in the court yard a few more but during lunch it is hard to find a place open. I'll definitely stop back if I'm ever in need of a quick lunch.
4	We found this place by accident the other night - it's in the Latta Arcade, so it's not super easy to find.  We grabbed a couple slices of pizza and some drinks - they have a deal that you get 2 slices of pizza (cheese or pepperoni & get a fountain drink free!).  The pizza is super thin and crispy - true NY style.  There isn't a lot of seating available since there is no seating inside the restaurant, but there are some high top tables outside of it.  I would definitely go back here next time I'm in the city and need a quick slice of pizza!
5	Pie in the Sky's pizza is way better than Fuel's, hands down. I would absolutely recommend this place, especially if you need to order for an inexpensive business lunch. I have never been dissappointed! My favorite pizzas are the Supreme and the BBQ Chicken, but they are all good. Also, get the Greek salad. They don't skimp on toppings and the dressing is great. Love this place.
4	Hidden gem that if forget about all to often for lunch. Two slices and a soda for 5.50, cheese or pepperoni anyway. No place to eat here so walk down the arcade or out to Bearden Park or across to the Plaza. Pretty close to NYC pie. Good enough for me anyway and I'm a Jersey guy.
5	You can't beat a huge salad and drink for under $7, especially at an uptown joint with quick and very friendly service.  It's takeout only, but there are plenty of cool places around Latta Arcade to go sit.  I keep saying I'm going to try the pizza, but every time I can't resist the cobb salad.  There is half an avocado in this thing - I love it.
4	What a great lunch deal! If you work in the area and you're looking for a quick place for lunch, I'd definitely recommend it! Two slices and a soda for 5.50, cheese or pepperoni, and quick service! How can you beat it? The pizza is delicious and greasy-goodness!
4	I tried the Cobb salad. It was a hearty size, with chunks of avocados, slices of bacon and eggs, large pieces of tomatoes, and peppering of that strong cheese. They don't skimp on anything. It came with a drink. Less than $7.
4	Came back to try their slices of pizza. They have a nice special- any two slices of pizza and a drink for $6.50. Fairly large slices. Super thin. Barely any sauce. Not too cheesy or overly greasy. Crust has a hint of garlic butter.Overall, good lunch deals here and pizza is decent.
5	LOVE this place! Great lunch specials, my go-to is two slices of pepperoni and a drink for $5.50. Can't beat that price. The pizza is really great, the slices are big and delicious. Sometimes there's a long line at lunchtime (it's a very small hole-in-the-wall type place in Latta Arcade) but the wait is worth it and they move people through pretty quickly.
4	Finally got over to Pie in the Sky for lunch today. It has been on my list for a while; but uptown goes into hibernation over the weekend so I had to make it for a quick work lunch. The place is tight with room for a handful of people. They are built for the work lunch. A slice of the BBQ chicken pizza and grabbed a table in the Latta Arcade walkway. Great authentic NY style pizza. The BBQ chicken was traditional, but done well. They also have a great lunch special - 2 slices of cheese and a soda for $5.50! I will be back for more
