5	It is great to have a full service high end salon and spa on the west valley!  The environment is clean, bright and tasteful.  Rachel offered me tea and gave me a hand massage while waiting for my hair to process.  And my husband said I look 2 years younger!
4	Great place for all kinds of services. All the stylists are very nice and accommodating. Huge on the inside and very clean. Greg did my spray tan and he was very professional and sweet. I would definitely recommend this salon for anything you need done. :)It is a little expensive, but overall, worth it.
1	Absolutely terrible customer service. Whatever you do, do not buy a Groupon from this place. They will tell you that they have availability and schedule you. BUT when the owner (Jess) finds out that you booked with a Groupon he will call and say that you incorrectly booked their services and gives you dates two weeks away. The problem is that it was their employee who booked the reservation!Jess has to be the rudest small business owner I have ever dealt with. Not a good way to do business these days.  I guess we will continue to frequent Dolce and get the experience we pay for. Note: the owner's wife called back and apologized for Jess's comments and tried to make accommodations. Unfortunately the damage was already done.
1	Stay far away from this place, they can't color or cut hair, cost me 200. To fix what they screwed up. They have no idea what they are doing, my hair was falling out by the handful after it was fixed, they messed me up big time!!
5	I was surprised to not see more positive reviews and I am due for adding a new one, so here it is.My mom bought us a package deal for a massage, sparking apple cider lunch, manicure and pedicure. The place is very modern, clean and organized. They have changing rooms, lockers and showers. They even supply everything you need such as soap, body spray, hair dryer and even spray deoderent!  First was the massages and don't be affraid to say more or less pressure. There is a waiting area with sofas where the light lunch is served along with sparking cider. I will say the only thing lacking was a tv, we wanted to watch the NASCAR race we were missing. After lunch along with a refill of sparking cider is the manicure/pedicure. It was nice to be in a place with newer pedicure chairs where all the buttons were in tact and working. If you go there, be sure to check out the manicure tables and cabinetry, interesting fact is that the owner's husband is a carpenter and made everything. It's very professional and upscale looking. I was impressed with the staff's knowledge and pride in her job to share. I would love to go back, I could use another "spa day" for some relaxation and for some reason the sparking cider tasted better there! **We used a Groupon deal and they were very friendly and we had no trouble at all. Owner (Jess) was very friendly as was rest of the staff.
5	Hello,I had the pleasure of helping this team of great stylist in redesigning there new website and some promotional video's. These guys are defiantly one of the best salons out here in the west valley, expertise range in all areas when it comes to taking care of your body and making it look good!Defiantly a spot to visit and make it your salon you can call home!
4	Every year for my bday present to myself, I book a spa day!!  I was looking on Yelp in my zip code under spa and this new place popped up.  Hum...what the hey, I will try it.      I looked online and they have everything under the sun.  That is cool!  I booked the sunset package (classic mani & pedi and hydrator facial) and added a 60 min swedish massage.  Place is clean and modern with changing rooms, lockers, showers, etc.  I was greeted as soon as I walked in.  And the nice gentleman offered me coffee, tea, water, etc.  I declined I just drank a ton of water.  CC greeted me for my main/pedi treatment.  She is sweet, nice, and gentle with all my digits.  =)  She introduced me to this product called Shellac for my nails.  I don't like fake nails, I just want polish to last longer on my natural nails.  OMG, this stuff is for real.  It last longer and dries instantly.  So far, I came home & have been doing chores and they look fantastic!  I was offered a drink again, I selected Ice Tea.  YUM!Next was my facial with Adam.  The coconut products he used was awesome and they smelled so good.  I was craving nutty coconut ice cream!!  =)  He is so awesome.  His shoulder massage was great!!  I was melting like butter.My last treatment was the swedish massage.  It was ok.I would definitely be back to see CC and Adam!!!  I think I found my new spa spot.
5	Highly recommend Stylist Jessica Aquino! She is amazing and takes the time to get to know her clients. She always makes me feel extra special and I always leave with fabulous hair!
1	I was getting married and looking for a place to get my nails done along with my bridesmaids the night before the wedding. I saw a Groupon for this place and called prior to purchasing to confirm they could fit us all in around the same time. I was told this wouldn't be a problem.I purchased the Groupon and called to make the appointment and was told there was no way they could fit us all in the night before because they only have 1 nail person after 4pm. This doesnt really make sense to me - not sure why they would cut back on staff once people get off work (this was on a Friday). I told them I had called the day before and they said it must have been a new person who gave me the wrong information. They then told me that some of us would have to book during the day and the other two could come at night. Although this was not ideal and I was not thrilled we made it work.My bridesmaid called the week before and then the day prior to confirm the appointments and they said we were all set. The day of the appointment, they called one of the girls and told them that they had double booked and couldn't fit her in at all that day. When we got there we told them that this was the second time that this had happened and that we were unable to come tomorrow due to the wedding. They managed to fit her in but seemed unhappy about it.The first group went during the day and the girls who did our nails all "seemed" nice. Then, the other two bridesmaids came later that night. The nail person was talking trash about us (not realizing the person she was talking trash to was also in the wedding party) saying that it was our fault they double booked and saying how she didnt like the nail colors the bridal party had chosen. My bridesmaid told her she was in the wedding as well and the nail person stopped talking pretty quickly but the damage was done.The moral of this story: Go here if you want bad service, a good chance of them lying to you and/or screwing up appointments, and then talking trash about you when you leave.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!!!  DO NOT buy a groupon from this place. I walked in the Solon to find no one at the front, after waiting for more than 15 minutes someone finally comes. I asked if there's was any openings for mani and pedi she said yes at noon but as soon as I mentioned a had a groupon suddenly they couldn't do it. I asked to speak to the manager she said she was the manger. She was very RUDE and aggressive she refused to give any information about the owner. All I can say is HORRIBLE Customer service !!!!!!!
1	I had a positive experience with this salon when I went to redeem my Groupon. My technician was friendly and professional HOWEVER, my Groupon was for 2 manicures and pedicures services.  I redeemed one and called back today to redeem my final session.  The phone was answered by a less than friendly receptionist who asked me if I had any coupons for my service.  I informed her of my Groupon that they should have in their file and how I would like to complete my second session. The receptionist respond "the Groupons are Voided".  I asked, "what do you mean they are voided I redeemed the deal before it expired and I still have one more session".  She responded, "we voided them all". Once again, I asked "what do you mean it's voided?" At that point she informed me the salon is under new management and they will not honor any of the previously sold Groupons.  Beware if you have purchased any Groupon for this spa.  You should probably contact Groupon and ask for a refund before it is too late.  Due to my less than friendly interaction with the receptionist I will not be returning to this spa for services.
1	Terrible service! Unsanitary. Worst manicure/pedicure of my life! Along with horrible service!I walked In and she had the tools sitting on the table; I didn't see if they were sanitized or  not. She had absolutely no idea what she was doing. She was rough despite my flinching, pushing my cuticles all over the place. At one point I pulled my foot back and yelled. She painted and repainted my toes several times because, again, she had no idea what she was doing. I was contemplating even doing the manicure but had to because I had a Groupon. I had to tell her to push my cuticles back before she started cutting. It seemed foreign to her. The nippers were going all over the place and I was afraid of her cutting SOMETHING off! She was painting my fingernails while they were suspended in midair (imagine that!) Without holding my fingers. I believe her name was mirna or something like that. Not that one person's name matters, they were all just the same because when I told someone how terrible and frightening the experience was, nothing was done about it. Don't even get me started on the checkout process when I told them I had a Groupon!  I never went back to use my other manicure/pedicure deal! And needed to get the word out for others to save their money and time and potential loss of fingers/toes!
