3	I am frustrated with this place. I brought my truck in to swap motors. I was told by the owner swapping a Chevy 350 for a newer model Chevy 350 would be a simple task. I also asked if he could install a transmission I had brought him in the truck while the engine was out. I was told this would only take 4 days to complete and that it would be a simple task. installing the new transmission was going to take some minor adjustments, i.e. the crossmember was going to need to be moved. That involves taking out some bolts and moving the crossmember and drilling holes to install new ones. I don't see this as really being "custom" work. I was quoted $400 for this. There were some minor parts that did need to be ordered and I DID authorize this to be done. It needed a new flywheel ($100) and it also needed a kickdown cable ($30). It did need to have some of the bolt holes chased because there was paint in them. I will give them the benefit of the doubt and say that maybe that took 2 extra hours. So here's where the negative parts of my review start - The whole swap ended up taking 14 days to complete. I came to the shop on several occasions after the 4 days were up expecting to see my truck somewhere close to being completed. It was not even close. The old engine was removed, and the truck was sitting on a lift where it remained for the rest of the 10 days. I went back nearly every single day hoping to get in touch with the owner to find out why it was still not done. I saw him maybe 4 times in the 10 days. Every time I would talk to talk with him he gave me some excuse as to why it was not done. He had to chase the bolt holes (2 hour project), he had to order another flywheel (Maybe 1 extra day waiting for the part), he had to order a kickdown cable (once again 1 day waiting for the part). Autozone has all of the above mentioned parts readily available. No need to wait for parts when you can drive 2 miles down the road to get them, especially if it is past the date you promised the owner of the vehicle you'd have it done by. So aside from those days can you explain the remaining 8 days it sat in the shop without having anything done to it. Everything else needed for the swap was provided by me. The guy he has running his shop appeared to be overwhelmed with the amount of work he had on his plate. He seemed to be the only mechanic in the shop trying to fix 10+ cars. I'm sure he was doing his best to keep up with the workload. However, when i would ask him specific questions on my truck or about certain tasks waiting to be done he just said, "I don't know, you need to talk to Don" or "I have to wait for Don to get back, he needs to do that" I understand that maybe he wasn't allowed to comment on work needing to be done on vehicles, or maybe there were certain tasks above his skill level but I expected a little more from someone running the entire shop by himself. So I finally get my truck back, and here is what wasn't done on the truck. The crossmember wasn't relocated correctly, half way through moving the crossmember the mechanic called me and said he was just going to tack weld it in place because he couldn't drill through the frame to secure it correctly. (The owner did refund this portion of my bill). The hood had to be removed to install the new motor, it was not aligned correctly when it was reinstalled and would not shut properly, there were bolts missing from the power steering pump mount, the motor mounts were missing bolts, the thermostat housing was leaking coolant, the engine idle was set way too high, the kickdown cable wasn't adjusted correctly (which I hear from other mechanics can lead to rapid failure of a transmission), electrical problems that were not there before suddenly appeared (lights not working, headlights not coming on, etc.), and an oil fitting that I was told would not fit into the new block. I later attached the fitting myself by hand into the block that I was told would not take the fitting, the thermostat (old) and waterpump (brand new) were installed using large quantities of silicone sealant and were leaking coolant (not a professional way to install these items). I anticipated these items being installed correctly the first time, and if additional items were needed to install these correctly to be notified and have them done right the first time. I would have not minded paying any additional charges to have this stuff done right the first time. I am the customer, I do not know everything about engines, I would expect a mechanic to inform me of the correct way and tell me "hey, you can't use the old parts, you're going to need a new X,Y, and Z" Instead I think they were under pressure to get it done and threw it together as fast as they could.
1	I took my 4Runner to Oasis Automotive for a tune up.  The owner told me that I needed a valve job so I approved the work.  He kept it for over a week.  Finally, after several calls, he said that I could pick it up at the close of business on a Friday.  I drove there with my girlfriend, paid him and my girlfriend followed me home.  My girlfriend called me on my cellphone and said that the truck was stalling and would not go over 30MPH.  We pulled over and I looked at the truck.  I immediately realized that the engine in the truck was not the same engine that I had brought  to Oasis Automotive.  I called the owner at Oasis but he had already left for the weekend.  We drove the truck to the Toyota dealership where they told me that that the engine in my truck was a junkyard engine.  The Toyota technician also said that the engine was improperly installed and a fire hazard.  I reached the owner and told him that I knew what he did and that I would sell him the truck for the lowest bluebook value.  He asked me how much that was and when I told him he became belligerent, called me a liar and said that he wanted me to drop the truck off with him again.  I did not want to be in the same company with this individual again so I declined and stopped taking his calls.  My insurance company took the vin number from the engine that he installed and discovered where and when he bought the junkyard engine.  The receipt was dated the day after I dropped off my truck.  My insurance company paid for a new engine and the cost of  properly installing it.   My insurance company went after Oasis for the cost which their insurance did finally pay.  I did receive a new engine for my 4Runner but I was without a truck for over 4 months while the process played out.  The owner of Oasis Automotive is a criminal.  Go at your own risk.
1	this place is the highest priced shop in the state!!!!!! after 3 trips and 2,500 dollars later has left me in the poor house..........i guess its my fault for going back, but never again!!1
4	Helpful, knowledgeable in their diagnosis of my vehicle. I came in with 4 different codes from the smog people. I braced for the price when Darrel came to talk to me and was relieved that my problem was as simple as the wrong oil used by the people who did my oil change. He explained each code and said that if we could set P0014 by my driving my vehicle to reset the monitors that I could probably pass smog and we could work on the other 3 codes at a later date.
5	Great customer service, good pricing and fast work. will be back...im sure!
5	I asked for the AAA tow trucks guy recommendation on a mechanic since I didn't have one in my area yet so he took me to Oasis.  My alternator needed to be replaced.  I walked in and they fixed it in about 2 hours and got me on my way.  They did the job for a more than fair price.  But honestly, it was like walking into someone's home.  Everyone was super friendly, gracious, and hospitable.  Made the bad experience of having car problems as pleasant as possible.
1	???
2	Not very responsive or polite. Extra star for the dog that I saw when I was in there.
1	I had my timing belt/ water pump and drive belts done at this shop a little over 10,000 miles ago, I had to bring it back right after because the belts were making a chirping noise.  After feeling like it still had issues I brought it to my usual mechanic to look at.  They ended up having to replace the drive belts because the one they used did not properly fit my car.  I did not have the money for them to take my car apart again to investigate the rest of the work done.This past weekend my car started to spew out antifreeze, after investigating it appears the timing belt was not done properly - so here I am only 10,000 miles later looking at another timing belt/water pump fix...  I have learned my lesson.  My normal mechanic may not be the cheapest but the work is guaranteed and the parts used are the right ones for my car.  So my initial savings of $300 has turned into another $1000 spent to fix the other issues this has created.  I will never return to this shop.UPDATE:  The water pump installed during the timing belt repair was faulty, it blew taking my entire engine with it.  So now this cheaper timing belt job turned into a $4700 engine replacement.  When I called Oasis to ask about a warranty (or any advise at all...) they dismissed me so rudely that I wanted to jump through the phone.  Steer clear of this horrible place.
