5	What a beautiful facility. ( I was there for a good reason CCW).  Didn't see the whole place but sure liked what I saw. Customer service was FAST and I like that it is somewhat centralized and was easy freeway access.
5	AWESOME Facility!
1	Horrible customer service and really long wait times for a simple report. I've waited over a half hour to file a stolen car report and the woman who assisted me had an attitude problem. They have their system set up like a dmv office where you wait for your number to be called to get any assistance.
5	ok so coming to this type of places i always expect to be treated bad and rude but i was wrong! the location was easy to find and right when i was walked in there was a line and then to the left you see the people waiting kinda like the DMV. when it was my turn to step up the lady at the window greeted and i told her what i was there for and she explained what i had to do then she gave me a ticket. i went into the other room and started to fill out some paperwork and next thing i knew my number was already called up! keep in mind it was pretty busy too. I was in and out of this place quicker than i though. all the staff was so friendly and didn't make you feel bad or treated you any different here!
1	Is it a prerequisite that all officers of the law that this department puts on the street be complete dicks?  Or is this something learned in P.O.S.T.?  I'm sick and tired of asking your officers, whom our tax dollars pay salaries for, simple questions and getting dick attitudes, arrogance and rudeness. Case in point:  Today I'm leaving the Fashion Show mall and your "C-Team" is re-routing traffic in such a manner that I am unable to cross the strip East-bound to my next destination.  Upon driving up to the above mentioned "C-Team", I rolled my window down and verbatim said "Sir, Is the Strip closed?"  My simple and direct question was met with major 'tude, arrogance and an over all dick response of "HUH you're going to have to speak up, yes it's open".  What?  If you can't hear me then how did you know if I was inquiring about the status of the intersection?  And if it is indeed open, then "Why am I unable to exit the parking lot in such a manner (as I normally do) that will allow me to access the intersection that crosses the Strip?"  This question was met with more 'tude.  I get it, you hate being questioned (because you are ALWAYS right) or posed with normal questions that anyone with a normal aptitude could answer.  Carry on Officer McArrogance, have a nice fucking day.  Did you hear that? Or should I speak louder?This is the second time in less than 30 days where a simple question was met by a dick response.  Get over yourself and remember who the fuck pays your salaries.Love, The guy who looks like a bum but drives a fancy car.p.s.  Yes, I said dick.
1	If you think the DMV lines are bad you are in for a surprise. Leave a whole day open if a record check is needed.
1	Got a fix it ticket for a brake light that is out. Was told all I had to do was fix it, find an officer to see I had fixed it, then fax a form to the courthouse. I informed him I was leaving town in two days and he told me I should do it before I left so I didn't get a fine.  25 min. So I went and got it fixed. 20 min. Drove about looking for an officer and finally had to go downtown to metro. 40 min. That officer informed me that I should go to the courthouse since I was headed out of town. So I did. Took a number, paid to park. 22 min. Lady at the window telling me that it takes 6 weeks to process the ticket, so there was no point it doing it today. 2 min. Does no one know what is going on?! You are writing tickets, be aware of the right info and pass it on! I pay your salary!! You wasted my day and my money!!!
