1	Office Max Sucks-7th ave+Camelback rd.. They now have a Ink Toner machine behind the counter to compete with Cartridge World so you can refill your printer ink for less then what hp wants (which is too much). Don't ever use this service. 3 x I have been in there to replace the cartridge after printing maybe 6-7 copies. Called the Manager (Shane) he said they never have any issues with the machine (maybe about 5% come back). He said I must be one of these 5%. Plus 1/2 the time you go in there it seems like nobody works there. It's worst then Home Depot where they scramble like cock roaches when they see a customer walking down the isle.Head my advice and use Cartridge World if your looking for toner refills.
5	I'm giving this Office Max five stars for convenience, friendly service, competitively priced products a stocked shelves. This Office Max is a great in and out shop. On one side there is the detailed supply store and on the office side, there is a complete copy center. It's open until 9 on the weekdays and they don't make you feel rushed if you get there at oh let's say...8:50. In fact, they are helpful! They walked me around and helped me find the random items I needed. The copy center staff was also very friendly. This Office Max has your complete supply of office items but their prices are very reasonable! I purchased the same item at another shop that I did here and it was significantly less expensive here. So on that note, I end my review on Office Max but I will report back with any new findings.
5	Store is always clean, easy to locate items, and the employees are very nice and helpful.
4	Baby C's 1st birthday party was this past Saturday.  I had a birthday stats chalkboard made up Thursday night and needed it printed out ASAP.  Went to the K/FX around the corner and when the guy told me he was pretty backed up and it would be better if he could have it done by Saturday morning.  AND...the price was about $25, not including tax.  I told him I'd think about it.  Remembering there was an OfficeMax nearby, I decided to try my luck there.  I AM SOOO GLAD I WENT THERE!  Not only was the price for a 16x20 large format print less than $20 (was going to be like $15-$16..not including tax), BUT they had it printed out in less than 15 minutes of my arriving there.  I decided to have it mounted on foam board and laminated, which was going to up the cost by about $15, give or take.  STILL CHEAPER THAN K/FX!    I will return if I am ever in need of more print jobs done.  :)
4	I always make my trip to OfficeMax first before I try anywhere else.  This store is in a great location near 44th St. & Thomas Rd. in Phoenix near the airport.  They have great selections on all the office products.  Binders, papers, markers, and anything and everything you can think of.  They also have great prices as well.  If you need to price-match from Staples, Walmarts, Target, and/or any stores, just bring in their ads and show it to the employees, they will gladly match the prices, sometimes even cheaper too.  Check them out before you go to other places.
4	Lois in the print center is gold. Always helpful, friendly, on top of it, and composed. This has become my go-to print destination, even when it's out of the way, because I know I can depend on an easy, smooth experience.
