4	Lovely little bar cafe in Leith. Busy when I've been there, so grab a seat quick when you get the chance. The menu is great and varies from day to day, with lots of home made fare and interesting quirky taste treats. Waitress service for drinks too, so you don't even have to queue at the bar.Nice relaxed atmosphere which could have you spend your entire evening there even if you'd intended to move on.
4	Where do you ever have the bar staff hunting out seats for you? Here it would seem and very welcome it was too. Good range of beers on offer (including 3 of Brew Dog's in the fridge) and a lively, buzzing environment in which to enjoy them. Not somewhere you really want to leave once you're settled.
5	Tucked away amidst the industrial block and dockland area of Leith lies the Roseleaf.  Instead of serving the usual tempura blah on a bed of naff with a chilli jus, the Roseleaf sticks to the reliable homely pub grub and adds a respectable level of polish and charm to it. The menu is provided among the pages of a National Geographic, they do a drool worthy homemade ginger beer and the decor of carefully selected antique bits and bobs equates to a unique cafe/pub/eatery.Popular with locals and nearby business folk, the Roseleaf is a cracking pub.
4	The veggie haggis was good (I've never had actual haggis, so take that with a grain of salt), as was a salad with marinated bread. We also enjoyed the pumpkin seed encrusted plaice. Roseleaf occupies the bottom floor of a cool little building tucked between some asymmetric streets. Lots of chotchkies on the walls to occupy your attention.
4	Stopped in and got me some delish ginger beer. Cured my stomach ailing from all the Haggis. They seemed to have specials all throughout the month of July for various independency days (July 4th, Canada Day, Bastille Day). That sign was cute.
4	Very much enjoyed this trip to the Roseleaf last Saturday (December 2011). Bags of character and a very welcoming atmosphere, with good food and some very inventive drinks.A local favourite, but well worth the visit to Leith for us visitors.
3	We had a very merry Christmas meal with a large group of Yelpers here. A charming interior, different from other places I am accustomed to visiting, more like your granny's lounge with a hint of expected victoria sponge. It feels like an odd choice, but it does work and down to the butter knives, reminds me a little of home. Food wise, I wasn't blown away, but it was all rather nice. Again, a bit like your gran. My starter wasn't particularly memorable - mushroom and polenta - to be honest, if I had thought about it, my reaction would be that neither have much flavour - and that was t the result, although it was laced with garlic. I did manage to steal some of the boys salmon... boy that was nice, much better as an option. Roseleaf shone right there and right then. I also enjoyed the mulled wine bread that was a precursor to the starter - and promised good things - nice touch there and pretty tasty at that. It took a long time to deliver each course - by the looks of it, food was being prepped to deliver simultaneously - which is nice, but in a party of 20, I think perhaps the kitchen was a little challenged? There were definite murmurs of dissent from our end by the time the main finally arrived, which never bodes well and tends to leave a bad taste in the proverbial. The squash and nut Wellington I ordered took much longer than the other plates to arrive - me thinks it was holding things up. It was quite nice, although the large chunks of nut I crunched through was agonizingly painful due to a wisdom tooth coming in (note to self - nuts ain't soft, dude) - could have done with the nuts being a little less chunky, but that's a personal opinion. Brussel sprouts were manfully attempted and pretty tasty (lots of butter flavour), and overall the plate was pleasant, but I wouldn't say now that I would rush back for another slice. I was gluttinous - I did go for a third course - when you have cranachan and cheesecake in one, how are you going to say no? But ultimately, I was disappointed - the raspberry didn't cut through the richness of the cheesecake, and the lavender honey made it all the sweeter and heavy as did the accompanying jam berry combination. Loved the cinder toffee though.I did like the cock-pots (as Jenny L called em), the one we had had a fantastic name and went down as frighteningly well as a good cocktail should. But overall, much as Roseleaf is nice, and I had a lovely evening, I don't think it's a place I will rush back to  anytime soon - it's all very nice, but ask me in a month, and I probably won't remember much at all about the place, except the butter knives.
3	If i could do a 3.5 I would. After signing up for the Yelp Christmas Dinner I had really high expectations. It seemed as though depending on what you chose to eat there were different reactions to the experience. I decided to go for 2 vegetarian options.. This i dont normally do. All was really tasty but I left a tad bit hungry and didn't walk away thinking "WOW" I really liked the atmosphere of the place, really. The art on the walls, water from teapots, etc was really nice. Also the home made ginger ale was really good for my stomach (had a case of the hangover). I would come back, Just not sure if I'd want to pay the price I did for what I ate. Roseleaf have the atmosphere down, and the presentation of some food is awesome... theres just a little bit missing.
4	Went there one extremely hungover Sunday and cured it with a pint and cheese on toast. This was no ordinary cheese on toast however. It was on two thick slabs of wholemeal bread with about an inch of various melted cheeses with some chopped up raw chilli just to blow away the cobwebs. Probably the best hungover / hair of the dog combos I've had in a while.The barmaid like, totally fancied me (naturally) and was flirty too which is always nice! Cheese on toast + beer + Flirty women = hangover cure.
4	The Roseleaf is based in the shore are of Leith, but being off the main road it would be easily missed if you werent looking for it.  Its a quirky wee pub, with the walls covered in hats, lots of vintage memoriabilia scattered around and cocktails served in teapots.  Sounds odd, and it is, but thats a good thing.This place serves many purposes, you could just as easily go here for tea and cakes as you would for a night of drinking.  I have to say though, that for me its the food and in particular the brunch menu that keeps bringing me back.If you want to go here for breakfast they recommend phoning ahead and booking a table, a few days ahead if possible, as it isn't huge and they are very popular.   With everything from porridge to eggs Benedict and then the full breakfasts.   I have had both the vegetarian and meat-heavy options of the full breakfast and have found them both to be as good as I have found in Edinburgh.
4	In the deepest darkest hollows of a hangover I stumbled in here with friends over the weekens in search of my dignity, redemption and if nothing else a good feed.Welcomed by a nice waitress we sat down and had a good laugh with her, for various reasons I was soon wearing one of the hats the have up high on the wall.Thinking my gangover through I went for the rum cask finish Innes & Gunn to drink - more and more popular these across the city and easy to see why.Going over the menu I was delighted to see the work crackling and pork. This was a slightly unusual take though..... a pulled pork, crackling, stuffing and apple sauce wrap...! It was all very tasty - chef had made a bit of blunder though - ususing certain lettuce for this doesnt work as they go bitter when cooked - rather basic error so lose a star..!Served with sauted potatos normally I asked for chips which was no issue and came with some coleslaw and a side salad. All in all just what I needed...though left with pangs of disappointment as this palce is so close to being brilliant...!Jd still a happy man!
5	Want to try something different and quirky?  How about chasing the white rabbit down to The Rose Leaf for a Mad Hatter's tea party?  Try the tasty pot tails served in real china tea cups and tea pots made with real fruit juice.  This truly is alcohol that is good for you!!!Feeling a bit fragile on a Sunday?  How about going for a Sunday roast just like Granny used to make and served on the same crockery, with the white handled cutlery.  Winner for all generations.  P.S.  Don't forget to leave notes for your friends on the blackboards when you go to the toilets:P
5	Potentially the only thing you need to know: the breakfasts here are awesome. And they're served all day. And they're awesome.You want more? Well. First off check out the photo I uploaded of The Big Yin breakfast. Does exactly what it says on the tin. Served in a frying pan, there was the BIGGEST SAUSAGE I HAVE EVER SEEN (that's what she said, I know.) And then the home-made tattie scone. And just SO MUCH FOOD. This wasn't even my breakfast and I was in awe.I went for the Tattie Stack. Two home-made tattie scones with some black pudding and bacon, and a 'happy fried egg' on top. The black pudding was awesome-sauce and the home-made tattie scones really made it. Happy as Larry was I, and judging by all the food that was demolished from the frying pan opposite me, I'd say we both were.I love all the names on the menu too. The Big Yin for a start. And The Nutella Fella (a chocolatey dessert). Loads others that I can't remember, but the tongue-in-cheek menu is a nice touch.The staff are also super friendly and down to earth. And they have scrabble! Another one to add to the board game / scrabble Yelp List.They have some outdoor seating on a quiet side road, which we made use of. Unfortunately some overhead birds also made use of it, and were quite generous with their own offerings. On one of us (not me). The hazards of dining outside. I guess it goes with the territory of the Shore and seagulls close proximity to the Shore?!So as far as a day-time gastopub goes, Roseleaf gets 5 stars. This is somewhere I'd love to be my local too, as judging by the friendly staff it'd be a great wee boozer in the evenings too.Perfect for the Diamond Jubilee Day off.
4	I confirm most of the reviews here. This is a great pub to visit and hang out for a few hours pre- going out. What we do is go over and have a little drink in the afternoon and sometimes meet up with friends. The Mad Hatter's Tea Party is a MUST.. cocktails and munchies :o) great atmosphere and very welcoming. The fact that it is so popular and that people (can) reserve tables actually makes them loose a star.. no-one likes to be told to get a way from their table while in a interesting conversation. The food is good at best, need some improvement on certain dishes. But I am sure they are working on this. The staff is very helpful, welcoming and friendly and this always makes us come back for a drink or 2
5	One of the best places you can eat in all of the UK. Friendly staff, clean food and incredible coffee. Free internet is always a bonus for me but this is a place I can truly call home :) Always ask to have a chat with Jonny, he's the man!Go there now!!!
5	Ah the rose leaf. I'm always looking for a reason to come here. Big range of drinks including many tasty cocktails, wondrous lunches, mouth watering deserts. Above all else though; this place has the best black pudding ever. I dare to suggest otherwise. It's not cheap but it doesn't feel over priced. I'm willing to pay a little more for a little more!
4	We had cockatils in a china cup and poured from a china teapot! If you go with a  group of friends you can choose sip whilst modelling hearwear of your choice from the vast array of hats hanging on the walls. Completely daft but great fun. Worth a visit!!. Great wee place!
5	You know when you have a craving for something. Let's say, a chicken wrap. But it can't just be any chicken wrap. It has to be the chicken wrap from one particular place.  Other places may do a similar version, with similar flavours, but it's just NOT the exact wrap you're craving. Well, Roseleaf have that thing for me. And it's a chicken wrap.10 merry Yelpers met up here for our regular monthly brunch recently. You know what brunch means? ANYTHING GOES? Burgers and a belinni? Check. Full fry up? Check.  Sopu and risotto. Check.For the most part our table had breakfasty items. Three of the Big Yins (FULL fry up, served in gridle pan), tattie stacks (potato scones with egg and bacon and the like), eggs benny, soup and risotto (coupled with ale, at 11am), and waffles with bacon, maple syrup and banana. I kid you not.Oh and my wrap. The cajun chicken wrap with triple-cooked chips. Good LORD. I'm craving it thinking about it right now. And I want it. And no other chicken wrap will do.The chicken had been roasted and then pulled, the spices were stupidly delicious, and it was PACKED full of chicken. Probably about 1.5 chicken breasts worth of freshly roasted, pulled chicken breast. Mmmm.The staff were also super friendly, and gave us hats from the wall to wear. Which we duly did. They have a Madhatter's Tea Party (I think on a Sunday?) when the hats are worn. But knowing we were Yelpers and it's brunch so anything goes, they offered us hats and we accepted.For once I didn't have food envy, as I was so happy with my wrap. Apart from Jennie S's capuccino which had real, grated dark chocolate on top and looked equally delightful in its dainty tea cup, and delicious.Roseleaf is definitely one of my top places for brunch. And chicken wraps.
4	hats, tea pots, great staff,Good food by day, pub by nightMmmmm... Brunchy, Munchy!
4	The Roseleaf is fantastic! It is tucked away in Leith and feels so quaint, cosy, warm, and welcoming inside! We joined the Yelp group here for brunch yesterday and loved it! The atmosphere is fantastic with lovely decorations and hats on the wall, which we were invited to wear so that was great fun! The menus are inside old National Geographic magazines, which is a fun touch. The menu is fantastic, too, with many great brunch options. I had the Big Yin fry-up, which was amazing although gigantic and very filling! It was one of the best full breakfasts I've had! My only quibble with this place is that we ordered one Big Yin to share between two people, and we didn't anticipate receiving (or eating!) two huge breakfasts. Considering we were a big group, they must not have heard us right. Overall the Roseleaf was fantastic and I'd like to go back for brunch and also for experiencing it at night as a pub. I love the atmosphere and the food is great!
4	Not sure how I've not written a review for this place yet, but apparently I get lazy after I've had a good meal (read a few too many cocktails too) and good intentions get digested along with the food...I've had two brunches here, a late lunch and a dinner and I've always been well impressed by the food. I am however not always impressed with the service which can be rather lacking and stopping me giving this place 5 stars.. Maybe my tastebuds just aren't as discerning as the others before me?? But what I like about the roseleaf is it's just down home cookin'.. they're not trying to do anything revolutionary but what they do, they do well.  The 'full breakfast' or 'big breakfast' or whatever it's called is well worth it if you have the appetite, I love that it gets served on a skillet! If there was only a way I could smuggle the skillet home with me afterwards.. hmmmmm......And it's been said time and again.. but cocktails.in.teapots. You don't really need more reason than that to visit this place! It helps that the cocktails are all scrumptious too tho!! I think I've tried most of them.. -disclaimer- I went to someone's b'day drinks and tried a bit of everyone else's cocktails.. rather than I'm a big enough alkie to have tried them all on my own!! The drink menu is QUITE large and my pockets aren't THAT deep! I always recommend it to out of town guests and never hesitate to stop in for a meal if I'm in the area.It does get quite busy with drinkers on the weekend so it's advisable to book a table if you know you want a sit down meal!
5	I had Sunday lunch here last week and it was great. I've always liked the Roseleaf, from the outside it looks kind of out of place surrounded by apartment blocks and factory retailers but inside its cosy and quirky. Staff were friendly and attentive but the food was the main event. I had onion and Parmesan soup to start which was very tasty and the sweetness of the onion was balanced well with the salt of the Parmesan. Big hunks of bread = v. Happy!  Moved on to the cajun pulled pork in Scandinavian flat bread. Again, a crowd pleaser, spicy pork, lovely flat bread and a great Nordic influenced salad with quinoa. Oh, yeah and massive chips.All together a very pleasant experience.
4	I visited Roseleaf for lunch with a couple of ex-colleagues. Since it was Monday, we had no problem getting a table - however if you are planning on dining here in the evening or especially weekends, booking is advised. Roseleaf has an interesting menu. Brunch is served from 10am to 5pm which is great as you can still have a more 'breakfasty' option if you wish, or just choose something else more substantial.I had the 'Fancy Fritters' which is courgette fritters sandwiched between flatbread. It came with a salad and chips. The fritters were delicious, there was an appleslaw filling as well which went really well. Salad was nice, but the chips were soggy and I left most of them. This is a great place for lunch or drinks, a really cosy bar with lots to offer.
4	sunday brunch is a favourite meal and when the boyfriend suggested we go, i immediately suggested The Roseleaf.  but on arrival at 1pm the place was packed and the guy sadly told us there were no tables until at least 2:30pm, with a very sad face we left.  but being a thoughtful boyfriend, he brought me back here last week before we went away for my birthday weekend.i have to say a week day is the time to go!  there were loads of tables available with only a few diners in the front room.  but the brunch menu is available every day until 5pm!!!!  that's right, brunch until 5pm :) :) :) with a bit of debate i ordered the Roseleafer which is their veggie breakfast and a mixed juice drink that i've now forgotten the name of.  the juice was a blend of pomegranate, apple, and raspberry i think and it was super tasty!  i've posted a picture as it was also very pretty :)our breakfast arrived after a bit of a wait in proper cast iron griddle pans!  and these were mighty breakfasts!  my veggie one consisted of scrambled eggs ( you can have fried or poached if you want instead), grilled tomato and mushroom, beans, a massive heap of sauteed spinach, a homemade tattie scone, and the most wonderful and tasty veggie haggis i've ever had.  on the side of all of this amazingness was three generous slices of toasted homemade bread.  this was like breakfast heaven!!  and even though i was starving i couldn't manage to finish the lot.  the veggie haggis was the star and i was told by the waitress that it's award winning.  i can definitely see why!  my boyfriend was equally satisfied with his Big Yin breakfast which was basically every type of breakfast meat available with a fried egg and beans.we both left very full and very happy.  i'm already trying to find a reason to go back here for more breakfast delight :)
4	Quite a wonderful little bar/bunch/restaurant. I came here to join my fellow Yelpers for a month brunch outing. I had been looking forward to this outing all week! I found the place easy enough and it looks quite cozy from the outside. A perfect place to get shelter from the rain I feel. I first had gone to the mens room before I got to explore and find my seat. It might be weird but I really liked the old school marvel comic wall paper in the bathroom. It was awesome as it had all my favorite comic super heroes I remember reading as a little boy with the old ads they used to have in comics to order spiderman stuff and things like that. So brownie points for that I thought it was awesome. But back to the normal part of the review not the toilets. Was greeted kindly by the waitress at the bar and ordered an orange juice. I was then shown to my seat with my fellow Yelp followers. The first thing I noticed in the restaurant beside the awesome toilet wall paper was the menus and the decorations around the space. The menus were national geographic magazines with the menu incorporated into it. So I could order my food while reading about flying monkeys or something! Totally loved that. Also the decorations had hats all over the ceiling and cool little statues and paintings. There was an awesome horse head statue that I wanted to take home with me but couldn't. So food was ordered, I was feeling a bit under the weather ( shouldn't have drank those strongbows on Arthurs seat yesterday :D ) but not to horribly so obviously the best thing to get for an upset stomach is the richest food possible!! I had the eggs benedict with smoked salmon! It was really really tasty. The hollandaise sauce was very good and the smoked salmon fit with it and the poached eggs quite well. The smokey taste was subtle and not overwhelming. The dish was not that salty as I  thought it might be super salty but it was not to bad. It was very rich of course and I was not able to finish the whole thing , but I was left comfortably full. As I do not do brunch that much if ever I am a fan of this place and would like to come back here again to try the Big Yin breakfast that is basically a mountain man ( or woman ) breakfast and has the works. So if your in the leith area and your hungover and hungry or smart and not hungover but still hungry this is a good place to go.
4	Not the regular sort of bar I normally hang out in, but I do like this place even though its missing the spit and saw dust I am accustomed to. The decor is very twee and the theme carries on through to the cocktails that are served in tea pots. They have a reasonable range of pints on draught and they shorts selection is excellent. They have a reputation for great food and I have only ever popped in here for a pint on the way to somewhere else, so when this popped up as the option for Sunday brunch recently I jumped at the chance to get down here to try their food. The food  was well worth the trip outside of my usual Marchmont bubble. The missus went for a Roseleafer veggie breakfast and I opted for the Big Yin. Both are served on a griddle and come with copious amounts of great breakfast food, so much so I was moving food out the way only to discover more options underneath. I have paid similar amounts for breakfast and come away disappointed. Value for money, quality and portion size were all excellent. I am well fussy about coffee and the this didn't disappoint either.  All in the Roseleaf is now high on my list of places to eat out at while down this end of town. Service was good, food was great and the atmosphere/surroundings were spot on.
5	The Roseleaf has to be the happiest place in town (well Leith), service is always warm and loving, they care about the food they serve. Authentic, original and really good food and drink.Best orange juice too!Lorna
5	Honeymooning from California. Best food in Edinburgh! Amazing quality! If you don't check it out you are missing out!
5	Thanks to Yelp I discovered this little gem. Great service and friendly atmosphere. I shall return!
5	I love this place dearly, it never disappoints. On my umpteenth time here I surprised myself by ordering a stick toffy pudding. Normally a desert that comes out of a packet microwaved and scalding hot. The roseleaf however makes their own sponge, and their own sauce, both are sublime. Warm and gooey but not so hot all the ice cream melts straight away. Gorgeous stuff.
5	What a fantastic spot! We both had a delicious flat white served in pretty tea cups and one of the best eggs benedict, Ever! The Roseleaf is full of character, & so is it's staff! So friendly & helpful. We loved the quirks! Our menus were in National Geographics and there's chalk in the beautifully decorated loos so you can leave a message for the next visitor :)I cannot wait to go back and try one of their pot-tails (cocktails in a tea pot). Thanks for such a lovely experience, Roseleaf!
