5	I found this restaurant when they were located in Buckeye. I have tried everything on the menu probably more than once and have never been disappointed. My favorite is the Red-Chili Frybread with cheese added. The service is excellent there. You always get treated friendly and with a smile!
5	I still need to make several more trips to this place because everything on the menu looks delicious. I have tried the frybread with the green chile. It is so good. The bread is perfect. The green chile is very good. I have also tasted the red off my husbands plate and that also very good. I recommend this to anyone who loves frybread done right. They also have soups. I need to try the albondigas but everytime I have went they did not have any. I did have the calavacita soup and it is very good, clean tasting and filling they will serve it with plain frybread pieces if you like. They have friendly service and it is very clean and simple. This is place is a hidden jewel. I highly recommend trying it. Oops almost forgot... they have the bomb salsa it is also delicious mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
2	I had a bad feeling when I went there today, the location is bad, very end of Avondale downtown, nasty place.  I had Mojito chicken frybread and I was expecting something better than Taco Bell's Chalupa but I'm disappointed. Frybread was good but they didn't give me enough chiken and cheese and lettuce was old. I wasted my money. I feel like I'm gonna have a diarrhea today.
4	Delicious & fresh frybread!  Plenty of parking. Eat in, or dine out. Family owned. Been in location since April 2011. Not the best location, but most "hole in the wall" joints are authentic and real! Will visit again.
3	Be sure to come on Tuesday through Friday or it can be kinda pricey.
4	Absolutely delicious food at reasonable prices. Only complaint is that they only sell cans of soda. This kind of meal requires a big old drink
4	Great food and service.  I was impressed with the quality of the frybread.  The salsa samples were great too.  Good selection of toppings from very mild to spicy hot.
5	This placed just opened up so I figured I'd try it.    Lets just say I will be back for sure.    Awesome!     Pleasantly surprised and it was made to order just like they say.   Frybread tasted perfect, everything was hot and tasted fresh and I also ordered it to-go and it was nice of them to put a paper lining in the container unlike some places when it melts the foam container.    Good job all around.  They also had a huge container of fresh lemonade, didn't see it until I left but will try next time.   Highly recommend.
4	So this "fry bread" (ormaybeit'sjustoneword -- "frybread"... or-maybe-it-is fry-bread?) is something completely new to me.  Basically, they take the same soft and fluffy fry bread and add different toppings to them. I tried a handful of different fry breads... there was the Mia's special (unfortunately, the chicken and other toppings on this one tasted kind of gross)... a refried bean option (which wasn't too bad since I'm not really a fan of refried beans)... and a couple different fry breads that had ground beef on them (these were delicious and were my favorites by far).I also ordered a combo of dessert fry breads -- the strawberry and caramel were decent, but the chocolate and cherry were just ok.  I would have liked to see some actual fresh fruits on the dessert fry breads... and maybe even some whipped cream or a little powdered sugar.  Overall, I think they are definitely on to something here and could really do well with a few minor changes in their menu.  I would definitely go back and try this place again... so if you're in the mood for some fry bread, frybread, or fry-bread, then go ahead and give this place a shot!
3	Tried it out this past weekend. I'm not a huge fan of frybread but everything was tasty and fresh. The location has been turned over several times in the last couple years and I don't know if this place will have better luck or not. Nice, helpful staff.
4	I've been making Frybread for about 15 years, and I've been eating it for much longer. It's not hard to make, yet many people fail to make it right. It can be too greasy, too crispy, too hard, too salty, too baking powder-y. Thus I'm always excited to try someone else's recipe.Arizona Frybread makes very good frybread. It was perfectly soft, and satisfying to the taste buds. My only negative critique is that it was a bit too salty. Nevertheless, it was not too salty so as to be unenjoyable. I ordered frybread with red chili, which was equally delicious. I think I would have liked a bit more meat, however.Restaurant was very clean. Food was good. Service was helpful and friendly. I'll definitely eat there again.:-)
4	I have always had Frybread with powdered sugar never had it with actually food.  I met my sister here for lunch.  The place was clean and bright.  We walked up to the counter and ordered.  Make sure you state you want th e lunch special for the meal, drink, and discount.  I ordered the FRYBREAD w GRILLED MOJITO CHICKEN (Grilled chicken Mojito topped with chesse,lettuce & Sour Cream).  It was good and everything tasted very fresh!!!
1	I came here a few days ago with the wife. We had gone to them when they were in Buckeye and it WAS awesome. Our experience this time was less than stellar.  The dough tasted like play-dough....salty as hell, undercooked and kinda slimy/sludgy in the middle.The toppings (wife had cinnamon and I had green chili chicken) and the mild salsa were the only reasons I could eat a few bites. I ended up scraping it off and throwing out the fry bread. The price was about avg but still not worth the taste. I dont think we will try it again. Sad day.
4	Ive been going to AZ frybread house for many years, now they're closer to me & the menus so impressive.  Try it!
4	It may be fry bread for some of their offerings, but very light fry bread, not heavy or greasy.   I got red Chile fry bread, wife got the Calabsitas soup, both were VERY good, full of flavor for the unique desert SW flavors and style of food.  We also sampled their green chile pork and potato soup too and wow! that was good and warning for those who don't like spicy, this would be one to sample before getting a bowl.  We will certainly be coming back to this great place with very friendly staff!
5	Awesome food and service. Free refills on aqua fresca. We will be back for sure.
4	They have a great lunch combo that is really reasonable to check out.
4	Tried this place for the first time in their new location and thoroughly  enjoyed it. I had the Frybread Arizona and a Horchata and loved it. The sauce they give you with it was delicious and I think I used half a bottle. I then made the mistake of ordering a desert Frybread and then left way too stuffed. I should have just stuck to the meal and skipped the desert as it was way too much food for just me.Will definitely be back. Their new place is very nice compared to the old place.
5	Mmmmmm!!! Everything on this menu is awesome. I never leave unsatisfied. Frybread is perfect. Not too greasy at all. If you haven't tried this place your missing out.
2	Really wanted to like this place but it took a long time to get my food. It was hot in there and by that point it doesn't matter what the food tastes like.
4	Our friends recommended Arizona Frybread to us and it was really good. We got the FB#1 special with four different mini fry breads. Their green chili is really good. It was a little to spicy for my husband but I didn't think it was bad at all. The horchata and the melon peach fresca were delicious! Then we had to get dessert so we opted for the sampler. The fry bread covered in cinnamon and sugar was my favorite (kind of like a churro). The place was very clean and the service was very good.
1	Next to the Federal Pizza, where I got food poisoning a month or so ago, this is the worst restaurant I have EVER been to. At least the Federal tasted good going down.I will preface this by saying my boyfriend and I LOVE frybread and LOVE trying new things.  We arrived starving and this was JUST awful.I got the Frybread Southwest, while my boyfriend got a Frybread with Chicken on it (can't remember which one).  I have got to be honest.  The frybread was GREAT, but everything else was a disaster.  Both of our dishes had Frybread with canned refried beans piled on top (about a centimeter or so thick) with no meat to speak of and another centimeter or so of garbage shredded lettuce.  There might have been sour cream or a topping, but all we could taste was horrible beans and trash lettuce.  How can a business sustain itself with Walmart store-bought goods? If it isn't, at least fool the customers with some quality.I have friend's who have tried to make food for me that is absolute garbage. To be honest, I'd have those other meals instead of AZ Frybread ever again.I hate saying this because they were so nice and welcoming.  Plus we were starving so we would have been happy with anything.  I could not have been more disappointed.  Also, the juices are SO PULPY they are almost undrinkable.  It also seems as though it is a mix of store-bought juice and someone juicing strawberries and mango's for their juices and that left a pretty horrible taste in our mouths.We took 4-5 bites a piece, because we were starving and threw the rest away.  And if you know us, you know that we NEVER throw food away.  We always take our leftovers home.  Not this time.  Wish we had put the calories toward something actually satisfying like In-N-Out. Sorry AZ Frybread.
1	Where do I even start with this one...First off, let me say that the staff was friendly and welcoming.  And that was where the positive experience ended.My girlfriend and I stopped in here on a Saturday on the way to a friend's house because we were looking for a quick bite and this place had good reviews.  I love good frybread so I was excited to see what this place had to offer.  I was sadly disappointed.I tried the Dev's chicken dish and my girlfriend tried another dish that I can't recall the name of.  I really can't believe that what came out was the standard that this place goes by.  The frybread itself wasn't bad but was pretty bland.  The rest of the stuff on top was even more bland than the frybread.  There were way too many refried beans on this thing and I think I got half of a head of lettuce on top of that.  I think there was chicken buried in there somewhere but it sure didn't taste like it.  There was absolutely no flavor to this thing which is impressive because the ingredients should have come together nicely (should have...but didn't).  I even tried to spice it up with the hot sauce they gave us and that had no flavor either.  My girlfriend didn't fare any better as her meal looked and tasted like a full can of refried beans and the other half of the head of lettuce that ended up on mine.Shortly after we had begun eating some guy came out from the kitchen and asked if everything was ok.  The way he asked it though indicated that he was trying to see if he had made it correctly rather than simply seeing if we were enjoying the meal.  It was so awful that I simply didn't have the heart to tell the kid that it was some of the worst food I have ever had.Please understand that I do not consider myself a food snob or anything like that.  This meal simply was poorly done and had zero taste to it.  I got through half of it and had to throw the rest away...and I hadn't eaten anything else all day so I was really hungry.  I also tried one of their house juice drinks that they had available.  The peach-melon sounded tasty.  It wasn't.  It tasted like drinking cantaloupe juice.If you are a frybread company then you should at least do the frybread really well and then build on top of that.  This place just didn't have it together I'm afraid.
4	My mom lives in Avondale, so I went here when I visited her. I ate here two Tuesdays in a row -- once for lunch and once for dinner, and the quality was consistently good.TASTE: DELICIOUS! I normally avoid fried food, but these frybreads did not feel heavy or overly greasy to me. For lunch, I had the chicken mojito frybread. They describe it on their website as "Grilled chicken in a lemon lime base sauce we call "Mojito" topped with cheese, lettuce & sour cream " I liked the sauce. It was not too much lime.For dinner, I had a combo (FB #1: 1 red chile, 1 green chile, 1 Arizona, & 1 bean and cheese... the Arizona has beans, cheese, ground beef, lettuce, tomatoes, & sour cream). I couldn't decide, so it was fun to get a variety of small frybreads. My preferences in descending order were: Arizona, green chile, bean and cheese, and red chile. I didn't like the red chile -- the texture of the sauce was weird to me. The flavor was decent, but the sauce was a bit thick or something. Let me emphasize that all of the other three in the combo were great, though! Yum!AFFORDABILITY: GREAT!The lunch portions are slightly smaller and are sold in combos with drinks. I thought that lunch was VERY affordable. (Chicken mojito (lunch size) and a drink for $5.75.) If I lived or worked near here, I would be here for lunch regularly!Dinner was more expensive, but my issue was with the price of the drink, not the price of the food. The soda was more than $2.00. Yes, there are free refills, but charging over $2 for a fountain drink is just too much. (Note: This is the reason why I did not give this establishment five stars.) If you are in Avondale, Goodyear, Tolleson, or Litchfield Park, you should check this place out! If you don't live on the southwest side, I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if you do drop by, you will not be disappointed.During lunchtime on a Tuesday, business seemed to be hopping. Dinner time was less busy on a Tuesday, but there was also a balance of people eating in and people taking out.
5	My memories of having frybread come from going to the New Mexico State Fair in Albuquerque every year as a kid.  On the 3 hour drive up from Las Cruces, my mouth would already be watering.  The perfect mix of chile colorado con carne, beans, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and salsa placed ever so tenderly on top of a delicious frybread.  Well, it was recreated when I took the first bite of my Buckeye Frybread. Red Chile AND green chile!  So flavorful and reminded me of home.I also have to add that their red salsa is almost...almost as good as my dad makes!I have no idea why it took me so long to get there...but I know it will be on our go-to place list from now on!  I will be spreading the word as well! What a hidden gem in Avondale!!!!
4	Best in the area.  All the variations were tasty! red chile, arizona, and chicken mojito.  Favorite is plain w honey.
1	We were turned away because they said they were backed up with orders.   We said we would wait and they said they aren't taking nore orders.
1	I hate giving bad reviews but I gave this place 2 tries and both times it was an epic fail.  The shop itself is poorly decorated and arranges, it doesn't strike you like they know what they are doing.  The first visit the owners were running the show and were amazingly rude to my 3 year old.  If I hadn't paid I would have left.   The second time we decided to try their meals and not just the dessert and the fry bread was not only a huge disappointment but I was sick to my stomach all night.  Service is slow and rude and the food makes you sick.... I'd pass on this one unless you want dessert because who can screw up putting sugar and honey on a flatbread?
5	Seriously good food! The fry bread is so good and not greasy! They serve up big portions so be prepared to eat!  I love that they have expanded their delivery area and I plan on using them a lot for this (especially since the guy who delivers is HOT!)
5	Visited Arizona and wanted Frybread. Stumbled upon this place. We ordered the Arizona. So yummy! Love how they have an explanation of the Yaqui flag.
5	Very tasty. Staff is very pleasant. Price is very reasonable. Lunch specials. We will definitely be coming back!
1	Me and my wife ate here because we love Indian fry bread. We ordered the little Vincie which is suppose to be steak and potato.  This was a BIG disappointment! The whole dish had no flavor and the steak pieces were about the size of a pea and hardly even but a few pieces of steak at that! And that is no exaggeration. We each order the little Vincie and a small soft drink and it cost 21.09! Way over priced for no flavor and no steak! We were still hungry when we left. We are so disappointed in the flavor and the quality of the food that we were compelled to write our first review. We will never go back to Arizona Frybread!R. Weiss
3	Just got back from this place. It's next to Del Taco in Avondale and easy to miss. 35.00 for 3 fry bread platters and chips, not the cheapest, but not the most expensive either. My wife had the steak & potato fry bread, which was LOADED with meat and fixins' and she loved every bite of it! Daughter had a lemony, zesty, chicken fry bread, that was amazing! The lemon and the cream was great together! I had the con carne, it was pretty darn good! It should have came with lettuce & other toppings, like the others, but to be fair, he warned me ahead of time that it was bread & chili. However, it was mad flavorful, and worth the trip. Best Part for me? Cinnamon iced tea! Yeah buddy! Big and clean on the inside, and the staff were generous, friendly, and talkative.
1	I was craving frybread for a few days and decided to stop here , it took me while to decide what to order but i ordered the buckeye i has green and red chili beans cheese lettuce sour creamI honestly like a supreme chalupa from taco bell better , the green chili tasted horrible they told me its the hottest thing they have but its nasty hot, and the red chili taste like the meat from a frozen microwave burrito And to top it off i had a stomach ache the rest of the day The people with me had a mojito and a arizonaAnd they weren't too hsppy with their food When we went there was a young guy and a lady working the lady was in a bad mood
