3	When we were there, a bunch of people were lined up outside showing off their Harleys. The bikes were shiny and kinda neat. They're not always there because during the nights when we've driven down the strip, there aren't any bikes in sight.The food is your usual Americana fare.... patty melts, burgers, that sort of thing.If you're into Harleys, it's cool to step inside. Otherwise, hmmm .... I dunno what to tell ya.
4	I was totally happy with my pulled pork sandwich, It was huge, filling and served as my breakfast and lunch. It was reasonably priced and I would go back again!
5	Great food!  Great menu with tons of selections!  Fast service!  And, a decent price.  I had the BBQ chicken sandwich, with fries and it was really good... very tasty!  The person I was with had chicken wings to die for!  And, the soda's are HUGE! :)I would definitely go here to eat again... fantastic BBQ'd food!!There is lots of free parking in the garage just behind the cafe.  And, in the next door over, to the right of the cafe entrance, there is a store with tons of Harley-Davidson Souveniers available.
3	Like a Hard Rock Cafe, but with motorcycles that float over your head.Nothin' but all-american comfort food here.  Nothing pretentious.  Get yourself a beer and a burger.  Or some mac and cheese.  I went for the Chicken Parmagiana.  I tried to eat it all but thought I was going to be ill.  PORTIONS ARE HUGE!  It's right on the strip.  Good place to grab a fun lunch, or celebrate a casual birthday.  People will come around and take pictures.  Be a rebel and take one on one of the harleys.
5	Great american BBQ. Roll up the sleeves, grab a drink and watch Vegas life as you eat some incredibly tasty food. Ribs and Chili are my favorite. If your really hungry get a mix platter, a little of everything. Every time I go to Vegas this is a first stop. Always starts Vegas off right, fill up on some nutrtious ribs for the next 4 days of drinking and partying cause the rest of the days your not even hungry! :) I love love love this cafe!
5	Normally I'd rate based only on wheelchair accessibility.  But what the heck, it's Vegas and for me, a tourist attraction.  Wheelchair accessibility sucks anywhere you're at, this place is no exception.ACCESSIBILITY REVIEWI remember coming here last August.  There were no signs of a wheelchair entrance, so I tried to get through the revolving door.  I got stuck and had to have help getting out.  Luckily, my wheels didn't break off.  I had a chat with the manager about that, and told him he needed some sign on there, indicating to go through the exit door or something.  He offered me a free dessert, but I was full after my dinner.  That's how I ended up getting in, and then out.  I didn't really pay too much to the restrooms, aside from just washing my hands from all the crap I picked up from pushing my wheelchair all over town.  I would assume just like any place though, the stalls absolutely suck and I'd have to lay on the floor to pull my damn pants up.  Seriously, if anyone can find any other creative ways of pulling their pants up, without standing up, do tell.If I remember correctly, the exit door is locked from the outside.  They need to unlock it somehow, or put some automatic door on it.  I'm not the only disabled person that travels alone.  I mean, I don't expect someone to follow me around and do everything for me but for god sakes, this place could at least help me out by giving me a better door entrance.  I can handle the rest.Had I rated this restaurant on accessibility, I'd give it an automatic fail, considering there were no wheelchair signs at the front of the restaurant.  Hopefully things have changed.  I'll check it out later this month when I got back.RESTAURANT REVIEWFirst of all, if there's a cheeseburger on the menu, I always get it.  The exception to that rule, is if a place is known for a certain item (i.e. steak, chicken, lobster, etc.).  I'm pretty picky about how I want my food cooked, unless it's a cheeseburger.  Long story short, figured I couldn't go wrong.  The server actually recommended it, too.  Having that said, I guess I had no choice, so I went for it.  Oh my Gosh...it was huge, and delicious!I'd also asked for a recommendation on what to drink, there.  I don't get out a lot, so I asked my server again for advice on this.  I was told to try a Sin City, which is a special Las Vegas brew beer.  If I remember correctly, it was a light colored beer and had a good taste to it.After eating and speaking to the manager about the whole wheelchair accessibility issue, I decided to explore around the restaurant.  Unfortunately, my memory is a bit fuzzy at this point, considering I went last August (see my review date).  What I do remember, are the motorcycles on the track around the inside of the restaurant, and just a whole lot of random pictures.All in all, this place is worth checking out.  I actually found it by accident, as I did with a lot of things.  My computer decide to go south on me a week before I left last time, so I didn't get much of an opportunity to do my research.  I'm glad I came here.  Hopefully, I also opened up the mind of the manager in terms of providing better wheelchair access.
5	i brought my grandma here for lunch one day, and i knew either way it was going to be a learning experience...and a great lunch it was. we sat right in dead-center of the lower level with all types of patrons surrounding us, some looking us like we were the odd couple. i ordered the spicy chicken sandwich, and i love spicy.. this sandwich was extremely satisfying!! with a side of onion rings.. i'm almost tempted to drive back to vegas to catch tomrrow's lunch.the service was great, and very welcoming. next time i'm in vegas i will DEFINITELY be here for lunch!!
3	3.5 starsGood burgers...had their special of the day which included 3 slider sized burgers with 3 different meats (pulled pork, chicken and sirloin) I enjoyed the pulled pork the most with the tangy bbq sauce on top. The decor is absolutely targeted to Harley lovers, very fun and patriotic. The fries were really good as well.
3	3 stars, but let me explain.A group of friends and I were in Vegas for New Year's and we decided to stop and eat a meal at the Harley Davidson Cafe.  The decor is kind of cool, and there's a place where you can sit on a Harley and have your picture taken.  Our experience was below average. Our waitress, Angel, had the personality and IQ of a wet napkin. She came by the table a total of maybe 3 times?  Once for the order, once because we called her over, and then once for the check. The food was actually really good, with the exception of the barbeque chicken sandwich, which was small but still tasty.  Their barbeque sauces were delicious!  The beer however, especially the Bud Light, was flat and tasted like it had been left out all night.  But those things will happen.I left my debit card at the restaurant and didn't realize it until I was already halfway down the strip in the other direction.  I called to see if I had left it at the table and our waitress said she hadn't seen anything.  I eventually went back in and asked the general manager if it had turned up.  He said he didn't think so, but he would check.  He definitely went above and beyond what I expected of him to check to see if my debit card was anywhere to be found.  Lo and behold, it was in the little black book that they use to present the bill.  Guess who left it there?  Me.  Guess who didn't notice that it was still there?  Angel.  Like I said...wet napkin.1 star if I was voting just based on the service.2 stars if I was voting based on the service and food.3 stars because of the general manager who made it his goal to find my card.Go there if you'd like, taste the barbeque sauce, but don't expect much for service.
2	Ate here with a group of 6, including Katie M.  See her review for more.Pros:Racktacular waitress.Great food at decent tourist prices.  Two chicken-fried steaks, plus mashed potatoes and green bean almondine for 15 bucks.  I couldn't even finish my plate, yet I helped myself to pulled pork, chicken fingers and BBQ chicken as well.Cons:Watered down beer.  Order bottles.Waitress that responds to "Spare ribs or chicken sandwich?" with a "Gee, I don't know." and then tacks on 17%.  Bitch, take a note from the waitresses at Hooters: pretend to care and you might have gotten 20% just for the tits and a smile.Another waitress that responded to a request to inform our server that she forgot the request red onions on one sandwich with a roll of her eyes.If the service here was as genuinely interested in creating a good experience as the manager on duty, this would have been a 4 or 5 star review.  It's really a shame that this gentleman and the kitchen staff are clearly the only competent ones in the building.
4	Sent to Las Vegas for work, so I was searching for more than the "normal" restaurant to have dinner tonight. Loved the outside and thought if the Hard Rock Chicago has good food I might as well try this place out! The outside has a bike blasting out of the top of the building with other bikes outside, once you get indoors it's like an old saloon feeling yet it has a massive wall of chain links (painted like the USA flag) and more bikes. I feel their TVs should be better and maybe a bit bigger, yet they aren't a sports bar so I understand why they don't have bigger and better TVs. The server was great, he came over right away to get my drink order and kept checking up on me. Overall what you really need in a server. The food was surprisingly good and big! I ordered the BBQ Chicken entree thinking it'd be a grilled breast...there was a lot on the menu so I didn't read the fine details. So I was pleasantly surprised when my dish contained a leg, thigh and breast that had a great tangy BBQ sauce and was still moist inside! The side dishes were mashed potatoes, mini corn on the cob, and coleslaw. I came in starving (having ate only at 6am Chicago time, and 10am Vegas time...it was now 8pm Vegas time), and I couldn't finish my dinner and had to doggie bag it!! That doesn't happen too often,
5	After waking up after a long night on the Strip we had to get some supplies for the Cardinals Super Bowl Game.  On the way back we were super hungry and ran into this place.  It was like 9:30 in the morning and we were looking for a place with great breakfast.This was the place.  The food was great, and even better they had $3 pints of beer!  Yes, I know it wasn't after 5pm but its Vegas who gives a crap.  This was a great place to start our Sunday morning.  Although too bad the Cardinals didn't win.So if you are ever walking down the strip hungry, stop by this Cafe you will be extremely happy you did.
1	Not even worth a full star actually. I LOVE bbq and this place says "Best BBQ in Las Vegas". So i checked out the reviews on Yelp. Everyone seemed to like it. FALSE. The BBQ here was horrible and SUPER expensive for what you get.  Saying that this place has the best BBQ is like comparing a frozen microwave burrito to a authentic taqueria's super burrito served with chips and salsa and a cold beer. GREAT now I wish I had that instead. DON'T EAT HERE!!!
2	Aside from the swinging 1 ton motorcycle that carousels over your head every 2 minutes and the the cheesy decor, they place would actually be ok.... The food is adequate enough sustaining life with a healthy helping of sauce on my pulled pork sandwich to get to the drinks, if you could order one. The staff seemed like they wanted to be helpful, but just didn't care. I don't know what it was. Anyhoo, if you like motorcycles and chicks in tight shirts... ride your harley to a Hooters. OOooorrr go here to the Harley-Davidson Cafe.enjoy,
1	WOW! What a horrible place. Don't ever have any kind of party there. Our daughter reacently had her wedding there.(3/28/09)The noise from down stairs overpowered the wedding. The food was almost an hour late, only two servers for almost 50 people.They allowed crashers to enter into our "Private Party" even with 2 men being paid to keep uninvited guest out. Paid for a bartender and full use of the bar, bartender was eager to serve the intruders. Then the final piece of disaster was they threw away the wedding cake after they picked off the motorcycle and van that was on it.. They told the couple that the night manager "accidently" took the die cast motorcycle home. It was on a huge cork board which was their gift from the groom's sister. Along with a card, which lit up and flashed. It is ironic that they knew enough to put the centerpiece items n a suitcase... Hummm?? They also stated that no one had given them any direction regarding the cake. It was a wedding cake after all and they did have cell phone numbers for bride and groom. They couldn't call them and ask before they threw it out? Just a horrible, horrible place. Then our daughter and her husband were to have recieved some complimentary items, per the contract, and did not get them. I am upset because the groom's sister made his cake. She spent hard earned money to make it special for him, and the cafe never asked about the cake, they just threw it away. They knew it was the wedding cake. they were in a hurry to set up for next party.  So don't do any business with them, Very, very unprofessional place. From our experience you would almost think this was the first time they had hosted a wedding but we know they do it at least every weekend as it took four dates in order for the bride and groom to find one that wasn't already booked.
3	I've eaten here several times as a tourist and as a local. The food is alright however, the coolest part is looking at the motorcycles overhead. If you go at Christmas they have a tree up and motorcycles don't revolve overhead so that takes the fun out of it. Most times I've had good service but not the last time just before Christmas 2008.
5	hella good!!!!!
2	There's free parking in the back which is a plus & with your receipt, you get 10% off any souvenirs in the upstairs gift store.  The food's ok but one of our group of 5 substituted the touted mac n cheese instead of fries but when his plate came, no mac n cheese.  The waitress dumbfoundedly stated what? no fries either? when it was brought to her attention!!
3	You know the food, service, staff, decor (filled with old school Harley's) and other motorcycle related paraphernalia is great. Matter of fact, its one the interesting I have ever seen. Heres where it losses 2 stars from me... my bill was about $50 for two peoples lunch. 4 hours later, I check my bank statement on my phone and it shows $61 was taken out. Wtf is that. Given I was in Vegas and it was way too far of a walk for me to haggle them about it. I let it go. Bit not before I got pissed about it. Next time. Pay cash. No tip! But Donnie, our server was very generous, brought extra stuff, made EXTRA strong drinks. Charged my camera battery which was on its last leg. Nice. Hmm maybe the extra cost was for the electricity that I used for my charger. Hmmm... If you go here... try their pasta with broccoli and make sure to order their "super tall" drink. I forgot the name but its like 5 feet tall and it will have you spinning. Cost: $35.00. Enjoy.
4	Our waitress Kristine was super nice and very friendly! When i asked her if the veggie burger was vegan she was very kind and understanding. she explained that it was not vegan and offered other suggestions. I ended up getting the veggie wrap without the spread because the spread was dairy. The wrap was okay... it was literally cooked veggies wrapped in a tortilla so it was a tad bland and i got bored of it really quickly but that was fine. I was just happy that they had a veggie option and knew what vegan meant. I thought the place had a fun atmosphere and the customer service was awesome. There was a man walking around taking pictures of people to buy as souvenirs and we ended up buying one because it looked cute.
3	I have to admit, I didn't want to go here for lunch but I was over ruled by the majority of coworkers.I must say that the food was good.  I got the Fajita's because I saw it on another table.  I was impressed with the quality of food.  I didn't hear any complaints from the coworkers.  I'd go here again for sure and I hate to eat on the strip.  It's also good for people watching.....
2	My other half, the garbage disposal, just had to have some great BBQ while in Vegas. Somehow, I just knew it wasn't gonna happen at HD on the strip. And I'm Vegan ... yeah, this wasn't pretty. My boyfriend said his BBQ sandwich was average. I was stuck ordering my third veggie burger and fries for the third day in a row. The waitress was really great about my dietary restrictions I thought at the time (now, I feel really unhappy after reading another Vegan review below - her waitress said the veggie burger did have dairy). The waitress told me the cook said the veggie burger had no dairy in it. They put the veggie burger on wheat bread. However, the veggie burger looked and tasted like no veggie burger I've ever seen or eaten. It was a thin pattie that looked and tasted exactly like a McDonald's or Burger King pattie - it's been three years since I ate meat, but I haven't forgotten the taste. I honestly believe this was a meat pattie because that's what it looked and tasted like. And if it was, that is so not right. After two bites, I was afraid to eat anymore for fear if it really was meat I would be physically ill. The waitress was accomodating and took it off the bill. Oh well, the fries were good. However, if this restaurant is going to offer vegetarian options, they really need to get knowledgable about those options.
4	They almost got 5 stars but they were a little pricey and the service was kinda slow even thought they weren't that busy. The food was increditable though, and they give you a lot for the money so it was sort of worth the price.  Good thing we had a gift certificate or I might had been a little upset paying that much. We had chips and salsa as an app which was pretty good. My husband had the t-bone, and 8 had the chicken veggie ceasar wrap. It was all good even the fries.  His ceasar salad was alsol grubbing and fresh.  We were so stuffed when we finished. It was a bummer we visited the day we were leaving Vegas because you can't bring left over to the airport.
4	Ate here twice because it was within walking distance of the hotel and because it was worth a second trip. Which says a lot in Vegas.Have the Huevos Rancheros.
4	The 3 hour time shift from Michigan to Nevada can hurt your sleep and more important breakfest.  After staying out all night and rolling out of bed after 12:00 Vegas time I want breakfast and most places we came across (we didn't look real hard) were on lunch , but not this place. I was concerned that I'd be getting Chili's food but not only did they have excellent breakfest options: Waffles, Huervo Ranchero, Country Fried Steaks and eggs, omlettes, what we ordered was really good and the view from the patio here is pretty amazing.  Its also nice too see that beer can go with breakfast.
4	Went to Vegas with a bunch of guys so of course they would want BBQ or burgers for brunch. I shared the wild hog with a friend and it was yummy. Nothing special but still very good. Ribs, pulled pork, bbq chicken, beans and slaw. Loves the slaw. I also got a orange juice tequila drink that came in a souvenir cup.
3	Went for lunch on Tuesday.  The chicken club sandwich is pretty standard fare, but I have to say it was tasty.  My travel companion enjoyed the buffalo shrimp appetizer and that looked very good.  Beer was cold and the waitress was. . .not cold at all!  I enjoyed looking at the bikes in the place, although some are kind of beat up.  The photos on the walls are worth climbing upstairs for.
2	I would not waste my time on this one again. Food was bleh, portions okay. Decor and memorabilia were just okay.
2	I wasnt a fan!+1 great deal for 1 appetizer + 2 entrees for  $30 +1 fast service-1 food wasnt all that great-1 our party of 10 was cramped into a small table and would hit elbows when we ate-1 service was messy. they didnt know whose food went where and would bring out appetizers teh same time as the entrees.
2	This place when I went had an offer of 1 appetizer with 2 entrees was 30 bucks. However my husband found it cheaper and plentiful food when you order Wild Hog platter. It comes with pulled pork, BBQ chicken, brisket, ribs, coleslaw, baked beans, cornbread and corn on the cob. Anyway the food came out barely warm and their claim is to the be the best BBQ. Nope! Not even close. Ohhh and I am huge brisket fan and this was tough and dry. The place was nice to look at inside where we sat. However for whatever reason our waitress ignored us a lot and hard to get refills.
4	We ended up here as a last resort on our first full day in Vegas.  We were up on the Strip and everything was really crowded, so we kept walking until we could find a place to get in for lunch.What a great choice!  The food was very good, while not the "Best BBQ" as touted, I found it was fully enjoyable.  We started with their buffalo shrimp appetizer, which I found to be much bigger and fresher than expected.  We got 12 large shrimp, not breaded or battered, in a nice buffao sauce.For entrees, we tried the slider combo plate (chicken, beef and pork).  It was good, with sweet potato fries on the side (which were totally yummy!)We were pleasantly surprised and would go back, given the opportunity.
4	Excellent pulled pork!!!  And damn fine chili!  We have at least one meal here on every visit to Vegas!
1	I'm not sure how good their burgers or pulled pork sandwiches are, but what I ordered was not good at all. I got the chicken ceasar salad wrap, which isn't difficult to make whatsoever..but they made it so wrong and distasteful I have to give this place a bad review. They put in carrots and zucchini and some odd sauce which definitely wasn't ceasar dressing in the wrap. It wasn't even busy when we came here and we barely got any service...the only thing I liked about this place was the french fries, which you really can't screw up so that's nothing to brag about.  I do not recommend this place to anyone unless you are a burger or other greasy sandwich lover.
4	I am not the kind of dude that wears Leather and rides a Hog. When it comes to food and a Fun environment, I can hang out with the "Harley Biker " crowd. Went to here to watch Game 7 of the NBA Championship and it was pretty busy. I felt like a light Appetizer like Wings and a few Brew-skies. The Wings were Med. and not that Hot, but a Good amount of Heat. Beer Domestic, but it was enough. Bartender was Super Friendly and the people were interesting to watch. I would of stayed for the whole game, but I got out voted to find a more Family Friendly restaurant. Good Service and Great food makes it 4 Stars for overall experience.
3	3.5 stars --I wouldn't list this place as one of my favorite restaurants, but it was alright for what it was. My friends and I came across the restaurant while walking down The Strip and working up an appetite. Mark S. and I shared the Salmon Teriyaki plate, which came with string beans and rice on the side. Honestly, the food was better than what I expected. I tried some of the Veggie Fajitas that my sister ordered, and that was pretty tasty, too. Overall, the food was alright, but just a bit expensive.What I really liked about this place was the decor which included displays of Harley-Davidson motorcycles swinging above our heads. Granted, I thought that the motorcycles could have, at any moment, fallen from their support ropes -- but all was good in the end.Come here if you're a fan of motorcycles and your typical American food fare. Not a bad place to bring the whole family. But, if you're looking for a chic and intimate setting, I'd suggest elsewhere.
1	I ate here 2 nights ago and it was the worst food I have had in as long as I can remember. I had the recommended Macaroni and cheese with a Harley twist and it's was disgusting. Mediocre service and mildly interesting atmosphere. There are much better options on the strip.
4	Went here on my last visit to Vegas.  My buddy is a big time Harley fan so we had to come here for lunch.  Glad we did because we had a great lunch.  First off the whole place is decked out of course in Harley bikes and anything Harley related.  There is also Harley bikes on a conveyor belt that go around the whole restaurant.  They almost seem to be floating as they go around.  The one thing that you have to keep in mind is that depending where you are sitting they could be going over your head from time to time.  At first we were a little concerned.  You could hear some creaking on the conveyor belt chains.  No worries though we didn't get a Harley caving into our heads.Next the food and drinks are awesome.  There is no such thing as small portions here.  Everything is big even the drinks.  As for the prices.  They are very reasonable.The food portions are not just big but what I ordered was delicious.  I had buffalo shrimp.  Never had it before but I will order it again and again.  They were great.  The nachos were covered with chili.  I have never been a big chili fan but this chili was different.  The chili had shredded beef on top.  Amazing.  The Harley Davidson Cafe has made a believer out of me.  Definitely a food stop the next time I am in town.  The place is great.
5	Best bloody mary I HAVE EVER HAD!!! It was super spicy- just the way I like it.  I had the western burger and OH. MY. GOD.  It was delicious!!!  My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it.  Half a pound of beef, super juicy and full of flavor.  Bacon, bbq sauce, cheese, can't remember if it was an onion ring or red onion (too many burgers eaten during this trip!).  The fries were crispy on the outside but mmmm.... melt in your mouth on the inside.  Got a side of bleu cheese for my fries and it was GOOD.  Lots of restaurants have watery bleu cheese.  But this was creamy and chunky.My hubby got a turkey sandwich tower thingy.  He didn't like it all too much.  Nothing special he said.  But I sure did enjoy my burger and drink.  Two thumbs WAAAYYY up!
3	Three words :  Beer.  Can.  Chicken.Quite possibly the best hangover dish ever.  Ever heard the saying, "Alcohol Cures Alcohol?"  Ok, maybe this wasn't the case exactly, but that chicken was DAMN good!  I ate it up!  And of course, washed it down with a pitcher of Blue Moon.  The Harley Davidson Cafe did me and my girls well!  The food was a lot better than I expected, despite the cheesy motorcycle coming out of the building in the front.  I thought, it was going to be crummy to tell you the truth.  But, this was not the case.  Everything was delicious!   Or it could be the fact that  we were starving since we only ate "Flamin' Hot Cheetos" for dinner the night before.  Either way it was a very satisfying meal.  The only thing I wouldn't suggest  at this place is to eat outside under the scorching Las Vegas sun!  I mean, they do have umbrellas that supply some sort of shade if their umbrellas actually DID work. Most of them kept tilting sideways, which was pretty annoying.
3	Didn't do our research ahead of time, but happened to walk by this place while we were pretty hungry. We waited about 10 minutes for a table (8pm). I ordered a chili burger and fries, which was good, not great. Overall, the service was good, food was okay.
4	Ok. I have given this 4 stars because of the BIG ASS American flag with the POW-MIS flag n themiddle. The food was pretty good, the spicy shrimp were really good. It is a pretty cool touristy spot as well.
4	It's been a while since I have been here, but this was always a favorite stop for my friends and I on our last day in Vegas. They have a gigantic Harley above the entrance and an even bigger American flag made out of chains inside. I also like the "railroad" thing they have going on with all of the Harleys on it. It's like a big Harley showroom on a conveyor belt. You can check out all of the Harleys as they move across the restaurant above you. (I'm hoping they still have all of this). One of the few places I've eaten at that has rock music blasting from it's speakers. They also have a lot of autographed gas tanks and motorcycle displays throughout the place.The food is pretty good and you get a lot of it. I usually get the roasted half-chicken with some mashed potatoes and corn. That's a lot of food! The service has always been great and I haven't had a bad meal there yet. This is a really cool place to hang out, especially if you like Harley Davidsons. I'd recommend it if you are looking for a fun place to eat in Vegas.
4	I am not sure why my wife and I decided to stop here a few years ago.  I mean are we really going to eat at the Harley Davidson Cafe while in Las Vegas.  We must have been really hungry.  I will tell you, we were shocked.  The food was outstanding.  Remembering our first experience, we tried it again the past week and again the experience was again very good. We started with the Santa Fe Egg Rolls which were just ok.  They wrappers were a bit generic although the stuffing tasted pretty good.   I had the steak fajitas for dinner and they were terrific...and the portion size was so huge, there was no way I could finish it.  My wife had the cajun pasta dish that she raved about.  Of course we split a side of their signature mac & cheese...the best mac & cheese I have ever had.I think we go outta there for under $80, which is pretty cheap for Las Vegas.  If you are looking for something better than a Nathans Hot Dog, but not as nice (ie. expensive) as some of the 5 star places around town, don't be afraid to give this place a try.  You will not be dissappointed.
2	OMG a huge Harley! And a Gigantic American Flag made of chains! Awesome! Yay! Fun! - For the first thirty minutes. The food is ... Meh.I've been here lots of times over the years, mainly because someone in my family is a "regular"...The Nachos were huge in portion yes, but lacking in cheese throughout... so really how can you enjoy nachos when all the cheese is gone. And that was just my most recent annoyance... it's the "chef's" lack of attention to consumption details like this that irritate me. This isn't a place for foodies, it's about the Harley... and all the Motorcycle decorations : )If you've ever envisioned yourself somewhere on a desert highway riding a Harley Davidson, your long blond hair flying in the wind, and being the "Unknown Legend" of your time, this restaurant won't necessarily help you live out that fantasy, but hey, maybe you'll lock eyes with a biker man and fall madly in love. Although this is more likely to happen at Hogs & Heifers. Anyway, back to the food, everything on the menu is quite filling and entirely edible. That's about it.
3	I had a $25 certificate from restaurant.com so we tried it out.  It was pretty good.  We both got ribs and they appeared to be cooked properly (not par boiled) and were very good.   The atmosphere was pretty cool and the service was fair.   It wasn't a place I needed to go to twice but we were not disappointed.
2	We were pressed for time so we stopped by here before heading out for the night. I asked the bartender for a Midori sour, and it just had way too much triple sec in it. It tasted almost salty with hardly any melon flavor. I'd imagine they don't get many requests for Midori sours at the Harley-Davidson Cafe, but still...The spinach dip had way too much cheese and little-to-no spinach. It was like spinach dip for people who don't like spinach. Disappointing. The fries were good though. Crunchy without that frozen or oily taste.Service was fast but pretty lackluster. Except for that guy singing "Stacy's Mom."
2	While I do give the place props for having an exceptionally hot staff, that's about as far as the compliments will go for this place.  I ordered the chicken club sandwich, and it was about the most uninspired meal I've ever eaten in Vegas (and we're talking about Vegas, here, people).  The fries were cold and the chicken tasted like it had been cooked in a microwave next to a wet sponge.  The service was sub-par, and the bathrooms were like the second ring of hell.  Stay thee away...
5	Harley Davidson Cafe, Macaroni and Cheese is the Best thing I've ever ate....OMGI wish i knew the recipe because I would make it and eat it all the time
3	The inner white-washed me loves this place. I've been here a few times, just to chill and grab a beer and some munchies either drunk in the middle of the day or drunk in the middle of the night, it serves its purpose. I recall making a really drunk, wait maybe more than one, calls from here while trying to down my x-number of beers / long islands. Food-wise it really isn't anything special, neither is the alcohol, but it's a means to an end, a means to get even more wasted. Oddly enough, I must say though that I always end up here at least once every Vegas trip.
4	Theme restaurant on the strip, I imagined high priced bland food with a lot of glitz. I was wrong! Yes there was glitz but having a Harley myself it was the type of stuff I was into. Next comes that part that usually loses me on these types of establishments, the food. It was very good. I had the HOG Sandwich which was pulled pork sandwich, fries and cole slaw. The meal was excellent and for 12.95, considering where I was it wasn't that bad. Lots of meat and a ton of fries. I would have liked more cole slaw other then the jello shot glass size they gave me. I gandered at the food that other tables ordered and the burgers looked just as good. The service was pretty good (LOL just a little bummed I didn't get one of the hot Harley Girls) but our waiter was very attentive. Just a tip buddy, when people order huge messy BBQ meals, please give them more then one napkin. I liked this place so much I contemplated going again on this same trip and definitely will go another time.
3	I came here bc I just landed in vegas and I was starving. Overall this place quenched my hunger but nothing to rave about. I had the sloppy joe burgers which taste like the manwich dinners you can make out of can. My friends had the onion burger and the salmon with cream corn, which were pretty good. Prices were decent - my sloppy joes plus drink came out to $22.This place has no happy hour specials which is sad bc most other places on the strip seem to have some kind of deal going on.
1	This place should not say that they have the best BBQ in Vegas.  That would mean that Vegas has the worst BBQ in the world.  To say you serve KC BBQ is a disgrace to Kansas City!  Stay in the motorcycle business and get out of the restaurant business as your execution is poor.  You are hurting your brand name!Do not eat here...there are too many good restaurants in this town to be ripped off from an upscale biker bar!How much for that?  When it tastes like ....!
3	The food is ok, the fries were over cooked and the burger was huge. I enjoyed the place except the gift shop girl ripped me off, i bought 46.05 of stuff but when I came home and checked my bamk account she had given herself more than 11.00 tip. not happy about that. i would never go back to this place.
1	First ate here in 2005. The food was delicious. The service was never impressive. We have come back a few times willing to forsake the bad service for great food. But now, there is neither. Bad food and lousy service. Eating here today, we were very disappointed.We had a chicken finger appetizer. The chicken was rubbery and tasted like it was fried in bad oil, tasting a little fishy. My girlfriend at the Hog Sandwich. The pulled pork tasted processed and like it was cooked in the microwave. I had the half-rack of ribs. I used to love these ribs. Today, they were very fatty with little flavor. i don't think the word barbecue could be used to describe any of these dishes.
5	wen to Vegas on a budget, stop here because the guy in front gave us a 10% off coupon...WOW!!! Glad we did.. The waiter was outstanding Jeremy....you are probably one of the best waiters we have ever had,....correct that......you are the best waiter we have ever had!!!  The food was excellent.. we had the onion rings, which are addictive, the fajitas were so massive, we actually took it back to the RV and had fajita omelets the next morning!!!!   Again service was outstanding, food was perfect for the price.....definitely worth the money!!
4	After walking and walking and walking up one side of the strip and down the other, I was ready to kill my mom if we didn't find someplace to eat. And then we saw the Harley sticking out of the facade. I was sooooo tempted to try the ribs and a gentleman at the next table over had the chili which smelled amazing, but knowing that I had to walk some more, I chose a little lighter. My mom got the Asian Chicken Salad and loved it. I tried the Chipotle Chicken sandwich and it was good. If you can, sit outside, which is fun for people watching and since Las Vegas is hot (or at least I thought so) in the middle of January, the sun and light breeze will cool you off after all that walking. But try and get a table away from the host/waiter area. I didn't really love hearing them talk about tables to clean or who needed to do what.
3	I came here with my brother because we didn't want to wait for the other restaurants we tried eating at.  The decor was all Harley-Davidson motorcycle-related stuff (thus the name) and you'll see motorcycles hanging on a track that moves around the room in front of the US flag made entirely of chains.  That reminds me.... I noticed the motorcycles were wobbling on the track as it rose to the ceiling.  It almost looked as if it would fall off the track.I ordered a BBQ Brisket sandwich ($13.25) and a Guinness ($5.50).  My brother ordered the New York Sirloin Steak ($22.90) and a Malibu Low Rider ($11.50) which also came with a souvenir glass cup.  We were hungry so we also ordered Chili Fries ($6.95) and added cheddar cheese ($1.25 additional for any choice of cheese).  It didn't take long before our drinks and Chili Fries arrived. The Chili Fries were pretty good and I'm not sure if that's just my hunger speaking at the time.  Our orders came out shortly after and I had a different expectation about the BBQ.  Have you ever had that feeling when you had expected something to be one way but it wasn't and that totally disappointed you?  That's how I felt about the BBQ sauce.  Sure, the picture I will post makes it look really good but I didn't think it was good.  It's okay at best.  My brother's steak also dried up and it was hard for him to finish it because of that.Our waitress was nice and checked up on us from time to time.  I would have to say if you are hungry and had no other place to go, then come here to eat.
4	We were actually pretty impressed with their food. It wasnt bad, priced decent, and the decors in there were pretty impressive. The nachos were HUGE, and the sandwitches were pretty decent. I'd come here again.
1	Seriously, don't come here for the food.  The decor and atmosphere, yes.  But not for the food.  I made the mistake of ordering chili with my fries.  I shudder to think of what type of meat was in the chili.  Goosebumps are appearing on my skin as I'm remembering it.  They say they have great BBQ.  Really???  No one from Kansas City would agreed with this.   I love food and my standards are low.  But even this was below it.
4	Harley-Davidson Cafe was the surprise win for vegan food in Las Vegas.  I had the veggie fajitas.  It was a good mix of veggies: summer squash, carrots, broccoli, mushrooms, onions.  Served with flour tortillas, diced tomatoes, black beans, lettuce, salsa, and guacamole.  Because I asked to leave off the cheese and sour cream, the waiter actually asked me if I'd like to substitute anything else.   I cannot recall any restaurant ever actually offering to do this!  I got extra guacamole, because I love it.  My friend who was with me got the veggie burger and fries, which she thought was good.  I did not inquire about the vegan-ness of the veggie burger.
4	We quite enjoyed our dinner here tonight.  Our server was Gabe and he was very mellow, but totally on his game.  Very nice combination for a server.  We ordered the potato skins for an appetizer and then I ordered thge Georgia something chicken salad, my oldest daughter ordered chidken wings and my youngest and had the slider trio.  Serving sizes were generous, too generous as a matter of fact as no one of us finished our meal.  Food was respectable.  Ones of the main things I didn't care for though was the quality of the patio funiture.  It reminded me of the plastic chairs you can get from home depot.All in all our experience was good.  I did buy a $25 restaurant.com certificate that we used which took the bill down to $48 with tip including the appetizer we shared and an entree for each of us (no alcohol).  Not bad at all as we were literally sitting on the strip.
3	The Good:- The frozen drinks are tasty, cheap, and you get to keep the souvenir hurricane glass.- The waitresses show generous amounts of their abundant cleavage- The decor is pretty cool, especially if you like Harleys and AmericanaThe Bad:- If this is the best BBQ in Vegas... I could never live here.- The two BBQ sauces both taste the exact same: corn syrup flavored- The mens urinal was flooding onto the floor like a Vegas fountain- Huge bikes floating and rocking over your head are kinda scary
5	Oh My Gosh. We came here as a last resort- BEST last resort ever!!! I got grilled chicken, mashed potatoes, wedge cut fries, corn on the cob, and corn bread. And let me tell you I MADE myself try to finish all of it. Huge servings and we sat at the bar because of the long wait for the tables, so I can't describe the ambiance. We had a lot of fun at the bar because there was a bridal party, and by bridal I mean both bride and groom getting drunk with their parties. It was crazy fun! And our bartender was so helpful since it was my friends' and I's first time here, he was patient and helped us in what we thought sounded good and gave his two cents. I can't wait to go back to Vegas in the summer and this is top on my list for lunch/dinner places. Outside there's even a Harley so all the tourists can sit on it and snap some shots. HIGHLY recommended.
2	Harleys are bad-ass, shoot! i want to own one when i get older. This place? Harleys are everywhere! even while you eat! but does this place reign king for the Best BBQ in Vegas?! I beg to differ....reason:The BBQ ribs! As soon as we got our order of their ribs, just by looking at them it looked cheap/generic. Really? well the ribs were bland, poor rub, dry, the bbq sauce will just be coating on them, don't expect gourmet or anything special,  your taste buds won't get excited that's for sure. Ive been to many BBQ joints some are good,some are great and now this one Meh?! I knew what i was getting into before eatting them, the ribs looked dried up straight/lined hard and was covered with bbq sauce to conceal a mediocre slab maybe? I don't know? but i was very disappointed, I even tried adding extra bbq sauce to make it taste better but that did not helped at all, it'll do no good when the meat is dry.Our server was another thing, all she did was took our order and served our order and left us hung to dry like dry Harley Davidson BBQ, so our water glasses were never refilled our entire time there. The photo guy came to our table more than the server did, and his job was just to take pictures not to follow-up how were doing? and we had to tell him we wanted to checkout and now came our server, bizzare!I think motorcycles needs to separate away from food and vice-versa.Yes Harleys are cool, there are Harelys rotating around above your head while your eatting cool? This joint dubbed Resturant/Museum? Keep it as a Museum only! This place is getting old quick, they need to do away BBQ get on one of those Harleys, and ride the sunset.
3	Definitely a place to go to avoid over paying for food...The Harley Davidson cafe is...exactly as the name says, Harley Davidson through and through. A giant chain American Flag serves as the back drop for this American restaurant. Harley Davidson memorabilia all throughout the restaurant gives anyone ADD because you'll keep staring at everything here ahaha.The prices are moderate, in the $10 - $25 range so it's not jacked up like everything else in Vegas where you'll pay $10 just for a hot dog and fries. "The Best BBQ in Vegas" is what  they boast and at least for me, live up to the billing. I got the "Wild Hog BBQ Plate" which is a plate featuring the different meats in BBQ.The pulled pork, ribs and chicken were all very tender. The ribs fell off the bone with a nice rub crust over the rib giving it a multi-dimension in flavor and texture. Chicken was very juicy and not dry like most places serve "bbq chicken."3 Stars because the food isn't the most spectacular or complex but it isn't bad either. So if you're looking for a place in Vegas that's not a buffet, come here, it's worth it
4	As avid Harley fans, we figured this was a great place for dinner after driving all day. Despite the disorganized host staff, the rest of the meal was great. Tall beers come with a take-home glass that is pre-wrapped and bagged for you, the meals came out fast, and neither of us were able to finish due to the large portionsPrice was $65 (pre-tip) for two beers, 1x App, and 2x entrees.
3	I had a $75 gift certificate to use. I never ever considered eating here before getting the certificate.  There are so many other options around the strip and definitely better BBQ elsewhere in LV. So I went in with zero expectations and left feeling A-OK *** Did a 10pm dinner so it wasn't so busy but the atmosphere was all red blooded American. The whole thing with the Harley's being on a motion display around the restaurant was neat and Guns N' Roses blaring from the speakers. All good for tourists and Harley aficionados. My buddy and I both got the chicken and rib combo for $20.95 and 2 Sam Adams in the souvenir glass at $13 a pop. The chicken was pretty good..its hard to screw up. The ribs were just OK. Famous Dave's and Dickey's both do em better but they weren't bad at all here.  $71 after all was said and done so we threw in another $10 to fill in the rest of the tip.  We were full and pretty satisfied.
4	Listen, they have shiny, Harley-Davidson motorcycles on a platform suspended midair by a moving chain going throughout the interior of the restaurant while you enjoy your meal. Sounds epic and was epic.The patriotic and rebellious atmosphere of this restaurant is just too cool. I really dig it and makes my inner rebel want to buy one of those hot rods and be so bad ass. Oh my, can you picture me like that?But anyways, the food is good but nothing spectacular. It is the atmosphere that is the real winner here. I love going here because of the spirit and you should too!Recommendation(s): Beer can chicken
4	I had a $50 off coupon ( If I spent $100 ). My expectations were minimal, but I enjoyed everything. Four of us split the appetizer sampler... which was really good. Brother-in-law ordered the mac and cheese and the portion size could have fed the four of us. I was unable to finish my entire burger; not due to lack of quality. Service was good, but it was not very busy.  In the end we had no problem going over $100, but I also left with 4 collector glasses. Would definitley go next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Best Cali Burger ever.  Actually, best burger I've had in a while.  Atmosphere is engaging, museum is interesting, music isn't too loud, drinks didn't taste watered down.  I was there with a great group of people and that made it even better.
2	I got suckered in by the sign outside that says "The best BBQ in Vegas".I ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich which was Meh. My wife gave me half of her ribs (appetizer) and I promptly returned them back to her after one bite. Probably the worst ribs I have ever tasted. The best part about this place was at least the beer was cold and the server did her job. I won't be returning to this place on my subsequent Las Vegas excursions.
2	I really wasn't impressed with the Cafe. The service was pretty good and we got a table right away. The decorations were pretty cool- the conveyor belt of Harleys was fun to watch. I ordered a wrap, but it was just ok, nothing special.
2	The food is alright.  It's kind of overpriced and the quality sucks.  I've been here once before, I don't know why I came back.  Yes I do!  A friend mozied on in and the group just followed...I got the breakfast burritos.  The portion size was so tiny, a major disappointment on my end.  Beans sucked, pinto beans always sucks.  I forgot the other side that came with it, I thnk it was fries...I love fries! Except sweet potato.  Those should be banned from restaurants unless they're not in the form of fries...
4	For a place that's totally gimicky, the food was pretty good. Ribs were very tender & even the app was a large portion. I however, was a little freaked out by the fact that the only booths were directly underneath the track, from which there were actual motorcycles hanging. Very cool, but Im not sure how safe. I think I would rather have a table, thanks. There is always parking though.
4	Normally these strip places suck but this was a nice surprise. Great buffalo shrimp and a good burger. Had the massive whatever its called burger and I say its pretty good but u can tell the food overall is solid. Now for me.. the bar.. the important part of any establishment and it was decent. Good solid pours of booze and a very attentive waitress. So I will go back to find that perfect burger!
4	(Very) large portions, nice BBQ and cool atmosphere with all those bikes flying around the restaurant. The crowd is an interesting  combination of tourists and bikers.The ribs are not that great and were a bit dry.
4	This was the first place my friends and I ate at when we were in Vegas last month. I'd honestly never heard of it, but one of my friends suggested it, and I'm actually glad he did. I thought it was cool how they had an actual Harley in the corner (you could actually take pix on it), and another Harley sorta hovering in the air on the other side of the restaurant. I was super-hungry and I wasn't feeling "bad to the bone", so no, I didn't take a pic in front of that Harley. I ordered the southern fried chicken plate, and as one of the other reviewers noted, they really do give large portions. When I saw how much food was on my plate, I was almost overwhelmed, but in a good way. The fried chicken was pretty good, and I did like the mac & cheese that came with it. Our server was a pretty cool dude...I think his name was Andrew? He did a good job of checking up on us frequently and making sure everything was fine. I'd definitely check this place out again on my next trip to Vegas.
1	We got a coupon/gift certificate for this place from restaurant.com. We were seated promptly and drinks ordered. HOWEVER, after the waitress took our order it took 40 minutes to get our food. This was ridiculous. Our waitress tried to act tough and kept saying she was demanding the cooks get our food in "10 minutes" - we noticed other people who came in after us got their food before us! The food itself was good, I got the hog sandwich and my boyfriend got the trio sliders - both very good and good portions. However, due to the slow service we will not try this place again.
3	"The Best BBQ In Vegas"?  Hmmm.I didn't know what to get, so I got the big biker BBQ plate.  They weren't lying...it was HUGE.  Chicken, ribs, pulled pork and brisket (as well as a choice of three sides).  Don't forget to ask for free biscuits before your meal, they were really good.  Of all the meats, the chicken was very dry, the ribs were kind of ordinary and the brisket was tough...the best thing on the plate was the pulled pork, so I definitely say go for that if you're in a BBQ mood.
3	I was going to look at the menu online to remember what I had so I could write this review and realized that since I couldn't remember it, it perfectly summed up our experience. It is typical chain restaurant food. It wasn't memorable, it certainly wasn't bad, but as with all chains no risks are taken with taste so it's kind of hard to screw it up to badly. I did have a $10 restaurant.com coupon I purchased for $1.50 so I had no real complaints.
3	i went there because it says "the best bbq in Las Vegas". and I learnt a lesson, do not believe the sign says "the best"... at least i had better experience with the place didnt say they are the best. too much salt...
1	Maybe I was spoiled from eating at Phils BBQ (and I mean Phils in their original location in Mission Hills where the wait was always over 1 1/2 hours...before they expanded to Sports Arena and one other location)Or maybe Lucilles was a winning restaurant compared to here/Whatever it was....please take down your sign! You are NOT the best BBQ in Las Vegas. Some buffets offered better bbq then this!I didnt think this was that great...or great at all. The food was poor...I think Chef Robert Irvine should come help them make real food and showcase that in Restaurant Impossible, cause this place didnt not taste good. Service was good, the hostesses and waitresses were on point...just not the food. What a waste of space on the strip.
4	We had beers and appetizers here.  It's a nice bar with lots of TV to watch the NFL playoffs.  The decor is also very nice and fun to be in.
5	Great place to hang out with family or friends. I've been coming here since 2000 and have spent a lot of time here. BBQ is good and the NY Steak is great. Lots of cool bikes to see and a US flag that is huge and made out of chain. The bar tenders are cool and drinks made perfectly and the beer ice cold.
4	When ever we go to vegas we always come here for the Mac and cheese its really good...we went there last weekend for my sisters 21st and the staff was amazing the lady that was taking  our order was great&friendly she gave my sister a free shot and she got to keep the shot glass which was really nice food was good and the serving sive is big... we will be going back oya The frozen drinks are good cheap, and you get to keep the souvenir hurricane glassand if you want they take your pic and they show it on the tv it was really cute
3	Me and my guest went to try this place because of the deal they had posted in the front of the place. You got like two entrees for one small price. Busy place being on the strip of course, and prices are medium. When you sit in one of the booths in the back, they have motorcycles slowly go pass your head above you. Little eerie lol. The server didn't hoover, and gave us great service. We could only get a few choices of entrees for the special. It was something simple like a burger. It was good.
3	We went in for the 2 for 35 special of BBQ plus an appetizer.  If you are looking for bbq fresh off the grill then don't come here.  Everything was premade and when we got a portion of our food half of it was cold.  It was fast service but it comes at the expense of your chicken sitting around for hours.  Service was good.
2	The food is pretty BLAH! Rather eat at Subway or Micky D'z
2	i had high expectations, but was disappointed by a waiter ( with no personality) and meat that was really dry. We had ordered chili fries which were also underwhelming in terms of flavor. The french fry: chili ratio was also pretty weak.  Enjoyed reading all of the signage and would only return for the museum experience...not the food.
4	This place had great food and great service, and I'm not even a motorcycle fan. Compared to all of the other mediocre restaurants I ate at in Vegas, this place had surprisingly good food. While it's nothing to write home about, it is still very good and has great sized portions. Aside from that, the prices are cheap and the service is good.I would definitely go back and recommend this place to anyone looking for a cheap meal with good food.
4	Came here for breakfast fare to skip the long lines at Denny's and had the Harley combo with french toast, sausage and eggs.  we're glad to see there was no line and were seated promptly and had our standard fare served relatively quickly.  I'd come here again for bfast if i didnt want to wait for a seat at Denny's!
4	Certainly nothing bad to say about this place... Served us some quality burgers, served us quickly, and served us with a smile! Nice location outdoors by the strip, we never stepped inside though so can't comment on the interior. The one downside was the ridiculously bright sign on the side of Planet Hollywood directly facing us and flashing distractingly. I had my back to it though so the gf was the one getting an eyeful...
1	Waitress STOLE my PHONE. I went there with my father. we sit at garden so it is not so loud and crowded. I have ordered a BBQ bowl. my father ate t-bone steak. and we drink beer. meal was like 3/5 I finished my plate and took a photo of my father with harley davidson sign. then waitress came and asked me if I have finished or not, and took my plate. while taking my plate he lowered the plate and asked me to put sauce plate into my meal plate and at that moment she stole my phone. after seconds I've realized that my phone was gone but she was nowhere. after like 2-3 minutes she came and she OF COURSE knows nothing. and they dont have cameras outside. in seconds my phone was gone and only waitress came to our table. I have told this incident to everybody in the place even to manager but they only searched trash. in total I have paid 102$ bill. If this happened at any other restaurant in this level, they will probably find my phone but if not they will not ask for money.  just DONT GO THIS PLACE...
2	I had lunch here today with family from out of state.... They had a friend with them that is a big Harley Davidson Fan..  The restaurant is decked out in Harley D,,, well duh,,, but its nice,,, they have motorcycles on lifts that continuously circle the whole restaurant...  They are the previous yr's model that are for sale, so 2011 are in there now but will change in june..  Whats with all these chain place, like Planet hollywood, Chili's, Outback etc... All the food at these places taste the same regardless of where you go... GHAK... I ordered the BBQ plate for 2, included one free starter which we got the spinach/artichoke dip,,, ehhhhh marginal at best... the plate included  pork ribs, bbq chicken, smoked sausages, pulled pork, and i think beef brisket with corn on cob and 2 sides.. served family style...Sausage-  pffffft,, spicy but not very goodRibs- were decent,, on par with ribs at fridays, chillis, etcPulled Pork-  decent nothing to write home aboutchicken-  best meat on the plate, juicy tender but still ehhhhbrisket- total fail if it was brisket/ tasted different than the pulled pork so i dont knowOther plates at the table were aburger--- ehhhh french toast- looked good,turkey wrap- nice sized, but who messes up a wrap..All in all,, decent place to go if you have guests in town and want to see another typical Theme restaurant and in the immediate area, buy a drink skip the food....  Hope this yelps.PS... they added a 17% gratuity automatically,,, i thought this was odd especially when it was just 4 adults and 2 kids one being 16months.... didnt notice till i looked at it outside... i figured,, the waiter made 32% gratuity on us..  Also, to park behind the place is 10 bucks, but they will credit you 10 bucks with your parking tix...
1	This review is in reference to the booth this cafe hosts just inside its entrance. I won't be setting foot in this place again as long as it's there. The booth belongs to a realty company. The salesmen lure you into the Harley Davidson cafe and to their booth with a sign outside advertising discounted show tickets. It turns out that to get the tickets, you have to go on a tour and hear a long sales pitch for a timeshare. My husband and I were interested in the tickets, and mildly interested in hearing the sales pitch, so we signed up, giving the salesman a $20 deposit to hold our place. The salesman guaranteed that we would be refunded the money even if we changed our minds about going on the tour.Afterward, though, we decided it wasn't a good use of our limited time in Vegas, and neither of us really felt good about the salesman -- he smelled of alcohol at 10am and was inconsistent about how long the tour was going to take (as much as two hours plus travel, according to the receipt we were given, although he insisted it would take only an hour, or maybe 90 minutes...). While we were standing outside making this decision, we got briefly hassled by a weird older man who spat on the ground near where we were standing, but we didn't think much of it. My husband decided to go back by himself to get the refund while I watched from a distance, since the salesman had been giving us the hard sell and my husband anticipated having to argue with him. First the salesman tried to send him to New York New York for the refund, and when my husband continued to insist that he get the money back from the salesman, the salesman became increasingly upset and agitated, then suddenly threatening. Before long, a police officer had come over to supervise the situation, and another employee from the realty company appeared and tried to talk the salesman down: "Don't do this, man, just give him back the money." While all this was happening, the weird older man walked by me again and yelled something threatening at me about "your (racial slur) friend" -- which totally bewildered me until we realized later that he was referring to the salesman. I guess he thought we knew him. At length, the salesman finished yelling and swearing and threw the money in the street, so we did get our refund! Suffice it to say, though, that the whole thing left a bad taste in our mouths. I think we'll be avoiding that corner of the Strip for the rest of this trip. I can't imagine why the Harley Davidson cafe is allowing such a shady business access to its customers.
1	I just finished eating at your Las Vegas location and wanting to make u aware that your booths are filthy w black tar/soot/grease which stained both my an my husbands pants. I informed the manager and he said get them dry cleaned and bring me the bill. I am in Vegas for a wedding not to run around trying to take care of dry cleaning and making sure I get compensated for my husbands $65 shorts and my designer capris.. My salad was drenched in vinegar which I am allergic to so I couldn't eat my meal and my husbands beer was flat. The manager came across as we were bothering him (it took him 10 min to come to our table) nor did he offer to comp anything, so in essence we paid $50 to sit and get our pants stained.  30 min after the meal my husband was in the bathroom getting sick from the lovely dried out sliders he ate
3	Got the 2 for $30 -$35 deal or so i forgotIt comes with an appetizer and two full mealI went for chilli cheese fries Steak, mash potatoes. and friesSteak, veggies, baked potatoesAnd seperate order ofHalf chicken comes with veggies, fries and corn Food was alright!!! The chilli cheese fries was good though.Usually when i dine in at american places i  hope they serve strawberry lemonade , unlucky for me they didnt ;(Our total was around $ 65 or so with two drinksOur server was friendly until we left her a $16 tips and she seems unhappy and gave us attitude towards the end. i THOUGHT 16 DOLLARS WAS GOOD, but not to her!!!! a party of 3 and 16 dollar is quite good ...people these days can be soooo greedy.  also, we didnt bother her at all not like we made her go refill for us and stuff
4	The foods not bad. And not too expensive (by vegas standards).I really try to stay away from tourist traps and eateries.  But we ended up here somehow. I ordered the chicken club....  It's served on texas toast.  with fresh tomatoe, lettuce and delicious bacon.  A chipotle sauce over a perfectly charred boneless breast filet.  I was impressed.I also had this eggroll with avocado.  don't know what its called but it was stellar.It wasn't bad and the staff was courteous.  I would return.
5	-good food-nice environment -good service-good price- people on yelp need to stop witting 5 page essays about their experiences Just get to the god damn main points .no one cares about your life
4	We are originally from Quebec, Canada, on vacation for a few days. The only restaurant we could find open after 10PM and were sweetly surprised. Janine, our waitress was charming. The decor is fantastic !!! The food was allright, I had a big salad and the man got a steak. Not as good as we would have expected, but it filled our stomach. Also, the price was not bad. Would definately return !
4	I've been to Vegas many times but never to Harley-Davidson...until this weekend. I must say, I am definitely a fan! Everyone in my party raved about their mac n' cheese so of course, I have to order it! It definitely lived up to the hype...OMG! SO good! I loved the motorcycle displays and staff was really attentive/friendly.I would recommend for a cool/laid back place to eat on the strip!
1	Yuck! We order there hot wings with ranch. They were so bad. I swear to you they microwaved them. We had to pick parts of the meat off the wing that were so hard you couldn't eat. There ranch was like hidden valley you get from the bottle. Our waiter told us they were know for there Barbecue so I got the pork sandwich. The meat was a good portion I must say. The pork tasted  bland. There was hardly any barbecue sauce. It was just the meat and two dry buns. My wife got the chicken sandwich, said it was good but would rather have a chicken club from Carl's Jrs. The place it's self was cool lots of nice bikes. Were we sat thought with the bikes going on a rail going over our heads was a bit loud but cool.
3	I'm more or less writing this review for my husband. I found the atmosphere to be great and my meal was very delicious, however he ordered the chicken wings and was not happy. He found them to have no heat and no flavor and was overall disappointed. Perhaps wings just aren't their strong suite ....
3	The cafe is located next to Planet Hollywood. It's a fun themed restaurant with great food. The decor is awesome, real Harleys are on display in a conveyer belt - pretty cool. The food is tasty. We had the Mac and Cheese - you can feel your arteries hardening! and Pulled Pork Sandwich - just the right amount of BBQ sauce and a great bun. The fries are just okay. My friend ordered the bloody mary. It was not impressive, it was clearly a mix.Service was okay, they were friendly but there were times we couldn't find our waiter but others helped us.They have outdoor seating
4	Food is good, atmosphere is great.  We enjoyed the ribs and chicken.
1	Horrible, over priced, worse than Dennys in terms of quality- and they tacked on a to-tax and mandatory tip for a sandwich to go!!! Beware!
1	I order breakfast and it was not very impressive at all.   You know it's bad when the eggs have no taste and served cold.  Not to mention there were flies everywhere.  I will not eat here again and I don't recommend it.
3	2 things were very surprising at the Harley-Davidson Cafe on the Strip:1. Veggie Stuff! they have a veggie burger and a wrap - the burger was just okay, but I was impressed they had one..not an easy find on the Strip2. Great Service - the hostess, the waiter, everyone in the place was just excellentLastly, it was THE cheapest meal I had in Vegas. No booze, but my wife and I got out of there for $25.
2	We got the appetizer + steak/shrimp for $35. It was the worst steak I've ever been served by a restaurant. Very chewy and overcooked. The rest of the food was mediocre, as was the service. Wish we'd dined elsewhere.
2	As a BBQ enthusiast I always rolled my eyes at that "The Best BBQ in Vegas" sign knowing good and well some commercialized tourist trap place right on the strip couldnt possibly have great bbq.  But on one Vegas trip a friend of mine just had to learn the hard way despite my insistence not to go there.  I went along only ordering a side of fries.  I tried one of his ribs and ofcourse nothing note worthy at all.
1	We were in town for the NASCAR races from California meeting up with friends from Idaho and Washington who are Harley fans who wanted to go here. I found a Restaurant.com coupon for $75 off a bill of $150 thought it would be great since there was 8 of us! Food was ok and our waitress Angel was nice. We had a nice time until our bill came after the $75 off and the $20 credit for parking the bill still came to $207 we said that there must be a mistake then we were informed that any alcoholic drinks served in their glasses we also paid for and could take them home!!!We said but we don;t want them can't you take them off the bill? "No, that is the way they are priced. Never once were we told about this and since I didn't order alcohol I didn't pay much attention except that I do remember there was NO pricing on the page of drinks. I was so mad but our friends didn't want me to get upset and we were headed for a show and would have been late.We tried to return the glass that they bought in the gift shop while we were waiting for our food but they said no refunds just exchanges!!Is business so bad that they have to make their money on charging people who drink alcohol for the glasses without informing them up front? Now that I think about it my husband had ordered their largest beer and the waitress came back and informed him that there was a problem with those glasses and she could give him the next size smaller which happened to be the same size that they sell in their gift shop!!!!THIS PLACE IS A RIP OFF YOU HAVE NOW BEEN WARNED!!!!!!
4	Nice watering hole right in the middle of the strip.... Bartender was very hospitable and actually the while place was very welcoming. Nice wings and buffalo shrimp,  nice range of entree choices, american diner choices, will definitely go back !!!
1	Gross  Gross  Gross.   Met my family in Vegas for this past weekend.  Being from LA, and having been to Vegas on many occasions, my East Coast based family relied on me to bring them somewhere fun to eat.  Now these folks are not a Prime or Gordon Ramsay's Steak or Tao kind of folks.  And the Vegas strip was packed (guess Vegas is back).  Now, should have been a hint when even Daquiri Bar was packed, but this place was pretty wide open.  Everyone ordered the "Best BBQ in Vegas"  Well I sure hope not.  Gross.  Pulled pork sandwich.  Gross  Obviously from a plastic container   No way smoked in house.  Nephew got the ribs.  Gross.   Pretty much the opposite of fall off the bone.  And to add insult to the pricey grossness, the family fought for the bathroom the rest of the night.  Again,  Gross.  If this is what a one star is, then i need to go and re adjust the few one stars I've given, because no place I've been to have been this, well, Gross.  Stay away.  Go to a food cart before you go here.  Used to be good. Now, well, food quality has completely disappeared, the place is not clean, and you WILL get food poisoning and instead of enjoying the sights of Vegas that night, you will have the pleasure of enjoying the sights of the inside of your bathroom.  Gross.
3	Typical bar food, with not typical bar prices.  I know its Vegas and most things are on the pricey side, but yikes $50 for lunch that was a Caesar wrap and a burger with no alcohol??  My bank account was not so thrilled.  If it was $50 and out-of-this-world tasty, I'd be ok spending that much.Waitress was super nice and had this lad back appeal to her, I appreciate when a waiter doesn't put on some "OHMYGOD" type of show and is just themselves and nice and not pushy. It is definitely in a good spot on the strip, right in the middle.
4	Burgers were good. It's Vegas so the price isn't cheap. I would eat here again. I was shocked it was that good. Service was good. It cost about $10 less the BurGR. My burger was perfect. wasnt burnt.
5	In our trips to Vegas we always make time to have a meal at Harley Davidson. We usually go for the ribs, which are heavenly. Some of the best ribs I've had anywhere.The burgers and chicken are also excellent.  I am somewhat perplexed after reading some of the reviews. In the 4 or 5 times we have been there everything has always been great.
3	There's a special for around $16 each meal, that includes a smaller-than-normal plate size.  The regular serving sizes at Harley-Davidson are enormous.  I saw these being delivered to other tables and got sick to my stomach.  There's no way you could finish those, unless you're the type to enroll in eating contests or have your own reality TV about eating large quantities of food.I had the tacos, which were alright.  The best order at our table was my friend's pulled pork and chicken.  The chicken was cooked just right and the pulled pork rocked.  Another nice surprise was the maple flavored butter.  The beer selection here wasn't very good.  I ended up getting a Coors Light and barely sucked it down.  I would love to see some micro brew options (one or two good pacific northwest beers could make the difference).
5	Imitation Cream! Ugh!I don't know why otherwise-excellent restaurants go cheap at the end and present, in this case, "Anderson Dairy Non-Dairy Product".Other than that disappointment, it's a great informal restaurant if you're hungry. The Buffalo wings are superb, BBQ is good, service is good, decor is good, even the coffee is good, except no proper half and half for it.UPDATE: They will bring you half & half upon request so I now give them all the stars.
1	Sorry I didn't get this in a few days ago to save some of you from wasting your money.i read some of the other reviews and I guess some people were just lucky to get something decent and then some people just don't know good BBQ  anyway. I got a sampler plate my son got the beer can chicken our chicken was dry  my baby backs were also dry , not tender or juicy like something that's been in the fridge and micro waved not fresh BBQ .I didn't smell any smoke from BBQ anywhere so who knows how long ago they were qued. The brisket was like sliced round steak,the pulled pork was like some mush pulled from a tuna can . For those prices there shouldn't be any luck involved as to what your getting today but I will admit the BBQ sauce was tastyAnd when your a tourist spot your lucky not to have to rely on repeat customers. Good luck is all I can say
4	I've eaten here a couple of times in the past and always had a good experince (and food) so while I was in 'Vegas and craving some BBQ my wife and I stopped-in.We ate there at about seven on a Monday night and were able to be seated immediatly inside.  The staff were friendly and the decor is a Harley rider (or motorcyle enthusiat's) dream!I ordered the Pulled Pork and my wife a dinner salad.  The food arrived quickly and the Pulled Pork was just what I'd been craving! Nice smokey flavor, good texture and a genrous portion on a Kaiser bun.  I wasn't a huge fan of the fries (steak fries I think would be a better fit, but the skinny ones they serve are fine).  My wife's salad was good (not really sure how a place could mess that up).  Dinner rolls were a nice touch too!The next time in 'Vegas I'll be sure to stop-in again!
4	Great service, great food, good burgers, great harleys.
4	My buddies and I were starving after watching the Ohio State/Northwestern.  Someone in our group suggested this place.  I had misgivings about a possible tourist trap right on the strip.  I was wrong.  We had a very good server.   We had some pretty good chicken wings.  I had the BBQ brisket sandwich.  Maybe I was hungry, it did turn  out to be a terrific sandwich.
5	We stepped in for breakfast after walking for a while. Three eggs over easy, fried potatoes, bacon, and toast. The food was great and the staff was awesome. Very reasonably priced for being on the strip. Atmosphere was pretty cool with lots of motorcycles inside and even a conveyor belt that ran around the ceiling carrying many of them so you got a good look at them.
3	I have to say I can't judge this place on food as we only came here to have drinks.My grandparents are in town so we stopped by here. We wanted to sit outside. At first they said only diners could sit outside but they ended up letting us sit there.Our waitress was really funny. Gotta love a waitress with a personality. She made us all laugh. I got a strawberry daiquiri ($13.50). It was okay. The cool thing is that it was in a really big souvenir glass. They bring you one to take home and ask that you leave the dirty one there.My only complaint is there was a really strong disgusting sewer smell outside. I'll have to keep in mind to sit inside if I ever come back here to eat.
1	Terrible country fried steak very oily. It taste like a chicken nugget from mcdonalds. The server was very unaware. No refills no how was your food so no tip took 20 minutes to get the bill after they took the plates.
4	The food is ok.  (the brisket was actually tasty - the rest fell from average to mediocre to satisfying).  The portions are sizable and the prices are on the lower end of what you find on the strip.   But the real draw to this place is the collections of motorcycle memorabilia - and the displays.  The suspension system they use to move the bikes with ease around the place is impressive to say the least - and if you've ever picked up a length of heavy duty chain - you'll be impressed by the American flag backdrop that dwarfs the dining room.  Even more treats await upstairs but I won't spoil everything now.
1	This place sucks! They have really bad service. I ordered (fake) orange juice, and I got charged for refills (without them telling me they were charging me )Save yourself a headache and just go some where else.
3	You're really paying for atmsphere when you go here!  I had the pulled pork sandwich.  It was good.  My boyfriend had the sampler and he liked the brisket the best.  They give you LOTS of fries.  Only 2 kinds of bbq sauce, both were standard.  We had a great waitress with a fun personality, that was a plus!  There are LOTS of places to choose from on the Strip to eat.  I probably wouldn't return for the food.  Just sayin...
1	Came to Vegas for the first time and saw this place and REALLY wanted to try it out... Big mistake! I don't know if it was because it's a weeknight or the people, but for a restaurant this size on the strip, it was pretty dead. Our waiter wasn't  very welcoming, not even a smile or greeting. In fact he was a bit rude and not very helpful when it came to ordering food. I ordered the ribeye with mashed potatoes and string beans and it was mediocre at best. The steak was cooked to order, but when it came to flavor, it was pretty bland. The mashed potatoes were instant potatoes. Their string beans were nothing special. All in all, I know once thing for sure, I will NEVER come back to this place!!!! Besides all that, the price for a soda is $3.50 which is damn expensive if you ask me. What's sad above all is, Harley Davidson is such a big name but with such a pathetic restaurant at the Vegas strip?!?! I won't recommend this place to anyone, not even my worst enemy!! FAIL.
3	I got pulled into this tourist trap thanks to groupon and out of town family visiting. I didn't have high hopes for this place...I just figured it was your typical Planet Hollywood or Hard Rock Cafe style eateries. And I was pretty close. The decor is mostly motorcycle themed with some nascar memorabilia around. We were immediately seated (6 pm on a Wednesday) but we waited for a while to be greeted by our server. When we were finally greeted, our server was quick to get out drinks and move onto the next table.  But she was informative on the menu selections and offered up what would be great suggestions. The food came out relatively soon and looked up the par. I opted for the chicken club which tasted like it has been microwaved and between the others at the table, there was the meatloaf, kids chicken and the bbq plate for 2. We also had a 23oz beer in a souvenir glass and a mixed drink in a souvenir glass. The drinks and food were good overall but not a place I would frequent. And I probably wouldn't jump at the opportunity to bring more out of town family back here.  One of the perks of dining here is that there is a parking garage right behind the restaurant that once you pay the $10 parking fee, you get a voucher that takes the $10 off of your bill.
2	I moved to Vegas about 2 months ago and I have been searching for some great BBQ. I've tried several spots and figured I would see what the "best BBQ in Vegas" was like. Dear God it was aweful. This place is a disgrace to BBQ and the Harley name. They should seriously do a restaurant makeover here. Don't really know where to start with the food. The ribs were far from fall of the bone. It was hard to cut them with a knife "Gross". Baked beans were terrible along with the brisket, pulled pork, and hot links.. The pulled pork had to have went through a blender. It was the finest shredded meat I think I have ever been server and it was wakeful.  I have pictures if you don't think it's that bad... Best thing we had was the Mac and cheese but it was clearly made with velveeta.. The service was pretty good but the server even admitted that the food sucked. We mentioned to our server that we didn't care for the food and he told us he wasn't surprised. Pretty sad tourist trap. I won't be back. I can't understand why Harley allows this place to continue to put out this garbage under their name. I give it two stars because our server was good and he was honest. If it was just based off of the food it would get 0 stars. Please stay away!
2	I ended up at the H-D Cafe because my family scored a Groupon online. When we arrived, the place looked like a converted HardRock Cafe with hanging motorcycles on a conveyer belt rotating around the room instead of a showcase of rock and roll memorabilia. While some H-D riders might come in to admire the bikes, I was there to eat. The current rating on Yelp (2-3 stars) is pretty accurate. The place focuses on BBQ. Unfortunately, it appeared to be of the frozen variety. Don't expect anything resembling legit slow-cooked BBQ here. The meat is dried out and just isn't that great. The burgers might have been better, but I didn't try them. I has the BBQ slider sampler and only the pulled pork tasted decent. Avoid the chicken sliders. If you're really into themed restaurants, this might be the place for you. But if you're looking for a quality meal (and there are many places in Vegas where you can find one), this is definitely NOT the place to eat. It's not bad... It's simply mediocre. That's fine when I'm at home, but when I'm on vacation and am trying to maximize my enjoyment, this place just doesn't cut it.
2	Sad to have to give this two stars. But this used to be one of our favorite vegas stops. But the meal was over priced and not good. We would have been better off getting a salad and pulled pork sandwich at Costco. The chicken in my salad was barely not frozen but it was that cold served over a bagged lettuce combo and some blue cheese crumbs. The fries were cold and dry. My sons spaghetti looked like the most appetizing entree on the table. I was disappointed with how bad their food has gone downhill not to mention portion sizes too. We won't be going back.
5	Surprisingly, it is difficult to find a restaurant open after 10pm on the strip in Vegas. We decided to go there and got great service. It was fast and courteous. We ordered each a steak and an appetizer... and it was way to much food, the plates are HUGE! The food was very good and our waiter was super nice. Plus, if you enjoy motorcycles, it's a must-go, you can't really eat anywhere else with bikes cruising over your head!
3	When I went the conveyor was broken so no Harleys on display. That was a shame but the food was good a little overpriced for me. I had their classic burger which was quite smaller then a normal burger anywhere else like Red Robin. The nachos were just OK I was pretty much disappointed in the whole expierence and even more so when I got the $100 lunch bill.. Nice place but wont be back.
2	Blah!  Just walking into this establishment, really doesn't impress me.  I went here for my Parents. Granted, I'm not a motorcycle fan, but trust me, my 2 star review is not based on that.  First of all, the restaurant does not have any kind of pleasing aesthetic visual appeal at all.  We got seated by this huge wall of chains, which were caked in about 5 years of dust.  Motorcycles are on a conveyor overhead, which was kind of cool I guess.  However, the service and food were average to a bit below average.  Your normal Hard Rock Cafe/Planet Hollywood type of fare -- but really nothing tasty about it.  The service was very slow as well....very few servers for a packed restaurant.  There is a first and last time for anything, and this was the last.
5	Great display of bikes.  AWSOME USA flag food is great and reasonable priced. Staff is friendly.
2	Seriously outdated and food was subpar.  If you like to be sold crap while you eat, this is the place to go.
2	Not vert good, I got a cheese steak and onion rings, my wife got a barbecue chicken Sammy and fries. Mine was okay hers was cold as can be and dry, the took hers of the bill but it still was not worth the money. The server was nice but a bit snobby.
4	Nice little place. Pretty dated for the location, but the atmosphere was good. We had great service and really good food. Great prices for the portions you get. I was pleasantly surprised. Would definitely go back again.
5	I got the patty melt and a   Malibu low rider. With a  souvenir mug very yummy and fruity. My husband had the BBQ chicken. Both were delicious. It's fun to sit outside and enjoy the strip. Service was good if a little slow, but it makes you sit back and people watch.
3	The food was average. Our server was friendly but whoever was hostessing clearly hated her life. She was rude, she didn't smile once and at one point I saw her staring and talking about our table to a coworker. It took like 10 minutes to get our drinks. If my veggie wrap wasn't so delicious I would've left 1 star. Wouldn't go back.
1	I am giving this place a 1 star rating because the only thing good was the food and it was served practically cold! The service was horrible from the seating, to our waitress not knowing if we needed to be helped or not, having to go get a condiment ourselves because the gal wanted to clean dishes first before bringing what we had asked for. Not to mention it was filthy! I was pretty disappointed, guess we should have read the reviews before stopping.
1	Sorry, sorry, sorry. I am sorry I wasted my time! money! and the calories that I took in from this place.  Worst BBQ I have EVER had.
5	Had the pulled pork sandwich. It was fantastic. $15 for a sandwich and fries was fine. You buy a sand which and you could get a T-shirt for $10. Double check because it's a limited time promotion.
2	Food was okay. Nothing spectacular to write home about. The Mac n cheese was not done and the ribs taste like they were boiled before being baked in an oven.
1	This place is strictly for ambiance. The food is terrible and so is the service. We had a party of 6 and they kept forgetting about us and took forever to bring drinks and food. I got the burger and fries and it was pricey and tasted like cardboard. It's a fun place, but I wouldn't eat here again.
4	This place is more for the ambiance and promoting Harley than it was for food. But the food was good. We wnet here for cheap eats (by Las Vegas standards)  and I had a burger. Not bad at all. Service was prompt and friendly. We didn't wait too long. I couldn't rate it five stars because I just didn't get the feeling that it was clean. And other than the bikes on the conveyor running around the ceiling, the place just felt like another restaurant with the Harley name on it.
1	Went here on Memorial Day weekend (Monday) after all the crowds had left because the sign on the strips says "Best BBQ on the Strip"...well guess what - it's not the best, it might be classified as okay on a good day, but the best - I can think of at least three other "chains" on the strip - House of Blues, Hard Rock and Jimmy Buffet's that have a better BBQ then this place...choice - eat inside or out - 100 degree day, let's eat in...tables are of the very cheap variety.  We ordered the two eat for $35 BBQ, which included one sausage, some chicken, BBQ pork, brisket and two ribs - nothing to write home about - even the luke warm rolls with honey butter - that sounded really good sucked.  To top it off, we order one of the fun drinks off the menu and at the end of the meal, the waitress brings us a "souvenir" version of the glass that costs $15...keep that in mind if you order unless you really want a useless glass to take with you to ask for just the drink or you will get ripped off.  We had a Marriott discount card, listed as 10% off entire check - we only qualified for the 10% off the expensive souvenir drinks/with glasses - the $35 BBQ for two was not discounted.  Rip off - eat somewhere else.
4	Surprisingly good! Not sure why so many negative reviews for this place but that certainly wasn't our experience. We arrived around 8:30pm and were seated immediately. The place filled up over the next 15-20 minutes but our server remained efficient, competent and helpful. We ordered the 2-for-$35 bbq platter and it was awesome!  Ribs, chicken, pulled pork, tri tip, a hot link and an assortment of sides.  The tri tip, ribs and chicken were excellent and I never even got around to the pulled pork.  Honestly, better bbq than any place we have back home.Beverages are pretty pricey but for $8.50 ($5 more than the regular fountain drink) you can get a fountain drink in a cool souvenir glass to take home that would cost you $7.50 by itself in their store.All in all, I was more than pleased by both the food and the atmosphere.
1	This place was packed and I don't understand why. We got the chili fries and that was terrible so we sent it back then our BBQ platter was equally gross. Do yourself a favor and don't come here. Oh one thing I must add, The waitress was pretty good so I do have to give her props but if you want to have a good meal skip this place!
2	Mediocre food and lack of service ended with the waitress giving herself an 18% tip. While I have no issue with tipping I think:1. They should try to earn the tip- she didn't. She brought one platter from the kitchen to the table and didn't even bother to refill out drinks as well as took 15 min to come back to collect my CC after she dumped the bill on the table. I asked if I could pay someone else and the staff told me no, I had to sit and wait for her to come back.2. Because of the above, this was not a tip but a surcharge. The HD Cafe should warn that they charge 18% to have their servers bring you food.Won't go back.On top of that, the bathroom was filthy.
4	We decided to try this place because of the Steak and Shrimp deal for 2 for $35. The atmosphere was fun and interesting. The staff was very nice and the place was clean. Our service was excellent.. The food was ok. My steak was a little overcooked for a medium rare. The beer battered shrimp was good. I would recommend this place to those who are die hard fans of Harley Davidson. Very interesting place.
1	We ended up here on a Saturday night because all the other restaurants had a long wait.  The good thing is, we were seated right away, no wait at all.  We ordered the BBQ special they had, $35 for an appetizer and a plate of BBQ.  Two kids got the Mac N Cheese.  Food was okay, nothing special.  Our drinks were never refilled, the waiter's excuse was he had a big group he was serving??  When we got out bill, we noticed an 18% gratuity automatically added.  We asked a lady that walked by, is it standard for them to add an 18% gratuity? She was kinda rude and said, "I am only a hostess here, I don't know, but yes I believe it is standard for us to add an 18% gratuity".  I don't mind tipping, but I don't think it's right to just add an 18% gratuity for a small party, shouldn't we decide how much tip we want to give???  Seems kinda shady.  Will not be going back :(
3	I have eaten here twice. Once was great and the second sucked. That's why I gave it 3 stars, trying to be fair. About 10 years ago (actually my first trip to LV ever) we ate there. The food was wonderful. About a year ago, we ate there again. This time it was horrible. The place was empty, that was fine. The food was cold and old. It was basically bbq sauce slathered on cold food that had been sitting in a warmer. We were bummed. Never again. For the money, we can do better.
1	Went inside to check out the two-for-$35 specials and we got the BBQ platter. The ribs were good, the chicken was a little dry, the pulled pork didn't taste like pork at all (not sure what it was), and the beans were raw. On top of that an 18% gratuity was added for a party of two. Never again.
4	I ate here Thursday night while in town. I was pleasantly surprised at how good the service was and the items were reasonably priced! I had the "Cowboy Steak" (rib eye) and it was prepared excellently.
4	Kristine was the most AMAZING server . She made our breakfast and started our day off great. I ordered the Philly cheesesteak with onions peppers and mushrooms.  IT WAS SO DELICIOUS.
1	These folks are getting one star because I can't express to you how bad their BBQ is. If you like dry ass chicken, go here. They advertise best BBQ in town, all LIES! If their prices weren't bad enough - I got food poisoning soon after. Just DONT
1	The service was good but the food had no taste at all. Bad cafeteria type food. If we weren't starving we would have sent it back. Wouldn't recommend at all.We have the fajitas, which was cold, and the southern fried chicken. Two of the pieces of cooked well but again no taste and the third piece was soggy and not cooked well at all.  Kinda feel sorry for the nice waitress who has to serve  this to the guests.
2	Great atmosphere but the food was not good at all. The brisket was undercooked and tough. They try to cover that fact with a ton of bbq sauce. It sucks for the staff there because they were pretty good. If you want a motorcycle atmosphere with cafeteria food and Harleydavidson prices, this place is for you.
1	Harley Davidson Cafe is in the heart of the strip and it's empty on a Friday night during some Harley enthusiast convention weekend, this place has major problems.  If this place isn't used to launder money I don't understand how they can keep their doors open.
3	Service was good and food was ok. However, the place is really run down and looks like they don't care to take care of it. Burt out lights everywhere, including main sign outside. Chairs/tables worn, holes in walls, and the chains hanging from the wall in back literally have 4" of dust on them. When you see filth and broken things in a restaurant it just gives an overall impression that the owner doesn't care.
1	We recently went to Vegas and had dinner here.  The food was alright, the beer was room temp both draft and bottled  we were really hoping to have a nice cold beer on a warm Vegas night total fail :/ Tammy our server was rude never checked up on us went MIA a couple times had a hard time trying to get her to come over and it wasn't really busy.  Once  the bill made it over we noticed there was an 18% gratuity added to our bill for a Table of 4, that's why she was rude she was getting a tip no matter what.  Bad experience here 1st and last time I'd visit.
1	If you like ribs... Keep walking. Seriously, the most bland and boring ribs on the planet. My date had the ribs and she chose to go hungry rather than finish them. I had the chicken and rip combo. I gaged down the ribs, and my mouth does not produce enough saliva to ever make that chicken juicier. I gave them one star because the chicken corn chowder was not bad.
4	Street side patio on the strip for great people watching while you eat. Had the chicken and ribs and the ribs were tender and the chicken was okay. I would eat here again for the combo of food and view but not for food aloneThe other person in our party had the salmon and said it was just okay and not great but again sitting outside could be repeated.
5	Late Review:Went here in the summer time when it was 100 degrees out. Got seated right away, waiter took our orders and our food was out in less than 5 min. Well our entrees Entrees: Spinach Dip is a good way to start your meal while you're waiting. Waiting about 20 min then my meal came out. Ordered the mac n cheese and it was awesome. IF you love mac n cheese thick and creamy, then this is the place to get it. This place is a great spot to stop and eat while you're walking the strip, its literally like the half way point. Its a great spot to take the kids, there are motorcycles all over the place. Itll keep them occupied till the food comes. Great place to have a group meal. The service was great and quick, never really had to ask for anything because our waiter was on top of his A-game.
1	Well we ordered I think it was called the hog plate trio? That came with ribs , brisket, chicken, and beans. Beans were hard not cooked all the way, ribs were nothing but fat !! The chop brisket was nothing to write home about. The only good thing on the plate was the chicken and that was just edible. They say you get what you pay for but at $27 a plate I guess I was paying for the atmosphere. Wish I could post the picture I took of all the fat I pulled off the ribs.Good luck.
5	Passed this place up so many times while in Vegas, passing it off as another plain Jane diner with a big name as bait......But the food was GREAT, the mimosas were AWESOME tasting and strong. I caught my buzz off the first and drunk off the second. This beats Fatburger and other places by miles. Which btw, skip fatburger's slushies.... Yakkkk.
4	10 irish hungry folk wandering the Las Vegad strip after a ten hour flight and this place was first to catch our eye! Amazing atmosphere,friendly staff and tasty food that sticks to your gut :) ! The blue cheese salad was amazing! The portions where too big but i guess thats normal in America :)
3	We passed by this place several times during our stay in Vegas and finally made it in specifically to get some Harley Las Vegas gifts for some of our Harley lovers. There was no wait and the service was great. Food was standard. Nothing stood out as being AMAZING but nothing was bad. Gift shop was small and did not have a lot to choose from.
5	Best Angus brisket sandwich iv had all around the US
