3	I typically don't review a place when it is middle-of-the-road, so to speak. I don't know if that makes me a lazy Yelper, perhaps it does, but I tend to review when I REALLY have something to say. Having said that, I've been trying to break myself of that habit, and so I present so you, my review of this new, and very mediocre establishment that recently opened on Fremont East.First, the concept. It's called Backstage Bar and Billiard, so not surprisingly, it has a bar, some billiard tables, and the theming (which was actually quite cool) was "Roadcase-Chic". In other words, there were Anvil type roadcases for tables, and the bar and decor was actually adorned with Roadcase hardware. This was pretty clever, and helped a little bit to achieve the rock&roll vibe that they are apparently going for. Nice touch.There appeared to be a stage, which leads me to believe that at some point, there will be live music, but on the night that I went, there was a DJ, which seemed somewhat out of place for a venue striving to be Rock-themed.What really dragged it down, was the execution. The road-case theming was a nice touch, but very little effort was made beyond that. They took the cheap way out, and sprayed the entire venue black, regardless of the condition of the actual surfaces they were painting. I mean it looks like they just blasted away at every dusty surface in the place, thinking that keeping the lighting very dark would hide the fact that they it was really just a big, stark box.There were a few cool pieces of rock memorabilia on the walls, namely some classic 60's-70's vintage concert posters that were cool to look at, but there were only 4 of them. If they continue accumulating them, then they could probably eventually give the place some personality. But with only 4 of these posters in a cluster by the door, it actually looked more lame than if they just had nothing at all. It was sort of like they were going for the "Hard Rock" feel, but after acquiring their first 4 pieces, it was like they said, "Eh, screw it, this will be fine".Finally, I don't know where the bar is set between being a bar with pool tables, and actually being considered a proper "Billiard", but with 4 pool tables, darkly illuminated by blue lights, and a sparse selection of generic, slightly warped cues, I think they are going to get a lot of flack from serious pool players who  seek this place out thinking it is a genuine "Billiard" hall, only to find that this is (at least in my opinion) a bar, with a few tables. I suppose it's technically correct in that the room offers billiard tables, it just seems to me that if you are going to call yourself a billiard, then they really could have put a lot more time and effort into that facet of the concept.In short, this is a thrown-together little dive, that was fun, but nothing special.
5	OK, somebody finally got it together down on Fremont East! I was a guest at the grand opening and this is instantly my "new place!" It's just got such a great vibe. Rock n roll attitude and swagger but mellow enough to come and get some cocktails, shoot some stick, or meet friends.  The best part is that they are just getting started. It has the vibe of being backstage at a gig--hence the name, I guess.  I immediately thought, "Why hasn't anyone done this before?"  The whole vinyl old school DJ vibe was awesome! No techno crap. No computer fake DJs. This is rock n roll style. But the DJs were cool. They took requests but mostly my mind was blown by stuff I hadn't heard in years!  Like I said, it's new but I love where they are going with this. So glad this is happening downtown.
5	I'll be the first to admit that the downtown Las Vegas bar scene isn't really my thing. I'm not much of a cocktail connoisseur/drinker in the sense that I really don't care about your artisan cocktails made from hand-crafted ingredients. For me, drinking is a utilitarian exercise, and ordering a vodka soda at most of the bars downtown makes me feel... out of place, I guess. Sometimes Fremont East seems like it's one mixologist away from being a Portlandia sketch.So last week, after dinner downtown my friend suggested Backstage. I figured, why not. I'm not big on billiards (I absolutely suck at the game) but I've always enjoyed the atmosphere at pool halls.With my most recent pool hall visit being a trip to the Cue Club in which a vagrant came up to me at the bar and told me a rather filthy joke, I was pleased to find a much more lounge-y than dive-ish feel at Backstage. I always dig a bar that looks "lived in" rather than antiseptic, and this space definitely qualifies. I'm kind of a sucker for lighting like the warm blue hue in which the pool tables are bathed (relax, wankers, it's not black light, this isn't cosmic billiards).And while I've seen lots of people talk about the road cases that double as furnishing here, here's what spoke to me about Backstage: the wall of records behind the DJ booth. Records. As in vinyl. As someone who DJed with actual needles on records back in the 90s and early 2000sies, I'm not going to lie - I have a little bit of a fetish for the discontinued Technics 1200 and for 12" slabs of music. And there are literally thousands of tracks in the bookshelves behind the decks. I didn't realize it when I walked in but two of the owners of the bar are Scotty Boy and DJ Lethal. For those who don't know, the two of them have been in the DJ game for a very, very long time, which means that there is probably some very serious musical history on those shelves. It almost reminds me of The Library at Marquee, only with records instead of books. This is a carefully curated collection of sounds in physical form, not just a bunch of random decor.We had our drinks and relaxed. Nobody rolled their eyes at my Ketel soda. A spot like this is a nice addition to the mix downtown.
5	OK, somebody finally got it together down on Fremont East! I was a guest at the grand opening and this is instantly my "new place!" It's just got such a great vibe. Rock n roll attitude and swagger but mellow enough to come and get some cocktails, shoot some stick, or meet friends.  The best part is that they are just getting started. It has the vibe of being backstage at a gig--hence the name, I guess.  I immediately thought, "Why hasn't anyone done this before?"  The whole vinyl old school DJ vibe was awesome! No techno crap. No computer fake DJs. This is rock n roll style. But the DJs were cool. They took requests but mostly my mind was blown by stuff I hadn't heard in years!  Like I said, it's new but I love where they are going with this. So glad this is happening downtown.
5	Firstly, this location is ideal for any business. The service here was great! Hooray for stiff drinks! Interior theme is very creative as well. It's as if you were backstage of a concert! The bartender gave us some inside info about what to expect from this place in 2013 and the outlook sounds GOOD! DTLV has been needing a place like this with some good people behind it all for quite some time. I look very forward to to what BBB has to offer the community in the future. I can't wait to see what type of events and activities they host.
5	This was our second stop in a pub crawl beginning at Commonwealth.  After the over-priced drinks and unaffected staff there, I was starting to worry that downtown was turning into the Strip, our wallets would soon be empty, and our night would soon be over.However, Backstage blew my mind.  It is exactly the kind of bar that should exist on East Fremont.  The door guy smiled and welcomed us, the bartender let us know that there was a special going on for $3 Miller Lites and Sam Adams.  Three different bartenders/bussers pointed me in the right direction of the restroom when I got up from my seat.The decor is really creative and fun--road cases are barstools, there are vinyl records everywhere, and cool lighting everywhere.  It just feels like someone put some thought into this bar and its location.  I'll definitely be back.
5	First review of 2013!!  Neon lights, strong pours, loud music, and a great staff.  Now top that off with a fun game of pool with friends.  Backstage Bar & Billiards, located on the east end of Fremont, is a nice change of pace.  Keep in mind that this is a bar first, hang out second, and pool hall third.  Don't expect to come here and think you're Tom Cruise from the Color of Money.  This place is more of a lounge where you can just relax, have a drink, and even enjoy a game of 8-Ball.  Drinks are priced about average to this side of town.  No Las Vegas strip prices here. New, spacious, clean, and free of the overwhelming stench of smoke. Regarding the pool, $10 an hour which is not bad.  Because it's dark and the lighting is all neon, it will take a few games for your eyes to adjust.  Tables are small, but bigger than your coin operated bar tables.  Felt is also lightning fast, which means more action on the cue ball for all you players that play for shape on the next ball.  Only a handful of tables and luckily I was here when it wasn't busy.  Overall, I like this place for a drink and maybe a quick game of pool.  If you're looking for something different to do in the downtown area, tired of the usually bar scene, or just want to play a couple of games of pool, Backstage Bar & Billiards should be your destination. Happy New Years Everyone!!!
4	What kept me from giving it five stars: the small pool tables (I'm used to playing regular sized tables), the lighting and possibly the music--granted it was a Wednesday night so it might be different on the weekends. But the lighting is insanely blue, but it could work with other people. But other than that, I like the atmosphere, I like the guys working behind the counter, and I like the insanely cheap beer! Sam and Millers for three bucks! I'm not sure if its offered every night though, so sorry kids I don't have that info. Also the price for the tables is reasonable: ten bucks. I would say that's reasonable BECAUSE other places charge by the hour and per person so there ya go. Overall a great place to bring a group of friends to hang out, shoot pool, drink, and possibly sneak in a bit of dancing! Yay downtown!
4	One of the newest bars to hit downtown, i was pleasantly surprised with how friendly and nice the bartenders are here. The atmosphere is cool, with pool tables all around the floor, the bar is made up of band gear boxes/bins which gives it a roadie kinda feel. The bathrooms are super clean, and the shot glasses are pretty cool little crystal skulls....
3	This bar has several pool tables and a decent sized bar. They show movies on the big screens...some of which are questionable...but, all in all it is a pretty cool bar. Rock music was playing until about 10pm when they switched it up to some hip hop. Drink prices are reasonable.
1	I'd give zero if I could. I stopped by today with my wheelchair-bound wife. I asked if I could look inside (trying to see if we could get around with her chair). The bouncer put up his arm and WOULDN'T LET ME LOOK INSIDE.Not only will I never go here, I hope they go broke.
5	I love this place.It has killer lighting effects.  There are always fun videos playing up on the roll down screens to entertain your eyes in between the whiskey shots and rack breaks.  They often have a live DJ.  And best of all, there is cheap pool available for entertainment.The decor is impressive, with the owners taking the backstage theme to excess, with instrument cases for chairs and tables and vinyl on the benches.  It has a very industrial rock feel.  Clean.  Tough.  Fun.Now on to its only and main problem:  No female customers.  This is the bars biggest problem, and the possible solution to its other problem - a lack of overall customers.  It is a great bar, but its just usually filled with a bunch of men shooting pool.  And those men can't be buying all that much to keep the bar afloat.  If this bar is to survive, they have to find a way to attract the female customers so that their friends and men will follow.It is the recipe for success to any bar, and it could work for BBB as well.
2	Way over prices! Cover at door was $11 per person. Drinks were was over prices for the amount of alcohol they give you.  Bar tenders were awesome though.Venue could be cooler. Its very dark and has a couple cool decorations. But overall its not a billard hall so don't expect much. They play cool movies on a big screen just like bunk house does. I have never paid a bar tab higher then 40 bucks on Fremont st. EVER! My tab was 90 some bucks. Absolutely outrageous. They are totally taking advantage of Fremont being built up by the Zappos company.
5	This place was awesome!  Great setup for live bands, great bar, good size.  Can't wait to see another show here.
4	This is a fun place. Cool lighting. Good sound. Good stage. Great green room backstage. A little odd to have pool tables going in the middle of live music, in front of the stage, but at least it isn't predictable. We played a show with The Warlocks here and had a blast. A Trevor and The Joneses highlight for sure.
4	We stopped into Backstage Bar because my friend wanted to check it out and PENN from Penn and Teller was perfoming w/ his band.Which was kinda cool the band was ok and no cover charge which is a ++ The bar staff was friendly but slow and didnt know if they had specials.Which I feel if you work at the bar you should know this or at least try to recommend me something like a special drink you are known for something etc. The decor is cool all styled after music road gear cases which is cool even the bar is set up like that very cool but They need more seating I am not going to go into a bar w/ my g/f and stand shes going to want to leave. also I guess they had pool but no signage w/ pricing or how you get a table etc.Also everyone was sitting on them maybe only 30 people inside the place. It was a good atmosphere and chill spot just barstaff needs to get more informative and know how to sell and suggest drinks hence why everyone is drinking PBR cause its cheap and no suggestions or other deals!! Overall kinda cool spot  just need to work on customer service
4	For all the griping my family gave me about Fremont Street, my favorite night was spent with friends hopping from place to place among the old casinos.  We even stopped here to play some pool and had a blast.  They have some great music and cool decor (our friend loved the music case furniture).  The door man was cool as were the bar staff.  You'll also get to see some very colorful patrons from people dressed up in costumes to street walkers.  I agree with another post that the tables and cues aren't stellar.  So don't come expecting anything professional.  But really, you're not going to want to play serious pool with UV strobe lighting and dance music blaring.
5	Ok, so me and my boyfriend went here for the Mc Chris concert on Sunday. First and foremost let me just say this bar already gets five stars from me because, well, lets face it they hosted Mc Chris (Ba Blam). So now for the review of the bar. I actually really liked this bar a lot it was relatively spacious even with all the people there for the concert so that was pretty awesome cuz nothing sucks more than going to a bar and barley having room to lift your arm up to take a drink. The decor is pretty on point and they play cool "adult" cartoons and old batman movies on the TVs so that is also a for sure star for this place. They also have this sweet bookcase that doubles as a secret passage pretty amazing. The bartenders are really nice and very fast. Pretty much the bartenders there know how to cater to a large crowd. At a crowded bar I only waited 3 mins tops to get help. I bought a jack and coke and a bottle of water and the bill came to $11 bucks which in my opinion is not bad at all especially for Vegas bars on Fremont. All in all I had to give this place five stars for there awesome music guests, kick ass decor and friendly staff. I will definitely be going back to this venue for another show or just to go hangout. I highly suggest for locals and yelpers to go and check it out and support the rebirth of downtown!!
3	Cool place, good sound system, and a good location if that area is part of your normal routine.I thought the prices on booze were a little high, but all things considered, a few beers or cocktails won't drive you broke. They are starting to book more divers bands, so I can only imagine this place taking off over the next year.
5	I was told by my friends to check this place out as they often have great bands. We went on a Thursday night to watch 3 national touring bands. We enjoyed a few cocktails before the bands went on and I can say this was by far the best drinks that we had in the downtown area. The price was only $4 per cocktail and they were strong! The bartender was very friendly and personable, he made us feel very welcome as he told us a brief history of the venue. The lighting is  blueish in color making it a fun, different, atmosphere. The sound and lighting is very modern and looked/sounded great. The seating around the club is very comfortable with music containers for tables it was something different. If you're in the downtown area we would recommend checking out TRIPLE B'S.
3	Came here with some friends on a Saturday night while out on Fremont East. We had never been here before and decided to check it out since there was no line...once we walked in we could see why. There was a band playing, but barely anyone around to watch. The sound was good and there were 2 pool tables, however, that wasn't enough to keep us and we left. The room was fairly small for a bar that has a stage, and the only reason to come here is if you're actually interested in seeing a specific band play.
3	Great spot to see a show. Loved the layout of this place and the sound was awesome. I thought the drink prices were rather high. A Miller shouldn't cost $6, sorry. I liked that there were several places to sit down. I would return to see a show.
5	Great Venue!! But.....Came here for the first time to see Pulley. This place is just what downtown needed! As far as live music venues goes this is almost as good as it gets! Staff was very friendly and bar service was fast! Reasonably priced drinks.. however the one issue was that the prices kept changing all night long. Talked with the owner/manager about it so maybe they'll keep a closer eye on it, but wasn't a issue at all cause the bar staff was great! The sound system here rocks!! The sound engineer did a awesome job and could make a garage band sound arena ready! Kudos to him! Clean bathrooms and club not filled with smoke. Non-smokers don't worry you can breathe in here.After one visit I would definitely come back and recommend this place to see live music. My favorite live music venue downtown, and I'm sure it'll be yours too!!
3	This place looks like what would happen if you were forced to decorate a bar with what was left behind after someone robbed the Duluth, MN Hard Rock Cafe. It's a cross between a Spencer's Gifts and a Zima commercial --with expensive drinks served in Dixie cups. I guess it's okay if you want to see who's playing... but I'm not likely to pop in otherwise.
4	Good bran new venue downtown, I saw MC chris here and I liked that atmosphere. plenty of seating and a ground level stage. the only thing I didn't like was paying 5 dollars for a can of PBR ;)
4	Fun little venue downtown. They have a very unique stage for such a small venue, inexpensive covers to see some pretty great bands. Though there is room for improvement on the sound, when i saw Guttemouth you could barley hear the vocals. Of course that was probably the fault of whoever was behind the mixing board but that still should never happen at a live show. Previously I saw Pully play at Backstage and there was no sound issues. I will definitely be back
4	The drink prices are decent, and sometimes they have awesome drink specials, one night I drank a ton of those limearitas just cause they were $1!!  Also, I tend to have random drink tastes and they have the stock to accomodate my drinking choices (Funky Cold Medina anyone?). As a fan of punk music, and someone who's lived here less than a year, It's cool that they've hosted a couple of my favorite bands since I've been here (Guttermouth 2x, and Authority Zero). The ticket prices are fair, but the sound system for live music isn't the greatest (but when is it ever for punk). I went there once for Rewind (where they play 80's new wave), I did that music, but was a little bummed it was dead that night. All in all, a cool place to be when downtown.
3	I've seen a couple of shows here now and I've dug them all. However, during Doug Benson's show a couple of weeks ago, the sound guy kept screwing-up the end of the show and playing shitty house music over Doug's theme. Not a super big deal, normally, but since they were trying to record his live podcast at the time, it really got in the way. Maybe I misread the signs or something, but I wouldn't be surprised if Doug played elsewhere the next time he's in town. Bummer for BBB, because that place was packed. And that's kind of my point, I guess: This place is a really good venue for smaller bands/acts, but I can't imagine ever going to just drink and hang-out. It's uncomfortable and uninviting, but I guess the interior is totally bitchin' and such. As a concert venue, it's pretty nice, but as a bar, it kind of sucks, I guess is what I'm trying to say. With that being the case, I would hope they wouldn't scare-off any act that can fill the room (regardless of whether or not the crowd are big drinkers). But that's just me.So yeah, all of that.
5	Great venue for live music, great staff on hand, stellar management, and perfect location. Right in the heart of the Fremont East District, BBB has surpassed Beauty Bar as my favorite concert venue downtown. Less Hipster, more Rock and Roll!This place could become the top local indie music venue in Vegas...
1	Here for an event that my friend wanted to attend but the venue was seedy. How did I even get dragged there?! It looks bad and smells worse. Nowhere to sit down and the place wreaked of cigarettes, I couldn't even handle being in there for more than a couple minutes, they need to work on their ventilation. The place is just dirty.
2	This looks like a great venue for concerts, a few pool tables, cushioned seats along the walls and a large dance floor space. I love the old record players displayed on the wall and the speaker case bar stools(although not very comfortable).  However there were several issues. 1) no one was there for the show and it was a very good local band Eddy Bear and the Cubbies.  This leads me to believe there is something lacking in the marketing area as there were certainly people walking up and down freemont.2) They had no beer on tap. Nothing. It looked like their taps were broken.3) The bartender took our order and gave us our first round and then never came up to us again for a refill even though we were the only one in the bar. I will say this though, the pour was very generous and my drink was the way I like it, strong!This place has potential, but empty, it just reminded me of college parties after everyone had gone home.
3	I like the layout of the Backstage, Bar & Billiards, but I'm not really sure what they're going for; is it a live concert venue or pool hall? I was here last Saturday and just decided to pop-in for a bit to check out the place. They were charging $5 at the door, but if you're playing pool you get in for free, how do they regulate that?..."Ummm, yeah. I'm here to play pool", I told the door guy. As I walked in and looked around the first thing I noticed was the decor; Led Zeppelin framed tour-shirts, a lot of label issued gold records on the walls, and the use of road-cases as stools surrounding the bar, these looked cool although I can't imagine them being too comfortable after awhile. They also had Limp Bizkit and House of Pain stuff everywhere and this almost garnered a two star review. But after doing some homework I found out that one of the co-founders of the BBB used to be the DJ in these two bands...or something.The drinks were strong and fairly inexpensive by Vegas standards. The place was pretty empty and the band was still setting up, so I decided to play some pool after all. The cost $10 an hour so depending on how good you are; this is either a great deal or highway robbery, I'm somewhere in between. My GF and I played pool for a while and watched a few of the local bands performing that night. I might have just been here on a off night, but the crowd felt very young and almost "high school cliquey". A lot of "kids" were running around to each group and whispering stuff? I don't know what was going on here.After our hour of pool was up we decided to call it a night at BBB and said our farewells. The staff here was great, the drinks were strong and the venue has a cool look, but I'll definitely have to come back when they have bigger acts playing. Maybe a few more booties in the door and a couple more shots of whiskey will liven this place up next time.
5	Great beer selection and music. Decor was very rock n roll- flight cases! Service was speedy, but not in a "hurry up and leave" sort. I highly recommend going here over other places downtown....and especially if you can't afford drinks on the strip (or patience for amateurs and Neanderthals). Looking forward to my next visit to BBB!
3	I LOVE live music and try to go to as many shows as possible. I will admit I've only been to Triple B one time for one show. I love how small the venue is and the way it's laid out and decorated. My biggest issue with Backstage Bar and Billiards is their show times. What is with Downtown venues having their shows start so late, even shows during the week? I can't imagine anyone likes this. I know the friends with whom I've gone to shows don't like it and I can't imagine the bands like it either. I simply don't see a reason why the shows can't end no later than 11:30. Why not follow the leads of larger venues on the Strip? Most shows there don't go later than 11 and if they DO go later, it's usually on the weekend. I have seen that some shows don't seem to do so well at Triple B and I imagine part of the reason is the late start/end time. I have a friend who somehow got free tickets to Chop Tops, as well as GBH asked if I wanted to go. Even with free tickets, I am reluctant to go because I don't want to be getting home at 1:00 AM. The ONLY thing that kept me from giving a 5 Star rating is the weird, inconvenient show times.And what is the purpose of a restroom attendant at a place like this. Do most punk rock/alternative show attendees really expect a strange guy/girl chillin' in the restroom to pump soap into their hand, turn on the water and provide them a paper towel? Are these not things everyone is capable of doing themselves? Unnecessary.This last criticism might seem nit picky, but what's with the thick curtain on the way from the floor to the restrooms? Is the goal to have as many near-collisions as possible? Seems superfluous and sort of dangerous to me. Like I said, it may be nit picky and definitely didn't influence the rating.This place has HUGE potential. Just make the show times more consistent and reasonable.
3	Seems like they get some great bands that come through here, but I'd personally hesitate before coming back....it's SO loud! Made me feel really old being there...like a dirty bar I would hang out at when I was barely 21!  I think I'd prefer a bit of a nicer venue.  The tall, thick white guy bartender (sorry I forgot his name) was really helpful and friendly! They had some cool drink special where I got another concert ticket for another upcoming show. (Gave the ticket away)
4	Amazing  venue to see  great  live music , Staff and  bar service are friendly , fast and  know how to handle big  crowds. sound  and acoustic are exceptional for a small  venue. Amazing stage  so everyone can see the band  Cover fees  and ticket prices are the best in Vegas.  Best place to see your live show!
4	Amazing  venue to see  great  live music , Staff and  bar service are friendly , fast and  know how to handle big  crowds. sound  and acoustic are exceptional for a small  venue. Amazing stage  so everyone can see the band  Cover fees  and ticket prices are the best in Vegas.  Best place to see your live show!
4	I went here for a Drink N Draw event and had a blast! I would really love to review the event itself... but since they don't have a Yelp page (that I can locate) I'll review the space since we also watched a few live acts and utilized their bar. The venue is pretty spacious and grungy... which I tend to like. They were asked to turn the lights up a little for the event and it was still pretty dark, so I can only imagine how it normally is. The staff was super friendly and attentive... whenever we were near the bar (which is pretty darn spacious), we'd get asked if we needed anything. The sound was good...loud - to be expected since there was a show going on - but clear. I would definitely go see a live act there again. It's not really a lounge type area...there are a few places to sit (aside from the bar) but not a ton... this is more of a converse/biker boots type of place than a place to wear heels...but to each their own.It's a pretty obvious place to find given that the sign is so big... so it shouldnt be hard to find. There is also street parking near by (we went on a week day) which we found convenient.
3	What makes Backstage Bar & Billiards stand out from other concert venues is that they actually allow crowd surfing, smoking, and re-entry. Mosh pits were practically unregulated. People that crowd surfed their way onto the stage were unceremoniously shoved off.  Another very cool feature of the venue was that members of the lineup bands mingled with patrons. This may be due to the nature of the bands playing (Carnival of Death Tour 2014). Bands were selling their merch along the back wall and watching the shows with the rest of us. Basically, if you're out for a rockin' good time, Backstage Billiards can definitely provide that kind of atmosphere. The venue itself was decent sized. There was ample seating which my tired feet and legs are grateful for. Couches lined along the right side of the wall and stools were at the bar and scattered throughout the venue. There were 2 pool tables that occupied the center of the bar. It's not like anyone is going to play pool during a concert, so these were just in the way. Unfortunately, the bar does not have draft beer. To me, this is unacceptable. If you're going to call yourself a bar, you better have some beer on tap! PBR short cans were $4 each. Ouch. Service was okay - the bar was pretty slammed and there were only 2 bartenders. Backstage Bar & Billiards is set up in a great location at Downtown Fremont. It's a stone's throw away from the newly opened Market, Container Park, and Le Thai. I look forward to seeing more bands play here in the future. :)
5	We go to the Vegas strip all the time. We've heard that Fremont has been rejuvenated so we decided check it out. We were very surprised to find a hidden gem- BBB. There was a band, great acoustics, and a very fun crowd. Drinks were reasonably priced, staff was welcoming and pleasant. Great atmosphere! Next time we visit Vegas- BBB will be a priority!! I implore everyone to check it out- you won't be disappointed.
