5	Formerly, in the historic Morehead Street Tavern, The Tavern is now open for business! I've been by a few times, including during the Grand Opening festivities and I'm so happy to say that the nostalgia has remained in tact. Sure, there have been updates made but overall, The Tavern remains a place that is comfortable, welcoming, and relaxed.I've been pleasantly surprised with the menu, too. It's high quality food for a bar and has options for every person... From salads to good ole reuben's. My favorite is definitely the Jack Daniels Honey wings - Extremely flavorful and crispy. Also, the Collard Green dip was actually really good. It may not look like the most appetizing food, but really, it's fantastic.Staff is great - They are well trained and very courteous. A great place for some mid week drinks or a weekend party destination!
4	The Tavern used to be Morehead Street Tavern (which closed down) but has recently changed management and opened up under the name, The Tavern.I am very partial to The Tavern, simply because it is right across the street from my apartment. Thus, the convenience is a HUGE plus. On the outside, The Tavern just looks like any run of the mill bar. However, on the inside, it opens up into this HUGE space. I couldn't even believe it when I first walked in. We have taken many friends here and they were in shock at the size of the place.The first floor is the main bar with a separate large room for pool tables. There is an overlook to the dance floor that is located on the bottom floor. The bottom floor contains multiple bars and large dance floor with a stage. There is also a very large outdoor patio with an outdoor stage and bar. The facility at this place is phenomenal! Unfortunately, since they are so new, there isn't currently a ton of people at the bar. Thus, most people just stay upstairs at the main bar/pool table area. Once they start bringing in bands and filling this place up, it will be an incredible venue.We have had the food here. The collard dip is delicious and the wings were also very good too! The drink specials are very good. The past few times we have been it has been $2 for beer and usually a few more for mixed drinks. I can't wait for this place to get more busy and I love stopping over there for a quick drink mid-week!
5	Can I say I love this place.  Tuesday nights are Too Funny Tuesday.  Local comedians and some known comedians perform.  The wait staff is great and the drinks are spectacular.  If you don't get a chance to eat before making it to the 8pm show, you can order from there.  The food is really good!  And it always seem to be a diverse group of folks!  I would definitely recommend heading out to this place on Tuesday nights.  I haven't been any other night but will give it a try!
4	This place deserves some Yelp lovin'.  First of all, space is huge.  The main room looks like your average feel-good bar, but then to the right, there is a massive room with pool tables, plenty of seating, and a couple of TVs.  It hasn't been too busy on Monday evenings, so our alumni board meetings are held there.  The employees are friendly and very hospitable - they are nice enough to throw our tables together, take a bunch of separate orders, and turn down the music for us to discuss amongst ourselves. The back room has been fairly vacant, but that's awfully nice of them.  It looks like its owner-operated because the peeps look like they are putting in A+ effort.I ordered the Healthy Trim, which is fresh fruits, cottage cheese, and grilled chicken.  Oh, and a beer to balance out all the vitamin C and lean protein.  The fruits and cheese was average, but the grilled chicken tasted really good.  I mean, I don't know what it was but it just hit the spot!  Lightly seasoned and juicy.  Craved cottage cheese, but grilled chicken satisfied.  (Cottage cheese cravings - it's a real thing.)Couple of parting tips:TIP #1:  It's kinda tough to spot if you're driving by so just make a right as if you're going to the Time Warner Cable building there (you know, where you return all your TWC gear after you've been fed up with them).  Parking is... easy.TIP #2:  Look down when you walk into the big room on the right.  There's a subtle  step before entering.  If you fall victim to it, you might as well leave without ordering anything off their menu.  After all, you just ATE IT, BIG TIME!  dmo out
4	Good group of guys work there, overall real friendly which is rare for the bar scene. Limited drinks on tap but prices are very reasonable. good food, no complaints really. the layout is a little odd, but that does not bother me.
1	Went in to use a Living Social deal that I had purchased on our way to the Panthers game.  Charged me $20 to park, but offered a $10 voucher in the restaurant.Was greeted promptly and seated ourselves.  It was all downhill after that.  Server was clueless.  We ordered the nachos and requested no black beans.  Waited 15 to 20 minutes and nachos came out.  Huge portion with lots of toppings, but had black beans all over.  Server came by and asked if everything was okay.  I told him the nachos had black beans, which we asked to leave off.  He said sorry and walked away.  Had to flag him down again for silverware and plates.  I would understand if it was busy, but the bar area was half full and the dining room was empty.  I see why!Bill came and was charged $13 for the nachos.  I asked if we could use the voucher another time as we had the living social coupon, he said no, it had to be used that day.That will be the first and last time I go there!  Nothing that great about the place.  It hasn't changed since the last time I went there 15 years ago.  Food was bland and service was worse!
5	This was my first visit here. I went on a Wednesday night. Wasn't too busy, but very friendly staff, open areas, great alcohol selection and the pool tables were free.
5	Very delicious. Portion was appropriate (not too much).
