1	Go elsewhere.
5	I have been going to Style 5 for many years then stopped going because it was more convenient to get my hair done right around the corner from where I was working, I was not happy and went back to Style 5 (and been a loyal customer again for at least 4 years now). I drive 20 minutes out of my way to have Liza or Cami do my hair. My hair is healthier than it was before, with the advise they have given to help it get as healthy as it can be with the hair coloring I do to it. I have sent family and friends (repeat customers) to them and will not let anyone else touch my hair.  If I could give them more than 5 stars I would.
5	My whole family and I go here to get our hair cut.  They are extremely friendly and professional.  I go in there with a picture and tell them I would like something similar and they do a fantastic job.  I really recommend if you want your hair done right then to go here.  At my last haircut, I told Cami I wanted something similar to a picture I had brought in and to be honest I love the haircut more than I originally thought I would.  They also will explain to you how to style your hair the way you want and what products they recommend for your hair.  I agree with the other poster that if I could give them more stars I would personally.  I definitely recommend going down there and trying for yourself.
5	Visiting Vegas, walked in hair salon greeted by very friendly lady Cami, Got color & cut by Cami right away (great price) Very Happy Lady : )
4	A recent transplant from a Chicago Suburb, I was referred to this salon by someone I met in a nail salon. She referred Cami at Style 5 and I couldn't be happier!  Cami is very warm (a Midwesterner) who really listens to what you want, what you can afford and makes knowledgeable suggestions to help you out! Such a refreshing personality also. I highly recommend Cami for all your family hair style needs!  Looking forward to seeing her monthly:) FYI, salon location is in a small strip mall, so keep an eye out for it, when travelling there.
