4	Ok, so service isn't always the best. The workers can often be clueless and even rude. Luckily, I know Target very well, so I don't need these workers! I can find it myself! The cashiers are hit and miss. Sometimes they don't even mutter "hello", but whatever, I'm at Target. Yeah, it's my happy place. They always have fun stuff and great prices. Things are always well stocked (at least the workers have that part figured out). I can easily drop $100 here even though I just went in for toothpaste. How? It's one of the mysteries of the world, I suppose. So when I'm trying to save money, I don't go here! If I really need something, I do not, repeat, do not get a cart, but a basket! That way I can't fit much in my basket. I think Target is a girl thing. Guys don't really get it. But if you are a girl, you get it. It's Target.
3	I actually never was a real Target shopper until I met a dear friend of mine. I'm a Walmart kind of girl. He taught me that cheaper isn't always better. I have found that Target has better quality items and a better selection on certain items. The quality of their clothing is much better.This Target is very very close to home which adds to the convenience. It is very clean. The staff are friendly and helpful. The layout is good. I definitely will be back in time to come.Thanks friend for sharing Target with me :)
4	I love Target!I'm just not a fan that this Targets closes at 10pm, coming from another state where they closed at 11pm. Oh and I didn't like that the restrooms had no toilet seat covers. Other than all of that Target is great this one in particular is in the process of opening the fresh grocery section so at the moment it's under construction.
2	Service is a joke.....no matter what time it is or how busy it is the line is always 5 people deep!! Hire some check out people please and staff appropriately!!! You're expanding your merchandise, so PLEASE do the same with service!!!   Ugggggg
1	had a horrible experience.  a gift card was not registering and the manager didn't even give me the courtesy to come over, she sent an underling, Denise, who treated me and my friend like criminals. had security circle us, rolled her eyes at us multiple times and had the worst attitude.  I put the purchase on my target red card, which I will be canceling, and went to leave and the security guard stopped us and searched us!  most horrible experience ever!  I called corporate and filed a complaint and still have not heard from them at all.  I will never be shopping at Target again.  after 20 years of loyal shopping and thousands of dollars every year they will get no more of my hard earned dollars for treating me like a criminal.
4	Last minute sweater emergency, I managed to spill coffee on mine and needed one ASAP. Target to the rescue.I really like Target because they're all laid out the same and the merchandise is pretty much the same in all of them too. Men's is right there and the racks and shelves are stacked, folded and fluffed properly. I was able to zip in, find something I liked, buy it, and zip out in less than 5 minutes.Most impressive was how quickly my credit card went from swiped to approved. A second. You know how sometimes it takes a couple of minutes and you get to listen to the thing dial? Not here. Bam! Done.
4	It's Target!!! Starting with the $1.50 popcorn and soda combo which you leave a popcorn trail all over the store!! You go in for a toothbrush, and leave with dog food - for the dog you don't even own, a wedding registry - for the wedding you aren't even having, a Shabby Chic sheet and comforter set - for the queen bed you don't own, soda, popcorn, candy - for the diet you are already failing and lastly, a new iPhone for the AT&T contract you had no plans on renewing. :) So moral of the story, don't go in!! I love Target!!!
3	The parking lot is always a freaking mad house. So I don't go here as much as I would otherwise. The store is always clean and the employees are generally helpful.  I preferred the garden center to the grocery items, but I get why they made the change. Overall it's a good location for this chain.
4	It's Target...what's not to love? The one thing that I can say isn't worth while at this location is the fresh section of the grocery store. Its over-priced AND I have noticed several things that were past expiration in the cases. I have also had several things go bad within a day of purchase. Beyond that--it's Target--what's not to love? ;)
3	This is my nearest Target store, and often it is organized.  That I have found, unless assigned to a specific station, I cannot find employees on the floor willing to help.  This is a well kept target location, their dollar section fare is usually bare,  I guess I need to hurry in to the store sooner.
3	This is our local location until they build the one at Prasada! I am not a huge fan of Target, just like any other major chain stores! (Wally World) But i do need to visit them from time to time! This location has recently added their grocery dept, so it will be helpful for the ones who wants to make a one stop affair! Prices are reasonable, product is you get what you pay for folks! You can't buy something at a cheap price and expect to last forever??? So other then that, it's your typical target store.
5	This my local Target. I shop here almost every 2weeks if not more. I have three small kids and have done a lot of price shopping between Target and Costco on things like diapers, toilet paper and toothpaste...Target wins every time.The staff is always friendly and helpful. The store is always neat and organized...even the bathrooms are tolerable (and I'm not a big fan of any public restroom.) My kids love going to Target with me too because of the popcorn. Lol. All in all I would recommend Target over all other similar stores hands down.
3	Location is convenient to where I live but not a huge fan of the service I get at this one.  Seems like I'm always looking to find someone that works there.  Other than that it's clean and organized.  The people are always nice when I do find them, just wish it was better staffed.
1	When myself and my husband were at the store this evening we were shopping in the grocery isles browsing the new part of the store. An employee stocking shelves mentioned to us that "we would receive $10 off our purchase of $40 or more.". So we made the decision to do our grocery shopping there this evening. When we checked out we had the cashier check to see if the $10 came off and he said it did. We started making our way to the door when I noticed the $10 had not come off so we got out our calculator to see if we had made a mistake.. We had only bought $39.52 .. so we walked to the customer service center to see if we could buy an extra item and get our $10 off. The employee told us she had to call her supervisor over to help. No big deal. When the manager did make it over we explained our situation and the manager, Her name is "Kece" asked us how we knew that we came up short on our total. We explained that we had added it up and she then asked to see our coupon. The employee then chimed in saying there was one in the store ad. Upon pulling that out she had shown us that the discount was only on "Certain items" and that next time we should "Read the signs more carefully" We said ok we would like to just return the grocery items we had bought since the discount was the reason we were trying the marketplace for the first time to begin with. Then Kece turned into a whole different person she said "well now you have me against a wall, if you return those items I have to just throw them away. You have left me with no choice, this is just wrong of you to do to me." As she was saying all of this she was slamming her cash drawer screaming at us trying to make us feel bad. She continued to tell us what we were doing is wrong and shaking her head. Then after calmly asking her why she was acting this way she continued to yell at us then looked at the employee and said "I can't deal with them you finish this" handed us $10 cash slammed the cash drawer and walked away while STILL yelling at us. I have never been so embarrassed and made out to feel like a terrible person In my life. Above all being treated like this by management. I hope in writing this that something will be done about such terrible customer service. The looks from other employees and customers as she was yelling at us will not soon be forgotten.
4	I recently sat on my sunglasses and desperately needed something so I ran into Target.  I bought some awesome sunglasses in the Optical section Reaction Kenneth Cole's; got great service from the Target Lady in the Optical dept.  She was so incredibly nice.  I am going to buy some fab prescription Rayban readers when I feel more flush.  :)Upgrading T's rating to four stars because their service seems way better!
3	The only thing keeping them from 5 stars is the fact they never have the 10 items or less line open anymore.... WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?!! I love the entire experience up until I have to pay and start getting WalMart flashbacks, lol.Other than that, I've no complaints. Good variety of items, friendly service, clean & I like the location. I can park and walk between Target, Barnes & Noble, Ulta & Best Buy. I call that a good workout :D
3	It was fine until the girl stocking in the grocery section just stared at me, then gave me a dirty look and turned around.
1	Decided to shop at Target rather than Walmart, to find a better selection of hair clippers for my husband. Purchased a set, got hone and opened the box to find that they had been previously owned and well USED by someone else (complete with hair and even some dandruff). I called the store immediately and asked for the manager. I was then asked by a store employee to leave a message and I said no, I needed to speak with the store manager as soon as possible...about a complaint! The manager I spoke with could care less and didn't even apologise. Highly disappointed with this stores quality control, apparently someone in the Returns Department was slacking off. Needless to say the item was returned and I wouldn't be surprised if its waiting on the shelf for some other poor individual to purchase.
4	Pretty decent location for a nice target store.When I lived in the area I would frequent this target location and was happy with the service and product selection.Located in the surprise town center shopping district alongside many great shops.
