1	I agree from Christopher B.'s review ~ BUYER BEWARE and NEVER GO TO THIS PLACE!! I have a great place that I will recommend (read my review about Portrait Innovations), however, I've been here twice and it got worse every visit.  The first visit was for my maternity photos because my friend recommended this place (her photos are great) however mine was not.  The service was so-so, the sales person was that wanted to sell but she did take more than 30 shots.  When I received my photos they were all dark and we blended in the background but the proofs were completely the opposite.  Ok so I let it go trying to give them benefit of the doubt.  Second time was more than a year later for my son's 1st birthday photos.  This was really bad ~ the sales person is different from the last time and she was rudest person.  She rushed the pictorial and wouldn't allow a family shot because "per company policy" can only take 12-15 shots.  Bogus!! I bought the simplest package.  She does not deserve a sale!
4	I have had mostly good experiences here. We have gone 3 years in a row and bought into their membership program.  The pics always come out great, and the photographers are very good with our kids.I sometimes feel rushed by the sales people to pick our pictures, and this last time, the collages they suggested weren't something we liked...and she ignored us until I insisted...politely...but overall, I recommend them.My favorite is the CD. $100 and you get full copyright, plus the cd includes editing software you can use yourself at home. We will likely do that from now on to avoid the anxiety ridden sales process and pushy decision making situation. Last year was better, because the sales person left me alone to go through it myself, which I prefer (Im also familiar with photo editing software, so I want to take over the whole time anyway...lol). All in all, you can get great photos here. It's not the best you'll ever find, but they have good deals and it beats buying the school pictures which almost always turn out awful.
2	Went there to get a good photo to use on Linkdin and other job search sites.  They wanted to use two background colors.  I knew the darker color would look like crap and I was right, but I'll give them credit for trying.  After my photos were taken their way-too-complicated computerized photography system locked up.  They had to call tech support.  40 minutes later if finally got fixed.  They offered me a discount for my trouble.  They'd give me 3 photos on the CD for the price of one.  I reminded them for the 35th time that the photo was just for use on job search websites and I only wanted one.  They gave me a discount for one.  It still cost over $40.00.  RIP OFF!!!!!!!!  I would have done better training my cat how to use my camera at home.  The reason I gave them two stars is that I don't normally photograph well and the one picture I did buy looked OK.  Sears in the olden days of wet film did this whole thing a lot better though.
1	My grandchildren were visiting from California and I wanted to have their pictures taken.  We were on a tight schedule for their visit so made an appointment for 10:00 am when I knew they would be at their best.   We arrived on time and went to the portrait studio but no one was there.  I then went to find someone who told me they were closed on Tuesday!  I checked with a manager and he said that they would call to see what the issue was because I had an email confirmation and had received a phone call the previous day as well.  Someone finally showed up approx 10:40.  They had to set up, get the computers up and running etc and we were an hour late.  The kids were tired and grumpy.  I got only one picture of my grandson and a few of my granddaughter.  Not even an apology for being late!  Meanwhile there were 2 other families that showed up for later appointments and had to wait as well.  I will NEVER use them again.
1	This facility has terrible customer service! I booked an appointment online for a Saturday morning picture session. We have a 1 1/2 year old son and needed a morning appointment to work around his nap schedule. I received a phone call two days later by an associate to confirm my appointment. The day before our appointment (less than 24 hours) I received a call telling me that our appointment time is unavailable because they are not busy enough to have two photographers on hand and they wanted to move us to 1:00, right in the middle of my son's nap time. Obviously they were busy enough to need two photographers that morning! I was furious. We had this appointment scheduled well in advance and had scheduled the rest of our weekend events around this appointment time. There was no apology from the associate and there was nothing to indicate she was willing to work around our schedule in any way. I had to scramble at the last minute to find another studio to take us the following morning. With a toddler and another baby on the way, we are just starting to get on the family picture ball. However, we will never try to work with this facility again. Take the advice of the other reviewers and spend your money elsewhere!
1	Don't waste your time and money! They were over 20 min late getting us in. The lady had a bad attitude from the start. We went in to have a fun date night and snap a few pics. We had a few pose ideas that she wouldn't entertain. We asked for a prop and she said no. Never going back we should of walked out.
1	I had an appointment for a session at this location on 12/5 at 5:20.  I was running a few minutes late(stuck in traffic)so I called to let them know.  I spoke with the manager Kristy who informed me that if I were any later than 5:30 we would have to reschedule.  I arrived exactly at 5:30 as I had my daughter run inside and check in while we parked the car.  When I got inside my daughter was in line behind a woman that was making a stink about a coupon.  By the time we got to the front I told the woman who I was and she looked at the clock(it was 5:33).  She said you'll have to reschedule because you're 10 minutes late.  I informed her that Kristy had told me as long as I was here by 5:30 she could take my pictures and I could view them later.  This is when she got the attitude and told me that she was still selling these people and had to help the lady behind us and she'd see what she could do.  I said okay and my family and I took a seat.  We waited for 25 minutes when her 6 o'clock showed up.  She then told us since my 6 o'clock is here we'll have to reschedule.  This is when I got irritated.  I told her that she most certainly would not reschedule me, I was told by her manager that she'd be able to take my pictures tonight and I was getting my picture taken.  She said she'd call her manager.  We waited another 10 minutes before she actually did that and when she did she told her that we didn't get there until 5:33.  Not the truth!  Ultimately she told me she had to take the 6 o'clock before us, which I agreed to but the dirty looks and nastiness that came from this "customer service" rep was legendary.  I get pictures done every year but this is the first time I've ever been here or been treated like this.  A modicum of professionalism would have been nice.
