5	iStore, what can I say. This Place ROCKS! Thinking of purchasing an new MAC or other apple product?These people are only about top level service and are staffed with remarkable educated and friendly people. My favorites are Josh "mr apple tech man" himself, Vicky who teaches classes for the apple products, Corey who is apple savvy, bill who is a remarkable salesperson (they will always make you feel welcome) and the owner Rich is also a great guy to work with. They offer free classes and technical support for the MAC and more that will blow you away.
5	I've often driven by here, & figured I'd go in & take a look sometime. But I was looking for a clock-mini-speaker system that I use with my iPhone 4.  When I had my 3G, I had a very bad experience where I was assured that a particular clock-mini-speakers I bought would work with it - but all it had was a cheap plastic adapter that the 3G kept falling out of - & then they gave me a hard time about a refund.This time, I was again getting either glib reassurances & non-specific information, "sorry out of stock"s, or  NO OPEN floor samples I could look at, at 3 other stores (including the big A Store with a lot of Jobs), not to mention conflicting info on Amazon & upon Googling.  So I thought to go into the iStore. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised! They had open, plugged in items that I could actually test my iPhone 4 in to make sure it worked. Even better, I began chatting with the guys there about various other iPhone &  MacBook Pro issues, & found they had FAR more knowledge about BOTH the phone & it's peripherals and MacBook Pro's (and HONESTY about them) than I ever got from the "really-really-smart" folks at the Big-A-Store-with-Jobs who will promise you anything. So, I would definitely go back there for honest advice & I would certainly bring in anything that needed warranty service.  They also have a pretty nice selection of peripherals and better yet, they know WHAT WORKS WITH WHAT!
5	Dear apple I am a longtime Mac computer user.just got the iPad and love it . The Istore customer service is the best of all the local stores that are locally and owned by the corporation. The staff are very helpful and willing to go the extra mile. Thank you for the past, present and future service. Suzanne a loyal customer forever.
3	The I Store is a reliable alternative to the big box Apple store which always seems busy and bit crazy. We've come here a few times and have found the folks behind the counter friendly and very helpful. In fact in some instances we have found items you cannot purchase anywhere else. My new "chill pill" speakers for my iPhone for one.Nice job!
5	This store is fantastic! Whenever I go in to get some help, the store is always clean and organized. They are always very kind and answer all my questions. If you want great service, go here.
