4	Wonderful selection of High Quality Stone; Super-friendly Sales Service.
5	Maria,Ann and I are pleased to write this Testimonial to the outstanding work your company provided us in the selection and installation of our new granite countertops in our kitchen.It was a pleasure working with you in laying out how our kitchen would be done, and most importantly, your help in selecting our granite.  You had a wonderful selection to chose from in your warehouse, and your guidance in helping us with our final selection was superb.Your total pricing, while not the lowest, was fair and equitable for the outstanding work your performed.Leo measured our kitchen with state-of-the-art electronic equipment (your company was the only bidder we had that used such measuring equipment), and his measurements proved to be perfectly accurate the day of installation.Perhaps the best part was the quality and professionalism of your installation team.  They arrived on time, took great care in the work they were doing, finished on time and left our home very clean.  You can be proud of your installers: they represent Papagno's extremely well.In short, we could not be more pleased, and both Ann and I would be very willing to speak to anyone about your company in a very positive manner.Thanks again for everything!Ann and Perry
5	Once again I cannot say enough good things about the service and product from Maria. Our finished kitchen is beautiful!
5	Papagno's is fantastic!  They came to my aid and installed a beautiful vanity top in 2 days.  2 days!!!  They are a family ran business and they all work together to get the job done and to make their customers happy.  I went in with a cabinet door and a picture and they all worked with me to find the right piece and style.  Their selection is across the board and I have seen some of the most gorgeous and unique slabs and remnants (petrified wood, quartzite, marble).  I have also seen the most superb edges and finishes on counter tops that were finished and ready for installation.  Seamless and stunning.  You find a piece in their warehouse, they come to your house and measure, they fabricate, and then they install.  It is all inclusive.  That makes it easy and hassle-free.  We are filled with gratitude for what they did for us and the quality of their work.  (They deliver top quality which we have had such a hard time finding.)  We used them for another vanity top and will continue to use them for other projects we have.  Go see their work in the warehouse.  It will give you goose bumps!
5	They did a fabulous job fabricating my granite and worked closely with us throughout the process.  My cabinet guys delayed our remodel twice yet Maria really came through for us.  Maria and her team hustled to work around delays she had no control over and yet still managed to have the granite installed the same day as was promised when we first signed our agreement.  Job well done and a business with integrity.
5	Finally a fabricator with granite supply under one roof. After searching all over the valley for granite I finally stumbled into Papagno's in Scottsdale. Although they are a full service fabricator they have a warehouse full of granite so you don't have to source the granite yourself. If you're patient and are willing to spend sometime searching through Maria's inventory you will find yourself very pleased. Maria is a sweetheart and she's very honest and direct. Her shop is always busy so you know that she does good work. I highly recommend using Papagno's when you need granite.
5	My clients granite was installed and it looks incredible. Don't let people fool you, there is an art to cutting and fabricating granite. Leo works with the granite like art work, he has an eye for detail. All the grain lines up from back-splash to counter top, truly a work of art.  I wish you could post pictures here!
5	These folks did an outstanding job of fabrication and installation of our new counter tops. They have a great showroom, lots of selection, and the staff there is just the best.Its important to point at that when the fabricator matches the grain of the granite counter top through the edges and back splashes then you know extra time and care was taken to get it right. Of course this is not always possible but when it is these folks will do it. Another important point about workmanship is that our job included a counter joining a curved wall with a back splash. The installation required smaller pieces of backsplash cut to fit and follow the curve while still adhering to the pattern. The installer did it this way and it looks outstanding.We will always call Maria at Papagnos when in need of marble or granite...period.
5	A friend of mine referred me to Papagno's and they lived up to everything she told me about them.  Maria and I walked thru all their amazing inventory of slabs and we selected one that went perfectly with our cabinets and flooring. I was unsure as to how to finish the edge and went with Maria's suggestion.  She was spot on with her ideas. They also carried sinks at an excellent price.  Within several weeks they came out and measured, fabricated the granite and installed the countertop.  Our bathroom has been transformed!
1	I had granite installed in my bathroom. The folks at Papagno's seemed helpful enough, but after this experience, I would not use them again.I called them initially and they gave me a quote to add granite for my bathroom. The quote seemed O.K. so I went to their store to work out the details. Basically I wanted a 2cm granite in a fairly common color. It should be pretty simple.We talked about what we wanted to Maria, and she told us instead of 2cm granite, she would "upgrade" us to 3cm for no charge. I wasn't really in favor, but I agreed if the backsplash was made to look correct. She said "We'd never want you to have something that didn't look good."  My guess was that they had a scrap of 3cm that they wanted to use. We pay a deposit and leave.A few days later we get a call from them, saying that since we have 3cm granite, we need to pay additional money to have the backsplash shaved down.  I told them the 3cm granite was not my choice and I wasn't paying any more.A few days go by and they call back. They "found" some 2cm granite and we needed to go in to approve it. O.K. we go in and the granite looks fine, and we pick an edge. Also, we asked them if they could give use the scrapes of granite from the sink cutouts, and they say fine.They call a few days later to give us the install date. They can't give us a time, but say they will call the night before with the time. Never get a call, but at 8am the installers arrive. The installers seem to do a good job, but we notice the edge was not the one we asked for. Also, we ask about the scrap pieces, and the installers know nothing about either problem. We call the store and they explain the edge was the edge talked about initially but they never apologized for their mistake.  We asked about the scrap pieces, and they said they had them, would "polish" them, and they would call us when they were ready. They have never called and it was two weeks ago.Every other granite company we have ever used  always had the sink(s) installed before the granite was delivered. Papagno's installed it on-site. Now I know why the others DON'T install on-site. The smell of the glue was horrible, and it took days for it to go away. The granite looks good, but with the hassles and deceptions we  experienced, I would NEVER use them again. Never again.
