3	This little strip mall is across the street from Concord Mills, which means you have probably driven past a number of times - I know I have.  We decided to stop one night to see if the burgers were worthwhile.  Though we're still full from the experience, I think we're still deciding.When you go in, you get a sheet where you place your order - check off the burger you want, as well as the toppings, and hand it to the cashier.  With your burger, you'll get fries and a drink, which helps with the price (it's a bit pricey).The burgers are also huge (1/2 pound prior to cooking), which also assists with the price.  If you don't think you can handle the whole thing, you might want to consider the kids meal, which is half the size.  Or try a hot dog or a garden burger or something.Staff at Foster's is friendly, but the location is a bit unfriendly.  The problem is that it's completely open - the noise from other patrons carries way too much, so that you often can't hear yourself, your friends or even the other people.  Just way too much noise in the place.  That's not always a bad thing, but it was so bad that it felt like leaving a really loud concert.The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  While I'm still stuffed, and that can be a good thing, it just wasn't outstanding.  Because of the amount of food, I didn't feel ripped off, but it certainly wasn't the best burger that I had.  Friday nights you can get endless fries, but I wasn't even able to finish what I had - no way would I have been able to get more.
4	Burger and fries are great.  Not the best you will ever have, but definitely a quality burger.   The ease of ordering (by order slip) and ability to customize is nice. Wings are good if you like mild.  Very big and crisp just a bit too tame for me heat wise.  Ask for them hotter if you can.  Will definitely go back.  Awesome staff.
4	I like Foster's.  Their burgers are actually cooked over flames which gives it a great taste and the fries appear to be hand-cut freshly in the kitchen.  In the summer their tomatoes seem almost home-grown which is a big plus.  The food is good and the portions are large.  This is not a Mickey D's substitute, it probably more closely competes with Five Guys and I think it is better, and a better value.
3	It's amazing how many times we've been to Concord Mills and never really looked at the eating options across the street.  Unfortunately, this place probably won't bring me back.First off, i would probably give the burgers 2 stars. i personally don't enjoy the charburger. When i screw up at home or forget i have burgers on the grill, that's when i end up with a charburger. It's not something i would request. Their fries were alright. They did seem like a fresh cut fry variety although i would like some seasoning on them. Not a large menu beyond the burgers, but if i end up here again, i might try the wings or even their hot dog sounded good. Since the burger came with a drink, i opted out of getting a beer which disappointed me as well. We did get a chocolate milkshake and overall it didn't impress me. It tasted a lot like a Wendy's frosty (Not that it's bad, but it's cheaper at Wendy's).The reasons they ended up with 3 stars: -great, friendly service-outdoor seating-surprising variety of drafts (1554, fat tire and a few others)-$2 domestic on Saturday and Sunday (i think...check local listings)-They have a coupon in the Entertainment book for BOGO entree, so it was reasonably priced for my visit
5	Love this place. Had to get used to the new management team. My wife and myself make an effort to come once week.  In my eye its a little pricey.  Over all worth the money. Its about $9 a person.
3	Feels like a local grill but in reality it is a small chain.  Burger was great with a lot of taste.   Staff was pleasant and quick.   I would eat here again.  No need for fast food if you can get good food.  Bonus they have cold beer on tap.
2	Char burger describes the burger I had also. And my burger with one slice of cheese , fries and iced tea......$9.72. I'll pass.
4	Stopped here for lunch today.  Had a turkey burger and it was great.  Ordering at the counter was a new experience, but at least it doesn't make me feel obligated to tip.  Order tickets have all the sandwiches and orders on it..  you end up circling your order and all the toppings you want on it.I splurged and went with the onion rings instead of fries.  They were pretty good.I'd say this this a good lunch option place (especially for those that work around the Concord Mills area).  There is a nice outdoor patio and plenty of places to park.  There wasn't much of a lunch rush so it was pretty calm in the dining room.  Really relaxed and laid back feel.  I'll come back to try a real char burger... but the turkey burger was very good!
4	Great burgers. Just make sure you tell them how you want your burger cook.
5	Been coming here since it opened and still a favorite burger joint, and I dont even eat burgers. lol  The grilled chicken sandwich is good and has a good char-grilled flavor.  The fries are exceptional!!!!  I can just have a bucket of those fries, they are so good.My husband absolutely loves the burgers and all our out-of-towner friends and family whom we have brought here have thoroughly enjoyed their burger.Love the options list and that you get to be specific about what you want on your sandwich on your individual order form.  Saves the trouble and disappointment of having to return your food when done wrong.Great casual family place.
4	Charburger was about a pound, it was huge and delicious! Ice Cream Shakes were great too.
3	I'm going to give this three stars because of the price and atmosphere. The food is damn good but it is expensive compared to what I'm use to (college). They have a good amount of drafts, but I would check out the tavern right next door if you are looking for a bar. The fries are only good when they are hot. This place to me is a little more better than a fast food joint, yet not classy enough that I would take a date to.
3	OK returned a second time and cheeseburger was really good this time , not over cooked and Onion rings were excellant.  But for goodness sakes, at a place you have to order your food at a counter, a single cheeseburger, onion rings and a diet coke was $11.00 ?????????
4	This is a hamburger joint that is bordering on greatness. With the right sensei running this place, I think they could overtake Five Guys as the go-to quick hamburger fix restaurant. Somewhere my rating falls between 3-4 stars.Fosters' Grille is a chain restaurant but this is the only NC location, which is a bit sad. I'm not a big fan of Concord Mills' mall itself, but they have the biggest varierty of different restaurants in one area. I think FG should try to venture out into Charlotte and give the competition, well, a little competition. Better than Smash Burgers and Five Guys in the taste department, that's a definite, but there's some pros/cons involved. Location is a bit tricky to find/get into. Good luck there.Pro:  You're able to fill out a menu ticket: choose your sandwiches, sides, drinks, shakes. Choose what you want on anything and everything. Con:  I can see the ticket being a little confusing to some. It could stand to be a little more user-friendly. When I gave it to the cashier, I noticed she made some adjustments, and asked the cook if he/she understood it. Also, you don't know where to actually turn in this menu if there isn't an alert employee at the counter. Where is the counter exactly? It all looks like one long bar. Some proper signage would help. Pros: My burger tasted like it was cooked on a charcoal grill in my backyard. Yep, homemade taste. Juicy meat and soft bun. Toppings were fresh and even. Chili cheese fries were perfect without drowning too badly (getting soggy) in the mix of things. Drinks, self-serve, which always makes me happy. Food is delivered to your table (eventually).Cons: PRICE. Holy $#@%! It cost $25+ for the two of us. We each got a burger, drinks, and split a basket of those wonderful CC fries. It costs about the same at Five Guys and Smash Burgers, but whoa nelly that's a lot of scratch for burgers and fries. That's a wake-up call to all restaurants involved. There's a somewhat of a long wait on the food and you're at a loss as to how they'll get it to you. You're not given a number for your table or anything. We were recognized but I can see having to flag them down if they're crowded.Your pal,WalterI would love to go back and try some of their other menu items (especially a shake), but I never really have a good reason to travel out that far and if I do, there's so many other restaurants to consider eating at. Please, FG, take a risk and open something closer to home. "If you build it, they will come."
4	I am always up for a new place, especially one that offers burgers and wings.  Came here after a movie and my partner in crime wanted wings... I don't like the 2 wings joints down the road so I was scrambling for an alternative. Foster's Grille to the rescue!So the decor is a bit confusing, it is a potpourri of sports stuffs.  It's very mom & pop feel yet I was a little surprised by the price. Burger itself was over $5. After adding cheese and bacon that's $7 and still haven't had side or drink. All orders are self customized. I ended up with the burger special which was the egg burger with bacon and cheese. I also tried his wings and fries. Overall good food.  Very friendly service. They also offer turkey and veggie burger, hot dog, boneless wings and cheesesteak etc.  And beer battered onion rings (not the corn meal ones).  I think it's a great joint.  It has a little something something for everyone.
4	If you're looking for a greasy burger and fries joint, this is the place to go. The burgers are good, greasy and very messy. The fries are also greasy but really good. It's the kind of thing that after you eat it you are totally disgusted with yourself but it was SO good going down!
4	We had cheeseburgers, wings and a Turkey sandwich.  All were terrific. Decor is fun. Burgers are generously sized, flavorful, and not greasy. Toppings are fresh and tasty. Prefer these burgers over 5 guys any time.
4	Good burgers, good fries, good wings, and cold beer.  The owner always seems to have something interesting on tap.Family atmosphere, although it can be a little pricy at times for what you get.  Still, I enjoy going there for a good burger and a beer.
3	We've been here maybe a half dozen times in two years. Food has been hit or miss. The burgers are usually good but the chicken (fried and grilled) has been dry/tough at least twice.   We've also had some rather long wait times to get our food. Though I wouldn't say its a bad place to eat, due to the inconsistencies and better nearby options, we're taking Fosters off our frequent eateries list.
3	This is a solid 3 star place.  I went for lunch 8 days ago with a work friend.  We sat outside.  the Good: I had the veggie burger (fried, not grilled) as a 'meal' with fries and a regular size drink.  The veggie burger was probably one of the best of these I've ever had.  I've had them several places, even at Cosmic Ray's in Tomorrowland, and they usually are *terrible*.  This one was good.  Fries were tasty.  The service was nice: they seemed interested in whether we came back, so I'll give them points for that.  Always good :)!the Bad: The charge was $9.36 for the veggie burger meal.  My friend got a charburger meal, same sizes of everything: $10.36.  Given this the drink seemed small (and a foam cup!) and the amount of fries seemed small, even though I ended up full enough.  For the same or less money at FiveGuys you feel like you get more fries and a better drink cup, plus free peanuts.  You may say I am kibbitzing (not the same as kibbutzing) but when you have 2 places close in price you try to separate them and look at value.  They also seem to expect a tip here, whereas at FiveGuys it is not so.  Now if you are paying $11.00 for burger and fires, then adding a tip, I'll skip the soda pop and go to Red Robin.  Unlimited awesome fries, huge burger (or whatever), you see my point.The interior also seemed in need of help, for 2 reasons.  I just felt like I didn't want to sit inside.  The FiveGuys dining room comes off as inviting, unlike this place, but I couldn't tell you why.  Also: when they made the charburgers, stuff was charring.  Literally smoke is coming through the kitchen pass-through and kind of hanging in the dining room.  They may have had a vent issue that day or I don't know what, but when it got going there was some smoke going on.
5	Food was unreal.  Was in town on a business trip and this was a home run for a quick lunch.  I usually dip my fry's in ranch, and this was the best ranch I have ever had. Beef was pure and cooked perfectly.
2	Foster's Grille was a bit of a disappointment for me.  The food was decent but it seemed to take forever and was incredibly overpriced.  Upon entering this low key establishment, you walk to the counter and order via a checklist style ticket.  You pay and then head to your table where the meal is eventually delivered to you.  You eat surrounded by distasteful decor hanging from the ceiling and the one employee yells from the counter to ask you, "How's your burger?"  Burgers and shakes.  It's not difficult, therefore easily outdone.  Meh.
3	Not a bad place.  The burger was good I'd have another but still not in the top 5 in Charlotte.  Fries where not so good but the onion rings where great.  Mini me loved the ballon guy.
3	Foster's Grille is just an OK spot to grab a burger. Burgers are good but not great and not worth the price you pay. It is basically a build your own burger concept. Our last visit was lackluster. Fries were overcooked and simply terrible. The cheesesteak isn't flavorful at all. The bacon cheeseburger was descent (according to the fiance). There are other great places to get burgers. Not really impressed by Foster's.
5	Been there several times, tired different items on the menu, food is always great. Charburger, & fries, so much better than Five Guys. Turkeyburger and onion rings, excellent. Haven't found a better burger for a "quick" lunch or dinner.
5	These people that give this place 3 stars need to try it again. My husband, my son and I have been here about 5 times in the last few months and it is consistently delicious. Burgers have great flavor. The grilled chicken sandwiches are very moist and tender. The fries and onion rings are excellent! Everyone we've taken there has loved it. We will continue to come back. Great service and very friendly staff too!
3	Visited for the 1st time. Establishment was not crowded, defiantly a burger joint. Good for Lunch, families, or casual dinners.Pricing is comparable to 5 Guys or other burger joints. For 2 people spent 25+ they do have specials throughout the week.The burgers defiantly had a chargrilled taste but was simply just okay. The hand cut fries were just okay as well. Would maybe go back on a special day but not to pay full price.
5	In the mood for a flame broiled burger?  This is the place.  Great burger and exceptional fries...
4	Great concept and THE BEST homemade fresh fries EVER!!! Great sandwiches and burgers at a respectable price. Need to improve drink selections and desserts
5	Great food, great staff. Very clean. Indoor and outdoor seating...outdoor has a covered area. Not crowded at all during lunch time even though it is a race weekend. Right across from Concord Mall/Bass Pro area.  Wife and I both got Charburger and fries combo with all the topping we like for around 24 bucks. DELICIOUS! Similar to Five Guys but a whole lot more on the menu!
