3	So I called to make reservations for lunch at Bella Serra in Market Square and discovered upon my arrival that they were now Sienna.The good news:  great location, some nice outside seating, and a fairly small indoor area that has a nice, rustic Italian feel.  The bad news: service was a little slow during lunch and it took forever for someone to take our order.  Also, I ordered the margherita flat bread.  It was piled high with finely chopped basil, which I love, but the edges of the crust were way overcooked and impossible to cut through let alone bite through while the center of the flat bread was way too soggy.   They seemed to use canned or at least marinated tomatoes.  As a result, there was a ton of sauce/liquid, which made the bread so soggy in the middle.  I think they would have been way better off with thinly sliced fresh tomatoes.  Having said this, I'd like to go back and try something else off the menu to see if that is any better.  The styling on the plates of the other guests looked appealing and it looked like a good wine list.  I'm thinking I may just have ordered the wrong thing.
5	In sum, delicious and perfectly cooked dishes and a well executed menu. I will be back (at least monthly). Just thinking about my dining experience here is making me hungry for more!The decor is beautiful. Elegant and simple. Every restaurants strives for that feeling and few are able to provide it.My husband and I sat at the bar as we were walk-ins without a reservation. Our bartender waiter was efficient, knowledgeable, and polite.For our starters we shared the grilled mediterranean octopus. AMAZING! The octopus was perfectly cooked and properly seasoned. It has the perfect texture that is meaty and succulent but tender on the tooth and with a very mild flavor. Yum!For my main course, I ordered the sweet corn and lobster risotto. Wow, what a foodgasm. Wow. The lobster tail was luscious, moist, and tender. The lobster was definitely an appropriate size for the money and was placed on top of the risotto. Plump grilled cherry tomatoes were scattered about the risotto whose candied acidity perfectly balanced the sweet corn and succulent lobster and cheeses. I eat this dish so fast, I could not get enough. The risotto was cooked to perfection. The quintessential meaning of "al dente". I would request this dish on my top 5 last meals on this planet. 'Nuff said.My husband ordered the braised lamb osso bucco. This dish was served with roasted garlic mashed potatoes, grilled baby carrots and fresh horseradish. As a good osso bucco should be the meat fell off the bone with a spoon. Rich and comforting in flavors. Another must have!I would give this place 6 stars if I were given the option. I will eat here again before I boast it to be one of my top three favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.
3	Stopped in here while in town and since I didn't have a reservation, I had to sit at the bar. It's a cute little restaurant in Market Square with both indoor and outdoor seating. It was restaurant week in Pittsburgh, so I went with the $20 3-course meal which included a choice of salad, entree, and a dessert. The arugula salad was good with roasted peppers and fresh shavings of parmesan cheese in it. The Rigatoni & Shrimp pasta was in a basil pesto creme sauce and was OK, but I wished it had a few more shrimps other than three of them. I went with the tirimisu and was quite disappointed. First off, it was served in a glass cup, which I've never seen before and it had a distinct citrusy taste to it. I love tirimisu so I've had a lot of them over the years, and this was by far my least favorite. Service was just OK and a bit slow for my liking. Portion sizes tend to be on the smaller size here, but I'm OK with that as I don't want all the calories. Between the 3-courses, I left full. The price was good for what I got, but this was a reduced price for restaurant week, so had this been any other week and I paid normal prices (around $26 for what I had), I would say the place is a little over-priced.
3	Their flatbread appetizers were my favorite part of the meal. The prosciutto and arugula one was my favorite. For the rest of the meal I tried their restaurant week offering (Salad, Pasta, and Dessert).The salad was simple and fresh, but not memorable. The pasta was well made, in a very traditional execution. I guess I was hoping for something a little more unique and with a little flair (like their flatbread). For desert I chose the zeppoli. Sadly they were somewhat small, so they lacked the moist inside I expect from a zeppoli. This was a Yelp get together, so of course we discussed the meal. Out of seven diners the consensus around the table seemed to be that the meal would best be rated a 3.25, but until Yelp lets us do fractions of a star, it'll have to be a 3.
3	Love the atmosphere.  Unfortunately didn't really love the food as much...We went during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week so we were able to sample a little taste of everything.  Add in a couple flatbreads and apps and we seriously did some damage to the menu!  Hearing that the flatbreads were the way to go, we choose the tomato and basil and prosciutto and arugula.  The winner was absolutely the prosciutto.  The tomato one fell very flat against the flavorful prosciutto.  We also ordered the stuffed hot banana peppers.  They also fell flat and didn't offer half as much flavor as this usually flavorful dish should.  Plus, they were uber tiny.  Literally two tiny peppers that were barely able to be split between two people.I had the Caesar salad for the first course, which was way too salty.  I realize that it was probably "authentic" in the way they used anchovy, but it was overkill.  If you're ever looking for a killer Caesar head to Lidia's in the Strip, they know how to do it!  Second course was the Rigatoni and Shrimp.  The rigatoni was al dente, which I like.  The sauce was okay, but nothing special.  The shrimp was the standout of the meal.  It had three jumbo shrimp and all of them were fresh and delicious!  If those shrimp weren't included the dish would have been a letdown.  The third course I chose the cannoli duo.  I was really not impressed.  It was a grainy filling and I wasn't too into the lemon/chocolate chip combo. It left me craving a real dessert somewhere... hence drinking more afterwards:)My dinning buddies all agreed it just wasn't a memorable food experience.  There's dishes I still think of because they were so good.  This joint is new, so hopefully they have a bit to work on some things... hopefully!
5	My aunt and uncle came into town and from Atlanta and they heard from locals they should try Sienna for dinner. I live on the south side and had never heard of it so I was excited to go there. My boyfriend and I met them there and the atmosphere was very cool. We had reservations and were seated straight away. The server was very attentive the whole night and he suggested delicious drinks! I had an agave tequila cocktail and it was so uniquely delicious! We ordered a few appetizers, four main courses and two deserts. All of them were delicious and they came out at what seemed like perfect timing. My favorite of all that I tried was the pork chop. It was juicy and perfectly cooked. I would reccomend this place for anyone- from a romantic night with your significant other to a relaxed night with family! The prices are higher because the restaurant is more upscale, but I will definitely be back for a special night!
4	I had another tasty meal last night. I did deduct a star this time since our server was not the best and the plating of our entrees was sloppy. I ordered the Octopus again. I could not resist. It was just as delicious, juicy, and sweet as it was last time. Yum. My husband ordered the veal meatballs. I never would have ordered the meatballs. I'm not a big meatball fan. Nonetheless, I am NOW. Loved the veal meatballs, gooey cheese, pignoli nuts served with a bright, fragrant, fresh, and sassy tomato sauce. Double yum. I was tempted to order meatballs to go.Sadly, my sweet corn lobster risotto was not on the menu. In its place is lobster risotto made with zucchini. I like the menu evolving with fresh seasonal ingredients although disappointed that their website menu states they still have the sweet corn risotto which is why my disappointment lingered. I was also disappointed to see cheese thrown on my plate and hanging off the side. Really? Is the expeditor sick today? Nevertheless, the dish tasted great. Another perfect al dente risotto coupled with grilled tomatoes and cubed zucchini. Everything tasted delicious but I will confess I am unsure the zucchini did anything for the dish. The sweet corn on the previous preparation added an undeniable sweet profile- the zucchini..not so much. Nevertheless, I practically licked my plate clean as I love the remaining flavors.My husband had the papperdelle bolognese. Another dish served with food seeping down the side of the plates. Aesthetics aside- Wow! Another delicious and flavorful dish. I loved this. The noodles were fresh and soft bathed in a rich and complex tasting bolognese. Every ingredient was present and required. Lovely dish I would recommend highly. Lastly- the chef's tasting menu. I asked our waiter what today's tasting was and he said whatever the chef decides. Yes, I get that hence the name. But what has chef decided today? Still fumbling by the waiter. Hmm. Not sure if this is the impression that the restaurant is seeking to make but I never do blind tastings. The only chef's tastings I have seen and partaking in were able to tell me before ordering what I would be receiving today.  It's a shame they lost out on making more money from me and who knows how many others if they would just explain it daily.
5	i really liked sienna. i didn't know what to expect going in, but i certainly wasn't disappointed. we ordered the parmesan stuffed meatballs and the meat and cheese tray for appetizers. the meatballs were good as were the fancy meats and cheeses. for entrees, i split a tuna melt and a bbq sandwich with Sheryl T. the bbq was good, very interesting with the veggies in it, but the bun was a little soggy. the tuna melt was delicious, and a lot more filling than i expected. we got a side of pasta salad with one and chips with the other. the pasta salad was good but nothing super special. the chips on the other hand were quite possibly the best i've ever had.. the rosemary-herb topping made them irresistible.our bartender was also super nice and helpful. they gave us the wrong bill by accident but he quickly fixed that for us, and the price turned out to be quite reasonable.
5	Dear Sienna Sulla Piazza, you are delicious. Thank you for making my mouth water.Okay so maybe that's not quite how this review is gonna go but its pretty damn close. Anyway, I've been to Sienna twice already for lunch and I can say both experiences have been great. My server/bartender the first time was amazing. I can't remember what her name was but all the suggestions she gave were spot on. Plus, she let me try some fun wines that she thought I might like. That visit I had their meatball and ricotta flatbread, greens and beans, and their cheese plate. Id highly recommend their Greens & Bean. It's not a large portion but what you get is extremely delicious. Their meatball & ricotta flatbread pizza wasn't half bad either. Not my favorite but definitely worth a try if you want to get a little craaaazy pizza wise.My second visit I went with Tessa M. We decided to sit at the bar for lunch and snack on yet again for me but for Tessa her first time the meat plate (i can't help it if I like meat and cheese), the two fist sized meatball stuffed with a little sliver of cheese (i wish there was more), and both the pulled pork BBQ sandwich and tuna melt. Personally I don't like tuna and I don't think I ever will so I wasn't a fan of said melt. But the pulled pork on the other hand was delicious full of flavour and a bit of tang. Tessa might say the reverse but I can't help what I like. We could've opted for dessert but alas we're tiny women so we can only stuff our faces so much. At the end of the day it was definitely a satisfying visit. I'm looking forward to trying more scrumptious bites here!
5	I ate here for dinner late this past Thursday night with my girlfriend.  We were downtown already and decided to see what was open in Market Square at a later time on a weeknight.  I actually was unaware that this restaurant was even there since the last time I had walked by it had been Bella Serra, but boy am I glad that it is.  The inside of the restaurant is not too much different from the previous restaurants here with the brick walls showing and some art.  They did add a rolling door to the front that allows it to be open to Market Square.For dinner I decided to have the strazzopreti & wild mushrooms with a side of orzo mac & cheese while my girlfriend went with the tomato bisque and a poached pear salad.  We asked that it all be brought out together and within a reasonable time period it was.  My strazzopreti and mushrooms consisted of the pasta, an assortment of mushrooms, spinach and onions in a cream sauce while my mac and cheese looked pretty non descript.  At first I was unsure of how I would like my pasta, but wow, was it good.  The pasta seemed fresh and was cooked al dente giving it just a slightly different texture than the large number of mushrooms that it was paired with.  Overall it had a nice earthy flavor that I thoroughly enjoyed.   After finishing my pasta I moved onto my mac & cheese.  It might very well have been the best mac and cheese that I have ever eaten at a restaurant.  It was very rich and creamy and you could actually taste the mixture of different cheeses.  I only wished that there would have been pepper on the table to cut into some of the richness of it.  While I was eating all of this my girlfriend was also enjoying her meal.  I was able to taste her poached pear salad, specifically the roasted garlic mascarpone port vinaigrette and it was extremely tasty.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  I went in without any expectations and it and it totally blew me away and so I am looking forward to trying some more of the chefs creations.
4	The hubby and I went here before the opera on a Friday night after not being able to get into Nola and we were really happy that we did.  I started out with a glass of reisling which was definitely on the sweet side.  Since I love sweet wine, I was in heaven.  WE then ordered two apps - the mushroom bruschetta and the crab cake.  We order crab cakes almost everywhere we go, so there is a lot of comparisons that happen.  This one lone crab cake was definitely not high on the list of the best - it was too small, not that fantastic of a flavor.  However, it was served with an awesome lemon and basil sauce that complimented it well.  The mushroom brushetta had fresh tomatoes, a pile of arugula and interesting mushrooms covering the grilled bread.  It was amazing!  A great combination of flavors and the grilled bread really added to the flavor.  For the main course, I had the butternut squash ravioli and a veal meatball.  J had the pork chop.  When my plates came, the meatball was about the size of my head and was covered in marinara.  All of it was delicious.  The meatball was perfectly cooked, had just the right amount of mozzarella inside and the tomato sauce was sweet, but not too sweet.  The butternut squash was interesting.  I think that for such a delicate flavor, you need a thin, not strongly flavored  dough.  Unfortunately, this one was very al dente and too thick.  Also, there wasn't really enough butternut squash in the ravioli for my taste.  What I did taste was fantastic, but there wasn't really enough filling.  The sauce was a thin sauce, not really sure what it was, but it was really good with the ravioli.  It was topped with tomatoes and braised short ribs that were awesome.  J's pork chop was moist and flavorful.  It was served on a bed of pulled pork.  It was interesting and different and he loved it.Sadly, we didn't have enough time for dessert.  But we will definitely be back.
4	Located near NOLA and the Nicholas Coffee Co, Sienna is small enough to miss if you aren't careful.I had the Antipasto Flatbread and tomato bisque for a quick lunch on a brisk November afternoon.  The flatbread was flavorful, spicy, bordering on overdone, but tasty.  The cheese and ingredients had separated from the bread, and given that it wasn't fully cut was sort of a pain in the butt to eat. The tomato bisque was good, served lightning hot(even when taken back to my desk), and definitely did the trick of warming me up.While I think execution was slightly off on the flatbread, I definitely see promise in the overall menu and the freshness of the ingredients, like the herbs on top of the flatbread. The flavor was definitely there.If you're sharp, you'll notice that they chose the English spelling of Siena over the Italian.  I was lucky enough to be there years ago, visiting the Piazza del Campo and the famous Siena Cathedral, amongst other sites.
4	Decided to stop here for lunch while walking around Market Square. It's not the biggest restaurant you'll find around here, but it's certainly the coziest. It looks like a former street level garage, with all brick walls/floors and low ceiling, which was wisely converted into the upscale, Italian spot. I liked the vibe and feel of it almost immediately.After looking over the various menu options, I decided on the Homemade Sausage sandwich with a side of pasta salad. Sometimes this can be a risky order in some places, not knowing the consistency or spiciness of the meat. Neither was an issue as the sausage was tender, not fatty, and seasoned perfectly, not too bland or too hot. I just wished there was more of it or a smaller accompanying bun. The pasta salad was also good compliment side dish, pretty standard.The bartender was somewhat apathetic, maybe battling a case of The Mondays, but this was a pretty solid place otherwise.
5	I don't usually bother to write reviews but my experience at Sienna was so great that I felt compelled. I was seated at a perfect hightop overlooking bustling Market Square. My server Mathew had a European accent and was extremely attentive. The atmosphere was warm and wonderful. MOST OF ALL THE FOOD IS AWESOME!! Chopped salad with a wonderful homemade dressing topped with grilled shrimp and a cup of tomato bisque took me from my Steeltown to Tuscany!
4	An unexpected treat. Small and intimate restaurant in the middle of market square. Make reservations if you don't want to sit at the bar...but it is worth the wait. Meatballs were fabulous and the the butternut squash ravioli was savory and delicious. We will definitely return next time we're in Pittsburgh.
5	Here with 5 friends recently.  The food was fabulous-- can't say enough about the lobster risotto which was so full of lobster flavor it was amazing.  The calimari was perfect-- crunchy and crisp and not at all greasy.  The desserts--we shared 3 different ones--were wonderful.Our waiter was knowledgeable and friendly. Overall a super meal.
3	Best waiter encountered in the Pittsburgh restaurant scene in recent years. Food was tasty and  has great potential.  Slightly over-cooked bass buried under too many potato strings but with an absolutely delicious sauce. Grisly yet still delish veal meatball sloppily presented on too small of a plate in a truly authentic red sauce. The tuna, bolognese, and salmon were also ordered and fellow diners enjoyed it but didn't rave. Will definitely return to try other dishes.
5	My second visit and I'm so glad i came back. First of all, they serve my favorite wine, Nero d'Avola. I can vouch for the Greens and Beans appetizer - it has escarole, white beans, sausage and a marvelous Chianti gravy. The parmesan-stuffed meatballs oozing deliciousness, and the buccatini (tube-shaped spaghetti) were perfectly al dente. Homemade gnocchi were flavorful little pillows accompanied with wild boar (!), zucchini, beans and bacon in a tomato sauce. I will definitely be back to try some of the other items.
4	I travel to Pittsburgh a fair amount for business, so I'm always in search of good lunch spots. I can safely say that this will earn a high spot in my stable. My coworkers steered us here on a recent visit, and it was a lovely experience. Service was efficient but not rushed, and all of us were quite enthusiastic about our food. I had a delightfully rich carbonara that had the perfect balance of peas and pancetta in a sinful egg sauce. Aside from nearly falling asleep in a meeting after that, I couldn't have been happier with lunch.
5	Fellow Downtowners, be different! Rather than the usual lunch spots at Market Square, sit at the bar, call for a Rissotto and find your day just get better from there. The service at the table can be slow during lunch, however the service at the bar was quick. The food isnt priced ridiculously high and you will certainly enjoy the experience.
5	I can truly say with out a doubt that I've NEVER had a bad experience at Sienna. Last week on Valentine's Day was the best. It was my fifth experience at Sienna fourth for dinner. We were greeted with smiles from hostess and manager, Mike. Seated immediately and greeted again by, Matthew. First, I'd like to thank Chef Porco for hiring such an attentive, knowledgeable staff. Particularly, Matthew. His attention to detail of the menu was very impressive (and we love the French accent!). Our first order was an Italian Montepulciano for $40.We decided on three courses...the anchovy crostini and the mussels arrabiata. Both very flavorful and yummy. I almost forgot about the homemade bread with white bean spread flavored with truffle and olive oil. Yummy!The mesculan salad may seem simple but the kalamata olives, whipped goat cheese and red pepper vinaigrette just made it a much greater experience for the taste buds.It was difficult to choose the last course. I'm a big fan of their meatballs and I knew I couldn't resist. So the Bucatini with their signature mozzarella stuff meatballs (size of baseballs) won! My sweetheart ordered my second choice, the Lamb Osso Buco...a large delectable portion of meat with mashed potatoes and carrots. As decent and fair minded Americans, we, of course, shared plates (thanks sweetie!). All courses were delicious and unique. The lamb tender, falling off bone. The meatballs melt in your mouth. We did not leave with a doggie bag.Kudos to Sienna for your efforts to ensure that the service, food, and atmosphere is unique, fun, and delicious. I hope more restaurants can use you as a benchmark, particularly with service and knowledge of food and wine.
2	Great addition to Market Square, but typical Italian food. We had a great time and the drinks came quick, but the food came a little slow. We waited for 35 minutes between salad and entree. Not horrible, but we were four guys and hungry. The salad was the best part of my meal. I had the Sienna Chopped. The short ribs off the bone... Not that special. You would also think a Mac&Cheese Risotto would be awesome, but it was not. Good pricing and a nice venue, but maybe do a progressive night in Market Square, starting with salad or apps at Sienna and then dinner somewhere else.
5	Hands down one of the best Italian Restaurants in my hometown of Pittsburgh.  The restaurant is small and quaint. The atmosphere reminded my of a NYC restaurant. Staff is wonderful. Bartender made my wife a great dirty martini. I ate the Bolognese dish with an added meatball stuffed with cheese and my wife had the gnocchi. All pastas are homemade. Dessert topped off the night perfectly.
5	Pittsburgh has recently become a point of call for me, and one of the first things I do when entering a new area is consult with the Yelp universe.  Once again I've been the beneficiary of our community's generous input, as Sienna is an exceptional find.  Fantastic Italian inspired food, affable associates, and a contemporary decor will keep me coming back.  Had the Osso Bucco the first time around, and had to force myself to stop eating well after I was full.  Tonight I'm having the Chicken Picatta, and it's a delectable treat. Kudos Sienna...you have yourself a fan!
3	I have to agree with Rachel--the atmosphere is fantastic, and the food (and in my experience, service)--not so much.  This place is beautiful--exposed brick, modern styling, dark woods, candlelit.  Picture-perfect date night material.My husband and I walked in spontaneously and sat down at the bar five minutes before the end of happy hour, and the bartender gave us MAJOR attitude when we ordered off the HH menu.  (Chill, dude! Five minutes is five minutes!  The next round will be full price!)  We also split a flatbread and an appetizer, and there was really nothing special about it at all.  The chef was watching us eat from the kitchen door and he made me feel guilty for not enjoying the food.I also had to ask for them to turn their one television to the Pens game, and got attitude for that request as well. (It's a hockey night!!  This is Pittsburgh!!)I don't think I would come back unless I wanted to chat over drinks with the husband or a friend.
5	The chef of Sienna Sulla Piazza has not once but twice sent my taste buds on an Italian vacation.On my first visit the entire restaurant was reserved for lunch including three seats at the bar.  Impressive me thinks yes.  Sienna Sulla Piazza is a small 14 seater restaurant but obviously it's beloved by many for it to be booked solid for lunch!  From the first sip of my prosecco I knew that I was in good hands. The chef even brought the food out to me himself. The greens and beans were so flavorful and cooked with stewed fresh tomatoes and were served with grilled bread. I also ordered a Ceasar salad. To my surprise the anchovies in the salad where actually fresh not canned! After realizing this I knew things were done way differently at Sienna Sulla Piazza. Even though I was stuffed to the gills I just had to taste a dessert.  I got the raspberry tiramisu. It was so good I felt, gluttonously naughty eating it.  On my second visit I had the Mediterranean olives and gilled octopus.  The octopus was topped with roasted red peppers and oh so tender. Sienna is apparently chef owned, which the bartender explained makes a world of difference in how the food is prepared.   Bonus the bartenders are super friendly!
5	Stumbled upon this little gem on yelp when my mother and I flew into Pittsburgh to see family and wanted a bite to eat before heading out to the burbs...anyway, I can't say enough good things. Service was friendly, decor was tasteful and warm, and the food was delicious! We were so happy that we decided to take a chance on this place. I hope it continues to do well:)
3	The octopus toast was to die for, but the food was to die from, sadly. Ok, it wasn't that bad, but it was SO over salted, and when you are dropping big bucks on a romantic dinner, you don't want to leave with a lip puckering salty taste in your mouth. The ambiance was lovely, the waitstaff was accomadating, the area is cute and good for out of town visitors (and parking, if it's a weeknight after 6 p.m.). Still, when you drop $100 on a dinner for two, you expect a bit less salt.
5	Wonderful atmosphere and great service. First time at Market  Square and this was a great restaurant to experience the the evening. I had the duck with blueberries and it was great ! Would definitely return!
4	This is my first-ever review on Yelp! I went to Sienna Sulla Piazza last night for the first time and loooved it! We had made a reservation and were seated immediately. Our waiter was very nice - it did take a little bit for our order to be taken (we had waited about 15 min. after initially being greeted, where we then asked another server to get ours for us). That was the only "downside" to the evening. After our server came to us, he apologized for the wait and was super attentive the remainder of the evening. My date ordered a flatbread and I ordered the tomato bisque and the sienna chopped salad. The portions were perfect and the pricing was definitely reasonable. We kept saying over dinner how good everything was and how nice everyone (the hostess, servers, etc.) was to us. We will be back there for sure!! :)
5	The hostess is anything but inviting, so don't let that put a damper on your evening. We had dinner reservations for 9:30, so we arrived at 8:30 for pre dinner cocktails. I highly recommend reservations as this is a small place. We had stopped in here a few weeks ago for drinks and were back for dinner. We ordered French martini's and they were very tasty. I stopped at one as I had not eaten and was beginning to feel quite shaky. Our table was ready and we were seated. Our waiter was knowledgeable about the food and gave his recommendations. We both decided on the bucatini with mozzarella stuffed veal meatballs for dinner, I ordered the orzo Mac n cheese as an appetizer as I was starving, and my boyfriend had the tomato bisque. The tomato bisque was very tasty, and my orzo Mac n cheese was very creamy and delicious. I must note that there was not salt n pepper on the table, and that must be because you don't have a need for it. All dishes are seasoned well. Our dinners arrive and again, everything is extremely tasty. The meatball was seasoned perfectly and the mozzarella oozed out when you cut it in half. I will definitely be back again. This is a great place for drinks, celebrations, or anything in between.
5	Marvelous food and excellent service.  Sienna is mostly a small plates restaurant with delicious Italian cuisine.  We shared a Beans & Greens appetizer that came with a Chianti reduction sauce that was delicious.  I had the homemade Gnocchi, which I am generally picky about, but these were fabulous.  My date had the Chicken Picatta, which was prepared with crimini mushroom, fried red skin potato, caper, lemon, and parsley.  Excellent.  Also, I got a mozzarella stuffed meatball that was very tasty.  Lovely outdoor dining that spills out into historic Market Square, I am recommending this restaurant very highly.
1	WORST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD.I am not exaggerating in the least bit.  The series of events that occurred in the hour and 20 minutes we were here completely put a negative damper on the rest of my family's nightLet me preface this by saying that as a higher-end restaurant in a downtown area, located near the all the theaters, a place like this should check to show schedules and plan and staff accordingly.  Obviously the place was understaffed because we were not the only ones getting up from their tables to complain to the manager.  Because I took into account that it would be a busy night in the area, I scheduled far ahead and made a nice reservation.  We got there promptly at 6 and were all delighted by the beautiful decor.  I knew we may run into a problem when we all knew what we wanted before anyone even greeted us at our table because we sat there for a little under 10 minutes without anyone acknowledging us at the table.  Regardless, quarter after 6 rolls around, and we place our orders completely: appetizers, salad, and main entrees.  It took a while for the appetizers to come out, but I thought maybe that was just this place's take on the classic "take your time" Italian setting, which I am not opposed to.  So, I was fine waiting a little bit so our table actually had the time to talk.Once the appetizers did arrive, I was a little shocked at the portion.  There were just about 3 bites of greens and beans to go around for $8 and the beans weren't even cooked enough... I mean what I had was delicious, but since we all shared a couple appetizers, I only had one bite.  Same with the octopus: served atop of the most beautiful plate.  It looked elegant, but it was pretty measly.  However, I understand the smaller portion of octopus because it's obviously a more expensive ingredient than the greens that go into making greens and beans.  I digress...Another 15 mins goes by, then finally the wedge salad that my parents ordered arrived.  Now this wedge salad was the best part of our meal.  In fact, it was damn near delectable.  But it was soon easily overshadowed by my hunger and the look around the dining area to see many people waiting for their meals.At this point I started to get nervous: it was getting close to show time, and I could feel that our food was no where near ready to arrive to our table.  No less, I felt optimistic when we asked our waiter after another 10 mins when our meals would be coming.  He responded, "well, it won't be 20 minutes, maybe more like 5 or a few."  He gave the excuse that the cook is bringing the food out in the order it came into the kitchen.  Well, bullshit because the gentlemen who came in 20 mins after we ordered complained about their meals running late, and soon after their plates arrived.**FUNNIEST MOMENT OF THE NIGHT: At this point the manager came over, saw our empty table, and stack of appetizer plates, and asked how our meals were!  You kidding, I almost killed over.  This is when he then told us the "there's a show, and we are running behind" excuse.  I am sorry, but when I plan ahead and make a reservation because I am so excited to eat at this place and start my night off right, the last thing I want to hear are these dumb excuses and being told to just wait a little longer is even worse.It was 15 minutes to show time.  We had officially been sitting there at this restaurant for an hour and fifteen minutes.  It was time to throw in the towel, and hurry and make our way to the show.  My father asked our waiter for the check for everything we had eaten and told him we were leaving.  Well, he brought the check, and GUESS WHAT, it had all the entrees on it!  Instantly, my mother jumped up, and I never let my mother get mad in public, especially at a restaurant in the restaurant setting.  I never think its cool to yell at a staff member or a manager, but this time was different.  This was easily the worst restaurant experience I had ever had.  What's worse is that I was so excited to eat here.  I had spent time looking at the menu the week before and getting excited about what dish I was going to eat.When my mom went and talked to the manager, he had his face planted on the kitchen computer screen.  She told him our series of events and how it was ridiculous, and then she said we were leaving and she asked how much we owed for what we had eaten so far, and he said he didn't want anything.  At least at this point I left with some respect for the guy that he didn't fire back or state that he wanted the $25 for the food we ate.  As we left, I was so upset.  Like I said, I had been looking forward to this night for the past 6 months, and I was extremely excited about trying this place after I had read all the reviews.  I was very upset with the way the night ended.  Sadly I will probably never be back, and every time I am near Market Square or think of that night and show, this poor experience will be in the back of my mind.
5	Best risotto I've ever eaten.
2	2.5 stars, leaning towards a 2 based on the price.Went on a Wednesday night at 7, with reservations.  Got there fifteen early, got seated on time.  The front of the restaurant is *loud*; with a waiter talking to the table next to us and a somewhat unpleasant pair on the other side of us, the noise was a factor here.  Got much better when the waiter wasn't dealing with anyone.Anyways, it's a loud restaurant.  That's by no means a dealbreaker, and really common for Downtown.  Crowd was mixed, the most represented group there when we were in were 50-something guys wearing polo shirts, half tucked into khakis.The food:- I had the pork, which was decent, my wife had the gnocchi, which was good, but more doughy instead of melt-in-your-mouth.- We had the bruschetta, which we were told took 12 minutes.  (Weird to be that precise, but OK).  Some other waiter/waitress apparently swiped ours... so it took nearly half an hour, as our waiter thought someone had already brought it to us.- Salads were good; aces.- My wife asked for a meatball with her gnocchi, which they forgot; it came about ten minutes late, and warm, but not hot, which left us wondering if they finished cooking it.  The meatball?  Not all that.- Portions were fine dining, and not red-sauce-stuff-your-gullet; I liked the portions, and left pleasantly full.  Service:- good, but with us having a very quick set of orders when we sat down, it took 45 minutes to get the first of our food... which was an hour after we first showed up.  Ouch.So, the food was decent, but not as good as some other places around town at the same (or lower!) price points.  Either the service or the kitchen botched this one, and for "restaurant of the year" and at a premium price... yeah, that sinks it.(We spent $100 after tip; two entrees, two salads, one appetizer, no booze.)For better red sauce Italian, I'd try Lydia's in the Strip, and save a bit of money.  For better Italian, especially gnocchi, I'd go to Dish Osteria in the South Side, and still save a bit of money.  If I hear good things, I'd be glad to check back here, but we left disappointed on our first trip.
4	Never ventured here for dinner, but I've used Sienna Sulla several times for business lunches.  The fact that its a smaller venue, takes reservations, and has a simple menu for quick choices makes this a great joint to have a conversation at (barring the around average noise levels for a lunch rush establishment).The chicken parm sandwich is great, but definitely a stomach bomb (it'll require coffee afterwards to not need rolled into work afterwards) and the flatbreads a decent as well.Judging by other's reviews, I wouldn't mind checking out their dinner service, but I doubt I'll get to that soon.
5	i am a food critic of critics and i have not one negative thing to write about except that i am stuffed.The red skinned potatoes are perfection, the goat cheese salad perfection. bread and red pepper hummus dip superb.Nikki was a perfect waitress, tending to my every needThe 4 drinks i had were handcrafted and marvelous and I am very very picky about drinks.The ginger beer drink was perfectly presented in a copper mug. They infuse their own syrups or ginger beer.The lemon drop rosemary martini was next to my favorite.The cucumber lavender was as drinkable as kool aidthe exotic tequila and carrot drink was very nice and prettyFLatbreads are very crispy and will not dissapoint.I hope they keep up the good work. This is about the only 5 star I ever gave a pittsburgh establishment. I cant wait to go backThis is serious eating. NO weekend chefs working here. THis is fine dining. Portions are high quality and small so dont be expecting huge piles of garbage like other places serveyou get what you pay for!!!  OH, the chocolate lava cake was bar none.
5	After reading the reviews, my mom and I made a reservation for before a show and had no problem getting in for a before show dinner. The waitress was very nice and offered us suggestions from the menu. I decided on the Bucatini with the Mozerella Stuffed meatballs and the entire dish was to DIE for. I did not have a problem with the portion sizes - in fact, I had leftovers! The tomato sauce was perfectly chunky and not at all from a can/jar and my taste buds were just in heaven. I would highly recommend this restaurant for any special occasion. It is a little pricey, but well worth it.
5	Perfect environment for a date night! Staff was very knowledgable and helpful when selecting dishes. Indoor/outdoor dining was a huge plus! Also, it wouldn't hurt to call ahead for reservations.
4	Dined outside there for dinner last week.   The food was quite good.   I particularly liked the chilled corn soup.   Meatballs were also very good as other reviewers have said.   The rabbit pasta was very flavorful although you need to like game to enjoy it.  The waiter was upfront about that which I appreciate.It is noisy, at least when all the outside tables are filled because the weather is good.Crowd was mixed from business people dressed at the high end of business casual to tourists and kids in shorts.   It was a pleasant mix of people having a nice evening out and there were some between table conversations which appeared to be welcomed by both sides.  More of a community/small town feel than most downtown restaurants.We were seated on time and served promptly so we didn't experience any of the problems that others have reported with timing or service but then we didn't have a show to go to and just wanted to sit and talk over good food in a pleasant atmosphere for two hours.Prices seemed fine to me and cheaper than most of the higher end downtown restaurants ($40/person plus tip for 1-2 drinks + soup + pasta and no dessert).
5	Love it for lunch!  This is by far my favorite lunchtime spot.  Their flatbreads are great.  The arugula and prosciutto flatbread is like a pizza and salad in one.  Anything with the meatballs is tasty. I haven't ever had anything here I didn't like.  The service is usually efficient, but never knocks my socks off.  The ambiance would be great for a romantic dinner.
5	Wow, I am surprised by some of the reviews.  We just got into town, went walking around without yelping.  Went to market square and walked around.  Tuesday night about 6:30.We wanted some vino, saw people outside Sienna drinking vino, said let's try it....Ordered glasses of wine at happy hour prices--$6 each!!! from CA, that is a bargain.  Looked around, liked the vibe, liked the bartender, said what the hey?Ordered three things--the mussels, the roasted beets, and a flatbread pizza.  They were ALL wonderful.  My fav was the mussels--oh my gosh.  The sauce...make sure and get bread to sop up.  Yeah, don't be a Miss Manners--sop up the sauce....The beets were different.   But I liked them.  They were surrounded by ricotta and went well with bread.The flatbread was good, had an entire arugula salad on top.And the service was great.  We sat at the bar, the bartender was great--sorry, didn't catch your name!--and gave us great tips for things to do.My first impression of Pittsburgh is very good.....
1	Terrible service. Server acted like infant when asked if he could ask the kitchen for alternative dish. Do not ask the chef to deviate from menu. Will cause server to have meltdown. Never been to so called fine italian where you could not change pasta. Manager not much better. Server had no idea about wine list. Complete idiot. Would not recommend when visiting pittsburgh.
5	I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday around 12:30. My girlfriend and I were seated right away by a very welcoming host. There is seating available outside with a nice view of Market Square, so that's where we decided to sit. The service was very fast and the waiter was also very friendly. We started out with the Wild Mushroom Bruschetta as an appetizer, which was delicious and ended up being a fine choice. I ordered the open faced Eggplant Parmesan sandwich which was served with your choice of homemade chips or pasta salad, I chose the chips. My girlfriend went with the Chicken Parmesan sandwich.  We were both very satisfied with our meals. Neither one of us could finish due to the large portions. But I will come hungrier next time and clear my plate, it's that good. The flatbread also looked great so will most likely order that next time I visit. Overall, I think Sienna Sulla Piazza is a great addition to Market Square and definitely worth visiting!
5	Best restaurant in market square. I have been here several times and never had a bad experience!  Highly recommended.
4	We stopped for an early dinner on a family getaway to Pittsburgh. First, the location is great of course. Dining outdoors at the Market Square on a warm summer afternoon - it's great as it is.I like the menu, it's not too lengthy but offers a nice variety to choose from.Great service; they bring you free bread. (the one reason I didn't give them all 5 stars is that they don't have butter. Instead it's bean paste that comes with the bread and it wasn't all that great. I want my bread to come with butter, please!)The rest of the menu items we ordered were great! The flat breads are delicious; salads all look good. The raspberry tiramisu on the desert menu is a must!Overall, good food, great service and great atmosphere.
5	Exquisite Italian fare done by a master chef. Everything is done to order and the flavor profiles are dead on for every dish. I recommend the Octopus appetizer, Chicken Liver Mousse, Carbonara... and you have to get the meatballs!Prices are amazing for portions. I highly recommend leaving yourself in the chef's hands for the Chef Tasting Menu. You won't be disappointed. Sienna won Pittsburgh Magazine's Best New Restaurant in 2013, and it is an honor well-deserevd.TRUST YOUR LOCAL, PROFESSIONAL FOOD REVIEWERS OVER UNTRAINED YELPERS WHO HAVE A CHIP ON THEIR SHOULDER! Please!!!This place is a gem and a cornerstone of the Market Square resurgence. P.S. If you order 3 courses the food actually takes time to cook when it's being prepared to order. If you want to eat in half an hour, there's a McDonalds right around the corner. Good luck to you.
2	The food is fantastic, but the service is not.Had a salad and pasta with meatballs and it was all very delicious.The service was terrible. The AC was dripping water on us at our table and the host refused to move us to a new table and expected us to just get water dripped on our heads and food all night. We insisted that we move to our server and eventually were moved to a large family style table with another family that we did not know...awkward. Our server also semi-neglected us because she was trying to give speedy service to another table who had to catch a show at 7:30. Well, we were going to the same show and her focus on them and lack of attention to us made us late for the show. Sienna needs to step up their customer service. They want to be an upscale restaurant, but they're providing diner-style service.
3	Food - 5 starsHostess - 1 star.  Awful.The food at Sienna is fantastic (the only reason why I have been back more than once).  I live in NYC and am pretty picky about my Italian restaurants.  I'm currently in Pittsburgh on a long term work assignment- staying downtown, and therefore I eat dinner out every night alone.  I have gone to Sienna both for dinner and lunch.  The meal both times has been fantastic BUT the hostess (same one both times) was rude, condescending, and inappropriate.  I hope management reads this and has a talk with her.  I understand that I am one person and would NEVER take up a big table on a busy night at a restaurant.  I'm happy sitting at the bar.  That being said-- on a Monday night in an empty restaurant, I expect to be welcomed kindly.  No looking me up and down, and quesitoning "on, ONE person? Dining ALONE? Well... I guess we have space for you at the bar."  No kidding, in the empty restaurant- thanks.  Then I went there again at lunch (WANTING to eat at the bar) when it was early and there were tons of tables open and the bar was full and again-- the look, the grimace.It is a SHAME that a restaurant with such fantastic food (meatballs, octopus appetizer, flatbread, and wine selection are AMAZING) chooses to put such an ugly face forward.I would love to have Sienna on my weekly restaurant rotation but instead am opting for Meat & Potatoes (MUCH busier but still recognize me with a warm welcome) and Penn Avenue Fish Company (same thing-- busy but welcoming).
5	One of my very favorite places in the 'burgh-- everything I've ever ordered there (been there 4 times in past few months) has been succulent and delicious. Surprisingly un-ordinary real Italian food, not a place for boring Americanized pasta dishes. (Their octopus and beef osso bucco are to die for.) The only tricky thing is their menu frequently changes, which is great, but some of the things I've loved there aren't always there every time. They should keep the beef osso bucco on every day. :)Very friendly bar/server staff, relaxed atmosphere.
4	I had the prosciutto wrapped Atlantic salmon and it was perfection. The poached pear martini was delicious. The bread was served with a bean dip that was pretty dull and the place was extremely dark, but the service was awesome. Definitely worth a second trip.
1	I had loved this place (read my earlier review). However, they have been trying too hard to the point of being pretentious. I have tried taking my colleagues to this place for a happy hour at 5pm and despite having an empty restaurant at that time, they were playing hard to fit a group of 6 people (we were flexible to split into two groups as well). Leaving that incident aside, I met up with a friend last evening at the bar area and again had a bad experience. Also, they were the first restaurant I have seen in Pittsburgh to charge me two bucks for ice to go along with my whiskey! Thanks but no thanks!
4	Stopped by on a Thursday night.  Very good crowd.  Food was very good.  We had Grilled calamari, greens and beans and a flatbread.  All 3 were very good.  Heavy pour on the drinks.  Great atmosphere, good drinks and food.  Go to this place.
4	So darn good and seriously the best meatball I have ever had! Get one or two with your entree. They are delicious and stuffed with mozzarella. Not only was the food A+, but the service was stellar. Our server, Ryan did an amazing job of recommending food as well as pairing drinks with our choices. It was clear he was a foodie and gave us some other great recommendations of places to go around town. Thanks Ryan and Sienna! We'll be back!
5	We go here often for happy hour and it's always great. The food is delicious (especially the pizzas) and they have a decent wine list that's reasonably priced. I like the atmosphere too, very cozy. Never sat at a table though, so can't speak to that, but the bartenders are really nice and knowledgeable, especially Hillary.
5	Everything we tried was delicious, the service was good too. We can't wait to go back.
4	Decided to come here on a Saturday night, we had reservations but on this particular evening it didn't appear that they would've been needed. I wish that I would have asked to be seated at a "regular" table but there was a large group of folks dining in the front of the place so we were seated at a "high top" table close to the bar area. The "high top" was certainly high and it wasn't the most comfortable place to have dinner. Moving on we tried a bunch of items and really went all out and were very satisfied with our choices.The Rabbit Rillette was on the menu and a rillette is something that I can almost never pass up. It was rich and flavorful and the serving size was quite substantial for the price. We then tried a caprese flat bread which was very fresh tasting and a nice change of pace after the Rillette. I then had the Chianit Braised short rib entree, this meat was cooked almost beyond perfection if that is possible. The flavor was so savory and the meat was so incredibly tender I felt almost as if I had ordered a roast. I'm not sure if it wa a normal butchered short rib as the meat was actually boneless and that surprised me a bit nevertheless what's good is good, Right?The service was nothing short of perfect, the server was very friendly and knew what he was talking about when it came to the menu items. I would certainly come back here again but would hope to sit at a more comfortable table if I have made a reservation in advance.
5	This is a great place in a very nice location! We had the wrapped Atlantic salmon and it tasted great, but expect the eggplant to be slightly undercooked, and hence, crunchy. So if you're like me and prefer soft well done eggplant make sure you mention it to the waiter! The staff is very nice and friendly and the service was great.
3	When needing an escape from the office yesterday, I asked a friend if she was up for lunch. Neither of us had been to Sienna Sulla Piazza yet, and since we're always seeking out new dining experiences, we decided to check it out. She made a reservation via Open Table for 12:15. We arrived promptly and were seated very quickly. The restaurant is smaller than I had anticipated but well decorated. I particularly loved the bar that has a beautifully lit wall highlighting the attached shelves filled with bottles.Though I really wanted to try some of the pastas listed on the menu (the Ricotta Gnocchi and Beef Ravioli looked delightful), I thought that the prices were a bit steep for lunch. I really didn't want to spend $18 on an entree. Instead, I ordered the Classic Caesar Salad, and my friend and I split the Prosciutto & Arugula Flatbread. I am very picky about salads but enjoyed the Caesar. However, I do agree with Rachel C's review that the salad was a bit salty... even without the optional Anchovies. The pizza was descent but didn't blow me away. I felt like something was "off" when eating the pizza but couldn't quite put my finger on it. After having thought about it, I think that the classy prosciutto and arugula toppings did not match the more dive-pizza-joint style cheese, sauce, and crust.I would definitely be open to checking out Sienna Sulla Piazza again to try some additional menu items. However, I think competitor Il Pizzaiolo right across Market Square - though more expensive for lunch - delivers better value for the money overall.
4	I am giving this restaurant 4 starts based on a salad alone. Crazy, right? Well, the chopped salad was delicious. The cucumbers, tomatoes, and onions are marinated, and then tossed into the chopped romaine. The gorgonzola adds a nice bite that complements the red wine viniagrette. Because I shared a flatbread with a friend, I didn't order meat on my sald, and to be honest, I think the salad stands alone. It really was that good. I am very picky about salads, and when I find a restaurant with delicious salads, the place quickly becomes a staple for me.I shared a prosciutto/arugula flatbread with a friend, and I enjoyed the crispy crunch of the crust. The prosciutto didn't stay in place very well, so my hands got a little messy, but it was very good nonetheless.It was a bit dark inside the restaurant at lunchtime, and I almost forgot that the sun was shining outside. But, the decor is tasteful, and though it is smaller side, I think the restaurant's size adds to the intimate, quiet feel of the place.I was able to get a quick reservation for lunch, and I look forward to trying Sienna for dinner. There were quite a few items on the menu that I would like to try next time.
1	Awful. Terrible staff very rude. Food was meeeeh ok I guess but over priced for mediocrity. Never again
4	Went here yesterday.  Attentive service, drinks were great, nice bar scene.  The greens and beans are excellent.  I also had the meatball and Ricotta flatbread, superb.  The meatballs are awesome, make sure you try a few.  I will be back.
4	Went here for my girlfriends birthday on a blistering cold day in Jan.  Unlike some other restaurants, where it might be cold inside when it's 7 outside, it was nice and cozy.  Very good service from a very short server (sorry I forget her name).  So onto the food, we decided to order one thing from each section of the menu and share.  First course-Greens & Beans- I loved, gf did not.  I think she was expecting more of southern style, even though she is Italian.  Second course- Mesculin salad- all the flavors went very well together, the pear & goat cheese, and red onion vin.Third course-Braised Rabbit Pasta, absolutely the star of the night, I could eat this everyday.Last course- Prosciutto wrapped Salmon.  Salmon was done correctly, but I don't believe there was any prosciutto wrapped around the salmon.  I could not see or taste it.  Also, I really didn't enjoy the eggplant caponata paired up with the salmon.  Personally I thought it was a strange pairing with the salmon.  Overall good experience, one of the better dinners I've had in Pittsburgh, will return.
4	The last time I ordered a flatbread outside of Papa John's was nineteen ninety never.  It's not usually my thing. I was feeling fiesty tonight, so I decided to "start" with a Caprese flatbread.  When it arrived, it was clear this bread would be my starter and finisher. It was BIG.  I believe the juicy grape tomatoes were marinated in some sort of balsamic perfection incarnate.  Shreds of basil complemented this flat piece of masterpiece and I'm still full just thinking about it. Jonathan D. ordered the Beef Ravioli + a mozzarella-stuffed meatball.  Both two thumbs up.  The only thumbs done portion of the evening was the bread selection.  Straight outta Shur Save I suspect; and a warm loaf of Breadworks would be just the ticket to a five-star review IMO.  BUT, extra points given that Mario Lemieux was seated at the table next to us. Truth. It was incredible.  So, Sienna - thanks for that!
4	Was looking for a place that had a tasting menu and found this place. The atmosphere was nice. We sat at a little table to the bar.  Wasn't the most comfortable seating but the staff was friendly and the food was really good. We had a salad plate that had 2 different types one with beets which I loved because I LOVE beats and the other had fresh mozzarella which was good as well. The risotto we had was also very good. The texture saw perfect. We also had a pork dish that was cook to perfection. The drinks were ok. Honestly none of the drinks were stand outs. This place would have gotten 5 stars if not for the uncomfortable seats and small table. I would definitely go hear again but would ask for a different seat.
5	Sienna is perfection from top to bottom. They're veal meat balls are to die for I had the mushroom gnocchi. The pasta was light and the dish really highlighted all the mushrooms without being overbearing. The pork tenderloin was cooked perfectly. I thought it would be a bit much since it was wrapped it bacon, but too my surprise it was not too greasy or salty.  Don't miss out on the chocolate tiramisu for dessert. The service is continually above par from the hostess to the management. This restaurant is perfect for a group of friends, colleagues, or a special date.
4	So I've absolutely been dying to try this place. And I will definitely give it an A+ for service. However, I wasn't SO thrilled with the food....It was good, don't get me wrong - it's not that I was...unhappy with my meal...but I wasn't so happy with it either. It could have, however, been the dish that I chose. I ordered a special that the waitress so kindly told us about...it was some sort of fish (and shame on me for not remembering the name of it), which sounded SO appealing -  served over a bed of sweet potato and fennel hash...but the fish itself was a bit too...fishy. It was a white, meaty fish, and the hash that it was served over was delicious...but ultimately the fishiness just, wasn't appealing. My arugula salad was awesome though - mixed with fennel and a light vinaigrette - such a tasty starter -  I never thought to put fennel in my salads and will definitely be making that for myself. The roasted red pepper spread that was served with the bread at the table was also great.Though ultimately a little bummed with my main course, the service was excellent and the atmosphere was relaxing. Exposed brick walls always seduce me, and the friendly attentive staff was refreshing. I sat at the bar for my first glass of wine - made it just in time for happy hour the bartender informed me, 5-7 on weekdays - half off wine - always a selling point for me :-)I wouldn't be opposed to going back and giving this joint another shot.
3	Gnocchi had way too much lemon.  Sienna: gnocchi lemon, too much and why lemon at all on gnocchi?  Meatball with sauce appetizer good, but not hot.  Other meals barely warm.   Risotto with rabbit barely any rabbit.  Italian and have been to Italy Tuscany many times.   Brussels sprouts not cooked enough, bitter.
5	Every so often I stumble upon a gem of a restaurant that deserves mention! Sienna Salla Piazza on Market Square in Pittsburgh is one of those places. Executive Chef Matt Porco's rendition of a superb Mesclun Salad is a true tribute to his culinary experience and high standards. Sauces were prepared to perfection and presentation was impeccable. From appetizers to main courses, it was evident only the finest ingredients are used at this establishment.
5	Amazing. This was the best meal I have had in Pittsburgh. I had the rabbit confit gnocchi and it blew my mind. Every bite was heaven on earth. Save some bread to mop up the sauce. Hubby had the Chianti braised beef and it was so tender and incredible... fell apart on his fork. Superb. Excellent. Marvelous. Very hip, intimate, sexy. Will be back!
4	I have been to Sienna several times for lunch, but I decided to take an out of town friend there for dinner last week.  I ordered the salmon entree, and it was excellent. The salmon was done a little more than I would have considered medium-rare, but it was very good, and the arugula and tomato/eggplant dish were unbelievably flavorful, so I did not mind at all.  I enjoyed my meal so much that I went the next day with a client even though we did not have a reservation.  I ordered a 'side arugula salad' with a side of a mozzarella-stuffed meatball.  I also ordered the tomato/eggplant that accompanied the salmon the day before because it was that good.  The meal was great, and we were very glad to be seated even though the restaurant was packed.The service was pretty good each time. I do not think I have ever been dissatisfied with the service.  BTW, the Malbec Nieto wine from Mendoza, Argentina was excellent as well.  It went really well with the tomato-based dishes that we ordered.
4	On my recent trip to Pittsburgh, I visited Sienna Sulla Piazza in Market Square for dinner with friends. I can't remember the last time I visited Market Square. It's changed quite a bit.Unfortunately, I had partied a little too hard at a bachelorette party the night before. Sienna had an excellent wine menu, but I had to pass on that. I wasn't sure if I could handle real food, especially rich Italian food, but Sienna's Housemade Ricotta Wild Mushroom Gnocchi ($19), surprisingly, helped cure my hangover. I asked them not to include the pancetta. Fantastic gnocchi dish with gorgeous mushrooms. John got his haircut earlier in the day, and the stylist told him that Sienna's food is great, but the portions are small. He ordered one of the vegetarian flatbreads and a side of brussel sprouts. Uhh, these portions are definitely NOT small at all. He ended up with way too much food! (Perhaps we're used to NYC portions?)Great service, great food. Next time I'm in the 'burgh, I'd love to stop by to try more dishes and explore their extensive wine menu. Until next time, Sienna!
5	The food was fantastic! The meatball, the fish, and the dessert all exceeded expectations! We were very pleased with our waiter's knowledge regarding wine and food pairings. Most certainly need a reservation, but we very much look forward to coming back. It was a true food experience!
3	Me and the hubby went today for lunch. It was alright . I am glad we tried it but we are in no hurry to go back. I have to say there is a cool , hip, chic vibe but the food was just okay. The hubby got the crispy BLT which is crispy pork belly, tomato, truffle aioli, and arugala. The pork belly was not really crispy and it was a little dry. The flat breads, we tried two. I got the caprese. It had mozarella , cherry tomatoes, basil and roasted garlic. The crust was crispy and good and it was tasty. I say there was a tad too much garlic (& I love garlic). The hubby chose the prosciutto and arugala flat bread. The hubby was not keen on the tomato sauce. I did not mind it. The prosciutto was good. The crust, the very edges were crispy but the inner crust was soggy. It was just all right. We are not in a hurry to go back.
4	This place was phenomenal!  The food had so much flavor, but it also was different! We went on a Saturday night and sat outside the weather was perfect and the atmosphere was great! The hostess was SUPER friendly, we made our reservation online(i do not recommend this) and it did not show in the computer as the time that was originally reserved. I made the reservation for 8:30 and it showed in their computer as 9, but I thankfully kept the conformation email. The hostess seated us immediately with much apologies for the mix-up and she continued to check up on us throughout our meal! I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you try this place! We will definitely be going back! CALL TO SCHEDULE YOUR RESERVATION, do not book it online!
1	Awful. Service poor. Beef short ribs tasted sour. Risotto very salty. Many better places ti eat. Avoid
4	This is a really strong 4 out of 5 more, not quite 5 but essential a 4.5.  For appetizer I had the Chicken Liver Mousse.  Im a big chopped liver fan and this was fantastic.  They give you these large texas toast like pieces of tuscan bread and a large servings of their chicken liver mousse which is finished with honey and pistachios.  It was such a nice light texture, not grainy or chunky in the slightest.  Great unusual start to the meal.    For an entree I had the chinati braised short rib.  This was a venture to me because i never had tried short rib but am a big Osso Buco fan so i figured it was worth a try with the waiters recommendation.  He was so right, extremely tender, pot roast like taste but chianti braising was phenomonal.  Portion size was a little small and I felt the orzo mac and cheese had a very light taste that didnt do much for the dish.  The short rib itself was something I would come back for alone.  Very nice atmosphere and beautiful restaurant to dine in during the summer as the entire seating area benefits from their garage style lifted entrance. Will definitely be back.
3	Went on a Wed. evening and of 4 items, the 4 of us would only re-try the beans and greens appetizer. Didn't enjoy struggling to see food because of poor lighting design for our table in between the bar and patio opening.
3	Stopped in here for lunch and found the food to be okay.  The bar and eenvironment are nice and the staff seemed ample.  Something just didn't seem right throughout the meal .  Sorry I cannot give it a raving review.
4	We had gone to Sienna previously-just for drinks- and had looked at their menu then and had wanted to come back so this was the perfect opportunity. We grabbed two seats at the bar and perused the menu. My boyfriend ordered a Sangria (he was not impressed) however I drank the Rosemary Lemon Drop (he loved that though) and the first one I had was good but the second one (made by a different bartender) was hands-down 100% the best cocktail I have had in a very long time! My boyfriend ordered the braised rabbit,which is actually what I wanted, however I decided upon the prosciutto &arugula flatbread. That way I could taste his rabbit and he could try the flat bread.The braised rabbit was one of the best tasting entrees I have ever had at a restaurant! It was cooked very tender and was not "gamey", the sauce tasted as if it had wine in it, was creamy but not overly so-it was just amazing! The flatbread was surprisingly very good as well. It was a little overly salted, however, not so much so that it distracted from the other flavors.And it was very evident that all ingredients in both dishes were very fresh and authentic. The bill was a little higher than we would have liked. In particular the Rosemary Lemon Drops were $10 each which is steep, however, the second one I drank (and I don't believe I have said this in a long time) truly was worth $10 based on taste and presentation. Overall, I am excited to go back and try another entree besides the flatbread.I think next time I will order a rabbit entree for myself, even if my boyfriend gets it again, because it was just.that.good.
4	I love this little place right in Market Square. I had the eggplant pram which was a whopping portion if delish. Friendly service and a feast little patio made for a lovely, if very filling, lunch
4	I am definitely a fan of Sienna in Market Square.  My husband and I went here for the 4th time yesterday.  We arrived around 6:30 and were happy to find they had open tables outside.  We ordered the stracciatella on a recommendation from a friend.  The cheese was fresh and gooey and delicious with the fresh, toasted bread.  We were similarly not disappointed by the arugula salad.  We were eating light, so we both got flatbreads, which we enjoyed: the meatball and ricotta and the arugula and prosciutto.  In the past we've had the shortribs, sea bass and a seafood risotto special and have enjoyed it all (with the exception of one misstep: my husband ordered the quail once and found it tasty, but too small for an entree). The atmosphere is relaxed, the service is always good and the food is always delicious.  We will definitely come back!
2	In town for dinner with friends and we decided on this place. The waiter was more than accommodating. It was the food. . My friends ordered Confit Chicken Piccata.  (The key word is "confit"....Confit (French, pronounced [kfi] or in English "con-fee") is a generic term for various kinds of food that have been cooked in oil or sugar water (syrup). Sealed and stored in a cool, dark place, confit can last for several months. Confit ("prepared") is one of the oldest ways to preserve food,[citation needed] and is a speciality of southwestern France.)My friends received two greasy chicken legs with a slice of lemon in top. When my friends explained that they didn't realize it would be a "chicken leg piccata", and after back and forth with the manager, he finally removed the uneaten greasy chicken legs from their bills. He also stated that he would be changing the wording of the menu that evening, but said "Confit is a word used in fine dining establishments!" Fine dining? Your waiters are wearing t-shirts and jeans and one of the most expensive items on the menu was the Swordfish special for 23.00! Not fine dining. Casual. Just like the attitude.
5	One word - WOW!!! This place was a great find! Perfect day and wonderful atmosphere! Food was perfect and service was exceptional. I had the Chicken Parm Sandwich and my family had the pizza (sausage). All were amazing. The beer and wine were great too! Eat here!
3	Good location and interesting menu but service was weird with waiter who changed his fake French accent everytime he came out. Food was ok not stellar but still a good lunch spot. Hostess attitude about reservations vs walk-ins was ridiculous given the low traffic in the door lol
4	Stopped in for a drink and a snack with my husband at thr bar. The mule was gingery and good. We got the orzo mac and cheese and also the mushroom bruschetta. Both good. However with the bruschetta could use some more mushrooms. Felt it was a little skimpy. Overall a decent place for a bite and drink. Only suggestion I'd have is to have the bartenders speed up the pace a little. For not being busy taking 4+ minutes to make a cocktail is a little excessive. Would return!
5	Excellent atmosphere in market square. Food was absolutely Devine. I had the octopus to start and I must say that it was the perfect way to start. The swordfish entree was both visually appealing and an absolute delight. A precise mix of saltiness with the slight acidity of the lemon, combined with the wine reduction sauce was perfectly married together. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting from out of town.
4	Very nice ambiance. It's especially nice in the summer when the garage doors are opened into market square. I had the gnocchi which was a very small portion. My friend had the 4 cheese flatbread which was very good.
4	The food was great, atmo was awesome and the staff was super nice but... I'm not much of a meat eater and there weren't many options for me.  All the pasta had some form or pork or red meat and most all the vegetarian dishes were really carbie.   It's a great spot but not vegetarian or gluten free friendly
5	One of the best cocktails (Dulce De Leche) and dessert (Rustic Tuscan Apple Cake) I have had. Definitely on my top three listAlso had the chef's meat and cheese tray as an appetizer. Bartender was friendly and knowledgable.when my friend ordered a "coffee with a surprise". The bartender made an amazing drink up on the fly.
5	Fantastic! Hip, forward-looking without pretentiousness. Service was spot-on...friendly without being overbearing. Flatbread was hubby's fav. I loved the chicken liver pate...great idea to combine with honey but there was just a tiny bit too much of it. (So I'll give them an A++ instead of an A+++). Bolognese was the best EVR. Considering breaking in the back door to steal the recipe. Seriously that good. And really, what's a little breaking and entering for a perfect bolognese?
