3	I shop here on a regular basis.I don't know what a store would have to do to get a 5 star rating out of me. After all grocery shopping is not one of my favorite things to do.I guess as far as grocery shopping goes this place is as good as any other.
3	Great selection of Coffee Creamers here. I'm not sure why?!? Lol
5	My main and only source for Meal Mart frozen matzoh balls is the Albertsons on Fort Apache in Las Vegas but for the past few months you do not stock it although you carry Meal Mart's other frozen products.  I am constantly buying this product and am disappointed that you do not stock it anymore, so unless you get this product back, I will not be frequenting your store.  The gentleman in the kosher food dept. says he keeps ordering it but they don't send it
4	I will admit that part of the reason I like this Albertsons is because it's extremely conveniently located for me. I shop here mainly for meat, I can usually get what I need at a great price. The staff is friendly (although I always have 2 adorable little kids with me and it's hard to resist smiling at the teasing grin of my 1-year-old).My only complaint is pretty trivial: the car-cart that my 3-year-old loves so dearly to ride in has a big bar on it that prevents it from going outside. This becomes a major hassle when I'm stocking up on meat and have loaded my cart up. I have to get a different cart to take everything out to the car in (although often the staff will get one for me). It would just be more convenient for me if the car-cart could go outside. It's not a major deal though, and I'll continue shopping there.
5	I really like this albertsons. The staff is always willing to help and they're very nice. Prices at Albertson's are okay, I wouldn't recommend buy fruits or meat there since it is pricey. But customer service wise great!!
4	Great store very convenient from where I live I've shopped here for close to a year. What can I say Albertson's is a great place to shop!
3	I don't usually go to the Albertson's because they don't have a Starbucks.  I was in the area yesterday and they do have a Wells Fargo branch in the store so it was convenient.Other than that, except for a different layout, it's pretty much the same as every other Albertson's in town.  I stop when I need something and I'm already in this plaza for some other reason.
1	Maybe the employees shouldn't use the main entrance as their smoking area. Was disgusting having to walk through the 2nd hand smoke of 5 employees right outside the main entrance. Kosher deli is nice.
