4	Yah this is a crazy venue but I am in fact a fan. It used to be located next to Cafe Cleopatra on St Laurent, south of St Catherine in a room that was an unfortunate layout for shows, but even then the vibe of the collective that ran the place was kind and open minded: they usually do punk and hardcore shows but were super nice to us when we showed up with guys on acoustic guitar, poets, comedians, violins, projections and samplers. Now the space is a much bigger room a few blocks north on St Laurent, and it's pretty well amazing: the sight lines, sound and projection and screen make it kind of ideal not just for music shows of all kinds, but also for events like the Fringe Festival press conference and chilli cook off which has been hosted here for the past couple of years. There is a balcony, the stage is 3/4 in the round, cute little cubby areas which you can designate VIP if you like, and oh yeah: incredible artesan metal work of the skull and bones variety creeping up everywhere.
5	Great punk / metal / hardcore venue. Small stage, small standing area makes for great shows. Also a upstairs with standing and seating. Saw that Quebecois Iron Maiden coverband here and it was SO MUCH FUN!
3	Stepped to Katacombes during the first day of Heavy MTL.   The patio was packed with people having a great time - they had a BBQ going and selling hot dogs and hamburgers for $2 - cant go wrong at that price.  Its a great venue to see smaller acts, check out their web site to see whose on and have fun!
3	oh man, its like you're stepping into the set of Indiana Jones and the temple of doom! just missing the shaman ripping your heart out..from the outside, looking at the terrace, you wouldn't think you'd step into a cave where people may be sacrificed.so i came to this place during the just for laughs fest. i know, a comedy show in such a out of this world place. its a really trippy experience, in a good weird way!anyway, they have food but i didn't try any. the beer on the other hand, they are huge! not a beer fan but not bad at all. really great staff. i'm guessing if you want to experience something totally different, this is one of the place
5	Clubs like this make you WISH you lived in Montreal. Been dropping in since 2009 and I always have a great/super time. Huge beer selection, food, terrific bands, and amazing atmosphere make for some memorable times. Hell, I wish it was larger than it is, 8D  Drop in whenever any of you are in Montreal. I don't even go to Fou Founes Electriques anymore.
