1	This place infuriated me. I got there right at 10 am when they opened for their big "blowout sale." First off, there was NO parking. People parked illegally, along the road, in warehouse bays, etc. I had to walk nearly 8 minutes from the car to the entrance to this place. There were throngs of people walking all over the highway to get inside.Second, the line to get into the sale was RIDICULOUS! I waited one hour and 20 minutes just to get inside the sale! I waited and waited and waited some more. They even have those twisty queue areas like at Disneyland and all shoppers needed a wristband to get in the sale. Once you get into the sale area, you have to wait in ANOTHER long line just to check out, then ANOTHER just to GET OUT of the place while employees check your receipt, Sam's Club style.Every annoying soccer mom in Vegas was here with their crappy kids and their giant strollers and their Coach bags and their "holier than thou" snobby attitudes. I almost lost my cool just having to be surrounded by the jerks (the typical customer for TOMS shoes, apparently). They have the special sale area corralled off so you can't see inside and now I know why -- if you saw the junk they were offering and the prices they were charging, nobody would be in line.Once I finally got in, I was so disappointed. There were huge bins of shoes (new but no boxes) just piled in so you have to dig and dig. Also, the prices were still way too high -- about 40% off retail price. Shoes that retail brand new at Nordstrom for $45 were priced at $30. Um, no thanks. I just turned around and left. I'm still super pissed that I wasted almost 2 hours of my day for this ridiculous "sale." Don't waste your time!
2	Fairly underwhelming- got here at 4PM on opening day for the warehouse sale and my experience wasn't quite as disastrous as the other two reviews currently listed.Line was quick and painless, but selection was lackluster- sizes over 9 had wedges and prints, sizes under 6 did, too. 8s or 8.5s? Lucky if you can find glitter slip ons.Thought about sticking around, as they kept bringing out fresh loads of shoes, but they all seemed to be standard solid slip ons.Admittedly, my experience with the brand is minimal- friends adore them and I tried to steal a pair from my sister because I didn't feel they were worth the pricetag. Got two pairs (grey classic and black glitter) of slip ons, $22 each, for a grand total just south of $50. Saw many people running around with bags of five to ten pairs, don't know why anyone would buy so many- they're not that great, color variety isn't that impressive, and they're just not that amazing.Was a little underwhelmed by their much-hyped "party atmosphere", encouraging people to stick around for family fun, games, music, and food. Saw one food truck and that was it.Lines were fast, staff were mostly polite (unless they were stockers, who were stoic bordering on rude- probably to prevent requests/inquiries). Would visit first day next year (assuming this is annual?) but don't hold your breath expecting shoe-heaven here.
2	Really disappointed with their selection this year and the only really cute styles they had were in size 5 in women's pretty much a waste of time unless you're getting the standard solid colors
