5	I highly recommend using this company! Vegas has an infinite amount of choices when it comes to air conditioning /heating services; however,  not many will leave you satisfied. The technician that came out was knowledgeable,  professional,  well spoken and fixed the problem.  Oh, did I forget to mention I still have my arm and my leg!? Very affordable pricing!
5	This company serviced my ac unit today yayyyy Thanks Richard and his trainee I think Steve? great professional techs came in did the job and left. Did not ask to check out our bathroom or have a drink. In which I offer cold water all the time hey we live in the desert and they are working their butts off. But on the real give these guys a call. Thanks again Air Squad
1	I give them no stars these guys are thieves ..... They sold us a used unit they gave us 1yr warranty the unit broke in like a month tried  to contact them many of times no answer we even left voice mails and nothing ...so we ended up going somewhere elese .... Stay away from these guys
5	This company was the contractor for our home warranty on our new house. We noticed the upstairs air conditioning didn't seem to be working on a Saturday. Filed a claim with our warranty that day. Got a phone call from Air Squad on Sunday morning and they were at our house on Monday morning about 945am and the job (the blower had to be replaced) was done a little after 11.  Service tech was polite and efficient.  Very satisfied with their prompt customer service!
1	Awful experience! Linda with Air Squad Heating & Air Conditioning is the most greedy awful customer service oriented person I have ever dealt with. I have a home warranty protection plan and AC broke down they call you and tell you $700 for repair and I ask if they can wait til after winter since its not hot anymore, and they say ok, then Linda begins to call and leave me multiple messages saying my home warranty company will no longer wait and I MUST DO REPAIRS immediately. She blatenley lied to me, because I called my home warranty company and they told me it was up to the repair company which would be Air Squad, if they could wait for the summer to complete repairs as its Christmas and 48 degrees outside. Apparently Linda is greedy and a grinch. I would never recommend this company, as I work for a corporation that has 75,000 employees and I will tell all of them. Spread the word. Merry Christmas everyone.
