4	Great sound and light. I saw Plants and Animals there and it's a cozy 2-story seated venue. A good place to go to if you want to sit down and see a rockin band.
4	I said on another review that I remember the 80s very well, and I get disappointed if I'm promised 80s music and it isn't the way I remember it. I wasn't disappointed with La Tulipe (if you don't count the remixed version of Miami Sound Machine's Conga).The music was eclectic, from U2 and New Order to B52s, Human League, The Cure, OMD, Joan Jett, and aforementioned MSM, plus a few cusp acts like Boney M, Michael Jackson (when he was still black), Deee Lite. It was like going back to my students days :). As I also spent a year in France at the time, I enjoyed hearing a smattering of hits by Les Rita Mitsouko, Niagara and Indochine.The crowd was also eclectic: with people who were there in the 80s, their kids, and those in between, as many English speakers as French speakers, I'd say. There was a pick-up vibe I have rarely seen in Montreal, but nothing overly intrusive. Still, if you are looking to hook up with someone, the chances are you could...Entrance fee is now $8, and drinks were regular bar prices. Service was quick and friendly.I'm definitely going back!
3	Let's that I'm not a big dancer, but I do enjoy good music.  Our friends dragged us there on a Friday night and we had a blast with music from 90's (most of it was).  The place was packed, but nevertheless there was room to dance and we didn't feel like everybody was invading our private space :-)  Cover charge was $5 + $2 for the coat check (not spring yet in case you didn't notice). Drinks prices are fair and there are plenty of bars to get them from.  You'll be pleasantly surprised that the 90's music still sounds amazing versus some of the stuff we hear these days!
4	awesome venue that host interesting events ranging from musical to dance to burlesque (like the suicide girls)their 80s-90s night are not bad at all.fun crowd, cheap beer and sound was good enough that you could hear when someone would talk.the tables area at the front (when you enter) is not the greatest to try to make your way out when its jam packed and people are still sitting at their table. other than that, no bad points really besides having some problem with the ticket booth but it wasn't something that took long to resolve
