4	Finally found my neighborhood nail salon! This place is great. Best pedi I've had in a while...good prices too!
5	I always check Yelp before I try a new place. When I checked for Spazzi in 2010, I was disappointed to see that it had no reviews. I decided to take a risk and get both a mani and pedi and was very satisfied with the results. I find that it is so rare to find a good nail salon with a friendly staff. This place is great - their prices are reasonable, the ambience is very nice, the staff speaks English, and they always do a good job. I've been here about 3 times, and I have always been happy with the results.
1	I have never, I mean never NOT tipped.... until I went to Spazzi Nails.  Went for a pedicure and the paint job looked like a 5 year old did it.  I pointed out I had nail polish overflowing from my toenails onto my cuticles and skin and they looked at me like I was nuts.  What happened to the customer is always right?  Princess Nails across the street (in the Walgreens center) is MUCH better.
4	Overall this is a good nail salon. It's clean with friendly service. I go pretty often because the service is good and the results are nice. I only get pedis and have been usually satisfied. The lady I usually go to remembers everything about me and is super nice.
5	Spazzi Nails has everything I look for in a nail salon. It's clean, friendly & helpful service, meticulous nail techs, and a soothing ambiance! It's fair priced for pedis and manis, which is great, and despite the fact that they always have a good amount of people that come in, they always get me seated in a timely manner. After trying out countless nail salons around the valley, I finally found my go-to with Spazzi Nails. It's a farther drive for me, but well worth it! If you're looking for a nail salon, you can't go wrong with Spazzi.
1	Expensive and horrible service. They cut my finger during my manicure and gave me no massage.  Would not go back there even with a gift certificate!
1	I initially gave this salon a good review...and after coming back a handful of times, my mind has changed.  I have gotten a few 'ok' pedis over the months.  Things took a down turn a few months ago I came in to get a shellac manicure, my first one.  The woman didn't shape my nails or cuticles, and I left with a manicure I thought would last for 2 weeks.  By the next day all the nails were cracked and the paint underneath was still wet.  I ended up going back and having them take it off, and no refund.  Being a person who is all for second chances, and because the location is so convenient, I returned last week and got the WORST pedicure and shellac manicure I have ever had...EVER.  I was charged $25 for the mani...again no attention to my nail shape or cuticles, even after I asked several times.  The polish was thin in places and spilling over my cuticles in others.  It looked like my 5 year old niece did it.  Terrible.  My pedicure was torturous ...with 2 toes bleeding from the ripping and tearing by the nail tech snipping too closely on my cuticles.  The next day both of my heels were totally raw and cracking.  She scrubbed way too much skin off.  It still hurts to walk.  I can't believe I paid people to do such a crappy job.  I will never ever go back.  I hate giving terrible reviews...I really do.  I am a very tolerant and understanding person.  But I have given this salon too many chances and spent way too much money in the process.  Heck, I even tipped (and well) for all of this.  The services were just soooo bad, soooo beyond someone having an 'off' day.  I feel people should be warned and save themselves from going through what I have.  Avoid this place.
1	Definitely the worst gel manicure I've had. The technician didn't even bother to scrape all of the old gel off, didn't soak my cuticles or push them back, and when i pointed out several times that there was something wrong with one of them, she ignored me. I've never broken a nail within 2 weeks of a gel manicure, and I've broken 3 within a week of this botched job, and most of the other nails have gel pulling up at the edges.Won't be wasting my money here anymore.
1	THE WORST experience I have ever had at a nail salon. The short guy that works there is very rude and ruff. He filled my nails and painted the gel on all over my cuticles, my 10 year old could of done a better job. And when I told him to fix it he was kind of mad at me like it's my fault he can't paint. Basically I just made him stop and literally walked out. So don't waist your money. I should of reviewed the comments before walking in there.
1	Never again. My daughter and I wanted to get a fun pedi before we left for a trip to Disney. We decided we would get matching Mickey Mouse heads on our big toes. I picked this place because I saw that they had chairs for kids, but my daughter wasn't even offered a seat in them. The spa pedis were decent and competitively priced for the area, but the paint job was absolutely atrocious. I should have known when they asked what design we wanted and I said Mickey Mouse heads and all we got in response were blank stares from the technicians. They really had no idea what we meant. So, I quickly did a search on my smart phone for an idea to show them. When I showed my technician right as she started my pedicure, she said, "Ah, easy!" So, I sat back and relaxed and figured all would be great. They asked if we wanted our fingers done, too and I declined because we were short on time. Am I glad I didn't pay for a manicure here! My daughter's nail tech said that she would include a paint job for my daughter at no extra charge since I was getting a longer pedicure. After seeing the awful job that was done on her nails, I am so glad that I only paid for a totally messed up pedi, not a messed up mani, too! The paint on her nails was incredibly sloppy. Her toes did turn out okay (not great,) so they were decent enough to go to Disney with, but my toes turned out HORRIBLY. The tech struggled to make a round circle to start off the head! The bottoms of both of the heads on my big toes was squared off! Plus, she was attempting to center the heads and one was way off to the left. Never mind the fact that the ears are proportionally way too small for the size of the rest of the head. It all looked awful! And then, to top all of that off, when she was painting them she accidentally dragged a line of black across the rest of my big toe and instead of fixing it properly, she just tried to just dab it with nail polish remover and then immediately paint over it. So underneath the 'mickey' head immediately began to chip! WORST PAINT JOB EVER! Finally, when I went to pay I was still going to leave a moderate tip, but when I handed the girl cash she acted shocked at the size of my tip and asked if it was for both techs or just one. I will never be back.
2	I used to like this place but its gone downhill in the last year.  The pedicures are pretty good but skip the manis, shellac/gel, and acrylic nails.  I travel often for my job (flight attendant) so I sometimes end up getting a fill somewhere else.  Well, apparently the staff does not like the fact that you've gone elsewhere.  I came in for a fill and the gal said I need to have the nails completely soaked off and start over.  I wasn't sure why as only one nail was broken.  She got an attitude and proceeded to wrench my previous set off via sticking a nail tip underneath the acrylic and shoving, pulling and ripping the acrylic straight off my nail bed!  It was painful and I said no more, just soak them off while I'm getting a pedicure.  She kept asking where I had the previous set done and I told her the short guy who works there did the set.  She tried to tell me no, couldn't have been done here as our acrylic comes off in a 10 minute acetone soak.  I soaked my nails all the way thru a pedicure and they still wouldn't come off. She again proceeded to try and wrench them off (very painful) and actually tore my thumb nail bed completely in half! It was bleeding and hurt.  I told her no more acylics for me as I didn't want to go thru that again.  I asked for shellac and she said no, your thumb is split (grabbing my thumb and showing me like its my fault).  Like an idiot I went ahead and had another full acrylic set done.  That was two days ago and the corners are already lifting.  The attitude of the nail tech was ridiculous.  I'm sooo tired of all the nail techs from foreign countries with attitudes and of course they talk about the customers in their language which is just rude.I won't be returning to this salon as they are very rough and have an attitude to match, as well they do very poor work.
5	This is a great place for a manicure and pedicure.  The best in town.  Thomas is great and Tina is wonderful for the pedicure.  The entire staff makes you feel welcome and they go above and beyond to met your needs.  I have been going to this shop for 4 years and would never go anywhere else.
