5	This is the full-scale taco bell location closest to CMU.what else....it's a taco bell! besides from trying to confirm that i was out of my mind when i ordered 10 doritos locos tacos and a locos tacos box, the staff here are friendly and make great taco bell tacos.
2	Right, so......First off, hire employees that actually appreciate having a job.  Not ones that are there because they are forced to.  That way, maybe you can actually earn a decent review.  If you start off with a bad experience with an employee, you're not going to get a great review.I went here midday on a Sunday.  Thought that was a great idea, especially when I got there and there were no cars in the drive thru.  Pull up to the sign to order and wait for five minutes before I am even acknowledge that I am there.  Finally order and pull around, I wait another five minutes.  I could understand the wait if there was someone in front of me, or if the sit down area inside was packed, but there was no one else there but ME.I'd gladly tell y'all the employee's name, that is if where the name is suppose to be wasn't ripped off.  All I can really say is that she was a real ball of sunshine.  I was made to feel like I was interrupting her day and that I should have just went somewhere else to spend my money.You know what really puts me in a tizzy (yes, I just used that word)?  Leaving the drive thru, driving the distance to my house, walking into my house, sitting down to feed my face and find that part of my order wasn't given to me.  *enter angry expletives here*I doubt I'll be revisiting this location again, I'll drive the further distance from my place the next time I'm craving a taco or two.
2	The drive through service here leaves something to be desired.  Not only was my order wrong but the lady was very grumpy.
1	This place continues to be a joke.  The service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse.  My order is never right and yet I still go...never again.  I officially deem this place the worst restaurant in Pittsburgh.
1	Worst service.  Dirty.  Slow.  Ignorant by the strictest definition.  Do not go here.  Bad!  Real bad.
5	Food is delicious and staff is very prompt.  The one thing I absolutely love about this restaurant is how clean the bathroom is!!!  I was completely stunned and amazed when I walked in.
