4	Michaels has been around since the mid-1980's and has a little bit of everything when it comes to anything related to Arts & Crafts.   When I first moved to Arizona there were only a few Michaels and their scrapbooking supplies were limited.  Now the stores have stepped up and you can find almost anything if you are patient.  Big plus is the 40% coupons that come out in their ads in the Sunday paper.  During holidays often there will be 50% off coupons on special days.  But the coupon is only on good non-sale items.  During Thanksgiving they have coupons for extra % off even on sale items so use it to stock up.While this is not my favorite Michaels in Phoenix it is less than a mile from my house.  So I shop here first and wait for those coupons to get deals - the coupons can even be used on magazines & books the store carries. Most Michaels have classes to teach you off to do crafty things.  Check it out!
2	This Michael's is TINY. Probably ok for general craft stuff, but if you need something specific you should probably go to a larger one.I went on a Sat evening to get some cotton yarn for a crochet project. The one brand they had in stock was on sale that day (I know, crappy timing). There were only a few choices left, at a larger location I would've found something.  Unfortunately this store has such a tiny stock to begin with that the stuff there was not enough quantity even if it had been in a color that didn't suck. If you are actually making something specific this location is too small to count on for supplies (at least when it comes to yarn crafts).On the positive side, the layout is better than some of the other craft stores. The staff was helpful- I didn't get what I wanted but someone did go look in the back. I do like the fact that Michael's has good prices and there is always some kind of yarn on sale. It can really suck you in. Makes me wonder if there are any 12 step programs for compulsive yarn buyers;)
3	This is as mainstream as art and craft stores get, and for a few particular items (like a portfolio case, in my instance), the prices would have been ridiculous if not for some of the groovy holiday sales going on. If you're an arts and crafts noob like me, this will suffice. Do you know a thing or two about scrapbooking and such? Then there are cooler places in the area.
4	This store  has everything you need to be crafty. Sometimes it is hard to find what you are looking for or someone to help you find it. When you do find someone to help you though, they are great. The staff is knowledgable and friendly, there just needs to be more of them!
