4	I let my hair grow out and needed it trimmed up bad before my wedding. Jamal (aka Texas) hooked me up with the fresh fade and now I'm looking good. This is a black barber shop that will take care of your hair cut needs.  Domino games going on while you wait.  That's what I'm talking 'bout!!
5	I took my sons here for their first barber shop haircut.  The staff is very courteous and welcoming.  They got my sons in and out quickly and hooked up their heads.  It was the BEST initiation into the black barber shop experience that my young black men in training could have possibly had!
5	Ever since my Barber has moved away I met a Barber from there.  Tried it for the first time and I am extremely happy with the cut. The Barber had cut it the way I wanted and was by far the cleanest fade I ever gotten. Very satisfied. Tell you one thing is walking in there is just like the movie Barbershop. Very entertaining and fun atmosphere. Sports talk, clowning and the whole nine yard. When I was leaving there was a lady cooking some chicken wings outside. Since I was hungry I had to place an order. Let me tell you one thing that fried chicken wing soooo good. Overall great place!!
4	My personal barber is here. Everyone here is very friendly and you just feel like you're at home. Got a nice fade by Abee (His shirt says B-RoC) on it. Been cutting my hair for the last 15 years and has always done a great job so never had any complaints. They also have these lovely ladies that sell some pretty good food while you're waiting or just hanging out.
5	Ageez Hair Center is family owned and operated. The barber shop and hair salon has been in the valley for over 20 years. Locations in both Chandler and Phoenix the hair center is known for it's family oriented atmosphere. The relaxing Phoenix location is filled with a great team of staff from barbers to stylist. A great place to interact with friendly people within the community to discuss what's going on in sports, real world news and family while you wait. Bring the kids as this center does all type of hair from little to grown. My stylist Kenya has a shop in the back. Kenya has done hair in the valley for many years. Originating from CA she brings style to the valley. Specializing in cuts, perms, relaxers, updos, keratin treatments, wash/blow dry and much more. She is in the center from morning to night and offers an online booking schedule to help find an appointment that best fits your schedule. Her prices are reasonable and her service is always done with a smile. Stop in and ask for AG the owner/barber to hook up your head...
