3	ummm ya so blockbuster now has 99 cent movies every day all day... and some days during the week its only 40 cents... even though this is a tactic since they will all eventually be out of business...but im loving the new rates
3	It's sad seeing Blockbuster dwindle down to basically a dvd storage facility. Regardless, I go here when I want to watch a movie that won't buffer every few minutes. They have a decent selection of the newest released movies and the same during-movie snacks I depend on.Always a relatively charming experience and a consistent place for me to go for movies... until Netflix and Redbox deliver the death blow.
3	This Blockbuster location isn't my favorite, but it's decent. The staff is okay; I like the staff at some other locations more than this one. They have a wide selection when you're wanting movies in comparison to like Redbox. But if I want some of the newer releases, it's better to hit up that Redbox cause it's cheaper. I wish the prices were cheaper for those newer releases. I do appreciate that you can still get the pre-viewed movies for a deal. I grab those when they have the ones I like. I love the 4 or 3 for $20 and that's for DVDs and blu-rays. These deals are how I have my own mini-Blockbuster in my house :P
1	Well where do I start? OK, I have been in the customer service field for 30 years so I think I qualify as an expert in the review!My wife and I rent movies from this location because the one that was closer to our house closed...wonder why??? So we have been coming to this one for a while and we already know the drills on what is the "Latest Deal" they would be offering. However the last 4 or 5 times we have went in to rent movies (and we rent 8 movies or more sometimes at one time) we are getting basically harassed about getting on their plan for monthly purchases. We politely tell them "no thank you" hoping to proceed on but nope not the case! Considering how much we go there and we are recognized by staff members you would think they would stop offering the deal to us. They don't though, they just insist that we get on the plan even after we declined. Then after repeated NO's on several different occasions my wife had to almost check an employee after declining again that we did not want to purchase a monthly plan!This is why people have moved on to NetFlix, Redbox or just plain old not renting from a brick & mortar anymore! If the customer wants something after you offer then so be it but if the decline a product or service then they need to be left alone! C'Mon Blockbuster management when a customer wants to spend their money their way you need to let them! Pull this stunt again...(pissing my wife off on her weekend off and then I have to hear about it at home because of your staffs poor customer service) I will take my business elsewhere and I will publicly via social media let people know what kind of operation you guys are running over there!!! If you don't believe me ask the McDonald's management across the street and here is my post about it! http://lovettellispeaks.blogspot.com/2010/02/getting-order-correct-at-mcdonalds-is.html
3	One of the last remaining Blockbusters in the area!  We usually watch movies and TV show episodes on Netflix, but when we run out of options or when we want to watch newer movies we'll go to this Blockbuster.  Service is always fast and friendly here, and the candy aisle is always so tempting.
3	RIP.  Closed for good!
