5	This is such an awesome find, like 25$ Aveda School  Gift Certificates for 7.00 and  $10.00 Teriyaki Madness Gift Certs. for $2.00!They are legit and they are quick to respond to emails and the marathon shows are awesome!!Check it out, you can get pretty and full for cheap! And sometimes if you are lucky, you can get old people on air professing their love for Auntie Anne's pretzels..got to love senior citzs...
1	I purchased tickets to the wine walk and when we went to get our wristbands at the will call as directed to by the radio shopping show we were told we were not on the list. I made several calls to the station manager who was supposed to call me prior to the event and never did nor did she return my calls. I also was going to purchase a stay at a hotel in Arizona only to find that the Hotel had been shut down for some time by the fire department. I then called the station to inform them that they were selling items that were not available.
1	Be careful about buying any large items like hotel stays. When I complained the hotel did not honor my purchase, they pulled my membership and made threats to me when I said I would report them for ripping people off. Beware! Use groupon, entertainment book or anything else. Poor customer service.
5	I am OB-SESSED with the Radio Shopping Show.  What's that, you've never heard of it?  Tune your radio to AM, my friend!  That's what all the cool kids are doing.So my husband somehow stumbled upon this gem of a radio show while searching for a Steelers game.  The next day on the way home from work, we found it again: AM 1400.  That was months ago and we have been listening to it everyday since.So here's how it works: you listen to the radio host talk about the different businesses they are featuring.  It could be for a show, a restaurant, a beauty salon, window cleaning, computer repair.... The list goes on.  Listeners call in and order what they want.  That's it!  Oh, and did I mention you get a deal on everything?Here is a run down of some of the things we have got from the Radio Shopping Show:-A pair of tickets to the San Diego Zoo AND a pair of tickets to the San Diego Safari Park for a $25 donation to a charity for autism support (regularly $42 for each ticket)-The Poco Diablo resort in Sedona for $75 (normally around $175) with a pair of tickets to Out of Africa for free ($36 a ticket)-A pair of tickets to Bearizona in Williams, AZ for $23 ($20 a ticket)-$15 to Tofu Hut for $5-A pair of tickets to Robert Davi at the Venetian, The Australian Bee Gees, Human Nature, AND Nathan Burton for $60 -A pair of tickets for a Lake Mead Cruise for $25 (50% off)....and this is just the tip of the iceberg on what they offer.I cannot recommend the Radio Shopping Show enough.  You get some great deals, plus it's pretty fun to listen to the callers on the radio.Visit their website to find out when they are on air (http://www.kshp.com/).  You can also see a list of what they are offering, most of which you can purchase online.  Don't be tricked into it though!  Listen in and you will get better deals during the show.  If you can be patient, listen to a few of the shows and you might catch an even better deal on something you are interested in during one of their sales.Now quit listening to that stupid music on your FM channel and move on over to AM 1400!  Just make sure you give me some time to call in first and get the deals before you!
2	I love the idea of the RSS - you tune in and save money on everything from food to salons to travel. Unfortunately, it only works about a quarter of the time.What seems to keep happening is that after you've already purchased your certificate, the business it's for will refuse to honor them! With no warning, you're now at a restaurant, or store or oil change place and you've totally wasted your time. You can either pay full price for whatever it was you have a voucher for (that you've already paid for!) or you're out of luck and you've wasted your day.KSHP will reimburse you when a business refuses to take the voucher, but you have to drive all the way to their office (during regular, short business hours), so now you've wasted even more time and more gas.I used to buy alot of items from them, but after the last few miserable experiences with bad business and the hassle of getting my money back, I have decided to stop buying their vouchers. It's just not worth all that wasted time and effort and frustration.
4	I've been a loyal customer for years, and have had a few negative experiences. Most of the restaurant deals I've bought were easy to use, it's the speciality services like salons that may present a problem. You can return the offer to the KSHP office for a refund or exchange, or call the office to report the problem. Some of the better deals I've used are half price for beer and wine festivals and restaurant deals such as $20 for $6. They have quite a few auto deals as well, and I've bought mostly car washes and had no problem with those.
4	I don't know why more Yelpers aren't privy to the wonders of the Radio Shopping Show. It's similar to the more ubiquitous Groupon and Entertainment Books, but more pro-active in that you choose which deals you want.  I have been a member since maybe the late 90's?? Hard to remember. I have had mostly great experiences, like $6 tickets to Gallagher at the Trop., half-off for seats at the Utah Shakespeare festival, 70% off at lots of faves like the Tofu Hut and M&M Soul Food, and enough passes to send Babygirl and 5 of her friends to American Storm (male Strippers) for her birthday for about 5 bucks each. (Also took her to dinner and got her a cookie bouquet with KSHP discounts. That was one fine, cheap birthday!) Only problems I've ever had (and not frequently) were closed businesses ( but that happens with Groupon & EB's, too), an occasional owner not wanting to honor the certificate, and once, I had my order mailed out and it never arrived. They have always been great about refunds (it's annoying but they really can't help it if businesses close), and since the missing order seems more likely to be the fault of the Postal Service, I guess I have to let it go. Occasionally, you get an attitude when using a cert, but that's par for the course for any of us who are frequent fliers with discounts and coupons. Just go the passive-aggressive route and take it out of their tip! Also, you can buy some deals on-line, but to get the best specials you will usually have to call in live and order on the air. I was a little nervous about this at first, but cheapness trumped shyness and I let my dialing finger do the walkin'.  On the other hand, if you are a frustrated performer who yearns to be broadcast to the masses, here's your chance!
