4	Nice to have a change taste in an area stuffed with mexican restaurants. Quick place to grab light and tasty teriyaki.
4	My experiences with Tokyo Express predates me becoming a Yelper!  I must say they are very consistent.   Not sure why their spicy teriyaki sauce tastes so different than anything you can buy but it's so delicious.  I've been coming to TE for over 15 years and never had a bad bowl here.  This place used to be a 3-4 time a week spot in my single days.  My wife and child do come with me for a meal but are not fanatics like I am.  Don't let the strip mall or the restaurant's appearance scare you away.  It is a must have.  They also have a few other locations if this one is not convenient.  Charlie the owner needs to open one in Avondale!
5	Tokyo is one of the first places I ate at when I first moved here.  It was right around the corner from the school I teach at, so it was our go-to place to grab lunch (before our lunch was shortened to 30 minutes).  Anyway...you could say I'm a regular.  Or maybe the fact they know my order as soon as I walk in would mean I'm a regular.  LOL.I get the Teriyaki Chicken Lunch Special every single time I go.  It comes with the little salad and the tasty ginger/soy dressing and a drink.  Sure, this isn't the most spectacular food in the state, but it is just one of those places that I rely on when I am super hungry and know I can get a filling lunch or dinner.  There's something about it I can't pass up.  I have been to the one near downtown Phoenix and that one was yucky and the staff wasn't as friendly.  My bowl had crunchy half steamed rice, blech!
4	We love Tokyo Express! Been going for years! The food is always fresh and well prepared. I get a large teriyaki bowl with double chicken after the gym for some good carbs and protein.  The sushi is nothing extravagant but tasty.
1	This places is nasty the rice is always over cooked and the teriyaki sauce is just to salty the only good thing there is the side salad
5	I've been going to Tokyo Express since I was a baby with my parents! I've traveled the US and have stayed loyal to there version of the teriyaki chicken!
5	My favorite fast food restaurant of all time.  Fast, healthy, consistent, quality!  I have been going there for like 25 years.  It's the bomb.
