4	Yay! First! Been going to senor taco in fountain hills and i didn't mind the 25 minute drive because they have the best carne Asada burrito in the valley. However i always wanted them to open one closer to home and they finally did!  It was pretty obvious they have not been open for long. Salsa was fresh,  and burro was delicious but the size was smaller than the ones in fountain hills. Right next to DD, I will be visiting here often :)
5	Every bit as good as the one in Fountain Hills without the extra drive for me. Burro and tacos were loaded. Staff was friendly and food was prepared quickly. Great value. Definitely recommended!!!
5	Wow!!!!! This place is amazing! Our new favorite taco shop. Our first time here and sure won't be our last!Excellent service. Awesome selection on meals. Super clean. This restaurant is off to a fantastic start! Glad you're here.
3	I am not impressed with the slow service... Forgot my order... I ordered the breakfast burrito. Not a lot of flavors. Diablo salsa just ok.
5	We needed a quality Mexican restaurant and it's finally here. The Diablo shrimp was to die for. Great fried fish tacos. Salsa with both flavor and heat. Welcome senior ... We have been waiting for you!
4	Nice, clean place with food served up rather fast.  Prices were reasonable, food was good, and plenty of parking in the adjacent Wal-Mart parking lot.  Only quibble I had was that the "Diablo" salsa was not at all spicy.  Come on, guys.
5	AMAZING!! The BEST Mexican food & the FRIENDLIEST place in town!!  We have been going to the Fountain Hills Senor Taco shops for years & years & it is our very favorite Mexican food ever!!  Finally, when we come to Scottsdale to do our shopping, we can now have the same GREAT Mexican food here as well.  So happy they opened in such a convenient location!We have been here 4 times already since they opened, including on Thanksgiving Day!  It is our grandson's absolute FAVORITE place to eat, bar none!  The food is the best, the people are the friendliest, & Rodrigo, the owner, is the nicest guy you'll ever meet.  Make sure you're really hungry, cause the burritos are HUGE!!  Their food is always fresh & made to order.  My husband loves the #2 combo cause the  Chile Relleno is sooo good.  Great tamales & fish tacos as well.  Our grandson ALWAYS orders the same thing, the Hash Brown Breakfast burrito.  I have started ordering something different each time now, cause it's all so good, I'm never disappointed. Seriously, given the choice, we always choose Senor Taco!!!  You won't be sorry!  Make sure you try their YUMMY Horchata after your meal, they make it from scratch!  I love it with a warm cinnamon churro.   Sorry this is so long, we just LOVE this place!  I've not been on Yelp before, this is my first time, but had to write this so they would get the kudos they deserve!  Hope this helps, if you're looking for delicious Mexican food in this area or Fountain HIlls.  They have super $5 meal specials including a drink!  You can't go wrong!  Thanks for taking the time to read this!  Hope you enjoy Senor Taco as much as we do!   Ruthie
5	This place is delicious and the service is really solid!  The Carnitas Tacos are great.  I ordered the same dish basically at La Hacienda at the Fairmont Princess for $34 and Senor Taco destroyed them for $6.  I am excited to continue eating here and would highly recommend you give them a try.  I'm addicted!
5	This place has some awesome food. Absolutely love it. Will definitely be back. Prices are great and the food is awesome.
5	Since having legit Mexican food in CA over Thanksgiving weekend (Taqueria de Anda), I have been wishing for a place that good here...I finally found it. I feel that I'm pretty simple when it comes to Mexican food. The two things that matter most to me are the beans and tortillas. I personally feel that the tortilla will make or break the burrito. The moment I opened the package I knew I made the right choice. My burrito looked like a perfect pillow filled of beans, rice, and cheese. The flavors were on point -no salsa needed. The beans reminded me of my great grandma's, the rice was fluffy orange, and the tortilla was homemade. I know lots of people douse their food in sauces, but I do not. However, next time I look forward to trying their salsa bar with tacos. In addition to salsa, they have spicy carrots and onions for added flavor. Until next time -thank you for fulfilling my beans, rice, and cheese burrito dreams.
