3	Houlihan's is kind of a pseudo fine dining version of a TGI Friday's.  The menu is similar to what I would expect from TGI Friday's, but the decor is a lot more trendy right down to the super obnoxious aluminum menus.  Although the menu items are fairly pedestrian, they have little twists (chevre on the bruschetta instead of the more expected mozzarella, for example) and there is a big focus on presentation.  This makes for wonderful looking food, but the taste doesn't quite hit the mark.  Some of the cool looking little food sculptures are also very difficult to eat.  My bruschetta came with a little minced olive tower that looked like a cross between a wine cork and something out of the cat box, which was none to appetizing.Most of the food I had tasted OK, but the fried asparagus stands out as being notably bad. One of my pet peeves is tough asparagus, and the stuff here was enough to make me go postal.  It was over breaded, over cooked, and the asparagus was actually chewy.  Gross.  I couldn't bite through the asparagus, so when I tried to eat it, the asparagus slid out of the breading leaving a pile of greasy panko straws on the plate.  The horseradish dipping sauce was good, but lacked zing.  At $10 for a dozen bad pieces of asparagus, this should definitely be skipped.As is usually the case with chains, the menu descriptions made the food sound divine but the taste did not live up to it.  It's not bad, mind you, it's just forgettable.  This was particularly the case with the "mini desserts," which are actually full sized desserts; one is plenty for two people.  Thinking they were much smaller than they turned out to be, we got a $6 trio of pecan pie, banana cream pie, and chocolate cake.  All were very cold as if they had just been removed from a long stay in the fridge.  All were also very bland and had terrible texture.  The pies were both runny, and the chocolate cake was dry and made Hostess cupcakes look gourmet.  Like everything else, they looked fabulous, and were also very reasonably priced, but don't let that fool you.  They're really not worth it.  So overall, I give Houlihan's a resounding "meh."  It's not bad, but I certainly didn't find it to be particularly good.  I'm giving three stars because the service was better than I would expect from a newer place so close to campus, and they definitely deserve credit for having such a well trained and capable staff.
2	Houlihans constantly underwhelms me... and by constantly, I mean the two times I've gone there.  I think that for the quality/taste of food, it's way over priced.  I have had the SW chicken wrap, which mentions jalepenos, but I found it incredibly bland.  My dad liked his sandwich... but it was like ham and cheese with mixed greens, it's not that hard.The decor is cool, I just think the prices are a little bit ridiculous for the quality of food in Champaign.
5	I agree with the first review...I get the feeling it is a step up from Friday's, but is a bit more trendy and refined. I was impressed nonetheless. The lighting was intimate and a great start to the evening of debauchery ahead.I had the herb-grilled chicken. Healthy, delicious. As a desert, my date and I split a creme brulee and a white chocolate banana cream pie. HEAVEN on my Houlihan's table!
3	I have been here three times.  The first time my experience was awful.  What I ordered was uneatable and I sent it back and asked that it not be returned.  We ordered the fried mushrooms as an appetizer and loved them!The second visit I decided to play it safe and ordered a simple sandwich.  It was bland and I didn't enjoy it very much.  Again, we ordered the mushrooms and they were fantastic!The third visit was so much better.  I ordered the fish taco lunch combo with chips and salsa and French onion soup.  The French onion soup was really good.  They didn't throw a bunch of croutons in it which is a plus in my book.  The fish taco was really good too.  I asked for extra chipolte sauce which made it that much better.  The chips and salsa were OK.  The chips were good but the salsa was on the bland side.  I also think it is somewhat pricey for lunch.  If you are looking for a better lunch deal then go to Friday's where they offer a lot more lunch combos at a much better price.I will go back here again.  Especially with a group so we can order the mushrooms again.  They are so good.  Word of warning though, they are big and I think you get 6 or 8 of them.  You will need help eating them.
2	Visited once. Personally, I thought it was overpriced for the quality and quantity of food received, and the service was lackluster at best.Five of us went after work for drinks; we didn't expect to have dinner, but we were all a little hungry, so decided to get a light fare before some went out to a party later that evening. I don't drink alcohol, so I ordered lemonade ($2.50, and it was just ok - not very tangy), and a cup of their potato soup, and house salad with blue cheese (each $3.95). I can't believe they don't have light French dressing......this is criminal.I was disappointed that the server couldn't keep the salad orders straight; unfortunately, two of us ordered salads with white dressings; her's ranch, mine blue cheese (since there was no French dressing!). The other gal had to serve as 'taste tester' to determine which salad had ranch and which had blue cheese dressing.For $11.26 (plus my decent tip since I'm not usually bitchy unless the service is really really bad!) I don't think I will likely return to Houlihans on my own free will. If however, someone really wanted to meet me there, I might go for the company and stop at McD's on my way home.
3	I actually think this place is decent for a nicer version of TGI Friday. Service was good. Food was nicely decorated and tasted good. I got the filet mignon which was good but it wasn't worth 22 bucks. my friends on the other hand got fish tacos and they all liked it ($10). we got Bruschetta(?) for appetizer which was really good. Ambiance was cool. Decent (albeit expensive) drink menu. I mean, it's a fine dining version of TGI, what did you expect?Overall, I enjoyed my visit there. I would go back there again.
1	This place is horrible.  The food is raunchy,  it comes out cold and the Restaurant was so cold inside I wore a winter jacket in the summer.  Avoid this place unless you are almost starving.
4	I've been Houlihans several times and I am definitely a fan. While the service has definitely been dopey at times, our food has always been very good. The apps, entre's and even the salads have all been great. I really recommend giving this place more than one chance to shine. The only downfall I feel this place has is the prices- but it's in a hotel, when's the last time you got anything for a normal price in a hotel? It's like buying hot tamales at the theater-
3	Like the rest of the I-Hotel, this restaurant is all glamor and modern chic, but feels a little soul-less.  On a warm spring or autumn day, lunch on their patio can be a wonderful experience.  Their wicker chairs are definitely more comfortable than the awkward, oppressive iron furniture used by most restaurants.  And though the patio sits adjacent to the parking lot, some skillful landscaping sets up the illusion that you're dining in a garden instead of in traffic.Service can be hit or miss.  At peak lunch hours, I've had servers who barely made an appearance except to throw food at me before dashing off to check on other guests.  Even with a few bad memories, there's too much turnover in their wait staff to have any repeated unpleasant experiences.The food feels upscale, and the taste is generally inoffensive and unadventurous.  For their lunch menu, you can expect standard caesar salads, buffalo chicken wraps, and chicken strips, all priced reasonably around $5 to $8.  I am a fan of the fish tacos (panko-crusted fried fillets on warm corn tortillas) and baked potato soup (loaded with bacon, scallions, and some cheddar).  Even if it's chain food, the kitchen staff puts appreciable effort into presentation, with some simple artistry in the arrangement of food (and garnish!--a rarely-encountered relic in this age of cut corners).If your date isn't hostile to the idea of chain restaurants, Houlihan's would certainly serve as a viable dinner option.  Its remote location means plenty of free parking and less chaos than downtown Champaign.
4	I was only there once, waiting for the bus after the Home Show at Assembly Hall.  I was there after lunch hour but before dinner, on a Saturday, so things were very quiet.  Sat at the bar, was almost alone.The Fish Tacos were the best I've had "inland".  I'll go back just for them!The prices were a bit high, like many in-hotel places I guess they assume everyone is on an expense account.
3	stopped down here for a quick lunch. my friend and i ordered a few of the small plates to share which ended up being the perfect amount of food. we shared the bbq chicken flat bread pizza and the spinach dip appetizer. we also each got a cup of soup. i had the french onion, which was alright. the pizza was tasty and the dip was relatively light considering how heavy spinach dips can be sometimes.service was great. our waitress was very attentive.
5	This is delicious! I had never been to a Houlihans before and it is great. At lunch I get the mini burgers and salad combo and it is great- a little pricey. If it was $7.95 or so I think that it would be a better deal but the food is really good. At dinner time they have a menu that included mac and cheese for $6 and it is GREAT!!!! This is a place worth going!!
1	The manager was the rudest person we have ever met.  Went in there last Friday night with 6 other people and we walked into the bar and grabbed a table that was open.  He walked over and started to berate our group for not checking in at the hostess stand.  Then he proceeded to slam down menu's for us and said in a rude tone "Here are your menu's"  needless to say his lack of professionalism forces us to leave this horrible establishment.  I will never go back there and will tell everyone else to never go there!
1	Poorest customer service I've ever seen in not just the restaurant industry but in any service.  Manager was unbelievably rude.  Will never go back next time I'm in Champaign and hope nobody else makes the mistake of going here.
4	Over a year passed since I had last stopped by Houlihan's.  A friend recommended coming here for happy hour.  Based on my prior experiences, I knew to keep my expectations low.  Instead, I had a great time.  I came back a few days later and had another pleasant meal.  As far as chain restaurants go, Houlihan's ranks well above average.  I've skimmed the other reviews, and I can't be sure if I've just been lucky, but I certainly didn't suffer the problems of other customers (e.g., bland food, poor service).Lunch options are generously portioned and reasonably priced.  Complimentary soup or salad is served with entrees, sandwiches/wraps, and pizzas.  I've tried the baked potato soup and chicken tortilla soup and have trouble picking a favorite; both are savory and very thick/hearty.  If you're concerned about skimpy salads, each of the signature salads come with a healthy proportion of greens-to-"toppings" (candied pecans, Gorgonzola cheese, chicken, etc.).The tapas-style menu really makes this a fun spot for happy hour.  There are a LOT of options here (more than 40+), ranging in size from small to medium to entree-size.  You'll find something, even if you're a picky eater (and Houlihan's takes special consideration if you mention being gluten-intolerant, vegetarian/vegan, etc.).  I love being able to pick out a few things to share with friends, but I can also see this as a great option if you have a light appetite and want truly modest portions of rich mashed potatoes or filling pasta.  (Or if you have a diverse appetite and just want to eat bites of a lot of different things!)  You can get small, "appetizer"-sized portions of their mac-and-cheese (yum!), grilled skewers, asparagus salad, and white bean hummus (DELISH).  I eat hummus as an appetizer at many places, and while they vary in success, I found Houlihan's hummus with grilled pita to be plate-lickingly GOOD (surprising especially for a chain!).The other essential element for happy hour are drinks, and Houlihan's is stocked with a full bar, along with a menu of suggested cocktails.  Some of these drinks are more sophisticated, compared to the corn-syrupy messes you get served at most chain restaurants.  For women watching their weight, Houlihan's also serves a number of fruity drinks from the "Skinny Girl" brand (great for minimizing the damage that restaurants can do to your diet).
5	Yum!  That hit the spot!  I wandered around campus for a good hour looking for a place to enjoy a nice meal and glass of wine but had no luck near the college, so I came back to the hotel where I am staying. I wanted a steak but thought the 8 oz filet was a little pricey and large so I settled on the 4 oz filet (and subbed fries for a house salad for $2).  My steak was perfectly cooked and was served with a side of broccolini and a dab of buttery sauce for only $10!!  The 8 oz fillet is only $25 and comes with sides and a salad so that's not a bad deal either. I also had breakfast here this morning and was very satisfied with my scrambled eggs and bacon. I would definitely recommend this place. I know it's my first review, but it's legit. :)
4	I had the fish tacos, hubby had a bacon cheeseburger, and the kids had corn dogs. The fish tacos were very tasty!
1	I am staying at the IHotel, which is connected to Houlihans.  I went down to put in a take out order, because there is no takeout menu in my room.  They got my drink and gave me a menu at the bar, but never came back for my order.  I was trying to make eye contact and waving the menu and my glass for awhile, then starting waving my arms in the air.  Nothing.  Granted, they were busy but I watched them wait on other people coming in while I got nothing.  I felt like I was invisible!
3	So here's the thing: after 4 times here the service has been consistently friendly but incompetent.For example, today I got sat in a nearly empty restaurant, and the host forgot to bring a menu. She said she'd bring one right back, and then forgot (I watched her stand at the host stand, bored). Took 5 minutes to get one from waiter. This is the kind of thing you'd forgive as a fluke, but you watch and see table-waiting basics being flubbed all over the place. Last time, I watched *three* different customers standing up and approach a waiter stand asking to find their waiter. My service was slow, and didn't anticipate common needs (like a coffee refill at breakfast).My food came out partially cold and partially hot, which is either a kitchen timing issue or a tardy waiter who left food sitting in the window too long.Seeing as it doesn't seem to be one bad server, I'd guess this the result of poor training--which is usually a management issue.If you can survive the service, the hip/classy atmosphere has rich dark wood, orange lighting, and attractive window bays looking at Memorial Stadium on the south tip of campus. The menu items I've had have been either decent or great.Worth a try, I suppose, but bring patience.
3	They have changed the fish tacos and I do not like them as well as I did before.  If you sign up on Houlihan's website they send you a coupon on your birthday for a free entree up to $15.00.  I went today and ordered the Tao Chipolte turkey wrap with chips and salsa and french onion soup.  The wrap wasn't bad.  It had good flavor but the wrap itself was dry so it crumbled some.  The french onion soup was really good and the chips and salsa were OK.  All in all it was a good free meal.  The server was attentive and the atmosphere pleasant.  Very clean and chic.
5	We went here on Mom's weekend when campus and downtown were booked.    What an ice surprise.  I had the best veggie burger I have eaten.  Their own special recipe.  The fish tacos got rave reviews and the ironic steak was  very good.  Service was excellent.    If they would switch their burgers to homemade and not frozen patties they would have had everyone at our table pleased.  Also, the asian slaw and salad were super
1	If you're vegan, stay away.If you're strict about your vegetarianism, stay away.If you have any dietary restrictions, stay away.Unless you enjoy repeated occurrences of:1) "Without bacon please"2) Receiving bacon on sandwich3) Having the kitchen take the bacon off but return the same sandwich still covered in bacon grease.  Not really what I had in mind... Alternating visits yield either:1) "Oatmeal is made with water"2) "Oatmeal is made with milk"So either they change their recipe really often or the staff have no idea what's going on.  Vegan breakfast option:  Cup o' fruit"Vegetarian" breakfast options:  You've been warned.
1	If I could have given no stars I would. Worst restaurant experience in Chambana, again. Here for business lunch, group of 10. Out of veggie burgers, out of flatbreads, discovered both of these  several minutes after placing first ordering.  Waitress offered me the vegetarian alternative of a chicken salad; I explained to her that chickens are animals and murdered to be put in the salad.  Wait staff has messed up more than one order, can't remember who order what, meals are coming out one at a time. My suggestion, avoid and go anywhere else.
1	I'm done with this place.  I have been several times to this location always during lunch with varying results.  Today a friend and I were seated in a bar booth without asking, although there were plenty of other places on the restaurant side.  Our waitress was ridiculously slow.  She actually got slower as lunch wore on although I only saw she had three tables to wait on.  We were there from 11:50 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. for lunch in a near empty restaurant.  Asked for our checks at 1:05 she said in a minute.  10 minutes later she brought them.  We waited another 15 and she never came back to run our cards.  We had to go to the hostess stand and get a manager to check us out.  The food isn't that good to give this another chance.  Won't go back, ever.
2	Don't come here on game day because you'll get a "special event" menu and there isn't anything good on it.  Yes this makes it easy for kitchen and staff, but it inconveniences the paying customer.  Why even stay open.  The service is ok, but you can tell some employees don't want to be here.Skip it on Illinois game days.
1	You expect a certain level of a quality when you go to a chain, that's why you go there.  This Houlihan's doesn't measure up to others I've been to.  The service was awful, we waited 20 minutes for our waitress to show up at the table.  We then placed our order immediately so as to not wait even longer, and we saw her go to several other tables for very long minutes before even turning in our order.  So we waited another 30 minutes to get our food, which was NOT worth the wait.  I had the fish tacos, and the fish was dry and overcooked.    There are better places to eat in Champaign.
3	My family & i think this place is better than it was before.  They are improving with every visit
4	I stay at the IHotel for business often (bi-weekly) and have had dinner at Houlihan's on many occasions.  This restaurant is very consistent.  I haven't had a bad meal yet.  The filet mignon with mashed potatoes hits the spot on a cold night in U-C.  I'm pretty addicted to their Fat Spaghetti and Potstickers.  Weird combo?  Yes, but I crave them as soon as I check into the hotel.  The waitstaff is excellent, but a couple of the hostesses could be a tad "warmer".  Overall, this is great spot.
1	There was nothing good about our experience there who a group from work. Service was awful, waited 15 minutes for cutlery after food arrived .  Food was cold and 2 orders were wrong. Soda water was mixed with sprite.  Everything that could have gone wrong went wrong.  Hope it's not the norm for this place
1	I've been here on numerous occasions. At least 6 times. It's a convenient location and I always think my bad experiences are a fluke. I've come for brunch once, that was a bust. My other visits are during dinner. Of all the dishes I've tried, the worst was the veggie burger. Cold white rice with a few black beans thrown in and shaped into a patty.I'd prefer a bowl of cereal at home over this place. Hands down.
1	Sunday night we expected it to be slow, diners that is. However everything was slow. I ordered a filet mignon-medium rare and my wife ordered an almond crusted tilapia. We waited 30 minutes for our food and my filet was over cooked. It had no sear marks and appeared to be oven cooked. How do you mess up a steak? The tilapia was thickly crusted with something, with little specks of what may have been almonds. I asked to have my steak redone and to their credit they obliged, agreeing it was not done correctly. As my wife picked the mystery crust off her fish, my steak was redone. The second steak appeared promising (sear marks visible), but the cook obviously did not time or let the steak rest because this time it was rare (raw). Now I enjoy med rare bloody, but not cold raw steak. We had enough. Asked for a doggy bag and may give my dog a once in a lifetime treat.
5	Because I would be arriving during Mother's Day weekend at U of I, I emailed ahead and asked if I could make a reservation since I knew it would be packed.   I received an answer promptly and was accommodated.  Service was great and friendly.  Our party enjoyed chicken parm, fish tacos and the chicken wraps.  All were very tasty.    My contact via email, Sam, came over to our table and checked how things were going.   We all enjoyed our experience and will be back.  Thanks to Sam and Pete for going out of their way to make our dining experience a pleasant one!
4	Fantastic dinner last night. Seared ahi tuna and calamari for apps, scallops and stuffed chicken for dinner. The food was very good. I expected to wait much longer than we did for food since the campus was flooded with marathon runners. In and out in about an hour. My only complaint is with the service. Our waiter looked like he had just rolled out of bed and was annoyed he had to work. By the end of the meal we were finally able to get one smile out of him. Will definitely be back!
4	Staying at the iHotel for a conference. Pleasantly surprised at how good the food was! Tomato bisque (with grilled cheese fritter) and veggie mini burger were yummy and both tasted freshly made. Very quick service. Friendly bartenders both nights (sat at bar).
2	Staying at the iHotel for the second time in a month. Staff is very nice but the lunch from Houlihan's was very disappointing. The tomato bisque was acceptable (I would give it 3 stars) but the flatbread was absolutely horrible (0 stars) -- oily, doughy, wilted arugula with 0 taste, and I am pretty sure some of the mushrooms were past their prime. The flavor and texture of the flatbread made me wonder if it was pre-made and then just microwaved, there was nothing fresh about it.
5	me and a friend went on friday 13th ... and service was nice food was awesome .. i had the chicken nachos and 4 an appetizer i had the smushrooms and a couple of caborna mojhitos .. nice portion and friendly wait staff ... just a great dining experience
4	This is not the Houlihan's of my childhood! This is a classy, someone expensive, upscale establishment. With 4 adults and 2 toddlers, we were seated (thankfully) away from all the other guests (it was early maybe just 5p so there was a lot of extra space). The food was good and the staff was friendly and helpful. I don't live in the area, but if I did, I would be adding this to my list of go-to places for when company is in town.
4	Came here for a conference and got to enjoy the reception here at the on site restaurant. Great wings, pizza, spinach dip, and fried mushrooms. Also great service  at the bar! The bar tenders were extremely accommodating and found chargers for my friend and I (with different phones) after ours had died.I would say 5 for service, and 3 for food.
4	Great food! Excellent place to eat out near campus. Could do better with reservations. They have missed mine twice.
1	Came here with a party of 15 (we had a reservation). They were completely unprepared for us. We arrived at 7 and they first tried to seat us at a table for 8. They then moved us to the bar area and sat us on 4 different round high top tables. Whatever, we can make that work.We all ordered our drinks and it took over 20 minutes for them to all be delivered. Mind you, many of us just ordered water to start with as we were going to be going out afterwards. 20 minutes is just insane to wait for water!Another 20 minutes goes by and our waiter (who's name I never caught) FINALLY came to take our orders. We knew it would take awhile for our food so we all sat and chatted. Food finally started coming out and as it came out he had no idea who ordered what, so we had to figure out what was on the plate and who ordered it. My food was alright, though at first it didn't come with the potato's that I ordered. Instead of just bringing me a side, he took my entire plate back and came back with mashed potato's very haphazardly placed on the side.One of our diners didn't get their food until almost everyone had already eaten. She ordered chicken tenders...they aren't that difficult to make!So up until this point we were all a bit peeved but could deal with it.The real disaster hit when he went to give us our tickets. Out of 15 checks, only 2 of them were right. He charged a pregnant lady 2 alcoholic beverages! It's not like he just gave her the wrong ticket, she was the only one that ordered what she got! So he just had no idea who ordered what.I got my check and it had an iced tea on it that I didn't order. He took my check to take it off and I didn't get a new check for another 30 minutes. I almost walked out without paying because we were getting tired of waiting, but I'm an honest person and I wouldn't have felt right leaving without paying.FINALLY the manager came out to assist him. Why wasn't she there the entire time? I have no idea! But she was about as much help as a log. She apologized, of course. But did we get any sort of compensation? Nope. She did decide to send the person that the party was in honor of a gift card to come back. Something tells me that gift card will go unused. I know I will never return to this establishment.Why was that poor waiter left on his own with a party of 15? Why didn't ANYONE help him? I saw at least 3 or 4 waiters pass by our table and not a single one of them thought that maybe he was struggling. Now, don't get me wrong...our waiter was about as personable as a stick in the mud, but still...we couldn't help but feel sorry for him, he obviously had no support from management.Get it together, Houlihan's. If you can't handle a 15 top, don't allow them. I doubt ANY of us will ever return to your establishment. And you really put a damper on what was supposed to be a really awesome night for our bride-to-be.
2	The service at Houlihan's is the slowest of all the places I've been to in Urbana-Champaign. We went looking for a server after sitting down and waiting for 15 minutes, and after he came, he took the longest time to bring the menu, drinks, bill, etc.The food was meh, nothing that stood out.
1	A really bad bar and an incredibly poorly run restaurant.  A U shaped bar, high top tables scattered everywhere.  TV's in every direction.  Everything has that cheesy, corny chain vibe.  Bartenders are not intentionally bad, but when it is obvious that management doesn't care, why should anyone else?Generic, frozen food that is just reheated when ordered.  Still, they manage to get grease fires.  Literally, came to the hotel to pick up a friend as I was going to a wedding.  We decided to have a drink before hand.  Everyone was evacuated because there was a grease fire in the kitchen.  Fire department shows up and quickly takes care of everything.  They let us back in to finish our drinks, but no food :)Have eaten here before that, and might as well just buy everything from the frozen section at Schnucks, and reheat.  It is the same thing.They do have Bell's on tap, but frozen pint glasses, and ice crystals form in the glass.  Yeah, don't know what the point of drinking frozen beer is?  Maybe the Macros have brainwashed people to think otherwise, but no reason to drink Bells Best Brown like that.For some reason a popular spot before an Illini game, and apparently a nice hotel.  Though one of my least favorite bars and restaurants in Chambana.
