4	I feel like this place is a diamond in the rough compared to JoAnne's.  In Texas, Hancock Fabrics vs JoAnne Fabrics was completely different.Sadly I get the feeling this place may succumb to the poor economy sooner rather than later.  It simply does not feel like it gets enough traffic, especially in the area it's located (a pretty dead strip mall).  Still, I'd rather go here than any other place.  The staff is always helpful and friendly, and the prices are fair.  When they're running a sale, which is pretty much most of the time, the prices become great and the selection is always there.Take a peek if you're a crafty person like me - you might be pleasantly surprised!
3	Don't be in a hurry when you go here!  Cause the workiers are in no rush to get to you!
5	Kristi is the best. She helps me a lot when I go In and probably doesn't even remember me but is always fantastic in customer service and always helpful. Great selection of what I'm looking for each time, too.
4	Why did I buy so many accent pillows? Why don't I listen when I have people around me who say they can sew? Why did I not just come to Hancock Fabrics earlier to pick up enough fabric to make 8 accent pillows for the price of 4 from the store? I'll tell you why. It is because I am a moron. Well, it took my best friend's mom dragging me into the store to pick out two different patterns and a handful of zippers for me to start kicking myself in the butt. Now I have a plethora of pillows and maybe not enough places to put them. An overabundance is better than a shortage. The ladies in the store are so friendly. I was lost, but they guided me to the materials that work best for pillows. From that point, we were able to speed along through the process. It was a success!
5	Love this store! It's kind of tucked back in the corner of the plaza so I feel like a lot of people miss it so I'm going to share! It's a great store for fabrics (clothing, projects & upholstery), ideas, crafts, home decor, the list goes on! The staff are very helpful & knowledgable! My Mom is a master sewing...I get by, so when I can't get in touch with her with questions or suggestions the ladies @ HF are always super informative & eager to help my project  bloom with their suggestions! Their prices are good too & the quality if what you're getting as well! I've made everything from chaps for my son's sheriff part in the school play to tutu's for my niece's & all things in between! It's worth seeking out b/c they always have the stuff I can't find elsewhere! It's been around since waaaay before JoAnnes, Michaels & Hobby Lobby, it's old school do it yourself with the knowledgable staff to back it up!!
