5	100x better than anything In n Out could shit out into a wrapper and try to pass off as food.So glad these guys finally opened up here... now if only they could get a location going closer to my house...
3	Pros: For two days old they are consistent with what you would expect from Five Guys. Although line was super long, service was very quick from start to finish. Best part, the burger! Very close but slightly behind I-N-O in quality with more of a home burger taste. Cons: No Milkshakes! How can you sell hamburgers with no milkshakes? Fries were the typical heavy, greasy, peanut oil tasting Five Guys fries. Not a fan of Five Guys fries. No outdoor dinning. One man bathrooms are not conducive to 100+ diners at one time. Mushrooms are canned so no real mushroom flavor.Overall great burger but In-N-Out still holds the best rating overall for food, quality and experience. Seems as though burger joints will be playing Ketchup (pun intended) to I-N-O for years to come or at least as long as they remain family owned, which seems that won't change soon and shouldn't.
4	When I mention Five Guys to a group of my friends, they just could not stop ranting, raving, O-M-Ging and everything in between. I thought to myself. "For reals?" No way. Let's get down to business. I got myself a bacon cheeseburger, regular fries, and a drink. $11 bucks. I thought it was pretty pricey, especially when I could drive a little bit and grab myself a double double animal style, fries, and a drink for 6 bucks at IN-n-OUt. The order came out in a paper bag and you could see the grease spots all over it. Yum. I opened the paper bag only to find a mountain of fries just piled inside. The burger was what I was most looking forward to. I opened the aluminum wrapper like it was a Christmas present, carefully and slowly, to see the steam of the fresh hand packed, juicy, double bacon cheese burger staring right back at me and begging for mercy as I was about to double fist the burger into my salivating mouth. One bite was all it took. The endorphins were rushing through my brain and all that I uttered under my breath was... O-m-g. The fries though, left much to be desired. Hence, the one star deduction. It wasn't all that they were cracked up to be. It was a bit bland and soggy. There is really nothing worse than taking a bite of a juicy burger only to bite into a soggy fry right afterwards. It ruins the experience.  I don't care that much for soggy fries, it was truly a let down. Overall, minus 1 for the fries, plus 5 for the burger. Oh and the peanuts you can eat while waiting. Five guys is going to be a success in Vegas. I can't wait to see them grow and go back again for their delectable burger.
1	I -had- to try Five Guys tonite, and well....I'm glad I did, for many reasons.Yes, I'm an In-N-Out gal, there's nothing better than a Double-Double, animal style, no tomato and the fries WELL done. HEAVEN.Pros: Five Guys had -one thing I liked: The cajun seasoning for the fries. Mainly hot paprika, and salt, but it was a very enjoyable flavor. It all went downhill from there, sadly.Cons: A -greasy- burger, no matter how much the propaganga on the walls tells you otherwise. (the little reviews/write-up from mags, all along the walls. The one i'm referring to it the article nearest the bathroom.) The meat has very little flavor. The "juiciness" they brag about was just oozy grease, so be warned! The toppings I chose: grilled onions, sauteed mushrooms, lettuce, pickles and mustard. I ordered the bacon cheseburger, for those of you curious. The mushrooms? They use -canned- button mushrooms; those godawful slimy, discusting things with little flavor but of what I like to think of as ASS. A BIIIGGG thumbs-down for using such a gross item; it took away from any potential tastiness of the burger, and I ended picking them all off, after 2 bites.The fries: Wow. TOTAL let-down, but for the seasoning. They were soggy, limpy, greasy, PARTIALLY UNCOOKED, and the worst french fries i've EVER had in my life. They also cook them in peanut oil, so they have a unique 'tang' to them that I did not care for in the least.In-N-Out has NOTHING to worry about, this place isn't even -close- to being a contender for a good burger joint!
5	So glad they finally opened up out here.  Missing them from my days living in the DC area.  It's nice to go to a place and not have to have some secret handshake or know the special code, "animal double dribble with a side of wasssssuuuup" or however y'all order at that In n Out place.  Looking forward to the opening of the one on Craig Rd. as it will be better than having to travel to Hendertucky all the time. The deal is, those that love In N Out will hate Five Guys and vice versa.  Didn't realize the burger wars were worse than the east coast/west coast rap wars.  It's just food!
4	Five Guys was delicious. I heard from previous people who were from the mid-west area that this franchise is really popular... like an In-N-Out. I love good quality burgers so I had to give this place a try. I had a bacon cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, grilled onions, and mayo. It was a juicy, delicious goodness. I didn't order the french fries because I'm allergic to peanut oil..... Usually whenever I eat hamburgers or any type of meat, I have a sensitive palate and can taste the "gaminess" of the meat... which means the mean if poor quality. However, their burger was perfect! Way better than Steak and Shake.... I ordered to-go over the phone and you can also do it online. If you live near the place its worth it cause the line is short compared to when you dine- in. I would definitely go back!
3	Awesome burger, below average fries and a long ass wait. Would be 4 stars except they are like twice as much as In n Out, which I think is the only competition they have!Plus, this is Vegas baby...you need a drive thru and have to be open later than 10 PM!
5	Just went here again, today. I don't know what the hell these crazy people who are writing reviews are talking about, but the fries aren't "undercooked". Perhaps that's because you're actually tasting potato in them...Screw the haters... If you don't like Five Guys, then stay the hell out, so I can get my food faster. Enjoy your cardboard-tasting In n Out, while I enjoy a REAL burger.
4	I usually don't like fries, but five guys fries are good!!! The burger is definitely better than Steak -n- shake, and about the same with In-n-out. The kicker is the extra toppings with grilled onions and mushroom and peppers. Bad news is the price about $9 for a cheeseburger (double meat & cheese) and regular fries no drink. I came in around 3:30 pm so there was no line. Nice and courteous staff. They asked me if I wanted more fries.
4	I'm not going to waste time comparing this place to In-n-Out. They are completely different. period. I prefer a bigger meatier burger with mushrooms and bacon but everyone has their own personal preferences. The fries both here and at In-n-out dont' compare to the industrially-engineered unnatural (yet perfect) fries at Mcdonald's, but they are both natural fries and that's the way it is. They aren't great, the fries at in-n-out aren't great. I dont really eat many french fries so I don't care. My burger was perfection (I actually LOVE canned mushrooms so I'm so pumped they give me these included in the price), and the bacon and cheese and meat was all delicious. As an added plus, they have 100% beef Hebrew National hotdogs. You can get cheese melted on them too, or cheese and bacon. I split a yummy cheesy hot dog with my husband in lieu of fries ! So I'm taking a star off because I used their online ordering system so I could skip the lines. I pulled up to the extremely crowded, busy restaurant (they had 17 people working in the kitchen so they definitely weren't understaffed!), and told the order guy "I'm Blair, I have a web order, do you know how I pick that up". He gave me a clueless look then asked the manager. She fiddled around a bit and then said "uh yeah, it's being made". Ok, fair enough. The problem is even though i told him my name and that I ordered online, they only call the orders out by number. After he called "43" a whopping 5x, I asked him "any chance that's for me". He shrugged and handed me the bag- sure enough it said "WEB ORDER - BLAIR" in huge letters on top. Hey clown, when I tell you "I'm blair, waiting for a web order" maybe don't call it out by  number??!?!? How are web orders supposed to know we are order "43"??? Call web orders out by name, idiot!Anyways, despite my little web pick up mishap, the food was delicious and wonderful and I will be returning many times. I'm hoping because I went on their 2nd day of business they will iron out the issues (like internet orders) and when I return this week they will be better.
5	I fell in love with Five Guys back when I lived in DC. It is such a DC institution - and I don't think anywhere can ever beat the Georgetown location. So I was nervous walking into this Five Guys. Could it possibly hold up? I've dined at a Midwest Five Guys location, and I didn't think it was very good. So yeah, I was a little nervous.But that nervousness quickly grew to anticipation as we approached the location and began the search for parking. Once finally entering, the anticipation became a desperate hunger. Despite the line being quite long, it moved relatively quickly. It was around 20 minutes from the time we got in the line until the time we received our order.A huge smile came over my face as that paper bag with grease spots coming through was set in front of me. As I unwrapped my burger, I couldn't help but stop and stare. It was a thing of beauty. Awww, Five Guys, we meet again. I took a big bite and relished in child-like joy as juicy goodness started to run down my hands. The two patties, the cheese, the bacon, the crisp lettuce and tomato - so fab! And then I dived into the Cajun fries. Crispy outside, soft inside, and covered in a spicy mix that is such savory deliciousness. Yes, it was just as good as I remembered from in DC. Yes, it did totally hold up to the DC area locations. Yes, yes, yes. My personal note on the fries: You have to go with the Cajun fries. The Cajun seasoning totally makes the fries.
4	The Cajun Fries are delish, and they remind me of Better Made's Rainbow Potato Chips.  (http://bmchips.com/rainbow-potato-chips.aspx)  Hot and dark, just like I like my men.  ;)  j/k
2	Did I miss something? Seriously, what's the big deal?I hear how "amazing" it is, and the place is packed so you figure it should be at least really good, right?A star for atmosphere (minus an over the top loud worker that was obnoxious), and a star for a thick patty, but that's it.Loses the stars at:The fries were bad! Soggy and tasted like burnt oil. The buns are not good burger buns (squishy, soggy, fall apart- not too far from Fatburger buns).If you're going to advertise how "amazing" your burger is all over your store, you should live up to it. It was just okay. Not bad, but not really good or great. Comparable to a $6 burger from Carl's Jr- in all seriousness (and at least that comes with a fries and a drink for that price).Um...about $12 for a cheeseburger, fries and a drink...this is a joke, right? No wonder you put your first Vegas location in Anthem.I tried not to give myself too big of expectations with this place despite all the rave reviews from friends- but big dissapointment.
3	Its aiiite.... There is quite the hype, but why not?? It's a cool place, makes you feel like someone from Food Network or Travel Channel is going to walk in with the cameras rolling.I like the hustle and bustle of the crowd.... if you don't like crowds.. DONT come here.While waiting in line, which goes by in no time, you can munch on some peanuts that are provided for the entire community to touch (build your immune system;]). The best thing about this place is that the toppings are ALL included... grilled mushrooms, grilled onions, pickles, jalapenos, A1 steak sauce, barbecue sauce, hot sauce... What ever you want, it's included. I got myself a "small cheeseburger" which is of course, not that small.. and i got it with  "everything" which includes lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, pickles, mayo, ketchup, mustard. Quite filling. Sad thing is, I had just gotten off work and scarfed it down my throat. I don't remember the taste.... Was it because I was starving, or because it was lacking in flavor?? I will have to return and make an update!!The fries were a kind of cool and novel thing, you order a regular, but they fill the bag anyway. Well, 5 Guys, thanks for coming to the west coast.... but now its up for us to decide... In n Out... or 5 guys!!!
4	I've heard the hype for a while about this place. The burger definitely lived up to all of that and then some. The fries are why I can't give this place five stars. Let's focus on the burger first. Fresh ingredients, cooked perfectly, quality meat, and most of all, it just tasted awesome. The fries on the other hand were just okay. Not terrible, not great, probably a step above a regular fast food chain. The quantity was incredible. The regular burger featured a double patty, double cheese, and lots of fresh veggies. The line when we arrived was relatively long but they were clearly prepared for the festivities. The team was hustlin' and bustlin' back there and knocking out one order after the next. The staff seemed friendly enough and the dining area was large and clear. Overall this was a great experience and I would recommend it to anyone.
2	It was very crowded and the line was fairly long but it did move quickly. We got two small cheeseburgers and one large fry with two regular size drinks for $20, Yikes. The burgers were ok at best,The buns fell apart  about halfway through and the fries were horrible. I can think of plenty of places with better burgers for less money.  All in all FGBF's was a big disappointment and I will not go back. Gave it two stars for the quick way they handled the line and for the peanuts.
5	Awesome!  Lines were long but moved fast.  In-and-out tastes like a discount burger joint compared to Five Guys.  Cajun fries where the best.  You get a grundle.  My wife and I shared a regular burger and a fry with more than enough food to go around.  Great place!
4	Great burger, but the fries were wanting.  Nevertheless, the shared order was fully consumed.  The burger was well cooked - not well done - and condiments added nicely to the flavors.  Just the right amount of "busy" at 7pm and the peanuts are a nice way to spend a few minutes chatting while waiting for the order to be announced.  5 Guys is a nice alternative to In&Out.I'd not heard about 5 Guys until recently and a shop in Massachusetts caught my eye enough to take a photo.  A friend runs a video post house in L.A. named "5 Guys Named Moe" after the famous pop tune from the 40s.  "Who's on first"?
2	They gave us food that other people open, touched & gave back!!The people next to us opened their bag, took out the food, opened the burgers, took out the fries & realized this was NOT their order. They returned it. Guess what??? Our # was called next & the server actually wrapped up the food & put it into the bag & tried to give it to us!!! Wow really??? Can't see going back & I can't trust the employees serving the food! Good burger. Fries soggy. Root beer tasted off. Might have been better to wait a week, & better train the staff more THEN open? Just saying
5	The best!!! It'll take awhile for their grills to get properly used and seasoned like their older chains on the east coast but it's already really good! Grab some free peanuts and vinegar for your fries! :)
4	Walking into the place, first impression, holy crap it's packed in here! The line was to the door! Took about 15 minutes to get to the front of the line and order my food, and another 15 minutes to get my cheeseburger (all the way) and some Cajun fries. Well the burger looked messy... and it was, but that's not really a bad thing! The burger itself was like a mix between in-and-out and fatburger, in my opinion the big star of the burger was the onions and mushrooms, that's where most of the flavor I experienced came from at least. The Cajun fries were pretty good, nothing too special, great spice though! I will have to try the normal ones next time since after eating about half I got a little tired of the flavor (the large is pretty big). Overall it was good, I'd easily give it 4 stars. Service was great and fast considering how busy it was in there. The food was also great, but nothing entirely too special. I would put it on par with in-and-out and fatburger. If you haven't been there yet, and don't mind paying $6 for a burger, go and enjoy another great burger place here in town!
1	Here we go again. Another overrated burger joint. Five Guys was everything I dislike in a restaurant!!! 5 Gripes about 5 Guys Burger and Fries: 1. The lighting- Did you gain inspiration from an operating room? Who wants to eat under a spotlight? Disturbingly too bright! It actually made me uncomfortable. The music was also way too loud to have a conversation. That's when the peanuts came in handy... 2. The Peanuts- We aren't elephants or at the circus, stadium or bar so I don't get it! Just made me thirsty. 3. The staff- There were entirely too many employees standing behind the counter goofing off and doing nothing. You would think between the six of them as a team they could have managed to get my order right. FAIL. 4. The burger-  A backyard BBQ burger at best. Unoriginal. While that's not a bad thing it was just missing the WOW factor for me. It was good, but nothing I can't recreate in the comfort of my own home. 5. So I lied. I only have 4 gripes about 5 Guys Burgers=) Overall there was nothing appealing at all about this place. The combination of the bright lights, loud music and mediocre food was very disappointing. 5 Guys has officially been voted off of my island and out of the circle of trust. Sashay away.
4	I really like this place and the free peanuts are a plus.  No parking, long line, full tables, people waiting at the soda fountain for their drinks.  This place is like a rock star burger place.Service - No need to rate it since it is more or less serve yourself. Ambiance - You would think we did not have an energy crisis with all the lights and totally bright atmosphere.  If anything is a five star in this place, it is the lights. If you are on a first date, don't go here or your date will get too good a look at you in the most blazing light possible!!!Food - Easy menu, easy extras and plenty of them. Onions, mushrooms etc, great and easy.  Really tasty and really good burgers. Could not tell the difference between the Cajun Fries and regular, but they do give you alot of fries.  There are a ton of peanuts that you can grab, put on your table and start eating. Kinda cool.  If you have BIG HANDS, it is easy to eat the overfilled and soggy burger. I normally don't like soggy, but it was good.  If you are petite or a kid, well, just bring extra napkins and good luck.What happened to the - Where are the shakes at? Come on, if you are going to fatten up, do it right! No shakes?Price - Not bad.  Family of 5 that each had a burger, drink and shared two fries - 55.00 approx. Not the greatest deal, but not bad.I find that In and Out does it right and has a great price. Red Robin does it right as well, and for the price vs. quality, I think I will continue to frequent In and Out and come to Five Guys if/when it is convenient.
5	aahhhh. just as i remember. i have been a fan since a few years back when i discovered them while down Baltimore from NYC. then when they opened in NYC it was over. burgers every week. now that I am in here in Las Vegas and they have opened my life is made. I will say I think 5 guys is better than in and out. from the cajun fries to all the free toppings. burgers that melt in your mouth. now be forewarned it is a little more expensive than in and out. i think it is worth it though. the employee's at this location were friendly. they also serve hot dogs. (and for the bacon lovers hot dogs topped with bacon! YUMS!) i have never ventured out of my burger love though. don't be afraid to grab some free peanuts while waiting in line and for your food. (yes, they are free. some people looked at me funny when i just grabbed a little box of them. when i told them it was free and to get some they were all for it though.) i know it is busy and a pretty hyped place right now, but wait in line. it's worth it.so glad they have arrived in las vegas and just like nyc, it will be a weekly place for me and my burger loving mouth.
5	The Burgers are AWESOME! I had the little bacon cheeseburger and it was one of the best burgers I've had in awhile. I love In and Out, but Five Guys was better. Cajun fries were good and loved the peanuts while waiting in line. They may have needed to have a bigger space, or it may be fine once they open their other locations, that was the only thing limited parking and waiting for table, neither was drastically long,but my husband isn't into waiting (he didn't mind once he got the food)YUMMY!!
4	FREE TOPPINGS! Yeah - they had me at free toppings, and I am not just talking about ketsup and mayo, I'm talking grilled onions and grilled mushrooms - for FREE! Things you need to know before you go1) It is PACKED! They are brand new so they are busy. Even though they are busy they have enough people to turn everyone around quickly. They even have people on the floor quickly cleaning tables for the next guest. Love it.2)They have free peanuts! So, if you just cannot wait for your meal, you can graze on peanuts. Its like being at the circus.3) A regular burger is a double burger...a DOUBLE PATTY burger. Seriously. Wow! So, if you want a single patty you have to get a baby burger. JUST FYI.4) The fries are yummy.5) The ambiance is very 50's dinner-ish.  A great family environment.Oh yeah, and FREE TOPPINGS! I had the regular cheese burger with tomatoes, ketsup, mayo, pickels, grilled onions and grilled mushrooms. Wow! It is like the burger you would grill at home - tasty, juicey, yummy.Lucky for the "5 guys" I am already engaged or I would be chasing after them. Great burger place!
4	The place was packed with people probably because they are still new; however the line moved pretty quickly.  I was surprised to find out a regular burger was a double patty..Awesome.  I liked the environment.  I thought the place was a fun atmosphere and I like the idea of eating peanuts while I wait.  I was overloaded with way to many fries (not a bad thing).  I also like the FREE toppings.  I could get anything I want on it, and it doesn't cost me anything new.  I do think the prices are little high once you get a burger, fries and a drink you end up paying around $10-$12.  Overall pretty happy with the place.
2	Took the wife and daughter here for lunch on a Saturday after we heard all the hype about the burgers. The burgers are good, not great, but not bad either, lets say middle of the road. I really like the bacon, it was crispy, yet not burnt. I had the Cajun fries while my wife and daughter had the regular fries. Cajun fries had great flavor, but both styles are soggy and didn't really taste done. I agree with some of the other reviews on here, NO SHAKES????? How can this be, a burger joint with no shakes? The atmosphere in this place is terrible, the tables are so close together, your practically sitting arm and arm with people you don't know. The lighting is brutal, we felt like we were under interrogation lights!! I think when I have that craving for a burger and shake, I will go the extra distance and drive out to Cheeburger Cheeburger, being we have no great burger joints out in old Henderson.
3	The place is decent.  I still like Tommy's and In-n-Out better.  I saw a sign that said that they were voted "Best Value" somewhere.  2 Cheeseburgers, 2 sodas and a regular sized fry for $19.78.  I'm not exactly sure where that's a value, but anyhow.  It's a decent place that was busy, but I'm not sure that I'll be a regular here.
1	I gave them one star cause they have cherry coke thats it. The burgers are just ok but they are definitly riding on their hype and initial entry into Vegas for now. There was a bit of a line when we got there at 5 but it went quick like burger king. I would rather wait and take friends to In & Out or Smash Burger instead ever going back to Five Guys. Other locations at least attempt to make the food presentible and taste decent but this location is not even trying. Maybe it because they just opened and are still training but I will def wait a year or two to go back if they are still open to see if it improved any. Tables were dirty and people were having to clean them with napkins rather then waiting on one kid to wipe them down.
3	Well, it was a decent burger but its no In N Out and its a little on the pricey side compared to most other burger places. To me, its kind of like a good summer BBQ burger that you can customize pretty much any way you want. As mentioned in another review, there are bonus points for having Cherry Coke even though it was "out of order" when I was there... the peanuts are fun, but an odd combo with a burger and fries. I would have liked to see a milk shake on the menu as it would have been a better fit. All things considered I would go back and try it again. I think its one of those places where once you figure out how you want YOUR burger it can become habit forming... I just don't see it as something that stands out from the crowd.
3	lets start with the good....peanuts, good fries, good selection of teas, decent burgers and grilled mushrooms. things not as good, they are a little pricy for only a "decent" burger (looking at close to $10 pp for meal) with no table service and coke products. of course that isnt a negative if you like coke. they are really kind of like an expensive in-n-out with peanuts. i wouldn't avoid them if someone suggested them but i don't think they will be a a regular for me. think if i wanted to pay extra for serve yourself i would choose fudruckers or fatburger instead. would have given them two stars but think the peanuts earned them the third.
3	Not bad.. not like in and out...  good burgers, kinda pricey.. the fries werent that great either, but I do find myself craving another one of their burgers.
3	Kinda on the fence when it comes to 5 guys.Been to several back east; after two visits to our local spot i feel the burgers are not quite as good as what i've had in Delaware and Florida.The likes : great selection of toppings ( though on one visit they botched my order and forgot the onions - gotta have the onions ! ) ;  decent meat - good size, juicy but ( unlike smash burger ) - where's da salt ?!?! the peanuts ... kinda - what's the correlation of nuts and burgers ??  Service - brought the food timely.dislikes : fries , limpy, wimpy, limpy; price; Overall - it ain't bad but it's doubtful i'll hit this location anytime soon - i'll occasionally hit up the 5g when they open closer to mi casa
4	Yea...I've been waiting for 11 years for a take-out burger joint close to home and finally, it's here! Everything in Vegas/Henderson is either fast food chain crap or you have to go to one of those bar and grill places where you still get to inhale smoke (don't get me wrong, my dad smokes and I don't mind, but I don't want to be around it while I'm eating). I was looking for a place where I could just run in, order and take it home and eat it while it's still hot...this is it. The burger's are good. You can get the small, which is a perfect size for me and you can order any toppings you want...free of charge. The fries are good, but can be a little fresher. It's so crowded, so they make a lot to keep enough on hand so if they sit too long, they get a little too greasy and squishy. Don't forget your free peanuts if you're a fan of peanuts.Even though it's crowded and you can't get a table, getting through the line and out is fast, so don't let that scare you off...if you can get a parking spot that is. Oh, and the service has been very good every time I've been there...very friendly. Hope it stays that way.
4	I've been to Five Guys on the east coast before, so I knew what to expect. The burgers are good, no doubt. The fries are soggy. They have a really great selection of toppings. You can order online and then just walk in and pick up your food without waiting in line (it worked perfectly for me, although, according to some of these reviews, other people had issues with it). Prices are decent. I'll be back, but I'm not about to wait in a line out the door for this burger (or any burger, for that matter).
3	The first time I tried 5 Guys was when I was in Chicago. Like everyone, it's compared to West Coast's In-N-Out. In Chicago, I didn't like it much and now that it opened in Vegas, I gave it a 2nd try. I tried their complimentary peanuts and they're ok. I think the peanuts are too salty. I had a grilled cheese veggie sandwich, with grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, and now that I think about it I also ordered jalapeno peppers but didn't taste them at all. The burgers are messy, so try leaving the foil wrapped around it and as your eating, then slowly peel the foil, maybe that will help keeping it together. Cajun fries are toooo seasoned, I prefer In-N-Out fries. Overall, 5 Guys is great experience, speedy service, and friendly staff!
5	OMGosh, heaven!  5 Guys is officially my favorite burger joint now.  Forget In n Out!  Love the fries (regular, not cajun)....burgers are delish, flavorful and juicy.  My only complaint is that the price is definitely higher than your usual fast food burger, but well worth it in my opinion.
3	Oh at last I made the trek out to 5 Guys to try this place out. I brought my Mom with me as she is a burger connoisseur. Well, not really, she just likes burgers. We arrived at about 11:30 AM and the place was slammed. Lots of police officers (oh and by the way, when we left a fire truck pulled up and firefighters piled out to go inside. Damn, missed 'em!)So I was really expecting this place to knock my socks off and it didn't really. It reminds me of an Inn N Out, except the staff act like they're all on speed, yelling and there's just a lot of commotion going on behind the counter. I guess it was kind of interesting to watch them work, but the longer I sat there, the more I thought, "well this must get old quick."Anyway, the service was good even with all the commotion. My mother and I both ordered Cheeseburgers, okay here comes my big complaint: I did not know that ordering a Cheeseburger would mean I get TWO PATTIES. Why doesn't it say that on their menu? I was confused by the "Cheeseburger" and "Little Cheeseburger" on the menu. I just assumed the little cheeseburger was perhaps a bit smaller than the normal one. But no - my mother and I get surprised with double patties of meat. I like my meat just as much as anyone else, but I really do not like double burgers. Really wish I had known this.Okay, so minus the fact we were tricked into double burgers - the cheeseburger itself was juicy - plus! I decided to go all out and get mine "All The Way", lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, pickles, mayo, ketchup, and mustard. My mom went more conservative - lettuce, tomato, mustard, and pickles. I kinda wish I'd gone more conservative, but that's my own fault. The burger itself WAS GOOD. I will go out and say I liked it better than Smashburger. However, I think it was about on-par with Inn N Out.As for the fries, I am not a "natural cut" french fries fan. My favorite fries come from Inn N Out. So, I guess it's more of a personal preference. I'm not saying they were bad, but they are just not my cup of tea.I think I would go back here so I could try one of their hot dogs, but I'd skip the fries, AND I would definitely order the LITTLE Cheeseburger. So, with all the hype, this place only gets 3 stars from me. Perhaps I'm just more attuned to a West Coast style burger joint. I do know that 5 Guys originated on the East Coast. It makes me wonder if this location in Las Vegas is lacking what they may bring to the table out on the East Coast? Hmmm, something to ponder.
4	I don't particularly enjoy the french fries, cajun or "five guys" style, but thats trivial considering just how good the burgers are. I get the bacon burger with mushrooms and it's pretty hard to limit myself to only one every two weeks or so. Definitely at the top of my favorite burger joints.
2	MEDIOCRE - I went to Five Guys for lunch the other day because my friend was raving about how great it was; the last time that I had driven by the line was out the door, so I figure it had to be pretty good. I was wrong. The food wasn't terrible, but it certainly wasn't anything to write home about.I think that part of my problem was that I like my burgers pink in the middle and Five Guys cooks their burgers into burnt little hockey pucks...which might be your thing, but it is definitely not mine.
5	Bomb burger.  Trust me if you don't like Five Guys then hate your mom for making horrible burgers your whole life and ruining your pallet for a good burger.  The upside from In and Out is the choices to add to your burger but we still need In and Out for that spread and grilled onions.
2	Overpriced and not a lot of flavor.  The meat didn't even taste like it had salt on it.
2	I ordered a small hamburger with everything and the cajun fries. The food tasted like I made it at home and through on some condiments from the fridge. The cajun fries were greasy and had a fishy smell that when mixed with the smell of the oily paperbag made me queezy. After I ate it I headed back home and had an ice cream sandwich and just tried to forget I ever went out to eat.
4	Pretty good experience. Definitely filled me up.Me and a buddy went there yesterday, (Easter Sunday) after playing golf all day. Neither of us had much of a lunch and we tee'd off afternoon. We cruised in and checked out the menu, I like that you can add any or all toppings and the burger stays the same price, but for a guy like me who doesn't like all the BS that a lot of people put on a burger, it's all about the meet, bun and cheese for me, the rest is wasted stomach space. I ordered a Bacon cheeseburger with grilled onions and ketchup and he ordered a burger with everything on it and we both got regular fries. Service was fast, cashier was friendly and she handed us our cups. 4 or 5 minutes later after snacking on some peanuts I walked up to our bag o burgers and thought  "wow this bag is kinda heavy." So, I looked inside and all I could see was fries. WOW, that's a ton of potato!!!After we ripped up the bag so we could get to the fries, we each ate about 2 potatoes worth of fryness and finally could get to the burgers. Honestly, this kind of annoyed me personally. I'm more of a burger guy than a fry guy so I wanted to get my hands on that and couldn't because of all the fries. But, in their defense they were in fact  pretty good so it wasn't a big deal. Next time I might not even get fries, depends how empty my stomach is.I folded open the foil and thought WOW again. This thing is pretty big and awesome looking, hoping the flavor didn't disappoint because the site I was looking at was impressive. The thing was huge, 2 patties with bacon, cheese and onions just falling out of the sides. Greasy deliciousness staring back at me. I picked the thing up and took my first bite and it didn't disappoint, the crisp of bacon, thickness of the patty, the gooey cheese, and the crunchiness of the onion was a great blend for me. An excellent burger! We decided that it was one of the greasier burgers we'd ever seen and devoured, but was definitely delicious and well worth it as hungry as we were. I commented how I needed to go run a few miles after inhaling all of those calories and my buddy said "run a couple for me" HAHAAll-in-all a pretty good experience, food was above average, price was a little bit high but maybe they justify that because they give you about 2 pounds of fries for the regular size.
3	The first time I've heard of this place was in New York. It was my brother's first year of school, and we were talking about In N Out, and his roommate had no idea what we were talking about, so I asked him what their In N Out equivalent is, and he said Five Guys was their east coast burger joint.  Ever since then, I've been waiting to try the so-called best burgers in town!! I didn't have time to actually try it in New York, and I did not have the time to try it in CA either, so my friend and I went on a whim to the Las Vegas location!!We were excited due to long overdue curiosity. So when we finally get in, I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and small cajun fries. When I took my first bite, the first thing that came to mind was In N Out and how the burgers are wayyy better there. The burgers were good, but not great!! This place has just been overly hyped, I believe.
4	Damned fine burger here.  Loosely packed, juicy patties, soft, spongey bun to soak up stray juices and hold all of the goodies together.  I got it with the works which was fine, but next time i'll just go with the lettuce tomato onion.  The works includes sauteed mushrooms and onions and half a dozen other fixings, but they don't overdue it with the toppings so it gets just sloppy enough to handle. Fries were good.  Not crispy, big steak fries.It's a different animal than in n out.  Burgers are bigger, meatier, sloppier.  I'm not a big fan of in n out's limp, blonde fries.  5 guys fries, while not special, beat in n out.  The burgers are apples and oranges to me.  I like apples.  I also like oranges.
3	It certainly is a different burger than that of In N Out. But whether Five Guys provides a better burger for it's price range is debatable. I'm still trying to figure out what the gleaming reivews here are for. One bite and like some have critized, reminded me of a burger from Wendy's. The burger has some pretty good heft and comes with a variety of options that come for free tho.You get a pretty good portion of steak fries in a cup, I'd say enough for 2 in fact, but maybe managers should tell the high-schoolers to monitor their temps on the fryolator a wee bit better cause the huge deal breaker for me were the poor, limp, oily "Cajun" fries in a cup. Hell, maybe add a Sixth Guy. What good are the fries when they're soggy from the gate?I would've liked a shake or some type of beverage exclusive only to Five Guys to wash down my food down aside from the usual fountain drink suspects. So maybe they were having a bad day on a slightly packed Thursday evening. I'm willing to give them another shot, they certainly didn't do any wrong but didn't knock my socks off either.
4	When it comes to burgers, 5-guys hit's it on the nose. Sure they are more expensive then In-n-Out, but you get a whole lot more burger and toppings to! The menu is simple with just burgers, fries and drinks available, but all the more worthwhile when you add it all together. Glad to see they finally opened one up here in town. Granted, being that it is the only one, it stays pretty busy throughout the day and evening, so be prepared to wait a bit for your your burger.
3	Burger 3/5. It has a home made feel to it. Bun is soft. Meat patty is just alright. Not something I would crave for, but wouldn't oppose coming back. Cajon fries: 3/5. Nice n thick.  couldn't get over this weird after taste. Im thinking its the peanut oil they fry them in. Overall, no complaints. It's no in n out, but not bad.
3	It's...okay.  Split a burger with the husband, got the cajun fries, that were excessively salty, but tasty.  It was loud and packed inside when we went, but we sat at a table anyways once the rear that was sitting there got up.  I'm surprised my husband didn't tear down an old lady just to get a seat (it was litterally packed).  Lots of topping choices, the burger itself was just a burger.   About $15 for two drinks, fries and a burger.
2	Waiting to be impressed!FOOD: Hamburger was just OK. Honestly, it tastes like something you can make at home. Very bland flavor, plain bun. Fries taste good but not crispy. They were greasy and limp. Soda cups are small for price.PRICE: For a hamburger, fries and soda it's about $11.00. I can go to a buffet in town for that much.. They are really overpriced and offer no discounts, coupons or incentives to eat there.Service: The people working there were very pleasant. Restaurant was very noisy inside.For the $$, I suggest Red Robin, Chili's or Has House-A-Go-Go for better burger experience.
4	Four stars for the burgers and the multitude of topping options!  One of the best bacon cheese burgers I've had...added green peppers, mushrooms, lettuce, tomato and barbecue sauce.  mmmmmm.  Now lets talk about the fries--I recommend not ordering them.  Save room for the burger.  The flavor is only okay, and they are real greasy and soggy.  Oh, yeah for those of you who enjoy eating shelled peanuts, you can snack on those while you're waiting for your order number to be called.  Service is pretty quick though.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about the bacon cheese burger! :)
3	Okay I heard the fries were the best, but for me they fell short of delivery, taste and price wise($2.99 fo a regular). The cajon fries tasted like chili powder and cummin nothing like cajon stick to the plain fries.Don't waste your time ordering the normal double pattie burger ($5.99) go for the single and save the money. Yes it's a big burger, but but not worth the price, the bun can't hold up and falls apart long before your finished. The plus to this place is the multiple choice toppings for the burger with no added cost (it's already built into the price).  The bag everthing is a turn off made me feel like thanks for your money now go away. I spent $11.31 for my meal with small drink (yes I got the double pattie burger  I know better now) that is a good sit down price at any restaurant where you are waited on but not a fast food place. Will I visit again that's a maybe (I did like the toppings) however In-N-Out still has them beat in my mind.
4	So glad to hear a Five Guys was opening in Henderson. Peanuts, the boardwalk style fries, huge burgers with loads of toppings. Vegas/Henderson needed this place for those of us who get tired of In-N-Out.Only complaint is that, like all Five Guys I've been to, it's pricey. Cheeseburger, fries and a drink will cost you at least ten bucks. I suggest grabbing a water cup instead of a drink.
4	Two patties made by hand, slightly irregular size put on flat top grill until medium well done. Cheese placed between the two patties and then placed on the grilled bun, the rest of the burger is is to you! I like basic, bacon, mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickle, and onions. It took about 15 minutes to prepare, my husband and I split an order of fries, they're cut thick with skin on, dusted with Cajun seasoning, just out of the frier, very hot. We had two burgers, one large fries, one large drink and it was $20, a little steep for burgers! But I enjoyed it, can't say if $20bucks worth of enjoyment, but then, I got complimentary peanuts while I waited on the burgers. I'll put this on my list of burger joints, this place is ahead of some, but isn't my absolute fav!
2	I thought that 2pm on a Tuesday would be the time to go and try this place since it is normally jammed pack. The wait was non-existent, so I placed an order for a small cheeseburger with grilled onions, mushrooms, green peppers, and BBQ sauce. The burger alone was almost five dollars, so it is on the pricey side for fast food. If you want to add fries and a drink it can run pass ten dollars.The burgers are made to order, so we sat down and snacked on some peanuts while waiting. When my order came up, I was called up by a friendly attendant. Unwrapping it, there was a pool of grease already forming. All the ingredients had very little flavor and the only thing I was aware of was how much oil I was ingesting with every bite. I could see the BBQ sauce, but could not taste it.  Everything from the helpful employees to the good location makes me want to like this place, but there are other chains that produce a better product. If the meat had more flavor, less grease, it would be delicious, because it is juicy. The bun is soft, but just soaks up the wrong flavor. I normally complain about places over seasoning their food, but the grilled vegetables lacked essence.
3	It's ok for a burger place I'm not overly fond of eating out of a brown bag.it's way to loud and between the loud music and the yelling it makes for eating with someone difficult .The burger it's self was good but Smash Burger is by far a better burger and dining experience
5	Great burgers! The wait was longer than expected but when you're the new burger joint everyone wants a taste. You must go!!
4	I think I rated the Scottsdale, AZ location a 3.  This location didn't have as salty of fries, so I'm going up to 4 for this one.The line moves really fast, so don't worry if you see it 5-10 people deep.I would like the fries to be less crispy.  I'm quite tired of the crispy fries.  Crispy fries taste like grease.  The grease here is better than most, but I'd still rather my fries taste like potatoes.  They use real potatoes here, so why not have the fries taste like potatoes?The burger is hand packed with quality meat.Besides the fries, the reason this place is not 5 stars is the cost.  $12 for fries, burger, and drink is WAY too expensive.
2	I wanted to love this place. But I didn't. We have 5guys in Ohio, but I never went. I heard my friends rave about it, so when I passed one the other day I decided I had better give them a shot!I ordered a grilled cheese, a veggie burger, a little bacon burger, a burger with everything on it and cajun fries to share with my friend. We wanted to try everything so we could give it a good shot. The fries were SO gross I couldn't even eat them. They had way too much seasoning.The grilled cheese was interesting as it wasn't regular bread, it was a bun inside out. It was edible. The veggie burger was a WTF moment when i opened the casing. They dont have a veggie pattie. It is cheese and whatever veggies you picked while ordering. It basically looked like a mess when I opened it. The cheese was all over the wrapper. i couldnt believe they served something that looked like it had been  yesterdays meal. Gross.The little bacon burger did not have bacon. Odd. Maybe it is similar to the veggie burger without a patty, you need to pretend it has it on there while you eat it to get the full effect. The regular cheese burger was fine. Overall, If we had just gotten this I think four stars would be doable. It didnt have a ton of taste, but it was better than fast food. They dont have salads. What type of place offers NO healthy options. You think the veggie burger will be somewhat decent for you, but it is prob worse than a burger there. Service was good. The place was clean. I didnt die after eating there. They have good tea. Cost: 27 dollars for two people. I feel bad giving this place two stars, but it totally doesnt deserve 3. Go to in-out burger and save 10 bucks.
3	Not sure what the deal is.  I hear great things about this place from reliable sources but I was underwhelmed with my burger.  Don't get me wrong - it was a decent burger and the bacon was, I dare say, delicious.  But it's bacon.  Think the issue with Five Guys is twofold:1) They seriously need to put SALT on the patties.  Yeah whoever the five guys are....season your food.  Like In-n-Out does.  In-n-Out even has a sign you can see from drive thrus reminding their cooks to season the patty correctly.  Clearly no such reminder at Five Guys.  I've eaten at two locations in two states and this is a trend.  A bad one.2) I'm all for picking your own toppings - I guess.  But how's about a burger you can just order off the menu?  Because, honestly, the first time I go to a place I usually ask for the most popular or recommended item.  Makes sense right?  You go in there and what do you do?  Order the burger with everything?  Just what you like?  Is this really a decision you can take time to make with 20 people behind you in line and you not wanting to be like the idiot in front of you who, LITERALLY, took 3 minutes 26 seconds to order his burger with 20 people behind him.  I timed it cause my uncanny douche bag spider sense tingled and knew it would happen.  Fries were ok.  Next time I'll try the cajun ones.  They need to use smaller fries and hotter oil because it isn't crispy like McDonalds fries. Or double fry them because the fries do not have a crispy exterior.  WTF is with that.Also, not necessary to carbo load so many fries in one order.  I'd rather pay less for less fries and not have to dig through fries to get to my custom ordered hamburger.  But that's a minor complaint.But have to say it's way better than Fatburger, BK (obviously), McDonalds (obviously) and a whole host of those little hamburger joints that also serve breakfast.  It's also more expensive than these other places and not sure it's worth it.  Oh yeah...their buns are the definition of mediocre.  Seriously, they should rename it Four Guys and send the fifth guy to learn how to make or buy decent bread.  It's awful for a $6 hamburger.  In-n-Out, on the other hand has epic hamburger buns.
3	Good Burger but would recommend getting it to go. To freakin noisy in there mainly the staff.
4	Fries were quite better the last time I went.  I'm not overwhelmed by this place (though I am overwhelmed by the price) so I'll keep it at 4 stars.Please see my other review for more information.
2	I don't get the hype for the burger. I had the reg . Bacon cheeseburger, it comes with two patties. The burger's are relatively expensive. The toppings are "free" , I think you pay for the topping's weather you get um or not. I got mine with lettuce , tomato , grilled onions , mayo , pickles , unfortunately they do not have thousand island dressing . The Cajun fries were very good. They also have "free" peanuts. Service was friendly. I will give it another try , though just in case I missed something.
2	So . . . this place certainly has a lot of buzz and I was relatively excited to check it out. Unfortunately, I was pretty disappointed. I had to laugh upon walking in - they offer peanuts while waiting in what was a prodigious line - we arrived at 1230 on a thursday - and they had a sign warning patrons not to leave with the peanuts due to allergy concerns. This was a deviously clever sign despite the obvious failure in logic because I spent the 10 minutes in line trying to figure out how that didn't apply to people IN the restaurant. It went by pretty quickly.I ordered the cheeseburger with "everything." Plus jalapenos. Paired it with the cajun fries. It was aggressively mediocre. The fries were lukewarm and soggy, and the "cajun" was evidently just a healthy dousing of lawry's seasoning salt. At least that was how it tasted to me. They also couldn't seem to conquer the common burger problem of the soggy lower bun. Mine was like a wet sponge. The flavor was decent, though. The biggest problem I had was the crowd and the noise. We had to wait to find a seat, and then got the ass and the cock bump numerous times from other patrons snaking through the tables to get their food or refill their drinks. Every thirty seconds some poor soul would scream an order number out at the top of their lungs, causing another rush to the counter. I won't go back. I like In-n-Out.
4	Five Guys is better than In-N-Out.  There, I said it.  Now, before I'm stoned by In-N-Out's rabid following, hear me out.Five Guys makes a great burger (and cheeseburger, so I hear).  It's also a killer deal:  toppings, including grilled onions, sauteed mushrooms, ketchup, mustard, lettuce, pickles, jalapenos, bbq sauce, etc, are all free.  Yes, free.  It's almost unbelievable as most burger places in town charge for anything other than your basic tomato, lettuce, and onion.  Here, you can load up or go minimalist.  It's your choice.Also, the burgers are massive.  Each sesame seed bun (advisory to those with tree nut allergies) is packed with giant, juicy beef patties.  I bit into my hamburger and literally said "holy s*&t, this is delicious."   Everything tasted fresh and every ingredient was in proportion.  It really was hypeworthy. Please note, however, that a regular burger is enormous. So, if you're not in the mood to overeat to the point where you want to die (like I did), try the little hamburger that's also offered on the menu.Now, the fries.  We ordered a regular-sized order of Cajun fries and they were...disappointing.  The thickness of the cut made them taste like three-hour-old steak fries.  They lacked crispiness and weren't hot, the essentials of a good fry.  So, In-N-Out wins that round.Overall, I'd go back to Five Guys in a second.  Next time, however, I'd opt for the free peanuts (although, who knows what type of germs are in those peanut bins...I saw at least 6 5-year-olds put their hands in) over the fries.
2	Very dissappointed after all the 2nd hand hype..... The Burgers and fries LOOK great when served....but are very bland....The peanuts taste better than the burger. In the end I put this chain in somewhere between In N out and a Wendy's...with In N Out getting the edge. Definetly not worth the wait you see at lunch time...Better off going to red robins or grabbing a 5 dollar burger at Carls Jr. Soooo much grease/oil....soooo little taste!
1	I don't eat burgers that often but when I crave one I want a good one. I'd been hearing some buzz about this place and was in the neighborhood so I figured might as well give it a try. Walking in, they certainly set you up to expect it to be fantastic. Rave reviews from cities across the country are posted and they seem to be having fun behind the counter. Very friendly and quick service. The food, however, was mediocre at best. To me, more does not equate to "better" or even "good."  Two over-cooked and dry burger patties of thin-to-medium thickness served so messy you need to eat the concoction with a fork (the soggy bottom bun made it impossible to pick up. Why it was so soggy when the burger was so dry I don't know). It was relatively flavorless and saved only by the grilled onions that are part of the "all the way" version.  The fries are overly greasy and soggy--not sure if they just don't let them cook long enough or what, but limp fries are not remotely enjoyable to me. Luckily the serving size is so huge you can share your calorie-laden limpness with a few friends if you so desire. (The fact that they put a couple dozen napkins in the bag to help soak up the grease should have prepared me before I even delved in.)I can see why people who enjoy fast food might find this appealing; the topping choices alone make it better than your typical fast food joint. However, if you're looking for something more flavorful or an all-around better burger & experience, I'd say go to Fuddruckers or Create.
3	Twice the price and half the flavor of In-N-Out!  Just ordinary burgers and a very crammed dining room. The free peanuts are a nice touch.
3	Its a decent burger joint. Their offerings were very predictable and common. I mean nothing really spectacular or significant as far as food preparation, but they do offer a variety of different sauces and toppings. They also offer hot dogs too. I love their fries if you're into the cajun with slight sweetness taste to it. They suggest to mix malt vinegar and ketchup as a dipping sauce. I've tried it, and I fid it tasteful. So if your adventurous in trying new things I'd suggest to try that though the combination of cajun fries, malt vinegar, and ketchup can have a VERY STRONG taste. Cool thing also is you can eat peanuts that you pick from the barrel while waiting in line! The food is good, and safe. If you're not into being adventurous. I'd suggested for a mediocre place to go if you are looking for a quick bite without the McDonalds quality and vibe.
4	I've been meaning to write this review for a while now.  This place just opened up a few months ago.  My work is close by and some of my coworkers who are from the east coast were buzzing about the grand opening.  I had never heard of it being from the west coast.  I decided to check it out because I am a big hamburger fan.  I went the second day it was open after work to get dinner and it was insane! the restaurant was crazy packed.  I ordered a cheeseburger and the topping were free, so I got grilled mushrooms and vegtables with the burger.  I think this burger was amazing! I ended up here twice in one week when it opened.  Since then I have gone several times.  It's not like In-N-Out or Fatburger.  They even have fresh french fries with real potatoes.  The fries don't taste funny like the In-N-Out fries.  They give you a lot of fries when you order the regular, so you can share with someone.  I think the walls are funny because they have all the awards in the east coast.  I don't care if they won anything over there, how 'bout they win some stuff over here.  If you haven't tried this burger joint yet, you really need to! it's really good!! Cheers!
3	Since they opened in Vegas, I've been wanting to see what all the hype was about, I've been hearing about it across the country; how its the best burger.Since it was my first experience I like to go with a plain cheeseburger, if it can stand alone without a bunch of toppings, that will bump you up on my "best" list.What I initially didn't like was the greasy smell in the restaurant, when we left I smelled like I just got done a shift there. YUCK!Well the burger was good, lots of hot gooey cheese, the bun was soft and fresh. Tasted a little bland, so I doubt they season their meat, so it tasted like a burger you may get at a family barbecue or an amusement park. I'd eat it again, but I would choose Smashburger over 5 Guys any day. We got the plain fries, which were pretty gross, they were brown and greasy not crisp at all, we ate maybe 10 fries and threw the rest away.I liked that they had a bucket of peanut to snack on while waiting for your burger. Staff was nice and helpful, andswered all my "firsttimer" questions.
2	Ok, amidst all the hype, we finally got over to this place to try it out. It was very anti-climactic. The burger itself has no taste, it relies on the free toppings to carry the flavor. The fries are fresh cut and plentiful, but pretty heavy on the grease factor. You need a mouth like Guy Fieri's to be able to eat a regular burger which is 2 patties, I had the "little cheeseburger" - one patty. I'm sorry to say this but if you like flavor, I'd recommend Steak & Shake.Also, the music is really loud so if you plan on conversation during lunch, this may not be the place for you.
1	A friend and I walked into this FGB&F hoping that it was like the other FGB&F restaurants we have visited in other states. It was not. The music was so BLARING SO LOUD that we literally had to shout to talk to the lady at the counter. I am not talking about raising our voices; I am talking about shouting. The music was at rock concert volume. After a brief exchange with the lady at the counter, we walked out. There was no point in staying since we couldn't have even heard each other.I'm getting older but I'm not an old fogey. I enjoy loud music...but at the right times and in the right places. Playing music so loud that you have to shout to order (and the staff have to shout at each other to communicate) is out of place in a restaurant.
3	With all these specialty burger joints poping up, Five Guy's Burgers just can't compete. I mean, the burgers are just old-fashioned burgers with a patty and ur condiments etc topped with mayonnaise/ketchup. There's really nothing special in my eyes. Yes it is a delicious plain burger but it's nothing to rave about. And the cajun fries were really greasy and tasted salty.. not so much 'cajun.' I would rather go to IN-N-OUT.......
4	Finally, a Five Guys near my house in Henderson. What can I say, consistent burgers. Today, I had it pretty simple... cheeseburger w/mayo, ketchup, mustard, grilled onions and musrooms.... yummy.
2	Fervent believers in the Five Guys, prepare to hear some heresy.  This place, to which I had been led to believe was the Be All, End All of Hamburglery, is in the end a victim of perhaps its own hype machine and generally the fact that it's the same bowling alley/greasy spoon diner burger I've had over the years.  It's really, really pricey too.  $12 for a combo can be explained for when you get a burger the size of a lesser Japanese island and a over-filled cup of fries, the portions are beyond adequate for two people on that.  The toppings are nice, but tend to get everywhere by bite 3.  Places like Create have the same quality meat but far better (less crowded/expensive) atmosphere.  I think I'll stick to them rather than getting cross-town for less of a good thing.
3	Again another place people rant and rave about. I won't disagree with ya'll but eh it could have been better.To me, it's a fancier In & Out. Yes I thought the burger was quite tasty but good lord the price! I appreciate the fact that yes you can make the burger however you want without being charged for extra toppings. Great idea! But why add toppings when the burger can't even stay together? You end up using a fork to eat your burger. However, nothing like a juicy double patty with cheese in your mouth beats any other of the fast food joints. The cajun fries are awesome but a bit soggy, some were overseasoned and talk about cup overload. I know we live in an obese society but does someone really eat that much fries? We shared a large and still couldn't finish them.  Now the biggest marketing ploy for 5 Guys are their bins of free peanuts while you wait. If allergic to peanuts, this probably isn't the place for you. It is better than Fuddruckers but a for 2 burgers, lrg fry and drink, why would I pay $25? So the search continues for the best burger in the valley...would it be wrong to say that Kilroy's really does have good burgers? haha
4	Five guys is better than in & out that's is all flavor in fries and burgers as well as topping selection and food for your buck
3	I agree with the majority of the Yelp reviews... I would give this place a solid 3 stars. With all of the burger joints to choose from in Las Vegas, I thought Five Guys was good but nothing to rave about.I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger with two patties and my husband and I shared regular Cajun fries.  The great thing about this place is that toppings are free even grilled onions and mushrooms. We originally ordered the large fries but the cashier was nice enough to tell us that the large is meant for 3-4 people. Our number was called right away even though the place was packed. Service was efficient and the tables were cleared as soon as people left. The Bacon Cheeseburger was enormous! I actually ate half for lunch and half for dinner and was quite full. The cashier was right about advising us to order the regular size fries. The fries were tasty. My burger was really good as well but not spectacular. I didn't like the loudness of the place. All of the workers yelled out the orders and it was just distracting. I felt the need to eat in a rush because it was just too loud inside with the yelling and loud music.I would definitely go here again but only if I'm in the area. I can't help but compare this place to In-n-Out and I would still choose In-n-Out over it.
5	I have been waiting years for five guys to come out west. Burgers full of flavor, non processed, hand pressed burgers make my tastebuds crave their tasty goodness endlessly.
4	Burgers are better than In-N-Out and awesome, but fries suck.  Great for burgers to take out, but don't bother to eat there with the crappy fries.  There is nothing else on the menu and the kids ate $3 hot dogs.  Husband thinks the burgers are the best in town, so take out it is!
4	Very good burger, fulfilling.  Was very impressed by the line before opening!
4	Very good burger with everything (except mushrooms).  Yes, it falls apart, but it's delicious.  Fries not so good.  A slight charcoal flavor to the burger turns this into 4 stars instead of 3.  Would like to do 3 1/2.
3	Good simple burgers. Made to order. No temps, enough fries on one order for two. And the fries are a bit soggy.
3	I tried Five Guys for the first time on a trip out to visit friends in NV. We only recently got them near us in Los Angeles.Enjoyed the burgers. They reminded me of homemade burgers done on the grill. But they didn't blow me away. I'm still a believer in the In-N-Out burger, and still stand by it when I say INO has some of the BEST burgers when it comes to fast few. But Five Guys is definitely up there!!I'm not sure the burgers are worth the price however. Reminds me of Fatburger. A big price tag for fast food.
3	I like this place a lot better than In-N-Out which seems to be the popular litmus test of burger joints. The thing is that I don't really care for In-N-Out.Five guys makes pretty much the same burger that you could make at home if you were not a lazy person.When this place opened two coworkers had an epic two hour argument about In-N-Out vs. 5-guys. It was crazy.I don't understand the hype. I am convinced that it is because it has been so long since most people have had a real fresh handmade burger. Most of the time when you go to someones pool-party/bbq they pull out the frozen burger patties. We are so used to frozen processed food that when some place gives us decent fresh food we go nuts.Also don't go here if you are allergic to peanuts.
4	I've been brought here more and more....and I'm starting to change my opinion!This is a great burger spot... get in.. sit down... and get out... (kinda like in-n-out without the wait;])I love how home-style this burger is, I feel like I went to a family barbecue and got a delicious decent sized burger... with melty cheese and absolutely no skimping out on ingredients here!I love how the burger falls apart and gets all over my face.... driving me to use 10 napkins per one burger.Maybe I'm just a sloppy eater, but the juices from the meat, tomato, pickles, and juice/grease from the cheese will keep me coming back!
3	So I walk in and... whoa. Owww. My ears!Way, way too loud. So much so that even the yelling of order numbers is hard to hear. When standing at the counter. Wearing a hearing aid. Right next to the guy yelling.As a friend once said in a review - the volume button is usually a big frackin' knob labeled as such... turn it counter-clockwise... please?---OK, I am here to eat. Summary? It's fast and it's food. Get where I am going with this?I paid almost $9 for a bacon and cheese hot dog (no bun) and a small order of cajun fries. To drink, I opted for a cup for water (free). On the plus side, the fries are sized to feed 2-3 people, easily. And, for the dog, you can throw on all kinds of toppings for free. So, I do see some value in there.The hot dog was tasty if slightly overcooked. I opted for the barbeque sauce, jalapenos, onions, a little mustard and a little relish. Whether you agree with my no-one-is-kissing-me-tonight combo or not, I have to give credit where it's due: the toppings were fresh, tasted good, and the vegetable ones were nowhere near canned or otherwise boxed - at least I couldn't tell if they were.My issue is the presentation (common issue for a protein-style person like me). Every order is packaged to go, whether you ask for it or not. In this case, it was a hot dog sprinkled with some cheese, toss on a couple slices of crispy (also slightly overdone) bacon, the jalapenos and onions I added, and wrap it in aluminum foil. The sauces and relish (i.e. the wet ingredients) were provided in little plastic cups so as not to create a mess. Great idea there. However... no paper boat, no lettuce wrap option, no way to pick it up. I had to get some of the plastic cutlery and cut it into pieces.Um... again I point out that it was wrapped in tin foil. A hard breeze can rip that stuff... It's no match for a dressed hot dog that needs to be chopped up by a serrated plastic knife.Knife - 1 Tin foil - 0 Cue the napkins.Hot dog #fail.Moving on. I don't eat fries, but a friend who knows my affinity for spice and bold flavors said I had to try the cajun fries. I had three or four and actually found them to be really tasty, well cooked, and just the right amount of spicy. There was one or two pieces that seemed to be a bit much, but overall they were great. Bonus points, very well done.The packaging was disappointing, the place was too loud to hear yourself think, there should be a trash bin near the drink station.It's not bad, but it's not worth the hype. It's a solid A-OK, 3 star, burger stand. It's decent food fast (paraphrasing someone's motto, I know, but it's applicable)... and that's about it.Bonus "yay" for the free peanuts? *shrug*
3	I only gave this 3 stars because while I absolutely LOVE the food, the music is so loud you can hardly talk.  The food is the same as all the other Five Guys...very good, great add-ons, limited selection (but that must be why it's so good, they can concentrate on making what they serve excellent).  However, someone needs to tell management and staff that the music level needs to be turned down a few notches.  If I want to go to a disco or bar and have music throbbing then I will, but there is simply no excuse for the level here.Sorry :(
4	I really enjoyed the burgers here!  Wide variety of toppings, fresh hamburger buns, and thick cut fries (the ones with the skins still on them! YUM).   The burgers are huge- if you want only 1 patty be sure to order the little burgers- the other traditional burgers come with 2 patties- holy meat.   Sadly they do not have ranch dressing- this is an essential part of my fry-eating ritual, and they do not have onion rings as a potential hamburger topping.    They have free peanuts in a huge box when you walk in line to order your food- which is great if you like peanuts- but all of you nut allergy people beware- this is an allergic episode waiting to happen!
4	The burger, good.. The line, way long.  The fries.... OMG, way too much!  The fries probably had 2x the calories of the burger!  On top of that unlimited peanuts.  It's crazy!  But I ate it all.  Gobble gobble down the pipe.
3	It's a good burger but not great.  There are much better spots for a burger in Vegas.  Try Smashburger, KGB Burger, In-N-Out.  I could have been swayed to give a fourth star but the price is so high, a littler under $5 for a single burger, that it's not justified.  I'd go back if friends were going but Five Guys wouldn't be my choice.
4	Fuck yeah!! my new favorite burgrrr joint! You can request all sorts of shit on this burgrrr!! The whole kitchen sink if you want!! More than the burger are the badasssss cajun fries.. Like a big orgasm in your mouth with a little spicy kick.   Ok.. just a little bit of a downside.. Higher quality meat means a little dry for my taste buds!  Hell yeah I'm going to go back for more!
4	The best veggie burger around! Thpugh no kids menu and hate having to bring my own snacks for my kid to eat... We are not here often as it is quite pricey and no "meals" per se...
5	Can't believe it, but I'm now a total convert after only one burger.  During our staycation last week, we swung by to see if this could dethrone In-n-Out...and it did, at least for us.Cheeseburgers:  mine with mustard, ketchup, pickles, raw onions and fresh jalapenos... his with the kitchen sink... and basic fries.  Lordy, that's a lot of fries.  Wish they'd soaked them though so they'd be a little crispier.Loved that they have fresh brewed iced tea.  Service at the counter was friendly, pleasant, helpful, smiling.  Price was fine.  No line when we got there, but it appears they've worked out the kinks, because guests were humming through it, and we got our burgers pretty soon after we ordered...The peanuts were delicious.
4	Delicious burger and fries..love the vinegar on fries..Cook my burger med rare and you get 5 stars!
4	My first experience with Five Guys was in Oregon and I have been a fan since!  Moving to Vegas and learning a nearby restaurant, I had to check it out!  It still does not disappoint! =)  Size of the burger is more than enough, I usually get the bacon cheese burger with grilled onions and mushroom, ketchup, mustard, lettuce and tomatoes!  If you're going to eat a burger, might as well go all out and load up the carbs and calories right? ;-) If you're looking for a good burger at a cheap price, this is not the place to go, check out In N Out, cheap and still delicious!  Five Guys was a bit pricey and I was shocked on how much a meal cost!  It was worth it! The Cajun fries they serve here is amazing!  One of the downsides from my experience at the Vegas branch was that they forgot my bacon....I went and asked for it and they gave it to me.  So that was awesome!
5	From NY to NV you just can't do better than Five Guys Burger and Fries! I've never had a better burger unless I'm making it myself at home... and even then theirs is sometimes better! Fries are cut fresh in house and fried perfectly! I have nothing bad to say about this place... Awesome!!!!
3	Everyone was right - five guys is good, but really expensive for what it is...fast food. It was little over $20 for 2 bacon cheeseburgers, 2 drinks and 1 large fries. I like that you customize your burger and service was pretty fast. I got mine w mushrooms, lettuce and tomato. The fresh mushrooms were a nice surprise and they were generous w the extras. Love the crispy strips of real bacon. Bun was ok, burger was a little dry but ok, I liked the fries. It was good, but I'd rather go to red robin or anywhere else for a better quality burger w fries for $10. In and out is similar quality but w better buns and lower prices. And milk shakes!Oh and they had 80's music blasting way too loud. Not cool 80's more like Genesis/Phil Collins. *barf*
4	I love the food here, is it better than In n Out?  Not so sure.  The burgers are definitely fresh and delish.  I got a regular burger and fries and holy moly was it alot of food!  I think the little burger would have been fine and I could have easily split one order of fries with my two boys.  They fill up the cup of fries, which is a good size and then dump more into the bag!  I took off one half of a star because of the price, I thought it was pretty pricey for fast food.  I also took off one quarter of a star for the loudness, I couldn't even hear myself think in there because the music was so loud.  They lose another quarter of a star because they do not offer kids meals.  Now that I know portion size though, I can order more appropriately because we had a bunch of food leftover on our first visit here.  All of the employees are super nice and quick so all around I really like this place and would return.
5	Double Cheeseburger with Cajun Fries is something I crave weekly.  I can't get enough of this place.  All the toppings you want and an extra scoop of cajun fries thrown on top!  It's absolutely worth the price!!!
4	If you looking for a good burger but don't mind spending an extra buck or two this is a great place.
4	My first trip to Five Guys. The register lady was quick to realize it was our first visit and offered to explain the menu. Ordered a bacon cheeseburger with some of the fixings. Asked how spicy the Cajun fries were she offered to give us the seasoning on the side.  Burger was delicious however lacked the BBQ sauce I ordered on it. The fries are actually made from real potatoes and the seasoning was superb. I'll definitely be back hopefully they get my order completely right next time!
4	In  & Out by any other name is just as good.....but I like the fries a little better.
4	This was our first time at Five Guys Burger. My friend from Nebraska keeps telling me I need to try it as I am in love with In-N-Out and Smashburger. Finally got my chance!I ordered a Little Cheeseburger with grilled onions and mushrooms and my husband ordered a Cheeseburger with everything on it. Also ordered a regular fries and a large green tea to share. We dug in and the burgers were pretty good! Only junk thing is that it fell apart and it was a tad bit messy. I also realized that my "Little Cheeseburger" was not so little and my husband didn't realize his regular has two patties. The burgers do cost a little more but you do get a lot more food for the price. Even the fries were huge enough to share.It was a pretty good burger place. They also had free peanuts when we walked in. Next time I will opt for more toppings.
4	Pretty sure this place would be a 4-5 star review but suprised to see 3.5 stars as of 11.7.11.The burgers are super tasty and you can put unlimited toppings including grilled onions, mushrooms, peppers, and the usual fixings.Maybe it's because the burger gets really messy but I don't mind that.  I like to put A1 sauce on mine.If you're going in a group I would order a regular fries to share for 2-3 people.  No joke - they fill up a big cup and the bag with fries.  Do not make the mistake of ordering 1 order of fries per person.Everyone talks about the free penuts - it's a nifty addition.Seriously, overall the value and quality of the burgers are good.  I am a huge fan and frequent here since it's close to my work.
3	Hmm, I don't know what I was expecting. I was in the area and while browsing around my bookmarks remembered I was interested in trying Five Guys. I ordered the small hamburger with jalapenos, hot sauce, grilled mushrooms and onions. I'm one of those weird people who doesn't usually like cheese on my burgers. The meat was fresh and tasty, but nothing that blew me away. I like the fact that all the toppings are included. The only problem is that when given so many options, I'm often at a loss of what to order. Indecisiveness gets me every time.The food was a bit pricy as well. For just a small burger and drink I paid just over $6. I probably won't become a regular here, but if you're in the mood for a tasty burger, stop on by.
1	My first and last time there. Ordered my burger and fries and sat down. By the time I got the aluminum off the bread had got soggy and tasted pretty plain. Just ate the meat, The fries were good though.
5	OMG... YuM yUm Yuuuuummm!!!! If you're looking for an amazing burger to satisify your every craving... then THIS IS IT!!For what you get, the price is perfect.. Burger was juicy & fell apart as I ate it. But I think that's what a good burger is all about..lol. The grilled toppings they offered were all grilled to perfection as well!Fries were good & a serving for 2-3.My only complaint was the high tec Coke machine.. don't get me wrong it was pretty awesome but not logical for such a busy, small, fast paced place. It slowed things down tremendously..lol. But how could it not when their were over a 100 options to chose from..lol. They were touch screen operated even :)The Coke machines slowed dwn evrything so much that they were calling my order number before I got my drinks!!  Oh well.. the experience was awesome.. ohhhh and the peanuts they give you when you walk in..  I've lived here over a year and can't believe this is what I've been missing..
4	service was fast for how busy it was & the food was great!!
4	Five Guys is a great backyard burger.  I would compare it to something my family would bbq up during the summer months.  The down side is that it always seems to fall apart and the hamburger patty and bun NEVER seem to finish together.  The last few bites are usually the bun with toppings.The Cajun fries are yummy.  A regular size feeds 3-4 people easily.The soda machine is really cool.  If anything, stop in just for that.
4	I have tried Five Guys twice now. I have to say, the first time, I was not impressed.  I do not eat meat, so the only choice I thought I had was a veggie sandwich.  I loaded up on all of the veggies, and the sandwich would not stay on the bun, and was super messy.  The second time I went recently, however, was a whole different story.  I ordered a cheese sandwich this time, and only put select veggies on it. It was one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I have ever had!  The ingredients stayed on the bread, and they were fresh and exactly what I ordered.  My daughter got a basic one patty cheese burger with ketchup only, and said it was the best burger she has ever had.The fries were great as always.  Now that I see others posting about putting vinegar on the fries, I will definitely have to try it.  I was also impressed with the soda machine.  At first it was scary, because it is one of those electronic touch screens.  I have never used one of those.  Once I figured it out, there were like 150 different choices!  I could get any Fanta flavor I wanted!  My boyfriend got his norm, and my daughter thought it was the coolest thing ever, and kept changing her drink.All in all, this place is cool.  The food is good, there are tons of drink choices, you get free peanuts, and it's a fast paced, fun atmosphere.  It is really loud, so if you are looking to quiet place, this is not it.
1	Drove past this place a thousand times and finally we tried it.  Definitely NOTimpressed.  Ordered 1 bacon cheese burger with tomato, lettuce and onion.It comes with a lot  of thousand island dressing.  So the bun was soggy,my sweetie ordered a bacon cheese burger dry.  Catsup on the side andone order of fries. $16 bucks.   I will take IN  and Out anyday.   In and Out  has smaller portions but  I  don't know why but maybe it is because In and Outowns the bun and meat concessions and has a higher standard, no matterwhere you go for In  and Out its always good.  But eat it  quick because like allfast food its shelf life is very very short.  Be warned!
4	this was my first time having Five Guys, and i have to say, it was pretty good.  i still think i like in-n-out more overall, but this is a very good burger.the good:- tons of toppings you can choose from, and some of the stuff is stuff that isn't offered at most places like green bell pepper which i thought was pretty cool.  - the burger was cooked very well and was still very juicy- the staff was very nice and helpful- the cajun fries are really good (fries were much better than in-n-out fries)- huge options for sodas and a really cool soda dispensing machinethe things i didnt' like (not that it was bad, just didn't please me):- the grilled onions were not very grilled- the menu is a little odd because they don't say a regular burger is 2 patties, they just say burger so it is a little misleading- jalapenos were not very spicyoverall, if there is one near by, i would definitely stop again as i enjoyed it, but i don't think i would go out of my way to stop by
4	These are some damn good burgers... And the bacon is just right. Why not five stars Matt? Lemme tell you.. It's a burger joint and: No chili?!No shakes?!No onion rings?!These are recipes for ultimate burgers!! It's also a little overpriced. They just added the 1000 flavor coke machine which is awesome!!!  If you want something besides a hamburger or hot dog then this isn't the joint for you..
4	I love this place!!!  There's the whole Five Guys v. In-N-Out argument, and which one is better, etc.  But the truth is, that's like comparing apples to oranges (whether you like apples over oranges, or vice versa, is a different story).  To me, it tastes a little more like burgers you get fresh off the grill in your backyard (of course, that could be because they wrap the burgers in foil).  It is more expensive than In-N-Out, but when I order a small hamburger (one patty), fries and drink, it comes out to about $10.  That's the same as a burger at Applebee's or Red Robin, and believe me, this burger is MUCH better.  I also like that they offer a ton of toppings for "free," i.e., they don't charge extra.  This allows me to get a burger with grilled onions, mushrooms and bell peppers (ohhhhh yeah, what's your name, who's your daddy).The regular size fries come in a pretty decent sized cup, which is sharable with *at least* one other person.  (Depending on how much of a fry monster you are.)  Personally, I like the regular seasoned fries, as opposed to the cajun seasoned fries.  Also, as other peeps have mentioned, the soda machines are touch screen that give you lots of soda options.  For example, for Diet Coke - there's Diet Coke Lime, Diet Coke Cherry, Diet Coke Cherry Vanilla, Diet Coke Orange, etc.  And that's just for Diet Coke.  It's like that for each type of soda, e.g., Fanta, Coke Sprite, etc.  It's awesome! As a FYI, this particular location appears to have the A/C on overdrive ALL the time.  It makes it a little uncomfortable to eat there sometimes.  I've been to Five Guys at the Las Vegas outlets and on Flamingo at the 215, and neither seem to have the same issue.  Overall, I can't compare Five Guys to In-N-Out because for me, they're just different.  In my world (and with the help of an elastic waistband), I can make room for both.
4	this place has good burgers and good prices.  i like the fact that the extras on your burger doesn't cost more.  the fries are fresh as well as the patties.  good burger joint for the whole family.
4	Great burger!! It was my first time here and was Impressed, just a couple things I didn't like though, the mushrooms for my burger could have been cooked more, and the grilled onions were AWOL even though I ordered them for my burger, as a first timer , I wish I would have known the burger was as big as it was, two patties!! ( it was great , but I don't like showing up to work bloated, lol) also even tho their open concept kitchen is great to show you their freshness, you leave smelling like burger and fry grease, really!!! I ate there due to a drs appt nearby, and the nurse , guessed where I ate before I mentioned anything, !! She said to avoid it she just gets it to go!! But all in all great burger and awesome fries( small order feeds 2 ) just don't wear nice clothes or anything u need to dry clean, cuz really the smell stays with you!! ( had to shower again , before I went to work!!)
4	This is one of my new favorite spots! Fries need to be cooked more crispy. I really like the new soda fountain- coke! My brother introduced me to this chain on the east coast.
4	I've been on a healthy eating kick lately so I haven't had many delicious burgers.  After a rough day at work, my wife and I decided we needed some greasy food and this sounded just right!  I had been to a Five Guys in NYC last year but didn't really remember it.  I have to say, this was a great burger.  I had burger with cheese, bacon, grilled onions, and pickles.  It really hit the spot and satisfied my burger craving.  The Cajun fries were good as well.  These burgers are pretty big but it was so good I wish I had two.  Well, I had one and a half because my wife couldn't finish hers.  I love how they dump extra fries in the bag.  I really don't eat fries that much anymore but if you're going to eat them, you might as well go big!I worked out extra hard the next day and it was like it never happened.  But the taste remained and I can't wait to go back!
3	Overrated!  I'm not quite sure what all the hype is about.  I've been here a few times and I still don't get it.  Don't get me wrong.  The burgers are good.  They're fresh and cooked to order.  The fries are okay.  The only thing that stand out about the fries is they give you enough in one order to feed four people.Overall this place is fine, but I won't go out of my way to go there.  If you're near by stop in and try it.  If you're not, you can find something as good or better near you.
4	So glad there is a location now in my area. I have loved 5 Guys since I was first introduced to them on the East Coast.  4 starts because they are pricey for burger and fries but will be returning
5	Awesome! Five guys....Mmmmmm! That's all I got to say...love the fries..talk about canon style.
3	Good burger and friendly staff, but too loud for my tastes.  I actually appreciated that I did not order fries, but the girl working at the counter insist I have a few to give them a try.  (I'm not a French Fry eater, so I guess they were good?)  I had no complaints and would certainly try other menu items in the future, but I don't know that I would make a special trip across town for it.  All told the food is good and the place is loud.
4	The kids like this place due to the beverage machine and the burgers.  It is a easy dicision for dinner when we want burger and dont feel like driving to the strip....Burger are good size ingredients are fresh.  The fries are enough for 4 people so only order one.
2	Boring, greasy, and blah overpriced hamburgers served in a hyperactive environment with excessive lighting and circus peanuts. In-N-Out on their worst day with a drive through line around the block beats the socks off of Five Guys. Try it once only if you want to be part of the over hyped clamor about this place. But if you want a really good burger, it's In-N-Out's Double Double, Animal Style hands down. Skip the zoo of gullible humanity and circus peanuts, your wallet and stomach will be a lot happier a couple blocks further down the street.
1	It's rare that we review or post a venue that we think is subpar....but seriously?  We just had to talk about this place....So this is one of the fastest growing fast food chains in the country, and with a cult-like following comparable to In-N-Out, it has been at the top of the list for Best Burger in America.  originally from Virginia, this chain has spread across the country like a brushfire.  Having heard a lot about Five Guys, as soon as it opened in Vegas, we went to try it......And just as a note, we have eaten here three times, all ending in the same result.  Usually I give the benefit of the doubt when it comes to food, it's not always consistent.... but in the case of Five Guys...it is...Five Guys Burgers and Fries is, like in the title, a burger joint.  They also serve Kosher Hot Dogs, Grilled Cheese and Veggie Sandwiches.  Their only side is French Fries in two styles: Five Guys and Cajun Style. Their normal burger has two patties with the usual suspects, Cheeseburger, Bacon Burger and Bacon Cheeseburger, and if you want only one patty, put, 'Little' in front of the former categories.  They tout that everything is fresh, (meat isn't frozen) and Condiments are free, (there's fifteen of them).... And you'll need ALL of them! The Hamburger buns are eggier and sweeter than most other breads you'll find in other sandwich chains...So you walk inside and its covered in Red and White checkered tiles with sacks of peanuts that create a queue to the cash register.  In the Southern tradition, the peanuts are free, and meant to be peeled and shelled onto the floor.....animals......Everything is made to order so it takes a while, which is the good part.  There are no trays, everything's shoved into a brown paper sack; if you order fries, they just dump a load into the Brown bag even though they're in a cup that should contain them-needless to say, they're over portioned- one order feeds four (obesity in America running alive and well here).Everything's fried in peanut oil, and to say they are pretty darn good is an understatement, (only get the Cajun Style if you really like them hot...cuz you're gonna burn)....Now, being that it's primary product is Burgers, you would expect that what you're gonna get is a good, quality burger.  However, this is not the case; each time we tried the Bacon Cheeseburger we couldn't taste the burger component of the sandwich, instead, all we tasted was the condiments... Now to be totally honest, we did have the Burger, 'All The Way' which  means we had every condiment on the Burger, and the condiments itself were spectacular!!! I mean, the Cheese was excellent quality, the pickles were superb, tart and crunchy and the sauces had a tanginess that is hard to find in your run of the mill Fast Food Chain Restaurant.  But I mean, come on!  There was absolutely no taste of burger whatsoever; it was like a condiments burger with filler meat by product! What am I?  Vegetarian?  Is this Seitan? Have I slipped into a parallel Universe where Burgers are Vegan while Whole Foods serves MSG and Nitrates at their salad bars?After the third try, I just about had it!  I was gonna get to the bottom of this mystery-what did the hell did thy do to this poor cow? Why did it have to come to it's untimely death, only to be utterly unenjoyable eat? It was upsetting meSo I decided to go back and order just a Hamburger, no condiments, no nothing just to see how the burger fared without any bells and whistles.And as I was ordering my, 'nekkid' hamburger, the look on the face of the girl at the counter was of sheer horror,  the utter look of dread as she realized we were about to uncover the secret of Five Guys.So when we got our Burger and tried it, our greatest fears were confirmed....  It was the worst quality meat you find; with no condiments there was nothing to mask it's unpleasant flavor.  As you can tell, it's quite lean (and dry as a used Hockey puck) there was a weak hint of unpleasant beef , but only as an undercurrent of something stronger, more rancid (ammonia)?  Pink Slime doesn't hold a candle to this piece of masticated, intestine, collagen, knuckle patty.....But after having four burgers here, I was satisfied that it wasn't just a one time experience, it's consistently a poor product.  I don't know how they've managed to trick the rest of America, but this is not a burger joint, it's a wayward homeless shelter for unusable animal carcass parts.  Needless to say, I'd rather dumpster dive for my next meal than go back to Five Guys..Oh yeah, we also had the Hot Dog......meh.........Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:            0.5  Ambience:   1Service         3  (they're nice people)
5	Delicious made to order damn great burgers! thank god there is a decent burger place out here. I first ate at this place in Washington, DC. I loved it! the fact that you can put so much in your burger w/o being charged extra is awesome. The fries are shoestring &  I usually order  it w/ the lawry's on the side & well done. they give you a ton of fries for a small. place is clean & I love the updated look of the coke machines. :)
4	If you've become bored with In-N-Out like I have, Five Guys might just be your saving grace in the upscale pseudo-fast food burger world.The line was sizable, but moved quickly.  The staff was friendly and helpful, especially since I was unfamiliar with the menu.  Even with the crowd, I barely had time to fill up my drink before my order was ready and on the counter, and everything was cooked perfectly and as ordered.  The thing that really stood out about this burger was the bacon.  Holy hell, that might be some of the best, most crispy bacon I've even had the pleasure of eating .  Trust me, I eat A LOT of bacon, you might even call me a bacon connoisseur, so you can take my word for it when I say this place has incredible bacon.Frankly, Five Guys is better than In-N-Out.  There, I said it.
4	WOW!  This place rocks!  I came here for the first time today on an impromtu lunch date with a few coworkers.  I keep seeing their take out cups from Five Guys and think of In N Out.  I'm quickly corrected if I were to ever express this comparison vocally.  Since I haven't ever been there, I thought today would be the best day to try it.When you walk in, you're quickly whisked away to a diner-esque type setting, full of reds and whites.  The sack of potatoes line the way to the order counter and boxes of peanuts greet you as you find a table.  The staff is super young but really nice and courteous which is a huge bonus in my book.  First of all, I can't say enough great things about their bugers.  It's juicy, succulent and really lives up to the saying, "melts in your mouth."  I got the regular bacon cheeseburger, which comes with 2 patties.  I added mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, grilled onions and mushrooms.  I also added the regular Five Guys style fries and a drink.  The burger was HUGE and sooooooo delicious!  The fries were thick hand cut fries.  Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside...just the way I like it.  BTW, the regular fries feeds two people.  I can eat a lot and had to share LOL.  My ONLY rant is that I don't think paying $15 for my meal at Five Guys or anywhere else for that matter is practical for one sitting, so I wouldn't be indulging here every week, but nice to have once in a while.If you're a fan of In N Out, trust me, you'll LOVE Five Guys.  I can't believe that I haven't experience this wonderful place.  Check this place out, you won't be disappointed!
4	Five Guys, In N Out, Smashburger, much like pizza, there are different types of burgers for different occasions. I honestly enjoy them all, but when I want a juicy, filling burger I go straight to Five Guys. I love that all of their toppings are free, but I always get...brace yourself...pickles, mushrooms, and ketchup. It sounds weird, but it is perfect for me (and no I am not pregnant). I also enjoy that their burgers are doubles! It is just the right amount of food. My husband and I always split a regular fry, which is more than enough. They fill a small cup and then cover your burgers in fries, it is awesome! They have East Coast style fries that you can tell are cut from fresh potatoes, they even have a sign stating where the potatoes are from on any particular day. I love that they even have vinegar for your fries for us East Coasters. The free peanuts while you wait, because everything is made to order, are a nice touch as well. The staff is always very friendly and the tables are always clean. I am never disappointed with Five Guys and I can easily see how this became a popular chain all over the country.
4	Love this place, one of the best things I like is choosing your own toppings.  Tried so much different combinations so it never gets boring.  The patty is not as greasy or fat as the other burger joints but the meat taste is still there.  Service is very good and friendly.The highlight here is the soda fountain (I know it's unhealthy), you can try all kinds of combinations of drinks ex: lime, raspberry, lemon coke.Sorry In N Out.. I've moved on to something else.
3	I think giving it a 3 might be generous, but I was hungry for a burger after a hard week of working out and eating right, so it seemed ok. Though there were many things that really make only slightly convinced I might go back. Notice, I said might. So walking in the place you are in a stark white with red checkered wanting-to-be burger joint. Sorry, too clean and calculated to be a real greasy spoon, but they REALLY thought they were trying. There are bags of peanuts that I'm supposing you are supposed to take, but I didn't get why I wanted peanuts when I came in for a burger. I go to the counter and am greeted by a WAY too friendly cashier who screams, "Hi, have you been here before?" My biggest pet peeve is being given some stupid speech just because I haven't visited an establishment, so I lied. I mean seriously, you serve burgers, hot dogs, and fries. What kind of mouth breathing moron can't figure out how to order. And when I ordered fries, he asked if I wanted regular (with description of plain with salt...duh) or Cajun. I cut him off as he tried to explain "cajun" as (1) I grew up in the South. Please, I know what "cajun" means and (2) I would probably be insulted by the fake "cajun" anyhow so I didn't want to hear it. After I place my order I go sit down to wait. There are only 2 other tables waiting for their food who were before me. As the guys behind the counter cook there is this circus act of screaming and banging still trying to make it seem "energetic" and "authentic." I found it more stupid and annoying. I also have to note that it was cold than the dang arctic in there. I finally got my food and tucked in to enjoy. Little Cheeseburger - Good, but nothing so great that I would go crazy for it. It will satiate my cravings for awhile so that's good. As for "best" I didn't really get it. I think Amreica's palette is so destroyed by McDonald's and Applebee's that the idea of actual good food is lost. It seems like anything mediocre will excite the masses.Fries - I got the regular fries regular sized. Good god almighty the portion was WAY overboard. He had even said that they serve two. Two what? Ogres? I felt bad throwing that much food away, especially since they don't compost =(While I was eating I was asked 3 times if I needed anything or wanted a bag to take peanuts home. Um, once was nice, two was ok, and three was getting on my nerves. There is a point where being helpful turns to being annoying. Oh, and after roughly 700 calories in burger and fries, WHY WOULD I NEED TO TAKE PEANUTS? All in all I wasn't totally turned off, but I won't be running back. I'll keep up my search and hopefully find some place more local that doesn't make me want to punch the staff. I guess if you are into fast food then this is a nice change, but really, they just proved why I hate chains.
4	peanuts are  good, burgers are great and fries are okay...i am happy to get a burger to go and have it with a bake potato at home...tastes homemade...
4	Ask an East Coaster and they'll say that Five Guys serves up the best burgers ever.  Before Five Guys arrived in Vegas, the folks off the "wrong coast" would show up in town, insult our beloved In n' Out, and say we didn't know a great burger because we'd never had Five Guys.Well now that Five Guys is in town, it's Game On.  And the outcome in the question of who serves up a better burger?  I'd love to deliver a definitive winner, but I'm calling it a tie.There's no doubt that Five Guys serves up a delicious burger--a greasy, thick, delicious burger.  The ground beef they use makes one of the best, if not the best, burger patty in fast food.  It's a thicker patty than In n' Out and juicier.  Take a bite and a mixture of grease and cooked meat juice will run down your fingers.  Favorite toppings?  Five Guys probably has them and will load up your burger with most toppings without an extra charge (grilled onions, jalapenos, mushrooms, etc.)  Pretty impressive for a fast food chain.If there's anything that gives an edge to Five Guys, it's the fries.  If you get the fries with "cajun seasoning," they come out tossed in delicious Old Bay seasoning -- think spicy and peppery without lighting your tongue on fire.  Old Bay is a rarity in Las Vegas and I'll head here just to get those fries.Bottom line: As Samuel L. Jackson would say "Mmmmmm . . . This IS a tasty burger!"  One of the best burgers in the valley for the price.
5	Best burger in town.
5	Fries are the bomb !! Didn't eat a hamburger today I didn't want to fell like a fatass ! Lol
3	If I could give this burger joint 2 1/2 stars I would. Mixed experience at its' best. I was shocked at how sparse the menu was- NO  salads, onion rings, baked potatoes or shakes or.. anything else.. but mainly burger, fries and hot dogs. Everythjing in blinding red and white colors.  Um ok... So we ordered. We liked how the toppings were free and that they had ones we actually liked. The order was for three: One bacon burger got a 10 out of a 10 rating and some love. The other two, a 5 out of 10. To me ( Yeah I was a 5..) it was just a good greasy burger. I expected much more, something to give it a wow factor. There needed to be a  "You couldn't make this at home if you tried" factor... but there was none. The fries were just cut friend potato with some salt . ( Again nothing you can't make at home). No one liked the fries especially. They were passable but nothing to go on about and the large is about 5 bucks, it will feed a lot of people but who needs that many fries??! The President of fried food addicts are us???!! The Peanuts, I totally don't get it. They just want you to buy a drink. The drink machines rock! I loved these and was like a kid in the candy store. I regressed to about 10 years old and became giddy with the choices of so many of my faves. And if you can't have sugar there are choices for you too besides Diet coke and unsweetened tea like most places have. The lighting is  too bright and it's so noisy our nerves were shot leaving the place. I would not go back again unless someone else wanted to go. You pay a lot for decent food that really could be made at home. If you want a huge artery clogging lunch to perk up your dreary work day go fit but be prepared to spend a lot and do some sit ups afterwards. :) This place will fit the bill for most burger enthusiasts, but it wasn't for me, I am not a fries person either...
3	Food is not bad, not great, ok.  Service was great.  But if I had to choose between Five Guys and In-N-Out.  I will go to In-N-Out next time.  Got a Bacon Burger.  Nothing fabulous, just ok.  Patties were  a little dry.  Nice to be able to dress the burger with additional toppings at no charge.  Lots of fries, but nothing special, like In-N-Out's better.  Wish they had shakes.
4	First time in there tonight and if I didn't read the reviews below it would have been a bit confusing. There is a huge stockpile of salted peanuts in industrial size bags near the doorway and you can munch on them while your order is being prepared and some patrons were actually taking some togo after their meal. Too bad you can't drop the shells on the floor like back in the good old days, like some restaurants used to allow. Yes the place is very noisy and the background music just adds to the noise level, you can't even hear what song is playing. The girl back there putting the burgers together is yelling out something like "GOT IT" every few seconds and it's annoying to say the least. Diner talk I guess, but not very pleasant to listen to. The decor is red and white as stated below, but no big deal it's like a 50s diner and didn't bother me. Around the corner is the multi flavor soda machine and it's the latest in technology, I"ve heard about them, but never seen one in real life. You pick a soda by pressing the screen, say "Coca Cola", then a few more buttons show up on the screen and you can choose Vanilla coke or others as a option. The drinks can go into such things like Powerade and you can choose your flavor, orange, grape...Very cool! The only bad thing is there are only 2 dispensers and if it's busy or there are kids there before you, you will probably have to wait a while before they are done "playing" with the buttons and different flavors.Last but not least is the burgers and fries. As stated before a Burger is double meat patties, the LITTLE burger is a single patty. The LITTLE is plenty enough for the average eater, the double is a belly bomber for sure and it will stick to your ribs. If you get a burger with everything, it's is basically flavor overload and you don't know what you are eating, but enjoyable never the less. Burgers are fresh and cooked perfectly, but nothing truly exceptional. The fries are medium/thick and as the chalkboard stated came from Washington state that day. The REGULAR order of fries is enough for 2 or 3 people, the large is most likely plenty for a good size family. Our fries were good, but a little bit soggy and could have been cooked at a little higher temperature. Still way better than those teeny tiny itty bitty shoestring fries most places like to serve. The price wasn't out of line for what you get, as reviewed by others here and if you can take home a sack of peanuts for munching on while watching TV it's quite the bargain. The peanuts are actually VERY tasty and the large bags state they are made especially for Five Brothers. You can't eat burgers everyday, but this place is pretty good when you want a classic tasty All American Hamburger.
4	Five Guys knows how to make a fresh burger.  Everything tastes great and fresh.  They are very generous on their fries too!  Their soda machine also kicks the butt of any soda machine you've seen.  Definitely check them out if you want a juicy, tasty and fresh burger!
4	Five guys is a great alternative to fast food burgers without getting mixed up in the world of "gourmet" burgers. Their burgers are very tasty and are available with a huge list of free toppings unlike most places at this level. Get some free peanuts while you're waiting for your order? Yes please. Although I enjoy the burgers, I think the fires are worth equal mention. They come in regular and cajun variety and I've never seen anyone who actually needed to order a large. The regular is plenty, even to share. The menu is pretty basic but they do have a hot dog and a grilled cheese option for those who aren't into burgers. I will say that for me it is kind of a toss up between Five Guys and In N Out, but I seem to find myself here more often.
3	Our second visit and will have to admit the peanuts and fries are better than the hamburgers. Even when it isn't busy why does the employees seem to rush you? if you don't order your food in a single breath or sentence they think that is all you want and try to cut you off. Burgers were a little undercooked because they are in a rush when when don't have to be. The burger patties are thinner than the first time and being undercooked wasn't a good thing. Is it my imagination or did the buns get smaller too?... I found a new appreciation of a weird flavor in the soda machine though, it's Orange Coke. I will go back for the peanuts and the fries, both are delicious. Something about those peanuts, I really like.I would probably go to T-Bird or Carls Jr for a burger if I was in this area to eat a hamburger or just order fries and eat peanuts next time?
2	Everything is way too greasey for my taste!
4	If you're looking for a simple, tasty, made to order, drips down your hand cheeseburger this is the place! I've been here on a number of occasions, each time equally as delicious. I prefer Five Guys over In and Out, Fat Burger or the like. I like that it is simple but offers more variety then In and Out. Food Pros: Burgers are big, juicy and cheesy! All of their add ons including grilled onions and mushrooms are free. Plus they have bacon!  Everything is made to order but they are surprisingly prompt. They also have great natural cut french fries. I think they feature a different potato farmer every week. I also like that they have malt vinegar to go along with the fries, perfect combo! An added bonus is their futuristic soda dispenser. The first time I saw it I was in awe. You may find yourself standing there for 10 min just playing around with it. Peach Sprite is surprisingly delicious and refreshing!  The free peanuts while you wait is a nice touch as wellCons: In the times I've been there it's always been what I've wanted and expected. Service: Good service, everything is made to order and they are prompt. Friendly cashiers and cooks. Fun atmosphere and clean. Overall if you're looking for a tasty, fresh, and cheesy burger with a side of awesome french fries then it is definitely worth checking out!
3	It was just okay, nothing special. I  did like that they had malt vinegar on the table for the fries. For the price I probably won't go back.
5	I loved this place, the god was great and it satisfied my meat craving!
3	This was my first time visiting Five Guys and I have to say I wasn't prepared for the experience.I mean I wasn't prepared financially. I walked in with $10 in my pocket and after looking up at the menu I quickly realized I'd be walking out with only a burger- no fries, and no drink. So, disappointed, I ordered a bacon cheeseburger "all the way" with no pickles (pickles are plain evil). That ran $7.45 after tax by itself. The $2.99 for medium fries and $2.50 for a drink they are asking made my jaw drop. I heard the fries are good but no way they are $3 good.Yes, I'm cheap, but I have to be. I'm broke and under-employed. The prices here are just too much.As for the burger, It was pretty darn good I must say. Nice and juicy, big and meaty. I liked the grilled onions. They gave the burger a unique taste.As good as the burger was, I can't see paying over $7 for one so I won't be back to Five Guys anytime soon.What gave me a good laugh while I was waiting for the burger was a big sign they have up on the wall that says "Voted Best Bargain" by the Washington times or some east coast paper. BTW, I stopped at a Circle K on the way home and got a 32oz coke to wash it down for 79 cents!
3	Great staff and decent burgers. Not thrilled with the soggy fries but the burgers are pretty good. Sloppy and fresh burgers, made with quality ingredients really hit the spot. I am the most impressed with the service. I brought in a group if 20 students and they were more than willing to work with us. Each kid was happy and full when they left. My only problem was the fries. 20 middle school students, 12 orders of fries, and there were about 8 orders of fries left over.
4	3 separate times we were asked how our meal was. I am simply blown away by the service at this 5 Guys! Same great burger taste you'd expect from 5 Guys, topped with delicious service -- WIN. Keep on keeping on, Las Vegas. You win.
5	I got to admit I have been a little obsessed with five guys lately been here at least 10 times within a month. Time to give it a littlebreak and get back in shape!I love the cajun fries and adding some grilled jalepenos in my burgers just sets it off, I better stop my mouth is getting watery thinking about it.Will be back on ny cheat day!!
3	Love the peanuts!!!
4	Dayum! Dayum! Five guys satisfies your cravings!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSvaf7frnxcI love five guys in my mouth! Yes, you read that wrong.
4	My family and I were out near Anthem and were in need of food. South Eastern has quite a selection of food establishments, but Five Guys caught our eye. We'd heard good things about the joint.We pulled up, and the smell wafting through the air confirmed that our decision to eat here was spot on.The girl behind the counter was very pleasant, asking us if we'd ever been there before, though she probably guess we had not, due to our staring doe-eyed at the menu, then to the peanuts scattered on top of sacks, then back to the menu. The menu is pretty simple-she explained that there are either single burgers or double burgers, and regular or cajun fries. We ordered burgers with a variety of items that you can add. I was happy that they offered every type of thing to add to your burger because husband was craving spicy, son was craving pickles, daughter wanted something BBQ. After ordering our burgers customized just for us, and regular AND cajun fries (we just couldnt decide!) we were given our order #, drink cups, and shelled peanuts. The drink fountain is amazing. Seriously. Having never seen one of these machines before, we were that family that hogged both machines for quite some time, trying to decide if we wanted flavored juice, coke, sprite, or water. With over 100 different drink flavors, it takes a bit to decide, folks. Our apologies to the customers who were behind us, waiting ever so patiently =)Our food was served quickly. Burgers tasted fresh and flavorful, fries both cajun and regular were tasty, even with the Malt Vinegar that I used to dip some of my fries in. Daughter was happy to use crayons and index cards to decorate and then pin up on a board specifically for patrons-turned-artists. While eating, I looked around and noticed the decor. There really wasn't much to the place. Simple red and white tiles. I noticed that the burgers were wrapped in foil, and most packaging did not have logos. Less advertising and branding, let the food speak for itself. It works.Twice, an employee came and greeted our table. One girl offered to take our trash off our table for us, and we declined politely as we felt she didn't need to do that for us, and then what looked like a Manager came and asked how everything was going. ...it is now 8:55am and I am now craving a juicy Five Guys burger and cajun fries... off to see what time they open.
3	I thought this place was going to phenomenal... It just wasn't. I think I would rather go to Smashburger. You get
4	I am glad 5 Guys is nowhere near San Francisco cause there's a HIGH probability, I will eat here daily. Knowing this was our dinner before a grueling heat ridden backpacking excursion, we proceeded to load up on carbs and protein. My favorite is the mini bacon cheeseburger (perfect size, price, and calorie intake). Flavorful meat, crispy bacon AND copious complimentary toppings makes 5 Guys stand out. The soda machine captured our interests and even those of us who don't drink soda was intrigued. If you crave potato, the cajun fries are the way to go!
2	Ehhh, it was a burger, nothing special, looked like they threw it together, a little messy.. . Service wasn't great, pretty much threw my food at me..won't go back
5	Always friendly staff. Great food and coolest soda fountain machine. It's one of those places that just hits the spot when your in need of a old fashion burger and . Plus the  free toppings  really help. Ps. Jamison Is the best.
4	Definitely a great place to get a burger.  I live the little bacon burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, BBQ sauce. This testament to the power of the burger gods is only $6! Love this place.  Daym Daym DAYM
5	My husband and I frequently come here while we lived in the area. We love this place! The quality of the food and the service is awesome!  I don't mind the price, I rather spend the money on fresh REAL food than throwing my money away to a sub par establishment. The staff is so awesome! We will miss this place! Keep up the good work everyone!
5	Great toppings to put on the burgers and the fries are real good as well!Recommended ordering the little hamburgers first before you try the larger size because it feels probably the normal person along with the fries.Also if you asked for the give you some more fries if your dining and and how could I forget you get free peanuts while you wait for your real hamburger to be cooked.
4	No matter what burger I eat anywhere, In N Out is still always the best, BUT... let's just say no one twisted my arm to get through this door. An unsuspecting first timer would saunter up and order a normal burger with all the fixings, naively thinking they would receive a normal sized burger, with an appropriate amount of things on top, that would still probably leave them in a coma. The NORMAL sized burger is two patties and weighs about 8 lbs. I have to order a "junior" burger which is one patty, and get mayo, ketchup, mustard, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pickles, mushrooms, and hot sauce and it is STILL the size of a newborn child. The fries come in 3 sizes, small, medium, and large and 2 people can share a small. The prices are not cheap. For 2 people to each have a burger and split a small fry it was about $18.00, which I think is a bit much for fast food. I came in with my dad before the lunch hour and we were the only people there and it still took about 15 minutes to get our food. Bins of peanuts in the shell that you can help yourself to while you wait...don't really get that schtick but hey, whatever works.
4	really good burgers and fries. fresh made to order get the Cajun fries. only drawback is youll be paying about 25$ for 2 people.
5	Best fast burger ever! They do not have freezers here. Meat and fries are never frozen all cut fresh daily and you can truly taste the difference! Free toppings include grilled onions and mushrooms. 22 types of drinks available & free refills! Super high quality Hot dogs too if you're not in the mood for a burger! Love this place! Easy in and out too!
5	The cajun fries are good, ask for extra seasoning.
3	An above average burger although a little over-priced. I expected a larger portion, but a good tasting burger. Hand cut fries are a rarity in this area and get well-deserved praise.Service was better than average, considering the bad things that were relayed from other Foodies and Critics. Although during a small rush, it seemed like they did get overwhelmed. Peanuts are a nice touch and helps customers take their minds off the time it takes for the made-to-order burgers. 3 1/2 Stars would be more accurate but nothing was exceptional so I rounded down.
5	I went here for the first time the other day and I loved it! I loved the ease of ordering. I love the cool soda machine and I love the atmosphere. It feels like a real burger joint to me. I will be going here again. I do agree with some of these yelp reviews, it is a little pricey.
2	I was in the mood for a burger this evening and decided to try out the Five Guys close by.  It has been a while since I've eaten here since my previous experience (over a year ago) didn't yield any lasting memories.  I walked in at around 6pm on a Sunday evening.  The restaurant was clean and I approached the counter.  This place has a limited menu with burgers, hot dogs and fries along with their varieties.  I ordered a cheeseburger "all the way" and a hot dog with cheese and onions and a medium order of fries.  The cashier informed me that they "ran out of" hot dog buns and if I would mind my hot dog served on a hamburger bun.  I found that a bit odd that a place where hot dogs are one of two menu items that they would run out of buns, but I went ahead and ordered the altered dog.When I received my order, I dove in to my burger.  Unfortunately, the bottom bun was soggy due to the grease from the burger.  This certainly makes the entire meal a bit unappetizing.  Aside from that, the burger was ok - nothing special but certainly not bad.  The soggy bun really turned me off.  The hot dog was sliced in half and arranged in a hamburger bun.  The dog was Hebrew National and, as expected, was tasty; however, the hamburger bun did not do it justice.  Lastly, the fries, while freshly spliced were good but the quantity was a bit much.Lastly, given the average taste (and the soggy bun), the price of the meal was a bit on the pricey side.  I would recommend In-N-Out nearby for a fresh burger and fresh-cut potato fries - delicious and reasonably priced.
5	Every time I eat a burger from here its like a party in my mouth and every delicious flavor is invited. They have ruined me as now I can no longer eat a burger from anywhere else. I love 5 Guys Burger and fries so much.
5	Delicious! When I'm craving a good ol American burger this is my favorite place....made to order,  fresh toppings of your choice,  Cajun fries are seasoned well and full of flavor (servings are plentiful-perfect for sharing) Oh and free shelled peanuts to munch on!Always great service =)
4	The burger and fries were great. It's very clean. Polite employees. $13 for burger, fries & drink seems a little high, but I would still recommend it.
2	Staff ok, nothing special. Burgers ok, for the price and taste.  In and out beats five guys for price, taste and customer service. CAUTION- if you get fries and burger to go.. Grease went thru the paper bag and onto my car seat
5	Easy and fast place to get a good burger!!  They have really good Cajun fries.  My kids 10, 13 and 16 love this place!
5	YUM, YUM, YUM and great service...oh and did I mention it was YUM?
5	We ate at five guys on Eastern tonight. It was fantastic Adrian our server is out of this world he's always positive and his friend Nick was great too thanks so much five guys.
4	The staff at this location is so nice! Just like how they approached the table to check on us - even as we left they offered a free bag of fries to go. The burger/fries was great although, I didn't give it a perfect score because at this time I am not sure if it's like the best even you know? It was just simply good and that made me smile ;) oh ya and they give you peanuts to eat while you wait and it seems like you can throw the shells on the ground too but when I did my roommate got all freaked out because there we not other shells on the ground - so what is it? Thank you!!
5	First off I have not had give guys in about 2 years! Long overdue. I ordered online, was super simple to do! Order said it would be ready in 7 mins. I go in and pay and did have to wait another couple mins because they were making fresh fries. Can't complain when food is made fresh.All three employees were very sweet and attentive, made sure I had everything I needed! Always a good experience and delicious food!
5	Is it expensive? Yes. Is the bag of fries usually wet with grease at the bottom? Absolutely. Is there a wait for your food? Of course. Is it busy? During meal times it is extremely busy. But I will keep coming back. To me, it's worth the money. The first time I ever went, when I bit into that burger, it was the closest thing to having burgers home on the grill that I had had in decades. I love the many toppings you can get on your burger for free. I love the way that the crew joke around with each other while they're cooking your burgers. I love the peanuts while I am waiting. I do not mind waiting one bit to have my burger custom made. I would rather do that than eat plastic tasting burgers that has been sitting under a hot light at a fast food place. Their iced tea is brewed perfectly, & I can choose between sweet or unsweet. I happen to like my fries a little bit on the limp side, I have to admit. If I want crispy fries, I will go to Wendys or McDonalds. And while I love all the toppings, to me I want to taste the meat. I do not want my meat smothered with special sauce so that I can't even taste the meat. So I am very happy to have the two patties on my burger. I don't eat there often, because of the price, but it is a treat for me when I feel like spoiling myself .
5	Man look...I've heard many stories of this burger joint and finally had the chance to try it. Anticipating a meeting with heavenly beef, my hopes were set high. Before I could get my second foot thru the door, I was greeted with a welcome and a smile. I looked around and it looked homely. Nothing too fancy. More like an old hot rod without all the gaudy stickers...subtly hinting at "this car's gonna dust you, but it won't let you know".The food: Again...man...look...I ordered the bacon cheeseburger w/ lettuce, tomato, & grilled onions. And fries. Gotta have fries. Because fries. Took my first bite and totally forgot about every other burger I'd ever eaten since living on the west coast. As ketchup ran down my chin and my cheekbones began to sweat from the all-beef patty experience, I had a couple well seasoned fries (big enough for a man's hands) and decided this was the one for me. Dood! The fries were everywhere! I felt like everyone in the building was staring at a caveman. Myself. Turns out they were all into their food just as much as I. I also got globs of ketchup on my phone as I live tweeted my entire meal. I'll be going back again. Great service! Great food! My meal ran me $12 including the tip I placed in the jar.
