5	You and a group of buddies are trying to plan a birthday or bachelor party for one of your friends when suddenly you get a brilliant idea and the conversation probably sounds like this: "Hey guys before we buy $8 Miller Lites and spend $20 a lap dance at Men's Club we could just combine our money, hire a house full of strippers, and drink our own beer!" Well my friend you are correct, but if your buddies are like mine they are probably going to respond with: "Look man, I'm not gonna have strippers over at my house, my girl would kill me if she found out, plus I don't want them casing the joint and coming back to rob me a couple of weeks later." A solid point to take into consideration, that is until you do a Google search for Charlotte in home strippers which hopefully flags a keyword in the above introduction and brings you to this review!Welcome! Now that we are caught up and you have found a buddy that has the balls to have strippers over to his house allow me to put those fears to rest. We have used A Bare Affair on two different occasions now in the last four years, and both times have been 5 star experiences. Your collective money is definitely better spent on this option as opposed to heading downtown to the overpriced strip clubs or worse, the dives off Tryon where the girls are usually 3 months pregnant with multiple Dale Earnhardt tattoos. Honestly, just a couple of hours for one or two of their girls is more than enough fun for everyone to become desensitized to the situation and feel their money was well spent. Not to mention, with this route you can collect enough blackmail photos to keep your friend under your control for the first couple years of his marriage.The first time we used them was a few years ago for my friend's bachelor party.  We picked out the two girls in the attached photo. They brought one guy for their protection that basically just hung out in the room and played on his cell phone, nothing was shady about it he was just there to make sure the girls were safe.  Like the other reviewer I won't go into details, but you can message me if you need to ask me any specifics.  I will say that the girls were both attractive and a lot of fun, plus we can never forget that evening even if we tried considering these ladies put up with a bachelor who vomited all over himself during a bodyshot.The second time was when my wife actually surprised me for my Superbowl/Birthday party a couple of weeks ago. I had joked awhile back that I wanted a stripper for the halftime show. Well I guess I had enough drinks that I never caught on when a beautiful girl next door chick showed up that said she was one of my wife's friends from school. She just hung out with everyone for a bit, and then before I knew it my wife lowered the music started up an introduction and here comes beautiful Ava to give me a birthday dance in front of twenty of my friends and their wives which was quite embarrassing but a lot of fun too. A couple of the other wives and guys got a dance, and Ava made sure to keep the whole thing tasteful with limited exposure given the audience. My wife just told her ahead of time what she expected so that it wouldn't be too awkward since it was a surprise for everyone.This company has been around for as long as I can remember so feel free to book them without hesitation. They are a business, and would not have stayed one for this long if they could not be trusted.  So just call them up and let them know what you are looking for and they will quote you a price. They do topless bartending, dancers, or strippergrams as I recently discovered, and if you look at the girl's photos on their site take it from me that is actually who you will get. I still think Ava was prettier in person than in her photo so I definitely recommend her if you decide to try them for your next wild party! Thanks to my wife and a Bare Affair for a couple of great unique memories!
5	I was very nervous about booking a male stripper for my sisters bachelorette party. I googled online about to find a few booking agencies and came across A Bare Affair on Yelp. I emailed the owner, Kathy, her email is on the website. I explained the reason for the stripper and that I wanted one that would dress in a COP outfit. She told me that Christian would be available for the evening that I needed him for and that he had a cop outfit. I thought for sure that Christian would be old and fat and that the pics would not be recent that were on the website. I was WRONG. Christian was hot... even hotter than his pics on the website. He was also so very nice. The event was scheduled for 10pm and he was even 10 minutes early. He spent a little over 30 minutes with us and the charge was $170. I gave him a $100 tip because he was so damn awesome. I really appreciate the excellent customer service and especially that Christian was actually Hot. Thanks for the party!
