5	My dad went there for an eye exam and he really liked the experience, unlike other places. Even though his vision isn't great, the dr made him feel good about it and himself.  Very professional and honest.
5	Dr. Wong is awesome. He is very professional and thorough! He will spend the time to listen and educate you on all eye care procedures and questions. His prices are also the best in Vegas! Really, he will tell you to shop around and guaranteed that his prices and services will beat the competition. Overall, great visit, great doctor, and prices. I would definitely recommend him to everyone! Go see him, and you will make him your annual eye doctor!
5	Dr. Allen Wong is by far the best Optometrist I have ever been to... I have been wearing RGP contact lenses for 20 years and after having a horrible experience at 2 Major retail chain vision stores I was hoping for a great Doctor and experience...  Look No Further than Dr. Allen Wong...  He is Professional and Excellent way beyond his years....  His Practice and Procedures are TOP NOTCH and he is now I am Proud to say My Family Optometrist for the rest of the time we reside in Las Vegas, NV...  Both of his locations on the North End of Town should be easy for anyone to get to.. Even worth a drive from Southern Vegas areas and Henderson...  The Best Experience by far BAR NONE.....  Keep up the Great work DR. WONG!!!!!
5	Dr. Wong is the best!We have been seeing Doctor Wong for almost 4 years, since he opened.He not only takes the time to listen to you, he has a great manner and seems to truly care.  He helped my 6 and 10 year old sons get their first prescriptions, he helped my aunt who only speaks Spanish (that was interesting), he even sets my husband at ease and he hates doctors.  I had my eyes dilated by him and he made it a very painless and worry free experience.  And I love that he lets his sister put her Mark stuff in his office.  :)We've since moved across town but we keep going to him because he is worth the drive.
5	Dr Wong is nice and professional...He is thorough and to the point. I didn't have vision insurance, however, he gave me some options of places to go to (other than Sam's Club) No wait either (walked in).
