3	This place is huge and very convenient to our home.  I like to frequent locally owned businesses so I was excited to try Rollier's instead of going to the Home Depot down the street.  Unfortunately this store is considerably more expensive and has a much smaller selection of items.  I know this is to be expected, but I expect the stellar service to compensate for this fact.  I did not find stellar service.  The gentleman in hardware that helped me was unfriendly and didn't seem to care that that I couldn't find what I needed.  I sensed it might have been because I was female, which really bugs me.  I have returned to grab things quickly and the cashiers are friendly to a fault. I have had to sit in line while they chat with someone infront of me FOREVER pretending not to see me waiting.....too friendly, not friendly enough....not sure which is worse.  I will continue to try this place out because I still think local businesses need a break these days, but they aren't winning me over.
5	My husband and I moved to Mt. Lebanon last year from out of state, and we love going to Rollier's. Neither of us are particularly "handy" so when we go there we rely on the staff working in the departments to help us with our home repair needs. Together we have gone to talk to different people about: indoor paint to combat smoke smell, de-humidifiers & outdoor gardens and have always received friendly, well-rounded and detailed information. A man even helped me figure out how to hang curtains without using a power drill, when I came in very flustered not being able to get screws directly into the wall (I told you guys I wasn't handy!).I also want to praise Rollier's for their selection of HIGH END PET FOODS! I think they should advertise this more because it is very difficult to find these pet foods in the South Hills. They brands including but not limited to: Orijien, Fromm's, Wellness & Taste of The Wild. We do rotation feeding with our pets, so a variety of high end pet foods is a must! I hope they start carrying Addiction Pet Foods soon. Would also be great if they carried bio-bags, bio-degradable dog waste bags.My husband and I are on a modest income, but we prefer to support local business as much as we can. We will continue to shop here because of the friendly, knowledgeable staff, convenient to location to our home and wide-range of products.
1	I've gone to Rollier's a lot over the years whenever I needed a personal touch - something you can't get at places like Home Depot.  Last week I went in with a busted window screen frame.  I wanted to replace it, and Rollier's has built replacement screens for me in the past.  For some reason, this time, MT in plumbing was determined to repair my frame instead of sell me a new one.  He told me that my frame hardware was actually thinner than what he had to sell and it wouldn't fit.  (Later I determined that not to be true - its the same size.)  He said instead he could put a brace across the frame.  OK I said.  I'm always open to saving $50+.  Well that brace added at least 1/8" thickness to the frame.  Now it won't fit.  If he was concerned that a new frame would not fit, why would he think this very thick brace would?  I had to remove that brace to get the frame back on the window.  So he wasted my time, probably over 2 gallons of $4/gallon gas, and took $25.67 from me.   So much for the personal touch.  I think I will stick for the impersonal honesty of Home Depot for now on.
5	Have a home project or problem...ask the experts at Rolliers.  They can help you fix it or they repair many things like screens and lamps.Need seasonal lights and decorations.  Rolliers has it.  Check out the Xmas display of Studio 56 stuff!  The kids love it!  Big kids Too!Great place to pick up items and get assistance.  Need some work cloths, Rolliers has it.  Need paint, window blinds, household items, electrical items, Rolliers has it.The staff just assisted teaching me in how to repair a few items and help save me a ton of $'s!  Price wise most items are competitive with other hardware places.  Sometimes a little more but the experts are worth it.
3	Rollier's is exactly everything that I can remember about the local hardware store when I was growing up. I'm certain that they have someone named "Chuck" that knows the answer to any of your household projects. This place has a wide variety of items that you can use to complete most of your home projects but it is not all encompassing. For the most part their prices are right on point maybe a little on the high side but I figure that since most of the people there can find someone who can give you some real advice on your home project it is worth the slight mark-up. Although I have been mostly satisfied with Rollier's I have had a number of less than desirable experiences ranging from rudeness to being outright ripped off. Example I was sold a sink faucet spray hose that was not new, matter of fact it was so used that there was calcium deposits on it. The sink hose adapter didn't fit my sink so I had to run over to Lowe's to buy the correct fit. When I attempted to return it Rollier's accused me of using it! What I just bought this, how the heck could calcium deposits develop in under a week. And then the store manager had the nerve to ask me why I waited a week to return the faucet. Dude I travel for my job I was out of town for 4 nights. I have been back a few times since but I have hard feelings every time I bust out some cash for a purchase.After writing this review I think I will go to Lowe's again and just fumble through projects with advice from someone who knows little about home improvement projects. At least you can return purchases that are wrong without an inquisition!
4	If it weren't so all-fired expensive, I'd go to Rollier's all the time. Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable, they have enough extra fun stuff (candy, Papyrus greeting cards, candles) to almost feel like a variety store, and a parking lot on Washington is definitely a luxury!The main drawback is that their prices are high. I support them as much as I can, with the purchases where I can afford to spend a little extra.
5	excellent hardware store....top notch plumbing section....very knowledgeable
5	This is a Fantastic Hardware Store. I found a really old chrome 1930's FAN at trader jack's flea market last Sunday. SUPER COOL FIND !anyway , it had a dryrotted electric cord and a bad 3 speed pull chain type switch.Rolliers had an exact replacement for the switch and a retro vintage looking cloth covered electric cord. I was very impressed.The Staff was very helpful and happy to assist me.  ( unlike the jagoff's at lowes and home depot)Support Local !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I cant stress this enough !With some advice and tip's from my favorite electronics store in Squirrel hill. My fan is all cleaned up and running like a top.
5	Excellent customer service!! Knowledgable and friendly associates who made buying a new grill an enjoyable experience. This will be our go to hardware store from now on.
2	So here's the thing... we bought a house in Dormont and it was so nice to discover a "larger" hardware store that wasn't a big box name. Plus, it's only a mile from my place, perfect!So I head here for a quick pick-up for some three-way switches (ordered by the handyman who was working on my electric at home). I had no clue what I was looking for and had saved a note on my phone. I walk in and find the first person I see. A woman who was in a Rollier's apron, standing by a cash register reading the Post-Gazette. I asked her politely if she worked there. She slowly responded "yeah" hardly looking up. I read off what I needed from my phone and again, barely looking up, pointed to the back and said "lighting, in the back."I stood there for a second and realized she was blatantly blowing me off. Customer service is so important... and I would expect a locally owned hardware store to have excellent customer service. Why? I guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible. But compared to the excellent service I experienced at Home Depot every time I've been in, this was a real letdown. I did find a nicer employee who showed me exactly what I needed in the back, but still. I won't say I'll never go in again, but it definitely left a sour taste in my mouth.
5	Imagine those hardware stores you see on tv / movies where the you can go and know that you will get reliable help, well Rolliers is that place. The concept of customer service and expertise is not something of a past era. I have been here more than a dozen times for reasons and I have never left disappointed. I walked in with door knob pieces for a 100 year old door - not only did they know exactly what I was looking for, they had dozens to choose from to make sure that I had the exact ones I needed. I could only imagine the look of bewilderment that I would get if I walked into that big orange or blue "home centers" with the same questions. I have gone back since and will continue to go back over and over again because I trust what I am told when I ask questions - something that is hard to find these days. Yeah, some of the items might be a little more costly (not much from my experience) but that extra pays for customer service that you don't get from someplace that is concerned with shareholder profits. I would rather pay a little more and know that I am getting what I need for the job the first time rather than wasting my time over and over again.
4	Yes, their prices are a little high compared to competitors but there's something to be said for the local mom and pop hardware store.  You can actually get help here from people who know what they are doing....not the experience I had at the local Home Depot.  I'm grateful to have this place just around the corner and will NEVER go to the HD again.  Besides they carry some really great things you can't get at those big box stores.
3	Convenient and easier to find items then big box stores, although you do pay for that convenience. Most staff are extremely knowledgeable and helpful, others in dire need of customer service training (mocking and eye rolling at customers is not cool).  Returns can be a hassle including items sold that are defective or missing parts.
4	This is a great local place for the neighborhood. There aren't many general shops or convenience stores within walking distance, so Rolliers is my go-to store. Their employees (beyond the local teens at the registers) are very friendly and knowledgeable. I've never had any problems finding plumbing, storage, or cleaning supplies.
4	Wow! I absolutely love this place. For its location on route 19 in central Mount Lebanon, this place is gigantic. It has its own dedicated parking lot in the back, which is great because parking in the ares is always a bit problematic. This is a great little hardware store with all the smaller items of a typical store, but a little less in terms of large items like wood, fencing, etc. It's also a bit confusing with the layout, and I got separated from my family and lost in the store. It was a glorious kind of lost though, because I love hardware stores. This place has a lot of nicer high-end fixtures like lighting and faucets that I haven't seen at the big-time stores. In addition to traditional hardware items, this place carries some kitchen supplies, camping and outdoor gear. They had a great selection of reasonably-priced Carhart gear in the center of the store that I was eyeing for Christmas gifts, and I also saw an aisle full of ceramic teapots that I reluctantly avoided to prevent unnecesary spending. This place is great for browsing DIY-ers and people who just love to roam hardware stores, like me. I went here at the beginning of October and they have a great selection of adorable Halloween decorations. The center of the store has a giant table full of sale items, including last-season decorations and random knick knacks. I didn't get a chance to explore the place in depth so I can't say too much about its inventory or prices, but it's a wonderful, large, convenient, and interesting store and I can't wait to go back.
