5	I've gone to Dr. Kelly Blair since I started wearing glasses in 5th grade (and I've worn contacts since 6th grade since I hated wearing glasses, lol).I've had some pretty bad eye problems and he always knows exactly how to fix them and makes sure I am taken care of.
1	WARNING: Nationwide Vision WILL rip you off. They billed me for a medical condition, so that they could bill my medical insurance instead of vision and I ended up paying out of pocket. No other optmistrist i have visited has ever seen any sign of this condition. They made me sign paperwork right after dilating my eyes(I couldn't read), gave me contacts that made my eyes worse than before and now, a month later they are trying to bill my insurance AGAIN. I am never going back there. READ EVERYTHING they make you sign, they will scam you for everything you are worth. We plan to sue for malpractice.
1	Both times ive been here the appt. are late. Both about 20-30 minutes late. Of course its because they are busy....i love getting here at least 10 minutes early only to wait an addition 30 minutes past my appointment time ti be called back..
2	32 minute wait.  Which was explained that I needed that time to fill out paperwork -- an amount of time 20 minutes too much.  I asked if my next appointment, for another child of mine on another day,  if I could fill out the paperwork ahead of time and arrive 15-20 minutes late... I was told no.  I needed to arrive at my "appointment time" and then NOT be seen by anyone until a half hour later.  So no matter what, expect a 30 minute wait.  And the optometrist was terrible.  The gal that did most of the exam was nice, but slightly inexperienced.  When the doctor came in to check how well the gal did, he looked at me and gave me the "come hither"  finger motion and then pointed at a place in the room where he wanted me to stand (it wasn't a problem for the lady...)  He never said an introduction or pleasantry the whole time.  The office was packed.  This location is a draw for gang bangers apparently.   There were a lot of people I didn't want us to stand next to!  Maybe it was a bad day.   Admittedly, will probably bring my other kids to their appointment since it is already scheduled for too soon to cancel without being a jerk (I'm not going to be the jerk even if they are,) but will not go back here ever again.
4	Been having serious cornea realated issues for some time.  Other DR's had decided to ignore the problems and make me live with it.An early appointment had the staff fresh and the place not crowded.  Paperwork was not as complicated as most offices.DR Blair is taking a reasonable, step by step solution to FIX the issue not just make me deal with it.This is not 5 stars only because I am a work in progress.
