3	What's to be said?....   it's Walmart's version of "big box retail"...  I it's huge, clean and has friendly staff.
3	Great prices on gas and friendly service people who will pump gas for me since I am in a wheelchair.  The store itself is clean and well organized though they do move stuff around often so I find myself "losing" products I normally can find.  The one gripe I have is that often they don't have many checkout lines open so the lines can get very long.  Also, recently they've started having the cashiers try to upsell members into their premium membership.  If I say no once, I'm not going to change my mind in 30 seconds just because you keep talking.
3	So after 2 years of not having Sam's Club Membership......I decided today to renew. Now I wasn't ever unhappy with being a Sam's club member....but when we moved to AZ there was just simply not a Sam's Club close enough to us to take advantage of the great savings. Now while I probably won't visit this one again because it is about 40 minutes from where i live....I must say it was just like any typical Sam's Club. It was small....not very attractive.....average food court.....and decent customer service. However the thing that has always impressed me with Sam's Club is the GAS PRICES.....because like Costco they are AWESOME. I also must say that SIMPLY ORANGE.....orange juice is a must buy along with the 2 Pack bags of chips for 5.98. There are also some other cool things at this location but again I can't ever really give ANY Sam's Club more than 3 stars.....perhaps I love Costco to much....LOL. However with that being said at just 40 bucks per year the membership is worth it and I will have to just to visit the one about 20 minutes from me a least a couple of times a month. So if your on a budget or just looking for a good deal for items in Bulk.....give Sam's Club a look. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	A ok just because there are some things you find here that is better deal than Costco. The store is not as congested as Costco. The polish dogs are better. There are more specials um clearance. It's up to you on preference. I will go where the deals are. I do like the ground beef better at Costco. Each place has perks. I don't care just hook it up on some samples...
3	I have to admit that Sam's Club is much better than Walmart!  I cannot grasp why this is the case.  I mean the difference on the way the stores are ran.  Aside from club pack sizes, Sam's Club stores are kept brighter and cleaner.  I have to echo what my fellow Yelpers have said about Costco and Sam's Club, they both have their perks.  I can care less about the samples, I already know what I'm going and not going to buy.  Manufactures seem to choose one of the club stores over the other in most cases which is why I have both memberships.  The butcher meats and rotisserie chicken are second place here.  You will find Apple products here where the other does not.  I am not to sure on the difference on the OTA and Rx drugs prices but the other has always been cheap enough for me.  You will not find many Gluten-Free items here where the other does.  If you're not in a position to have both memberships, I would go with Costco.  Sam's Club for me is a great fill-in for what I'm not able to buy at Costco.
1	I'm disgusted with this store. I previously had a "super-fabulous-elite-top notch" membership. It had been about and year and a half since it expired. My hubs and I went in tonight. I was debating if I would renew with Costco who I just expired with or renewing with Sams club. With Costco you get better perks, but I was interested in inventory. We went in and I asked for a one day pass knowing I would be paying a surcharge, no big deal. I asked the CSM if I could have a one day pass as I was deciding where my membership would go, I was told, nope, sorry, we don't have one day pass "numbers" to give out. I said seriously? You'd rather lose my business? And all I got was a pathetic, ya, well, sorry about that. We left, and as we put our cart back, my husband said, I wouldn't give them my business anyway, trash all over the cart area and in the carts. So thanks SAMs club, you made up my mind. I'll take my business back to Costco. Crap store and people not very nice.
1	So I've never had a bad experience until today. My mom sent me to buy her some things with her member card, I do this often and I never have a problem. Today the "new manager" was next to the cashier and pointed out that I wasn't the person on the card, so I explained to her that it was my moms and that I was picking up things for her, that I had never had a problem before. He then took the card from the cashier and said with attitude "well I'm the new manager and you can't use other peoples cards", like if I was using a random strangers card, and then she told me she was going to take the card from me and that my mother would have to go pick it up and get a new card. I was able to make the purchase but with the feeling of never going back. And to top it of I wasn't able buy churros because it was 15 min to closing and it took 15 min to fry them up. I will now be going to cosco, were they have ready fried churros on hand and nicer staff from what I've heard.
3	Sam's Club or Costco.... Which To Choose.I have memberships at both  Costco and Sam's Club . However, Sam's Club is closer to my house, so when I am short on time Sam's Club  is usually my choice. In General, while Sam's Club and Costco offer good value I think Costco sells better products and merchandise and has better customer service.On a positive note the gas at Sam's Club seems to be the cheapest in town as compared to the gas at my local Costco.  However, both are good clubs.
4	Overall good experience just wish the vendors weren't so damn pushy. If I wanted to be accosted by random vendors pushing crap I don't need id go to the mall. I was disappointed that they don't renew your membership for free here if you are military like they do in texas, but you do get a $15 gift certificate. Btw when did the membership jump up to almost $50?! I remember when it was a little less than $40, everything is getting so dang expensive now days.
4	I really like this Sam's Club. Great price on gas. Great prices on groceries, gifts, and household goods. Staff is pretty friendly. Crowded parking lot, so it's hard to find a space, but that's because they're so good that people love them.
