3	It was a burger.  Nothing amazing, but I could have gotten the same burger at burger king (and better fries)  My kids had the breakfast and it was good.  I think I will go back to this place and try the breakfast.  It might be my new breakfast spot, and I will redo my rating.  But as far as the burger is concerned it was just ok  ... 3 stars.  Only one waitress, and she was the cashier too, but seemed to handle the crowd that was in there.  Its funny we wanted to go to THE DELI across the street which we LOVE, but it was sooooo freaking packed ... I should not have yelped it ... hahaha but it was so packed we wouldn't have been able to sit for 30 min they said....so we just went next door (the kids were hungry) and I hate waiting with kids.  I bed this place gets a lot of business from THE DELI when they are too packed.....  hahaanyway ... ill go back to this place and try the breakfast but other then that right now .... its just ok.
4	This place reminded me of Cracker Barrel, but the food wasn't overpriced and was actually good! Went here for "brunch" and wouldn't have known about it if it hadn't been for Yelp. Got a ham and cheese omelet that came with home style frys and toast. Also got coffee and with tip was only 11 bucks! I save 5 stars for when I am really amazed but would definitely go back.
4	My wife and I visited the San Tan Cafe on a Tuesday morning around 11 am. The outside of the building does not do it justice. The decor inside has a country feel to it. Marcie was the only waitress on duty and while she was very busy with tables she made us feel important and provided us great service.The food was great. I had 2 scrambled eggs with Bacon, home-style fries, wheat toast and 1/2 order of biscuits and gravy. The home-style fries were fresh, not frozen and the bacon was some of the best I have ever eaten. It had the right amount of crisp and the flavor was outstanding. The wheat toast was made with whole grain and they were very generous with the gravy on the biscuit. I would definitely go back again.
5	SUPER good breakfast!!!!!!!!!!!  Ordered the pancake combo which includes the hugest pancakes I have ever seen, 2 eggs, and some of the best bacon ever!!!!!!  The cook obviously knows how to crisp bacon and cook your eggs to your order.  The price is really great too!!!!!  The platter is huge and the quality is really good, they are using good quality bacon,  nutty wheat bread for the toast (or white), etc.  The decor inside is country and really cute.  The waitress was the only one working and she was so sweet and nice and getting the job of 5 waitresses done plus cashiering with a super nice attitude and smile on her face.   Only thing that they will probably improve on (because all restaurants in Phoenix have to deal with this problem) is getting filtered water for the drinking water ,,,, but we got milk and drank that with our breakfast,,,they have Coke products and next time I am going to try their burger with Coke and I am sure their soda and coffee is filtered water.  Really glad we tried the San Tan Cafe,,, we will definitely be back for more!!!!!
3	We came here because The Deli was closed. (why is it so many things in Arizona are closed on Sundays?!). This place is a nice little local diner with decent food and friendly, although a bit slow, staff. I had a tuna melt on sourdough which was done well and was not overly greasy. I liked that they had many different options for sides. Husband had the BLT which was huge on Texas toast and he wound up taking half home. Everyone was very friendly but it was a little slow. Overall, this isn't a WOW place, but it's a nice, decent cafe and I'm glad we stopped in.
1	Wife & I stopped in for breakfast at the recommendation of some friends. Waited almost 10 minutes before someone took our drink order, so we ordered food as well. After waiting another 30 minutes, without drinks, we got up and left.
3	We Stop by for lunch todayI had a chicken sandwich (chicken & ham) which was done well and was not overly greasy. I liked that they had many different options for sides.  My partner had another type sandwich which she was happy with and it was good.Everyone was very friendly but it was a little slow. Overall, this isn't a WOW place, but it's a nice, decent cafe and I'm glad we stopped in.The only other thing I would comment on is the price for the two sandwiches it was $ 23.00 with a soda.
3	Love going here for breakfast when I'm in the area. Lunch is good too. I let them know the french dip sauce was a bit too rich. I'm going to try that again the next time I'm in there for lunch. Will let you know.
2	Went downhill fast after some of the staff left. It's a shame this use to be a place we would frequent but not anymore.. Not sure what happened but I just can't recommend this place anymore - there are better places that are close to eat at.
1	Disgusting greasy breakfast and very rude owner. I will never be back and I see why there is not a duke here, no repeat business.
4	Very good food, great prices, and the second best bisquits and gravy in the valley!  I really like this place for breakfast!
4	I went here for breakfast and it was good. It seemed very old fashioned - not mass produced food. I liked that. Nothing special, but that was quite alright by me.
3	Cafe has new owners that are very nice as well as the staff.  We ordered burgers, fries, salads, and grilled ham and cheese sandwich.  All were delicious!
4	Just went here Sunday for breakfast with the husband and mother-in-law.  We recently moved to San Tan Valley and have been looking for a new breakfast place, Unfortunately, the choices are quite limited.Walking in, the interior is very quaint.  Lots of country kitsch, such as pictures and figures of chickens and pigs.  Pretty cute.  Even better, everything was spotlessly clean.  We were greeted and seated immediately and the girls working were very fast and friendly.I had the Eggs and Meat combo, 2 scrambled eggs with hickory smoked bacon, crispy hash browns with a touch of onion and a flaky, buttery biscuit with a classic sausage gravy (or any choice of toast, the biscuit was a bit extra, well worth it)  Very well done and flavorful, eggs were well cooked and the bacon smoky and crispy.  A good deal at $6.49.  The hubby and mom both had the french toast with more of that tasty bacon and whipped butter.  The french toast was thickly sliced with a wonderful cinnamon flavor and served with lots of hot maple syrup.  The order was huge and lasted them another meal which explains the $8.99 price.Overall we were very pleased with the food, service and atmosphere.  Also, the coffee was great and fresh and they accepted my first ever Groupon with no problem.  I would say if you are in the area for breakfast, it is definately worth a try!
5	Staff is friendly and recognize you.  Great food and nice atmosphere.  Not fancy, but prefer that to a dress up type place.  Love taking family there as they can have pancakes and I can have gluten free French toast.  Wow!  Being GF sucks (food allergy not a preference), but places like this make me feel normal again.  Now a regular place we go for breakfast since moving to QC from Sacramento a month ago.   Thank you!
5	Went for Friday nite fish but discovered full menu was available. Had a juicy Lucy and I think this is my new choice for best burger in town. This place wonderful with great service, great food and clean as a pin. We loved it and will be back regularly.
5	Wonderful place.This is a wonderful, out of the way, old fashioned place, The food is very good (comfort food). The entire place is spotless and the staff is amazing. A visit here is like stepping back in time.
5	New owners... A true Mom and Pop cafe.   I had the crunchy French toast which was fabulous and my husband had the pastrami burger which was outstanding.  Decor is warm, friendly and welcoming just like the service.Off the beaten track but worth finding.
4	Great service first and foremost!  Went for breakfast and to be honsest the food was a slight disappointment. Since this is only my first trip and this place has such potential I will be back for another try.Service and ambiance will bring us back, I am a strong supporter of local buisness and I really hope this place lasts.
5	Really like the breakfast here.  Bacon and pancakes are so good.   Plus they have a groupon coupon even better.
5	Found this place by accident. Glad I did.  The food is great and the service is better. Stop by and you won't be disappointed.
2	We have been here quite a few times, before and after new ownership.  We are still waiting for all the grease and dust to be cleaned off of the ceiling fans, the return air vents, the over-hang of the kitchen "window" to also be cleaned. SO MANY dust catching knick knacks!  Also still waiting for the new owner to have his employees smoke out of view and breathing area of the front door/entrance! That does not inspire us to want to eat here again. The food is okay- definitely comfort food. The wait staff is okay.
3	Have eaten many breakfasts here. Since new ownership has taken over, everything has improved. My favorite place for standard breakfast fare. Nothing special but locally owned and friendly. Pretty consistent. Wish they'd work on the flavor for the pancakes and the French toast (which is bland and not recommended). I usually have their standard breakfast. Love that I can substitute one pancake for toast without an upcharge and the coffee is better than average for this type of restaurant. I recommend this business, like the people and the food is good.
2	I started going to this restaurant about a year and a half ago. Recently it seems like it went downhill. I probably won't be going here anymore. The quality of the food is about average and priced slightly high compared to other local, non-chain breakfast / lunch places.  Usually the food is slightly over cooked and dry.  I've had the same experience with breakfast and lunch.  The dining area could be cleaner.  Today I was told to "sit anywhere" when I walked in the door. Most of the tables were empty. I left 20 minutes later without eating or drinking anything because I never had a server come to my table. There are better options to eat a few miles away in Queen Creek.
4	Visited the San Tan Cafe after it was recommended by several friends. Upon walking in, I reallly wanted to walk out. The decor is vomit-worthy. However, I'm glad I stuck around. The food was delicious (got the corn flake french toast, and eggs), and the prices were decent. Not super cheap but not crazy expensive. Server was friendly, but again, the atmosphere is notttt something you'd write home about.
5	Went again on the 4th of July.  My husband and I arrived at 1:40pm with no idea they closed at 2pm.  We asked if they were open because it looked closed with only a few lights on, but were told yes.  It wasn't until after we got our drinks and menus that we realized they should have been closing in 20 minutes.  We both felt terrible, because we are not "those" kind of diners that walk in last minute.  However, Becky our server told us it was fine.  The food, like our last visit, was excellent!  I got a "juicy Lucy" burger stuffed with cheddar cheese and their applewood smoked bacon, with hot, crisp crinkle cut fries.  The smoky grill flavor on the burger with the melted medium cheddar cheese at the center was a perfect medium, just as I ordered it, with sliced red onion, lettuce and crisp dill pickle chips on a buttered, toasted bun.  Perfection!  My husband got the Reno bowl, because he was craving breakfast.  That is crispy, perfectly seasoned home fries, red onion, diced chicken fried steak and their perfect, peppery country gravy topped with melted cheese and 2 perfectly cooked sunny side up eggs.  And with a side of their delicious bacon!  I almost gave up on my delicious burger to help him eat part of his food! We tried to hurry through our meal in order to try and get them out of there to pursue any 4th of July plans they might have had, but Becky was wonderful in talking to us and telling us the story of the "Reno bowl" when we said how incredible it was...She was throwing some breakfast things together for one of her meals, based on things she loved and the owner asked her "what's that?"  She explained and they immediately put it on the menu, but named it after her husband, Reno, who is the excellent cook at the cafe!  They are both so cute and sweet and we left them still playfully arguing over the credit for the dish!  It was a wonderful meal with excellent friendship and service felt all around!  To the owners credit, it might not sound as good to have it be called the "Becky bowl", but we know it really is!And this meal plus drinks was about $28.00.  We feel a bargain for the quality and service.  If you have not yet tried it for breakfast or lunch, please do ASAP!  It is a true gem in San Tan Valley!
3	I went here for the first time today with my mother and sister. I ordered the french toast combo with scrambled eggs and bacon, my mother ordered the crunchy french toast combo with bacon, and my sister ordered the grilled breakfast sandwich. We also ordered a side of hash browns. The french toast was delicious and my mother liked the crunchy french toast. My sister had no complaints with the sandwich either. The bacon and hash browns on the other hand were not good. The potatoes were bland and the bacon was burnt to a crisp. Why the server even brought it out like that, I have no idea. It was terrible. I was really looking forward to the bacon and it was a giant disappointment. I would have been much better off with only the french toast. I would have rated this establishment much higher had the bacon not been so terrible. I liked the home style feel of the place, it felt like I was eating in someone's dining room, but they really need to reconsider the potatoes and overcooking the bacon.
5	My husband and I have eaten at San Tan Cafe several times now and we have only had good experiences here. The first time we visited we didn't realize their hours and came right at closing. Many places would be frustrated with customers walking in so late, but that was not the case here. The staff was warm and friendly and the food was fantastic. My absolute favorite thing on the menu is the Sweet and Crunchy French Toast, but everything we have tried has been wonderful. The prices are great, and the service is quick and friendly. I would definitely recommend San Tan Cafe.
4	First time at San Tan Cafe.  Decided to eat here before gym.  I was very please to see how busy and pact they were.  We waited for about 15mins to get a table.  Waited another 10mins for waitress to come and take our order.  We got our coffee and water in short time after she took our order but waited over 35mins for our Chicken Fried Steaks and French Toast meal.  That means it took us total of 60mins to get our first bite of food.  Now you might be saying "why 4 stars, not 2 or 1?"  Here is how I got 4 stars. 1) Decor received +1 Star .  Decor of this cafe is really old and out dated but wasn't dirty or had that weird smell most old cafes have.  2) Service received -5 Stars.  Waiting for a table is understandable since they were super pact and busy but I can't believe we had to wait over 10mins to get our water or even to order.  Also after our foods we had to wait over 15mins to get a syrup for our french toast.  Our waitress forgot to bring our syrup twice.  After we finished eating everything else but french toast we had to get attention from waitress to get us a syrup.  3) Food received +4 Stars.  Their food was what I expect from American Diner or Cafe so I was going to give them 3 star but what I loved was their Sweet & Crunchy French Toast.  Oh my gosh best French Toast I have ever had!!!  We were so full but we couldn't imagine leaving our french toast left over so we got a doggie bag.  We will be having that with a scoop of french ice-cream later tonight.4) Barry the owner received +5 Stars.  I didn't know he was the owner.  I thought he was a bus boy/waiter/cashier.  He was busing tables, taking orders and going around to see if anyone needed anything else.  He was also checking people out.  Wow!!!  This is what I like to see owners do.  He also invented now our favorite Sweet & Crunchy French Toast.  He is so personable and such a hard worker.  -In the end the total stars came up +5, but I can't give perfect score due to our waiting period for our waters and our syrup.  I want to so bad but instead we will be returning for Barry's delicious french toast and their great coffee.
5	My wife and I have determined this has become our go-to breakfast restaurant. We have tried most of their breakfast dishes and they have all been very good. The Reno Bowl is excellent! The staff is friendly and on the spot with coffee refills. The restaurant is clean and pleasant.
3	After hearing so much about this cafe, I finally had a chance to try them out last week for lunch. Walking in this place kind of felt like walking into a Cracker Barrel - it has a very old-fashioned country cafe feel to it. Lots of menu options to choose from on the menu, especially for breakfast. After reading other people's comments about the breakfasts here I will definitely have to give them a try one of these mornings.For lunch, I went with the San Tan Stuffed Burger (or as they note on the printed menu, the "Juicy Lucy"). I decided to go with cheddar, green chiles and bacon - cooked medium. Food came out pretty fast and was cooked perfectly. This is where I struggle a little bit with my review. The burger itself was good, but not really what I thought I was getting. A real "juicy lucy" is pretty much oozing with cheese in the middle, but with mine it wasn't even close. In fact, I kept taking more bites into the burger looking for the cheese and found just a little bit in the exact center - but far from what I was expecting. Ok, I'm a burger snob - I'm sure I will catch some heat here. If you are going to market one of your burgers a certain way, you need to deliver the goods.Other than my rant, the taste of the burger was good and for the money this size of burger is quite a bit of food to put down. For comparison purposes, my wife let me sample some of her mushroom Swiss burger and it was amazing. In fact, I might go with that one next time. If you like your burgers, you need to try one here. One heads up - the menu items listed on Yelp do not appear to match the actual printed menu. Service here was great - very friendly and helpful staff. I will be back again to give them a try for breakfast.
