4	My review is for their breakfast buffet - if this were a review for their normal lunch and dinner buffet it would be a different story.  I got a flier in the mail that told me they had breakfast in the mornings now - a buffet - and MAN was I impressed - not even kidding you, the ethnic food they serve buffet is maybe a 2 star so this surprised the heck out of me.  This is one of the best breakfast buffets I have ever been to.  I forgot my iPhone or I would have snapped a few shots of the buffet (which has anything and everything you can imagine for breakfast food) But if you have ever trusted me as a Yelper, then give this place a shot for breakfast.   The french toast, biscuits and gravy, pancakes, all kinds of potatoes, eggs (way good) and they even have the tempura chef ready to cook to order...Go there and try it out if you are in or near Queen Creek - so glad we have a place so close now that we can trust for breakfast!  If you check out this place let me know what you thought of my recommendation because I think this place is the bomb. (for breakfast)
4	have a vacation home in queen creek so i dnt  know how to go anywhere else other then to the shopping center where walmart is at this is where i came across the jungle buffet so i figuer i would give it a try i was so suprised how economical this place is and everyone was nice n friendly, the place is cheap n has good food i almost felt as if i should pay more. its one of the places i visit everytime im in town
3	Went here for the dinner buffet. The establishment is spacious, clean, and relatively new - it's in a newer expansion of  one of the bigger commercial complexes in San Tan Valley (formerly part of Queen Creek). Most of the dishes were par for the course for Chinese buffets, with typical choices - except for the salt and pepper squid, which is not very common in buffets and is quite good here. I'll come back to try the lunch and hopefully the breakfast buffet sometime.
4	After reading some reviews we were a little hesitant to try Jungle Buffet but afterwards we were really glad we did! It's just down the street from us and the food was good! They have a decent variety of food and you can never go wrong with a Mongolian bbq!!
5	Jungle here features lunch from 11 AM, then dinner after 4 PM on weekdays.  On Saturday & Sunday, there is a brunch buffet from 11 to 2, then dinner.  Friend Matt S. gave the brunch here a good rave, so Mike C & I dropped in today to give the lunchtime buffet a try.This is a newish place with a (Chinese?) jungle theme inside.  It's very nice, & offers semi-private booths, proper lighting, temperature & acoustics, good service, & plenty to eat!  I counted up 78 main food items at lunchtime, & at dinnertime they also fire up the Mongolian BBQ.I got off to a great start with their Hot & Sour Soup, which was chuck full of tasty ingredients, including meat!  It was kind of a Chinese stew, really, & I've never had anything quite like it.  This out-of-the-ordinary flair appeared in many of the other dishes as well.  For instance, there was a good salad, pre-tossed with unusual cheeses & other ingredients, & served up in a big, really nice shell-like bowl, rather than just in a stainless pan.  Other excellent cold dishes were similarly offered, & the tasty sushi (except for the tasty DEEP FRIED sushi!) was served up on classy, rectangular white plates.There were really good, large, breaded fried shrimp, and HUGE pterodactyl wings (ok, maybe they were chicken wings), breaded & fried but not greasy, & very juicy & tasty on the inside.  Even the "ordinary" Chinese buffet items such as chicken & broccoli in a sauce & the Kung Pao Chicken were just extra good here.I finished off this great meal with one of three flavors of REAL ice cream, & signed off my notes at the bottom five big stars!Lunch Buffet $6.95, $6.25 Sr.  Beer & wine served (here in Mormonville!).
5	yes five stars  this Chinese buffet was very good the atmosphere was nice with comfortable seating. The food was great ,i started with the egg drop soup and it was ok but it all went up hill from there.After the soup i had a salad made with blue cheese and it was great. Next it was on to the main coarse items (about 40)lots of your typical dishes but just done better like the deep fried shrimp were nice and big,chicken wings were enormous and tasted great.The salmon was broiled with a very good sauce on top.I also tried some kind of pork dish that was a little spicy for me but really good.After a couple of trips back for more shrimp it was on to the desserts.They had that soft cake that taste like coffee that you see at other Chinese buffets and it is awesome they also had a apple and cheese fruit salad that was really good.the Chinese donuts were as good as they get not all crunchy on the bottom. Then i had hot apple pie with real ice cream yum yum . So was this buffet worth the drive out to Queen Creek? you betcha!!!!!!
3	Standard Asian American buffet with some interesting decorations.  More dessert options than the typical buffet, but if you have been to one you have been to them all.
4	Surprisingly good.  I'm always nervous about going to a buffet, especially with any kind of asian food, but this place was great.  Food: good.  Variety: good.  Atmosphere: good.  Service: good.  Price: good.I'll definitely come back, especially if I'm really hungry and want to eat a ton.
3	I agree with Britt - surprisingly good. I was a little concerned with sushi from a buffet, but I tried a couple of pieces and it was good. The bar contained a wide variety of items - from typical Chinese buffet foods, grilled chicken, to crab legs. Even a Mongolian grill in the back, but I didn't try it out. One of the most impressive things was the desserts. A couple kinds of cake, brownie, ice cream - all yummy. AND, a sign at the cash register revealed they have champaigne - including Asti Spumante! I haven't seen that since 1978! All in all, a good trip. 2 buffets with 2 soft drinks, $24.66.
2	Been here twice, once for lunch and the other for dinner. After comparing lunch and dinner my results were very similar. The food is not the greatest. A few entrees tasted old/stale, lunch entrees left out for dinner at night possibly? And YES! Cockroaches, I was eating and one ran across my table infront of my plate. There was one also at the end of the table by the soy sauce salt/pepper area more than likely were crawling on top of them. Where there's one there's many more elsewhere.
2	Food not too bad although genaric selection. Been there 4 times in last 2 2 years. Once, one of the waiters had really bad BO! That was the last time we went there.
1	I have been there several times and have now sworn off this place.  Like other reviewers, I think the county board of health should take a close look.Should you touch salt or pepper shakers, you will definitely stick to them - They get refilled but never cleaned.Yes - I have seen a cockroach or two.The 5 gallon ice cream tubs open to all is less than appealing as you kind of wonder what else has been introduced into those tubs.While the presentation is generally ok, I suggest avoiding this place.
1	we have been there about 4 times... the first time was great so we went back the last 3 times have been progressively worse to down right disgusting! The last time will forever be the last time! The food tasted like it had been sitting for hours and when we complained to the manager she said its almost lunch time so they will be bringing new food out soon... I was like um what about now? She got flustered and spilled my sons drink on me!! I was appalled! My husband had already paid but she refused to give us a refund even though none of us really ate anything. Don't bother going here its over priced and not up to standards of a decent place to eat! Yuck!!
1	Can't give this place any stars!   My wife and kids thought we would try this place on Wednesday night.  The food was terrible.  The cab was bad, the shrimp was bad, the watermelon was bad.   My kid tried the jello and said that tasted funny.   We overheard another table point out the crab was bad and the watress apologized to them and went to check the rest of the crab to confirm it was bad.  Then during the meal my daughter pointed out a roach on the wall next to her.  As we paid our $41 for our meal and as we were leaving we saw the waitress getting rid of all the crab and she asked if everything was alright. She knew the answer!
5	I am actually really, really surprised at the reviews for this place. I used to live in Arizona practically my whole life, then for 5 years had to move to another state. We found a really good Chinese buffet in the state we lived in, so we knew we needed to find another good one out here. Upon coming back, this was the first (and closest) Chinese buffet to our house, so we tried it.The first thing we did notice, is all the random decor inside. It was very random, but still very pretty. I don't know about anyone else, but I go to restaurants to EAT, not to stare at pretty things, that's just a bonus.  Anyway, the second thing we noticed was the very yummy smells, and the wide variety of foods! So many foods to choose from! After sitting down at our booth, my fiance' and I were very happy because our booth was really private. We tend to steer clear of restaurants with screaming kids, and luckily it's as if the waiters/waitresses felt the same way, because we took notice to the one side of the room and it's large amount of children, compared to the side we were on, with none.I have YET to see a cockroach. I have seen some flies, but that's about it. I've been here quite often, and everytime I have been here, the grill was always "closed" or not on. That's sort of a bummer, because I've always wanted to try it. The only thing I think I could complain about for Jungle Buffet, is the prices. HOWEVER, having spent 50 dollars on a breakfast at Denny's, the Jungle Buffet prices didn't seem too bad. As far as the waitors smelling like B.O, the waiter that served us was a college student with a black turtle neck on, and he actually smelt quite nice. A bit too much cologne, but it was a very pleasing aroma. I don't know why my experiences to this place have been far better than others from the looks of it, but not once have I ever had a problem yet. I would HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this place if you're having one of those days where you can't decide what kind of food you want, because they have a great selection of every kind of food you can think of. INCLUDING FROG LEGS. Not my cup of tea, but to see frog legs on the menu was crazy!  Everyone I've recommended this place to so far, haven't had any problems, and Love it just as much as my fiance' and I.
2	Ok I have mixed reviews about this, but since I have been there 3 times I am going to average it out. first time I went was great it was about 2pm with my family and all food was fresh and was very presentable on the table. I loved the spicy chicken and the nigeri sushi was decent nothing close to what you can get at a main steam sushi place but was edible. Now if you go within an hour of close complete different experience, food is empty and dry, sushi was tossed around like a 3 years old was playing with it and they were not refilling anything and you get charged dinner fee to boot. Why stay open if you are not going to feed your customers???? Very unhappy.Now I also gave this a try at opening thinking everything would be fresh, when they opened only a few things had be placed out. By the time I was done eating what I could put on my plate which took around 40 mins, they finally had all the good stuff out. I will not be returning to this location there are better options within 15 miles away.
4	I like this place for take out because the price is right and I get to pick up a little bit of everything. Without the cost of drinks, tips and such, we get a good deal.
1	***CLOSED*** The sign on the door says they are closed for the summer, but it appears this is another San Tan Valley restaurant that is closed for good.  A second sign talks about an eviction notice.
5	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =The bad news:  This excellent buffet closed a while back.The good news:  "Asian Buffet" opened today, & it's real good too!     :-))
4	Along with friends Norm R., Robyn N. & Mike C., I got to be the first customer ever at this excellent new buffet today, which opened in the space formerly occupied by Jungle Buffet.  They were featuring 96 food items, not counting sauces & dressings.  I found the Sushi to be delicious, as was the Mongolian BBQ, which included shrimp, lamb, beef & chicken, along with various veggies.Some of my other favorite foods here today were the Crab Salad, the Egg Foo Young, & the Orange Chicken.  Minus one Star for the place because the "Review" they have posted on their website from Holly S. is fake.  They just opened for the first time here today!     :-OWeekday Lunch Buffet $7.29
4	New management has helped the food selection at lunch.  The lunch buffet was $8. The food is relatively the same as you find at most Chinese buffets, it is good and the place is clean with good atmosphere.  I gave it four stars because it has greatly improved from when it was Jungle Buffet. The name now is Asian Buffet
2	This place was fantastic, then okay, then terrible. The only reason the place gets two stars is because for some odd reason my wife and daughter still love it. I am not going to be headed back here any time soon.
