5	Super friendly and great low prices will keep me coming back to this independent. Great deals on concrete poured basins and benches. Well worth the drive and much better selection then the big box stores!
5	Very helpful and knowledgeable staff.  I had stopped on a whim, and their staff helped me choose the best plants for my situation, and even helped load them in my car!They have a great selection of trees and plants, unlike the nurseries who claim to have "thousands of trees," and then you arrive, and find they simply have thousands of two different varieties.  A & P may not have thousands, but they do have many varieties, and all are in great condition.
3	Staff here is friendly and fairly knowledgeable.  I bought 5 trees for my backyard back in November.  One of them died within a couple of months.  When I returned to A & P to ask about a warranty replacement,  they told me that there was no warranty unless I purchased their soil and used it when I planted the trees.  This sort of annoyed me since I was never offered and informed about this when I bought the trees.  When I mentioned to them that I was never told about this option,  the guy shrugged and basically told me I was S.O.L.  Partially my fault for not asking,  but just as much their fault for not offering the soil/warranty  to me at time of purchase.  So,  A & P lost my business for the rest of my backyard landscaping;  I found another nursery with better selection and prices.
1	Don't waste your time!! Cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products! Spoke with the owner about a verbally abusive employee that lied about their products. He would not do anything to fix the problem but sell me something else. The owner asked me if I was handicapped because I can't plan a tree... Who asks a customer that?? This is the most unethical company I have ever worked with! I have never been more disappointed by the way I have been treated as a customer. Watch out for this company!! Make sure you get everything in writing and don't believe what anyone tells you there. Even if you talk to the owner, he will stand behind his employees, that can do no wrong, and not remedy the lies that have been told. What a horrible experience and shame that this company calls themselves a "family business". More like a big corporate machine that doesn't care about their customers!!
5	So friendly and helpful! Ask as many questions as u like, they love to share there kbowledge
