1	Worst haircut in my life. It doesn't even have to look good, but to have an uneven haircut, asked to fix it, and make it even worse is unacceptable. Never going again... ever.Went back to get it corrected, got attitude and ended up walking away. I never write reviews but this experience was by far the worst customer service I've ever had in my life.
1	This one time, they did not wash the dye out thoroughly and when I told them about it, they suggested I washed my hair again on my own at home that night. That is so....unusual??? It was itchy and scathing. They also got my shirt/back wet when washing my hair, and even asked me to dry my own hair using their hairdryer while the 'stylist' went to clean up. During the dying process, I was complaining about the dye hurting my skin (like forehead, not like, scalp, it was a good inch away from my hair) and the stylist just really...laughed until I started tearing up. This part and the getting my shirt wet part I did not mind too much since well, things happen, but her attitude was so unprofessional. It felt like she was giving her niece or something a hair treatment for fun, rather than with a paying customer.Seriously, what kind of 'stylist' asks their client to go wash their hair again at home because they did not wash the dye out enough. I am talking like, I scratch my head and colour/acid was dripping from my fingers from my scalp. Their excuse was that they did not know how long to wash the hair for. What the actual fuck. To be fair, she washed it again when I asked her to (maybe I was too polite, she thought I was not serious about things, but I just think it is very dangerous to have a pissed off 'stylist' handling acid on your head). But I was in the fucking 'hair salon,' holding their hairdryer, drying my own hair while the other stylists watched, talking to each other in the front of the store. When does a client go into a salon and dry their own hair? Prices were very good, the ending result was 'as expected' but the process was horrible. My advice: find a good stylist there and only go when she is there. I think some of the staff are accustomed to treating anyone who looks like a student with as little care as possible. I'm going to leave out name though, I don't want to ruin anyone's job/career, but I hope you get the idea.
2	My boyfriend was getting a haircut and I was just waiting around at the First Choice in UW plaza. After my boyfriend paid, I noticed some extra long pieces of hair... so I asked the barber to trim it again. She looked slightly annoyed and just quickly cut off an entire patch. It was cheap and fast but not worth it.
3	This is a standard First Choice.You go in, give your name and phone number, which is kind of weird to me. They really shouldn't need my phone number.I've never had a bad haircut experience here, then again, I don't have the most complicated hair style.I always drop in without an appointment. If I come in when there's a line, I just come back another time. It's pretty convenient since it's in Campus Plaza.
1	Don't get your hair cut by Courtney she's awful. In a rush and is just looking to get it done quickly. Paid 20 bucks for a buzz cut she did in 5 minutes. She didn't even fade or detail the cut right. Worst.
