4	2nd part of tonite's, " i'm in a shit mood so let me eat my way home ." - saw some comments about LAs Pupusa in the past, it's on the way - what the heck.  I get a pork Pupusa and a chicken tamale - $3.50 - seems cheap .took about 15 minutes to get the food ( i ordered to go ) - the restaurant is large but few customers - let's go !!!  take it home.It's been about 30-40 minutes before i try both - still very warm / hot - that's a good sign.  The pork pupusa - tasty, could use a little more pork.  i wish i saw BK's review about having it cooked well done because those were the best parts.  The tamale - one bite - ehhh .  too damn greasy for me !good price, good pupusamy next stop was across the street - siena italian deli  - closed !!! are you shittin' me !! next stop - Thanh Huong !!!
4	I've been living close to Eastern and Trop for ... like 8 years already but haven't had a chance to check out this place yet. And ... encouraged by great reviews (and :) ... as I find myself following B.K already) I decide to give Las Pupusas a shot. And it definitely lives up to its name ... I was hungry like a wolf so I ended up ordering 4(!) pupusas - 2 with Chicharron (Pork) and 2 with Loroco y Queso (Cheese).And that was my mistake :) because when girl gave me bag with my food it seemed a little to heavy. They put like a whole pound of spicy cabbage, good 8-9 oz of that liquid stuff you pour on top of it (I just don't know the name of it in Spanish) and 4 good size pupusas.I did ask them to cook pupusas crispy because it does taste better.So, bottom line:+ quality+ quantity !+ price ... (although it's probably average for this type of places but still) .. my bill was like $7- well ... I'm not sure for the rest of the menu ... I will have to try something else but I'll reserve 5 start rating for places that really WOW me. This restaurant is a great value for a casual meal but nothing fancy. So 4 stars - solid GOOD!
3	I had my food brain all set to try "rice balls" at Oh!  Nigiri! in the same center, but Oh!  Nigiri! was closed for the weekend.  So...wanting something more unusual than Marie Callender's, Las Pupusas was my choice.  I had the tamales con elote and two pupusas:  one queso con loroco and one calabaza.  The tamales (two) come with a large pool each of sour cream and refried beans.  The pupusas come with a shredded cabbage slaw (some kind of clear dressing) on the side.  Everything was okay, if not highly spiced.  Portions were huge, and prices very low.  I couldn't finish anything because just two pupusas and two tortillas was way too much food.  I also had a horchata, and it's different from the Mexican Horchata.  The Salvadoran horchata has a taste like slightly toasted rice and a bit of a coffee flavor, too.  It's not as smooth, as creamy or as sweet as Mexican horchata, but I can't say I like it less.  It's simply different.The decor reminded me of something you would find at a public swimming pool--no need for black tie here!
5	I was a Salvadorean virgin before Las Pupusas and am so increibly glad they were my first. Yum. Delish. To-die-for. A cheap plate of delectables. Excellent value off of the strip. Friendly staff, even friendlier locals. Leave room for dessert; there's a world famous bakery (rightly so!) next door.
5	Super clean, friendly service, food is a little slow to come out -- but that's because it's all made from scratch -- and given the ingredients, that's a great thing.  Their salpicon, chopped beef, radish, mint, onions, cilantro, lime, is fresh and fantastic.  Their pasteles are large -- crispy -- either chicken or pork with curtido, they're terrific.  Their pupusas are best well done -- but they don't quite get that instruction -- but then I don't speak spanish... but they're quite good -- I'm partial to the queso y loroco.  With the curtido and spicy sauce, mmmmmmgood.   Think Salvadoran version of grilled cheese & tomato soup (ok cold tomato soup), regardless, definitely comfort food.  Today, their mixto cocteles was mostly tomato -- los tacos and la palapa have better ones, but that's ok.  We watched a young woman enjoying her sieptes mares -- and it looked truly spectacular.  And their flan, if you're not planning on dessert from Freed's next door, is truly transcendent.This place is HUGE, great for groups, extremely inexpensive, fresh & fantastic, plus close to UNLV -- at Eastern @ Trop.
4	Pupusas could use a bit more time on the grill, lack of non-Americanized options like Chicken (just the normal pork and cheese varieties); still awesome over-all.  The refried beans are /AMAZING/.  Plenty of seating, fast service, bone up on your spanish, etc etc.
1	Avoid this place at all cost.  I came based on the reviews but cleary not written but actual customers.  Place was empty on a Friday night and that's never a good sign.Ordered the carnitas burrito and it was bland, the meat over cooked and the rice was bad. Yuck!  That's what I thought.  Rest of the party ordered shrimp fajitas and carne asada plate and neither faired any better.  The pita bread that was supposed to be a tortillas I couldn't even eat it.  No chips and salsa to start with and the place was a little dirty.  Prices were about the only thing positive to write about.  If you want authentic Mexican food this isn't the place.
3	This is decent for what it is. I don't expect much considering we are in Vegas. Filling at best.
4	There are a ton of Salvadorian restaurants throughout Las Vegas. Big ones, small ones, mini-chains, etc. I've tried a few, but keep coming back to this one. Maybe its because one of my best friends is a Salvadorena, or maybe it is because I've never met a Salvadoreno I didn't like, but the namesakes of this place are amazing. I've had many different kinds of the pupusas here, but on my last visit I had the been and cheese. They were like heaven. Each bite more delicious than the last. I also had an order of plantains...can't get enough of these, and Las Pupusas does them just as good as any of the Cuban restaurants in town. The group I was with all had different things (carne asada, pupusas, salad, etc...) and all were very very happy with their selections. It was a Wednesday night around 6:30, and the place was pretty busy (mind you, this place is big for a "hole in the wall")...mostly families but a fair share of people picking up dinner to take home. I particularly like this place because they are patient. Sometimes when you don't speak the language the staff can be really impatient, or even rude...not the case at Las Pupusas, they are very friendly, very patient and will make substitutions if you ask nicely. My meal of 3 pupusas, plantains and water was around $6 and I was super full. I don't know anywhere else where I can get this feeling (that is not the Terrible's Buffet or Cici's Pizza) in Las Vegas.
4	Had to stop cause I was craving it since my friends back in SF were posting their cravings for Pupusas all over FB!!So, stopped in and ordered a cheese/herb and a pork/cheese combo.  They came out warm and gooey...delish! And I had the option of putting as much sauce or as little sauce as I want since they gave me the bottle of sauce.2 pupusas and a Dos Equis for $7.03!!! Can't beat that price!They also have plenty more on the menu...next time I come back I'm gonna try the seafood soup!Oh, and they were VERY nice....
5	MMM MMMM MMM, SO FREAKIN' BOMBTASTIC!!This is my favorite pupusa place. They make your pupusas the second you order them so they're as fresh as can be. I love the mixed pork, bean, and cheese ones, they're my absolute favorite! I've come here about 3 times already. The last time i came I got 4 pupusas which came with the ensalada and tomato sauce for about 7 bucks, so cheap!I have no complaints about this place, my mouth is starting to drool just thinking about their pupusas, mmmm!
5	my cousin introduced me to pupusas when i visited him in california. i came home fiending for them. i started asking around and las pupusas was the number one spot. i had a bean and cheese pupusa and a revuelta(mixed chicharones, beans, and cheese) pupusa, two, pork salvadorian(theyre more wet than mexican and rapped in a banana leaf)  tamales, and plantanos empanadas. i devoured everything and nothing was going to stop me. i cant wait to go back and try new things.
3	It's good enough for what it is - a strip mall Salvadorean restaurant.  I stumbled in around 8:00 one evening.  The place is huge, and was mostly empty.  I'm assuming that there is a reason there are so many tables, maybe there is a wild lunch rush.  For a quick, cheap, and filling meal, this would fit the bill.We kept our menu simple.  A pile of papusas (all bean and cheese), some plantains (yum), a steak and rice burrito, some horchata and a pineapple drink that another reader recommended.  The papusas were decent enough, greasy and warm, the fit the bill.  I'm a big fan of the simple vinagary-tomatoey sauce that comes with them (Frank's Red Hot is one of my top 10 food products, so my preferences trend toward vinagar and spice).  The rice in the burrito was a bit weird - at first I thought it was potatoes, it was mushy in a weird way.  But, it all had the seasoning of the beef, so it was salty and satisfying.  The plantains were rather greasy, but still, who can resist sweet fried plantains?Middle of the road in terms of quality and taste, but it's about as cheap as it comes, so it gets bonus points for that.  It sure beats Taco Hell for Latin themed food any day of the week!
3	Walking in, I was a bit confused on what we should do. Sit down? Wait for someone to lead us to a table? Go to the counter to order. I was a bit upset that no one greeted us but I really wanted to pupusas so I mustered up the strength to just sit down at the table. Finally someone arrived with menus. Order: Beef Milenasa, 3 pupusas (cheese, mixed, pork) and empanadas leche.The beef milenasa was delicious. Probably my favorite from what we ordered. The tortillas were different. Thicker and cornier? I liked them. Very filling.The pupusas were great but the pork and mixed were a bit oily. The extra sour cream that I ordered neutralized the oiliness. The salad was great with it too. Oh, you also have to scream to get some water. We didn't scream, so we didn't get any water. No one really came back to check on us. Star drop. :o( Sorry, las pupusas.
5	I think we ate here 3 times on our trip to Vegas. Delicious, cheap, great for kids, friendly service. Do get try horchata, it has an amazing toasted, nutty flavor, much different than mexican horchata. Not sure about the Mexican menu, we stuck with the namesake. The pupusas are amoung the best i've had.
4	Good, filling delicious little pupusas! I had un de queso (cheese) and un de revuelta (cheese and beans). Topped with cortido (shredded cabbage in a slightly spicy sauce) and a tangy sauce, it's the perfect blend of starch and filling. We ordered tamarindo (a fruit drink) and ensalada ("salad" but in this case a juice with finely diced fruit on top). Yum!The service and atmosphere here is not glamorous but the food makes up for it.
4	I have heard about these pupusas - so I thought I would try it out.This place has about 60 tables looks like a quick service place but they do have a waitress.  The waitress explained what a pupusas is so I tried 3 different kinds; pork, chicken, and I think a cheese.They are basically a thick soft corn tortilla stuffed mostly with cheese.  They give you a side of fresh shredded cabbage salad.  They were pretty tasty.  What I liked most was the cheese oozed out and was grilled so it had that crispy tangy chewy goodness.  I don't know what that is called - but I like it!I think they would be good with some sauce on them - but they were still very tasty.  The service was very good, too.
3	I had to try some Pupusas, looked so good on yelp reviews. We had the pork and cheese Pupusas, plantains with beans and sour cream ,sounds weird but actually I liked it. We also had the pork tamales. , Wife had the chile rellano Pupusas was served with some vinegar marinated cabbage and a watery sauce? The sauce was really bland, don't know what the purpose of the sauce was but they need something better. Pupusas was a little greasy but I don't mind a little grease. First time having pauses so don't now how it supposed to be but I guess they were alright . Plantains were good dipped in the sour cream and beans, hard to screw up fried plantains unless you burn um these were cooked perfect. Pork tamales were very good wrapped in banana leaves that added a nice sweetness to them. Very moist. Wife said chile rellanos were alright. All this food for $20 bucks plus tip , hell yeah this cheap ass will be back. Lots of seating more cafeteria style, only handful of customers. Service was alright.
3	I asked what was best and ended up with shredded beef.  She said definitely better than the pupusas.  Quality of beef was OK and tomato was looking past it's prime.  I dont quite get the positive reviews here.   The tamarind drink was excellent, however.
4	This place is our second home! First off don't expect Mexican food. Salvadorians speak spanish but do not cook the same way. The pupuas are great. It almost like pita bread stuffed with cheese, pork, loroca are a combo of all. For breakfast you cannot go wrong with casamiento. Eggs, platnos (Almost like fried bananas) with cream, a mix of beans and rice together and tortillas (that are like pita bread, that is Salvi style). That with a cup of coffee or ensalada (fruit drink) will definitely fill you up. And if you are looking for a deal, this is it. 2 people and the bill is under $20.00. If you don't speak Spanish don't worry, they are very nice and understanding when you order.
4	Good pupusas, but even better nachos! We really miss living in Vegas because we haven't found a place close to use we just as good pupusas.Good and friendly service and enough space.
5	This is the first place my boyfriend and I eat at every time we come to Las Vegas. We've eaten here 5 times since April 2010 and have never been even remotely disappointed.  We always get 3 cheese & herb Pupusas and one pork, the combo plate of plantains, crema and refried beans, and my boyfriend usually orders the Seafood Soup, Shrimp Soup or Shrimp Cocktail.  The homemade corn tortillas that come with the soups are too die for!Everything is wonderful that we've had. I always say I'm going to try something new but I love the Pupusas and Ensalada that comes with them soooo much that I can't go there and not have them!
4	I had the number 31 here which is carne GUIsada not asada, as I stupidly kept thinking was what the server was saying.  The difference being that guisada is braised beef and asada is grilled.My confusion started with looking up Mexican places open at 9:00 pm on yelp and this place came up.  Not knowing what a pupusa is didn't help either, as it is actually a Salvadorean staple dish apparently.  Nevertheless, I was hungry and always down to try something new. To drink, I had the kolashampas, which tastes like bubble gum soda. Not too shabby.  My only complaint here is that I ordered chicken quesadillas as appetizers, but they ended up coming out with the carne guisada. They were delicious anyhow, as was the carne guisada which has a mildly spicy tomatoish sauce strewn over it.  Makes for great dipping with the pupusa bread.The servers were polite and helpful, although they probably couldn't help themselves from smiling at the book in my hand (grad school). The prices were not too bad at all either, think I ended up paying like $17 for all three things.
3	The food was great; authentic, giant portions. The Italian in me pushed for the breaded veal, and I was delightfully surprised. The decor is what you'd expect of a 3 star Peruvian joint, but the staff was friendly and I received only got a few quizzical looks from the regulars. I'd suggest it for a quick bite in the area or if you're a futbol fan looking for some decent food and a quick beer from south of the border., but not for much else.
4	Yum the Mexican Ladies in my office introduced me to Pupusas today and i am a fan! i had the mixed Pupusas and the coleslaw and hot sauce was super yummy but also really greasy. the good kind of greasey.And for $1.75 a piece you cant beat it! Definatly going to be back soon
4	Came here for a Sunday afternoon lunch looking for some good Honduran and Salvadorean food.  Was not disappointed.  Service was friendly snd casual.  Dining room area was clean, had a simple 'cafeteria' style quality to it (although the restaurant has waiter service or counter service for take-out).  Tried some of the staples - curtido, pupusas, tamales, salpicon, carne milanesa - my dining guests were big fans of the carne milanesa, but the salpicon and its vinegar-sourness was the star for me, and the pupusas were solid.  Beans and rice were excellent as well - beans were creamy and smooth - more like NOLA red beans type sauce (although mild flavored) and rice was well cooked.  All-in-all a great neighborhood place for some interesting and tasty dining.
4	I had two demands when my better half was relocated to Vegas 1) a house with a pool  2) Finding an El Salvadorean place to get pupusas. I love Pupusas because they invite you to partake in a bit of Mayan culinary antiquity. Masa lovingly rolled by hand and slapped on a sizzling grill, topped with cabbage curtido and a light tomato salsa. My favorite is the queso con loroco pupusa's. Loroco is a fragrant mesoamer  flower whose herbal leaves are mixed with the cheese and stuffed inside the masa_Divine I say!  The platanos are also very good here. The pupusa's here are lard free and very light, which is really key. A great vegetarian dinner for about 6 dollars. Be prepared, this is a homestyle joint, with blaring telemundo and sticky floors~ but it all adds to the autheticity and great meal.
3	So a new place to try, Salvadoran food.  First time to try it and what the heck is a "Pupusas" anyway?  I have seen these little restaurants all over town, small little places, and wonder what their menu has on it that makes it so popular.  My husband, the real foodie in the family, said he'd read some good reviews and we should try it.  So we stopped in and found a empty place.  Were we early for dinner, or was this a warning sign?  I soon found out that it was just an early dinner that found the place so empty.   So I selected something that at least sounded like something you'd find in a Mexican place, the Chile rellano.  It was mild and had rather ordinary flavor, so it wasn't a big hit.  My husband got the pork and cheese Pupusas, which turned out to be a thick "tortilla" like flat bread.  It  know that it was very in expensive, and I am sure we'd try it again.  Might have to study the menu a little be harder though.Service good, clean place, staff friendly.
5	I am in love with this place!The food is amazing!! SO GOOD! PUPUSAS!!!!Please the everyone who works there are so friendly.
4	One of these things is not like the others, one of these things just doesn't belong. Ok, the last line might be an exaggeration. At first, as the only minority in the whole restaurant, it made me feel like a Caucasian walking into Chinatown. In the end, good food transcends all boundaries and I am down to devour it all.I came here with my sister since we have always wanted to try Pupusas. Not exactly sure what they were, made us want them even more. We ordered the mix, cheese, and pork thinking it would be a light meal. Add an order of plantains and it is a done deal. My sister's eyes grew big while I was ordering, but I reassured her that they couldn't be that big for $1.75. Boy was I wrong. If you are going by pictures, look at the scale of pupusas to plate ratio. These big stuffed flat breads are superb.The mix and cheese were the best because of the nice crispy edges. My con artist of a sister stole the end where the cheese oozed out because it had such a delicate texture. That is the last time I cut it down the middle to share the good parts. For $8, we had a decent size meal for two averagely hungry people. Even in ravenous mode, it would not be expensive to dine here, because everything is so inexpensive. The service was friendly, but it takes the kitchen some time to turn out food. Now that I know what a pupusa is, the mystery is gone, yet a yearning for more fills that spot.
4	Holy cow, these Pupusas were great!  I had two and two pork carnitas tacos.  Some of the best Mexican food I've had here in Las Vegas.  There was no one in the joint when we arrived, which was fine with me.  It was a Saturday early afternoon.  The menu is sizable but I knew what I wanted.  The food came out pretty fast and it was everything I thought it would be.  I can't wait to back to this place!
4	Maybe my taste in men has helped me feel less awkward in situations or restaurants like this. Having once had a Hispanic boyfriend allows you to escape the awkwardness of being the token Asian in an establishment, but when you end at Las Pupusas with your Asian brother, the discomfort is inescapable - in fact, it is exponentially multiplied. With the intrigue of pupusas lingering, the both of us were willing to endure the uneasiness. We sat down - ordered a plate of plantains and three pupusas - mix, cheese and pork.The Mexicans have tortas, the Venezuelans have arepas, the Salvadoreans have pupusas. All of these things have some similarities: take some dough, throw in either cheese, meat or both of these things, and you're done! But mind you, even though these are only $1.75, they are huge. When they came out, we were stunned. Eating them, the flavor is just as big the pupusa itself. The mix with beans and cheese was the best in its simplicity. The cheese was another favorite with that salty cheese that oozed out and made a crust. The pork was not our favorite - its texture grounded to a pulp and flavor just being 'meh'. Throw on some of the slaw they give you, and one pupusa could be a meal in it of itself. The plantains, on the other hand, were also just as good. Perfectly fried up, fresh, and teetering between sweet and savory - they were my first plate of plantains and certainly not my last.Consider me a Hispanic food hipster, but as I grow older, I am now branching out into these lesser-hyped, obscure cuisines. It's places like this that perpetuate my interest and hunger to try the new and unknown. While initially uncomfortable, I now take the amount of discomfort to directly correlate to the deliciousness of a place - in this case, it's damn good.
2	Pupusas review only: Why do they almost always get my order wrong? I speak Spanish and English, but sometimes I just want to order a delicious pupusa without turning it into an international incident. Good luck with this place if you don't speak Spanish, though. I asked for 8 pupusas with frijoles, pollo, y queso (beans, chicken, and cheese), and since I never dine-in at pupusas restaurants, I didn't realize that they totally forgot the frijoles until I got home. Also, they were a great deal greasier than the ones that I get from the Las Pupusas on Valley View and Desert Inn (they speak even less English at this location, but at least the pupusas aren't as greasy).The atmosphere reeked of the Bald Guy on the bottle of cleaning solution and the dining area is a bit too bright, pedestrian, and family style for my taste. Carry-out is the only option for me at either location.So, all-in-all I would say they were alright. I love the pickled cabbage and the sauce that goes on top (what's the name of that flavorless red stuff anyway?). Sometimes I just get a craving for pupusas, and since it's one of the few items I've yet to venture to create in my own kitchen, I'm pretty much at the mercy of the non-English speaking pupusas crafters.Next Friday, I will try the pupusas joint on Eastern and Tropicana, which serves up 99cent pupusas on Lunes y Viernes  (Mondays and Fridays) for carry-out. But only if I can get there early enough (pupusas joints close WAY early).
4	Going off of the reviews here I ordered 2 pork and bean pupsas thinking that the size would be sufficient. Now, I'm a pretty big eater and probably could've gone with 3 to satisfy my hunger. Though 2 was sufficient for a lunch time meal. The pupusas were not greasy at all and they tasted great. I'd definitely go back, being that it's 2 blocks away from work, and maybe try some of the other ones next time.
5	Just go, you wont regret it. TRUST ME. Pupusas to die for. And my fave dessert growing up, plantains with sour creme mmm!
5	Terrific pupusas. Cortido was just right.   Broad menu.    Great waitstaff.    Huge Salvadoran  beer.     Carne asada plate with blots of rice and beans and salad.  Highly recommended for a quick and satisfying meal.  Thanks Yelpers!
4	imo, salvadorean vs mexican cuisine is like comparing a Monet to poker playing dogs on velvet. Pupusas have no peer and Las Pupusas does them better than anyone I've found in the valley. The only problems I have with Las Pupusas is they're too cheap, too good and too close to my home, and make me wanna go there too often.
5	One of the two or three best meals I've had in Vegas, and the price was under eight bucks!I'll be coming back here for a looooong time.The Good:1)  Incredible pupusas recipe.  Fresh, hot, delicate.  I've had them other places and they weren't done as well.2)  Preposterously cheap.  If it cost twice as much it would still be a bargain.3)  Lots of variety on the menu.4)  Reasonably fast service.The Bad:1)  The ambiance is low rent, but that's consistent with most restaurants at this price point.  Heck I've seen taco trucks that are more expensive than Las Pupusas.
5	OMG Awesome!Great Tacos, if you go on a Sunday expect a line!Great Prices, Great Food, Great Service!A little hard to find, and if you are specific about food, you might want to bring a Spanish speaker.I will definitely become a regular!
3	Haha, I never thought I'd say this, but I've had better in Wichita.  The pupusas here are a little bland, though the variations were interesting.  They did not have much crust on them.  The crudito was not pickled long enough and also bland.  We also had the corn tamales with crema and frijole.  One tamale was fried and the other was boiled.  I've never had them fried before; my husband prefers it this way.  I prefer it boiled since it's creamier.  Service was indifferent but quick.  Prices were cheap.  Average all around, so it's unlikely that I'll return.
3	This was the first time I've eaten pupusas.  And they were delicious!     The dishes were great tasting and well portioned.  The prices are affordable and the service was prompt.     What was the downer?  The bathroom wasn't clean...  :(     I was planning to give this place solid four stars, but the trip to the bathroom made me reconsider.       Hopefully, the owner will read this entry and clean that restroom so the customer's last impression won't decrease.
5	It's close to UNLV and I prefer getting my cheese pupusas over anything at the Student Union. The only thing is that I'd have to give up my parking space at school if I wanna come here for lunch. Staff is super friendly, food takes a while to come out but it's ok with me, and I always leave here satisfied and full.
2	The service was quick and the food was pretty good. I ordered the carne asada quesadilla but it was too greasy for my taste but it was still pretty good. My brother ordered the pancakes and they were store bought pancakes that you just throw in the microwave and some of it was still frozen. The one thing that really bothered me was that there was a fly buzzing around me as I ate which kind of ruined my appetite. Overall it was a mediocre restaurant and I will most likely not be coming back.
2	I came here because i was starving and saw 4stars out of 50 reviewers. I think It's authentic Salvador food but I don't think it's for my taste buds. I'm so used to the usual Mexican style tamales (i got pork and chicken)The corn was super soft like they used too much water in the mix. The flavor was okay a bit bland (I used a lot of tapitio hot sauce). My husband also got chicken with cheese pupusas, it wasn't good like two stars. But the crust on the edge was good. The sauce for the pupusas was so bland and water down that I couldn't even tell what it was. The cabbage that came along with it was okay too, It was in the vinegar sauce. There wasn't really any service but they are nice. The food took awhile to come out as well. I don't think I'll come back since the food I got was watered down and bland. Hope I don't get sick x[
4	Ok, so the wait was long.  But that's my only complaint and i forgot all about it once I took my first bite into my papusa.  I came solo and have never had one so like a true gringo, I Googled "how to eat papusa." Many suggestions and decided to dump the cabbage on top and squirt the homemade hot sauce all over.  Then BAM...where have been all my life?!  Crispy, soft, salty, gooey, sweet, spicy, and every adjective in between!  I want another but would never finish the Luenga Rancheras staring me down. You didn't think a gringo would order that did ya? Lengua was tender, tasty, and juicy...great choice!  Especially when accompanied by their thick hand pressed tortillas and addictive rice and beans!  Man, what a nice find...if you haven't been here, get here.  Look passed the shady location and tacky ambiance, and enjoy something new!
4	Amazing cheese pupusas!  Literally, any of the pupusas that contain cheese are excellent.  The tacos were also very good (carnitas and sabor), although a little heavy on the lettuce.  The service was very good and our waitress was very sweet.  One warning is that the pupusas are BIG.  I ordered two plus a taco and ate it all because it was so tasty, but was super stuffed afterward.  Definitely will head back when I'm in Vegas again.
5	I am not a fan of Pupusas in general so I don't have too much to say about that. But if you are at this location, you should watch how they make it. There is a window to the kitchen so you can watch the ladies make it. It's a skill.Holy moly, their tamales are incredible. I like that they are made with a soft and smooth corn meal, instead of the Mexican style of grainier corn meal. The flavor of the tamale is also really buttery, which comes from the lard?! Both the chicken and pork are good and the probably the same filling for the Pupusas. Don't forget to try their apple salad. This is a fruit based drink with diced apples . Not sure what is exactly in it but it's good...See you soon, my favorite tamales....
1	I have tried pupusas in California and the ones at this place was really disappointing and I get the feeling that people who rated the food here as good have just not had really good pupusas. I will never go back.
1	Been here a few times and it is usally good. We came here tonight and ordered Pupusas de revueltas and horchata. Well the hoechata was not the kind im used to (mexican style) and it was horrible to me. We asked the waitress for waters and she took offense to us not liking the drinks. We got past that. Our pupusas came our fairly quickly and were nice and hot. Too bad they were the wrong kind. We felt bad and didnt want to offend the lady again so we ate them. They gave us bean and cheese. I hate going to a place where you know there will be a language barrier and we came all the way across town from red rock area and we get the wrong food. We could have easily sent it back but it was hard enough to communicate the horchata ordeal. If you come here be sure to bring someone that speaks spanish or else theyll hardly talk to you and mess up your order.
4	I like this place! Friendly service and the food is YUM! Centrally located not far from the UNLV area, this is Salvadorean home cooking! The prices are really really reasonable and you get a lot.
4	The pupusas were good, the nachos were better and the staff is friendly.
2	I came here because i was starving and saw 4stars out of 50 reviewers. I think It's authentic Salvador food but I don't think it's for my taste buds. I'm so used to the usual Mexican style tamales (i got pork and chicken)The corn was super soft like they used too much water in the mix. The flavor was okay a bit bland (I used a lot of tapitio hot sauce). My husband also got chicken with cheese pupusas, it wasn't good like two stars. But the crust on the edge was good. The sauce for the pupusas was so bland and water down that I couldn't even tell what it was. The cabbage that came along with it was okay too, It was in the vinegar sauce. There wasn't really any service but they are nice. The food took awhile to come out as well. I don't think I'll come back since the food I got was watered down and bland. Hope I don't get sick x[
5	good service, the menu is hard to read the pictures dont match the menu!. place looks clean , service is great!
5	Delicious pupusas.  I had a chicken, beans, and cheese pupusa. Chicken Milanesa was very good. It takes longer than usual for food but its well worth the wait.  Ensalada de fruta drink was good. If you have a pupusa craving in Vegas this will cure it. Flan tastes as it was made from package.  Service after meal could be quicker.
4	My family and I have been eating at this location for about 8 years. Throughout this time, they have remained consistent. I am no expert on Salvadorian food, but i have had my fair share of pupusas and I prefer them from this restaurant. I also highly recommend the carne asada burrito. Will continue to revisit and recommend.
4	I just came here for the pupusas and the empanadas de platano and they were delicious!!Service is kind of slow , but it's worth the wait!
