4	For the most part, the staff here is very friendly.  The kennels are pretty packed, but that's because they are trying to save as many dogs as possible.  They keep it very clean for how many dogs they hold.  They sell Lupine brand collars and leashes at a great price, which is a nice touch.  They also have great prices on gentle leaders and easy walk harnesses.  It's nice to see that they are not trying to gouge the public on these accessories.  On top of it all, they offer many pet education classes to the public at a reasonable price with great instructors.  Thanks!
5	i got my dog, powder, at WPHS.  they kept her here for MONTHS before i adopted her.  the staff was really friendly and helpful, and powder still loves women more than anything after her several-month stay there.  after i adopted her, i took her there for follow-up wellness visits with the veterinary staff, who were knowledgeable, nice...and remembered powder!
5	This is a nonprofit that definitely constantly works as hard as it can to keep its operations going as smoothly as possible. It takes care of the hundreds of animals that come into the shelter monthly, partners with companies such as PetCo to make sure as many animals as possible find the best homes, and works at dozens of off-site and educational events a month.You will definitely never find a more dedicated staff at another shelter - the staff members often work overtime and give up their vacations if the shelter is in a pinch. The volunteers are also all amazing people, whether they work with animals in the shelter or in the community at off-site events or in therapy programs. And considering how stressful working at an animal shelter must be, I applaud the people working here who are just trying to find a home for every animal that can be saved.Open door shelters like the humane society may get a bad rap, but believe me, the humane society is just as amazing a place as local no-kill shelters, and it does just as much (if not more) work on a quarter of the budget. Lots of my friends own rescued pets that they found here, and those adoptions would never have been possible without this shelter's hard work. Two thumbs up, guys. Keep up the good work.
5	Thank you AGAIN Humane Society for giving us another wonderful cat in Kody, a friend for Dusty (our other cat) and our ferret Dokken (I'm 28 and like hair metal, deal with it). He had all his shots and checkups and everything and was good to go. The Human Society is a worthy cause that helps reduce the amount of strays out there, so even if you don't want a pet, it's a good idea to donate to them.
5	I've been volunteering & hanging with the cats recently. The staff is so friendly & they want the best for all of these precious animals. The cages are always clean and always have fresh food, water, treats, a blanket, & toys. This is a great company :)  I'm so happy to volunteer and spend time with the kitties
5	Please adopt, this is the only way shelter pets get homes. This is not a no/ kill shelter but could be if more people were compassionate and adopted instead of supporting breeders
5	I found my new furry best friend :)Jack, formerly known as Buddy, and I met last Saturday at the Pet Expo.  I saw a picture of him online and the BF and I wanted to check him out.  After speaking with WPHS, they informed us he would be at the Expo, so the BF and I drove down to check things out.As my luck would have it, when we arrived, "Buddy" was on hold for another family.  Disappointed, we decided to explore the Expo then go to the Humane Society to see other furry friends who were in need of homes.First impressions - What a LOVELY facility!!  I've volunteered in shelters and worked with pets for years now... most facilities smell like, well, pee or poo.  Not this one.  It was well lit.  It was bright and friendly.  It made you want to explore!When we walked in, we asked where we could check out dogs for adoption.  The lovely girl at the front desk pointed us in the direction.  Once we opened the door, the "greeter" aka "doggie in front of the door" began to bark.  We said hello and explored all of the kennels for our potential new friend.  As fate would have it, one of the volunteers found us and said Buddy had returned from the Expo and was released from his hold.  He was able to be adopted.  Shortly after, Buddy came home with us and became Jack.The staff at WPHS were just wonderful.  They don't want the pets to go to just anyone... the want the pets to go to the right homes.  They truly care about the animals that enter their shelter.  You can see it in the facility, in the staff, in the cats, dogs, rabbits... everyone and everything shows that the Western PA Humane Society is a quality institution.I will forever be grateful to them for my furry boy, Jack.  If you are able to volunteer, donate, or fund-raise for this no kill shelter, I suggest you do.  I know I will be :)  See you in May for the Pittsburgh Marathon weekend as I run for Team WPHS!
2	Humane society. What good are they ? I am a Pittsburgh ocal all of my life. I donate, I have adopted. I drop off supplies. I helped some kittens that were about to die. Take them there. One had a respiratory issue. (Aka sniffles). They want to "KILL" her immediately !!! Is this animal rescue ? Wth. The ONE time I need their help...Antibiotics are 6$. Really ? I will never donate a dime to them again and will share the story. Im sure the other shelters will accept my Donations, Supplies and volunteering. 6$ antibiotics vs kill the kitty. That's humane, hmmm what am I missing
5	In April of 2013 I lost my beloved Smokey at the age of 8. The very next morning I went to WPHS and fell in love with two of the sweetest kittens on this planet, Gizzie and Tater [formerly Gray].The shelter was pretty off about Gizzie's personality, though. They informed me that he was very quiet, calm, nervous and reserved. Oh if only they could see him now! Perhaps he came from a bad situation? I don't think I've ever met a louder or more talkative animal in my life and he ALWAYS wants to run around and play. When I sat with Tater in the little meet and greet room he hissed at everyone who walked by. I rarely had company over so I didn't see this as an issue if he didn't like any other humans. After about 2 months he couldn't wait to greet and love up on everyone who walks through the door! He even tolerates my neighbors 3 toddlers who constantly want to hold and pet him. The staff was very friendly and helpful with everything. Both of my boys had all of their shots and were all up to date with everything. I couldn't be happier with my best friends!
