5	I really liked my visit today... been needing professional shoes for work.  The young gal was very attentive to me and brought me shoes I had indicated I was looking for in my size.  I liked a style that they didn't carry (bummer) but could order, so she was able to order it for me and... voila! I should be getting my new Dansko pair by Wed! free shipping!  All 3 staff persons were very friendly and by no means pushy or anything of the sort.. actually very educational.  I will be back if I need to buy comfort shoes in the future.
4	My wife has foot problems.  I have knee problems.  These things have made us aware of the importance of good footwear.  But good footwear is very difficult to find.  Most shoes are pieces of crap, frankly.  No stability, no support, no shock absorption.This store specializes in shoes and sandals that do offer such support and quality.  You pay for it, but it's cheaper than suffering foot problems.  And their staff seems to knows their stuff.If you want to have healthy (pain-free) feet, you need good shoes.  And this is one of the few places you can find them.
1	I selected this retailer because their website advertised the Aerotek sandal my podiatrist recommended. It looked like a place that specialized in professional service to ensure a comfortable fit, which is just what I needed. In contrast to the image projected on-line, the sales woman was snarky and disinterested from the get-go. (There was no one in the store when I entered, she was not harried or overly-busy). She was curt and dismissive of every attempt I made to explain what I was looking for and why, cutting me off repeatedly and never making eye contact. She initially gave me about two minutes of her time and gestured to a couple sandal styles to try, and then walked away with an attitude that said take it or go away. Had to persevere, showing her other styles on display that I liked, pressing for information about which would supply the best support. Eventually had to ask about having my foot scanned, which the website hawks as a big selling point, and would presumably be the first order of business for a new customer. When I asked about the many other styles I saw on the Walking Company website, she grudgingly checked her computer (set up on the sales floor for use with customers). I selected sandals and also some walking shoes, she rang up the sale, and offered expedited delivery. I requested early delivery, mentioning I wanted the sandals ASAP. I was charged for two day delivery (on a Wednesday), and the sneakers arrived... the following Monday. No sign of the sandals that were my primary reason for shopping there. A phone call to customer service revealed that delivery of the sandals could not be expedited, as they ship from the manufacturer. The customer service rep told me the sales person should not have offered early shipping, but then declined my request for a refund of the additional charge. After I pressed her several times, she finally agreed with a surly tone. I still don't have the sandals, or have any idea if they will fit comfortably. I'm not looking forward to a repeat visit at the retail store to return them if they don't. I'll never buy there again.
