4	Smooth jazz and good food makes a night a little extra special.  This is Mike's Restaurant no longer.  Yorman has taken over and turned it into what they call "Southern Fusion".  On either Thursday, Friday, or Saturday you can listen to live jazz as you eat, played by Yorman himself and his band as well as friends from out of town who come solely to play with Yorman.The food itself was pretty tasty.  My lamb shank was fall off the bone tender and the sweet mashed potatoes were melt in your mouth.  The Chick Corea was wonderfully tender.  The Hanna Bay Rum Runner - chicken encrusted in pecan served in a sweet rum sauce - was alright, although I thought it would have been much better.  And it wasn't served in a sweet rum sauce...the waitress claims the chef drizzled it on top, but it came rather dry.Dessert came in the form of homemade peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream made by Yorman's wife herself.  Tasty little number.All in all, the prices were decent, service was good.  What gives that extra star was the live jazz.  I think if I had gone on a regular night this place would have received three stars.
3	Been here at least 3 times in the afternoon and evenings.  The food was 'so-so'.  The first time I was there, I had lunch with friends and the place was pretty empty but it took a while for our food to be served and my turkey sandwich wasn't really worth the $7.  The next time I was @ Yorman's, was for a networking event and there were a variety of interesting pizzas served as appetizers--BBQ chicken (tasty), cheese (decent), I think there may have been a meat type of pizza too but can't recall.  The one pizza that was actually pretty foul was the seafood pizza with lobster and shrimp and a white cream sauce.  It was so bad my sister who has an undiscerning appetite for ANYTHING said "This is disgusting".  I agreed and thought what a tragic waste of lobster and shrimp.On a positive note, I did enjoy hearing Yorman 'practice' on a Thursday night.  He even invited a woman that he knew to sing during a few sets.  It was fun and he even took requests from the audience.  Perhaps my meal misfortunes will be corrected next time.  I refuse to give up entirely on this place b/c it's one of the few places in Surprise where you can actually listen to a live band.  In addition, Yorman and his wife are pretty hospitable, so I definitely won't give up on them just yet....
5	Sadly enough this restaurant closed.  I really enjoyed both their lunch and dinner service and they had a Reuben sandwich to die for.  I began to get concerned about them when I realized that nearly every time I was there the restaurant was empty.  I figured they just had a raging weekend business, but alas it was not to be.  Here's to Yorman and his wife, they were always gracious hosts, and the food was first class.  I wish them well and hope they come back soon!
1	This place shut down because it took 90 minutes to get an appetizer even when it was empty.
