4	Dr. Bruce Bedrick and his team are doing a great job with Village Health.  I've been on several occasions and I've been impressed and more importantly, felt great after each visit!  I initially went to Dr Bruce after several friends recommended him when I was having some excruciating pain in my foot and ankle.  Since then, I've gone to see him for soft tissue work on my quad and IT band, pain in my neck/shoulder area, as well as just gone for deep tissue massage.  (Jen is the only massage therapist I've been to, but she is amazing!)The team is really friendly and great about confirming appointments and getting you in when you need it.  They will also work with your insurance if you'd like them to.  Go see Dr. Bruce if you are considering a chiropractor... I haven't seen him for Chronic Allergy Elimination but I know he handles that too.  It's a holistic approach to healing at Village Health... I wish I had the time to go more than I do, but I feel like every little bit counts.If you aren't into chiropractors but just want a really great massage, go see Jen at Village Health too - and tell her i sent you :)  To my knowledge, it's only $40 for a 60 minute massage - such a deal!
5	I came here after winning a gift certificate from a Yelp event not to long ago at the Breakfast Joynt.  Things have been busy, and I finally got around to making an appointment.When I did call, the girl at the desk was warm and friendly.  She gave me a few options on a few different days, and I settled in on Friday July 3rd for my appt.The place itself is attached to Golds Gym.  It has its own enterance, but also has an enterance from the gym.  FYI-If you have to go to the bathroom, you actually need to use the gyms restrooms and cut through the lockerroom to do so.  After filling out paperwork, I got a tour of the place.  Its warmly decorated and relaxing.  Blues and browns, which was pleasing to my eyes.  I got a tour of the place to!  The girl at the reception desk was nice and very helpful.  She showed me around and offered me some water.  Eventually, Liz came out and told me she would be giving me a massage.  She was really nice!  She made me feel comfy right away.  She did a brief consult, asking me where my problem areas were, and asked what kind of massage I wanted.  Being that I am not fluid in massage speak, I told her that I didnt want to be broken in half and to just work out the knots.  The massage itself was really relaxing.  I tend to get a pinched nerve in my back and she worked on that for a while which helped a lot.  Plus, working a desk job makes my back sore anyways. Came to find out Liz is a personal trainer as well!  Yippie!Anyways, my massage was up and I left.  I would return in a heartbeat.  They told m that they have a thing for new members where massages are $40 for 40 days after your first massage.  But, whats the price after that?  I didnt look to hard, but I didnt see any prices on thier website about it, but I would come back here in a heartbeat.  I really enjoyed my experience here!  Thank you!!
5	I was referred here by a co-worker that raved how Proformance uses my company's insurance. I go to the Gold's Gym next door but never knew what this place was about. I went in, scheduled an appt, was shown the facility and was explained how the process works with my insurance. My appt was a few days ago and I had an hour massage with Heather. She was extremely friendly and asked if I had any problems areas I'd like her to work on. My massage was great...I am still itching to go back for my next massage. I made sure to tip Heather but other than that, there was no out of money costs. If you have insurance that covers chiropractic services and massage therapy, it is definitely worth checking this place out!
5	This is a great place for both chiropractic work and therapeutic and massages.  I've been going for 3+ years.
5	Fantastic place, with relaxing healing atmosphere.  I purchased a groupon here for some massages and I'm glad I did.  I divorced my previous spa and after using up my groupon i think I may doing a prepaid option.  Yes, they have prepaid specials here so you can save some $$.  Staff is wonderful, my massage therapist has been administering trigger point and doesn't upsell me for it.  I appreciate it in the age of never ending upsell.  She also gives me after massage tips and is not afraid to apply some good pressure.  This is an issue for us males, who encounter therapists afraid of pressure.  I left sore after my first massage, but it was a good sore, and in combination with my physical therapist, I'm making slow but sure progress on my injury.  Proformance is my first stop for my massage needs.
5	Awesome experience! Will be back again for sure!
5	The best.  I've been a massage fanatic for about 20 years and for the price and professionalism Proformance is great.  Started by trying it out with a Groupon nearly 2 years ago and have been getting the "package" deals for regular massages since then. Great staff, always helpful, and Richie is terrific, finds and works out the tension and knots. Feels so good and helps me stay pain free.
5	I love Richie, been seeing him for 5 years and he is really amazing.  So inexpensive also!FaithEstheticsbyfaith.com
