5	BoCa7 is an exotic Vietnamese restaurant that offers the traditional specialty of 7 courses of beef and fish.  As soon as you enter the space, you are enveloped in a sea of red... from the red orbs of light from above to the red mosaic tiling on the walls.  This place has a very bright and friendly feel while still maintaining a sense of the exotic.The food is also fabulous--they offer a variety of dishes other than the 7 courses of beef and fish option.  Being a fan of red meat, I tried the cubed beef tenderloin with garlic and onions--this is served with a watercress salad and rice.  The slightly sweet and peppery marinated meat simply melts in your mouth.  We also ordered one of the house specialties, the crispy skin oven roasted whole Catfish sprinkled with crushed peanuts, scallions, and carmelized onions. This dish is phenomenal and unlike any fish that I have had.  What I really enjoyed was the crispiness of the skin.  The Catfish meat was also very soft and delicate.  The dish is served with rice paper, mints, mixed greens, green banana and apple slices, and bean sprouts which you use to wrap the fish in.  They also serve a variety of traditional desserts and specialty drinks, such as freshly squeezed coconut juice with lime.It opened its doors just about two weeks ago and if the food is this good now, it can only get better.  It was late Saturday night when I dined here, and there were still a number of patrons in the restaurant.  If you want to try some non-typical Vietnamese food in a friendly, chill environment, this is a great pick.
5	I just moved to Arizona from San Diego where there are a lot of good  Vietnamese's food, and I was eager to find a good place here. I found Bo Ca 7 through yelp and I'm not disappointed at all! This is one of the nicest Vietnamese restaurant that I have ever been to. Decor : 5 stars Atmosphere and music selection: 5star, it's a blend of slow Vietnamese music and soft rock. I was just so happy that it's not those cheesy 80's music every VN restaurant play. Service : 5 stars, okay, for a vietnamese joint it's super !  they actually refilled my water, came out and ask me what else i needed. it's actually so nice here i felt embarrass about screaming " table for two please" at the waitress from across the room. you can't blame me if you've been to a typical vietnamese restaurant. Food : Now this is the most important part.  4 1/2 star, I thought that the food was very good. Not the best that i have tasted, but it's very clean and very fresh. my husband ordered a Chao Ca which is  fish congee or porridge. It was a nice size, very good ,but it looks very plain. Usually we get a side dish of bean sprouts, lemon, and some cilantro; but it didn't have that. We had to ask for it. which is fine, but for those people who never had it before they would be missing out on the veggie side dish which i think is very important in vietnamese cuisine. I ordered the rice with fried fish and house sauce. when they first brought it out i thought that's it? to my surprise that's just perfect, really light and fresh suitable for a summer day. pricing: it's a bit more than most Vietnamese joint but it's about the same if you had gone to a Thai Restaurant. i would gladly pay for the service and atmosphere here.in the end i left this place really please !!! count on me to be a regular!!
5	If I could give this place 10 stars, I would. Boca 7 is like a paradise of color walking through the doors. Rich reds, blacks, and golds. You can tell the decor was well thought out and executed. Walking through the doors to see this wasn't something I expected to see in Mesa or Arizona in general. The decor alone stood out as being on par with high end restaurants you see in larger cities. I shared the 7 course beef meal for two. The 1st course was a beef salad with a sweet vinegar type sauce and rice type crackers. The tastes and textures alone stood out as something very unique and different. The second course came with rice paper, thinly sliced beef, and an array of vegetables and herbs to create your own spring rolls. They brought out a pot of boiling vinegar liquid (it's good!) to cook the beef in. The rest of the dishes were fabulous as well. The wait staff was extremely attentive and very nice. VERY VERY nice! They went above and beyond any restaurant I've been to in a really long time. One of the waitresses showed us how to eat and prepare everything since we were new and didn't know much. The entire experience was personable and inviting. I ordered a Vietnamese black coffee without sugar as well. It definitely tasted french pressed and was the best coffee I've had at a restaurant. I was in heaven. The owner came over to us multiple times throughout the meal and asked how everything was. She was so nice & you could really tell they truly gave an immense amount of attention to excellent service, decor, and presentation. I'd highly recommend this place to everyone!!
5	This place was great in every aspect;  food, decor, service, and price.We did their 7 course beef meal for two and were pleasantly surprised.  Each dish was very different and unique employing a wide variety of very fresh ingredients and taste combination.  It was the perfect amount of food for two people, bordering on too much.Service was spot on.  Very attentive, friendly, helpful, and very knowledgeable about their dishes and how they are traditionally consumed.  I am anxious to return and try their 7 course fish dinner.
4	This place is pretty cute, good happy hour prices (4-7, 9-close), and tasty food. I had never had vietnamese before, and I was pleasantly surprised. The wait staff is a bit annoying (they kept coming to the table every 2-3 minutes or so), but other than that, definitely a good find.The only weird thing is if you sit in the back area of the restaurant on the right, you look into a grocery store with bright lights and shoppers...it's a bit odd for a nicely appointed little restaurant.
5	I ate at Bo Ca 7 again on my weekend trip to Phoenix.  It was as yummy as it was the first time.  We decided to dine outdoors since there was a loud graduation party happening inside with some not so happening music.  We ordered the freshly pressed sugarcane and kumquat juice which kept us cool and the thinly sliced beef that you cook yourself in heated vinegar and then wrap with lettuce, mints, and rice paper.  Everything was delicious and the atmosphere was lively, yet relaxed (since we sat outside).  Too bad it's so HOT in Arizona!
3	New and different - My parents brought me here for my birthday lunch 3 weeks ago. They had been there before and they really liked it, so they thought they'd bring me back. The decor was pretty trendy, but a bit too much at times. The service was decent. I was given free fried ice cream for my birthday. The server said when she first asked the owner if she could give me free ice cream, the owner said no. Then the server told her my parents had been in before, and she changed her mind. I think that shows a bit of poor customer service. We ordered both the fish and beef 7 course meal. Both of the meats were really flavorful on their own. They also give you a regular sauce or the "special" sauce which is the one I like. Wrapping my meal up in the rice paper was pretty difficult, and it definitely teased my messy food phobia a little. Due to the distance from my parents' house, I probably won't be making it back to this place any time soon.
5	This is right now my favorite restaurant. It is hard to think of all the reasons why I like it. 1. On Friday and Saturday they are open till MIDNIGHT! and till 10 on other days. They also host events and parties. They have Happy hour from like 3 or 4 -7 which means half off appetizers and all alcoholic drinks. Their appetizers are meals in themselves so this is really a great deal seeing that they are all 3.95 regularly so around 2 dollars at happy hour. Their cocktails are already pretty cheap at like I think 6 dollars, and 3 at happy hour. They also have beer, I forget which types. All of the cocktails I have had are very tasty. Almost all of their food is under 9 dollars, averaging around 7-8 dollars. Everything that I have tried has been amazing, well cooked and very well presented, their portion sizes are the average Asian food portion which is a lot and each meal looks and tastes like they really took time to perfect what they were making. The store is always clean, and the service is so friendly, more like an American food restaurant rather than the reserved waiters you usually get in Asian restaurants. The ambiance is great, they keep the music at a good volume and seem to always be playing different stations which is fun. Most importantly to me is it is very vegetarian friendly. They have a part of the menu for vegetarians, with things like vegetarian curry, Tamarind Soy fish, or lemongrass soy chicken. It is great to be able to go in and order something unique rather than getting another stir fried vegi or tofu plate (as much as I love them it gets boring!) Their vegetarian meals are very well made, they don't make you feel like you are eating a substitute they feel like real meals. My boyfriend and my new favorite meal of all time is their Pan fried rice cakes, it is a sort of omelet with fried rice cakes that kind of have the consistency of hash browns or something, it is to die for (and only 2 dollars for a whole plate if you go during happy hour).
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! We had a coupon from restaruant.com. We went at about 1:30pm and the place was empty. We were immediately greeted and seated. They brought over water with cucumber in it. I love that. We ordered the Bot Chien (pan-fried rice cake). It was wonderful. It is served with a yummy soy dipping sauce and it really hit the spot. We ordered the Chicken Curry and the Tamarind Shrimp. The Chicken Curry is fabulous! It is a bight yellow broth with sweet potatoes, potatoes, carrots, onions and chicken. I think I might become addicted. I did have to add a little chili sauce...I like things spicy. The Tamarind Shrimp looked beautiful and was served with the heads on. This dish is kind of sweet, so I dipped them in the chili sauce. The only complaint I have is that the shrimp are not cleaned (aka full of poop) and they are very hard to peel. I think I would try something new next time. The service was spot on the entire time! The restaurant is very clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was spotless and actually smelled good. They have Happy Hour form 3-7pm and again from 9pm-close, Monday - Friday. With half price booze and starters. I will definitely be back to try that! I think this is the start of a beautiful friendship...
4	The decor is very trendy, but I don't go to most restaurants because of the decor.  The food was very good and I would definitely come back.  I hear they have a live band every other week.
5	I won't write much, because I would only be repeating what has been said here already. We tried Boca 7 today and shared the 7 course beef dinner. There was so much food, and the service was so wonderful, I kept wondering if I had read the menu right--was this $29.95 total or $29.95 per person? Well, our total bill, including drinks, came out to only $36.00! Great food, great service, and excellent prices. As an extra bonus, we discovered a very inexpensive Filipino/Hawaiian grill in the Mekong Plaza food court afterwards.
5	I went for happy hour today (3-7pm). We ordered Lychee martinis that were $3.00 each. They were made with a good vodka and Lychee liquor with two Lychee fruits on a skewer. They were strong and great! We ordered the beef and vegetarian spring rolls ($2.00 each). The portions were HUGE! The beef is the way to go, the veg was a little bland compared to the beef. I really like this place. It is a great spot to stop before shopping at Mekong. Rock on Boca 7!
4	My last visit to Arizona left a bad taste in the mouth (or none at all), but this surprising hole in the wall erased my mediocre meals from the past. Our group had about 20 people, and even though there were only 3 or 4 waiters working that night, they really worked hard to get everyone's order right and freshly served. For the price, this place really delivers. I had the chicken curry soup with rice which hit the spot! It wasn't as spicy as expected, which was a good thing since I'm still working up my spice tolerance. Hopefully the next time I'm in town my friends will want to come back for seconds!
