5	My friend Kristen works here as a piercer, so I got to hang out with some of the staff recently.  They are all super cool people, and from the looks of it, they all excel as their jobs.  I'm not pierced or tattooed, but if I was, this would definitely be the first place I would go.  Haven't heard of one complaint yet from the people that have gotten their work done here.
5	My boyfriend and I were determined to get a tattoo in Vegas, however, I had neglected to bring my drawing with me so I was pretty unprepared.  We showed up around 11:15PM and were stoked to find out that they were open until 2:00AM.  I'm kicking myself in the butt for not getting the name of the tattoo artist, but his little area was the first one when you walk in the door.  He ruled.They let me go online and print up the tattoo drawing that my sister had done and I gave him creative freedom with the layout and the colors.  He did my boyfriend first and then me and the tattoo artist just cracked us up!  He was playing 80's cover music on his iPod and just had a fantastic attitude.HIGHLY recommended and would for sure go back again for a cover up that I want to get.
4	My friend no longer works for this shop, so I can't give them a full 5 stars.
5	My friend and I were in town on vacation, and she made an appointment here.  I, on the other hand, figured I'd take my chances if I worked up the courage.  And when d-day arrived, Oz was available to help me.  I told him the elements I wanted, and he worked up a sketch for me.  We talked about our shared fear of needles (lol...a tattoo artist scared of needles), and he told some stories to ease the tension.  It was over before I knew it, and I was so happy with the tattoo!  Can't wait to go back!
5	Aww...bummer days.  I went back to the shop and the guy who did mine last time wasn't there.  There was, however, someone sleeping on the couch and when I told him I wanted my kids' names (3 of them) in non-serif font that's about an inch high and 1 1/2" wide he proudly told me it would be a nice charge of $250.Uh...wtf?He proceeded to let me know that I can look at his book and see the work he does.  I wasn't doubting his work at all - I just thought it was highway robbery to want to charge me $250 for 19 small ass letters.Ah well - I'll still give them 5 stars for homeboy (I STILL don't remember his name) that did my tat on my first visit...but then secretly, in my head, I'll give homeslice sleeping on the couch a 1 for at least having the decency to sit up 1/2 way through the conversation.
5	Just an FYI - I will absolutely return to this shop and recommend others...Just because someone wasn't having a good tattoo'ing day doesn't mean it ruined my impressions of them at all. :-)
5	I am so unbelievably satisfied with the tattoo I got. Nick was absolutely incredible, the guy's brilliant. Service with a smile, super clean, really just an awesome place. I felt comfortable from moment one. There's also a burger king next door, so if you're hungry you can grab food there.24 hour tattoo parlor that is really fucking good. I'm surprised, happy, and would recommend this place to anybody.
5	I was on an anniversary vacation when I had a mishap with my nose piercing. Long story short, the stud got yanked up into the edge of my nostril and the flat back was completely buried in my nose. Precious Slut was the only place open in the morning who also had a piercer available. I went in and met with Liz (who has some great piercings herself). She looked at my nose and knew exactly what to do and after getting cleaned up she had me fixed up in under a minute. Our fee was only $5 for her to glove up, but we tipped an extra $20 since we didn't have to go to the ER and she saved my piercing!I can't speak to the tattoo artists but I felt very safe and comfortable working with Liz. The shop looked very clean, was well lit, and was in a much more savory location than some of the other places we drove by.  A+!
5	This place was recommended to me by a local when I was in Vegas. I am so glad I went here. My experience was great. Osker did a fantastic job, especially since this was my 1st tattoo and it was big - took 5 hours in total. I even left my phone in the cab on the way to the place, and while I was being tattooed, they tracked down the cab company, called the cabbie back to the shop, and I got my phone back. Cannot say enough good things about Precious Slut. Highly recommended!
5	Just got back from our trip to Vegas with my husband and our good friends. I had been wanting another tattoo and thought it would be fun to get it in Vegas. So teasing my husband and our friends I say "are we all going to get tattoos while we are there?" I was surprised when everyone said yes! We decided to wait until our last day so we could have a chance to site see and spend some time at the pool. Late in the day we grabbed a taxi with the CRAZIEST  driver ever. Headed out to a shop I had read about online. Glad the driver waited because we were turned away since we didn't have an appt and there was no way they could do one tattoo, let alone 4 people  The taxi driver  calls a place that a friend had recommend and got the same answer...can't take 4 people. So this taxi driver calls his dispatch and has her looking up Tattoo shops. The first one is Precious Slut, he calls them up. We had heard of them and had seen their shop in Santa Barbara. They said come on down, no problem. We head on over being forced to listen to Britney Spears the whole way ugh! I'm not sure who was more excited about the tattoos, us or this crazy driver. We pull up in front, he jumps out, goes in, introduces himself. We all head into the shop to check it out. Everyone was super friendly. The shop is super clean. I had an idea of what I wanted, I explained it to Aaron, we found what I was talking about online. He printed it up and added a little bit to it. An hour or so later I have a new tattoo on my back that I LOVE. Aaron you are AWESOME!! Everyone else was still deciding what they wanted. Their artists were also helpful with suggestions on colors and designs. Jask did a great job on my husband and Tricky took care of our friends matching tattoos. We are already talking about our next trip. I would definitely recommend this shop!!
5	I decided to pay Aaron at Precious Slut to torture me by tattooing three flowers on my ribcage. What was I thinking? Sure, I had other tattoos (this was my 9th) but my ribcage? Ouch. So painful. I took photos of flowers when I was on vacation and brought them in for Aaron to see, he also did research on the internet to ensure he was drawing up the exact flowers I wanted. 11 hours later (divided between 3 sittings) it was complete. Aaron took my vision and made it a reality. So worth the pain. 6 months later, and I couldn't be happier with my tattoo. My flowers pop with the perfect colors and they still look as vibrant as the day he finished them. I am already planning what I will have Aaron torture me with next...
5	I breezed through Vegas. I was there for just over 12 hours with my dad on a road trip and I knew I wanted a tattoo. Years and years(and years) ago, while in Isla Vista, a guy handed me a business card for a tattoo shop he had just opened. It read Precious Slut. I thought the name was awesome and ended up keeping the card(its in the dark recesses of my hope chest...) Three days before the trip, I googled "All Night Tattoos Vegas" and what do you know; Precious Slut in LV is 24 hours. Awesome. After the ACDC concert, we headed over to the shop. It was around midnight and there was no one else in the shop. Aaron took care of me. I told him what I wanted(a quote) and he drew it up quickly. It was exactly what I had pictured. He and my dad made a lot of jokes at my expense(I was clearly in pain) which made me feel at ease, actually. He immediately made me feel comfortable by joking around with me. Super nice guy. AMAZING tattoo artist. An hour later, I had an gorgeous tattoo on my foot and he recommended I follow up with Aquaphor, which kept my pain to a minimum(I was on the back of a harley for the next 2 days) and healed it up completely in about 2 weeks. My friends and I are planning a trip in September and I cant wait to go back!The only down side, for me, was the price. For the quote "Live Fast. Love Hard. Die Young" to be places on my foot, it cost me 200 dollars. I have a larger piece on my back and that was actuall cheaper. Oh well, everything is more expensive in Vegas.
5	I went in for session #4 on my ribs last weekend. I thought after session #3 we were done, and my ribs looked fabulous... But I decided I wanted some more leaves added to the flowers. Yay for 3 more hours of torture! At least Aaron seemed like he was having fun with it... Aaron is still as great to work with as ever, but he has become quite busy these days! If you want to see him specifically, make an appointment. If you plan on walking in, one of the other great tattoo artists at Precious will be helping you instead.Please note that like many tattoo shops, they have a minimum. However, while many 'tourist tat shops' are charging $150-200 as a minimum, $60 is the minimum here...
5	Best shop I've ever been in.  I've gotten 7 tattoos at all of Slut's locations, along with my wife and kids as well.Super clean, super cool staff, top notch talent.
4	My buddy Aaron started working here and I still had about 30 hours of work left, so I became real comfortable hanging out there. while there, I like to observe peoples sterility. I have a degree in medical sciences and I value sterility. This shop follows good protocol and doesn't let people contaminate the place.SEWL aka Aaron just moved to san diego. but I feel comfortable sending friends to the slut still, just hook up with an artist that suites your style and needs.
5	Went and got my septum pierced; Ryan was extremely personable, professional, and friendly.Will definitely be coming back, and I highly recommend this place for anyone who wants a piercing.
5	I am finally on my way to having a tattoo I can actually show with pride.  Being a street rat in my youth I have several tattoos by my friends who were budding tattoo artists... BIG MISTAKE!!  I have been wanting to get them covered for years but have been to afraid to get them covered for fear they would just end up worse.  I decided it was time to just do it and planned it for my Birthday. Been researching and checking out shops and artists since we moved here 9 months ago... Found & like Jask's art on the Precious Slut website, went in and met him and hit it off.  Told him what I wanted and he went to work drawing up an original piece for me.  We just finished the first of many sessions and I couldn't be happier!!  The lines are clean and the design is unique and meaningful!  Jask was super patient changing things as I tried to communicate what I wanted.  Very relaxed atmosphere.  The real deal.
2	There was a long wait. Not sure why because there was one customer being helped and about four guys sitting around.After waiting for about an hour, I was told I couldn't get the tattoo I wanted on my ear because they were too small. Then when I asked if that tattoo could be done on my hand, I was told my hands were too small. All I wanted was a Hello Kitty bow, size-wise, smaller than a quarter.But whatever. I was ready to spend some money and the artist just shrugged and said "oh well".
1	My friends and i had a turn around to Vegas for some sushi and a tattoo.  We went to Precious Slut and i just wanted a heart the size of a dime. I looked at the artists portfolio and it seemed like he did good work.  he left my heart tattoo so effed up.  some areas are darker that others, a spot wasn't filled in, and it's over all a horrible tattoo.
5	$40 for a Monroe is not bad:D Ryan did an awesome job!
3	24 hour tattoo and piercing shop..There are some talented tattoo artists here, and some very good piercers.  For piercing definitely talk to Peter, he's done all of my work and he's a very easy going and informed guy.  Depending on when you come in, the wait can be long, but that's a good sign; a wait means people want to get work done.  If you have an issue with potentially waiting a while, make an appointment.  If you don't mind waiting, the taco stand next door has the best tacos I've ever had, so hit that up.
5	Had a tattoo that needed to be covered. I went to 5 different places looking to see what could be done and was glad I stopped in to see Jask.  He was the only artist that got creative, took my idea and made it so much more. He cared about giving me what I wanted as well as the quality of work he done. I believe Jask is the BEST tattoo artist in Las Vegas! Excellent work, very professional, creative, & experienced! I will be a return customer! I love my new tattoo!!!
4	After reading reviews for local shops around town settled on this place. Took hubby in to get his koi fish tattoo that he has been wanting to get for a while. Marcus did his outline and he will go back to him to get it colored-reasonable price. He even drew up my tattoo that I want to get on my foot when I am able to get in there and get it done in the next month or so. Big, clean shop off the strip-we are fans. Steve loves his tattoo and we are looking forward to getting it colored in-thanks Marcus! :)
2	The guy was nice but it was 2am and although he was thoroughly clean his work was less than satisfactory
3	In Vegas for the weekend, we decided to get tattoos on a whim.  The two gals I was with reported having good experiences.  I have not seen their tattoos in the two years since they got them so I can't report on that.  We showed up after midnight (24 hours) and were the only customers.  Even then it seemed like they didn't really want to deal with us.  We had an idea in mind for somthing matching that represented our time in the service on the same ship...but all of our artists sent us straight to the flash gallery.  It was highly disappointing not being able to get something custom.  Granted, we didn't have appointments, but military related art is pretty common so the level of customization should've been minimal.  We all three ended up getting something different.  I picked a simple brightly colored flower on my shoulder.  Aside from his poor chair side conversation skills...my guy had a seriously heavy hand (I'm not a virgin).  The lines were solid and the cover up (covered a very very small jailhouse initial) was good...but my color bled out constantly for four days straight mixed with blood.  It's been two years and almost all of the seed coloring (orange and yellow) is absolutley gone.  White is gone, and bright blue filling looks 20 years old.  I'm so disappointed at having to get this touched up so very soon, and have really lost my sense of trust so I'm scared to even go in.  Yeah, it's Vegas...yeah, it's 24 hours...yeah, it has a cool name...but it is just another shop people.
5	just got my tattoo here and it looks amazing!! it was also VERY affordable!! :] i will definitely be coming back to get the rest of stuff i want to get :D
1	I actually never got to the point of actually getting anything done.  This place acts like they are doing you a favor by being there and lets be honest, Vegas has it's fair share of great places to get piercings done.  I'd rather go to a place with good service and no attitude.  Where the people are knowledgeable and know what they are doing.
5	Thank you Ashley and Sean you guys are very friendly and professional.
5	Just got another tattoo done here, both times i went to marcus and he has done an amazing job, I've also talked to him about other stuff i wanted and he said he could draw it up no problem! I can't wait to go back and get my next tattoo!!
4	I really like this place! Open all the time makes it super convenient :) I also like the prices which were reasonable. Christian was really nice and patient. He also did a great job! Going back for sure =D
5	Look for Sandy!! She;s the best:)
5	Ask for Dave. Freehand artist/ primarily. Great customer service as well. 2 tattoos so far (different sessions) and both times I was satisfied with the shop environment. Good music (usually) and good work. Great job guys!
5	Got my sister her very first tattoo here. We don't do well with schedules so we walked in around 4PM on a Sunday, receptionist set is up with Sandy and she did a fantastic job. Price wasnt as bad as I expected and the quality was awesome... it is however just a tiny bit unfinished, but that is of no fault to Precious Slut or anyone, really. About 2 hours into the tattoo, freakish winds and rain knocked the power out a few times, each time was only a quick blink, but the last time it happened, there was no electricity on the entire block for more than an hour. And it was our patience that gave up before Sandy.
5	After going to 3 different shops we ended up where should have gone in the first place. I got a tragus piercing and the piercer was super sweet and made me feel comfortable. Everything was sanitary and I was given clear after care instructions.
1	My first encounter was good despite the artist being new...today was a different story. The head artist said my work was "shitty" and wouldn't take a look at what had already been done at THIS shop. Terrible customer service!
1	I came here a couple years ago for a cover up. I had a guy named goofy doing the tattoo. He seemed like a nice guy and his artwork was good. However, he ended up writing down my tattoo as costing 200 bucks and then accepting well over an extra 200 in tips. Apparently, he needed the money in order to skip town. We did a session and then he bounced and left me with half a tattoo. I went back to precious slut to explain what the guy had done to me and they refused to help me fix it.
2	I just got a tatoo with 3 initials and a heart, it was very small and no detail at all. They quoted me $60 for probably a $20 tattoo. I went to pay with credit/debit they said they take it but prefer cash and was going to make me go to 711 next store to get it, really? When he placed it on my wrist I asked for it to be just a little larger and he said that would cost me more. They are crazy. CUstomer service was just BLAH!. I would have walked out and went down the street if I wasnt so tired and just wanted to get it done. Would not go back to this place
4	If you have dermals learn about them. Be smart and get them done at a place that is legal to do them! This place IS the place and Jay takes piercing seriously. That is what you want. Don't change your dermals on your own spend the $5 ( plus tip) and get it gone right. Any questions they will gladly help you and help to inform you which is most important.
4	Went tonight with some coworkers to get piercings on a spur of the moment kind of thing (meaning sitting in a bar and making hasty decisions!). Staff here is super friendly and super helpful! Such a great experience. After speaking to one of the tattoo artists there, I'll definitely be back for more work.
1	They were rude as hell when I went in there they looked at me like I was a dumb blonde Barbie I told him I wanted the other side of my lip pierced to match exactly my other one he used way bigger jewelry and nothing close to the one that i have on the other side I know how to take care of piercings the side of my lip was still swollen after 3 days I went to a nice experienced piercer and he was shocked that it was still like that and crooked I tipped him very well even though he was an ass don't go here not even to get your ears pierced be smart and go to jungle zone and see Jordan or go to red handed gallery and see Peter
3	Besides the racist joke about all single mothers are black, my nipple piercing went fairly quickly. They hurt like hell but I like it.
5	So me and my friends were in Vegas on 7/16-7/18 and we decided to get a tattoo went to a few shops they all seem very overpriced and very douchey. Searching around on yelp we found precious slut tattoo in Las Vegas. For the piece I wanted most of the shop said it was going to be around 250 to 300. Went here you guys did it for 150. My artist was Jake he took care of me great. I was on the chair for about 2 hours. Tattoo came out wonderful it was a great experience Jake really knew what he was doing. I was really pleased and excited about the experience I had here. He worked with me on the price and since they did it for so much less I feel like the quality was even better. I tipped him 40 bucks. The shop is clean and sterile. I will definitely be back to the tattoo shop to get more ink. thank you for my black mamba Jake see you again in the future.
3	I went in and got a small tat behind my ear done by artist Dave Mosley, I came out and the next day wanted to get it removed smdh so what does that say? and the only reason they received 3 stars is because the man receptionist was nice.
4	I went in for a septum piercing and Jay was my piercer. Nice guy, he explained how to take care of it and it wasn't even painful for me. Everything he used was sterile and he seemed like a professional at what he does. The price was a reasonable $40 + I gave a tip. I just wish their parking area was a little bigger. Overall good place for piercings.
5	Went to see Mose recently for some work on my ankle - very professional!  Highly recommend this place and the artist.  Just go - you won't be disappointed.
5	I'm so glad that I came here. I'm really happy with my nose piercing. :)Initially, I was supposed to get it at a different shop but their piercing guy went out of town unexpectedly so, my friend and I came here instead.Their shop looked very clean and organized. The person who pierced my nose is Jay. I highly reccommend him. He mentioned that he has been piercing for 25 years. He is very knowledgable and explained to me in detail about the aftercare and proper healing. He was very friendly, funny and laid back but also professional at the same time. If I decide to get another piercing, I'm definitely coming back here.
5	This review is coming from a chic who has actually driven to a piercing shop with the intention of getting pierced, walked in, got attitude from grumpy staff, felt incredibly uncomfortable and driven away. That did not happen here. I recently visited this place after deciding to have a surface piercing done again. My first experience with a dermal in the past was incredibly painful and the piercing rejected soon after. It is hard to find someone who can do these type of piercings confidently I've found. As soon as I drove up, I noticed the guys behind the counter were already smiling and awaiting me eagerly. I can honestly say that this was one of the most friendly customer service experiences I've had in general but for a Tattoo/Piercing shop especially. The guys at the counter went out of their way to help me with my purchases and made me felt welcomed. They were very attentive and down to earth. When I met my piercer, he was confident in his skills, friendly and made me feel comfortable too. I highly recommend him. His name was Christian. When the surface bar piercing was done, I was pleasantly surprised at how painless it was. I had expected alot more discomfort due to my previous experience with someone who clearly had no idea how to pierce the more advanced stuff. I will definitely make the trip across town again and ask for the same piercer the next time I get the urge.
