4	I've been a resident here for almost 3 years, and I've been pleased with my time here.  First off, location is great for Scottsdale within walking distance to Sandbar, California Pizza Kitchen, At One Yoga, and a gas station, and plenty of other options within driving distance.  Approximately 10 minutes to both Kierland Commons, North, and Scottsdale Fashion Square, South.  My specific apartment is on the 2nd (top) floor, and the high ceiling and sky light make the living room fill with natural light.   We pay an average price for the area, 1100/month, and that's after 2 years of raising it.  I have always, always, always felt safe there, which is important for a single woman in her 20's.  There are 3 pools on site too.  As far as office/management, Karen is firm and can come across as harsh, but she is just doing her job.  Maintenance is AMAZING - after several days of my key sticking in the lock I called maintenance and in less than 30 minutes I had someone come up, look at the problem, get a new lock part, and fix it!  Good service, helpful attitude.  Only negatives would be parking on the weekend and that they don't accept UPS packages anymore, so you have to go to the Post Office to get them.  Annoying.  It's also noisy on the occassional Friday or Saturday night - but never bad enough that I couldn't sleep.
5	I don't expect much out of an apartment complex... lets be honest... we all had negative experiences that just make us hope for the essentials and that the staff will somewhat acknowledge your existence past routine notes taped to your door. That was my mentality before I moved into Acacia and I am SO GLAD that I live here!! It is amazing! Between four years of college and four years of post college, I have lived in approximately 8 apt complexes in 3 states and Acacia Creek is the BEST overall!!! First and foremost, the staff and maintenance are just absolutely outstanding. If you have a request, they will tend to it immediately. They remember your name and call just to touch base and make sure things are okay. They are very respectful of your privacy and the grounds always stay clean and maintained. The complex is fairly quiet... and I don't even see my neighbors very often but it seems like more professional couples, young adults and singles... though there are some families with young children as well. There are 3 pools, and 1 is heated, a decent sized gym and lots of uncovered parking. (and a recycling bin!!!) The location is great! It's just South of Scottsdale and Shea, on Gold Dust Avenue. Lots of things within walking distance grocery stores (Fresh and Easy, Safeway), bars and restaurants (Baja Bar, Eddies, Chop and Wok, Indulge Burger, Dennys, Oregenos), and two pharmacies. It's about 10 minutes to Old Town and Kierland Commons, approx 5-7 minutes to the 51 and 5-7 minutes to the 101. The apts are nice. We live in a 2 bdrm/ 2 bath corner unit on the 2nd floor (top floor) with a fireplace and a HUGE patio (approx 7x15!). It has a nice skylight and an entire wall of windows. One design flaw I noticed is that there's only one AC vent in the living room area, while there are 3 in the master bedroom which is half the size. It does take a long time for the living room to cool down on the hot days (esp being a top floor, corner unit with lots of exposure to the afternoon sun). But the walls are 2 toned with a nice beige accent wall in every room, including the bathrooms. The master has a large walk in closet and lots of storage. There is also a full sized washer and dryer. The appliances are older Hotpoints, but they work well so no real complaints outside of aesthetic purposes. Overall, if you are looking for an affordable option in the heart of Scottsdale, or you are new to the area and want somewhere safe and comfortable... DEFINITELY consider Acacia Creek.. you will not be disappointed!!
1	I was going to post this for the leasing office, but it seems more appropriate to put it under the community as a whole...After searching for a new place for a couple of months, I settled on Acacia Creek.  I had liked what I'd seen on the walk-throughs, and everyone in the office was pleasant enough.  One thing I'd noticed, however, is that the prices for their available units change every day.  So I waited until the price was where I wanted it to be, and headed over with the full intent to sign a one-year lease.Right before I entered the leasing office, I pulled up their website on my phone and confirmed the amount.  I walked in and was seated with an agent/manager with whom I had toured the property less than a week ago.  We made small talk, and she pulled up the unit in question...and quoted me a price ten dollars higher than what I saw online.  It wasn't that big of a deal, but I was quite confused.I pulled up the price on my phone again and noted that at that very instant, there was a discrepancy between what she said and what I saw online.  Her defense was that "[their] prices change every day," but when I asked about the accuracy of the online pricing, she just repeated the line.I tried to find out why she would give me a different price quote, and she just repeated the line again.  I had my phone, and the unit price, staring me in the face, and she was telling me that it was wrong!  She then said that I should have booked during the previous week and said goodbye, as she apparently wasn't willing to negotiate down to their listed price or explain what was going on.I have no idea why she couldn't say something like, "Our website isn't accurate - you should call," or, "Let me see what I can do" or anything like that. She was willing to lose someone who was ready to sign ON THE SPOT because she couldn't be bothered to explain a slight difference in rent rates.If this is how they treat prospective tenants who WANT to live there and pay their rent, I can't imagine how they treat their residents.
1	Been a resident here for 14 months. New ownership right after I signed 2nd year lease in July. First I should point out at renewal the agent in the office quoted us a rate. When we came to sign the paperwork the next day, price was $70 a month higher. The woman working said he must have misquoted us. I fought with corporate office for 3 days to get then to honor the quote he gave. Since that time service has dropped to horrible levels. Shower head broke off - 3 days to replace. Sink faucet knob broke in half. Guy looked at it & told me he had a knob for it but needed to go to storage room to get it. Said he'd be back in 10 minutes. Never returned. 3 days later it was replaced after I had to contact the office about it again twice. The excuse? Only 1 maintenance guy on staff. Now, our washing machine is broken. It overflowed a week ago & flooded our hall. Went to office to let them know & she said she would send maintenance right over. Never came. Contacted them again next day & excuse was, again, only 1 maintenance guy on staff. Guy came and shop vacuumed water but was still another day to look at washer. Got a call from manager that it's fixed. Yay right? Wrong! So it isn't overflowing now. It just doesn't spin out or refill for rinse cycle. Doh! Went to office again. Will have someone look at it "tomorrow". Tomorrow came & no one came so I called office an hour before closing (it was Friday). Excuse? Again, only 1 maintenance guy on staff. And no one will be here over the weekend so she'll have him come Monday. Not to be a dick, but them having only 1 maintenance guy is their problem, not mine. a week and still no washer? how about pulling a working one from an empty apartment for a quick fix? Or at least a credit to my rent for having to go to a laundromat 2 weeks in a row? Creative solutions & customer service people! But there is neither, just excuses. Hence this review recommending you STAY AWAY from this property.
1	They are changing their complex name to Mosaic, so be forewarned the issues will exist there, too.I am sick of this. The water to my apartment has just been shut off 3 times in 3 months. The first time, the guy doing their renovations cut a line, the they had a scheduled outage that resulted in dirt in my lines, and now I wake up and there is no water and I can't get a hold of anyone at the leasing office or maintenance to ask if it will be on in time for me to shower before work!Also, there is a line that drips from behind my washing machine to an open pipe and no one has ever come by to fix it after complaining to the front office. They also can't keep the walkway light by my apartment stairs lit, and I come home from work after it is dark. Since I come home after dark, I notice that it seems like the gates get stuck open pretty frequently.The new management company also doesn't believe in posting how much you owe before it is past due. You can either set up an auto withdrawal or risk they won't have it up before you are late.
