4	I love this place because it lets me not leave the office and still get food without ordering at least $20 worth of food. Also, the food actuallly quite good if you are in the mood for sandwiches. The fruit salad is good too.
4	Betsy, Charlie Brown, Duke..... these aren't my friends, well, on second thought, maybe they are... these are the names of my favorite sandwiches at Ladybug.And really, what is better than dining with friends?  The Betsy is a culinary marvel....at least according to my warped one part white trash comfort food, two parts Fodor's Rating Required palette. Get this - lettuce, cream cheese, green olives (with pimentos!), and walnuts..... there you have it... it answers every weird craving you have ever had - try it on the marble rye and wowza - another taste sensation in the mix! The other reviewers have touched on all of the great things this establishment can offer to single customers, but I need to tell you something else - This is absolutely the best place to get a tray of sandwiches for your office - they will cut them in half (these are not skimpy sammys, dear reader), they will provide any assortment  you ask for -  AND!  They will give  you a credit on your next order for returning the catering tray!
4	We were visiting a patient at the hospital across the street and stopped in for a "non hospital cafeteria lunch". What a great find so close. The place has a neat retro, neighborhood diner feel that is refreshing from all the chain, plastic, generic atmosphere and food you get everywhere else. We thoroughly enjoyed our sandwiches on the patio. Thanks!
3	Great lunch spot for unique, tasty sandwiches using ordinary ingredients.  You get to choose from a bajillion different bread slices.  They have some awesome soups too!!! yum!
3	Cute little place for a sandwich or soup! This place is RIGHT down the street from le boyfriend so we had to check it out. It's teeny tiny with all (I think) outdoor seating, which was fine with us because it is B-E-A-UUUTIFUL out today. They have a ton of different sammiches and a good soup selection as well. I had the broccoli cheese and it was just ok, I like mine with big chunks of broccoli.The boy's sammich was tasty, very homemade and fresh tasting.The ladies working inside were totally sweet and quick to offer up a recommendation (there's nothing I despise more than asking for someone's opinion and getting "well it depends on what you like."), and fit the whole ladybug theme perfectly :]Oh and they have FREE, NO MINIMUM delivery! Makes me wish it was a lil closer to my work!!
4	Great little down town Phoenix lunch spot. There are a heap of creatively named sandwiches, breads, soups, cookies. You can choose any sammy and make it a half with a side. I ordered half of The Tame with a cup of their tortilla soup. It was all fresh and tasty. I took my lunch to go in a little brown bag, but they have a cute little outside dining area with, of course, lady bug table clothes. Adorable!
2	Disappointing.  I love supporting local business, so when I veered into the neighborhood street to enjoy some local goodness, I was hoping for something as unique as the neighborhood that homes it.  The place was a quaint little shop, with a whole lot of sandwich selections, and the staff is friendly and welcoming.  I stood for a moment to peruse the selection and finally settled on an avocado BLT on seven grain to-go (I can't remember the clever name).  I also ordered a reasonably priced 32oz of freshly brewed tea (which was perfectly tasty).  The sandwich, drink and 'complementary' mini bag of chips came out to almost $10- a little pricey for what I got.  I eagerly opened up my sandwich to find a pretty small square of doughy bread laying over a meager melange of shredded iceberg, avocado, bacon bits and maybe tomato.  It was kinda gooey and I could hardly taste the yumminess I've come to expect with even the most modest BLT.  ...But nothing, it was so... bland!  For $10, I expected better quality ingredients.  If I go back, it'll be for the iced tea on the patio.  Sorry Ladybug.
5	Choose for the free delivery, not the food quality.If you are stuck working through lunch and neither pizza nor chinese sound good, consider this little place.The food is good, fresh, and perfectly edible. For 6.75, you can get a half sandwich and big bowl of soup. A large soda is $1 more, and you can throw in a cookie for 75 cents. My ladybug club sandwich was fresh and cold on store brand wheat bread. Ask for the bread to be toasted if you want a more substantial texture and mouth feel.My potato cheese soup was hot with potato slices in it, comfortably bland, and incredibly filling. Soda was crisp, bubbly, and not watered down at all.Cookie was the star of the show - melty chocolate chips and soft center.The food all together reminds me of something your mom would make you for lunch if she was in a hurry but still loved you. Service was warm and friendly - add this to your list of choices for delivery. Skip if on foot!
4	I have only been here once since I don't work nearby, but I live down the street.  I was really impressed with the creativity of the sandwiches and the nice people working here. Incredably fast service! I just recently heard they now have Saturday hours so I plan on stopping by after a bike ride.
5	Very friendly staff, cute decor! Small, but don't let that fool you, best sandwiches ever!! The egg salad sandwich was so good, it reminded me of the egg salad I enjoyed as a kid! Their potato salad is made there and soo yummy!! Talked to the owner and she was very nice.
5	One of the nicest staff around! I live 2 blocks away and they STILL delivered my food because I told them I was home sick from work. The chicken soup and sandwich did the trick too.
3	The name is appropriate due to the overload of ladybug decor that covers every inch of the tiny cafe-- it could have been cute but instead it looks tacky, like they just buy any crappy ladybug item and toss it into the mix.  There is definitely a lot more outdoor seating than indoor (I think there were two, two person tables).  They do have misters to help, but I was still really hot sitting outside in the AZ summer which made enjoying my lunch more difficult.  The food is very basic.  It isn't anything fancy, but rather much like a sandwich I would make for myself at home.  The counter is lined with bags of bread, just like you'd find at a grocery store.  I understand paying six-eight bucks for a sub sandwich which is much more filling and hearty, but for a simple sandwich like I could whip together at home it doesn't seem worth it.  The broccoli cheese soup was pretty good, but the plastic spoon they provided literally cut the inside of my mouth on both sides until I was bleeding. It was weird. There was not a big variety in sandwiches, even though the list was long. Honestly, I would recommend saving the money and making yourself a sandwich.
5	I love this place. It's my go-to spot for lunch. The staff are very friendly and the prices are affordable. I would rather go here andknow that my food is made fresh vs. some nasty drive-thru for lunch.
4	I'll tell anyone I'm a fan of Ladybug House of Sandwiches, never considered that someone would have a bad experience here. Def a fan, i work very close by and if i really need they would deliver, "yeah their that great"  The place has expanded their seating area so if you have been there before def check the place out.  When I need a real sandwich I stop in here.  What a great place in phoenix to take care of the lunch time rush without going to Subway, (not saying i don't go there).    Yes there are summer time hours but once your a fan you'll know to be there on time. Why ladybug house of sandwiches well, great meats, choice of different breads and I love the ladybug theme.  Everyone loves a ladybug, there pretty and color full.  Look to come here and start memorizing their names of a sandwich like the Charlie Brown Sandwich.Small note, i put my business card in their bowl once and actually won!  I got half off for the whole office, thanks ladybug ladies your the best.  I love to boast about this place, unlike our friends Deana or MG, their hater reviews stick out like a soar thumb here, I can see why they have no friends on yelp.   People that rag on businesses never put their ace on yelp. McDowell right across from the Banner Hospital  right smack in the middle of the whole campus of medical buildings and offices.
5	Too much tlc! I feel like I'm going grandma's house for a sandwich every time I eat here. Their soup is amazing as well. If your in the area for lunch give them a try, and don't forget the amazing 50% off deal.
5	I was truly suprised I had a country club, frosted fruit salad and tomato basil ravoli. It was all great. The sandwich was so tasty and Hearty. I am now a true fan avocado spread. The ladies are so friendly there; I will be going back real soon. I am so glad I tried this place; and I was able to use a coupon from restuarant.com
3	I love the ladies at Lady Bug - Very friendly and welcoming and some very good sandwiches, if to my economical self a bit pricey for what you get: Tuna Salad Sandwich (the tuna salad was REALLY good)  between good but ordinary - right off the grocer's shelves whole grain bread, side order of potato salad and large tea: $13.00 (Just how much IS that restaurant tax in Phoenix?).  Oh yes the sandwich did come with small bag of chips.  I ditched the potato salad and switched to a small tea and and came out to a few cents under $10.  They also showed me the extra courtesy of honoring the $10 coupon that I was unable to bring up on my sometimes-not-so-smart phone.  Sweet ladies, cute, distinctly feminine decor. Good sandwiches - but you may be surprised at your total.
5	What a great little place. Always super sweet, the food is consistently fresh and delicious and they take substitutions and requests with no problem whatsoever. Great food, DELIVERY, and wonderful ladies. I will always give them my business
4	I work about 12 minutes from here, and when I got the munchies but didn't want fried food or a corporate sandwich joint, I found Ladybug on Yelp and decided to try it out. I called in my order and left work immediately after, and despite it being smack dab in the middle of the lunch rush they had my two sandwiches and two pickles bagged and ready to go when I showed up. The sandwiches are $6.75 apiece, but between the meat, cheese, plethora of bread options, veggies, and small bag of Lay's it's worth the price to me. As long as I get what I pay for I don't mind paying a bit more for my sandwich. I got the roast beef on sourdough with provolone, lettuce, and cucumbers. The roast beef was juicy and tender, the cucumbers were not sliced too thick......and most importantly, the lettuce wasn't piled on by the wheelbarrow like some other sandwich joints tend to do. (For real, if I want a lettuce sandwich I'll just get a salad, am I right?)Ladybug does their sandwiches well. They weren't mindblowing, but they were above average enough for me to come again and sample more of the menu. So glad I found this little place, and I am glad that as a local business they seem to be doing very well.P.S. Good place for the kiddies too. They have a sack lunch for $3.75 that includes a half sandwich, chips, cookie and drink and comes in a cute little ladybug plastic bag.
4	Had lunch here a couple days ago and I really liked the sammies. Hubs had the T.J. and I had order envy! I really liked my Italian Hero and would order it again, but might bargain for a half sammie switcheroo because the T.J. was really good. We did the Yelp deal and I got the fruit salad and he got a side salad. Both were very good. Service was very friendly and helpful and I will definitely be back.
4	Cute little place with good sandwiches! Had the 10 for 20 deal and it was definitely worth it!
4	Tasty sandwich made fresh.  Friendly folks and a quaint atmosphere.
3	Came here last week with my $10 for $20 Groupon. Their menu is a little uninspired with the standard sandwich items and a tiny bag of Lay's come with the sandwiches. All the other chips options they have are extra. For two sandwiches, two orders of soup and one tea, I think we ended up at about $26. Glad I had that groupon. My sandwich was just okay. Exactly what I could make at home so I was a bit disappointed. I tried the broccoli cheese soup and it wasn't bad, not great and I probably wouldn't get it again. While you could tell it was a locally owned and decorated place, it was cute but I didn't really like sitting at patio furniture inside. Personal preference I guess. Since nothing wow'd me and it was a bit on the pricey side, I probably wouldn't come back. Sorry Ladybug.
2	We only went because they had a yelp special and I'm glad we didn't pay full price because I could make an equal, if not better sandwich at home. Nothing to write home about.
4	Always looking to try new spots for lunch. Found Ladybug on Yelp & bought the $20 for $10 deal.  My hubby & I got the same sandwich on different bread. I enjoyed mine, hubby said his was good as well, but was just not enough to fill him up.  I also got the Potato Cheese Soup... this was REALLY good!!  I always have a hard time paying big pricing for something I might be able to make at home just as good. However I felt for the atmosphere, the awesomely friendly service and the fact that they deliver & do take out, this place is great!  I will definitely go back and try a different sandwich & soup!
4	Move on over Subway, Lady Bug House of Sandwiches is where it is at! My love for sandwiches has been rekindled thanks to this adorable cafe! The list of sandwiches is mouth watering. The price for a lunch meal is the same as Subway, however the taste is far beyond better! The meat, bread and veggies were combined to perfection and served with love. Ladybug House of Sandwiches is just one of those places where you just go in and feel happy. The passion for what these business owners do is evident in every ounce of their business. Lovely, lovely, lovely. Thank you for bringing the sandwich love back!
2	I have heard great things about this place, and even though I work in South Chandler, I decided to travel the 20 miles one way up to Phoenix to try this place. The quality of the food was good, I ordered the Bogey. But, it did not have tomatoes on it. I only discovered this after I drove the 20 miles back down to Chandler. I was extremely disappointed. I called to let them know (it's all about word of mouth these days ) and the lady was quite helpful and assured me I'd get a cookie next time I come in. But I won't come in again. I just won't take time to babysit and quality check sandwiches after I get them from here. 'Ain't no one got time for that.'So I won't go again. I still believe the quality of the food is good, just make sure you check your order to ensure what you asked for is what you got.
4	The girls who worked here upped it from three stars to four. They are super sweet! This poor place and me seemed to have a love hate relationship from the start. I have been trying to go here for a while but something always happened. It was closed, we decide to go elsewhere, my car broke down, etc. Well, today I was determined to use my Restaurant.com gift certificate to go. I had errands to run in the neighborhood too so I looked up the opening time and was promptly there at 9:00 am. Well, they were not open even though that is the time listed on their website and the front door. I then notice there is a little sign under the door etchings that say that they are not really open until 10am on Saturday. "Arghhhhh," Jinxed again. lol-- okay so I leave and do some more errands and come back. I am at the door at 10am and it is still not open. If I was not a determined person and a stubborn New Yorker when it comes to trying new food places, they probably would have lost a customer.    The gal working there shows up at 10:02am and opens up. Their staff do not show up 30 minutes or more early so you might want to note that when you go. I then see that they have a fantastic Yelp check in deal too. Which deal to use? Decisions, Decisions? For some reason the internet is not allowing me to reopen the saved Yelp deal. No biggie, I go back to the Restaurant.com deal instead. (by the way this was an awesome deal for sure! 2 sandwiches for 5 dollars, 2 cookies and a drink too.)    The place is small and sweet with a cute sidewalk area too. The food was good, not great. I liked the sandwiches I had so I want to go back and try them all. Unique menu. I do feel the sandwiches are not overstuffed though. ( but I always think Carnegie Deli when I hear the words overstuffed sandwiches) I think their Chicken Salad is very good. One of the better ones in town. I also got a Charlie Brown to go. (Roast Beef and Cukes, "Meh" but how do you spice that up? ) I liked that they have Onion Rolls. I love Onion rolls. Yummy!!!!! Still not as good as NY ones though but what is? -lol ;) The cookies I had were good. ( Again, not great or to die for)    I liked the place and would definitely go back despite the messy way I finally got to enjoy it. lol. Since it is local owned I have to try to support local business. The food was good enough for me to want to keep coming back. I just think they should work out some of the kinks.    A special thank you to the two nice ladies working the counter.
4	Great little sandwich shop. Excellent service, greet food and cute ambiance with all the little lady bugs.
4	I'd have pictures but the food was so darn good, well, we ate it. I ordered a decently priced combo sandwich and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was sourdough bread! I have never been one to like sourdough but wow did they surprise. We also ordered a chicken noodle soup that to be honest made me want to slap my momma. I will eat here again, thanks ladies for such a pleasant experience.
4	Awesome spot! Try the Charlie Brown sandwich, it's great on an onion roll.
5	Hidden gem near the hospital on McDowell and 12th street. Don't let the small size fool you, the sandwiches are delicious and creative, and we just found out they deliver. Yeah!We found this place after winning a fundraiser auction for AZ Women in Song, so thanks for supporting our community, and for the great eats!  We will be back.
2	The staff is nice.  The decor of the place is a hodge-podge.  I ordered a BLT and potato salad.  The BLT was average.  The bread was fresh, but there was just a tiny bit of shredded lettuce rather than a few crisp leaves.  The bacon was crispy.  They were stingy with the tomato.  The potato salad was practically inedible.  The potatoes were rubbery and hard.  With so many other options, I will not be returning.
3	A great small sandwich shop near downtown.  They have a LOT of selection and creative sandwiches, and they carry what seems to be a million different types of bread.  Everything is ladybug-themed -- literally everything and they have ample seating both inside and outside.  The service is prompt and friendly.  I gave them three stars because the sandwiches themselves are small, and they come with a small bag of Lays potato chips.  Their cookies also seem like they were bought from Costco (but I don't know for sure).  I would love to see this place kick it up a notch by making their own chips and cookies!
2	Sacks is my ultimate favorite sandwich shop, but since it was noon on Friday and I guarantee no parking at Sacks,I decided to give Ladybug a try. I got half chicken salad sandwich, potato salad and small tea. I was first surprised at how small the sandwich was for the price I paid. The chicken salad had way too much mayo. The potato salad tasted like it came from a tub and I actually seen the cookies in a store bought box and the soup from a box as well! It would be nice to see bigger sandwiches and homemade items.
3	As far as sandwich shops go, this one is pretty good. The staff is friendly and the shop itself is unique and quirky. The location is perfect for the lunch-hour crowd around the 7th Street/McDowell Road area.The sandwiches are maybe a step above average. The meats tend to be of a lower quality than what you might get at a Safeway deli. Rather, they seem to be from some kind of prepackaged brand. It gets the job done, but I think even the meats at Subway are of a higher quality. For the price (almost $7 per sandwich), I would expect some higher quality deli meats.On the plus side, there is a HUGE selection of breads, cheeses, meats, condiments, and veggies. Despite the seemingly cheap deli meats, the sandwiches taste good. You also get a small bag of chips with each sandwich. There are several decent sides (such as potato and fruit salads), but they are pretty expensive.Don't expect to be in-and-out of this place within 5 minutes. There have been a few times that I've waited almost 15 minutes for my order. If you're in a rush, I would highly suggest ordering ahead via phone or GrubHub.But for a quick lunch, this will fit the bill every once in a while. Be sure to ask for a loyalty card which will take $5 off your total after your 10th visit.
5	Best family run place for soups and sandwiches in downtown. The bread is always fresh, and the soup is always hot. I have eaten here numerous times and always been satisfied with my selection and service.It can get pretty busy here during lunch with call in orders.
3	Super cute inside and the staff was very friendly. Would definitely go back!!
5	Once again fantastic!!!! Thank you lady bugs, u are efficient and scrumptious! !!!! Look forward to my next meal!!!!
5	I have actually never been to their store but I utilize their delivery service frequently. They are 9 times out of 10 on time or early OR occasionally running late. Their sandwiches,salads, and soups have saved me countless times when I am trapped at work with no way to grab any grub. I order online which is easy!!! My coworkers can order and pay separately and ladybug delivers in one drop off. They are great. I will continue to use them!
5	We used the Yelp deal and ate for about $12. The dumpling soup was excellent, as was my Black Forest sandwich. The cookies were also a delight.
5	I love Lady Bug!! My mother and I eat there at least 4 times a month. Very courteous and helpful employees. My mother usually orders the Lucy and I order the Bacall sandwich. We swap half with each other so we can taste both yummy sandwiches. I have had many of their sandwiches and have to say, Lady Bug is my favorite sandwich shop. Peaceful atmosphere and a shaded patio make for a relaxing lunch. I also use their delivery service. Their drivers are very nice and are sure to give you a smile. Thanks Lady Bug!
2	Purchased a yelp deal and thought we would check them out! We got a couple soups, and sandwiches. The food seems overpriced for the quality and quantity. The decor is awful and the tables and seats were uncomfortable. All in all, I was not impressed.
4	My first time ordering here. I had the Daily Deal special which was half a sandwich of my choice,  a salad of my choice and a drink. Everything was fresh and made to order. Also, very reasonably priced. Fast delivery, too. Definitely ordering from here in the future.
5	And in conclusion.....I don't see how anyone could say this shop is overpriced. Where do you usually eat? Subway? Sure I can make this sandwich for cheaper than $6.75 but I can also make a steak better than Ruth's Chris and save $40 on that. Bottom line, the food is pretty good and the staff is friendly.  And Darlene H, don't you feel pretty ratchet getting $20 of food for $10 and then giving a terrible review that states the decor is horrible? Its a sandwich shop, not some fake Fendi bag filled nightclub.
5	I love this place, quick great sandwiches that owners put their passion into every meal they dish out! This is a must try if your in the area looking for a great sandwich. I love these little niche local food joints!!!
5	Wow!  Easy ordering for big groups (do it here on yelp!) and delicious.  Worth every penny.  Large drink = 2 cans of soda.
4	Great place for a quick, affordable and delicious lunch! The Italian Hero sandwich and Potato Cheese soup is my go-to combo for the lunch special.
3	Cute place with ladybug stuff everywhere. Only 3 tables for two for inside seating. Soups were really good. Sandwiches were a little pricy and nothing special.  Cute tables for outside  seating.
4	I've never been to the Ladybug House brick and mortar, but from the posted pictures it looks like a cute spot.  This review is for their delivery service.  Someone at work handed me their take out menu one day and said that the sandwiches were decent.I noticed prices were not too bad and there was no delivery charge.  Ordered the tuna sandwich - no mayo.  As I was told on the phone while ordering, they have only one delivery car so the wait may be a bit long, but actually it didn't seem that long at all.Food arrived before "lunch hour" and I gave a nice TIP.  Delivery woman gave me a club card to receive a free sandwich after ordering so many.  I can't remember the exact number but most likely 10.  Sandwich was tasty.The second time I ordered from Ladybug, I forgot to say no mayo.  Damn! Damn! Damn!  An ample amount of the shiny white stuff was between my sandwich and I was not happy.  Lesson learned, be sure to say NO MAYO when you order over the phone.
4	Alot of variety. I had a sandwich which came with chips. Also ordered soup which was tasty and potato salad. I came here because I found them on Restaurant.com and bought a certificate to try them out. They have indoor and outdoor seating. It was a beautiful day so we ate outside which was nice.
5	This is a great spot, great atmosphere, and especially great food! It is my first time here but will now be coming around more often!
3	Sandwiches are a bit simple, I was happy with my lunch but felt it was a little overpriced at $25 for two sandwiches, two cups of soup and two mini bags of chips. The woman at the counter was a bit surly, but it could have been an off day. I thought the decor was cute and tacky.
5	Ordered delivery,  food was here within 30 mins. I ordered the fruit cup. You can order it naked (plain) or topped (whipped cream, granola, and a cherry). most everything was ripe and yummy except for the honeydew, no biggie,  still five stars. Roast beef sandwixh, can't remember the name. I ty needed mustard but was very big and meaty. I added a pickle just to be safe.I would def. Order from here again.  Free delivery and no minimum on order. I would post a picture, but i didn't think of that until after it was gone.
5	We ordered from here for an office lunch. I used their online ordering system and a rep from the store called me to confirm my order. They were very timely and the food was good. The delivery woman was also very informational, she gave us some information about deals and gave us a card to track purchases for a free sandwich.
