5	If you walk in from the west parking garage into the casino. There's a Fortunes menu  at the door, can't miss it. This is how I found out they had specials with your player's card. Must present your card to the server.  We constantly get comps each month for the Dim Sum but I doubt I'll ever use them. They have two menus here, Fortunes & Dim Sum menu.On Tuesday the Shrimp Fried Rice is $7.99, I have tried their Sweet & Sour Chicken for $9.99. Really delicious food. I have not tried the Dim Sum menu because I'm not very adventurous. I just stick to what I know.The service in here is consistent, the food comes out hot & fresh. We've had one issue but we mentioned it to our waitress and she took care of it immediately.  Happy yelping everyone. :D
1	The food is alright, but the service is terrible.  I'm here right now, waiting for my food and have been here for like 20 years waiting on the staff.  I came in clean shaven, and am beginning to feel a beard growing.  When they DO get around to you, most are rude.But the food's alright though - did I mention that?1 star rating -- chalk it up to that "WORLD-CLASS" service.
1	Good Food, Poor Service4 stars for food, minus three for service because there was none. Food was authentic, especially considering the restaurant was part of the Palms' coffee shop.Our waiter was cold and absolutely paid no attention to us. Never return after taking orders and placing orders on table.The bus person was good and helpful. Since we were going to a show after dinner, so we waited and waited for our check, finally had to ask another waiter for it (while our waiter was cleaning table and just ignored us while we signaled for our checks several times).It is a shame, we been to other restaurants at the Palms, service this time was the  worst. Too bad, the waiter never bother to introduce himself, otherwise would have complained to management. May be he had good reason for not letting patrons knowing his name.The waiter was wearing glasses.
1	DO THIS FIRST!Sign up and get the Club Palms card first if you plan on dining at Fortunes or the 24/7 cafe that Fortunes is attached to.  You will instantly pay $1-2 less at the Club Palms price compared to their regular price. What's a $buck?  If you have any previous experience ordering dim sum, then you know these dollar savings add up quickly and can be used instead for tipping the waitstaff or funding your quest to accumulate enough slot points to redeem for a Palms shot glass.With that said here is my unusually more succinct review based on my observations from my 2 recent visits to Fortunes.  In general, Chinese speaking customers definitely receive slightly better service from the Chinese Fortunes staff, I am hypothesizing that it is partially due to their English language skill.  When I heard them speak in Chinese they sound friendly, but when the same staff speak to English speaking customers it does not come across as nicely and could be interpreted as brusque.  Just an observation like I said.So what about their dim sum?  Before Fortunes, this spot was called Cathy House, which also had a dim sum offering, which was pretty good for Vegas standards.  I am not sure what happened and why the name change, and definitely not at all privy to the employment status of the chefs and cooks that worked there before and after the name change. What I do know is that the dim sum menu may still look similar, but the overall quality has gone down the proverbial drain.The only item I ordered that I still considered good was their Pork & Shrimp Shu Mai.  Their Steamed Pork Rib Black Bean and Stuffed Bean Curd Skin with Pork & Shrimp were both just okay.  Baked Egg Yolk Cream Bun, used to be great here, but now I will avoid this greasy over-baked dessert pastry with very miniscule filling. But the other usual dim sum staples such as Shrimp Steamed Rice Roll (worst I have ever had in 3 different continents where I have had dim sum) and Crystal Shrimp Dumpling were really bad.  It felt like the items were not fresh and was reheated from the previous day's left over batch and/or the "wrapper" was made poorly, contributing to the odd rough texture (it should be silkier than what I had).  Needless to say, I will not be back for dim sum here until the overall quality has improved.  Not to mention that in spite of the relative dearth of dim sum restaurants here in Las Vegas, there are still better dim sum alternatives within reasonable driving distance.Aside from dim sum (main menu available until 3pm only, after that you have to be content with just 6 items on their limited menu) they serve up a typical Chinese restaurant menu offering with 3 different pho (Vietnamese noodle soup). As I have never tried this portion of their menu, it will not factor into my review.  But the restaurant does have some enticing daily specials that may be worth checking out (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fortunes-las-vegas-2?select=L1swxxmabddvxirB3ee-sw#GSABGYz6StpwDQbG0EOCdQ).As food quality and taste is the most important factors in my review, I sadly have to only give this current incarnation of the dim sum restaurant inside the Palms a 1 star review.  The service is okay, and definitely have room for improvement.  But if you are trying to attract Asian gamblers and comping them with dim sum (which I am sure they are very well aware of and come with certain expectations of minimum standard for quality and taste), then this marketing ploy is deeply flawed and in much need of revamping.1 star only. But I am keeping my fingers cross for vast improvments in the near future.
1	If you are Chinese don't go here! We got lost finding this place inside the Palms. Who knew it would be a restaurant in the back of a restaurant. . I thought to myself," Oooo this place might be nice because there were no forks on the table"... then they brought the forks. I was so offended (My girlfriend is a beautiful white girl and sometimes they assume westerners can't use chopsticks. Come on! even Japanese restaurants know better than that. Assume everyone knows how to use chopsticks.) To solve this each time I place the forks on the next table over.  The food was all basic entry level dim sum stuff. Stuff sat out too long. Seriously made to order would be better instead of this old stuff. That would have saved my experience. They had PF Chang like stuff on the menu too like Chow Mein, General Tso, pro-bally orange chicken...etc . If you use a fork at any Chinese Restaurants you might like this place. Really expensive too.
2	2 stars because the food I was able to get was hot and well prepared the pork ribs are delicious the ha chang was bland and rubbery . Overall it's an embarrassment to the Palms - no service no hostess , one lonely hot food trolley almost empty at 12 noon on Sunday , no prep of the correct sauces for the dishes , nobody changing plates as dimsum creates a lot of bones , very sad dessert selection - overall can't imagine how they could mess this one up the space is nice and I like Palms - KJ still king of the Vegas dim sum mountain and only a block away .
1	Literally shit. Do yourself a favor and go to the food court in Palms, because the Chinese food here is horrible. First, we ordered the pho, expecting some sort of resemblance to the savory Vietnamese noodle dish familiar to our (admittedly) spoiled taste buds. Unfortunately, the noodles were too thick, the broth had no flavor, and the temperature was lukewarm. Next, we got the orange chicken, which was worse than Panda Express's. Once again, it was cooked to a lukewarm temperature, but the texture of the chicken made it apparent that it was bought from Costco or something. Finally, to everyone familiar with Chinese/Taiwanese hotpot: it's not hotpot. A more appropriate title would have been "beef stew."Btw it's really expensive without Palms club membership.
2	I ordered pretty simple items, the food was okay; service was lagging, but not too bad. I ordered sweet potato fries and steamed pork buns. Not too bad. The buns were just okay. Sweet potato fries were good, but not sure how you could mess that up, honestly. Alright for a quick bite to eat, but I wouldn't come here looking for a substantial meal.
3	Good value for a casino restaurant.  My friends are Chinese and they like it as do I although we rarely get the dim sum so I can't comment.  Get the palms card and order the daily special then you are getting some serious value
