5	There is something special about doing business with a locally owned company that really cares.Community Tire will go to the ends of the earth for their customers.I have had stellar service at two of their locations.
5	REDEMPTION!So after my dissappointing recent history with the 32nd street location,I decided to try this location before saying goodbye to Community Tire all together.So I make an appointment yesterday for an oil change.I go this afternoon.My appointment's at 3:30,but I got there about 15 minutes early.They have my car on the lift at about 3:20!All done before 4 pm!!!So the service advisor (Witness is his name)lets me know my car's ready.So....now that other shoe...the one that's dangling from the cliff waiting to drop....I do the walk of doom to the counter.It felt like slow motion....What's it going to be this time for my less than 2 year old vehicle?Shocks?Transmission?Bo weevel infestation?Breadmold?"Okay,here ya go."...Here ya go?Go where?In my car?With just an oil change????there's no ticking money bomb????No leaky check book valve???The credit lines aren't dangerously frayed???Witness informed me the car looked fine.Well,it kind of should with it's new brakes and fluids before 50,00 miles...lolI must have looked shocked.I felt the need to tell him I was very pleasantly surprised that the upsell mentality had not made it over to this location.I know times are tough,I know people are watching their pennies closer than before and I understand smaller businesses need to up their bottom line if they want to stay in business,especially if less people are in the position to own and maintain a motor vehicle,not to mention the possibility of fewer commercial accounts in these uncertain times,so I was reluctant to write a negative review of a company where I have met the owner and hold him in high regard.Than you Witness for single handedly restoring my faith and making me feel comfortable again with a company I didn't  want to stop patronizing.See you in about 3000 miles!
5	I hate tire shopping. Like most things car repair/maintenance related, it's pretty much an invitation to be violated.But unfortunately, tires wear down, and we aren't at a place technologically where steel-belted radials can regenerate on their own.A neighbor recommended Community Tire, and some research on Yelp confirmed their solid reputation in an industry that's otherwise inhabited by snakes. Eric, the manager at Community Tire's University/40th Street location was really friendly on the phone. He quoted me a price I could live with and guaranteed me that they could turn the job around in an hour.Not only did I pay *exactly* what Eric quoted me (no hidden rubber taxes), but not once did anyone at Community Tire try to upsell me on the tires or services. They checked my brakes and alignment for nothing, and had me back on the road in like 40 minutes. Pretty amazing service from start to finish and a refreshing alternative to the Big Name shops. One more side note: Their lounge is really nice. Clean and comfortable with a flat screen and current magazines like Sports Illustrated and People, plus a popcorn machine, water dispenser, and coffee.
5	I received a free oil change coupon as a birthday mailer promo.  My initial thought was great, I'm sure they are going to come up with some BS charges and I will stay pay $20 for the oil change.  Thankfully I was wrong.  My appointment started on time and I was treated very well by Witness who has been working there for 15 years.  The waiting area is nice and Witness made me a fresh pot of coffee and we talked for a little while.   About 45 minutes my oil change and tire rotation was done.  He mentioned to me that  my wiper blade was worn and my K&N filter was dirty but he knew that I am the type of customer who would take care of it myself.  What really  surprised me is that my bill actually came to $0!  No tax, no shop fee, no disposal, nothing.  I asked for a belt repair quote on my gf's car and Witness called me back with a very fair quote within an hour just like he said he would.  A couple of days later a thank you card came in the mail.  Unbelievable!  It is difficult to find a honest repair shop and if you are able to find one I recommend sticking with them.  Community Tire Pros has earned my respect and I am happy to recommend them.
5	I use Community Tire for our business vehicles. We're in the service industry and it's critical we get our vehicles out of a service station quickly so they can get back on the road. Community has always been great in this regard and the service managers aren't pushy.
5	Wow.  That's really all I can say about my experience here.  Finding a mechanic where you know you are not being taken advantage of is an amazing thing.  Community Tire Pros fixed my vehicle for a fair price, did not try to upsell me things I know I do not need, and did not pressure me at all on things that need to be fixed, but not necessarily right away.  I highly highly recommend this place.
5	I walked in the front door and was immediately greeted. I took a seat only to realize that I needed to use the bathroom in one of the best auto place bathrooms I've ever seen. To make a long story short, the customer service was phenomenal, the workmanship was exceptional, and the pricing was un-beatable. I was comfortable. I shopped around for gasket repair and Community Tire & Auto Pros did the best by me! They went above and beyond the call of duty.
5	I learned about Community Tire Pros from attending a Local First Arizona event. When the time came for me to purchase tires I made the decision to check it out. I always try to support local business first. The manager, John Culbert was knowledgeable and professional and the experience met and exceeded my expectations. The customer service AND prices can't be beat!  I will be a repeat customer with all my vehicles.
5	I've been a customer with Community Auto for about 6 years now, and I highly recommend them.  They're friendly, fast, efficient - and most importantly - they're completely honest; they really seems to care about their reputation and making their customers happy.
5	I had a tire blow out on the i10. I pulled off and stopped at the nearest QT. A tire specialist came out quickly (even after I mistakenly gave him wrong directions). He was quick, friendly and knowledgable and even added air to all my other tires!
1	All of those 5 star reviews must have been paid reviewers...  my friend went in for a $69.99 alignment and Lorenzo refused to do it because her car was in such "bad condition." Instead, they jacked the price up to $400 then $800 to fix the brakes because they wouldn't let her drive without fixing them. She said they worked fine. Bottom line is they took advantage of a woman and I thought Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair would be better than Jiffy Lube, but they were WORSE. They claim to be credible yet take advantage of a woman. Go anywhere else but here for your car repair needs unless you want to spend $400 for nothing!! My friend said her car still makes the same noises $400 later... what they are doing is CRIMINAL!!!
5	From 1 star to 5 STARS!! How did they do it?? Well, Howard the owner is a super-nice man and his wife is just as lovely. They pride themselves on customer service and when they read my review they acted immediately. They contacted my friend and were very gracious. They wanted her to know that what I wrote was not representative of their reputation and they proved just that! They completely fixed her car and gave her a full refund. Howard and Pat went above and beyond customer service--they guaranteed CUSTOMER SATISFACTION! Howard wanted me to leave my first review up because if people see only five stars, they may think it's not legit. Well, let me tell you... Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair is LEGIT! They are as good as it gets! Howard's philosophy on customer service is: "If we're not here for them, how can we expect them to be here for us?" And they stand by their word. They were there for my friend and she was moved to tears... they made a Christian woman extremely happy and she will definitely pay it forward. If you need any repairs done on your car (except body and paint), drive on over to Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair! Your car will thank you for it!!!!
1	# This review is specific to the Glendale location #It's a darn shame, but Community Tire and Auto seems to have crossed the fine line from fair pricing to outright greed.A recent repair that I had performed by Community Tire and Auto necessitated the replacement of several parts. These parts retail for an amount of X dollars, plus minus 10 dollars, depending where you buy them. When I received the bill, it turned out that Community Tire and Auto charged me !?! X+100 Dollars per part ! !?? A HUNDRED dollars more than the part costs retail ?! Be aware that I needed 4 of these parts, so I spent 400.00 just on this outrageous markup !? I would have gladly accepted a 25 or maybe even 30 Dollar markup from the retail price of the part, but a hundred dollars, that's just a smack in the face, and a smack in the face of a loyal customer on top of it.At this point I might as well take my car back to the dealership, at least they're somewhat more transparent and logical when it comes to the costs of parts.This wasn't the case before, but Community Tire and Auto is now showing a   disturbing trend to maximize profit WITHOUT maximizing value for the customer.Lately, every time I take my car there, there's always an attempt to 'upsell' me and part me from my money, even if the 'work' proposed isn't necessary or even reasonable in terms of pricing.  It really is sad, I used to trust this car repair shop blindly, but now they're really no different from any other repair shops that try to maximize profits on the backs of their customers. I do think that there might be a disconnect between upper and middle management here, I have a hard time believing that upper management would condone such practices; it seems the branch/location management seems to be primarily interested in 'upping' the numbers, and not seeing the 'big picture' of the brand as a whole.As it stands, I can no longer recommend Community Tire and Auto in Glendale, at least nor for repairs that require any replacement parts. What a darn shame!
5	I go to community tire to buy all of my tires. The owner Howard and his wife are amazing and the customer service is so fabulous!
5	First time here today my check engine light came on but the car seemed to be running just fine. My co workers recommended this shop so I took my car in they were fast and friendly and called to tell me my gas cap was loose and set off the check engine sensor. They fixed the problem and didn't charge me for anything which is nice because I had this issue before and I was charged over 100$ in labor at another place. I think these guys are trustworthy which is a big deal when finding a shop. I have been taken advantage before so a big Thank you to everyone who works there for restoring my faith that not all mechanics are crooks lol I have a huge relief off my shoulders.
