1	Fun place for a kid.  We did a party their for our boy and there was ABSOLUTELY NO SECURITY.  ANYONE COULD WALK AWAY WITH A CHILD.  In other cities Chuck E Cheese has double doors and a person standing at the door at all times.  Here they had some toothless kid who looked like a felon at the door occasionally.  Do not bring your child here.
1	I took my daughter here because she was swayed by the commericals and I agreed to it because I had fond memories of going to CEC when I was a kid.  However this place was horrible.  I put a twenty into the token machine and when the tokens started coming out my daughter and I were suddenly mobbed by six or seven little grubby kids asking for tokens.  The one girl held up a dollar and said the other machine was broken so I assumed she wanted to buy some of our tokens.  I handed her four of our tokens and then she stuck her dollar back in her pocket.  Then she and the other kids started thrusting their hands into catcher full of tokens like crazed animals and some of them were actually tugging on my purse, I had to bring it around to the front of my person so they'd stop pawing it. My husband who was going to order pizza stopped ordering and came over because he said it looked like we were being mobbed.  When he asked what was going on I said, "these kids are looking for free handouts."  They weren't really looking for handouts though, they were looking to steal all my tokens that I just bought for my daughter.  Their behavior was freaky and highly inappropriate.  If my kid acted that way I would implode.  So my husband and I just grabbed as many of the tokens as we could out of the little catcher and walked away.  They continued to buzz around the token machines probably harassing other people.  The savory highlights:The machines are dirty and don't work properly.The staff is a bunch of teenagers who don't give a crap.No effective security - kids can easily be stolen. Asshole parents who didn't watch their grubby little trolls.We don't know about the food because I told my husband to not bother ordering, we got pizza later from Rocky's.  So if you want to waste your money, get your purse stolen, get harassed by little scrubs, have your kid play with dirty, broken toys, this is the place for you!
1	Absolutely aweful!!!  In all of my 39 years, I have never experienced such poor service, nor have I seen such aweful employees as this restaurant.  Maybe it is just this location, but twice I was in line and the person working there just walked awaywhen it was my turn to order (once when I got there and once when we were trying to get a toy for our 3 year old with the tickets).  To make it worse, when they walked away, they didn't say nothing to me, they just left, and it was to restock more cups.  To top it all off, they gave attitude when I informed them I was waiting in line before the other people being waited on.  My wife and I have gone there three times, and all three times it was worse than the time before.  Three strikes, and you're done...You're done Chucky, and to anyone reading this, save yourself the aggrivation...don't go.
1	I would rather poke my own eye out than take my kid here again. Srsly depressing.
3	My girlfriend's 6 year old daughter loves this place. As far as the food goes, I wouldn't recommend it. Usually when I take her, I skip the food and we play the games.  Good news is they are super cheap. 5 Bucks will last a while in there. The downside to that is that the games are very outdated. Once she gets a little older I think she will realize how old the games are. But then again, how many games can you play for a quarter in this day and age? Overall, the service isn't bad and the place does a good job to keep kids entertained.
4	The salad bar is decent, fresh veggies and good choices for dressings, croutons, craisins, tortilla strips, sunflower seeds, etc.  Salad bar also has pasta salad, potato salad, cottage cheese, assorted fruit and jello, again, everything tasted fresh and looked good.  In regards to the pizza, it's pizza, kind of fast food pizza if you ask me, but kids love it, and that is good.  All of the employees are nice, helpful and cheerful. The games are good, lots if new ones this time, something for everyone, toddlers to adults. The security at the door is good at checking to make sure the right kids are leaving with he right adults. It's fun :)
