5	Jenna Moser did my high lights and she did such a great job!!! They are perfect. Couldnt have been better. Jenna and everyone at hair attractions is so friendly and the prices where great to!! I Wont go any where else!
5	LOVE my hair! Jenna Moser did a great job of assessing my face shape and suggesting an updated look for me. She was so sweet to talk to and my hair looks amazing. The woman at the front desk was super nice, too -- in fact, everyone seemed so welcoming. For the level of expertise this place seems to have, $35 is a great deal! I'll be seeing Jenna again.
5	I get my hair cut here regularly by Lynette. The atmosphere is upbeat and prices are great. They even ask you if you'd like a water or soda upon arrival.
2	I purchased a groupon for a partial, deep conditioning, cut and style. I really liked the atmosphere, but the reason I'm giving a rating of 2 is because my stylist Chealsie. She didn't listen to my request at all! I told her how I wanted my color and I even showed her a picture. She told me she does the bangs a certain way and I told her I didnt want them that way She ended up doing what she wanted. My roots were showing as if my hair was done at least a month ago. I also have the horrible tire marks on the side when I put my hair up!.She also complained the whole time about how tired she was cause she was out late with friends! Anyways I would have gone back and complained but I went into labor. So being a first time mom I'm now stuck with this awful hair style. All I wanted was a simple color and cut to last me for the next few months while I enter the world of motherhood. I guess I'm better off wearing a hat. Thanks Chealsie! As for the salon itself, everyone else was courteous and clean.
5	I relocated and gave Hair Attractions a try.  My stylist is Becky and I am very happy with the service.  She takes the time to make sure my hair falls the way I like it and that my color is as natural as it was before I started to color.  It is the "above and beyond" service that I receive that keeps me going back.  Thank you to all the staff for their friendliness and consideration.
4	I purchased a Groupon for a haircut and I had Chelsea as my stylist. She was very friendly and talkative. I absolutely loved how my hair turned out and I will be back to see her again!
4	I too bought a Groupon and had Chelsea as a stylist. She wasn't to talkative at first but she just went to work on my hair. Super fast foiling! I love it! Had two partials before elsewhere and got a full highlight and love it! They did offer me a soda, which is nice! I would love to go back but they are a little expensive. My groupon was $55 for full highlights/deep conditioner/hair cut (which I only got a trim) and since my hair was "long" it was an extra $15 (after she started) on top of the $15 tip (since we are suppose to tip on the regular amount )I would go back if i have cash burning a hole in my pocket :p
5	I purchased a Groupon for the deep conditioning, hair cut and full highlights.  Boy did I get lucky with my stylist.  She listened and did everything to perfection.  I had no trouble booking with a Groupon and I was given first class treatment using the Groupon.  Thank you Hair Attractions!  You have a new client.
5	Janice & Becky are the best!
5	My stylist Traci did a great job! I did a cut style and deep conditioning. She knew a lot about hair and the cut was great. She did exactly what I wanted! The smallest trim possible, I'm trying to grow my hair out and she made it look super healthy, she fixed my bangs, and did some damage control from a few of my previous cuts! Thanks I'll be back :)
4	Bought the groupon for this place to check it out. Very busy on saturday but still made time for me. The stylist did an awesome job with my cut. I showed her a photo and thats all it took.
5	Bought a Groupon for a cut and deep conditioning. They fit me in the next day. I had Chelsea. She was very sweet and a total perfectionist! Absolutely love my cut by her! I'd go back here for my next cut for sure!
4	I saw Traci B for my haircut yesterday. She did a great job of listening and understanding what my needs were. I have naturally curly hair and need to keep my length or else it will shrink and look crazy when I don't straighten it. She made sure to only take off only what I requested and no more. Not only was Traci friendly, but so was the entire staff. The only reason I didn't give the salon a 5 was because they close so early! As a corporate employee, I leave work at 5-6PM and the salon closes at 6 so that makes it very difficult for me to schedule my appointments. I usually enjoy getting my haircut on a Friday so I can enjoy my weekends without having to worry about beauty visits. Other than that. It was good enough for me to schedule my next visit before leaving yesterday. For me, a hater of haircuts, that's a pretty big deal.
4	Just got my hair cut by Traci today. She was very nice and attentive, and really listened to what I wanted. She did a very good job for a very reasonable price.
4	I've been here a few times. I've seen Chelsey, Traci, and Reiko. Chelsey was good with my haircut and was super friendly and nice. Traci was okay and rushed through cutting my hair instead of taking her time and doing the exact cut I wanted. And Reiko was great. With Reiko, I had an amazing cut, she really took her time, and had really good suggestions for me. She also did full highlights on my hair and they turned out great! I love my hair and love this salon! It's ugly on the outside but most of the stylists on the inside are great! Plus, the rest of the employees are very friendly and make sure you are never thirsty by providing you drinks!
5	I love this place! My hair came out Amazing! I got exactly what I asked for without compromise. My stylist name was Unique. Lovely cheerful and down to earth lady. Highly recommend her!!
1	I wouldn't trust or recommend Eunique Rodgers, AT ALL!
5	Best cut and color I've ever had!! I went from broken damaged bleach blonde to adding lowlights via miss Unique and I absolutely love it!! I've had more compliments on my hair than ever!! Definitely made this big girl feel beautiful!! Staff was beyond friendly too! For being a first time client, I felt like I had been going there for years!
