5	YUMMY!  They have real sushi artists at work and provide the only good sushi in Pinal County.  The owner (Tony) works everyday at making sure the food is the best.  We really need more restaurants like this.  Support a local business and eat your sushi and chinese here.
1	If you have ever had fresh sushi please don't bother! We were only living in Arizona for 3 days when we found Luck Sushi... we were so excited!!! Unfortunatly after trying the sushi and 2 dinner entrees we decided the reason they called it Luck Sushi is because you are lucky to get out of there alive! We could not eat more than one bite of the sushi.. (Hey we know we are in AZ.. and land locked.. but come one.. sushi (Tuna, Salmon should NEVER be.... well.. fishy for fish ya know?) and the entrees we ordered were suppose to be spicy.. but were really sweet instead! The server never came back to check on us.. pretty much took our order, dropped food and check at same time. Never to be seen again! We were the only people in the restaurant at 12:30 on a Saturday.. that should have spoke volumes!
2	Everything here just seemed so very dry to me.  Like it was mass prepared a few days ago and they reheat it, put sauce on it and serve it.  The sushi felt the same way somehow.
1	I once saw a puppy run from the kitchen into the side area. I asked the waitress about it and she said it was her daughters pet.
3	This place is quite popular in Casa Grande, especially since they added the sushi counter. It gives all the urban ex-pats something trendy to do without driving up to Scottsdale. Still, as Jeremy mentions, everything is pretty much mass-produced and any of their dishes can be obtained at any other generic Chinese restaurant. There must be a Chinese food service that provides this stuff. I've tried the sushi and it seems unremarkable to me, although I'm not sure I'd know good sushi if it hit me in the head.The owners are nice and there's a bit more atmosphere than, say, Panda Express. But I'm not sure the food is any different.
1	The name says it all, "Lucky", meaning Lucky to walk out alive.  The food is horrible, the place a has stench that I can't explain.  I know of a few people that have gotten sick from eating there, myself included.  The sushi was dry and seemed old.  The softshell crad roll, Spider Roll, was burnt.  When we got there, there was about 6 men sitting at a table eating, including the "chef".  Save yourself and don't go there.
4	This place has been here forever.  I love the pupu plater.  As a kid this was always my choice to go on my birthday.  The owners were always nice and I have pleasant memories.  Good lunch menu.  It's definitely standard American chinese food, but that doesn't stop the sweet and sour pork from being delicious.
5	I have had sushi in Chicago, Seattle and San Francisco. The sushi here is just as delicious and beautifuly prepared. Every employee in the restuarant is polite and nice, Everything is clean.
4	Wow I was surprised that it was so good here, they didnt have the specials that I was used to since I love Sushi Ave in Mesa, Az. But this was good in a pinch. The Vegas rolls I had here were big and full of flavor I left giving the place 2 thumbs up. If there want to earn the 5th star come up with some good specials for the all around customer. I will return in a month or so to give another report. Till then if you are in the area try it out great food.
4	My dad loves sushi. He's brand new to Casa Grande and we used yelp* to find sushi. Total homerun! I enjoyed the shrimp and lobster rolls. The old man loved the sashimi and sushi meal ($28 and so worth it). This will be his new go-to sushi joint. Yoshi the chef has photos of him skydiving, too. How bitchin' is that? Go, you'll enjoy the sushi.
4	Well, what can I say, It's Sushi in Casa Grande lol. The Sushi was ok, the cuts of Negeri were, well, lets just say they weren't the best cuts Ive ever seen. but what do you expect? remember your in casa grande. the Chinese food is good :) which is cool because i can bring my kids and they eat Chinese food while I get my sushi fix. I'm not tryn to knock the place, just remember your in Casa Grande and dont get your hopes up to high.
5	I love the food and the sushi is great always fresh. The special abalone soup is great also. I love the cucumber Philly roll and the tuna salad.
4	Best sushi in Casa Grande!
4	Sushi always good and service quick and friendly!
5	Oh my, the seafood spicy noodle soup is soooo good.
1	Food is wildly mediocre bordering terrible. Ordered the casa roll & not sure if its an off night but it was terrible. Texture, flavor & all around consistency was terrible. Tried to send it back & order something else & the older Asian man said "this is what you ordered, the ing. are on the menu." Would not take it back. Terrible "Customer Service!!!!" Nothing was that great!I will NEVER EVER return!!!
2	This place used to be strickly Chinese food, but trendiness has added a Japanese flair.  They have a good selection menu item.  They have wide selection of alcohol and other beverages including saki.  The atmosphere is low key.  They had a display case with some sale items for sale at the front.It's pretty much the only sushi place in Casa Grande. . .luckily I don't eat sushi.
4	Been coming here for around 13 years, and it remains to be one of my favorite restaurants in the Casa Grande area. The owners are very nice and welcoming, and the menu has always stayed fairly the same except for the addition of the sushi bar and Japanese menu. The sushi is phenomenal and made on the spot. Prices are fairly affordable. This was always a place to go for a Friday night meal back in High School with a few friends. Have been ordering the Mongolian Beef dish for about 8 years now, and it's one of the best dishes on the menu. All of the soups taste good as well. They make a killer iced green tea, so make sure to try it out. The Lunch Menu is great if you're craving an entree with a smaller portion! Most go for under $8.00! Check it out.
3	If you must have sushi in Casa Grande, this may be your only option but it is a good one .- I was pleasantly surprised by this venue.  Tucked away in the corner of the dsame strip mall where you will find Kmart and Big Lots, endure and venture inside to find that those who love sushi in your party and those who really love Chinese will both find satisfying options.  I sat  at the sushi bar and the server there was attentive and caring.  The salad was fresh and the soup was nice and hot.  By the way, the dumplings on the wontons were the thick kind but the broth was not overly simple.  They added some veggies and some pork strips. I ordered both a chinese dish and also  a  crab roll that was quite good.  I would go again just to check consistency but in a bind, and if in the Casa Grande area, you cannot get better.
4	Had the nigiri sushi here for lunch. It was good. The miso soup was okay as well. I felt the salad was unique in that it was such a large portion in this deep bowl and had these marinated asparagus that it was topped with. I actually really like it! I would've liked that minced ginger sauce that some places put on their salad, but to each their own. I will definitely come back to try other things. They have two menus, one Japanese and one Chinese so there's a lot of menu options. I would like to try the noodle soup next time. I might even consider just getting the salad! Also, the server was really nice and attentive. Another thing to mention is a Japanese elderly couple came in and they were greeted in Japanese and they seem very happy to order sushi from the menu.So to update, I came back and ordered a noodle soup off the Chinese menu. It was lo mein in a clear broth and I got the combo so it had all kinda of meat and vegetables in there! It was pretty good but too big! I need a smaller portion... Which I'll ask for next time I go.
4	Living in Phoenix, I've gone to a lot of different restaurants (big & small, mom-pop & chain) for sushi.  I come down to Casa Grande a lot & never dreamed there would be sushi in Casa Grande. Imagine my surprise when I heard about Lucky Sushi. My friend & I tried it out for dinner the other night & we were very pleasantly surprised!  We had vegetable tempura (soooo good), a tuna roll, a Dragon Roll, and a Las Vegas Roll.  All of the rolls were done superbly and tasted just like those up in Phoenix, without the price.
5	Very good service and food was excellent. Had the sushi and sashimi platter, a great variety, fresh and excellent flavor. will definitely be returning.
4	Nice little restaurant with pretty good ambiance. The servers are always prompt & friendly, Japanese & Chinese food is pretty much as good as it gets in little Casa Grande. Sushi is ok. Try their "New" menu- the Mifun dishes are delicious.
5	I am from the San Francisco Bay Area, where Chinese food is the best.   I moved to C.G. 4 years ago, and have tried a lot of Chinese here.  I finally found Lucky restaurant and find it the best in town.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite places to eat in casa grande! I absolutely love the oyster on a half shell. I could eat here 5 out of 7days a week! Staff are very friendly.
4	Good meal, good food.  Very good wait staff.  A wee bit expensive, but that was minor compared to the quality of the food and the apparent cleanliness of the restaurant.  We were amazed at the number of folks that kept streaming in for carryout.  Since we've never been to the restaurant, the locals must have already discovered this little gem.  I'd almost give it five stars, but would want to try other items on the menu first.
