4	wow! haircuts that are done right everytime. no attitude, its pure style, fashion and budget merge on fast forward. you'll feel like you went to LA just to get your hair done. Call to make a reservation. Cuts starting at $12, unbelieveable. They sponsored the Locks of Love fundraiser and i've not had my hair cut by anyone else since then. Amazingly they have cut it right everytime! Most people don't cut curly hair, and having been hearding my hair for 13 years, I was determined to find the best stylist. Turns out there are several....all at Paul Mitchell The School.
5	I received a cut from one of the girls that's been there since July 09 straight out of high school, so I was a bit skeptical.She took me to the wash, and gave me the best scalp massage that almost put me to sleep!I have very long, stick straight Asian hair and I'm very particular about how I want my hair to be cut. Most stylist just end up cutting the length because that is what they want, but my stylist being a student listened to me very carefully.Overall, she did a wonderful job, and her professional on-looker helped with any snips she missed. The price only being $12, with a great cut is well worth it.I would just suggest bringing in some pictures, just in case you go in with very vague detail of how you want to look. These girls are still being trained, but all are very sweet!
1	I decided to try this school from the great reviews here on Yelp but ended up with horribly bad hair.  I was actually excited sitting in the lobby because there were tons of people waiting. I am thinking score but I hate to say this but when I saw the girl who was going to do my hair, I was like kinda plain jane looking not very exciting. I decided hey do not judge a book by its cover and boy was I wrong. I went in for a cut and color which ended up being 3 hours for just color. I also had to listen to the girl tell me how she was going to be having to take a leave of absence because she is pregnant, how she hated living in Phoenix and missing her family.  It was probably one of the worst experiences I have had and I am calling on Tuesday to see about getting a refund. What really made me angry is that the teacher saw what was happening to my hair and kept giving me this thumbs up. I also expressed my concern to the girl who was doing my hair when she was drying it. She said let me go get the teacher, umm yea the teacher didn't come back and just signed her card off. I was like maybe I am overreacting but after getting the reactions from family and friends I am not a happy camper.  I guess cheaper truly is not better and I am now going to have to pay to get this tragedy fixed. Do not go to this school for color!
5	My beloved hairdresser moved to Tucson **sobs in corner** This place is down the street from me and I needed a haircut and color soooo badly. I've been twice now and have had Becca (Rebeca) do my hair each time. She has done a fantastic job and my $55 hair cut and 2 color jobby gets just as many compliments as it did when I was going to my amazing stylist!! I will keep going back and will follow Becca to whatever salon she ends up going to whenever she graduates! NOTE: You can pay via a credit card BUT you cant tip the stylist, so bring cash!
4	Being lured by the opportunity of getting a decent haircut (and wash and blow dry!) for only $12, I took a chance and made an appointment. I was assigned to a girl, Tiffany who was graduating from her training in less than a month, so I felt comfortable immediately. I am not picky or high maintenance about my hair, and I felt like she wanted a lot of detail about EXACTLY how I wanted my hair cut, which I was having a hard time articulating. She was very friendly, very careful and attentive to detail, and checked in with me throughout the process so that there were no surprises and that we were on the same page (which I greatly appreciated. I thought the service was great, especially for the price, but my only qualm with this experience was the time.... I had only a wash, very simple cut, and simple blow dry and I was there 2 hours and 15 minutes... yikes!For someone like me, who spends little time on their hair, it was agonizing to sit for that long... however I am in full support of helping students train at their art, so I understand. I would go here again =)
4	This is the second time that I've had my hair cut at this school. First time...not so good. The student was preoccupied with fellow students, no one listened to what I wanted, and the instructor was the one who essentially gave me my haircut. But hey...whaddya want for $12!?This last time was nearly perfect!!! The student, Jordan, listened to everything that I told her! The instructor, Shirley, was helpful and encouraging, and the outcome was I received the cut that I asked for!!! My only problem was that it took 5 hours to cut and color my hair, and 3/4 of the way thru they switched out Jordan with a student who was not so good. Sweet...she was sweet as pie, but she lacked confidence and wasn't really sure of what she was doing.Be aware also that while you can pay with a credit/debit card, you CANNOT put a tip on either one of them, so bring cash.If you choose Paul Mitchell School or ANY hair school, go into it knowing that these are students and that your hair does in fact grow back. You're there as a learning tool and about 80% of the time you'll have a great experience!And if you go during the day, ask for Jordan! She really is very good!!
2	After 9 days I realized the cut I received was a horrendous disaster! And the haircolor used bled off onto my pillow EVERY night since!! In a pinch I wouldn't ever use this place for my hair ever again!Boo!!
3	Great prices, but the wait is so long!!
5	I dont understand why people are complaining about this school. this school is for students to learn to become a great stylist. besides you are not paying much for the service. let see if you can do their job and be half as good. if you want someone who don't make mistakes then go to a salon and pay a hefty bill. REMEMBER!!! this is a school that teaches students, and that having live people is how they learn. I support all the students at Paul Mitchell The School Phoenix. they all will become great stylist after they graduate.
2	so........... i take my daughter to get her hair done for prom... ANTHONY MEDEL did the most amazing job, her hair was ridiculous, exactly what she had asked for and then some... during the styling i had my other daughter (7) get her hair done to keep her busy and distracted.  The entire time I was there, I sat in the salon chair next to my oldest watching.  After my youngest was finished, she joined me and sat calmly and quietly on my lap.  We purchased water bottels and sweet treats that the students were selling as a fundraiser..  There were many, many empty salon chairs at the time.  A woman came upon us and very rudely asked if I was having a service done to which I replied, 'no, this is my daughter and my 7 year old just finished a service".  She VERY rudely stated that I would need to leave and move to the waiting area as I was not permitted to sit there.  I stated that I had been there quite some time and nobody else, including the stylist or any of the instructors had indicated that I needed to move.  I explained that I had been sitting there for almoset an hour to which she replied snarkily, "Well I was at lunch!"  The way she spoke to me completely ruined my experience.  I would love to take my kids back to Anthony, but I would not step foot in there again thanks to the rude woman.  It was explained that clients not having services cannot be in a chair unless they have a cape on because of the state board regulations, thats fair,  however, the woman who initially spoke to me was RUDE.  Had she approached me differently and explained the policy politely, I could have swallowed it.  Its not what you say, its how you say it.
4	First of all, Remember people, in the title of the business name, it does state: school. Give the future professionals a chance and plus your paying a great price for the experience and services. If your coloring your hair, dont forget to bring pictures along, it really helps with what you would like as the result. Dont forget to recieve the Awapuhi Wild Ginger Treatment, your hair will love you for that!! Give it a shot, even just one time and you'll be surprised how in depth they go in your consultation. Recieving a consultaton is really important when you go and get your hair done, no matter where you go!!
4	Get the Ahwapuhi Wild Ginger Deep Conditioning Treatment. Your hair will love you for it! Also, remember: These are STUDENTS. If you're used to in and out salon trips with Master Stylists and Artistic Directors . . . well,  you won't find that here. Make sure you block out a couple of hours in your schedule.Helpful Tip: You can't add gratuity on your card when you pay, so make sure you have cash handy to tip your stylist!
4	I've been here and always been happy with the color...
4	Came back here in May for an Ahwapuhi Wild Ginger Deep Conditioning Treatment with Missy F. and Sarah R. As always, absolutely luxurious! That soft feeling that lasts for weeks . . . Oh yeah! My longtime stylist at Madison Avenue was asking what I had been doing to my hair. :) I'm finding that the night staff here has a little more experience than the day staff, both in terms of what they do with your hair and their people skills, too. Worth repeating to anyone whose time is at a premium: These are STUDENTS. You are a guest (albeit, a paying one, but still) at their SCHOOL. Please do NOT be a jackass and tell the student who's working on your hair to speed things up, just finish or anything else of that nature. R-U-D-E! Seriously, witnessed several people around me getting services say this to students during my last visit and had to resist the urge to slap them to Kingdom Come. If you're in such a hurry or want something highly specific done to your hair, be willing to shell out some dough to see an Artistic Director or Master Stylist in a salon that's not a teaching facility. Or just go to Supercuts.  Paige Kimes did a fantastic job with the treatment, chatting me up, and one of the better blowouts I've had done in a while. The front desk staff has always been friendly. In May, PM runs their 2 for $22 sale on Shampoo, Conditioner . . . so the Dude had me pick up some of Paul Mitchell's Tea Tree Mint Shampoo they use at Sports Clips. What a Diva! I will definitely continue seeing Paige. Five months overdue for some Ahwapuhi Love, so hopefully soon!
1	Today, my oldest daughter AGAIN visited the school to take her sister for a birthday hair color... AGAIN, rude... what were we thinking... I hope they are not teaching their students these POOR customer service skills.
2	So I've been here several times....it's really hard to beat a $12 haircut and since I normally get something simple like a 2 inch trim or a few layers I find myself here every few months. I came in about 5 weeks ago and had Anna (Anne?) who had super cool pink/purple streaks in her hair. She did a fantastic job and would go back to see her (and would have given 5 stars!) but this review is about her learning leader. I don't remember her leader's name, but she's a tall brunette with a lot of curly hair. She talked very condescendingly to me and at the end of the cut I told her I wanted some face framing....and since Anna hadn't learned how to do that yet, her learning leader did it. Anna curled my hair so I didnt notice it until I washed and dried my hair at home. There was ZERO face framing. The leader simply took a pair of scissors to the middle of my neck line and cut perpendicular across my hair. It looks so stupid whenever I straighten it and multiple people have commented on what I did to my hair. So its been about 5 weeks and its BARELY started to grow out. So the lesson here is that the learning leaders don't always know what they're doing.
5	I am new to the Phoenix area,and really didn't know where to go for a haircut and color. I decided to give the Paul Mitchell Beauty School a try. I have been there twice now and just love Stephanie. Stephanie is a phase 2 student, she is going to go far in this business!!  She is very good and does a great job at cutting my hair and coloring it. I hope to be able to follow her once she graduates from the school here in a couple of months!!!! I would totally recommend going here for a color and haircut. Thank you Stephanie!! You are going to be awesome!!!!
