5	It's all about the beer here and I really enjoyed sitting at the bar with my husband enjoying all this great beer.  We dropped in on a Saturday evening around 6PM shortly after the Mondial de la Biere festival.  Because there were few people that early we were able to get great service and taste several recommendations before choosing.  I had really high expectations for the beer at this pub and then I had an excellent experience here!!  I was looking for something different and they really know how to pick them.  My husband and I ended up getting one that tasted a bit like bourbon (just based on the brewing) and another with a sour kick like Duchesse de Bourgogne.  They have a great selection of bottles including Rodenback, Gulden Draak Draak, Orval...On tap they had IPA's, belgian style summer blondes...We ordered their house-made maple syrup basted smoked meat which just really hit the spot!  I noticed from another table that the pizzas looked good and at $10 seemed like good value.  I would have ordered the grilled veggie... Decor is really laid back and there are four tables outside in a shaded area.
5	Stephanie did a good job describing this place. It's a great spot. Quite popular but with a crowd really sport oriented. In the last game of Canadian, I was there with a pretty ecclectic crowd of people and even though it could have gone wrong, this place has a nice vibe, really friendly, nice bunch of scotch as well, which is great when you feel like having a chaser of good scotch with a nice local beer. In fact, this place is great because there's plenty space, some music, nice people. It's a nice spot too. Not downtown, but manageable when you have a car or if you're willing to walk a little.
4	In my unending quest for great beer in Montreal, I arrived at Brouhaha. A cozy little pub on the northern end of town. Brouhaha features a variety of local guest taps to supplement its repertoire, and when I say variety, I do mean the entire garden. They tend to have at least a pair of options to suit every taste.  A very friendly, knowledgeable staff, and a better than average pub faire food creates a nice atmosphere for the beer enthusiast. I'm not as big of a fan of their house selections as I was their guest taps, but all around this one ranks high on the list of great locations for the Montreal beer snob in me.
5	If you're into beer, you will love this place. I like the setup, it's got a nice tavern kind of feel to it. There's a foosball table if you want to have a game. They usually have 4 or 5 of their beers on tap, along with a fairly extensive list of guest beers from other Quebec microbreweries. If you're looking for something imported, they have a huge list of bottled beer, but be prepared to pay for it. This is definitely one of the best brewpubs in Montreal. I prefer it to Benelux and I think it gives Dieu Du Ciel a run for it's money.
5	I love this bar!!! Its some where between a dive and trendy spot. Its dark, has plenty of tables and chairs, great local beers on tap, friendly service and good food. When we go we definitely make sure to arrive on an empty stomach, since the duck here is amazingly good and unique! For 12 bucks you get 6 duck legs prepared kind of like fried chicken, alongside an arugula salad, some fantastic french fries with 2  delicious creamy dipping sauces! My mouth is watering just writing this! Follow up this delicious meal with a perfectly poured pint of their IPA. Bliss!
5	I stumbled upon this glorious place last year on a Monday night and the first thing that greets my eyes is hulk hogan in the shower on the big screen. By the end of the night I am in the back room yelling with the crowd at a documentary and throwing corks at the screen in disapproval, approval, and for everything in between! Basically on Mondays, come early, go to the back room and watch crazy YouTube clips until ten and then the film of choice after that! Come early, drink beer, yell French obscenities and enjoy this wonderful place that is like no other! Oh yeah, get the fries. They are fantastic!
4	Well, I'm not a beer-drinker. I can admit it. But I do like cider. They have cider. If you don't drink beer though or hard stuff, the menu is a little shy. Bright side! The poutine was super yummy, as were the fries with the home-mayo. It was a nice discovery :) The back room was a little lonely, but that's only because the front of the place was PACKED!
4	Crazy international bottle list, and crazy pricey too but I guess that's the cost of this business in Quebec. Fortunately Brouhaha also does some really nice and affordable home brews, a sunny blanche, a spicey festival saison, organic stout and plenty more, and they host other great local brews on tap so lots of reasonable and delish drinking to be done here and fun stuff to splurge on if the inspiration strikes you. The bar is on a quiet corner off the beaten path out east a bit, and I think that contributes to the feeling inside, a mix of happy regulars who live in this area, and of beer lovers who have made the trek out here on purpose to spend time and money thoughtfully imbibing. The room is old, dim but warm and glowy, a beautiful old rolling blue door separating the main bar from the second room. Stone, wood and a well-lit foosball table (or babyfoot as we call it here.) Friendly no rush staff, lots to love, I'll be back plenty.
4	A lot of nice events, good choice of beers, Tv's and huge screen for hockey games, fast service everytime I went, really nice atsmosphere...And... And..... POUTIFLETTESorry but I guess that's a french thing : Poutine and TartifletteLike two of the best dishes ever put together in one ? I nearly cried of happiness while eating.Poutiflette for the win
