5	I heard about High Noon's Friday the 13th special.  They had an assortment of tattoos available for only $13!  Feeling impulsive, I stopped by and got a skull tattooed on my left hip.  The procedure was excellent!  This is not my first tattoo.  My artist was Luke, and he did a fantastic job!  The place was clean, and there is beautiful artwork on the walls.  The staff was really friendly and welcoming.
5	I've spent months and months looking for a tattoo artist to do my first tattoo. It is such a huge decision to me. I kept hearing about Mikey and High Noon Tattoo from a lot of my friends. I always loved the work that came out of this shop and I am SO glad I decided to go to High Noon. It was honestly the best experience. Not only is their work amazing, but the shop is so welcoming and clean and the staff couldn't be nicer. I felt so comfortable there and am so pleased with my tattoo. The prices are really great as well, especially for the amazing quality you get. Each artist there is incredible and will ensure that your tattoo is exactly what you want. I will go nowhere else for my future tattoos. I highly recommend High Noon tattoo.
5	Been getting tattooed here for the past 5 months or so by Mikey. Clean shop with great artists!
5	Hand's down best in Phoenix !!
5	Mikey is wonderful, took  a drawing I made for my husband's forearm of his mothers cancer ribbon with cancer colors in it, he tweaked it a bit made it very cool, and we love it. Mikey is an amazing artist, and the shop is exceptional. He has also done a tattoo on my mother in laws chest, it turned out more elaborate and detailed and beautiful than we ever could have imagined. A+ for Mikey, shop, staff, all the way around!
5	Mikey did a very large thigh piece on me and it is one of my favorites. It is a great studio and they do some of the greatest work around! Perfect shop for custom work:)
5	Aaron was amazing!! I brought in the image that I wanted done, that I had found on a website. I was concerned that he, or any artist at High Noon, wouldn't do it because I've been turned away before because the artist prefers to do original work. Never should have concerned me. Aaron was amazing, and when I offered him artistic license with the color scheme, he really took it to heart and made it very feminine but still bold. It's not in your face, but it doesn't back down. Like me!! He was done in 45 minutes and the detail is so precise, that my husband spent two hours taking it all in! It even appeals to my mom, who was very against the idea of me getting a second tattoo at all! The shop itself is very clean and styled to look like a wild west saloon. They did have the chiropractor's chair (my tattoo is on the low neck, mid shoulder area, and I was able to sit comfortably while I was being inked. Aaron waited until I was watching to pull out the individually wrapped, medically sterilized needle, which was also very reassuring! Absolutely the definition of professionalism for this business!! I am ecstatic and I'm thinking I may go in again for one of the original roses that they have there!! Beautiful!!!With my pricing rating, I'm basing it on my opinion of the complexity of the tattoo, the intensity of the color and the time it took. I'm not willing to divulge the price I paid, I'll leave that up to the guys. One thing to keep in mind, is they only take cash, but I really can't say I blame them. If you decide to get inked by anyone at High Noon, be prepared to be a walking gallery, because it's some of the most amazing art ever and you'll be dying to show it off!
5	My husband and I have driven from SD to Phoenix twice to have work done by Mikey.  We love the quality, his traditional is fantastic, and it's always worth the extra effort to make it out there.
5	Awesome. I was in Arizona during June. Saw Joseph. Amazing work. Amazing prices.  Went out of his way to work with my schedule. Even made a change for me before I left town. I look forward to doing business in the future. My next visit to AZ actually!!!
5	If you are in the Phoenix area, High Noon Tattoo is worth checking out. I had a couple of tattoos done a few years ago and had hoped to return to the same tattoo artist. Unfortunately, his store closed and he moved out-of-state. So I asked around, asked friends, and searched the internet. I knew the next tattoo I wanted required someone who could do portraits well. After all, I was not going to pay $ and later ask to be on "Tattoo Nightmare."      I eventually heard about Mikey at High Noon Tattoo. From the very beginning I was extremely pleased by his artwork online. I called him up, scheduled an appointment, and during my visit, I really liked the eclectic mix of western inspired furniture and some truly wicked (wicked being good) artwork. Further, the tattoo he ultimately did was done well. Mikey was extremely attentive to detail, the portrait looked like the picture I provided him, and the price was reasonable for the amount of time needed to tattoo my right leg.     I definitely plan to visit Mikey again before the year is out and I recommend you check High Noon Tattoo, too.
5	I have gotten two tattoos done by Mikey and have thoroughly enjoyed the experience each time. Everyone is really polite and knows how to create a fun environment during a not-so-pleasant experience. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a solid tattoo shop in Phoenix.
5	I was here a couple of years ago. Today confirmed that I'm not going anywhere else while I'm here in AZ! Jonny did an all-time FABULOUS job on my hummingbird. I was 100% satisfied with the atmosphere: great customer service, great people, splendor skills=1 Happy tattooed chick! I'm totally referring peeps out your way! Keep it FRESH!
5	First tattoo. Manny was great at keeping me calming and chatting with me thru the process. Super clean! Love my results!
5	Just got my first tattoo 2 days ago. The place was packed when I walked in (which is always a good sign) and they were still able to take me as a walk in within 30 mins of getting there. I was instantly greeted at the door when an artist, Nigel, immediately stopped his tattoo-in-progess and put my name down and took a look at what I was going to get. It was a calligraphy script going down my ribs about a 1 foot by 3 inches. After he finished his tattoo he took me to the desk and had me email him my design when he asked if I wanted to add anything to it, I said no. He printed it out and sized it on my and we were off to the races. He was  a really nice guy and tried talking to me several times throughout the inking process (took about an hour), however I was in waaaaay too much pain to hold a conversation. I had two friends with me and he had no problem with them coming back and hanging out while I was getting my tattoo. The store itself is super clean and pretty small. Do not be fooled by the outside of the little 2-story center it is in, the inside is MUCH nicer than the outside. Everyone there, employees and patrons alike, are really nice and open to all sorts of questions and concerns. People are smiling and it is really a great environment, especially if you are one of those super nervous first timers...as I was. NOW the TATTOO...WOW. It is honestly beautiful. I mean...stunning. The lines are amazingly clean and crisp and it looks even better than it did on the computer. Nigel did an absolutely amazing job. My mom absolutely DESPISES tattoos and even she thinks its stunning. Theres not wonder why when you type in "Best places to get a tattoo in Arizona", High Noon is one of the first to show up. I couldn't be happier with not only my tattoo, but my tattoo experience as a whole.
5	Wow!! I can't say enough good things about this tattoo parlor. Every time I've been in there, the place is packed with people, yet they always get me taken care of ASAP. The customer service here is simply the best in the valley. They are always polite and friendly. All of my best tattoos were done here. Rocky has been my artist for my last 2 tattoos and they are the best ones on my body. They are so bright and clean, I really love them. Rocky took the time to work with me and get my designs perfect. I will never go anywhere else!! Thanks Rocky
5	I went to High Noon for a cover-up tattoo. The shop has a laid back easy going atmosphere. Tattoo artist Nigel did a great job with covering up a small tattoo that I had grown dissatisfied with over the years. I was so satisfied I went back to get more work done. The second time around I was even more satisfied! I will definitely go back for more work.
5	Everyone is chill in this shop, Amazing Artists. Got a piece done by Rocky cool dude. Already have a 2nd tattoo scheduled with him. If you're looking to get some good ink done this is def the place to go. Only place I'll get tatted while in Arizona.
5	Very nice easy going shop, and easy to schedule appt online or over the phone. My husband's family referred me here since my first artist moved out of state.  I had Luke, and he is amazing!  My piece had small details and words.  He had perfect crisp lines and made it exactly how I wanted! Great artist, great place!  Will be coming here for the rest of my tats!
5	Johnny Wogan at high noon tattoo is amazing!  His freehand work is great and he is very artistic with wonderful ideas and suggestions. I'm going back to finish this next month and I'm really looking forward to it. He has a bit of a wait to get in with him, but he's definitely worth it
5	I've had Nigel Hirschi do two of my tattoos since I moved to Arizona. He's probably the most laid-back dude you'll meet, but super careful and professional. Both times I gave him the artistic freedom to choose the colors on my tattoos (I'm not creative, leave it to the creative people) and he drew them both up himself, not a tracer. I can't believe how great he is with color and just making the little details perfect. Something I also very much appreciate in an artist is that he doesn't talk to you the whole time while you're getting tattooed. I don't know about anyone else, but I like to lie there and zone out, and I really don't like to talk while getting tatted. Both times I was VERY happy with the price (have you seen prices for Phoenix artists?!?!)Of course I will be returning to Nigel to keep getting work done, and recommend him to anyone who asks.
5	I was nervous... getting my first tattoo is something I have been contemplating for a long long time, but going here for that experience was the right thing to do.  The ambiance, I imagine, isn't any different from any other tattoo shop.  It's in a strip mall, and is peppered with amazing people all united in cause.It hurt more than I was prepared for, but the pain became endearing as the process went on.  Everyone there was polite and friendly, and despite making many changes to the design of the actual tattoo, our artist was friendly and supportive.I enjoyed it so much I'm already planning my next one and it will certainly be here at High Noon - great job fellas!!
4	Great place as well as a buddy working there too! Would've given 5 stars but the loud heavy metal takes a bit away from the experience being as it's not typically my forte.. But, whatever gets the artist in their creative mood I guess. Very personable staff and the work speaks for itself! Call and book you an appointment today!
5	Competent, clean, professional, talented, enjoyable.  Manny produces what the customer wants still providing his own minor creative touches. Overall great experience.
