5	Grabbing a Yard Dog at Fat Tuesday is the Vegas thing to do.  It's the only place you can drink and walk the streets and you'll also look cool holding that tall glass of yummy goodness.We got two in celebration of the marathon: a pina colada and the bellini.  We also added 3 shots and life was good.  Sore?  Who's sore?  We were ready to party once again.The Yard Dogs stand 17 inches tall so check yourself at the door and be prepared for a good time.  This location was back at our hotel at Mandalay Bay on the 2nd floor near Luxor.
5	Fat Tuesday is awesome!!!  This location at Mandalay place is very convenient for someone going from the Luxor to Mandalay or vice versa.  You can expect all the favorite daiquiri's like 190 Octane.  An awesome tip for travelers is that they offer refills on the bigger containers.  This is great if your out for the a night on the strip being there are so many Fat Tuesday locations.
5	Who doesn't want to lug around a huge tube of frozen drink around Vegas, I mean, that's what you're there for right?  Luckily, there was one so close to our hotel!  Fat Tuesdays offers different varieties of frozen drinks and jello shots.  You get a huge funnel tube of drinks varying in different sizes.  The smallest one will def give u a good buzz, but it all depends on which flavor you get, ranging from mango, strawberry octaine, etc.  You can even mix them and they have a menu showing you their recommendations.  I ordered mango and starberry mixed.  They'll fill your tube up one after the other creating a nice effect and flavor pattern.  You're offered an additional shot, which they'll plug into the top of your drink, but you don't really need it.  Whats great is the first round is $18, and you can keep bringing your tube back for a $9 refill!! That's probably one of hte cheapest drinks in Vegas.  The $1 shots are super strong n taste super gross, haha.  Good value for your money.
5	Great location same drink's as all the other fat Tuesday location's and is located in Mandalay Bay place also get the jello shot's and extra shot's is a must.
5	A yard dog is an absolute must to have.  Fill it up with 190 Octane and you will be good to go for a couple of hours.  Maybe you should get a second one if you dare.  They have the buck jello shots, so spend the extra dough on those.  It's guarantee to do the body good.  This place was so convenient since we were staying at the Luxor and it was right in the hotel in case we had to pass out on the floor on the way back.  A YIPPEE for that!
5	Love this place!Great drinks, great prices, and even better refill prices. Live it up and get an extra shot. All hail the holy cup of Fat Tuesdays.
5	so apparently that long 22 oz bottle has 5 shots of alcohol in it?  well i didn't know that until i found myself somehow stumbling and slurring while watching the talking statues at ceasar's palace looking for a Little Ceasars because i wanted some pizza.  oh, and  i said "yes" when they asked if i wanted another additional shot.  cost me $13 total to get messed up in the daytime.  worth it?  yeah i think so.  i have this souvenir cup that i'm never gonna use ever again!  WOO.
5	Everytime I go to Vegas I make sure that I pack my Fat Tuesady cup, just so I can get cheaper refills! LOL! Don't laugh, I'm not the only one who does this.Don't forget to pack your cup, you can get a discounted refill at every Fat Tuesday location and at selected other frozen drink stations!Also don't forget to get you $1shot of choice!!!! It's soooo worth it!
5	Which Fat Tuesdays is this?? I went to 3 of their locations. See the thing is once I drink those drinks I tent to forget stuff. Like what location this check in was at O_oYES....they do THAT to you. What would Vegas be without those cheesy slushy alcoholic drinks? Let me start by telling you this is pretty much one of the only places I drink slushy drinks, because they have so much alcohol in them ;)Bottom line, cheap, good and fun! Don't even bother with other places, get your drink and I guarantee you'll have a great time. Might not remember much but you'll have fun. Oh and don't forget your extra shot for only a buck!
4	This is a great place for tasty frozen drinks. Mango is super tasty, and prices were fairly reasonable. The employees are really nice and helpful in suggesting tasty flavor options. I'm thinking about coming here later for a Miami vice!
4	I went to the one in Mandalay bay.  What a great way to grab a drink while walking through Mandalay Luxor and Excalibur.  I got I think the orange octane?  It was really good, and we got an extra shot added to the drinks for a dollar not bad.  I think it was 15 bucks for a drink in a souvenir cup.  I don't consider myself a lightweight when it comes to drinking by any means and I was buzzed pretty good after one of these.  Not bad!
5	"Must be born on or before today's date, 1991, to purchase alcohol" WELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLl what do you know about that. APRIL FOOLS BABY I'M THE 21 and YOU WILL SERVE ME WELL! Haha, they're pretty good about checking your ID, so make sure you have that handy, so you can get started on your Fat Tuesday on Sunday morning!! It was pretty short of amazing. Take your pick on cups and get started because once you have the cup, you can just keep coming back for more! My all time favorite is the 44 Magnum (190 Octane & Hurricane). A mixture of Orange Juice and Vodka-190 O and the Hurr- is a Strawberry and Rum Daiquiri. Noms, you really feel it in the slushy. You're all thinking that it's cute like something you get from Seven-11, but really it's absolutely delicious and wonderful, especially in that Las Vegas heat! There's a list of most enjoyed mixes, or you can create your own! For a dollar, it's an extra shot in your drink in a test tube. It's cute and a tad bit hard to get the vodka out, so I just waited until I was at the end of my daiquiri before unleashing that shot! It's at a continent location, in Mandalay Bay by shopping and hotels and casinos and they take cups and do refills from anywhere. It's the only Fat Tuesday in that general area, since the rest are Evening Call, but it's worth it and the prices are usually under 20$. The refills are like 11$ and under, so not bad not bad. Like a mini alcoholic slushy paying mini bar.I will be back. And you should come try, especially if you're thirsty.  (PS. I wasn't hurting the next time, even with the shots. I probably needed even more!)Not to mention, since it is Vegas, they take pretty much most forms of payment in terms of cards and cash!
5	Best deal on the strip
4	Las Vegas staple...you have to hit up Fat Tuesdays when you're in Vegas!  The cups are fun...from the half yard to the monster mug to the really big yard with a strap.  There are a few different flavors to choose from, and they give you some options on how to mix them up for different flavors too.  The 190 Octane is supposed to be super strong....  The line was long, but it went pretty quickly, so don't be intimidated.Tip #1: Refills are much cheaper with the refillable glasses, so get that if you are planning to have a few throughout your visit.Tip #2: Get the additional shot for only $1 more!
5	Love this place!The eye candy flavor is delish, and you can't beat paying $1 for an extra shot.  The staff is pleasant and are more than willing to give you samples if you can't decide.  Make sure to get a collectors cup so you can refill...much cheaper.  I believe there are three other locations on the strip.
3	I'm reviewing the forum shops location here. AVOID the margarita flavor unless your drink of choice is salty ice. They let you sample flavors which I recommend doing because sometimes the machines are out of syrup or something.. Extra shots for $1.00!! One of their frozen daquiri drinks will f@#k anyone up! I dont know if all the sugar supercharges the alcohol but im a 170 lb guy that drinks often and one 16oz lit me up... fast. cheers
5	Yummy frozen, alcoholic drinks on the Vegas strip with a double shot added for only $1???  How can you not give this place five stars?
5	Best place to get drinks on the strip! It's definitely worth the money and the $1 extra for an extra shot! Don't forget that if you use your old cup you get $3 off!I always get the Hurricane Bellini. Not too strong and not too weak!
5	From my walking around, this was the best value margarita station ($13 half yards with $10 refills) on the main strip and the drinks didnt disappoint.  Lots of different flavors to choose from too.
5	100oz 4xtra shots 2 everclear 2 of 151rum= a very happy customer. Keep your cup in case you need a refill and steer clear of the others.
5	Good people and good drinks at good prices! Loves this spot. Go for the 44 magnum. It'll keep u going all night if thats what you're into!
4	It is practically impossible to walk by this place on the strip when wandering Vegas. The drinks just call to you in all of their poisonous deliciousness. If you really want to be knocked on your butt, get the 190 Octane. It tastes delicious, but be warned it is stronger than it tastes! I like to save these puppies for day drinking/shopping while in Vegas so I have time to sleep it off before dinner. :)The drinks are reasonably priced and the portions are generous. Also, the extra shots are dirt cheap- which may or may not be a good thing! All of their glasses are souvenir style so you always have a friendly reminder sitting on your bar shelf at home of the day you blacked out on the strip of Las Vegas.
4	this place never disappoints. much better than the other alcholoic-slurpee shops.
5	Absolutely the best idea for adult beverages. It's a great value considering you can get a tiny drink for $10 at a restaurant but for the same price it's 4x the sizeAND DELICIOUSgreat placeHighly recommend
5	This was a nice surprise to see after walking around the strip.  We were disappointed when the Fat Tuesday was closed for renovations. This one is super clean and the guy tending the place was really nice offering to sample as many as we wanted prior to purchasing.  Take the $1 shot in the test tube.  It leaves you with a warm fuzzy feeling while looking like a tourist with a souvenir cup.
4	There are a million of these types of places in Vegas but this one seemed the best to me and even the best of this particular type. I had no idea that the different flavors came with different alcohols and in different strengths. It was the amaretto one that finally convinced me I needed one. Thankfully they let you sample before you buy so you can make sure you are choosing the right variety. Some are even made with grain alcohol which I forget all about since it can't be purchased where I am from. While prices are high these are quite delicious and extra shots are pretty reasonable. At this location they come in a test tube thing upside down in your drink which you pull out as you sip for an added boost. You can also get slightly cheaper refills at various places along the strip. Be forewarned though you must drink these all before getting on the bus and carrying them around does get old pretty fast once they are empty.
5	Perfect day time drink! Great price and gets you hammered quick!
5	Yay,For Fat Tuesday I have to say I tired every flavor they had and then some..lol Plus if your nice and happen to be a girl the bartender will give you a real shot and not just the shots in the tube..So when your in Vegas stop by this place it's awesome plus if you save your cup you refill will be cheaper.. So cheers I say to a lovely night in Vegas..
5	190 Octane with the x-tra $1 shot!!!!!!!  It doesn't take long to reach your goal at this place, whatever that may be.
4	It's not a trip to Vegas unless you stop at a Fat Tuesday and get a yard dog. Free samples, so it's definitely worth a stop just to try the different flavors. The guy working there (who was very nice) said the most popular was a mixture of 190 octane and cat 5. If you want to get wasted quickly, drink that combination! I opted for the peachtree bellini since I decided to get a yard dog (which I think is 28oz for $13). You can refill your yard dog (or any other size container) at any Fat Tuesday location (it's a couple bucks off the regular price). There's a small TV at this location and a few seats so you can hang out there too.
4	What can I say, cheap refillable alcohol to go.. It's tacky, cheesy, but wonderful..Great friendly service picking out a drink, fast service and cheap prices.. Just felt like a real tourist carrying out their drinks.But I'd go again
5	LMAO I have a special intoxicologist at this location. He mix my drinks better than anyone on his planet. Oh he never allows me to pick my own poison he just mix and stir and then he's like...Drink this.That's why I have a huge love for Fat Tuesdays it's a bar and the drinks are always good. Shots are always on sale. Now...I'm not much for drinking. But when I'm here I drink like a Pro oh I will drink you under the table. While in line I start to sing my song I ain't drunk by Jimmy Liggins The people who work here are kind and more than happy to keep you wet! See me their. I hit this spot more than I like to admit to and I always have fun ideas like now lets go hit the poker room. I'm hot! I'm on fire! & just lucky! And yeah I don't care what your thinking. I ain't Drink. I'm just drinking.
4	Hey! wait me! Outside is being dangerous so I tell you today why this place is god. This placed had cheap prices for road of ultimate size drink. Drink so bug that it makes neck tired long time. Also, bartender maked drinks in very cool style. They also have having many myriad of sexy flavor, my request to you today is the strawberry banana taste of ultimate for so good it make you want to practice buddhism in madaq tower all day every day of life of ultimate. Pro monster coach advice, be haveiong care when picking strongest shot they have on record, as it messed many of my firend coaches which made me LOL. Anyway, bad thing about this palce at present is that sometimes they long to take to make drink, and they no had no have no guitar shape/staute of liberty cup. Overall i like olverall 4/5baboo
4	Thank you Fat Tuesday for helping me get my mom buzzed/drunk!My mom is drawn to the yard long cups and requested two for the group, but we knew better and bought one. We got the $13 cup that comes with a $10 refill when you bring back the cup. Our bartender was sarcastic and funny. We tried a couple flavors and ultimately chose the peach and mango mix. The peach schnapps and mango flavor hid the fact that there was 151 in the drink. Needless the say, we had a good time with tasty drinks. My boyfriend got an long island iced tea and damn...they don't skimp on the booze. By the time we got there the line was short so no problems there. Yay! If you see a little Asian lady with a huge smile and an empty cup asking for a refill...that's my mom.
4	There's a lot of these types of places on the strip with their own gimmick. They sell generic weak daquiri's in weirdly shaped vessels. You can get one in the shape of electric guitars, eiffel towers, etc. but in my opinion FT's has the best flavors, and though it's not fancy, I feel like they're not giving you the cheap stuff. I live pretty far away from most popular tropical places, so when I go here I like to indulge in the frozen drink selection. Definitely recommend the cat 5 hurricane combo with the orange flavor. Really, if you're down from some frozen refreshment just come here. The other places have comps but FT's also has some premium liquors they can use to spice up your selection, and also a wide array of shapes and sizes so you can recycle the glass and get a dollar off if you come back.
3	Another item in my Vegas bucket list crossed off: walk around with a gigantic Fat Tuesday in hand. As I'm always driving around San Diego I rarely ever drink to get drunk but as I was just walking around Mandalay/Luxor area with cousins and everyone was going to get a 48oz Fat Tuesday in honor of my cousin turning 21, there wasn't a reason why I wouldn't join them. Fat Tuesdays are ubiquitous in Vegas and fits right in with the theme of Vegas being a city of decadence. There's 7 locations that are perfectly spaced so that you're never too far from a Fat Tuesday storefront. This is the most southern of the seven and conveniently located in the Shoppes at Mandalay Place between the Mandalay and Luxor. A 48oz Fat Tuesday is $18, a refill of a 48oz is $14. Like other people have mentioned, an extra shot is $1. You read that right, $1. If you can take that extra shot, I suggest that you do so. My 48oz had a combination of 191 Octane (OJ and Everclear) and Pina Colada (Pineapple, Coconut, Rum and Vanilla Ice Milk) with an extra shot. I was warned that Fat Tuesdays will slowly creep up on you so try not to drink all in one shot. Had a little brain freeze in the beginning but I slowly sipped mine. The taste of the drink tasted like a frozen blended drink, alcohol barely noticeable but nothing too spectacular worth mentioning. Took me about an hour and a half to finish everything, and I was struggling to finish mine when I was starting to reach the bulb. Even with a good fulfilling sushi dinner about an hour into sipping the drink I could just feel the effects of the alcohol creeping in on me. I was still able to have a conversation with people as well as my No1DP on FB, but at that point I had to conscientiously think about what I wrote that it made sense and I kept on making way too many typos. Even chugging water before sleeping I woke up to a rather bad hangover that took me several hours to rest and Advil to recover from. It reminded me that the days of a quick recovery from a night of drinking were no longer possible. Given the choice to do this again I'll probably just stick to the smaller sizes. If people in my party are drinking this I'll happily join them, but I wouldn't go out of my way to drink one myself.
1	My Letter to Fat Tuesday's Corporate Office:Good Afternoon,I am writing in regards to the horrible customer service that was given to us at your Las Vegas, MGM location this past Sunday-9/8/13.We were treated horribly by one of your servers; I believe her name was Jennifer.This was the first time we visited your location and we were very excited to try one of your infamous drinks on our vacation.Jennifer was the server that day and it was pretty slow when we came by. Jennifer was the only server and there was another group of people there before us-4 young men. Jennifer was very hospitable to them, she had even been chatting with the gentleman when we arrived. My group and I waited patiently, chatting amongst ourselves while she assisted them. After about 5-7 minutes, she still had not acknowledged us and was still having conversation with the young men while she made their drinks.My friends stayed waiting for her on one end of the bar, while I got up and walked over to her. I stood there waiting for a few minutes, and finally sat down right in front of Jennifer to get her attention-after all we just wanted to quickly grab our drinks and head on our way for our plans that day. Jennifer never looked up at me, or even said a word. The whole time I was sitting there, I started to grow very angry-I couldn't believe she was not even acknowledging that I was there. I even observed her get on her cell phone while making more drinks for the same 4 gentlemen and she just kept chatting away.At this point my friends said forget it; they didn't want a drink from Fat Tuesday's anymore. Unfortunately, one gal we were with still wanted to try one of the Fat Tuesday specials...so I stayed waiting in front of Jennifer. After about 10-12 minutes of sitting in front of her, she finally came to me and asked what I wanted. I told her and she asked what flavor I would like, so I told her "actually it is for the girl down there (I gestured to the other end of the bar), so I am not sure. I was just sitting here to get your help, but you can ask her." Jennifer still not moving from where the young men were, proceeded to tell me that she needs to see everyone's ID's and I said, "sure, they (gestured again to where my friend's were-a few steps away at the other end of the bar) will show you their ID's". I then walked to the other end of the bar where my friends were and thought Jennifer was following me. I was shocked when I looked up and saw she was still sitting there talking to the young men.Finally one of my friends yelled to her, "hello, can we please get some help here?", that is when Jennifer-your staff, shouted back to where we were sitting and said "I NEED TO SEE YOUR ID's!"This made all of us so upset. We all had no problem presenting our ID's, but Jennifer never even made the attempt to walk over to us to see our ID's or ask us what we would like.Is this the way you train your staff? This was our first time there, and this is how we were treated...we felt awful. Not a great way to start our vacation.My apologies if we were interrupting Jennifer's conversation with these gentlemen, but it is my experience that if you are working in the establishment-ALL of your customers should be assisted in a timely manner, not to mention with excellent customer service so they would be left with the great feeling of wanting to come back again.This was not the case here and I am hoping that with my message, management would address this situation in a fair and reasonable manner.Thank you for your time and I hope to hear from you soon.
5	I went to this Fat Tuesday so many times during my July Vegas trip that by the last day, the dude working there had stopped checking my I.D. The drinks are incredibly sweet and will give you a righteous hangover if you aren't used to sugary drinks/don't drink enough water, but they will also get you drunk as hell. My favorite mix was the Mango with Pina Colada. This flavor combination easily disguised the taste of my $1 shot of 151 (something I never drink in the real world), making it both delectable and dangerous. This is THE place to get your giant slushie drink while in Vegas. I'm going back in December and this will no doubt be my first stop.P.S. ALWAYS save your cup to get discounted drinks on return trips.
5	My wife love this place! There are a few locations but this one is in a nice shopping area. When we first went here, we were not sure what to get. Lucky for us everyone that works here is suer nice and lets you try different mixtures. Once you have decided, you choose what size you want, and enjoy! When your done they offer discounted refills at all Fat Tuesday locations. I love the Superman mix and my life likes the peach and hurricane mix. I have to recommend this place!
4	Definitely depends on what you get. Most of the time, it's really good! It'll also give you a good buzz while you're shopping/walking the Strip/etc.
5	Great recommendationsThey allow you to try any flavor you'd likeFriendly serviceCheap refills if you bring your cup backThis place always completes my vegas experience :)
4	This Fat Tuesdays is one of the Fat Tuesday locations with the least wait.  Came here twice in one day and didn't have to wait both times.  Love how I can get my quick refill on.  Great drinks to have a nice day buzz on.  Cheers!
4	Tasty/cheap-ish way to get to a happy buzz while wandering the strip. :) I had the hurricane in all its sweet, sugary goodness. Can't wait to try more next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Whether you're walking the strip or watching a show in the Luxor/Mandalay Bay - grab a drink here!A yard stick for $14 is not a bad deal at all. Keep in mind that for an extra shot is ONLY $1. Plus if you work at the Luxor - they'll give you a discount. So thank you to the female bartender who gave me and my boyfriend this drink for $11 including the extra shot.Drink responsibly folks.
4	There's fat tuesday's everywhere! I tried a lot of their flavors and most of them are pretty sweet in order to make them delicious and mask the liquor. I liked to mix my flavors and add a shot for $1-3 dollars! That is where the real value is! Keep your cups for cheaper refills if you plan on coming back multiple times. 32oz per person per hour should do the trick! Get you feeling real good - did you add a shot yet?
4	Well, it's Fat Tuesdays. See my other review for a different location that I frequent in Vegas at the Planet Hollywood location: http://www.yelp.com/biz/fat-tuesday-las-vegas-2?hrid=0htSHka_xqJgYhbX9Uvsww#src:selfThe MGM FT's definitely isn't as rowdy or friendly as the PH one but the drinks tasted the same. Maybe it helped that I have a standard (190 Octane with an extra shot) and don't venture past that. We were the only people there and the two bartenders (intoxicologists...lol) made us wait while they were just standing their talking to each other. Mildly annoying.I don't know how some crazy people can order a 48 oz or more drink...I have the smallest one they have (20 oz I think?) and I get stupid pretty quick. I had to sleep the 190 Octane off before the Tournament of Kings show at 830. That may be a testament that I'm getting old though. lolCheap, tasty, and the perfect way to get your Vegas buzz on from the get-go. Just do it. And I'm thrilled there's a billion locations now. Woot!
4	If you come to Vegas. You gotta go to Fat Tuesday. It's a must!Yard size and even half people size neck lanyards full of whatever frozen alcohol or daiquiri you like. And $1 Jell-O shots!! Ya can't say no!This was a little bar located just inside Mandalay bay, just crossing over from Luxor. I had what was called the "Pain in the A**" lol and it was super strong! 151 rum & coconut and can't remember what other flavor! Me and my bestie had to pound it all too quickly!Let's just say.We stopped by THREE times! ;)
5	I'm slightly embarrassed at how many times I went to this place in 4 hours, which I'm not going to tell, but every time I went there I got something different.We had a "Pain in the Ass", "MangoBerry", "44 Magnum", two Jell-O shots, two shots of Jack Daniels, two shots of Vodka, and one of those $35 whoppers with something in it. In the limited amount of time, I feel a connoisseur of all Daiquiri tastings! Who needs wine tastings when you can have a huge giant daiquiri instead? The only downside was the brain freeze from drinking too fast because we were in a hurry to go to a pool party!
4	Frozen drinks and a souvenir cup all for 11$?? I'm in.!!!  Many yummy flavors to choose from. My fav, mardi gras w 180 octane.  I almost didn't see it since there were so many trees but its located on the strip near paris hotel. I think a refill is $9 so don't throw away your cups.
4	Kinda far from the rooms but still better than having to leave the hotel for some. Peach Bellini is the best. Staff is friendly. Extra shots for $1 Don't fall for the wannabe fat tuesdays along the way.
4	I ordered the mango and strawberry yard stick with an extra shot of Bacardi dragon berry. The prices was kind of expensive I personally paid a good $20 for my yard. But I really enjoyed my drink. Try to drink it fast so the ice doesn't melt all the way!!
5	The 44 magnum and margarita are my fav ones.   It's nice that you can go from one to the other and all the drinks are the same and taste the same as well.  Bartenders are always friendly and helpful if you are not sure which drink you want.  I come here everytime I am in Vegas
5	Love the mixed frozen drinks the Jell-O shots and the extra shots of ever clear. The music is nice where we like to sit here and listen to it.I brought the party tumbler for $15 two months ago and refills are $11 perfect amount for me. I bring it every time I come or will be coming to Vegas.
5	Fat Tuesday's frozen drinks are great! I tried FT for the first time while in Mexico, but I really got the full experience in Vegas. I tried a few different flavors before settling on a mix of Pineapple Amaretto and Peach Bellini. SO good! You can also add a shot for ONE dollar! My boyfriend went with the 44 Magnum, which is a mix of the two strongest flavors - Cat 5 Hurricane and 190 Octane. Needless to say....he was drunk. Lol! We both got refillable containers and will be sure to carry them whenever we're going to a place with a FT.
5	It's Fat Tuesday, they have awesomely delicious flavors. I purchased the $15 car mug with Margarita and Bellini. It was everything that I hoped it would be. Compared to the $22 that I paid at the Mandalay Bay beach and the $13 mojito that I bought at Burger Bar the prices are not bad. It was $11 for a refill.
4	Who doesn't like some Fat Tuesday running in their blood when they're out in vegas? Someone put it well, that it's a bang for your buck, to get that buzz going for a small price. I think first time I had it, I got sick within 5 minutes because of the high sugar content, but I have built up my tolerance to sugary drinks. This stuff is pretty good. The jello shots were intense, I couldn't eat it, but it's only a dollar. Can't beat that.
5	A must visit whenever you're in Vegas. Each location is a small daiquiri bar with tons of different flavors. You sample all the flavors for free. Like taking icey shots before the real thing. The prices are great for the amount. I got a 32oz Cupholder cup for $15 of Peach Bellini/Pineapple Amaretto. Tasty greatness! You can also add shots from 1-5 dollars. Be wary with adding shots. You get a pretty strong buzz midway through the drink.If you keep your cup, you can get refills for a super low price. For my 32oz cup, refills are like $10. Easy way to save a little money and stay drunk in Vegas.
4	What you get when you wake up at noon in Vegas. So much fun to walk the strip or around vegas with a Fat Tuesday in your hands. Several sizes the basic one is $14 but refills are $11! You can sample. My favorite is mango & strawberry together
