4	Hidden away next to the flower section and Starbucks at Harris Teeter lies this little Chinese-Thai gem. The owners are very friendly and the food is just as good as any authentic Chinese/Thai takeout place.  Sesame beef and Lo Mein is a favorite of ours. You can place your order to go before you do your grocery shopping, then pick it up when  you are done.  Convenient!!
4	As described by a previous reviewer, this great "take-out" restaurant is inside the Harris-Teeter @ the Arboretum Shopping Ctr. Having lived in San Francisco for four years, our family is pretty picky about the quality of Asian cuisine, and this is about as good as you're going to get in Charlotte.    I carry a take out menu in my car, and to save time I call ahead and order. I'm always greeted with a smile, my order is always accurate, consistently tastes great, and large portions are reasonably priced. My kids favorites are the pan-fried dumplings, BBQ spareribs, orange chicken and orange beef. The pad thai is good, but lacks the sharp peanut flavor I've had at other restaurants. Great take out choice for party of one or ten, as long as you don't have to cook!
4	This little take away counter is overlooked  and some people might not even know it exist, but I can't even walk into this Harris Teeter without some hot red curry coming home with me.  It's also really reasonable. There are a few tables if you want to sit inside of the HT.
4	This little gem is tucked in the HT at Arboretum beside the Starbucks. It  has been around for a long time, but they are still churning out some really good quality take-out.  The owner and his wife are very friendly and always have a smile and time for a little chit-chat. We usually call ahead and the food is always fresh, hot, and ready to go. The portion sizes are good and there is usually enough to take the leftovers to lunch the next day.I sometimes place an order for take out while I am shopping and they get the food prepared pretty quickly.  They have great Chinese and Thai dishes!
2	The food here is decent, but nothing special when it comes to Chinese take-out. I will say there are other places nearby that are much better. The portions are pretty small, and sauces are bland. The owners are usually pretty nice when I go. The only reason I will come here is really for the convenience factor of it being in Harris Teeter. Other than that, I would not recommend.
4	After intermittent shopping at the Harris Teeter in which Chi Thai is located, and reading a few other reviews, the time was nigh to check out the grub! Located to the right upon entering HT, Chi Thai is a small takeout counter with tons of options. A great marriage of Chinese and Thai dishes with tons of great sides. We came in for a late lunch and ordered two lunch specials and two soups. Only took about 15 minutes as they prepared everything fresh. I ordered the Thai Kew Teaw which was grilled noodles, chicken, peppers, grilled onions, and a heavenly sriracha-esque sauce. Reminded me a lot of many other Thai dishes I've ordered with the smoky flavor of the noodles and the grilled, crispy veggies. My wife ordered a veggie noodle dish. Loved the thick lo mein noodles. The sauce they were tossed in was very mild and simple. The soups were great. Egg drop and hot & sour. The hot and sour was very thick and a little more on the sour side. Also, it had pork in it which is a little different. Not a bad addition. The eggdrop was very good. Thick and creamy, with tons of great egg  flavor. Lunch for the two of us was less than $20 and were super full. We didn't even eat dinner that night!Next time we're shopping at HT on 51, Chi Thai will be an easy choice for quick takeout.
4	I've been meaning to try this place for a year now. Finally, after getting home from a trip and not wanting to go too far, we decided to check Chi Thai out. We ordered and were told it would be about 15 minutes. We killed some time by buying some groceries. My wife and I both got the Pad Thai with Beef. The price surprised me as a little expensive ($9.95) but that was before I realized how much it was. I ate Pad Thai for three straight meals. So it's actually a pretty  good deal. It is much better than the other thai place we tried. I will look forward to going back and trying more.
4	Me Li and his food are awesome.  His fake out is better than most dine in Chinese restaurants.  Always reliable always good!Keep it up
5	Fantastic food.  The Chinese here is some if the best in the region and amazing fresh all made to order not pre cooked like most places.
1	Precooked noodles in Ragu like sauce.  I got the Thai food (Phod Thai).  Don't do it!  There was a sprinkling of vegetables and not much else.  I asked for extra lime and onion and they gave me a tiny end of a lemon (not a lime) and no extra onions.
5	I'm new to the area and have been looking for good chinese delivery or takeout. The food was so delicious and fresh I don't even mind they don't deliver. I ordered general Tso chicken, chicken wings and egg rolls. The prices were a bit high but certainly worth it an portions so big I will probably get 5 meals out of it. Chicken was spicy, and came with broccoli and white rice. All we're cooked perfectly. Wings were crispy. Egg rolls were a bit different but still delicious. Definitely, definitely recommend!!
3	Solid, handy option if you happen to live in the neighborhood or need to food shop and grab dinner at the same time. We ordered a cross-section of the thai and chinese menu options and our overall impression is that the ingredients are fresh and the portions GIANT! They literally give you enough for multiple meals. Not necessarily the most inventive preparation, but solid overall.Service is friendly and efficient.
5	I tried this take out restaurant tonight based on the recommendation of a coworker. My boyfriend has been searching for quality Chinese food in the area. Chi Thai definitely delivers, serving up large portions of Chinese and Thai. We placed our order in the store and it was prepared in 10 minutes. Great location in Harris Teeter with friendly staff too!
5	O M G!!! What a gem had I not read the yelp reviews, I would've passed this place by like a in house fast food joint.. boy would that have been an incorrect assumption! Flavor and freshness! Great customer service and interaction when they even bowed to my request of changing the type of curry I wanted in my dish! I ordered the vegetarian Kang Dang. On the menu it is described as, "Thai red curry in coconut cream sauce with cabbage, tofu, straw mushrooms, onions, red peppers, asparagus, green peppers and bamboo shoots".. but they willingly changed it per my request to yellow curry at no extra charge or major fuss. :D  After they obliged, I decided to also order the vegetarian Tom Kha, a Thai coconut cream soup with galangal and lemon grass, lemon leaf, tomato and straw mushroom. Since I got it veggie instead of meat, it also had peppers, onions, celery, broccoli and a slew of other welcoming and tasteful vegetables. Both dishes were surprisingly wonderful. I will gladly return, try other items, and suggest this eatery (there is a seating area behind the flowers, next to the Starbucks) to others! Happy eating!  ..and just to add their prices are high, but they are in point for quality.. and the owners/cooks are quite friendly.
