5	Each time I come her for services I'm amazed at the atmosphere. It's a bit of high society meets southern hospitality. The staff are friendly and perpetually smiling!  The main services that I get are body waxing and as painful as it can sound (and be) the cosmetologist, Lisa, makes it an enjoyable experience with her friendly attitude and her ability to maintain a great conversation.  I thoroughly enjoy this modern salon and spa and would recommend it for anyone!
5	Y'all, I think hair is stupid. It's always in your way, it takes way too much effort in the morning, it's hot in the summer and frizzy in the winter. Not to mention I have been genetically blessed with a head full of cowlicks. However, after an unfortunate-looking pixie cut in high school and the subsequent aftermath of growing it back out, I've come to accept the fact that hair care, while unpleasant, is not the place to cut corners. I've been coming here now for over a year, and have had several stylists. They give excellent customer service- any business that greets you with a cup of coffee is my type of place. I've been extremely pleased with my results from all 3 stylists I've used- they give good advice on which styles would not only look best, but work best for my lifestyle. Terri took one look at my jeans and wrinkled T-shirt covered in dog hair and knew that the choppy high-maintenance picture I brought in was not for me, and recommended something more wash and wear.They use Aveda products, which smell delicious. The scent lingers on your pillow for a few days afterwards. I haven't yet been able to rationalize spending $25 for shampoo to use at home, but it's a nice treat every few months. It is higher priced than I have been used to paying for haircuts in the past, but my hair also looked like crap in the past, so you get what you pay for. Whenever I start to think that maybe it's too much to spend just for a haircut, I think back on those awkward years when I was using a coupon for the $8.99 place, and it doesn't seem so bad. Consider it an investment in not looking a hot mess.
4	Nervousness is rising as I begin a new job next week and I knew I wanted to look amazing.  Of course I came to yelp to hear what others think and where to go.  Although the beginning was not the best (you don't get the actual salon that you're going to go to) everything was sorted out and I was booked for a color and cut.  The salon is very clean and has loads of natural light (which I like a lot). The receptionist was pleasant and I asked for iced tea which they didn't have but she said somebody could run to Trader Joe's for me (I declined but appreciated the offer and was impressed with it).What brought me to needing a haircut since I had just had one 5 days ago?  Because the previous haircut was horrible.  I looked like Edward Scissorhands had run through my head.  Stephanie was my colorist.  She did an incredible job!  The color looks amazing.  More than that Stephanie was so personable, warm, and friendly.  She even gave me some ideas of places I should visit around Charlotte (I'm new to the city).  I then went to Sean for my cut.  He was great!  My hair looks different than it ever has.  I like it a lot.  Sean was also nice and chatty without being annoying.  I had a really nice time talking with Stephanie and Sean.  There was some push of products but it wasn't annoying in any way.  I purchased a couple travel sizes so that I could try the product and not have to be out a great deal of $ in case I didn't like the products when I got home.The only reason why I didn't give this a 5 stars is because a) the scheduling was confusing and took forever and the fact that I wasn't told that the tips couldn't be attached to the card charge and had to either be cash or a personal check.  A bit frustrating.  Also, this was expensive (even more than my color/cut was in Seattle) but it's an instance where you do get what you pay for.  The other "weird" thing was that I had originally scheduled a wax but it wasn't offered and nobody said anything.
5	Modern Salon at Metropolitan has spoiled me! I originally came here on a recommendation and fell in love with Kuki, the hairstylist. She knew exactly which haircut would look great for my face and did an insanely great job on my color as well. After that first do, I continued to get tons of compliments on my locks!At Modern, I love the attentiveness of the staff, the cucumber water to drink while you are pampered, the shampoos that almost put you to sleep and the guarantee of knowing you'll look your best when you walk out. This place is definitely pricey, but if you don't mind dropping the cash for your coif, I would highly recommend it!
4	Great service and attention to detail in all the services I have had. The one disappointing thing is the turnover seems high at this location. Every time you get comfortable with the same person, they aren't there. Somewhat disappointing.
5	I have consistently excellent service from Alex. I color my hair, and complete strangers are often stopping me asking me who does my hair because they like my color so much. She is absolutely excellent, and she has even given me tips about how to make my color last longer so I can go an extra week or two between appointments. Love her! Highly recommended.
4	Great salon! I was able to make a last minute appointment, they checked in to see if I needed a drink while waiting, and were very friendly. I did wait a while after my appointment time was scheduled for but it was so worth it. Kasie did my hair cut and she did a fantastic job! The shampoo is nice and thorough and didn't burn my scalp - they even have foot rest that they can put up for you! ;) I would also say they use nice products and do offer them to you but are not too pushy with trying to get you to buy them!Great experience, reasonable price, friendly staff, and wonderful haircut by Kasie! Thanks Modern Salon!
2	While my stylist was friendly, engaging, and very welcoming, my keratin treatment  was a disaster.  I got the keratin express and the stylist was not thorough enough to get close to the roots and baby hairs.  I asked repeatedly for her to "get a little closer" and that she missed some spots, but eventually I just stopped asking because I can't tell someone how to do the entire process.  After washing it about 10 times this morning, most of my hair looks really nice but the roots and baby hairs stick out everywhere.  Anyone can take a straightener to the lengths of the hair, but styling the roots and baby hairs is so challenges (thus I get it treated with keratin).  This is my fourth treatment and I justify the cost and time of the procedure in that I will be spending less time each morning on styling, but now I'm just out of time in both ways.  I'm calling Modern tomorrow to see how they can remedy this situation. Unfortunately, I live an hour and a half away, so I can't "pop" in to get it fixed--coming by would entail a tank of gas plus three hours of travel time.
1	After a horrible haircut I called to notify the salon. They offered for me to come back and fix the haircut and even scheduled a new appointment. After I was told I was all set I was asked to hold again fit the third time. The receptionist came back and said they caulks no longer offer me a follow up visit. When I asked why she was completely clueless! I then asked to speak with a Manager and was transferred to a voicemail. In the process I might add, I was hung up on twice but called back even though t was annoying. The "manager" called me back an hour later clueless of the events. After I explained she wasn't willing to do anything for me. I even reminded her that my first call was simply to notify them if the terrible stylist. Still she was not willing to correct the situation. I informed her that I would be taking my business elsewhere.
4	Can I get some Adriana? Or maybe a bit of Miranda? How about some Alessandra?It's as if I walk in as average me and walk out straight onto the Victoria's Secret runway with bombshell hair. I kid you not, Modern Salon does some black magic behind its closed doors. 3 times out of 5 visits, I have been stopped in the streets about my new 'do. Keep talking, I'm listening.I've never been high maintenance about my haircut, but I've also never walked out of a salon in the past 23 years of my life thinking DANG, I look fabulous. Until Modern. In the five visits I've made, I've never stuck with one stylist (commitment phobe would be an understatement), yet each time the haircut has been consistently extraordinary, even with the gamut of stylists ranging in age, gender, and personal style. Modern must be forcing all of their stylists through some intense hairstyling bootcamp to create the results that they do.  Without fail, they turn my thick, unmanageable hair into long layered tresses of soft waves and swish-able volume. If only I could recreate the blowout after the first wash, but that's why no one is paying me to do hair. It's okay, I can live with having Candice Swanepoel's fashion show hair once every three months.
4	Great location and great service! I take my daughter to Karie for haircuts regularly and I have gotten trims by her. She takes the time to listen to what you want and provides feedback on what may or may not work. I highly recommend this particular location.
2	Ugh, I am so not happy right now. I literally just left after getting my eye brows waxed. Not only did Jackie butcher my eye brows, and one more than the other, it was $26, an increase from last time. I asked about the increase in price and they told me she was promoted so her prices are now higher. Done with Modern Spa & Salon. I would have stuck with Hannah who did a better job anyway if they would have told me that.
5	It probably helps that this place is just downstairs, so it is extremely convenient. Both my girlfriend and I get our haircut here and we always walk away completely satisfied. This is the type of salon that you get what you pay for and they are always very friendly and accommodating to our needs. What is really great about this place is that they will have cancellations, so we can slide in whenever we need to. I also love their products that they use in my hair and consistently use them whenever I can. I don't think I will be going anywhere else to get my haircut in Charlotte.
