4	Went in for breakfast.  Chicken fried steak and eggs- reminds me of my great grandfather's cooking.  Staff is extremely friendly and attentive.  The waitress outfits   Are a plus also.  Will definitely be back.  And the owner is not a racist as said in a previous review-just believes in the Constitution and the conservative ideas that helped create our nation's charter.
3	Monday 3-7pm Happy Hour: Buy one get one free beers & 25 CENT TACOS! My buddy Aaron put it best, these are basically bigger versions of Taco Bell's crunchy taco, but for .25 you can't beat 'em! They give you the "condiments in a 6-pack" deal, so you can load them up with Tapatio, Cholula, etc.I had 8 tacos (I know...) and a few beers: $10.50!!! I'll be back!
1	my two roommates and I decided to venture out to north forty because we had all wanted to try it for months but never got around to it. we've had great nights out while drinking at the south las vegas branch so we were excited going into it. This place took over an old "roadrunner" bar and grill that we enjoyed both for food and entertainment. We went on a sunday evening around 6 o'clock. there were only about FOUR tables occupied besides our own. we ordered a sampler platter, prime rib, and a burger. Burger: good size, very bland, ordered only TWO toppings one was missing. sampler: it was appetizers so hard to mess up. nothing on there was that good though. chicken wings were alright. prime rib: TERRIBLE. we hate sending food back but this thing was tough as hell, not very hot (probably sitting there since that afternoon). we sent it back, and the replacement was just as bad. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. our waitress was very friendly, however, she took our order correctly but messed up the burger order AND totally forgot to bring an order of potato skins to the table and STILL billed it to us. when we brought it up she said "we have no idea where it went....are you sure you didn't get it?"what kind of question is that? either it wasn't made or you took it to the wrong table and the people there didn't speak up. don't talk to us like we are so dumb that we can't remember getting one of 4 plates or decided to eat and hide the plate to pocket a cool 6 bucks. I may visit for the nightlife, but i will never revisit or recommend their food. bring back roadrunners or at least the cooks!
4	All I need to say is all you can drink free beer on Fridays.
4	The latest in the Saga of Eating Challenges.....Stoney's North Forty was selected as the location for the 4 lb Omelet eating challenge.  Scheduled for a 9 AM start, I had to rush to get there in time to witness the action.  Four guys in our group of 12 were going for it.I didn't participate in the Challenge, but posted some pics of the Giant Omelette & participants.  I brought my Son along to witness the tomfoolery.  We opted to split an order of Potato Skins....yeah, I know B-O-R-I-N-G.....compared to the 4 lb Omelet, but I knew there was no way I could do it and I didn't feel like starting off my Sunday with a major stomachache.  The Skins were topped with Sour Cream, Bacon, Beef, Cheese, and Green Onions....Ranch was provided for dipping.  To wash it down, I had an Iced Tea.Our food came out pretty fast and the waitress was pretty cool to handle our huge order.  The Omelets came out first.....they are really, really BIG!  Not only is it a giant Omelet....but it's covered in Gravy, and you must eat 2 Biscuits & Hasbrowns in addition to that thing in order to complete the challenge.  Scott T gave it a valiant effort and came up a few ounces short of finishing the Omelet....seriously, check out the pic....he was soooo close, but couldn't do it.  Ken M who organized this thing did ok....respectable.....plus had ate it with a Shiner Bock....+1 for Ken for a Beer at 9 AM!Our Skins were very tasty.....the combination of toppings went well together.  The Sour Cream was drizzled over the top of the Skins instead of a blob of it that you have to put on yourself.....for some reason I prefer it drizzled over the Skins like they do it.  The Skins are very large too.....and stuffed full of the toppings....I'm glad I split it with my Son.....I was full after eating 1/2 of the order.Looking around the joint, it's a Country Western Dance Hall at night with plenty of room on the dance floor.  There's also a mechanical Bull in the corner for those who dare.....needless to say, nobody in our group was in the mood for a Bull Ride.....not after trying to house a 4 lb Omelet, ha!Overall, it was a great time....Will I return?  Yee haw!  that means "Yes" in Cowboy....I think.
2	After the remodel they hang a huge sign that says FREE beer Fridays.  You pretty much have to go if you see that right?So I stop in with a friend about 9:00 at night.  It is nice inside - more of a dance club than a restaurant or bar.  Huge dance floor with some tables around.  It has an outdoor patio, too.  The venue is set up for a good dance place.$5 cover - maybe it was $10 can't remember.  Not too busy.  The free beer is natty light or PBR!  Yeeha.. passed on that and ordered some drinks.  Bartenders were friendly.No comment on the food, I thought it was like a club...didn't even see anyone eating.So I am looking around to see if there are some attractive available ladies to chat with - and the dance floor has like teenagers line dancing???  What is that???  Who brings their kids to a night club?  I guess they are 21 and over after 10:00pm.   That was wierd.  The crowd over all wasn't too much fun.  Some goofballs there for some free beer.  I thought they were going to start smashing the cans on their forehead!  This place could be turned into a fun honkey tonk kinda place...but for now - i would skip it. Vegas could use a fun locals joint.  Stoney - drop the free beer nights.  Get a band in there.  Do a ladies night or something.  Get a mechanichal bull.  Free PBR is just dumb!
1	Service was slow, don't ever try beer battered bacon.
5	This was my first time here and it was for monday night football. Eagles vs Redskins. Me and two buddies went because we heard about the $5 all you can drink beer during the game with nickel drafts during half time and free shots every touch down.The free beer is either Busch or Busch lite, I went with the light and it was just fine. Plus before the game it was buy one get one free! Needless to say it was a pretty good deal. We sat down and ordered $1 worth of tacos each and that hit the spot. The tacos were only 25 cents each and they were big and delicious. The game starts and the first pass is a touchdown, That means free shots! This music comes on thats now one of my favorites and says shots shots shots to some house music! Long story short the game broke the monday night football scoring record and I got about 9-10 free shots. After the game the place pretty much cleared out and we left at around 9:00 p.m.   The waitresses and bartenders are pretty friendly and fast. All and all it was a great monday night football hangout and I left with spending about $20 the whole night including tips!! will definately be here every monday night.
4	After a nice day just driving around seeing how much Vegas had grown, we run up on Stoney's North Forty. We didn't know what to think, but we ventured in like a couple old people that lost our way. The waitress (Kristy) came right over and showed us how to get to the table and chairs. Kristy recommended the special for lunch, Ham and Bacon Sandwich with French fries and the fixings for homemade fry sauce. She kept our glasses full of ice cold water. She then recommended a deep fried apple pie with ice cream. Ummmm good and enough to share. The lunch special and desert came to $18.34 plus tip. A very good lunch, A must try again
5	This place is a lot of fun to go to! it is not the nightclub feel at all. There is no cover charge and wednesday nights are ladies nights and its unlimited free drinks for women & fridays are unlimited beer for $5. There are free line dance lessons wed-saturday at 730. these would be very helpful if you don't know the dancing! There is a lot of country music and almost all of it is to line dancing, and two step. They play some pop to line dancing & also have bouts of "freestyle" and play hiphop/rap/pop. it is a very fun enviornment and there's tables to sit at, friendly cocktail waitreses & bartenders, there's beer pong, pool tables, a mechanical bull, an outside patio....its a fun time! theres breakfast, lunch, dinner served & i've never been, but then around 8pm ish they start changing the setting to the night bar atmosphere. After 7pm it's 18+ & then if they are enforcing it (don't always) 18-20 year olds have to leave by 930-1030.
4	Great country bar.  Free dance lessons, drink deals almost every day.  Not the best place to eat with a group after 7pm, but only because they start their music then and it is hard to talk at the table.
4	So, I think I have figured it out: Stoney's is a great place for cheap taco's & beer during football. It's fun at night for country line-dancing. It's just not a great restaurant, not even for lunch. Both times that we have gone to sit down & eat we were disappointed with the food, service & price.So, it's not my choice for dining out, that's ok, cuz on a Monday afternoon, don't be surprised to see me hanging on to the bar eating cheap food & pounding beers.
2	Looks like it would be a great place to hang out at. Not a good restaurant. Horrible food.
5	$5 lunch specials and girls in daisy dukes!  What more could a man ask for..  Love this place
1	We tried to have a nice breakfast on Sunday morning. However the service rates as one of the worst I've experienced. First off, it took 10 minutes to place our drink order. The bartender had to come over because the service was so slow. Then after placing the order and waited for an hour, the waitress came by saying our order got mixed up. Can I tell you how difficult it is to entertain kids that long? Then when I asked for the manager to explain the enormous delay, manager did not come within 10 minutes. We left. If you have kids,  DO NOT GET BREAKFAST HERE. Our bad for thinking this was a kid friendly restaurant.
3	When I first walked into Stoney's North Forty, I thought I walked into a hamster cage, not a restaurant. While I could have done without the wood chips scattered throughout the floor of North Forty, the food and service was actually quite good! This came as a surprise to me because this place was completely empty! Even though I don't dance (I'm as white as they come) and I hate country music (okay; maybe I'm NOT as white as they come), I felt comfortable eating inside of North Forty. With the big dance floor in the middle of the restaurant, I envisioned how rednecks must be having the time of their lives on Friday and Saturday nights. With FREE dance lessons and occasional FREE live events (American Idol's Bo Bice, baby!), Stoney's North Forty is a white people paradise.The food itself at North Forty was pretty good. From the smell emanating from the restaurant you could tell they use a BBQ smoker. The portions that you receive for the price are about what you would expect. I didn't really care for the coleslaw (made with horseradish and slimy), but the philly cheese steak was big, tasty, and made me hot in the pants. Don't expect extraordinary eats at North Forty, but there is a little something for everyone. Did I mention they have their own homemade barbecue sauces? YEE HAW, PARDNER!If you take away the poop sprayed all over one of the ladies room toilets and the wood chips on the floor (sorry to repeat myself; the wood chips aren't only tacky but how do you sweep around them? If they sweep...), Stoney's North Forty would have earned a four star rating. For lack of a more creative finish; go to Stoney's, cowboy.
4	Great place for large takeout orders.  We've just had the Austin Feast and it more than lived up to expectations.  Ribs were great, the brisket was really good and no complaints with any of the sides.  The BBQ sauce made every part better.  Definitely the best BBQ joint in the Northwest since Salt Lick left the Santa Fe.  One con was that it took three calls to have anyone pick up to place the order (after a long automated phone maze).
4	To Rate Stoney N40 you have to actually look at the two sides of Stoney's, the saloon/food and the club/dance hall. Food half four stars, club/dance hall pushing 3. This is a smoke free location which is a huge plus. I prefered Stoney's over Revolver for this reason.First off with the good: The food and service is excellent. We eat at the bar and the bartenders have always made every meal the best. Each time we've asked to substitute something else on the menu we have been accommodated. I've eaten at Famous Dave's, Mesquite BBQ, Dickie's and Lucile's.. I think Stoney's is on par with Famous Dave's, the customer service, and the local feel gives it a step above any franchise. We eat here weekly and if you don't like the food, your just don't know good BBQ. They need to advertise more though.The Bad: The club/dance hall is lacking. They are competing with Revolver which is close by. Stoney's has recently started mixing club music within country music. Listening to Luke Bryant then going to Lady Gaga. It just doesn't do it for me at all. This typically brings in a mix from country hats to flat bill affliction-tapout-wear-young kids. Mostly everyone gets along well. They need to have gaming machines at the bar to bring in more people, which will bring in more revenue and hopefully then they can go back to being a country bar,
3	We ate lunch at North 40 on a Sunday afternoon, so did not see the honky tonk in full swing.  There are 3 enormous TVs on the wall and you could hear the volume of 1 of the NFL games.  This was nice, and it made it easy to watch.For our meal, we had a 2 meat platter (pulled pork and brisket) and a 3 meat platter (ribs, hot link and BBQ chicken).  For sides, we had mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, beans and potato salad.  Pulled pork:  standard, decently juicy but dry in spots.  Needed sauce.Brisket:  tender and flavorful but a bit dry.  I bet if you get a good piece of this it's a winner.Ribs:  great flavor, tender, but not too tender.  The end was slightly burnt."Hot" Link:  this was not spicy at all, and is more akin to a polish sausage.  It would be great if called a sausage and not a hot link.Chicken:  the dark meat was better than the white, which was a little dry.The mac n cheese was the best side by far.  The beans and potato salad were not good.  Lacked flavor.  Also, a hot sauce on the table would be nice other than Tabasco.  Just spice up the normal sauce with cayenne powder or something.  Overall, the portions are large and you may get messy.  It was worth it and we will likely return, just don't expect to be blown away.
3	The food here is very good (maybe as good as Famous Dave's, maybe not quite as good...there's an ongoing debate in our house), and I love the dance hall atmosphere. I'll defo go back. I had to give it only an A-OK rating because the service was kinda slow and the speakers at the rear dining area were too loud and they turned our lights down to where we couldn't see our food and wouldn't turn them back up when we asked (this was early...only about 8 and the dancefloor hadn't filled or anything). Hmmm...this is sounding more like a 2-star meh review, but I still liked the food and the country dancehall atmosphere. I'm giving them an A-OK rating because I (rightly or wrongly) WANT to love them because I love the concept of the place and the food was A-OK. For now, I'm sticking with 3 stars.
3	Another country restaurant/bar option if you want to head north...
4	I have been here a number of times; there is not many food choices in the Northwest. Yesterday I came here for breakfast with a friend. I like their breakfast overall. The have later breakfast hours than most places, although only offered on weekends. It is about $10 per entree, however, it appeared popular as there were many families and kids eat free for breakfast. I have had the hash and eggs here, the hash is made there, but I will say it isn't traditional it is more like chopped up brisket - and I like it although I wouldn't really call it hash.  This last time I had the chili cheese omelet and pancakes. They have huge portions, and I don't know if the pancakes were a mix, probably, but they were good and hot. The omelet was tasty, a decent amount of melted cheese and good chili.   I will say that the hash browns were frozen which was a down side. The country potatoes are made there (at least per asking before) but they were kind of mushy before so I didn't get them. I have been here for dinner before too - not my favorite BBQ but pretty good brisket and again they are good enough that I would go back. The sides are lacking - the corn tastes frozen and I don't have anything that really sticks out as a decent side, but overall due to the meat I like it, and they have brewed ice tea.
4	The food was great, but it was so slow that night that the huge building just seemed sad. There were only two servers working (?) and so the service was a little slow. In my opinion, the food was better than the other bbq joints that I have tried in Vegas; Memphis Championship, Buzz, TC's, and Famous Dave's.
3	We had the Austin sized family meal, which by the way its sooo much food.  I really liked  the meats they were really tender and juicy.  The thing i didn't like was the Mac and Cheese and the Coleslaw, the mac tasted weird and the slaw had waaayy to much mayo, also the cornbread was grainy and super hard, and dry, it was gross, it felt like i was eating sand. But the fries and corn were delicious as the meats.  The place is very clean, its very big, but its to dark.  The service was excellent, our food came out hot and on time.   I'm kinda of in between with this place that's why i give it 3 stars. overall its ok i guess.......
4	I really, really like this place. It feels like Texas, sounds like Texas, and tastes like Texas (I'm from Texas). The food is excellent. My husband and I disagree about whether North Forty or Famous Dave's is better, but we do agree that North Forty's brisket wins hands down. Solid 4 stars. My only suggestion is to please get fried okra on the menu! If you do that, I'll come back and give you 5 stars! (okra blackmail!!)
4	The month of July they were running a $12.95 AYCE ribs daily ( normally only done 2-9 Sundays) so the BF wanted to go. We have passed up this place for late night eats since it becomes country nightlife and I'm about as country as Anna Wintour. We came for lunch when it was quiet though the country music playing capped my year dose. The ribs themselves were surprisingly good. There was a visible smoke ring on the ribs and the smokey flavor was present and just the right amount. The ribs were trimmed right as they werent overly fatty, the were tender, juicy and meaty. They had 3 types of sauces - original, a spicy and a sweet one and all were solid. The plate comes with 2 sides and cornbread. Both the BF and I grabbed cowboy beans which was really good sweetness but a touch of tang. I got mac n cheese which at first I wasnt a fan of, but I grew to like after a few bites. It seems like it's milk cooked so its less saucy but had flavor. The BF grabbed some tater tots which were really crispy though slightly salty to me. The cornbread I wasn't a fan of as it was very dry and seemed stale. Service was friendly and good. She checked on us, brought us ribs, filled our drinks in a timely manner. I am pleasantly surprised with this place. I thought it was gonna have adequate BBQ, but it's pretty solid. We rarely eat meat, or a lot of meat but I would definitely consider coming back with my in laws who like BBQ. It's far North but if you're in the area and want BBQ ribs this is definitely going to satisfy.
5	Tried to go for dinner last night, and it was CLOSED!!!   Just tried calling the phone number, and it's not in service.  Anyone know what happened???????
5	Had come here previously with a $10 for $20 groupon on sunday for AYCE ribs. I thought all you got were ribs and you had to buy the sides, but nope. The AyCE ribs came with 2 sides, corn, and cornbread. They bring out half a rack to start you off, and boy were they tender and fall off the bone good. I was pleasantly surprised that they were bbq'd so well. After i devoured my half rack, I kept asking for more ribs and they came in 3's. I like this idea so that way they stay warm and fresh versus having to eat cold ribs that sat on my plate and turned cold by the time I get to them. Service was excellent and they even had a band playing while you ate. The music was entertaining. I would be back. Update: apparently no one answers the phones as I wanted to know if they still had the sunday AYCE special ad the website is gone.Update again 8/25/12: They are now out of business. RIP North Forty
4	Let me start out that I absolutely love the atmosphere of learning how to line dance, along with having a huge section of food and entertainment (pool, bar, and gambling)!The food is AMAZING! I know that out of all of the trays we had ordered... the sausages, ribs, and pulled pork had been annihilated! I highly recommend ordering any of those three along with the beans and mashed potatoes for side dishes! Also, we came here on a Saturday night, so the event may have been a bit more entertaining with such a large crowd of individuals I have never met before!
