5	Great food. Ordered spaghetti carbonara which was not on the menu. They were happy to make it for me and it was delicious! The atmosphere is terrific. Murals on the walls are beautiful. Waitress was attentive and knowledgeable. Like an earlier review said, the chianti was really good. Highly recommended.
5	Excellent Italian in Scottsdale Ranch!  We enjoyed our second meal last evening with friends that had never been to this estabishment.  The special chicken encrusted in parmesan was light and delicious served with house made pasta.  Our guests enjoyed the risotto and cleaned their bowls ... as previously mentioned the bread / house wine very good as are the house made desserts!  This is clearly a neighborhood gem.
4	This place is quite good.  We came on a Saturday at 8PM and there were not that many folks there.  I think they get an older crowd that eats earlier.  That is fine with me.  This is not Scottsdale hip which thrills me.  (nothing iin Scottsdale is hip anyhow, but the phonies sure like to pretend it is),They decorated it like an old Italian place, and the food is traditional and very good.  Fresh warm bread and olive oil makes for a good start.  We got the brushetta mix, and had tasty bites of several kinds.  Salad comes with the meal and is good enough.  I had the chicken marsala which was very tasty and my husband enjoyed the egg dipped tilapia.  The pasta sides were perfect, cooked al dente and very nicely flavored.Service was a tad slow.  This is a family operation.  If you don't need BS trendy loud places and just want good food served nicely try this out for sure.
4	Ate there again and food really is good.  But service was terrible.  They were about 2/3 full and the chef got overwhelmed.  The owner who was also our server went back and cooked our meal!  Lucily he knows how to cook.  I think we will wait to go back until after the snow birds hit their nests again.  Too bad as we really enjoyed the food.
5	This Italian restaurant is a hidden gem which needs to be visited!! I am out from California and with the help of yelp discovered it. A must have the Penne Principessa and Terra Mia Bolognese two unique and flavorful dishes!! Their sauces are wonderful and their manicotti homemade woot hoo
4	Tastefully decorated, good food, attentive service- almost empty restaurant at 6pm on a Saturday.  Delicious bruschetta appetizer- It had just enough onion and garlic to differentiate it from the sweet tomato bruschetta that has become popular elsewhere.  Excellent quality mussels with tasty broth.  Entrees were good.  Mom and pop operation run with care and love.  Will these guys make it?
