4	Hot, hot, hot!  This is how I would describe our trip to Montreal during the heatwave of '10.  And the Hotel Le St-Andre was a bit warm, too.  It took a while for our room to cool down in over ninety degree heat.  However, I think this is pretty unusual for Montreal so I have to cut them some slack.  I found this hotel randomly on kayak.com and my perception of the hotel is pretty much summed up in the other review on yelp.  The front desk people are extremely friendly.  They actually bring you a breakfast of croissants, baguettes, tea, coffee, and fruit juices right to your door in the morning; how lovely!  And they speak English, so I don't have to say "Je ne parle pas Francais" and look like a fool.  The free parking is great but yes, a little sketchy.  There was a bum sleeping outside of the building right next to our hotel, but I felt safe with my husband.  However, I did like "The Village" area  just down the street!  For the price, $191 for two nights (this includes taxes) was not bad.  This includes free parking, free breakfast, and free wi-fi.  Go to Montreal, even if you are not rich and enjoy the Hotel Le St-Andre.
4	I really enjoyed the weekend I spent at the Hotel Le St-Andre. It's right on the edge of the gay village, so if that's where you're planning on spending most of your time, the location is excellent. It's also only a few minutes away from the green metro line, and a 10-20-minute walk from Mount Royal Park, the Old Ports, and Old Montreal.The beds were a little hard, but other than that, I had no complaints. The front desk and cleaning staff were very friendly and helpful, there was free parking, free wifi, free continental breakfast (croissant, bread, juice, and tea or coffee), and air conditioning in the rooms.It's not the fanciest hotel in the world, but given the fantastic location and the amenities, the price is a steal. Definitely recommended.
4	Been using this hotel every time I go back for the last few years now.... Recently paid a visit to the hotel again, and they never disappoint!!! Great price  & great staff !!! Very small & cozy, hotel has different sizes of rooms available!!! Highly recommend to those who's looking for affordable pricing hotel at downtown Montreal east area!!!!
4	I have stayed here a few times in the past few years and have always been satisfied.  Though the hotel is a little run-down, the place is always clean.  Staff is always friendly and helpful.  Price varies by season but is always a pretty good value.The location isn't bad.  It's less than two blocks to a green line metro station.  As someone else mentioned, it's not far from the bus station.  A few low-cost eating choices are within walking distance.Very limited parking space is available - approximately six spaces for a sixty-room hotel (in other words, don't be surprised if on-site parking isn't available).  Spaces are small too, and probably wouldn't accommodate a larger truck or SUV.My biggest complaint is that sound carries easily from room to room.  this is true of many hotels/motels but it seems especially bad in this hotel.  Still, I'd recommend it to people who aren't used to staying at the Hilton.
