4	I've come to this place a few times over the years and always enjoyed the laid back feel to it. The Princess Cinema, which is a long-standing indie movie theatre institution in Waterloo, expanded a few years back to create the Princess Twin, along with the Princess Cafe, which opens off of one side of the theatre.There is a clean look to the decor, with elegantly matted artwork on the walls and a light, airy feel to the interior. It feels like a cosy, inviting place to hang out of an afternoon or evening. There are also little adorable button bouquets on all the tables, a mishmash of whitewashed chairs at the tables and water is served in vintage glasses with cool old images on them--all of which add up to a really appealing, groovy vibe (they were playing Medeski, Martin & Wood when we came in--another point in their favour and good addition to the feel).On this occasion, we came by here because we had Groupons--but we will most definitely be back. The meal included paninis, a side and a coffee. My decaf was delicious, as was my California Veggie panini, along with a walnut side with balsamic dressing. My companion had an Italian panini with a pasta salad (pasta, olives, feta). He also passed on the coffee and instead purchased their dessert hot chocolate, which is thick and super rich--check out the photos of the spoon standing upright in it--more like warm, thick chocolate pudding in a cup than drinking chocolate, really.In all, a really nice place to hang out--and of course, the movie theatre and magic store (complete with the sign "children left unattended will be sold to the circus") all add to the overall feel.BTW, sorry for the dim images--we came at night and our table was in one of the less brightly lit portions of the cafe. Hopefully you can make out the spoon standing in the hot chocolate, and the panini and salad (with cloth napkins and vintage glasses).
5	Bacon jam. Seriously, that ought to be enough!Anyways, Cheeses Murphy is this crazy little grilled cheese masterpiece that operates out of the Princess Cinema ticket booth window on Fridays and Saturdays. I heard about them on twitter, and decided to check them out last night on my way home from a Halloween party. Sometimes all you really need on your way home from the bar / pub / club / house party / late night whatever is a delicious grilled cheese - and these guys are here to let you indulge in that need!
5	The Princess cafe makes the best sandwiches in the city.
5	Amazing simple food, better people. Hands down the best sandwich in Waterloo, the fresh bread is to die for! They have great soups as well made fresh daily. As a sweet loving person their display of cakes and tarts is so appealing. The homemade taste elevates this place 1000%Everything is fresh and delicious
