5	This airline rocks! Theyre always organized, on time, and friendly! What more can I say...wish they all could be like aslaska:-)
5	Was a great flight both to and from....the service was great and we had no issues. The flights were on time and actually got us to our destinations early.....I can't wait for our next flight to Hawaii and I will rent their awesome in flight entertainment machine saw two great movies last time!
3	I always fly Alaska Airlines but this last time what a joke. The flight itself was great to and from I have no complaints there. My complaints are with the staff at the Vegas terminal. You are SUPPOSE to arrive early for your flight and we are all standing there EARLY and finally all the workers come waltzing out together and it took them 10 minutes to get their computers up and running. Lucky for me I was the first in line because ya know, I was there EARLY and then oopps the gals printer didn't work and she had to go use yet another computer. So how about folks come out a tad early and get stuff up and running. There is no direction on where to stand in line. This self check BS is for the birds. Some a-hole jumped the line and instead of telling him to go the back of the line they helped him while other who have been standing there FOREVER just looked on because no one wants to raise hell is the airport because we just want to go home. You need to get your act together Vegas Terminal 3 because you are giving AA a bad name!And another thing. I paid $25 to check my bag. Ok that stinks but I do it. I get to the terminal and they offered anyone who would be willing to check their bag they would do it for free. Ummm that pissed me off..
4	Alaska was my preferred carrier on the west coast until I decided to make the jump to loyalty program for a much larger network. I always have liked Alaska's level of service, however, and if I'm flying somewhere that's more convenient for Alaska's routes, then it's my top pick. For PDX-LAS - my normal carrier requires a two-leg journey, which is stupid. So Alaska is my go-to. They have multiple non-stop flights per day, and at least some of the planes have been updated with the new power outlets at every seat. And of course gogo in flght wifi. While airline service across the board is a mere shadow of what it used to be, as far as the current standards go, Alaska still wins in my book... unless you put it up against Virgin, which has pretty rad service too. That said, the folks who work these flights are nice and friendly. As much as the seat sizes and baggage nonsense make it feel like cattle call in Economy, the crews on the ground and in the air don't contribute to it at all. And when flying to and from LAS, where it seems the majority of people don't listen or can't understand basic rules/etiquette, they offer a firm display of reminders that I wish all gate agents would. Like turning people away from boarding when they're trying to board ahead of their group. Or not letting people with rollers on in the group that's supposed to be boarding without rollers. My one main gripe with boarding is that they do offer earlier boarding to people who only have bags that will fit under the seat. Guess what? Those people still mostly put those bags in overhead. Frankly if they offered gate-check where I could get my bag at the gate on the other end, I'd be happy to send my roller below. But otherwise it's all out battle for those overheads. Aside from my main issue with their boarding processes, I dig the rest of the way they do things at Alaska. And I'll keep digging it... especially on this route.
1	If I could give NEGATIVE STARS I WOULD! This is my 2nd time flying with them & while I can accept the lower quality accomodations for the prices, there is no excuse for rude & incompetent staff.  I arrived over an hour early for my flight & patiently waited at the gate assigned.  40 min before scheduled take off I decide to use the restroom before boarding. I hear them call that they are boarding my flight so finish up & head back. I see there are only a couple ppl left as I am approaching.  Then I realize they are being turned away with little explanation by an impatient looking older woman who took off from the kiosk before I even got over there. This was at 10:30 for a flight scheduled to take off at 10:50. I chase the woman down & as she is walking away she says just wait around someone will be back in a few hours. . .uh ok thanks. When I attempted further inquiry she made it ckear she was annoyed, repeated herself & went into a secured hallway. So now im sitting at the terminal, writing this review & hoping I can find out this rude womans name so that I can report her DIRECTLY.  There is no reason to be in a position that involves customer service if you have no intention of serving your customers. Plenty of people would be glaf to be helpful AND smiling for the chance to have any job much less working for an airline. I will definitely never book w this one again considering they definitely arent interested in providing a decent traveling experience for their clients.
4	I really like Alaska Airlines. Sure it's not the nicest plane you'll fly on, but there is a reason that is so much cheaper to fly with them then most other airlines on the west coast.Flights out of boise are way cheaper than any where else. The staff is always really nice and my flight has never been delayed or crashed.Until I can find a better/cheaper mode of transportation I'm sticking with Alaska. I love the way they fly
