4	I'm a big mani/pedi girl and absolutely adore NY Nails. It's reasonably priced (about $28 for a manicure and pedicure) and the staff is friendly. The best part is the massage. Unlike most places, you'll get a good 10 minute massage when you get a pedicure and if you're a working girl -- or even guy who likes to keep his feet clean and isn't afraid of a little touch up from time to time! -- you're sure to enjoy it here.
1	Just went here yesterday. They sucked. My friend and i told them two manicures. They didn't give me a manicure, they just painted my nails, no filing, nothing. When what really made me mad was that on their sign in sheet i put 'regular manicure'. My friend got tips, she told me the lady wasn't even paying attention while she was filing them and didn't take off leftover glue still on her nail. My nails cost 6 bucks, but thats for nothing but painting them, at least it wasnt more.They told me in the beginning 27 dollars for hers and then they said 25 later. OH by the way they have no price sheet or anything so i thought that that was kind of tacky and annoying since you cant really decide what you want unless you have to ask.All i have to say is..This place has lost my buisness!I have gone here once before and wasnt sure because it was so long ago but i rememeber they didnt do my french manicure that good either.I hope you take my advice
1	Nails look good but awful service!I went to NY Nails for a pedi and a mani.  I paid $35 for both, no salt scrub but I did upgrade to a french manicure.  The massage on the legs and feet were painful, Way too much pressure, I'm surprised he didn't notice I was almost in tears from the pain and there was no massage on the hands.By the time I left I had 3 different nail techs work on me. I though that was weird and rude. They just passed me off to the next tech when one had to leave and I got there 1 hour before closing.When it was time to pay I had a gift certificate which I didn't realize had expired a few month earlier. NY nails is a family owned salon and they refused to take the gift certificate even though they could have but they are too selfish and by not honoring it I will never go there again.  I even gave them a 20% tip and the service was awful and they made me feel unimportant as a customer. As for the nails, they do look good, the polish hasn't chipped much in the 5 days I've had them done but this place is not worth the bad service and cost.
5	Sad to see there are negative reviews about this place. I have had fantastic experiences here. Always friendly and polite. They are very thorough and never rush through the services even when there are people waiting. I love the variety of nail designs. Last christmas I had bows painted on like Christmas presents and everyone who saw it complimented them. Would definitely recommend giving them a try!
5	always had great service at this salon. nails were always done correctly, and I always got compliments on the work they did. They are a very clean salon. They do get busy and i do advise going during times that are less busy if you feel you want to take your time or you would like a little more personalized services.
1	This place was horrible!!!!! DO NOT go to this place! First off, they told me that it would take 30 minutes for a mani/pedi and it took over an hour and half. Secondly, they charged me $70 for both a mani and pedi, when the other reviews claim $35 for both. Third off, they cut a chunk of skin out of my toe and it is still very painful. Fourthly, they ran my debit card and now I have fraudulent activity on my account from CHINA for over a $1000! This place is a BIG scam!!!! You've been WARNED!
4	They did a great job on my toes, no appointment needed, they also do gel manicures and pedicures, I have not tried this, but will in the future.  They were very profession and nice and my pedicure still looks lovely after a week in heels.  :)
5	I love NY Nails!  I travel all around the country quite frequently and ALWAYS stop in to NY Nails for a pedicure when I'm in town.  I am picky about cleanliness and nail art. NY Nails has this mastered.  NY Nails is the best in the country for pedicures at reasonable prices!  :)
4	Nails . . . so many choices and not all good . . . so I like to go with recommendations. NY Nails was recommended when I first moved back to town. I tried them and every time I've returned I have felt like I have gotten very good service. Nails (both tips and piggies) look great. They do have a "team work" system when they are busy. If you get both fingers & toes done, sometimes you will have multiple technicians working on you. Makes good business sense to me. They are busy. It is a good location, but always good service. Keeps them busy. Unless I have made an appointment with someone special, i sometimes get "passed around," but even when busy they do a very good job.They are friendly and recognize me as a returning customer.  As long as they continue to do a good job on my tips and piggies, I will continue to go back.  And . . . I will continue to recommend them to friends looking for a nail spot to go.
4	Went here after getting my nails jacked up at another salon close to my house. Came in this afternoon and had a full gel set put on. Love my nails and have already received compliments. I'm anal retentive and notice the minor mistakes, but otherwise a normal person looking at them probably wouldn't notice.Go to Kim she's fast and knows what looks good!
5	Always a great experience and some great looking nails!
4	This is fast becoming a place that I am liking. This is my 2nd time here now. I just might go back again on Saturday, right before I leave town again so I have good toes and feet.Why only 4 stars, well it is not the cleanest place, but then again it is not the dirtiest either.The girl that has helped me both times has not ever given me her card. Nor do I know her name.But, she has done a great job on my nails. Usually my manicure only lasts about 2 days before it chips. As I am a working class person and work with my hands. But, her mani lasted 4 days the first time and 5 days the 2nd, This is really good believe me. Plus, my toes still look fabulous. Lots of parking in the lot, right by Whole Foods. Not too high priced either.
4	Stopped in when I broke a nail and my regular place was closed already. Great repair, great conversation and it was done very quickly. If my regular place is ever closed again I will certainly visit NY Nails again.
5	I have been away for a year and boy have I missed all of you. I walked back in last week and got the same girl that did my nails two years ago! So... happy. She remembered me and remembered how I like my nails. My nails haven't looked this good in so.... long. So glad I got to go there and see them again, I plan on making a special trip when ever I can to have her do my nails. Just haven't found anyone that can do them as good.
5	I have been going to this place for about 5 years now and the service is always great.  The quality of the work is amazing and they are always friendly.I took my mom there for Mother's Day and one of the nail techs misunderstood and painted her nails with regular polish instead of gel and although he was nearly done when we realized the mistake, he was happy to start all over again.  A few minutes later one of the other nail techs who spoke a bit better English came over and apologized for the misunderstanding.  This speaks volumes to me as they truly strive to make you happy.I have had some issues with them in regards to the gel polish cracking within a few days but once I go back they are happy to re-do my nails without any problems and of course free of charge. I love this place!
4	I don't always get pedicures, but when I do.. it is because I don't want to touch that flawed piece of human extremity myself. Thinking of the foot as a degenerate hand with piglets for fingers all crammed up on top like Bert's (Sesame Street reference) hairdo, doesn't appeal to me in the least. So if I can pay someone else to do it - so be it. The problem is, that I am very ticklish when it comes to my toesy-woesies. Coming in was like any other place, but without the overwhelming acetone smell and bad attitude. It was pleasant to just walk in, get seated right away and taken care of. Something I appreciate. Standard chairs with foot bath in the end, nice enough. But what makes this place a place I will return to, from a guys perspective... they didn't skimp out on the massage part. You know that feeling when they rush and just half-ass the effort... yeah, none of that. I sat there and had conversation while getting a really nice massage of feet and lower legs. This is what I pay for.. so this will be my go to place for pedis.
4	Love the ladies and gents at ny nails. I always do a walk-in and they always get me in!! Fair prices and good service. I don't go anywhere else in Tempe!
5	I've been going for pedicures for over 5 years and I am never disappointed. I have tried other nail places but always return.  They remember me and they allow you to relax without talking or rushing.  Wonderful massage and polish job! I never have to wait long to get in and Starbucks and Whole Foods are walking distance.
2	Went in to get a pedicure on Tuesday, December 23rd with a friend. I had heard good things about this place and decided to give it a try. We had appointments at 6 but weren't taken back till around 6:15. The water was cold so it already didn't start out well. I wear shellac on my toes and I told my tech not to remove it. She still tried (she thought it was regular polish). So I told her it was shellac but she didn't have to remove it, so she went over and grabbed a drill. I had to tell the guy working next to us to tell her she didn't have to remove it. All I really wanted was a massage and the callus remover. The massage was horrible. It felt like she was digging her nail into the middle of my foot. I'm still having pain from it. She didn't massage my heels at all. It was very quick. The only thing that was good was the callus remover but I can do the same thing at home.
