5	Walid did a great job tailoring a custom Brooks Brothers jacket (retail $800+) that I found at the factory story ($40).  For $40, he took in the Portly 44 and turned it into a 42 Regular. He was quick to point out the working button holes and equally quick to tell me NOT to tailor another jacket.  He could have taken my money but he was honest and said the jacket didn't need tailoring.He helped me understand his work and also took the time to explain how he completed the tapering, so that I would know which sizes and fits would best be altered.  This saved me a lot of money, as the factory store does not accept returns.I currently live in DC and I still get my tailoring done here while I'm in town.In contrast, I paid a bit less at an Asian tailor that shall remain nameless down Park Road, but found that my pants still did not fit after tailoring.
4	Great tailoring hands down. I've had jeans taken in, dresses altered and hems taken up - all perfectly done. I will say, though, that you get what you pay for, i.e. it's not affordable tailoring.  A pair of jeans cost $20 to be taken in, and $20 for hemmed pants or dress. While I personally think it's worth it for expert tailoring, others may think it's a bit overpriced for some of the basic tailoring. Also, the staff are all very nice and will give very helpful tailoring advice when asked. You can trust your nicest pieces here - they are in good hands!
5	I generally agree with the above -- Wali is the best tailor in South Charlotte.  He isn't cheap, but this is money well invested if you like nice clothes and want them to show properly.  Going elsewhere would be penny-wise/pound-foolish, in my opinion.
5	Wali is a master tailor and does fantastic work altering jackets, pants ... you name it, he can do it.  He is attentive and really listens to what the customer wants done.  He takes pride in his work and makes sure the customer is satisfied with the piece before leaving the shop.
5	Walid is by far the best tailor in Charlotte.   I found him through Yelp and other sites.I've gone there several times with my high end items.  After first testing him out with one of my more inexpensive sportcoats, I've gone back continually since.  If you're a novice to getting your clothing tailored, he will explain exactly what he feels is needed.  And he won't try to upsell you on anything.It will be a little pricier than others, but it's worth it.  A few extra dollars will be well worth all the compliments you get.
5	The rest of the reviews are spot-on. I found out about Myers Park Tailors via Yelp and am so glad I did. Walid is very knowledgeable, capable, and friendly. He gives you all the professional advice he can, but still lets you make the decision on what you want to do. I had two pairs of pants taken in and the fit is worlds apart from what it was. I don't wear a suit often, but have one lower to mid quality suit that I keep around just in case. I wanted to have the jacket fitted and Walid gave me the option of simply taking it in around the  mid-section or going completely custom with it. I opted to have it custom fitted and it was worth the money. The suit fits much better, looks much better, and is much more versatile now. From what a friend has told me, prices are right inline with other tailors in the area. I found them quite reasonable myself, regardless of what other businesses are charging.
4	I've just had one alteration job done here -- three pairs of pants shortened, at $14 a pop.  Which really seems fairly economical compared to having three pairs of expensive pants sitting in the closet because I can't wear them without stepping on the hems.  They were fast and efficient, and the pants are the perfect length and break correctly on my leg, so I'll be happy wearing them.  I plan to give them some more complicated work soon and will update.
5	Walid is truly a master at his craft.  I was referred to him by a gentleman at the Southpark Mall, and I wont use anyone else now.  My boyfriend ordered a suit online and when it came in, it clearly needed work but we only trusted Walid to tell us the truth.  He was very honest and said it just would never look right, not worth the money to try.  So he offered to keep the suit in his shop to see if he could get some offers! If you are looking for a cheap tailor, this is not the place for you.  You get what you pay for and he is worth it.
5	After a visit to another tailor had me fearing for the fate of my gala gown, Walid restored my faith in humanity. Ok, that might be a bit dramatic, but you don't  mess with a girl's fancy dress. Or at least don't shake her confidence in your ability to alter without issue.Thankfully, Walid was simply amazing and lived up to the reputation that preceded him: Professional, polished and honest.My dress was altered beautifully (I won't have to wear a bra, and I am not lacking in the chest department). The service and workmanship at Myers Park Tailors is a wonderful example of getting what you pay for: perfection.
5	I drove past this gem of a stop about 3 times until I finally found it!  It's tucked in the back of King's Court Shopping Plaza off Kings Dr.  When I got there I told Wally that I had read great reviews about his tailoring skills and he proved me right!  I brought him 4 dress that I've had for years and I wanted to alter them.  He gave me the best suggestions for each one of my dresses after really listening to what I wanted.  I loved his customer service skills so much that I had my husband bring his shirts in two days after I went to see Wally!  Life is great when you have found a fantastic tailor!  Note, you get a discount if you pay cash/check but he does accept credit cards.
5	I have never had an alteration done before, so it figures that I would choose the day before a wedding to go shopping for the perfect dress, and THEN decide to get it hemmed. I called 3 alteration shops before this one, and they all laughed at me. Literally.When I called Myers Park Tailors, Walid (I guess? I hate that I didn't get his name) calmly asked me what I needed done, and told me that he couldn't promise anything, but that if I could get it there in 30 minutes he could take a look.  I rushed in 10 minutes past his 30 minute deadline, but he took it in stride with a good sense of humor to boot, pinned up my dress, and had it ready for me in LESS THAN 24 HOURS. Like I said, I've never had anything hemmed before, but as far as I could tell it was flawless.  I would recommend Myers Park Tailors to ANYONE now, if only for his kindness and honesty. Luckily, the work is also really good. ;-)
5	Walid is AMAZING!!!  On a Saturday night a week before my best friends wedding I tried on my bridesmaid dress and it was too tight in the chest area.  Although it was wearable, I knew that I was not going to be able to fully enjoy myself the way it was.  As it was late Saturday night and everything was closed on Sunday I wasn't going to be able to reach anyone till Monday and I was leaving for NY on Wednesday.  Finally after a lot of searching i found the website for Myers Park Tailors.  Their website had a email address so I immediately emailed them hoping that I would get a reply.  By early Sunday afternoon I had received an email from Walid who told me they were closed on Monday but bring my dress in on Tuesday and he would have it finished by end of the day Tuesday.  I was very nervous as he was my only hope, and he did not let me down!!  Tuesday morning I dropped off my dress and as promised Walid had it finished by the end of the day on Tuesday. I was expecting for the price to be a bit outrageous for a last minute emergency alteration but his price was completely reasonable and what I would expect to pay if he had a week to do the alteration!!!  I was finally able to breathe and enjoyed every moment of my best friends wedding!!!  I will only be using Walid for all of my future alteration needs!!
5	Great tailor, I went in today for the first time and the service was great. He was quick, he knew what he was talking about, and gave a really fair price. I would recommend to anyone looking for some quality workmanship for a great price.
5	This is a really great tailor! He is so honest and really will do what is best for items I have a formal gown that I bought to wear to a wedding.  A few weeks before the wedding I put the dress on and thought it looked a little tight over my butt. The zipper was riding up in the back and it looked terrible. When I brought it in he took a look at he said there wasn't enough fabric in the seams to let it out. He ask me to try it on to see if there was a tuning he could do. After looking at it on he said that it looked like the dress was effective that the lining was longer than the overlay and that what was making it bunch. I really appreciated his honesty when he told me that if he did anything to it it would probably look worse i have now ordered another dress and hopefully this one will be right. Instead of saying he could fix it and charging me what I am sure would have been a pretty penny he was honest and that is a sign of an honest tailor! I would definitely recommend Myers Park Tailor!
5	Bought a suit online from one of my favorite vendors. Knew I needed to get it tailored locally, but didn't know where to go. Asked some friends and Myers Park Tailors was recommended over and over.Walid nailed the exact fit I was looking for at a lower price then I expected to pay. Great work and customer service. I'll be back.
5	This may be an unconventional review as it isn't about their tailoring, but maybe my perspective can help someone make a decision about doing business with them.  I took my wedding dress in because the bustline wasn't fitting well; after a friendly greeting and a look at my dress, they told me they could do the alterations but they would be quite expensive.  They gave me a few ideas for ways I could adjust the fit myself (all of which were free or really inexpensive).  I tried their suggestions and the dress fits beautifully, and I was able to save the precious cash for other wedding expenses.So I wrote this comment because I strongly feel that a business owner who will honestly advise a customer regardless of the money they make from them (or lack thereof) is worthy of endorsing.  Trust and integrity go a long way -  the next time I do need to pay for alterations, I'll happily give them my money.
5	Believe the reviews, tastemakers. Walid is all that. Seriously flawless work and helpful advice for the care of my blazer's fabric that I don't think anyone else would have thought to share with me. He took the time to show me how to reverse stubborn fabric memory to help my garment hang better than I ever expected. He's my go-to now.
5	Amazing service, advice and craftsmanship!  Going to MPT is effortless and he is ready to provide clothing advice should you need some.  You can't miss with Myers Park Tailors.
5	I did not use his service because he told me that the corrections that I needed in my clothes would not look good after.  He could have just done it and take the money, but he preferred to advise me and not do the work. Definitely will be back when I need something to be done.
5	I have used Myers Park Tailors multiple times over the last few years and have always been very pleased. Most recently, they worked on the suit I'll be wearing for my wedding in a few weeks. It turned out great and my fiancee even said that I looked like a GQ model (God bless her).
5	The service, the quality of work, and the turnaround time this business provides is superb. The owner was honest with me about what he is and isn't able to do with what I brought him every time. I really appreciate when a person I'm trying to do business with provides what I want and tactfully guides me in the right direction, Wally does this effortlessly.
5	My man does it again.  Have taken 5 jackets to him now to tailor.  He has advised me on brands to buy that fit my build, told me to pass on tailoring pieces that will never fit me correctly, and repeatedly deliver quality work.  Highly recommend.
5	I went here to get my prom dress altered. After trying it on, they advised me to just get a hook on the back above the zipper rather than taking it in the 1/2" because it was a one time wear and it would be very expensive to do so. The hook worked great! It fit tighter and my dress remained comfortable all night. I recommended all my friends to come here for alterations because they kept the customer in mind (a high school student with a minimum wage summer job). My hook was only $9 and I saved so much money going here opposed to somewhere else. Also if you come here for a small alteration like I did, bring cash! They take cash only for purchases less than $27.
3	Very knowledgeable and  helpful service. Only concern was the price point -- ~$22 per alteration for a shirt, ended up being over $40 for minor alterations to a dress shirt. Still, got the job done. No LEO or student discounts though!
5	Too legit to quit. This is the place my well dressed picky friends credit with their sharp looks.Walid is a master tailor, anything from a simple hem or buttons popping off to slim fit suits and formal wear. He will be upfront on time and offers a slight discount for paying in cash. Visit Myers Park Tailors and be better dressed for it.
5	These guys are incredible. I have taken in around 20 pairs of pants and suits in the least 6 months to have cleaned up. A grey suit I purchased in 2008 now looks brand new with slim legs and updated length, and every pair of pants that didnt fit the way I liked is now like a new piece of my wardrobe.By going there with all of my pants that I dont wear anymore and making them slim fitting and proper length it is like I have a completely new set of clothes, and I could not be happier.Quality of work is A+++, and that is with the experience of having tailors in the 7 countries I have lived in.Cannot recommend this place more. A+
5	Good place! I chose this  place after reading the reviews online. I felt safe taking my suit into this place. Walid was professional and provided good customer service.I got my suit altered for an interview in just two days (granted I had only couple of minor alternations). But he delivered the suit a day before he promised. What I liked was I got a text message from these guys as soon as my suit was ready. Place was busy but Walid still catered enough time to each customer.services I got done: shortening pants and shortening sleeves (total $40)I'll definitely choose this place again.
