4	This Review is pertaining to Dr. Clarissa Barrettoko's office. Dr. Barrettoko is A GREAT DOCTOR. Honestly, I've seen many doctors in the past, so I was skeptical when I first went to see her. BUT she is truly a great doctor. She is very enthusiastic about helping others. You can see and feel the positivity. She is a DO not an MD which I think is why her approach to everything is not always medication. Her passion for what she does really DOES make a huge difference. After I moved to California, I went to other doctors... Had some very bad experiences... decided that I am going to have to make a trip to Vegas every once in awhile because I refuse to see any other doctor. She is THE BEST, and no other doctor could even compare..You're probably wondering why I'm giving it four stars. I had an appointment with the Dr. Barrettoko at 8AM. I knew that I would have some tests that day so I went ahead and didnt eat anything because that's what is required for these tests. (YES, they do blood work in their office place!). I went ahead and told the ladies up front that I am going to do blood work. After my 8am appointment, it was 9am. When I don't eat in the morning, I feel EXTREMELY dizzy. I asked this particular lady in the front how much longer I would have to wait to get my  blood work drawn. She told me 5-10 minutes. When I exit the door, there is about 12 people in the waiting room. I'm assuming for blood.. and I was right. Well 45 minutes later, keep in mind I'm feeling extremely dizzy. I saw that a new patient came in, and waited about five minutes than went to get her blood work drawn. Now at this point, it made me irritated to see this. I went to the front and spoke with the lady named Kim (The women I referenced earlier when she told me it would be a 5-10 minute wait.) I told her that I saw a lady wait about five minutes than proceed to get her blood work drawn, & I was wondering how much more longer it would be till I could get mine done. I said this very nicely. I'm the type of person that would not start a confrontation with anybody. She told me that THAT person had an appointment and THAT's why she went ahead, and I explained to her that I haven't eaten anything and I have been here since 7:45. This is the part that just really shocked me.. She told me in an extremely rude way that I didn't have an appointment to get my blood worked done. THAN SHE asked me if I just WANTED to leave and reschedule later. WOW!! I told her no, I do not want to reschedule I have been waiting for about 50 minutes now for blood work. Keep in mind that there was many people around watching and heard this conversation.  She was extremely loud when she asked me if I wanted to leave. Jeez I just wanted to know how many people were in front of me, not to be bashed at. When I sat back down the person next to me told me that "Kim" is always like that. WOW talk about public humiliation. I'm still very upset that this women was extremely unprofessional and others know that she is as well. I really hope just because of the rude medical assistant up front(They are medical assistants, right?), they will still come back to see Dr. Barrettoko.
2	I became a patient of Dr. Barrettoko after my favorite doctor at Nevada Family Care moved on.  What a disappointment that was. I would have followed her, but her new facility did not accept my insurance.  Dr. Barrettoko is not of the same caliber as the previous doctor. The final straw was during my last appointment. As I was telling Dr. Barrettoko what I was feeling, what symptoms I was experiencing and I caught her texting on her cell phone.  She works with an iPad-like device that has the patient's medical records on it.  She was trying to hide her cell phone behind the tablet as she was texting away. Unbelievable!  If want a doc's I undivided attention do not visit Dr. Barrettoko.The rest of the staff is nice enough. I do not have experience with any of the doctors at Nevada Family Care.
4	I love the family practice doctors here at Nevada family care. They have there own lab technicians on site, this make blood work so much easier. They are first come first serve no appts. I have never waited longer than 20 minutes from check in to check out. The only reason this place does not receive 5 stars. Is the wait times. I know with health insurance pay outs, the docs have to see more patients. But sheesh. The longest I have waited so far is 50minutes with an appt. Normal wait is 30 minutes from check in .
3	Dr Fakhouri is amazing and the best but the front desk people are rude and incompetent.  They do not know what they are doing. They need to learn about customer service. They are the 1st people we see and they can lose client because of their bad attitude.
5	I can't speak for the other doctors at Nevada Family Care but Dr. Karl is wonderful. Seriously, he takes all the time you like answering questions and isn't afraid to talk to his patient and reason with him over treatment.  He solved a problem I had that three other doctors missed. One problem is that since he lets patients spend as much time as they want, there are sometimes wait times that are excessive.  I'd rather have that problem then not enough time. Also, they have a lab right there!  No outside blood work!
4	Im now in my mid 20's and figured it was time to find a family doctor just to make sure I  was healthy. After searching and searing(which is a drag) a friend of mine who works for Dr. Donna Miller(hear nothing but good things about this woman even though she is not my OBGYN) suggested I see someone from Nevada Family Care. At first I wanted to see Dr Karl but he was so popular apparently it was almost impossible to see him. I decided to go for Dr Fakhouri but he wasnt able to see me as scheduled. Because i was determined to see a doctor I went with Dr Barettoko and let me tell you am I HAPPY she was who I ended up with. Her bedside manner was outstanding. I havent seen a doctor in ages so I was a little nervous and boy did she make me feel comfortable! She was so nice and attentive to all my questions! I would suggest anyone to see her!! I wanted to rate this 5 stars but because of the run around to get an appointment and i thinking the office could use a little update i went with 4 stars.  But Dr Barettoko is deff worth more than 4 stars!
1	Called to set up appointment had me waiting 25 minutes. Finally, someone picked up the phone asked me what I wanted and put me on hold for another 10 minutes. I just hung up in frustration. If this is how they treat their patients I don't need them.
