1	This place is very stupid.  I have been trying to get a service advisor to call me for 2 weeks.  I live in east mesa so I wanted to schedule a appointment but I wanted to get a idea of how much some things would cost.  So I call and the receptionist trys to put me through no one answers so the receptionist comes back on and ask to take my name and number and someone will call me back okay that will be fine.  Well I didn't get a call back so I called them back.  Same thing happens so I call back a third time same thing happens but this time I asked do you think It will help.  I have given you my number and you folks still have not called me. Well 2 weeks later still no phone call.  These guys don't need the business  since then I have taken my vehicle to midas and had the timming chain replaced.  plus the pullies I guess they didn't need 1800 dollars. Stay away bad service stay away////
5	In searching for a replacement for our 13 year old Corolla, and having been previous Bill Luke customers, we were very pleased with the entire package, from the time we walked into the dealership until we drove out with our new car!Our salesman, Bruce Mortensen was very helpful and with our interaction with Angel Romero and with finance Lynn Charles we were treated with respect at all times and never pressured or hurried.It is a shame that the Suzuki's are going away and wish that Bill Luke will get a brand where they can keep such good people on.This was a completely wonderful experience and would recommend them to anyone!
1	I saw a previous review that said this place is very stupid, and I think that is a great overall description of this dealership. Customer service is horrible an the salesmen are not reliable or intelligent. I looked at a car here that was lower in retail price, but the payments were higher than another dealership. When I told the salesman, I know we can go lower, he said "maybe you should go to the other dealership then." and thats exactly what he said. So i did go to another dealership amd bought the best car for a better deal. Avoid this dealership and their jackass associates. Side note: he didn't know how to spell "electronics."
