4	My friends and I were looking or a place to chill and have a few drinks and we came across Ri Ra Irish Pub in Mandalay Place and figured to give it a shot. None of us have been to an Irish pub so I we were excited to find out what they have to offer.The hostess asked if we preferred to sit close to the live band but she not-so-subtly implied that we may want to sit in a booth further away because it gets pretty loud. We took her advice and sat in a booth in a room where we could still hear the music but still hear each other.Cha-ching! First thing we noticed was that they have happy hour all day everyday for the entire month of March. A pint of Black and Tan or Half and Half is only $4. The boys took advantage of the happy hour and the girls ordered cocktails which were at a regular Strip bar price of $13.We ordered the chicken wings which were pretty decent and the fish and chips. We were surprised by how good the fish and chips tasted.  The fish was cooked to perfection and the batter was light and not greasy at all. The chips were well seasoned. The regular size was $13.95 and the large is $18.95. We just got the regular and it was filling for two people. To end our meal, we asked the waitress for Irish coffee and she asked, "Do you want real Irish coffee?" to which we agreed even though we didn't know the difference. Little did we know that real Irish coffee comes with a good amount of whiskey! It was good for the first few sips but got a little too strong for our amateur taste buds. One Irish coffee costs $8.All in all, our first Irish pub experience was memorable. Service was really good; they checked on us regularly and kept our table clear of extra glasses and plates. I would definitely go again just for the fish and chips and to take advantage of their March happy hour special.
3	Went to Ri Ra on the 3rd day they were open, during the soft opening.  There wasn't  a live band, so I can't say how it is when one is playing.  I like the layout of the place - the whole left side is one long bar and the whole right side is seating and booths.  Even though there was no band, it was pretty noisy and pub-like.The food was just ok.  The boyfriend got the shepherd's pie and it was ok.  I tried the Kilbeggan Salmon and it was pretty delicious.  Appetizers were crab cakes and onion rings.  The crab cakes themselves were just alright, but the sauce that they put on them was awesome!  I really liked the onion rings - the were the tiny, thin cut onions and were super tasty.Service was slow, but they were pretty busy and had only been open a couple of days, so I'll forgive it.  Our waiter (can't remember his name, but he was Irish) was super nice and chatty.  I'll definitely try this place again.
5	Had a great dinner here.  They serve huge portions of real Irish food.  We had a prime rib dinner, chopped salad, and onion rings which were all very good.  The couple sitting next to us had fish and chips, which was also a huge portion, and they raved about how good their meal was too.This location actually contracted 25 of their employees from Ireland and brought them over here to run the restaurant.  We received fast, very friendly service from an Irish waitress.  Wish we had one of these in Seattle!
5	The wait was not long. Bummer they just opened and were only doing a special St Patrick's day menu. The food was good. Service was good for as busy as it was. Our waitress was so cute and was fresh from Ireland.For  real! My hubby got the fish and chips. He recieved one HUGE piece of fish. I had a burger, it was good. Like something your mom would throw together by making a burger by hand.  It was not some already shaped and formed patty.  Our friends got the pie and the rueben. They didn't share. But they enjoyed it.  We went to see Flogging Molly after dinner. The Irish pub fit well for pre-concert dinner! The seating chicks at the front did look rather glum though. I think one was swearing under her breath.  Seriously cheer up ladies!! Is it that bad? Good food, good service. Gotta get past the unhappy hostess.
4	I was kinda of skeptical when I attempted this place because 1) it was on the Strip & 2) not many Irish restaurants here in town. Usually I make the trek to McMullan's for my bday since it's the only decent place in town. I decided to try Ri Ra after looking at their menu. I must say that I was impressed.1) The menu pricing was affordable. Nothing was too outrageous, although dinner for 2 costs us $60. Dang beer!!! At least you get complimentary soda bread and bread while you wait.2) The food was pretty good. We ordered the beef stew and regular size fish and chips. I would say the fish and chips were pretty tasty however the fish was a huge filet inside of a stick so you have to use a fork. I like eating fish & chips with my hands but eh that might just me. Also the chips had no flavor and tasted a little overcooked for being fresh cut fries. The stew was good in my mind that I slurped that sucker down and used the bread to soop up the remaining sauce. It was beefy and packed with veggies plus the scoop of mash taters. I thought all the flavors were balanced evenly.We arrived around 7:30 and were seated within 5 minutes. The layout and design of the place is quite interesting. It's pretty dark in the front until you walk to the back where most of the dining is. It's made to resemble an pub in Ireland but what do I know I have never been to Ireland! I do know that the management team is actually from Ireland so it was pretty interesting to see actual Irish folks tending to this place and trying to make it authentic. Around 8 pm they have a live band that performs every night. Business was pretty steady while we were there but I will comment that the food wait was quite long. I think we waited almost 25 minutes for our food. At times the waitress did seem a little flustered especially when they brought out the incorrect order of chicken tenders. Service just seemed slow but they had only been opening for a week so we shall see....However, it is a great atmosphere to hang out and have some good 'ole Irish beer and listen to music. I would totally try this place again because overall the food was pretty decent and made me curious enough to come back and try the Dubliner burger for the true Irish experience.
5	Delicious! I ordered the bacon and cabbage (ham, mashed potatoes and cabbage) and it was awesome.  The mashed potatoes are easily the best I've ever had and the salad was very good, too.  My husband and I shared the Guinness Sundae for dessert which was the BEST DESSERT ever.  It's like a blondie and brownie with Guinness chocolate sauce, strawberries and vanilla ice cream.  The next day for lunch, we skipped out on Burger Bar (our usual) and came back to Ri Ra instead.  I had the Ruben.  Best ruben by far I've ever had (and I'm not a big fan of corned beef usually).  It was awesome... I especially liked there were no huge chunks of fat hiding out in it.Highly recommend this place! I'll be coming back every Vegas trip... just like for Mesa Grill...
5	Beautiful bar with great service, great food, live music, and bartenders who know how to draw a proper Guinness. Outstanding! The bar itself is both comfortable and beautiful. Be sure to check out the back rooms. One has a dance floor, the other looks like my grandmothers 1960s living room.The menu is large without being generic. The fish and chips are excellent, and the lamb burger is wonderful. My dining partners enjoyed the smoked salmon plate and the all-day Irish breakfast.The complimentary Irish soda bread was a tasty  surprise.The Strip location means that stoopid, drunk tourists are an unfortunately regular part of the scene. ~ ignore them, and enjoy this otherwise stellar bar.
4	This is a great Irish Pub with great selection of whiskey and Irish beer to go around.  The menu is great.  It has items that seem pretty authentic and items that fit the not so adventurous. The Fish & Chips is the best I've eaten.  The owners have managed to get quite a few Irish men and women work visas and hired them on.  It's a great place and the next time I'm in Las Vegas I will go out of my way to visit this establishment.
5	Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm Sheperds pie!Absolutely delicious, with minced lamb, carrots, peas, onions, fresh herbs, savory gravy, mashed potato crust ($14.95) - pricey but worth every bite!The interior is pretty cool and our server Andy mentioned they have items and wood carvings and panels brought in from Ireland for the decor and ambience. Great atmosphere, good place to chill out with your mates or have a cozy dinner with your significant other.I also tried the shot of CHOCOLATE CAKE (Absolut Vanilia, Frangelico) - pretty darn good and tasted just like warm chocolate cake!Service was fast, friendly and with a smile.Ri Ra (translated means celebration and good fun) is located in Mandalay Bay -  this places is a total Irish Pub! They have live music on weekends (that's what the sign said outside...)This pub is right next to the Guiness Merchandise Store.I'd definitely come and eat here again, they had a ton of stuff on their menu that I would like to try!
5	Big Ri Ra fan!It takes you straight to Ireland with Irish bartenders, musicians, and interior design. It's a beautiful restaurant with a local flavor (hard to pull off on the strip!). Everyone was in good spiritsThe food was delicious as well. I especially liked the caesar salad and sweet potato fries. A great selection of items.
5	Excellent! (channeling Mr. Burns...)  We stayed at the Luxor last week and discovered Ri Ra (along wtih the Guinness store next door) the first night as we wandered the walkway to Mandalay Bay.  Brand new, they said they'd opened 2 weeks ago.  It's got a good neighborhood pub feeling - even with the rowdies, come on! wouldn't be a pub without them.  They do a nice pour of Guinness and have Magner's cider on tap, my favorite go-to drink in a pub.Hubby said the Reuben sandwich was the best he'd ever had and after I took a bite, heartily agreed.  We both had the lamb Shepherd's pie a few days later, very good as well.   Liked that they also offer the Cottage pie (beef instead of lamb).  Oh!  Music is a plus.  Monday night's band was lively and more modern, Wednesday night's duo was more traditional and subdued and I;d like to go back next time we're in Vegas.
4	This place was on my radar as soon as I found out they offered a full Irish breakfast. Even though it necessitated a brief walk in the morning heat out of our hotel, a monorail ride, and yet more walking through the huge Mandalay Bay to reach it, this was probably in order to make up for the heart destroying greatness of the breakfast.A bit more about the place first though.  Its located in the shopping area of the MB and is one of the first joints you will hit taking the escalator up from the casino.  The small frontage belies a pretty huge bar and restaurant inside.  All olde world wood and fixtures.  I believe a lot was imported direct from Ireland.  The place has four separate bars in its many interconnected rooms, its pretty cool and expansive.Theres a good selection of beer on draught and even more on bottle.  I tried a couple of $4 pints of Smithwicks with my breakfast (hey cmon its Vegas!) and they were great.The full Irish breakfast itself was fantastic. Probably the best breakfast I've had in the states, I cannot begin to contemplate namby pamby continental breakfasts and am no lover of pancake driven affairs either: give me meat and a pile of cholesterol please.  The breakfast included two eggs any style, a rasher of thick bacon, two pork sausages, black AND white pudding, a side of fried mushrooms, a grilled tomato and some bread too.  Thats served all day long for a Vegas bargain price of $12.95.  Everything was great, the b+w puddings and sausages were all imported from over the pond, and were spot on.  Everything was cooked just right, and for the price, the quality and quantity it was damned fantastic.  It set me up for the rest of the day.I would tell you what my wife tried, but to be honest, I was completely wrapped up in my breakfast, and still am :)
5	Best pub in Vegas. Get the Ruben if you don't mind some cream in your jeans.
5	Great little Irish Pub in the middle of the Mandalay Shopping Palace.  Everything was very authentic including our waitress who had moved to Vegas from Dublin a couple of months prior.  I had the Reuben which was amazing along with a Curry French Fries which were unique and very good.  The Guiness topped the meal off and towards the end of dinner a little live band started playing with an Irish dancer to boot.  All in all a very great little find for a middle of the road with great food Irish pub.
4	It's in the walkway between the Luxor and the Mandalay Bay, but closer to Mandalay. I had the shepherd's pie and it was delicious. Price was pretty reasonable too, especially considering all the overpriced eateries on the Strip. Servers seem to all be right off the boat from the Old Country. They have Irish music in the evenings, which I didn't stay for. Highly recommended.
5	Awesome dive bar. Waitresses and bar tenders are actually Irish FOBs. Nice people, real. Beers on tap are awesome. Smithwicks, Kilkenny, etc. On tap. Nice.Food is good, fish and chips good. For the prices in Vegas, the prices here are very good. I would go back anytime.
4	This place was really nice, good atmosphere and great food.  We had the Baked Goat Cheese App, OMG must order, this was delish, the highlight of my visit actually.  Crab cakes and Curry fries, both of these were good.   The fries were baked in cheddar and curry sauce, tasty.  I ordered the Traditional Irish Breakfast, it was very good, cooked well, yummy mushrooms and black and white pudding, which I've never had but wasn't bad, It went well with the yolk form my eggs.  My boyfriend loved the Black Sausage especially.  He ordered a corn beef sandwich which I saw get delivered but he ate it so fast I didn't see it after that.  They had great choices on beer and I had a Irish Coffee that was excellent, the best I ever had, the right touch of everything, in a cute glass too, if we were at a local bar I woulda swiped it, lol.  The bartenders were very friendly and Irish, they talked it up with you and made us laugh.  We definitely will be back, it's a great joint to get some good food and drinks.
5	What a great find! Melissa was our waitress and she was the BEST! She definitely made that place a joy to visit twice. If you like martini's and want to try some delish then you must have the CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE martini...went down so good and very tasty! A MUST!!Food was great and the music was fun too.  I will be back in Vegas soon and this will be on the list of places to go!
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE!!  I wanted to like this place - was excited that there was a new Irish Bar, and convenient to our hotel room (at THEhotel).  Headed over there on our first day because there was an ad in our room for happy hour - buy a pint of Guiness, get a free shot of whiskey!  Unfortunately, when we asked for the happy hour special, the waitress wasn't aware of it.  We wound up talking to the manager, who said we had to have a coupon (apparently coupons were given to guests of other hotels, like the Luxor), and then said we must have been mistaken, and finally basically called us liars.  We asked if she would honor it if we went and got the ad, she agreed, so we made the trek back to the room, got the ad, and returned.  She did honor it, but we received no apology, no discount for our trouble, nothing.  We had planned on sticking around and having a few other beers, and some grub, but decided to just drink our Guiness and whiskey and leave.The whiskey, Feckin, was, incidentally very good.  And, although it is in the "mall" between MB and Luxor, it had a decent atmosphere inside.  I just can't forgive the rude service, and we won't be back.  Maybe you will have better luck - my advice is be prepared to prove you are right about any advertised specials.
4	I thought this place was so awesome that I went twice in one night.  Went to Ri Ra, then to a concert, and back to Ri Ra.  I thought the atmosphere, vibe, decor, everything was awesome!  I'm am a huge whiskey fan so to see their walls lined with whiskeys was pretty great.  I also like beer and they have a ton of different kinds.  They also have something called a Shandy which is half beer, half lemonade/soda and it was $4.  Not bad at all.  The service from the waiter the first time and bartender the second time was equally great.  This bartender was like a dancer just moving about the bar and hooking people up with some perfectly poured pints.  I will, without a doubt, go back here again!
5	Great food and great staff
4	Tourists rule this pub, but sometimes tourists can be fun too. This place is great because we don't get the "typical" Vegas bartender and wait staff. Nearly everybody is flown in from the mother country and our waiter had a strong Irish accent and was very nice in that Irish kind of way, even calling us "boys". Other strange things I encountered here were a Rasher, which was described as Irish bacon and a relish called ballytime which was sort of sweet, but basically a red relish. Both of those items landed on my $10.95 1/2 pound burger which included Irish Cheddar as well. Burger was cooked to perfection (I only eat them well done) and seemed to be just as good as Burger bar next door. My buddy ordered the fish and chips and proclaimed them to be the best ever. They included a free salad also. Our appetizer was an unusual one called Baked Goat Cheese. Basically a small bowl of melted and baked goat cheese with piles of chopped walnuts and two other Irish things you throw on some toasted flat bread. It's decent, but you don't need to order it and also skip the onion rings, which were just greasy onion strings. The fries were much better. They always have at least two $4 beers on tap (yesterday was two kinds of Irish shandy) and a very entertaining two-person Irish band was cranking out tunes as early as 9pm. Locals are like unicorns here, but this is one place where prices, service and food are reasonable enough to venture to the strip..at least for me.
3	Came here for dinner and there was a decent wait about 25-30 min so we decided to hit the bar.The bar tender was nice and we chatted with him for a little bit.  He seemed to know his stuff.When we did get our table, it was this awkward table that looked like it was in a walk way but there was absolutly no light shining on the table.   The only light that there was, was a tiny candle.  It felt like they just put atable because they coxuld, but they didn't want anyone else to know we were there at all.  But that wasn't really a problem.We ordred tehe chicken wings and those are really good.  They are crispy and have the right amount of sauce.  I ordered the corn beef and cabbage and i thought it was pretty good.  My only complant was that the corned beef was cut with the grain rather than against, but no biggie still tasted good.There were a cople of things that caught my eye, i will definietly come back for another meal.
5	First of all I would like to compliment on the decor. I've been told that there are original irish artifacts through out the restraunt which makes it very vibrant and unique looking. Second, i'd like to point out that they have a ridiculous selection of whiskey! And of course irish beer. The food is excellent. The rueben sandwich is HIGHLY recomended! And also the fish and chips! Their proportions are descent and the overall quality of the food is superb! The service is great! Very friendly staff and very knowledgeable :) which I love! I have yet to try the chocolate chocolate martini (i hear its to die for) but will mosdef be on my list the next time around! I do believe they have local and irish bands play on weekends during the evening so thats definately a plus! And most importantly the atmosphere is awesome! You honestly get a mixed crowd of locals and tourist! FYI: they do not have the full menu after 10 or 11pm only certain things on the menu but still a great selection is still available for your late night appetite :) the restraunt is located inside mandalay place at the mandalay bay hotel and casino across from the flip flop shop. enjoy and happy eating!
5	Yeah - you know I don't hand out 5 stars very often - but this is the most authentic version of Fish & Chips that you can get outside of Dublin. HUGE portion, great chips, fresh fish - not too greasy - done right!Steve had the Ruben - OH MY! I wanted to come back the next day just to have the Ruben.  Corned beef the true Irish way.Steve #2 (our friend) had the Shepherd's Pie.  Again - traditionally irish.Nice friendly Irish staff as well.  The waiter actually came after us because our friend left his CC.  How nice was that?I can't wait to go back and EAT more!!!!!
5	Anyone who has read my reviews knows that I'm no stranger to an Irish pub. In fact, I'm a regular pub snob, as my husband is 100% born and raised in Ireland, and I've spent a good amount of my time in pubs. Some good, some bad, some mediocre. And I know it's a chain, but I LOVE this Ri Ra.After a stressful week spent in meetings, the minute I got to Vegas all I wanted to do was unwind. My coworker knows I love a good pub, and was familiar with Ri Ra, so she suggested we go get a drink. I could still hug her for that! When I stepped in, Ri Ra felt like home. Irish staff and bartenders, dim lighting, lots of dark wood, and an all around great atmosphere. There's even a statue of St. Patrick holding a pint! Love it. (Oh, and this pub is HUGE, btw - if you don't like the area you're sitting in, go exploring into another room, and you're bound to find a space that makes you happy.)So, we sat at the bar, I knocked back a couple of Jameson & Diet Cokes (not too overly expensive for Vegas, either), and we shared the curry chips, which were excellent. A huge portion (for a good price), and I don't know what they did with the curry, but I loved it, and I'm not normally a fan of curry. As my husband was due to arrive into Vegas later that night, I immediately made plans to bring him back in for drinks and dinner.Flash forward a few hours, and he and I are sitting in the snug, dining on some awesome food (get the salmon...mmmm.) and listening to a decent "Irish" band. (They didn't just play trad Irish, but also threw a bit of everything in, from classic rock and beyond). We moved to the bar after dinner, and  my husband strikes up a conversation with the bartender, who is (of course!) from my husband's home town. This experience pretty much laid the foundation for our weekend in Vegas, as I think we managed to come back to Ri Ra at least 3 more times over the weekend, and each time was a lot of fun - full or empty, music or no music. I already can't wait for my next trip back to Vegas in October, as I'll definitely be a repeat customer at Ri Ra. Just save me a seat at the bar, and have a menu and a Jameson ready for me.
3	I'm not used to Irish pubs being in a "mall" between hotels.  Ambiance was expected for this location, about half the patrons were tourist with their kids and the other were supporters of the live band.  Food was okay, but the service rates right down the middle.  I had the corned beef and cabbage which was prepared well.  Surprisingly the interior decor is really cool, but it's everything else that rates this pub right down the middle.
4	I had been wanting to try this pub for a while and was excite when my friends voted last minute to cancel the Mexican and stop in here for some pre concert eats.  Located in Mandalay Place, which in the past could be hard to find from the main hotel, but there are signs EVERYWHERE. (I used to work in the mall, so I know it used to be difficult to find.)    We were seated right away and immediately felt at home. The decor, though new construction, made it feel like it has been there forever. Our waitress came immediately and brought us our drinks very quickly. A Guiness for myself and a summer shandy for my friend. Our other friends arrived and also got the shandy. The crowd was a normal mix of your typical Vegas Strip spot. Old, young, drunk bachelorette, etc. A huge fan of Reubens, I was excited to see it in a prime spot on the menu. Once we ordered our food, Sarah, our waitress brought out soda bread and butter. The bread was delightful, but the butter was those little cold bricks. It tasted fine but I hate having to warm it in my hand in order to make it spreadable.     I got the Publican Reuben with a side of Garlic Creamed Spinach. Other orders at the table included a Caesar Salad and another side of Creamed Spinach. (Did I mention my friends are girls) The reuben was the perfect size (no snake-like jaw acrobatics needed). The meat was tender and juicy with the perfect mix of salty. The sauerkraut was great, but there could have been a little more of it and the sauce was AH-MAZING! The creamed spinach tasted phenomenal. We joked a little at the texture as it was a little baby-foody, but it wasn't bad enough to make us uncomfortable. I would definitely order this side again, though I would order the large size. NOTE: If you are ordering any of the sides by themselves, go large.    When we were finished Sarah asked to bring the bill and even offered to split it up for us. Normally, anywhere on the Strip, when you make this request, it is answered with a shrug, a sigh and a hesitant, if not, passive aggressive, "Okay." All in all, the experience at Ri Ra was a great one. I will be back for the Fish and Chips. Everyone around us was ordering them and they looked mouth wateringly yummy. Make sure you get there early. After 8:45, when the band starts playing, a Live Entertainment Tax is added to you bill. Also, park in the Mandalay Place Valet as it is very close to the restaurant and is so much quicker than parking the Mandalay Bay Parking Garage.
4	Very nice, authentic Irish pub on the Strip...gotta love the Irish bartender too!  The decor is very cool...I absolutely loved the chandeliers.  The beer/cider selection was great too.
5	Excellent Irish Pub.  The servers have the appropriate accent and attitude.  (i.e. warm, friendly and understanding that you are there to be a little loud).  The food is excellent, and for Vegas, decent prices on the drinks and food.  Of the meals not consumed in liquid form, this place was an excellent suggestion from a friendly local at the Mandalay Bay who was selling huge 64oz adult slurpees.   Very happy I found this place, I wouldn't have tried it otherwise.
5	Terrific pub! If you find yourself anywhere even near Mandalay Bay, you have to stop in. First off, they pour a great Guinness. Pouring a Guinness is an art, half of the experience is the velvety creamy head on top and if that is not done right the whole beer is off. Second the food is amazing. This is not straight out of the microwave pub/tavern food, the meals here are serious. My husband and I shared the Kings cut prime rib, it was the biggest cut of rare meat I have ever been served, and it was so tender I was able cut it with a butter knife. It was absolutely decedent. Also, the fish and chips was amazing. Not a pile of fish sticks but a lightly battered and gently fried fillet of premium fish, it was delicious. The bartenders we met were actually from Ireland so the conversation was interesting and they often have live music. We kept coming back during our stay and we are already talking about returning on our next trip to Vegas. Don't miss it!
5	Another great find! Thank you Yelp!!Right when I walked in here, I thought of the Book/movie P.S. I love you. I LOVE that book/movie.Everyone is very friendly and I loved out waitress. She was friendly and easy to talk to. She was the one with the red hair. If you are reading this *waving dramatically* that's what she told us to do if we needed her. LOLWhen I looked at the drink menu, this is what I found: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dWk0mbhj79pK3WBp5oLtpw?select=3XySGJO_Mi0dp1ym6WAGdwYAY! So I HAD to order it. It was pretty good. Came out very creamy. Here is a picture: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dWk0mbhj79pK3WBp5oLtpw?select=YEzDue885fvE9rS3XHNzcwAfter reading the reviews, I had to order the Fish and Chips. I was VERY VERY glad that I did. This was the BEST BEST Fish and chips I every had. The fries that came with it was okay but that doesn't really matter.The Fish was incredible! It came out perfectly crispy and hot. The fish was scrumptious. We also ordered the Yankee burger that was the special for the 4th of July weekend. Here is a picture:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dWk0mbhj79pK3WBp5oLtpw?select=AVc_MsyTfq_Qo1oISn2LuAThe burger came out tasteful. It was surprisingly not dry. We got Sweet potato fries with it and there was no extra charge!! YAY! Loved the sweet potato fries. Came out nice and crispy. (if you read most of my reviews, I loved it when the food is crispy LOL) hahaWe also ordered the Salmon. I didn't get the dish name but here is a picture:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dWk0mbhj79pK3WBp5oLtpw?select=isyE6oXJNOy3smL-JP_jdwOur waitress recommended it and it was good. The Mashed potato was really good too. I would totally recommend this place. Loved the food and atmosphere. They also have a REALLY large TV in the back room. Great for watching sports. Luckily we sat right in front of it.
4	The atmosphere here is great, from the decor, to the music to the service, there is a very great feel. The food is decent, however, it is not traditional Irish food, it is more Irish food with an American twist. The bangers were not quite right(not sure if they were actually real bangers), which kind of threw off the taste of the sausage rolls. Still the food was good.One thing I that kind of shocked me was the 'live entertainment tax' which kind of sucked since it was almost $5. I have never payed that here in CA, so I wasn't expecting it. The 'Irish band' was also a tad disappointing, they played many American songs, and not a lot of folk songs like I was expecting. They all were great musicians though and had great voices. Overall not a bad pub, reminded me a lot of the pubs of Southern Ireland.
1	4.5 stars? Maybe if you've wandered the desert for 30 days desperate for a Guinness. Otherwise, a disaster.I was just looking for fish and chips and a beer after a long day working a conference. So I sat at the bar on a Monday night and waited. Bar was sort of dirty and gross, took a while to get somebody to wipe it down. Employees are all Irish (or doing passable fake-Irish accents) which is sort of cute and sort of weird, like, do they all get flown over here for some sort of indentured servitude as part of an Irish government program? One can only hope.Anyhoo, a waitress finally got to me and I got a Kilkenny and the fish & chips, Kilkenny was flat, which was disappointing. Fish & chips came quickly, and the fish was a massive portion and not bad (if a tad bland) but the fries were foul, greasy, cold and congealed. While I'm picking at the fish, a group of douchebags next to me gets into a conversation about the gays, how in San Francisco they're all "kissing on each other" in public, in Kentucky we don't have any of that, blah blah blah. Loud homophobes aren't a restaurant's fault but, you know, just portraying the spiraling ugliness of the evening.It took a full half an hour to pay -- 15 minutes to get someone's attention, 15 minutes more since they were having some sort of problem with the credit card machine, which never did get worked out, I finally slapped down my last $25 in cash and got the fuck out of there. Inevitably, later, I had the craps, and I don't mean Vegas-style.
4	The dark woods, live music, and ever flowing Guinness creates a festive atmosphere that Fado's has left behind. The prices are definitely Strip, but is backed up by ethereal goodness. There were several times where I was caught looking at the neighbor's plate, but I could not take my eyes off the enormous piece of fish and the bounty of chips that came with his order. If I was not trying to be good after my Chinatown voyage, earlier in the day, I would have ordered it in a heartbeat. Instead, I went against the no salad at bars rule and ordered the chop chop ($13.95). The large chunks of avocado, halved cherry tomatoes, diced chicken, red onions, and mixed greens normally come with bleu cheese crumbles and a mustard vinaigrette. I asked for without either and subbed the champagne vinaigrette instead and it was magnificent. Stole a bite of a friend's steak and hand cut fries ($24.95). The steak was beautiful, thick and came with sauteed mushrooms and onions. The hand cut fries were a let down, coming out limp and soggy. The process of thievery continued on to another friend's sausage rolls ($9.95) and they were impressive. The sausage was moist and flavorful while the bread had the buttery flakiness of a croissant. For the price listed above you get two rolls and my friend who eats like a bird polished them off.
5	I loved this place! My only wish is that we had something like this up in our neck of the woods. We live in the NW corner of the valley and driving to the strip gets old fast. We lived in Japan for nearly a decade and one of our favorite hang outs was an Irish pub. Yes, an excellent Irish pub in small town Japan. It was great. We've been missing that. This place came close. It is a chain so it didn't quite get to that intimate mom & pop feel but it was close. The atmosphere is perfect. It is dark and cozy. Our server was adorable. He was friendly, efficient and attentive. The accent was a huge bonus. I don't know if it was real but it was convincing enough for me. I told my  husbnd to tip extra just beause I got to hear the Irish accent. :)   The food? Delicious. I'm a salmon fanatic and they have a few salmon selections to choose from. I ended up getting the salmon rlt. It was not an easy choice to make though and I will have to go back to try some other items. The salmon rlt was so good I couldn't stop saying so and I'm sure I annoyed our friend who was with us. My husband got the fish & chips. He can be rather picky about fish & chips. While in Germany visiting family we took him to a British military installation where he had the best fish & chips he's ever had and he has yet to find anything that compares. This came close. The chips were not quite up to his high standards but he says the fish was excellent. It must have been because the portion was huge and he ate all of it. Our friend got the Guinness & beef stew and said it was good. He didn't rave about it but he seemed content. We all agreed it was a nice lunch and we'd go there again.  I cannot wait to go back and pick another item off the menu.
5	I accidentally came across this place when I was in search of the Guinness Store and as fate would have it...IT'S NEXT TO THE GUINNESS STORE!  Um...AWESOME!  Do not let the tiny entrance fool you!  This place has 3 rooms!  They sold me with the prime rib, and i must add THIS IS THE BEST PRIME RIB I HAVE EVER HAD.  And also...It's enough to put two people into a food coma!  THAT BIG!  But seriously, you cannot come here and not have a drink!  I had my first (don't laugh) white Russian here.  Not really sure if they're suppose to taste that good everywhere else too, but omg yum!  So if you want your monies worth, really good food and live music in a super cool atmosphere...GO HERE!  Worth the price, worth the foot traffic, JUST DO IT!
4	Stopped in for a late lunch on a weekday.  The atmosphere was nice, very pub-like with dark woods and wall cabinets showing off bottles of whiskey, although I would have preferred a few more cozy booths.  The place was probably 1/3 to 1/2 full.  The fish and chips were pretty good.  Specifically, the fried fish was quite possibly the best I've had in the US, but definitely not as good as served in the UK (it was hot and tasty and probably 2-3 servings for the small/regular size but the batter slid off the fish, was somewhat too greasy, and did not have a very deep/complex flavor).  The chips were rather poorer and were not freshly cooked like the fish, but the fries were still passable/edible (salted just right and a good size, but limp and slightly overcooked).  The Bass pint was good too.  Total was $21 before tip.  My waiter was extremely attentive.  I would definitely go here again for lunch but probably not twice in one trip to Las Vegas.
5	I can't believe it's taken me so long to give these guys a review. Since I live in Vegas and work at the Bay, I was clearly excited when I found out that we were getting an Irish pub of our own. I am yet to go to Ri Ra and have anything less than a great time. Lets clear a little something up, Mr. Ben G. Yes, the employees who work there, who are from Ireland...wait for it... They're actually from Ireland. Some are on a one time visa and some are on a permanent visa. Those who are short term, actually live very, very near by. Do you really think they could find that many individuals to fake an accent like that? Didn't think so... although if you head in late, late, late at night you'll find our douche bag so cal guys thinking that they have somehow become Irish and adopted an Irish accent... Anyhow, I'm yet to meet a wretch of an employee there... one girl had an extremely hard time hearing us and didn't think to double check our orders, because the music was too loud and she was caught up in having a good time. Either way, the girl was still a joy and that's the only close to meh experience Ive ever had there. The guys at the door, bar tenders, servers and managers always remember us. The music is always fab (Irish music during dinner time and a live rock band later in the evening). It is very loud. If you want to chat with someone and "get to know them" go somewhere quieter. Ive order their halibut on wasabi potatoes au gratin and Ive also had their gyro wrap ( they call it something different and its on their late menu). If you aren't a fan of lamb and are not familiar with Irish food, watch what you order and don't be afraid to ask what is in it. For instance, shepherds pie in the US is made with ground beef... Irish shepherds pie is made with ground lamb and lets not even get into the blood pudding. Irsih bangers are always great too. If you want to be a stuffy diner, and don't appreciate the hospitality of western Europeans... go back down and have your dinner at Strip Steak (which is always wonderful but for a different breed).
4	Went here twice. First time for a drink in the evening. It was dark, a lot of woodwork, decorated nicely. I've never been to Ireland, but it looked and felt like what I would expect from a real Irish pub. There are three sections of the bar, and each one sort of represents a different type of pub. One section was more "white collar", one was more "blue collar". I didn't really go in the third section where they have the live music.I went back for dinner the following evening. I had Bangers and Mash. I haven't tried this dish very many times, but this was the best I've had. I have no idea how authentic the food is, but it was very good. I tried  a bite of the Corned Beef and Cabbage. It was also delicious. Our waiter was very friendly, and the service was outstanding when we went for dinner. When I just went for a drink, I sat at the bar. The bartender was just OK. She wasn't rude, but didn't really make a customer feel welcome. Very robotic.
4	Great food and Guinness. Lamb burger and gyro are awesome. As are the fries......get the gravy.  Service was excellent as well
1	Of all the meals I had while here for a week, this was my least favorite. Clearly the food here is good I think that I just ordered the wrong menu item (even though it was a server recommendation.) Salmon portion was generous but mashed potatoes, asparagus and Beurre Blanc did not measure up in the taste category. Friends had wings, chop chop salad and a burger, & sandwich. Lemon Drop was very good but second order had to be returned due to lack of sugared rim. Hey, it's what makes this drink so darn good. Here is the kicker, and it's a good one! In the front of the house they had a threesome playing Irish songs. They were good but it was piped into the dining area and made conversation nigh impossible. I get the check $192.00 for dinner for five, drink for each and they have tacked on $16.00 for live entertainment. I did not say anything, tipped 20% and left feeling ripped off. I have never had this fee added to a dinner check when the "house" is offering live music in another venue. Shame on you for the sneaky move to extract more money from unsuspecting tourists.
2	I wanted to like this place since I was 3 out 3 from Yelp recommendation. With four hours into dinner I was responsible to find a place for nine of us. They were nice enough to take our reservation. I ordered fish and chips. Sorry it wasn't that good. I remembered way back when my friend asked if my tongue gets spoiled from eating all the good food. I said no because I still enjoy Del Taco and Wendy's. It's not all together true. I'm sure it's not just me but when you tried something so good that becomes your bench mark. You wish you can find something this good and hopefully doesn't cost you an arm and a leg. The best fish and chips I was at Venetian. Fries are so perfected by your McDonalds and Wendy's that it's harder for mom and pop restaurant to follow suit. Their chips were fries and they were soft same goes with their fried fish. The fish itself is not flavorful, sigh I wanted to like it so much since I love fish and chips.For appetizer we ordered chicken wings and it were good only 8 pieces per plate though.We waited almost 40 mins for our food. The waitress was nice and patient even though I was not. She keep asking, "are there anything else I can get you?" and I tell her, "yes, we like our food" I was feeling a bit a pressure since I'm the one bringing all my friends here and I wanted us to be served and fed properly.I tried my buddy steak and it was cooked well, medium, pink, soft, and flavorful. Again it was served with cold, mushy fries. They also serve prime ribs didn't get to try that one but it must have been good since my friend cleaned it upI like the ambiance if that's how Irish pubs are in Irish I'm cool with it. Love the live band playing Irish tune. I like how restaurant stay true to their culture and identity. Pro:AmbianceFriendly waitressRuben sandwich was good a little much on butter but the meat was done well. Do order the ruben sandwich over fish and chipsCon:Food takes  too long to get to our tableMy fish and fries were not crunchy and fish has little flavor like it was thawed last night. With any seafood items it's best if it's caught in the morning and serve right away. Anything frozen or serve over a day old the freshness is compromised.
4	They took us in when our large group reservation was given away by Burger Bar, which was terrific.  It's difficult to handle an unexpected group of 25 folks who are starving and desperate for a drink and a rest, but they did a fine job.  Nothing we ordered was outstanding (though the potato and crab cakes seemed to be pretty much the faves), but they wrangled us well, brought us hot food and cold drinks, and charmed some of the folks in our party with their fresh-off-the-plane accents (they're all pretty good looking, too, the male and female staff).  There was an Irish band playing, and they were fun.  There's a cute little bar area off to the left with banquettes and easy chairs -- and a giant TV, if there's a game on you want to watch.Weird bathroom, though - one stall is freakishly narrow.
3	Stopped in before dinner at Border Grill and a concert at the beach. I wanted to check out their draft selection. It was pretty varied, the one that piqued my interest was Delirium Tremens. A Belgium pale ale. We both had to try it. I loved the pink elephants on the glasses and tapper, the irony was fun. It was good strong beer to boot 8.5% abv. The husband also enjoyed a Weihenstephan. The bar had a nice relaxed vibe, I tend to favor Irish bars and Ri Ra did not disappoint. If the bartender wasn't more interested in the X-game coverage than serving drinks, I'd give a higher rating.
4	Came here on a rainy Sunday afternoon. The first thing I noticed was just how HUGE this place is (definitely does not look that big from the entry). The decor is gorgeous and it seems like it would be a great place to go on a weekend night for entertainment. Our server was from Ireland and was friendly and helpful. My friend had the soup and sandwich combo and I had the daily roast. Oh my God, that was awesome. The roast beef was great, the vegetables were great, the yorkshire pudding was great. I hate broccoli and never like the smell or having it anywhere near the rest of my food. There was broccoli mixed into the vegetables and everything was so good I didn't even care that my other veggies were "fraternizing" with the broccoli. That meal was the highlight of my day. I will be back probably any time I am at Mandalay Bay.
4	Stopped by here on the way back to the room. Was a pretty fun pub. Servers were cool as well as the customers. Place is pretty lively. Have great hangover recovery food as well. Will definitely come back.
4	I went with friends from the East last night.  I really like the decor of this pub.  Service was very good.  The server kept an eye on our glasses and brought replacement drinks as needed.I got the Shepherd's Pie.  Very tasty, and just the right amount of food.  This isn't one of those places where you're going to remark about huge portions.  They are just the right amount without overdoing the amount of food you get.  This Shepherd's Pie is made with the traditional ground lamb which gave it a rich flavor.  The two with me had fish and chips and bangers and Mash.  Both enjoyed their meals.I'd return here and try something else on the menu.  There are some good choices.
4	Great bar in the Mandalay!  Irish staffers (they're here on 1 year work visas) make you feel like you're in the real deal.  And these guys know how to properly pour a pint of Guinness!  Their fish and chips are HUGE (get the small order) and DELICIOUS!  I also had a Reuben and it was also huge and tasty, if not a tad soggy on the bottom side. But after another pint, I didn't care!
4	Good place for irish food and drink.
4	Awsome Irish pub. Garlic mussels and fish/chips... Nice lunch.
4	Super high energy and a friendly party atmosphere fueled by live music, good food, and alcohol make this the best Irish themed pub in Vegas.For pub grub, it has to be the burgers. the dubliner (ground lamb seasoned with rosemary and topped with onions, goat cheese and curry mayo) is incredible. So juicy and flavorful.  The Guinness BBQ burger is also excellent.  Topped with a house made Guinness BBQ sauce, Irish cheddar cheese and onion rings; what's not to love.The short list for entrees include the Moors & Bay (bacon wrapped fillet with Guinness glazed prawns), Shepherd's Pie (made with lamb), and the Guinness & Beef Stew (deeply flavored fork tender beef cooked in beer; how can you go wrong).Service is very friendly (remember, its a pub).  Great selection of Irish whiskey and single malt scotches. Decent selection of Irish beers.  Prices are slightly lower than most Strip restaurants.Highly recommended.
4	We stay at Mandalay Bay quite frequently, and after many walks past this place we decided to eat here. During the day this place is pretty quiet, but the food was DELICIOUS. Amazing fish and chips, the best sweet potato fries, and even their vegetables were tasty! Good to know you can still stay healthy while surrounded by pub fare - I ordered the Hummus wrap and it was pretty good. Since I didn't feel like ordering a $15 cocktail I stuck with the $6.50 pear cider, it was pretty huge and a good deal. They currently have a promotion where if you check in on foursquare you can save 10% off food. For 3 entrees and 2 drinks it was around $50. Overall, the 3 of us left smiling and satisfied.
5	Good food,good beer, and good service.
5	We ate breakfast here about 10 AM one morning recently and had the best meal!  I ordered the Boxter which was without a doubt one of the best breakfasts I've ever tasted.   My wife had the American breakfast and enjoyed it also.    Great atmosphere, great food, and very conveniently located if you're staying at the Luxor, Mandalay Bay, or theHotel.  Highly recommended.
4	I love this place!  It's nice to have live music for a change.  The fish n' chips are a mouthful... seriously.  Beware of the all mighty Guiness and Jameson shots... it can go downhill fast!
5	Great food, I went in for fish and chips, but they were out. So I had the wings, and they were nothing short of amazing.
4	WHERE: It is located inside the Mandalay Place Shops.WHEN: Monday through Thursday, 11am-3am. Friday, 11am-4am. Saturday, 9am-4am. Sunday, 9am-3am. (There is definitely plenty of time for you to stop on by, whether it be a drink or something to snack on! =D)WHY: If you are looking to experience a jolly, good old time! & some BEER! Beer's always good! =)WHAT: I haven't been to an Irish Pub in a while, and thank goodness my friend and I decided to walk into this one! There were many times I would come to shop at the Mandalay Place and noticed the pub -but this time I finally kicked myself in the butt and walked in.After we were directed to our table, I noticed such an amazing atmosphere! It was perfectly dim and a place where you can come in to socialize with friends. It was then time to make our order!-Pub Wings: We started off with this delightful appetizer! It was covered with Guinness BBQ sauce and Jameson honey glaze alongside bleu cheese dip. The flavors mingled so well (Probably a little too well because I ate about 75 percent of the wings, and left my friend the remaining 25 percent, haha). So... Hoorah!-Turkey, Bacon & Bleu Melt: Me! This was my pick. It was really good, but a little dry. I had to dip it in my bleu cheese, but overall it was still a great sandwich.-Publicans Reuben: This was my friend's pick (Oh, I forgot to mention that we traded half of our sandwiches with each other so we got to taste the best of both worlds!) I cannot explain how great this sandwich was! It was ultimately the best reuben sandwich I've ever gotten to taste! I RECOMMEND THIS SANDWICH UNDOUBTEDLY!During and after our meal, our server and busser came several times to check on us! (I believe their names were D and Fred, if I can recall). They were happy to grab us some more water, dressing, whatever the case was. This definitely made it such a positive experience! I loved all of the workers! They were all so kind and had plenty of beautiful smiles on their faces whenever they walked by.Overall, the space was very cozy, the people were awesome, the food was yummy in my tummers, and I will most likely be returning for some bomb dot com reuben sandwiches and probably some BEER! Watch out for me! haha
5	This place just makes me happy.  During my last business trip to Vegas this year in April, I discovered this new Irish pub in Mandalay Place.  The decor is great, and the food and service is even better.A couple things that I tried...corned beef and cabbage dinner, which was different than your traditional Boiled dinner, but it was delicious.  I also tried a few appetizer such as the potato cakes and the sweet potato fries which were also good.  But, I am obsessed with goat cheese and had to try the baked goat cheese appetizer.  This is a must-try, and is up there on my list of all-time favorite foods.Recently went there Labor Day wknd with a friend, and had the best Irish server.  Very personable, and made our lunch enjoyable. =)
5	Good food, good beer and good service. We were told to go here by two drunk Irish folks we met at another bar, so I guess if they say it's good, it's good. My husband had one of the specials of the day which included a HUGE corned beef sandwich in a bbq type sauce. It was huge, and apparently delicious.I had the smoked salmon RLT (including irish bacon, smoked salmon, lettuce and tomato) which was simply amazing. I had a side of mashed potatoes and gravy which were also great.Our bartenders were knowledgeable about all the Irish beers and even got me to try something I normally never would - Guinness Black Label. And I had 2. Great selection of Irish beers on tap and in bottle, and some American beers on draught too.So glad we decided to head on in. It was well worth the money. We'll be back!
5	The food was de-freaken-licious, live music, bartenders from Ireland and all around good atmosphere... My girlfriend and I stayed here instead of going out clubbing. Fair warning, "fish n chips" comes in 2 sizes, huge and "did somebody kill a whale?" (ok its actually regular and large but you get my point). Bangers and Mash was my choice and for being a simple dish of sausage, mashed potatoes, peas and gravy, it was mouth wateringly delicious. Being a local, I signed up for the Locals card, which entitles you to 20% off food!
4	Just try to get a seat at the bar, service is way better there
2	After having an amazing time at Nine Fine Irishmen my friend and I decided to try this irish bar.  We went back to Nine.  It was totally boring in here.  I felt like I was in an old folks home.  The band was slow, boring and just plain bad.  The service was ok.  The bar itself is pretty nice and has a cool selection of whiskey on the walls.  But the thing of it is it just wasn't that fun.  I'll be going back to Nine thank you very much.
4	This was my home base on my last trip to Vegas.  Smithwicks on tap, and Powers Irish Whiskey for shots, couples with the Irish breakfast......I'm a fan.  The front bar has a real pub feel even though it's in a new age casino mall.  Definately try this place if staying at the Mandalay Bay!
5	My favorite stop during a weekend dedicated almost exclusively to eating! Our waitress not only gave us recommendations on what to order, but how best to eat it once ordered (in a cool Irish accent, no less!).  The sausage roll appetizer was absolutely delicious, and the mustard dipping sauce that came with it so good that I asked for more of it to dip the onion rings that came with my main course.  My main course - the "Dubliner" lamb burger - was perfectly cooked and incredibly seasoned, the goat cheese was the perfect touch.  My husband's bangers and mash were exactly what you want when you order bangers and mash - hearty, delicious comfort food.  We had to roll ourselves out of there, but it was worth it!
5	This is the best Irish bar/restaurant I have ever been to.  The waiter was kind, helpful and attentive.  I also loved the Irish accent!Went for a late dinner- 11:15pm!  Not sure I have ever had dinner at that hour before- that's Las Vegas for you.  Ordered a mojito to drink- I know not a great Irish choice but I was craving one.  Turned out to be a bad choice.  Not great at all.  Think it cost $9.Got the cup of Potato Leek soup from the specials menu.  I was suprised to learn it was vegetarian and it was DELICIOUS!!  Even the bread it came with was yummy- smells terrible was tasted great.  Loved that they serve Irish butter!!I also ordered the potato cakes off the appetizer menu.  Very yummy.  Recommend!My husband got the corned beef and cabbage with mashed potatoes.  He liked it but suprised to find it served with gravy which contained wheat to thicken it.  He tries to eat gluten free.
5	An authentic Irish Pub. This was my favorite meal of my trip to Vegas. My husband and I shared a Steak Pie (a shepards pie made with steak rather than lamb) and a Salmon RLT. A smoked salmon sandwich that was an explosion of flavor.  The staff was very friendly and we got to watch some football while we ate.
3	A charming place with live @Irish" music every night.  The food was bland and service dreadfully slow, but the drinks and atmosphere were great.  Everyone had a great time.
4	Best Irish Restaurant and best Reuben sandwich. The value is great  and the food was unforgettable. The bar has a warm, old-time feel to it.UPDATE - went back and the Reuben was just ok. Also, they charged an entertainment fee. I am not a big fan of last minute fees like this so they lose a star.
4	We only drank here and didn't try any of the food.  Really good place to drink some pints.  Another great place with a good beer selection.  Cold and served in Imperial pints.  What more could you ask for?  Decor is traditional Irish, i.e. dark wood, subdued lighting.  Alot of TVs showing international soccer matches.  There were a couple of guys from Ireland playing their guitars and singing on the stage.  Service was excellent.  Great place to hang out.
3	This was a backup dinner place after the original plan fell through. We, a party of six, waltzed in without a reservation on a weeknight and was able to get seated right away at about 7pm. Pub wings (10.95) - pretty good but didn't change your life. You can get these in a Guinness BBQ sauce, Jameson honey glaze, mild, wild, or volcanic. Publicans Reuben Sandwich ($13.95) - tons and tons of brisket. So delicious, but be prepared for a serious sandwich. Would prefer if they had a bread that could hold up the sandwich a bit better. Shepard's Pie ($15.95) - the lamb was a bit salty. Nothing memorable.Fish & Chips - very generous portion. Got the regular at $14.95, though there's a larger size too. Good, but nothing memorable.Decent selection of brews, at the time they were offering a special of red beer mixed with lemonade (I think that was the combo). Delicious.Service was just okay! There was live music and dancing, which was fun to observe. All in all, felt like the whole experience was a bit hokey, and for the price, I'm not sure I'd go back since there are so many other options in Vegas. Hmm....
5	This is the BEST Pub I've ever been to. Had me wedding reception here on 11/11/11 and everything was incredible. Couldn't have asked for more from the staff, wonderful service. They were prompt and on top of everything. Paula was a huge help and kept me sane the entire planning process and Junior was the best bartender I've ever had. Ask for his magic drink. Don't know what he called it, what's in it or anything but it was amazing. Couldn't love this place anymore. We will be back anytime we are in town and when we move back. It's on the strip but it's very local friendly. Also, the Guinness Stew & Shepards Pie are to die for! Food is always really good and staff very attentive.Great place to book parties & receptions. Keeps the pub atmosphere while still being very classy. And the live music is always great :)
5	Are these real Irishmen that work here?Cheers?  What is there to Cheer?  Oh yeah, we're in VEGAS BABY!   DUH!Remember that scene in SNATCH where Brad Pitt is talking about boxing and leaving the trailer park and the crowd of thugs look at him all confused like, "Huh? What'd he say?"  Well, sometimes its like that here since the waiters are so pub-authentic they actually have thick Irish accents.  I mean how could you not stop at this pub after window shopping at the Guinness store right next door.  You just get this craving for a Guinness.  And, no matter what foodstuffs you order, they all taste amazing with an ice cold Guinness or Heineken, on tap. Cheers!One of the most beautiful pubs that I have ever been to.  Velvet Red robe curtains, sheets, and dark brown mahogany walls.  Is this what the stomach of Hugh Hefner looks like?  If so please, send me there immediately.
5	I am okay with people not liking the place.  It will do just fine without you and be a little less crowded.  Nine Fine was our go to Irish in Las Vegas, but cross that off now that we have found Ri Ra.What is good? Well, for one, the people.  Sat down on Friday afternoon for a pint while shopping and struck up a conversation with two of the guys behind the bar.  Really nice people, made us want to go back later for dinner, and we did.  And we were glad. Oh, and they recognized us.  We weren't looking for anything, but that tells me something about the persons tending bar and the atmosphere of the place.   For dinner, I can only remember what my husband and I had, not our friends, but we had Shepard's Pie and a Kilcooly sandwich.  I do know that all four of us were quite happy with our meals.  They pull a proper pint of Guinness, which really should be mandatory for anyone who serves Guinness.  Great choices for beer.  Good music was also another reason why we like the place.  The band was from Ireland and they were weaving in traditional songs and their own songs.  My understanding is that they bring a lot of bands from Ireland in.While we were there they were showing Rugby World Cup and football from all over.  This is a good place to go if you are looking for Premiership.I will be back.  And I won't be going back to Nine Fine.
5	This place had waitresses that are actually from Ireland.  The girl we had was so sweet and very cute.  She also had freckles and reddish hair.  The food was very yummy.  I was sad to see that there wasn't corn beef and cabbage, but I might have missed it on the menu.  I got a chicken sandwich that was delicious and the potatoes are very yummy as well.  They have a try large whiskey selection and their drink menu tells you what area the Whiskey is from.  The place looks small, but it goes back pretty far.  I definitely recommend getting some food and drinks here for lunch.
2	Totally in the mood for fish and chips. So where else should I go while staying at Mandalay. So I ordered the fish and chips and a Guinness and its MEH not extraordinary just a basic gut fill of soggy fries and ok fish that was huge like whale size. Service was good but they were really pinchy on the tarter sauce and when I asked for more it literally took 15 min to arrive. All in all I won't be going back. And please place a shamrock on the pour or don't call yourself traditional Irish.
3	The food was pretty good, decent pub stuff.   But I could have done without the fake Irish accent from the server.
3	I wish I checked Yelp before eating here! The food was okay, and the customer service was good but how do they get away with charging a entertainment tax???!! Not only do they charge you for sales tax, they add a entertainment tax when I didn't see any entertainment going on. Was watching all the drunk people at the bar supposed to be a show? Other than the tax thing the food is okay for what you would expect at am Irish bar.
5	The fish and chips are amazing! We went back a second time for more before we left Vegas. Not overpriced like everything else at the Luxor. Fish and chips (regular size) was massive and cost $14. Highly recommend.
2	I have rarely met an Irish Pub (in Ireland or elsewhere) that I did not like and believe me, I tried to like this Ri Ra location, as I love the Charlotte, NC and Arlington, VA versions. Sadly, it failed on several counts and was- at least the time I visited - another example of some places on the Strip that send out the vibe, "We cater to tourists and don't necessarily expect to see you again, awesome experience or not."I was there with a party of three and two of us had been to other Ri Ra pubs. So we were very much looking forward to a high level of service, Irish authenticity and awesome food. We got the authenticity (Irish accents, Gaelic menu items and Guinness served at just the right temperature) but the other two aspects were lacking. To service: We waited for 15-20 minutes (in a 1/2-full restaurant on a Sunday afternoon, so not really busy) to get our order taken and then some 15 minutes thereafter were told that one of our entrees was out and we'd need to choose another. So 40 minutes in, we received the food (in fairness and to the server's credit we were not charged for the replacement entree.) But until the food came, other wait staff and our own waiter rushed past, ignoring eye contact and giving us the feeling that they'd get to us eventually.To food: The quality was not up to the standards of other Ri Ra locations- in terms of presentation and also in ingredients- and the portion size was also smaller than what I knew from other locations. Also, because of the wait for the one entree, the other two were served lukewarm, i.e. it was clear they'd been prepared and sat while the other entree was cooked later. There are plenty of good Ri Ra's across this great land and several good Irish Pubs on the Strip, but for now, the Ri Ra in Vegas isn't on our list for a return visit for a while.
5	great craic!!!!
4	I had a chance to hang out here for a bit while my wife and kids did some shopping.  I enjoyed a nice Guinness and a pot pie.  Nice staff and fun ambiance.
4	Nice place for Vegas. Relaxed, good food, decent service, excellent pub beverages including pear and apple cider (YAY!), and a 40% discount for locals who EACH show their ID. Is it like an Irish pub? Nope. Is it like an Americanized/Vegaszised Irish pup? Yep. Nothing wrong with that!I had the beef stew and polished it off w/o help. My man had the sausage rolls appatizer and they were great as a meal if you want something a bit smaller than huge. Started with the chips and they were pretty authentic. Nice touch the mayo that includes the vinegar and salt already. Fish and chips looked great, but even the small portion scared me on size. All in all a great meal for a decent price. BTW valet your car at the Mandalay Bay shops and then just walk up the escalator and to the left. You'll be right there.
5	Got hungry after watching Lion King and decided to try Ri-Ra after disappointing visit at the other Irish Pub in NY.NY. Our Server's name was Tim. Very funny and straight forward fellow. He was wonderful so 5 stars for service. Even left great comment for our guy on the comment card.Ambience: 5 star with great Irish band, victorian interiors, beautiful and cozy.Food:5 Star for quality, portion and temperature.  I ordered the Classic corned beef and cabbage and my husband ordered their roast beef special. Also got sweet potato fries and caesar salad for side. REALLY DELICIOUS =D Drinks: We got our usual and then a couple of different beer our server recommended. They were GREAT!I think it was wonderful overall and we had a really good time. It seems like some folks didn't enjoy it as much with junk services. We were lucky to have great service.
4	After 11 hours walking and wandering, my feet had enough. I had another 45 minutes before meeting my friends and I couldn't walk another step. Lo and behold, a light shone down before me and an Irish Pub appeared. I decided to go in and rest my feet and give my thanks. I'm a sucker for an Irish pub and It was really cute. Nice and dark, victorian/shop style pub. Dark, rich paneled walls and bar with beveled glass and lots of shop trinkets scattered everywhere like boxes of old sugar, or tins of tea, etc. Super cozy. I debated on ordering an appetizer, but I didn't want to ruin my appetite if I ate with my friends. I opted for a a vodka cocktail and a bag of the cute imported Chipsticks malt vinegar potato snacks they offered. The bartender had an Irish accent and an Irish band played in the back of the bar. Perfect way for me to rest me feet and revive before I met up with friends!  A great place to stop if you happen to be wandering the Mandalay Bay or Luxor.
5	(smile) Where is a place lik this in Phoenix ? Come on @YelpPhx! Ok, I will calm down, we still have some quotable and quality Irish pubs. Yet, when you are in Vegas everything just taste better. Of this I am sure.So please understand how just amazing this place was...take a seat. Went here for lunch, came back from dinner the same day, then dined the next day for breakfast! Yes, sadly but with pleasure dined for breakfast,lunch and dinner. We even tried a fourth time but the line was unbearable I don't remember what I had, cuz most of the time I was drinking lik a cliche Irishman. I do remember that two of the three times we ate there was an Irish accent asking me if I wanted another pint. "yes."  Silly questions.If i think hard, I can conjure from my memory  my pre-gaming and carbo loading for the Vegas half-marathon with a a Guinness and fish and chips.   I was upset that I got the fish and chips because they were just unbeatable, bar none. I know that I may never have such an euphoric and exceptional moment of tasting drunk food again... it elicits nightmares. I am getting help.NOte: If there is ever a large event happening, the wait will be at least an hour. Be warned. I told you so!R\_
4	Ri Ra was a very surprising find on the Strip. The place has the feel of an authentic Irish Pub. They had a great selection of Irish drinks and meals. I had the Bangers and Mash. It was delicious.
4	With another couple, Diane and I ventured out to sample the offerings of Ri Ra for the first time, and departed full and happy, with three large, unfinished hunks of haddock packaged to go.  After pondering whether to be adventurous and try Traditional Bacon & Cabbage, I decided instead to stick with a dish I knew I liked, and thus opted for Emigrant's Corned Beef & Cabbage, preceded by a bowl of Seafood Chowder.  The soup contained good scallops and other morsels of the sea, but I found the broth itself to be fairly bland.As for my entree, the corned beef covered with Irish Parsley Sauce was of good quality, along with excellent-tasting softened cabbage and nice mashed potatoes.  I didn't enjoy it quite as much as my all-time favorite Corned Beef & Cabbage served at Three Angry Wives, but it was a close second.  The fish in Diane's Fish & Chips consisted of a huge single battered specimen the ends of which almost lapped over both sides of the plate on which it was delivered.  Its flesh was moist and good, with no undesired fishy flavor.  The chips, too, tasted good but were non-crisp fries.  Complimentary soda bread was good for what it was when slathered in butter.  And, although Irish Potato Cakes were very salty, they tasted almost like Crab Cakes, and I would order them again.  For dessert I had a Blueberry Whiskey Crumble a la mode.  I liked it but it surprised me, for I thought it would be a cobbler.  Not so!  There was no discernible dough amid the warm and saucy blueberries.  But this was still a tasty dish, and I learned that a cobbler and a crumble are not in the least synonymous.  All was washed down with refreshing Sweet Iced Tea. Service by Vanessa, who hails from Ireland, and, alas, will soon be returning there, was impeccable, and a friendly manager visited us once at our comfortable booth in the cavernous dining room to see whether we were pleased with our meals, which all of us were.  By the time we left, the place was completely packed with happy pub crawlers, and live Irish music was just beginning to be played as the football playoff games on the several large flat-screen TVs were winding down.  The large dining room in the back is a welcome bastion of serenity for those like me who are long past the age of active imbibing and carousing, and would rather savor a fine meal than chat with friendly strangers and toss a few.  But, as we worked our way through the crowded front of the house, it was clear that the young twenty-something revelers who were seated on stools or standing were enjoying their lagers and stouts.I will definitely be back!
4	My boyfriend and I were waiting for the Brad Paisley show to start and this place had the shortest wait.  The burger was outstanding and so were the mashed potatoes with gravy.  I really liked this place and we'll definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.
4	Stopped by on a busy Friday night. Opted to sit at the bar so we could eat immediately. The bar had full menu service and we were helped quickly. There were lots of fun beers on draught - I had a pint of Harp and my husband had a pint of Newcastle Brown. The restaurant has a fun, realistic pub feel - soccer game on the big screen and everything. Dinner was fabulous - came quickly - and had great portion sizes. I had the Irish Cheddar Mac 'n Cheese and my husband had the Beef & Guinness Stew. Both were great, but we both definitely recommend the Beef & Guinness. Perfect creaminess and a perfect sized dollop of mashed potatoes in the center. Overall, we had a great time. It was the perfect way to start off the weekend! We recommend to anybody who wants to eat something different and fun.
5	Found a stew worth driving for. Guinness and beef stew are simply awesome.
3	The atmosphere here is what you come for. The food is not bad, especially the breakfast, which is difficult to find in Vegas without stooping to a buffet, but it's nothing special.Perhaps it's just new restaurant blues, but we went here twice on a recent trip, and both times the kitchen was painfully slow to the point of really trying our patience. The beers are cold, and they show proper football in the mornings, so it's not all bad though.
3	Came with some friends, had wonderful food but do I really have to wait an hour and a half for it? The general manager came out and apologized but still... It was also really hot for about 45 minutes until they turned the AC on. Fish and Chips was really good. Chicken wings were awesome, VERY spicy and I only got the hot. Good selection of beer but why just list the names? I was imagining in a place like this they would describe the beers, if only in a few adjectives or something like yard house or public house. Plus, if you aren't going to describe the beers in the menu, then I guess it falls on the waiter to offer suggestions. I kept trying to (strongly) hint to him that I wanted a sales pitch or some suggestions but he just kept looking away and seemed really rushed or disinterested or both. I'll come back and give this spot another chance, if only because I love Mandalay so much AND if you are a local on Friday nights you get 40% off entrees.
4	Friendly and cordial staff. The place was quiet at lunch, but it was a nice, clean place to take a break from a trade show. There was a nice variety of tradition Irish fare, most notably, beer and whiskey. The Pub Burger and fries were decent. It was not amazing, but a nice change of pace from eating lunch at the Burger Bar everyday at Mandalay Bay.
5	Made a couple visits to this place on my recent trip. The atmosphere here is great, and the bar staff is very friendly and efficient. My first visit was a dinner time, so I had the fish and chips, which was a single slab of Atlantic haddock on a pile of fries. Tasty. The waitress suggested the rice pudding for dessert and it was terrific. And speaking of simple goodness, they also have a delicious soda bread. My second visit was following a long session at the poker table. Most everything around the Excalibur/Luxor/Mandalay Bay corridor was closed at 2 am, but this place was my late night rescuer. Still serving beer until 3 am and an adequate bar menu, too, I was able to get a little 1/4 pound Chipper burger and fries. It came with a curry mayo that was super-good. Live Irish music, good sports on the TVs at the bar, and plenty of friendly folk to strike up a conversation with. Seemed like a top-notch place to me.
4	Fish and chips are amazing. Pay the extra $5 for the large. The fish and sauce is go so well together. Gave them a 4 because they forgot out apprizters but other then that you cant go wrong.
5	I was just in Vegas staying at Mandalay Bay and decided to check out Ri Ra for lunch one day.  I'm sure glad I did.  The atmosphere inside was great with each room looking different and having a different vibe.  Of course the Guinness was great plus I tried Guinness Black lager which I will now be purchasing more often.  I had their Rueben for lunch which was really good and came back the next day for their wings with Guinness BBQ sauce which were outstanding.  It's ashame they don't sell that sauce.  Needless to say, next year while in Vegas, I will be visiting Ri Ra a few more times.
4	Best Irish pub in Vegas!! Fish n chips are quite tasty! Good for entertainment.
4	Here for a convention in January. I love authentic Irish fare and Ri Ra was no disappointment! 1 stop turned into 4 over the week. great selection of beer on tap, live music and great servers, several of which where here from Ireland.Try the fish & chips. One of my favorites yet very hard to find a restaurant that does it right. Ri Ra has a special breading that was new to me. This was maybe the best I ever had. I had this meal twice. We also stopped in late night for a nightcap and some wings. Again excellent and service was great even at a very late hour.This is a must stop and well worth the cab fare if you are not staying at Mandalay Bay. Really, if you clicked on this yelp review you are looking for an Irish pub. Go here! order a black&tan and Fish and chips.
3	The wait for this place was over 30 minutes we were told by the host.   The guy at the front said he'd yell our name when our table was ready.   There was no one else outside waiting though so we thought he was being a jerk.   We walked down the mall area for a few minutes looking at stores but then went to wait in front of the place again for fear we would miss our calling.   After a wait of over 45 minutes we were about to leave and go eat somewhere else but the guy pointed at us and let us know our table was ready.    We sat down and we had a pretty nice waitress who was on the ball and checked in with us often.    I ordered a Stella Artois beer and my husband Iced tea.    They were brought out quickly.    For dinner I ordered the Reuben and my husband the shepherds pie.   My one complaint is that they charge extra for sides which don't really amount to anything when they bring them out to you.  I ordered a ceasar side salad to go with my sandwich and it was basically a few small pieces of lettuce with 2 croutons on top.   The Reuben was pretty good. Waitress made small talk as we were paying the bill which was nice however once I put my card in and she brought it back I set my beer down for a second to sign my name and she snatched my beer and all the other glasses and took them to the kitchen.   I still had about 3 drinks left in my glass so that irritated me since I'd spent good money to purchase a beer.   I took a dollar tip away for that . Other than that a reasonable place to eat at in Mandalay Bay.  Just don't go during the Irish music segment if you aren't interested in hearing it because I read on the menu they charge a 20 percent surcharge of your total bill to hear the band play.   Glad we got out a few minutes before they started playing or it would have been an $8 dollar charge extra on top of all the other taxes and tips.
1	We ordered the mussels, PUB WINGS (Jameson honey glaze $9), STEAK + CHIPS  (a 12oz NY Strip, roasted mushrooms & onions, hand cut chips, Gaelic steak sauce $25.95) and MUSHROOM RISOTTO ( with leeks, asparagus $15.95)The mussels were "okay", nothing amazing.  The wings had almost no flavor at all except for a hint of sweetness.  The NY strip was cooked correctly, but had a ton of grizzle.  The chips (fries) with the NY strip were cold and greasy.  They brought a new order of fries that were hot, but the grease was overwhelming.The mushroom risotto was sticky and starchy with little flavor.Overall, one of the worse restaurants I've been to, regardless of the location.
1	Terrible food and way to loud for the size of the bar with the band. Plus a couple of us got sick immediately after. I would not recommend this.What did we get? Myself - Irish bangers with Mash and Peas. Sausages I think were precooked. Something slightly off. Mash seemed powdered but the peas were good. I got cramps after though so I know the food was off because we were totally fine before dinner.Wife - Soup (was green, split pea? I dont recall) - got cramps and worse immediately after dinner that resulted in her running back to the room. Very bad.Friends wife - she ordered risotto and it came gummy and funky. Definately not cooked to order. Sent back to kitchen. She shared her husbands fish which I guess was ok.Friend - Fish and chips. Seems like the only one to get a relatively safe meal. I guess the deep fryer kills the salmonella or whatever was getting us all sick.Over all for being in the Mandalay, this place is in serious need of a food inspection. That we got sick eating here is BAD. Not recommended ever. Maybe beers. Service was ok, but way too damn loud for a small irish band (coming from a guy who plays in bands no less) in a small space. it was uncomfortable and just kinda lame.
5	My opinion, one of the greatest places in LV. Small but very accommodating. I came in with my bf around 12am after walking back and forth from Luxor to Mandalay to find a cool place that's not too expensive for a little late night rondevu before bed. So in we go, it's dark as hell in there, live band with surround sound thumping super loud. At first it was too loud until you sit down and realize the people around having drinks are even louder - which was fine because everyone was having a good ol' time and I'm all for that.The bf and I sat down at the bar and we were greeted immediately by a cute Irish speaking guy; strong accent but very cool like the one youd hear in a movie. So we get to looking at the menu and then we ordered the mild buffalo style wings (multiple flavors you can choose from ie Guinness style etc) which were priced at $8.95 and the guiness beef stew $15.95. While waiting for our food, couple guys were standing behind us (we were sitting at the bar). The guy says to the gal bartender, "hey I'm here with a friend and hes a beer drinker, me not so much kind of talk so what can you get me that's not so bitter, I like more sweet." So she goes and grabs two cups and filled them up with new castle and guiness which I thought was cool cause who gives trials of beer? The guy who was ordering thought it was awesome too. Mind you when I came in, I was extremely tired from a trade show I'd attended earlier in the day so I was in no mood but after seeing all that, I was pretty much in the mood now. Shortly thereafter, our wings came in and I was thinking DAMN! I was expecting 5-6 wings, hey we're in Vegas and at the price marked I was surprised, probably 15 wings total. We get to biting and immediately I was like this is mild? it's so good but it's pretty damn spicy - more like atomic wings from wing stop, no complaints it's just a bit spicy I couldn't even finish one. The bf and I ate all the celery to calm the heat but nothing could tame it. Our bartender asked if everything was ok, we told him yeah except we were not expecting the wings to be soo spicy, so he laughs cause the bf's sweating his forehead off haha and he hands over more napkins. He's like yeah man (with his accent) we can change it up for you if you want, bf says no it's good man (dont want to cause too much trouble). We refused anway after a few more attempts - so a waiter comes out and gives us two large cups of milk and some fresh made vanilla ice cream - yum! Then the manager comes up, laughs and says hey were sorry, I heard from my kitchen and the bartender that our mild wings are a bit much, she also recommended we change the wings too but we tell her no. When our tab finally came out, they charged us only the beer. This was totally unexpected because we weren't complaining they were just that cool about everything. The entire crew here has awesome hospitality and their service is on point!I gave the guys a $15 dollar tip for a 7 dollar guiness beer :) they deserved it. You guys are awesome!!!!
5	I was here on opening day and have been a loyal ever since.  The Guinness is awesome, poured correctly (very HARD to find in Vegas).  It's the only place in LV that actually is an Irish bar and servers Irish food like Irish Breakfast. The food is always great.The Whiskey menu is amazing.  Bartendars are friendly.  To respond to an earlier remark...These are not fake Irish accents.  They do move here to do this and they are from Ireland.  If you've ever visited Boston you know they do the same thing in their pubs, too!Friday locals get 40% food!  You can't beat it!  Not Happy Hour specials so if you see a coupon, use it!
4	One of the things about staying in Mandalay Bay is that you're kind of isolated from the rest of the strip, so if you want to get something moderate to eat and don't want to go to the cafe, you're kind of limited.  So it's brilliant that they opened all these restaurants between the walkway to their sister resort Luxor.  Among these places is a gem of an Irish Pub, Ri Ra. We wanted to get a decent bite for dinner and have a beer, so this matched our criteria perfectly.  We were late for happy hour and we sat in the area behind he main bar which suited us fine because there was a party going on in the main area and it was loud.  They have an excellent selection of beer and Irish drafts, which was great. Our server had a thick Irish accent and he recommended potato cakes and chicken wings for appetizers, though said everything was good.  We got the potato cakes and they were great.I ordered the Shepherd's pie, which was delicious, and my buddy got the Irish beef stew.  He liked it, but said he should have ordered the Shepherd's pie after tasting mine.  One thing though, is that it's made with ground beef and not with lamb, because I always thought that authentic Shepherd's pie was made with lamb and not beef?  I may be wrong though but it was still delicious.  We didn't have any dessert.  I'd go back and may even order the same thing.
4	I'm one of those odd ducks that gets excited over the promise of Irish food, but I love me some corned beef and cabbage and when this became a suggestion, I was stoked. It's definitely a pub and not a quiet one. There was live music in one room and in another, for reasons I'm unclear on, a magician. Entertaining any way that you look at it.We had some great salmon and some Irish eggroll looking thing for appetizers and then the food came. My corned beef was wonderfully flavorful and the Shepherds pie looked good, but the gold medal goes to the fish and chips. Oh my, it was massive. Super gigantic, great flavoring. Nom nom nom. Highly recommend this place if you're starting to get sick of steak dinners and want something a little different.
5	Hostess was rude and not helpful.....I'm guessing she was an 18 yr girl who has never worked in the service industry....bartender was awesome!! Don't remember his name....shorter skinny guy....very personable and super attentive!I ordered the halibut late at night after flying all day! It was great, but too much pepper....drinks were generous, atmosphere was fantastic....music was upbeat and a good mix of ages!!! Am  going back even if the little hostess sucks!!!
1	I had the reuben sandwich.  It was terrible.  Incredibly dry.  I could not chew it enough times.  After gnawing my way through half the sandwich, I gave up.  Not only was it drier than the Nevada desert, I thought it tasted a bit weird.  I smelled the 1000 Island dressing on the other half of the sandwich and it smelled as if it were beginning to turn.  I had the sweet potato tots as a side.  They were soggy and tasted of bad fryer oil. My friend had a cup of soup that tasted like nothing but salt.  Disgusting.  This place was terrible.  The bartender was friendly enough, but how he can sling this garbage food with confidence, telling you it's delicious, I have no idea!The only thing that was palatable was the Jameson-neat!
4	Definitely one of the more hidden gems on the Las Vegas Strip. Located between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor hotel this place offers a great atmosphere (mature crowd, live bands), with excellent food. From my experience overseas, I find there are two types of Irish bars. There are the "meat market" pick up joints that are extremely loud, packed and filthy. Then there are the clean, lively and cozy places like Ri Ra. Our group was in Ri Ra on a daily basis for either breakfast or pre-drinks and I would strongly recommend it to others who are fans of the Irish Pub Experience.
4	Came here with a few friends on a Friday night. We were able to snag a table pretty fast. There was an awesome irish band rocking out.My only problem with the place was its very loud in there so it was hard to carry on a conversation.But we were all good. Enjoying the music. I had to order a dirty martini which they made very well.Service was on point & I would totally come back again.
4	We were in Las Vegas last week and on our last night decided to try this Irish Pub at Mandalay Bay. In an area of overpriced restaurants this is a great find. Good service from an Irish waiter who had just moved to Vegas as well as a fantastic risotto which my wife enjoyed and a perfectly cooked prime rib. The only complaint I could think of is that the serving of the prime rib was way too big for me. A couple of pints of an Irish ale as well as the live music complimented the meal quite well. This will be a do over on our next trip to Vegas.
5	If u r looking for some dependable fish & chips or wings, at a non-vegas (i.e. decent) price. This is the place. Reminds me of the Irish lion from Bloomington IN.
4	Cheers for beers!  I love myself a glass of dark, smooth beer.  Actually I didnt try anything new from what I already know, but I was really happy that they serve Boddingtons!  What a great way to relax from all the shopping and walking and gambling :)  Fish and chips are the most popular dish here, and I have to admit, it was pretty damn good.  But like our waitress said, its not good for bikini season! thats why my bf ordered it :) I had a bite of the fish, I looove the batter. It was delicious.  Loved it, I may possibly be back again :)
4	We were on the very late side of dinner but wanted to hit up Mandalay Bay (lucky gambling spot, only lost $3 there!), and when we arrived pretty much only had the Mandalay Place connector mall area to go to, which had burgers, pizza, Mexican, and Ri Ra. We were least familiar with Irish pub food, but I'm so glad we went for it here rather than settle for the blander menus at the other places. Everyone was friendly (drunk) and it made me long to visit my motherland someday - I envision Ireland as green and beer. We had the beef + Guinness stew and Shepherd's Pie, which really hit the spot along with their soda bread. I should have had a Guinness with it but wasn't in the mood for beer, so I went with a cocktail. Mistake! When in pubs, order beer.
4	Came here for lunch on a Sunday with 10 other rowdy bros of mine. It's a tad small but it is quite accomodating and has a very quaint and charming Irish pub feel to it. What makes it even better is that as we walked in, we walked past a table of 5 Irish guys ranting and drinking beers. The presence of real Irish people? Ooooh this place has gotta be legit!Ordered the bistro chicken sandwich - made with sun-dried potato pesto, mayo, garden rocket, piquant peppers, smoked provolone, all served on grilled focaccia. MMM soo good! And the portions were surprisingly large for a dish that demanded $11.95, especially in Las Vegas!I also ordred a side of sweet potato tots but those ended up being less than mediocre. Surprisingly moist and soggy rather than crisp. So I would skip that and go with the mashed potatoes or simply chipper chips (fries). The dish also came with a side of a sauce called malted vinegar mayo which tastes exactly how it sounds. I was never a fan of malted vinegar but some of my buddies enjoyed pouring it all over their sandwiches. It's certainly interesting, not for me, not for everyone, but it's definitely got its niche! =)So yeah, if you're ever in the vicinity of Mandalay Bay and you're looking for something relatively cheap that's not fast food, I'd definitely give Ri Ra a recommendation as it will probably give you the most bang for your buck! Also, the food is pretty bomb too!
3	I had some kind of grilled chicken sandwich with arugula on fococcia bread. It seemed bland. If I went back, I'd try a burger or rueben. Atmosphere and service were good, though.
4	I can say that I have not had the food at this place except for some fries, but other than that this place is an A+ to me. Great beer and great music. I will definitely be back the next time I go to Vegas.
3	came by for a pint and some EuroCup while waiting for our room. the blokes at the bar were friendly enough. i have to use blokes since this was an irish spot. plus, one of the dudes was irish. or german. i don't remember. he had an accent.there was a beer special for $5. apparently it's made for women to drink? whatever. it tasted good. my buddy ordered some curry fries. not bad. nothing to write home about. the spot looks geniunely like a pub. wood floors and paneling. you can get lost not realizing you're in Vegas in between Luxor and Mandalay Bay.
5	I love fine dining in Vegas, but sometimes, you need a place where you can kick back and enjoy delicious, casual fare at reasonable prices...Ri Ra is just the place!  The sausage rolls are super-tasty: plump and juicy bangers wrapped in a crisp, puff pastry served with a rich and creamy mustard sauce.  I would also recommend the fish n chips, fresh haddock battered and deep-fried, yet lightly crisp, not at all oily and heavy.  We also really enjoyed the shepherds pie, the ground lamb was very flavorful and was balanced out perfectly with the mashed potatoes on top.  I also got a chance to try Irish shandy, which is a cross between beer and lemonade.  I'm not a big beer drinker in general, but a touch of sweet, citrusy tang was a real refreshing twist!  Service here is fast, friendly, and genuine.  I would love to come back on my next trip!
4	Fantastic, late-night Irish pub food. Great alternative to Nine Fine Irishmen; Nine Fine can be a bit overdone and definitely touristy (read: not my fav), though their food is all right.Ri Ra features an extensive menu of Irish and some American favorites. I wanted to order about a half-dozen things off the menu. Bangers and mash. Lamb stew. Fish and chips. Went with the fish and chips and shared with the hubby--it was plenty. It's a huge slab of fish covered with light-as-air beer batter. OM NOM NOM.The soda bread--I know it's supposed to be dense and dry--was just a little too dense and dry, though once slathered in KERRYGOLD (!!!) butter pats and dipped in soup, it's perfection. So, toss-up there. I asked for an extra serving of it, so there you go.The most memorable thing was actually my dad's lamb stew, and also their potato leek soup, of all things. The former was rich, flavorful, authentic, and lick-the-bowl good, and the latter was silky, smooth, and had ideal flavor. Win.Drawback was trying to find gluten-free food for my mom, who has celiac disease (read: gluten ALLERGY, not diet). They were willing and able, however, to prepare her a steak in a clean pan so she wouldn't get sick, so kudos for that. It's also mega-noisy. But hey, it's a pub. Go and enjoy. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I visited las Vegas for the first time and after 50 years of growing up in Irish Cathpolic New England family had the best Irish food of my life. But, moreso the service was exceptional and the most friendly of anywhere we went in the city. We were so disappointed other places we came back for a second dinner here. It made me proud of my heritage. The staff was as nice as any restaraunt I have ever been. The corned beef and cabbage and the fish and chips were spectacular! After, debacles at two other restaraunts due to poor service or lackluster food at high prices we found this place and would love to go to any of the ones located on the east coast especially the ones in Maine and New Hampshire. Thanks, for being a really bright light for us in a city of supposed bright lights.John E. WoodP.S. I read one of the other reviews and it referred to a gyro. I do not believe they serve them at the Ri Ra but, if they did why would ordera gyro at an Irish Pub. Also, I thought the Nine Fine Irishmen place at New York, New York was horrible so I am not just looking to promote Irish places!
4	I actually made it out of The Tropicana by 8am for my morning walk this past Sunday. Impressed? You should be, as it was a tough go the 1st 100 yards or so, and it was already in the mid 90's. After a mile or 2 I doubled back to Mandalay Bay in search of a Bloody Mary. Whaaaat? Its Vegas damn it. Walked around the casino to discover the bars were not yet open at nearly 9am. Hey! I thought this was Vegas not Des Moines.I decided to take the air conditioned route through the mall thing that stretches through a couple of hotels and drops one directly across from "The Trop." Panic started to creep in as I passed a few more shuttered restaurants. Wait, someone up ahead opening their doors for business. Is it a clothing store or..?? OMG, its an Irish Pub. I thought the heat was affecting me and I was dreaming a desperate dream.Sure enough, 9am sharp and these Angels of Mercy were beckoning me towards the flashy bar. Some slick looking kat with (presumably) an Irish accent welcomed me like a long lost mate. Feeling better already.My new mate Tom made me a killer Stoli Mary, and soon some fellow dehydrated patrons showed up and it turned into your typical neighborhood Irish bar kinda place. Yeah, right here in Fauxville Vegas. Especially unexpected in this mall tunnel thingy. My intention was a one n done, but my other new mates seated next to me ordered some delicious looking breakfasts, and I was soon requesting that menu that I previously returned to Tom. He recommended the Irish Eggs Benedict, which listed Rashers as an ingredient, and he informed it was the Irish version of Canadian bacon. I just looked it up and found this definition: "Rashers (n): pieces of bacon; female genitalia."  Ahem, think I will move on without further comment. I also looked up Ri-Ra (n): Irish expression for fun and excitement.Great breakfast, great service, great vibe. If ever on this boring end of the strip, this is a must do.
5	This is a fantastic Irish pub. The decor is absolutely spot-on (I grew up in Dublin's fair city so I know what I'm talking about here!) and the atmosphere is amazingly genuine. The bartenders are very friendly and skilled and can pull a first-class pint of Guinness. The food is tasty, well-prepared and a good value for the price point. The Irish breakfast in particular is a brilliant way to start the day after a heavy night out! The bronze statue of St Patrick is a funny and cool touch also. Anytime I'm in the vicinity, Ri Ra is a must-visit. If you are looking for a little piece of Ireland in the heart of Las Vegas, then it doesn't get any better than this. Highly recommended!
4	I walked by Ri Ra a few times and didn't think much of it on the outside, thinking it was just another loud bar. However, after checking reviews online, I knew it was worth a shot. It doesn't hurt that it was constructed from a pub in Ireland and then shipped here, which makes it even more intriguing to visit. The yummy food, good service and laid back atmosphere are some of the reasons why I'd absolutely come back again. I felt like I had to downgrade my rating one star for the overpriced wine we had (even by Las Vegas standards).
4	I came here for dinner in December 2011.  I ordered the Shepard's pie and a sidecar.  The shephard's pie is good and worth ordering.  The bartender did not know how to make a sidecar so my order was his first time.  The drink was on the weak side and was missing the sugar rim, but I won't count it against them.I noticed that customers in the restaurant were about 80% women.  I don't know if there was a special event going on or if this place is a favorite hangout with women.  The restaurant was almost full but we found a table in the back corner.  There's a Guiness store next door.  The waiter said it's the only Guiness store outside of Ireland.  Don't know if it's true or not but there's a lot of good gift ideas in the store.  I would like to return again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I've been here a few times and enjoy it.  It's deceptive in its size from the out side, it goes very far back.  Staff is all friendly, quick service, huge portions on the food, good drinks.  If you want that irish pub experience to get away from the food courts and burger places,
5	This is probably my new fav spot in Vegas!  We were tired of buffets and just wanted good food. We thought this place was worth a try. When we got there the hostess was so friendly with a beautiful Irish accent. She swiped my 2 month old out of my arms and started showing her off... In that moment I knew we were in an authentic Irish pub. While it is not geared towards families, my family was welcomed with open arms. The food was fantastic and the serving staff embraced the children with us. The band was fantastic and even played Black Velvet Band for my husband, who requested it for his Birthday, I truly felt like I was in a pub in England or Ireland (yes, I've been to many). It was surreal to walk out of the pub and back in to Vegas... I was half expecting to step out onto a street in Ireland.BTW the Lamb and Rosemary burger was to die for and the Guinness was poured perfectly.
4	I had a great first time experience at the Ri Ra on a recent Saturday night while in town. This Irish themed establishment is located in Mandalay Place which is a commercial walkway that connects the Mandalay Bay and Luxor hotels. I was reluctantly dragged here by a good friend who relishes all things Irish and made this excellent called shot. The gastropub and traditional beer offerings we sampled were excellent but the highlight of the evening was the international crowd and musical entertainment. The two musicians performed a mixed set of Irish tunes and pop classics that totally engaged and involved the audience. Think drunk English male patron on stage belting out obscure tunes, twenty something females acting as go-go dancers, swaying dance partners and numerous sing-a-longs. Great fun to say the least.
5	The place and service is good. The John Henry sippin Ale was really nice; but not for the weak......... Enjoy. My veg sandwich was nice too....
4	We absolutely loved this place! Service was outstanding, the food was yummy and the atmosphere took me back to my trip to Ireland. Will definitely be back to visit. :)
5	Last night was my third trip there in maybe 2 months. I'm local, so I don't always JUMP at the idea of eating on the Strip, but this place is worth it. Each time I've gone, the servers we had were all from Ireland.  I love their accents and friendliness. Thus far, we've had the irish sausages wrapped in phyllo dough as an appetizer with a spicy brown mustard - To Die For!   I've had the Focaccia Chicken Sandwich w/ peppers, rocket....Fabulous!  The Kilcooly which is Boar's head turkey, irish cheddar, irish bacon, and a very tasty schmear - Awesome!  Irish Mac and Cheese was the 3rd entree I've tried - my fave!  You can have it plain w/ the bread crumbs toasted on top, or add shrimp or chicken. I had it w/ chicken. It's quite small, but definitely enough for one person.  My friends last night all ordered either the small size fish and chips and the Guiness Beef Stew. There were no leftovers.  :)     The small size fish and chips is about 10-12oz, while the large portion is about 14-18 oz.  The "chips" are hand cut and really good!  I have always loved malt vinegar on my fries growing up, and am happy that others enjoy the flavor as much as I do!
4	What a gem amongst all the touristy spots along the strip with super long waits. I came here based on recommendations of my fellow Yelpers and they did not disappoint!Best part - not having to wait in a line to get seatedThe foodFish and chips - omg..the piece of fish they give you is GIGANTIC! I didn't eat this so can't vouch for the tastiness of it. I ordered the curry with chicken, which tasted exactly like watered down Japanese curry you make at home. I thoroughly enjoyed this dish, but it felt more Japanese than Irish to me...oh wellTotally swing by this place if you want a tasty bite without the touristy wait. Prices weren't too bad
5	Great getaway to an Irish pub straight off the boat, Joy, Sinead, and Jr. Have made me feel at home, away from home.  A must do, to decompress from the rush that exists here in Vegas!
4	Really enjoyed this pub,service was very efficient and friendly. Had full Irish breakfast....authentic right down to the kerrygold butter,and bonus.....the coffee was really really good.
4	The Guinness was flowing.  The band was playing.  The fun was had.  Really cool place.  Made me feel like I was back in Ireland.
5	This a beautiful and interesting pub. The Irish servers are a great touch. The different rooms or bars with a lovely story behind each makes it more attractive. We have our favorite server David . Ask for him and a tour of the place. You will get a lovely story and wonderful service. The full serving of fish and chips came with the fish being a fileted fish longer than the plate. It melted in my mouth. the flavor very good and light. The beef and Guinness stew with Irish soda bread was tender and flavorful. After David serving us, our favorite thing is the St. Patrick holding a staff and a glass of Guinness.  This a lovely place to have a meal and soak in the atmosphere.
5	The fish and chips as well as the Shepard Pie were excellent.  All the servers are excellent,  with a smattering of Irish accents across several of them.  Great beer selection and a good kids menu.  We were there twice on our recent visit to Vegas,  and joined their rewards program.  We'll be back.  Love the beer sampler.
4	Diane and I went back to Ri Ra and I was very impressed with their delicious dinner special of a Rasher Filet served perfectly medium rare as requested, with a few Whiskey Sauce drizzles on top, a surrounding ring of really tasty bacon, and a nicely grilled potato cake underneath.  Better hurry because this special will not last much longer.  The meat was even better dipped in an additional hot Gaelic Sauce that was brought to the table.  Accompanying spears of thin asparagus were good, and a starter of a hot bowl of Curried Carrot Soup with big hunks of potato was very good.  The soda bread & butter was good and authentic Irish fare, but the edges of this dark bread product are rather rough, and I like French and Italian bread so much more.  Diane's large order of Fish & Chips was just that--a very large and delectable fried fish fillet.  I enjoyed one moist bite, she ate half of what was left, and then she took the remaining portion home to savor for lunch the next day.  Of course, I finished all of my food in one sitting!  Service was very good, and I liked hearing all of the Irish accents that resounded throughout the place.  The 20% local discount was the cherry on top for this fine Irish dining experience.* * * * -1/2 overall on this particular outing!
5	A friend was in town from LA & staying at The Luxor and suggested we meet at Mandalay Place Mall, which is located upstairs in between the Luxor & Mandalay Bay Hotels. The dining options, as per my friend, were Burgers or a an Irish Pub - Ri Ra.I admit that at the time, BOTH these options sounded very "touristy" being located between two MGM owned Hotels. I immediatly went here to Yelp to get some idea of what was "what" and was amazed to see there was not one bad thing that was said about the place. This had me even more interested and I even learned that the Pub was an Authentic Irish Pub that had been disassembled & shipped to Las Vegas. As you can see, The Yelp site has 122 photos of the Pub including entrees, decor and the likes and this was very helpful in making the choice between Irish Pub & Burgers.To be honest, Burgers had the back seat from the start and is why I went to Ri Ra's Yelp page first. I can make Burgers at home. So basically with my mind already made up, I went to the Official web page and it was even more helpful and included a full menu. It was then that I had to fight between the choices of ordering the Shepards Pie, a Rueben Sandwich or The Fish-n-Chips....descions, descions.And so it was agreed upon that we'd meet at 9pm for dinner on a Tuesday. Upon arriving it was a little tricky finding the entrance but I managed to do so by walking towards the huge lit "Mandalay Place Valet" sign and I quickly found the entrance & walked up the stairs vice taking the escalator (Excersice = Do it!!). Ri Ra is just around the corner to the right of the escalators as if you were going to Mandalay Bay. There was a hostess already assisting another party, so thinking that my friend might already be seated I walked in to have a look. When you walk in past the hostess you enter a small room wt a bar that basically extends the lenght of the Pub and this room opens up into 3 bigger rooms that are dimmly lit and seat diners at tables and booths. In the second Room there was a 2 person acoustic band playing and I made my way past them to the very back and did not see my friend and called her and told her were I was. As I waited at the empty deserted back bar sipping a drink I had brought in with me and watching some soccer match on the flat screen TV, I was eventually approached by a member of the Staff that asked me if I needed anything to which I responded that I was just waiting on someone. For a Tuesday night the place was half full and lively. I can imagine on the weekends there might be a wait to get a table. As my friend arrived, this was not the case and while at the bar as we discussed where we were going to sit, we were approached by a waiter who told us we could pick wherever we wanted & we quickly took a booth table by the wall that was right in front of us.Everything, as advertised was GREAT. I ended up deciding on the Fish-n-Chips opting out on the chips & substituting steamed rice which I was very surprised they even had. In hindsight, that was a mistake - not because of any problem with the rice, but the Sweet potato tots would have been a much better option as I found out sampling from my friends friend dish. The piece of fish was very big and very filling. If you like fish, this is an awesome choice and comes perfectly lightly breaded. You cant go wrong ordering this!!My friend ordered the Buffalo Chicken tenders and they were very good as well and I ended up sampling them as she couldnt finish eating them all. They were perfectly spiced and very plump = not overwhelmingly hot and not over breaded and I wouldnt be surprised if they had been hand cut and battered on site. My friends friend ordered a sandwhich of some kind and it look very good as well and as previously mentioned, she couldnt finish eating her Sweet Potato tots and that was very lucky for me. I almost ordered a side myself but between drinks & turning my piece of fish into finger food, was having a time of it on my own.Overall, between the Atmosphere, the kindness & greatfullness of the staff & the good food I can see why no one had anything bad to say about Ri Ra. I will definatly be back with some company for a one man attack on the Large Fish-n-Chips with the Sweet potato tots next time. I dont usually hand out 5's BUT Ri Ra's is a 5 for sure if not more!!
5	Love Ri Ra! We had our wedding reception there on 8/11/12. We also went there a couple other nights during our trip just to hang out with friends and have a few beers. They have great staff, great beer, and fun live Irish music on most nights. Highly recommended for a wedding reception (and of course just to hang out). Coming from California, we depended on a manager, Paula, to make it a hit. We used their house DJ, Stephen, and ordered an array of party trays and appetizers to serve buffet style. We had 50 people and it was perfect for their Theater Room, which was reserved just for us, with our own bar and restrooms! I dropped off our candy and jars for a candy buffet and left it to Paula to put together how she wished while we were at our ceremony. She did an amazing job! I can not express how wonderful our reception turned out. I hope Ri Ra stays there forever. Our friends had a great time there also and kept going back throughout the weekend. By the way, the food is excellent! Irish potato cakes and fish and chips were our favorite.
5	Stoped here for lunch while passing through Mandalay Bay. The interior is great, lots of booths, dark wood. Service was fast and super friendly. I had the burger made of ground lamb with goat cheese and it was excellent. My husband had the Irish breakfast which was also very good. They have different dipping sauces for fries too. I wish I could package those and take them home. Of course Guiness was on draft. I also had the rattle snake (guiness mixed with cider) very nice. Prices were very reasonable. We had an MGM employee discount of 20%. They also have a locals card that can earn points towards food and drinks.The best deal is on Fridays they have 40% off food for locals. I just wish I lived closer.
5	Great beer selection and fantastic food for a reasonable price. Stay away from the in-casino restaurants instead. It can be a long wait sometimes, though, so plan accordingly.
4	Food was good. Prices weren't bad for being in the mall of the Mandalay Bay. Service was a bit on the slow side, took our server awhile to get us the check when we were done eating. Back room smelled weird, like old eggs.
5	One of our best stops while in Vegas was Ri Ra's!   My husband being Scottish, we were looking forward to this authentic Irish pub with some food/drink items we are accustom to.  Tim, our waiter, from London was so much fun and actually spent a lot of time with us while continuing to serve multiple tables.   I had the fish & chips (of course!) and John enjoyed the curry and chips.   While John went for a traditional Kilkenny, I was on course again looking for that perfect appletini.   The Brits & Irish being much more keen on drink perfection, Tim was glad to see to it that I received a proper appletini.  And, it was oh so good!   This place is a must visit if you like the feel and friendliness of a proper pub.   This one was built in Ireland, shipped in pieces to the US and reassembled at it's final location at the Mandalay Bay shops.  Check it out - enjoy the real deal in food, drink and people.  OK...... Tim is from London, married to a Las Vegas gal, but he's still British all the way.   Most staff working at Ri Ra are Irish, British, even Australian, here to serve you on a 12 month visa.  They also have a live band every evening, 7 days a week.  Love you Ri Ra!  We will definitely stop by again next time we are in town.  The Galbraiths
4	Buddy and I went here during a conference recently and OMG it was awesome. Sinead our waitress was very cool (just call her "Red"!) and the September special is a steak pie, which I ordered. It was huge and the crust was really pasty and tasty. The bartender took way too long for my beers (it's just beer!) so you don't get 4 stars. Everyone had these awesome Irish accents and Sinead said it was a must, but the black (ever see one in Ireland?) manager did not. Weird. Great location. My buddies' sandwich rocked, too. Try this place, seriously.
4	We enjoyed the great food and wonderful friendly service, and the prices were real good for vegas. Hubby had the seafood stew kinda thing. I had the killcooly, mother had prime rib and sis had ceasar salad with chicken. Oh the soda bread, wonderful! Definately try this one.
5	Best Irish pub i have ever been to!!!!! Closest to the real thing I've ever experienced , in my hometown we have Killarneys etc but they're all bro spots and just a gimmick. Happened to just pass by this place a couple years ago and made friends with the bartender Paul, my husband and i had a blast talking to him. The atmosphere is fun and the people that work there are actually Irish, our first visit consisted of drinks only in the front bar. They have a great extensive selection of beers and our most recent visit we got to try a few food items....the fish n chips is great, a huge portion! I got the mac n cheese but put my own spin on it adding bacon & bangers  which was good not the best but good. my husband enjoyed his rueben sandwich and their crab cakes were decent.I just love coming here! always feels like there's so much to look at around the place, the music is awesome, and I cant help but always leave feeling gooooooood from all the drinks and laughs. Great spot to hang with friends and in our case make one.
4	Very friendly staff and excellent selection of Irish beers. Prices are a tad high.
5	The best irish bar in Vegas!!! We came here accidentally because of a horrible experience at another bar, and I am so happy we came here. The place was packed, loud, AWESOME. The bartenders were irish (Some of them) , the band was flown in from northern ireland. I was in heaven. Even with the bar being so crowded, all of the bartenders were constantly checking on us. We were only supposed to go in for a couple of drinks and we ended up closing the place down. We had so much fun I never wanted to leave. I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place and will go back as much as I can.
5	I came here JUST for the perfect pint of irish dry stout, Guinness, and that is exactly what I got.  Well worth the $8/glass...a Tulip shaped glass mind you. The pour and head were to perfection and the guinness itself was CREAMY SMOOTH.  We all know Guinness is blended with Nitrogen when poured...but I wish I had the chance to see their method to the perfect pour because the cascading bubbles along the glass wall were mesmerizing.
5	Some of the best food we had in Vegas was here at Ri Ra.  We found their bacon-wrapped filet special, and it was AMAZING.  Best dinner deal on the strip, as far as flavor and value go. If we'd have found it sooner, we'd have been there every night!  Friendly bartenders, good waitstaff, and live music on weekends.  Absolutely a must-do if you're at the Mandalay Bay end of the strip!
5	This pub is nothing short of amazing! The full Irish breakfast with an Irish coffee is the ONLY way to start off your day. Follow that off with a pint of Guinness and your off to the races!After several more pints I ordered the Guinness stew.  All I can say is WOW! Smooth, delicious and full of meat and vegetables.I followed that up with several more pints of Guinness, so I really don't remember what else I ordered. The staff here is amazing. Very friendly and they really go out if their way to make you feel at home.If you do stop in, sit at the bar and talk to Cyril. You will NEVER find a more sincere, nicer bartender in your life!
5	I remember when they were hiring for this place and I met Cyril. We started talking about our love for Guinness and I told him I never had a proper pull in the U.S. He promised me this place would have the best pint I will ever have in the states, he would even buy me my first round. I came back when it opened and he fulfilled his promise. First round and by far the best pour I have had in America. Now for Guinness lovers that is a very important thing. I met some of the staff and they are awesome.Since then I drop by whenever I am in town.  Food is excellent and I've tried most things on the menu. The ambiance is like a pub is supposed to be, and clean to boot. Every time I have gone back they have not disappointed, and the boys behind the bar are still awesome. That definitely deserves five stars by far, and I don't take that lightly.
1	The food as awful and the music is sad....overall this place is a dump.
2	I was unimpressed with their measly house "Ri Ra salmon and spinach salad".  I don't even think it was big enough to be a side salad, let alone an entree. Bleh!
5	Awesome place for drinks or dinner.. Irish all  the way. Guinness and every Irish whhisky you could want.. I had fish and chips one night and came back for the shepherds pie the next day.. both were fantastic and I'll even say the best I've ever eaten. Porton size is way too much. .split either one with somebody.. Irish two person band was excellent.. started of the  night all Irish and then  hit some covers too.. Met plenty of nice , friendly folks from all over-- Belfast, Scotland, Ireland, Canada, etc.. the place was packed.. so get there before 9 if you want to sit down while you see the band.. Big screen tvs for games and great decor . Beats Nine Fine Irishmen by far..    If I lived close.. I would be there everynight.
4	I've been smitten by the Jameson and Ginger Drink!!! Whew!!! Still have the best Fish and Chips!!! Suppose I should venture and try the other Irish Dishes! :-) I'm sure that I will not be disappointed!!!
4	Aside from my friends choosing the noisiest section of the pub, I loved this place. Service was great. Beer was delicious. And I even enjoyed the music - albeit a bit loud for my tastes (hard to have a conversation).I can't remember my beer selection but it came in the biggest beer glass I have ever seen. It was a wheat ale and even though I was a bit intimidated by the amount of beer I received, I drank it all. Yup, it was that good.Ordered some wings as my late-night dinner - surprisingly delicious. I only say that since this is an Irish pub. Overall, I really enjoyed Ri Ra and definitely recommend stopping in. Especially if you're a fan of Guinness or just good beer in general.
1	I really liked this place. Friends were staying at the Luxor so we ended up here 3 nights in a row. To eat and have one or two drinks the three of us never got out of here for less $200. But the food was good, and so was the atmosphere, so we didn't mind. When we went in there our last night I was kinda broke. I read on the menu that Jameson was $6 a shot. I got it because it was so cheap. When we moved to out table and got a server a ordered a few more. When the bill came they charged $10 a shot (plus the live music tax, plus 23% gratuity, plus alcohol tax). It was far more than double what I thought I would be paying. I told the server the menu at the bar said $6 a shot. He said no way. I said I'll go get it and show you. He said he'd go get it. He came back with the menu and said it says $8, but our prices go up all the time so you have to pay $10. Slammed it, and walked off before I could ask to see it. So I did. Then as I was walking out I had to look, because I knew it said $6. Sure enough. I tried to flag our server down, and he literally ran in the back. I asked another server to get him. They came back and said he went home. I asked for a manager, and they said there wasn't one. All the bartender would do was give me another shot after standing there yelling at my cousin and I for 5 mins. Any place that employees people that will straight out lie to customers, bait and switch customers, and yell at customers gets 1 star (even though their chicken sandwich may be the best thing I've ever eaten).
2	I know I am may be in the minority on this topic but I hate live music at bars and pubs.  It is always far too loud.  It is especially bad when it is a band attempting to be Irish singing songs from all genres.  I would have moved on, but others in the group were starving and could not wait to find a new place.The bar its self is a decent place.  There are a few different seating areas.  The hostess did do her best to seat us as far away from the music as possible.The food is ok.  I ordered the chipper chips with cheese and bacon.  They come with a malt vinegar mayo, which is a nice touch.  The chips are large steak fries.  They are covered in a decent amount of cheese and bacon.The service is ok.  The staff is generally friendly.  I am not sure if they are made to force an Irish accent, but it does not work for some of them.
5	Amazing atmosphere! The Guinness BBQ wings were the best wings I've ever had. The bartender was very kind, and professional. I will definitely be coming back to this bar the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Had our wedding meet and greet there. Service was great. Music was good. Definitely would eat there again.
1	Irish music fail. We were served fried potatoes cooked well before we ordered them. When the manager asked me how things were and I told him about the poor quality of the food he was dismissive of my complaint. I was taken aback by his intimation  that I didn't know what I was talking about, that I was wrong.  He asked me how the problem could be fixed and I said the order should be taken off my bill.  He conceded and agreed to remove the order from my bill, but then proceeded to openly mock me for my complaint! I called him on his mocking tone, and he behaved himself thereafter. No one needs this kind of crap when they are in Las Vegas expecting to have a pleasant evening.
4	If you need to a break from the many bars in the Luxor or in the Mandalay Bay, then go to this bar that is located in between.It's Irish, so they have the standard "Irish" drinks, the "Irish" food and Irish music too. And with the great music, the mood here can be really lively. It's open late night too.
4	Food was excellent I ordered the Mussels(appetizer) as my meal way to many to eat and good flavor my husband had fish & chips which was excellent, but our service was very slow and not personal at all.
5	Food was amazingly well done and may just be the best Irish food in town. What really stands out is that it's surprising cheap for being on the strip. The beer selection is very big and very well priced----they even offer beers to go! The late night menu is good for after concerts plus they are usually playing live music themselves! Best joint for casual food and drinks before a concert at Mandalay
5	This place has awesome food and a great atmosphere!  So many choices on the menu, and each and every one I had was delicious.  I'm an out-of-towner or I'd still be sampling some more :-)  The fish & chips was flaky and tasty, the Dubliner (lamb) was medium rare just like I ordered, juicy and delightful with carmelized onions, rosemary and real Irish cheese, and the champ (Irish mashed potatoes with green onions) was a great side dish to go with it. Can't wait to go back and try the chicken curry, shepherd's pie, smoked salmon appetizer (potato cakes are yummy!) and the beef and Guiness stew. It's the kind of place you wish you had 4 stomachs!!! The staff was charming and engaging, and it was fun comparing how the Ireland I visited 20 years ago has changed . . . and thankfully some of the ways it hasn't :-)The pub is divided into unique sections, and you really ought to see them all ~ what a feast for the eyes, all that beautiful wood, the exquisite carved bars, memorobelia true to the time on the walls, and knowing that it all was rescued/reclaimed from Ireland really means a lot to me. For those who want a tad more quiet (but who wants quiet when the band's getting your feet moving), there's a couple of lovely side rooms, one in rich theater theme, the other like a cozy family room in the 70s.  Even if you're not Irish, you've gotta check it out ~ it's a not to be missed experience for sure!
2	My wife and I decided to try this place after reading several positive reviews on yelp. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon just in time to catch the last part of the morning football games, and I was happy there were plenty of televisions throughout the restaurant. Although the atmosphere was fun and inviting, the food was not very good.My wife and I opted to go with their special of the day- a shepherd's pie that featured prime rib pieces throughout and a gravy made with Guinness beer. Sounds good -right?  Who doesn't like prime rib and beer? Um, no. We were served a bowl of slop with a bite or two of prime rib fat. Gross! The meal wasn't good, and the fake accents were worse. Seriously? I would comeback to this place for beer and football. However, I'll make sure I eat somewhere else first.
4	Excellent Irish Eggs Benedict!  They used a potato cake instead of an English muffin that was amazing. Great Bloody Mary and pressed coffee too. Our waitress even had an Irish accent.
5	One of our favorite restaurants. Surprisingly good. We had the Guinness beef stew and smoked salmon BLT. We went back one more time before we left. We had fish and chips, Reuben, and Guinness sundae. Food was very good. Prices were reasonable. We will definitely come again in the next trip.
3	The atmosphere was cramped but cozy for a pub setting. The staff was kind of oblivous. I had to flag people down to help me, and I was sitting at the bar. That being said, the customer service could not kill this place getting a 4 star review because of the food. Yum diggity, that Guiness Beef Stew is to DIE for. It's perfectly seasoned, and the mashed potatoes placed on top were fanfreakingtastic. If I'd found this place my first night on the strip, I'd have been back every day.
5	We absolutely loved this place! I wish we had one just like it in San Diego! The fish and chips were so amazing. The Guinness was also amazing! The staff was wonderful, nice, fast and very Irish! The Pub was so cute! Its around Christmas time so they have a Christmas tree and decorated so perfectly. Different rooms for however your feeling....more intimate feeling, bar type feel, or just there for food. I hope to go back a few more times before we leave! If your in the area I highly recommend this place!
5	sat at the bar, had the shepards pie and my friend had a burger and fries.  both were amazing.  highly recommend the shepards pie!
5	All I have to say is fish and chips done the right way, great beer from every where, and good local deals. Enough said
4	Great beer selection! The pub food is good but simple. Loved the Red Fox porter!
2	Very loud sound system. You can't talk to friends even if you're in the back room. We may have ordered badly but the Ceasar salad had tasteless dressing ( although the lettuce was crisp and the croutons were yummy). Crab cakes were not very good, but shame one me for ordering them in an Irish pub. Food going to other tables looked really good. Service ok not stellar.
5	Great staff amazing food and local specials every Friday. The live Irish music is something that will bring ya straight to Ireland. The best Irish pub in Vegas in my personal opinion and a perfect stop on any Irishman/Irishwoman's trip to Las Vegas.
4	With our friends visiting from Philly, we went to RiRa on a Friday night, when a great deal for locals - 40% off food - is offered.  One thing I love about Irish pubs is the decor - all dark wood and atmosphere.  I wasn't sure that an Irish pub at Mandalay Place would be authentic, but RiRa sure was: raucously loud, friendly, and, and hopping.Our choice was to wait for a booth or try to have four of us eat at one of the tiny, high center pub tables with backless stools.  Luckily, a booth opened up not long after we tried to settle in at the pub table, and we changed over to a much more comfortable spot.  The waiter was great, despite the crowd and having to shout over the music that was way too loud. We started with Irish potato cakes, delicious with the addition of a balsamic glaze. Two of us ordered the pork loin special, which differed a bit from the regular one on the menu, and it was terrific.  Hubby had the Guinness Beef Stew, which he loved, and one friend, looking at the Reuben sandwich at the next table, decided to go with the Corned Beef and Cabbage.  I tasted it and found it very bland.  IMO, when it comes to corned beef, there's only one kind of place to get it, and an Irish pub doesn't cut it for me.We almost never order dessert, but since our friends always do, we didn't want to watch them and drool, so we did, too.  They got the blueberry crumble, which we would have gotten too, except it had an oat crumb topping.  I sowed my wild oats years ago, so we passed on that and went with the Kerry Apple Cake.  The apple cake turned out to sound better than it tasted, so I guess we should have gone blueberry.  I also ordered coffee.  They serve it in a French press, but the small one I ordered turned out to give me half a cup of coffee.  For me, an 80-oz a day coffee junkie, this was unacceptable!  The waiter, sweetheart that he was, brought me a gigantic French press, which the menu said serves 3-4, and it was just perfect!Okay, so the music was too loud, and wasn't exactly my idea of Irish music - no "Danny Boy" was to be heard, mostly pop with an Irish flair.  The restaurant was loud even without the music.  It was crowded.  But I loved it!!
4	I came here on whim and was pleasantly surprised. They even have a locals day for 40% off on Fridays ( I really need to find my ID the next time I am in town) I had the Beef stew which has really good but the fries(chips) were excellent with a great curry sauce but an even better Malt vinegar mayo.. I had a dark and stormy here and a Tom Collins and both were very poor. SO, if you are coming eat hearty and drink beer.
3	The food was enjoyable for everyone in our party with the exception of the vegetable platter which tasted like unseasoned microwavable veggies. The thing that really bothered us though was when the tab came out with a $7 charge for the entertainment who didn't even start playing until after we left. The manager said we still had to pay it which left a foul taste for us on this restaurant!
2	Come for the beer, not for the food.
4	Got my new profile pic of Ron Jeremy and me here. He was a great sport posing for photos with a bunch of his fans (well, maybe not exactly fans, but he IS a legend). Mr Jeremy, I apologize if there's some legal issue with me using your photograph on Yelp. You can have all of the royalties that I get from my Yelp reviews.Dinner was good. I had the Irish mac and cheese. Not bad. Service was fine too, but we did have to wait a while for the check.
5	Simply, a great Irish pub.  Let's go down the list of what makes a pub comfy and Irish:- Well-stocked whiskey list -- Check. (carrying the spectrum from Powers to smoky 30 yr scotches)- Several Irish beers on draft -- Check. (Harp, Kilkenny, Guinness, Smithwick's, Murphy's and more in bottles -- throw in some craft American beers in the mix as well for the win)- Long hardwood bar -- Check.(a bar patron needs some polished heft under the elbow at an Irish pub to sit for awhile)- Live Irish music -- Check.(consistently hosting excellent bands with a fiddle and a crooner singing out Irish ballads.  Other folks have suggested the music can be a little loud, but the bar is laid out with various rooms, so there's plenty of nooks to sit in and chat while the music is in the background)- Televisions with rugby, soccer and hurling -- Check.(Irishmen need their sports on a green pitch)- Fried foods and classic pub fare -- Check.(Their fish and chips is perfect and massive.  Thick cut fries and a whole cod battered and fried -- so much fish that you may need to split it)Beyond that, it's comfy.  It's welcoming.  The bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly.  And for the locals, they offer a 40% off food special on Fridays.It's on the strip (in Mandalay Place), so not the easiest "neighborhood pub" to wander into without planning to be there, but it's just a great hangout.I award a tie for best Irish Pub in Vegas to McMullan's Irish Pub and Ri Ra.
4	Yay for fatty foods! haha. We had the Corned Beef Brisket Reuben and the Fish and Chips. Oh boy there was a lot of corned beef in that reuben! My husband and friend were all over that while I enjoyed the deep fried goodness of fish and fries with tartar sauce, yum. It's rare that I eat a plate full of deep fried foods, but I sure did enjoy it =)
5	One of the best meals I've had in Vegas.  Adequate service, great food.  The boxty and shepherd's pie were both wonderful.  Ri Ra will be a staple in my Vegastions in the future.
3	Stopped in for a few pints while checking out the sights.  Host was a little rude as he directed us past the front bar which was closed while the back bar was pretty crowded.  Standing room only back there so we only stayed for one pint and left.  Looks like a great place but the first impression wasn't the best. Great selection of Irish brews and liquor.  Great decor too.  May give it another shot when back in town again.
1	This place was horrible. We came in a large group and the food quality was pretty bad and was not cooked properly. We started with a few appetizers, pub wings, mac and cheese (entree but ordered for the table), tenders and potato cakes. Out of everything so far the mac and cheese was the best. Four of the nine ordered the porterhouse steak medium rare. When they all came out they were medium well to well done, completely dry, and no flavor at all. The few people that ordered fish and chips said it was good but I wasn't able to try. The desserts were pretty bad as well. The brownie sundae was burnt when it was microwaved and hard. The guiness cake was decent. If we didn't have show plans for the night we would have went to lawrys instead, but now we know to never come back.
4	So I have been here so much and never written a review. Since I have been the "Duchess" for a while I decided to do so. First of all most of the bartenders are very friendly. Susan and Junior are amazing!!  The food is really good. I tend to stay away from any fish dish unless it's the fish and chips. Every fish dish I have tried otherwise was way overcooked.  They do have the best fish and chips I have had outside of Ireland! Some of their prices I think are a bit steep for what it is but the fish and chips are definitely worth it! My husband is from Dublin and they also have the best Irish breakfast in the city! Their pub fries with malt mayo are so good. The seafood chowder (one of their soup of the day) is really tasty. As a matter of fact I have never had a bad bowl of soup there.  Their chicken finger are actually really good and I usually don't go for chicken fingers. Their wings are just OK to me. I also have tried the Guinness Stew and that was pretty yummy. My favorite sandwich is their Kilcolly, turkey, cranberry mayo, apple and some kind of cheese, delicious!!The atmosphere is fun and I enjoy their happy hour, but just so you know it's only food on happy hour 1/2 off apps. Get the smokes salmon platter, my husband orders 2!! I do believe on Friday nights locals get 20% off. They have a nice selection of beer and a great whiskey list. Ask to look at it, it's nice to look through. I'll probably lose my Duchess status soon since I have been trying to frequent other places. Oh well I have reigned long enough!
5	I walked into this place feeling somewhat anxious, a lot tired, and slightly out of my depth. First time in Vegas, what can I say?I left feeling full, content, replete, and well-rested. If that isn't a successful meal, I don't know what is.I've been to a fair few "Irish pubs" before. I put that in quotes because usually, the most Irish thing about them is maybe their name, and the fact that they have Guinness and Harp on draft. Not so, here! From the genuine warmth and hospitality the servers show, to the deliciousness of the pub grub, to the really decent drinks -- I was really, really pleased. Foodwise, I had the Dubliner Burger and a side of chips with Irish curry sauce. That lamb burger...oh man, I hadn't expected to find something that good as my first meal. I hadn't. Yeah, I was crazy hungry, but I don't think it was just the hunger talking. That was a seriously tasty burger. As for the curry sauce...I'm a big curry fan in general. I love all different types of curry, including those milder ones that hail from the UK. There's a place for them all, I say. Especially on chips, and in the mayo on my Dubliner Burger. The live music was excellent, too. I would have stayed longer if I didn't have plans.
5	This place is amazing! The first thing that happens is you fall in love with the staff. An hour in, talking with Ed who, when he's not working is likely to be found on the other side of the bar because they're like family, and I'm thinking "I'd fight next to this guy." The decor, the atmosphere, and the list of whiskeys are all sights to behold. The food I miss greatly, as I lie on my bed typing this. The bulk of the staff come in on work visas directly from Ireland to enhance the experience, and how effective that is!I cannot wait to go back!
4	Today was my third visit to this lovely Irish Pub and I'm awarding it four stars based on comparison of other Irish spots in the valley. It's beautiful, it feels "authentic," and I haven't had a bad dish. Plus, most of the staff is actually from Ireland and are all really friendly! I've tried a few dishes since each visit was with a large group and allowed for a greater variety of samplings. During this visit, I ordered the "IRISH POTATO CAKES" again and it was good. It had a mashed potato consistency with a nice crust and tasty seasoning. Great contrast between the sour cream-like sauce and balsamic reduction drizzle. I also ordered the "UNIQUELY VEGGIE" burger (housemade white bean patty, crumbled goat cheese, sun dried tomato pesto, cucumber, caramelized onions on toasted wheat) with a side of housemade chips. The patty was really great and everything came together well. The goat cheese was a tad too much, but that's just the nature of the cheese. It also needed a little more flavor or just salt, which is a simple fix.Their bar is wonderful too. I ordered a Jameson + Ginger and it had a generous serving of Jameson, plus delicious. Ruben enjoyed a Guiness Foreign Extra Stout (very cool Guiness store next door!).
5	I was traveling for work and have always had a thing for irish bars making it a point to visit when possibleI visited this place twice on my trip and was extremely happy both times A larger very irish themed space (with several real irish accents!) live music and several full bars.I had prompt service getting seated immediately (table and booth) great service my glass was never empty. Also an amazing scotch list (you must ask for it but they have good descriptions) The fish and chips were great (and LARGE) their scotch eggs and sweet potato tots were awesome as well (first time I had seen them in tots form) overall cooked to perfection and about as non greasy as this sort of food gets and done perfectly (one of the first times scotch eggs did not just fall apart when I cut them)Will attend again!
4	pretty good food but they were out of everything I ordered : ( from the wine I wanted to the entree.  The service was outstanding!! cannot emphasize that enough. I am a stickler for service and they knocked it out of the park!  Very unique menu, a great place to try some new flavors.
5	Fitzy is a most warm and friendly Bartender here who loves his job. Yummers on the vegie  cumin soup .  Creamy with a touch of spice ..I sat at the bar , what a great atmosphere especially for the lone diner. Guinness  Beef stew with mashed so tender .. do go for this Irish pub when in Vegas. I'll definitely be back and will bring friends.
4	Had lunch at Ri Ra on a Monday afternoon for a quick stop in, this is located in the Shoppes at Mandalay Place, between Luxor and MBay.We both had the lunch specials, Guinness stew, Shepherd's Pie, side salads, soda bread and drinks.  The servers and bartender were very helpful and nice, even though the place was busy.  If you have a chance, sit at the bar and have lunch or dinner, you can people watch or enjoy the atmosphere.  They do have drink specials as well and the bartenders I believe are all from Ireland.The Guinness store next to it has a lot of branded items that are cool to see too.I will plan to visit again, hopefully for dinner, overall the food was very good.
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I KNOW MY IRISH BARS AND FOOD. I was born and raised in that magical country and I frequently return for lengthy visits. Ireland is my favorite place in the world. And now, Ri Ra is my favorite Irish pub in the world that exists outside of Ireland. It is authentic and decorated perfectly. The rich, dark wood and the paintings and the lighting and even the Irish accents of some of the servers could not be more perfect. Walking into Ri Ra is like walking into one of the local Temple Bar watering holes in Dublin. Ri Ra has an absolutely astounding selection of beer and cider - the best of what Ireland and England have to offer and in my opinion, more of a selection than any other Irish pub in town. (HELLO! MAGNERS/BULMERS ON DRAFT!!!) Also, they've got a great whiskey list and flight samples that rival even the Freakin Frog's attic! We ordered the fish and chips to share and the sausage rolls as an appetizer. Sausage rolls are one of my favorite comfort foods, so I was really hoping Ri Ra came through with this one. And, THEY DID. The sausage rolls were perfect and tasty and crunchy yet soft - probably the best I have ever had. When our fish and chips came out, I knew I was in love before I even took the first bite because I could tell that these were freshly cut potatoes and a really great cut of fish - HUGE too. Without a doubt in my mind, Ri Ra has the best fish and chips in Vegas - definitely the best I have had outside of Ireland. They've also got a pretty awesome "late night chipper" menu that I can't wait to check out. If you visit the bar for a drink, they've got all the bar snacks you'd find in Ireland - Tayto or King crisps, chocolate, etc. You name it! This place is amazing. Although it might be a bit pricey, you get what you pay for in terms of quality and service! If this bar was closer to my house and not located on the strip, I'd probably never leave.
5	great service, fun late night place to grab a bite of authentic irish foodthe prices are really good, especially for the size and deliciousness of the food you get.definitely not a bad place to swing by in Vegas!try the guinness stew!
4	This is a beautifully crafted bar.  That much I cannot deny.  The moment you walk in, the immense wood filled bar strikes your vision - statutes, old pictures, and that fabulous old wood imported from Green Ireland.  Its undeniable pretty.  And the fact that you can also order decent food, and a good beer - simply adds to the grandeur.Our server seemed to be from Ireland.  Or at least had a plenty good fake accent.  Either way, they score cool points for that.It's a large place, with many rooms tucked inside the long rectangular design.  It seems like it would be a great place to hang out for a night with a large group, or to catch some rugby games.Las Vegas is anything but Ireland.  It's anything from green, and anything from old like the motherland.  But at Ri Ra, for a moment, if you pretend and you've ordered enough glasses, you just might feel like you're there.  Or almost.  And that's enough.
5	Love this place.  I ate here one night when most restaurants were already closed except for the nasty cafe places at the hotels.  I was pleasantly surprised by the back area with the small stage and beautiful murals on the wall.  The waiter and the hostess had thick Irish accents which to me were a good sign that the food is pretty authentic (unless they were faking it).  Service was very friendly... food and drinks were great... ambiance was terrific... can't ask for anything more.
4	In terms of food, I think Ri Ra is definitely a 4/5. The Irish potato cakes are delicious - I highly recommend these as an appetizer. The potato cakes themselves are light and fluffy, and the accompanying sauces are so flavorful.The Guinness BBQ burger is really good. It has a great smoky flavor and the sauce is great. The chicken curry is really good. It isn't too spicy, but it has a nice flavor.The staff is really friendly, and the restaurant is really nice and relaxed. I just think that the prices, even for Vegas, are a little high. For this reason alone I might skip Ri Ra in the future and spend the same amount of money at a place that I feel has better food for the same price.Overall, good food, nice staff, and fun restaurant, if not a little overpriced.
2	An unannounced "live music" charge added to our bill? Really, Ri Ra?? Is this even legal to tag this fee onto a bill with no fore-warning? This seemed a little shady...
5	It is nearly impossible to explain what makes this place so fantastic.  The food is great.  The service is spectacular.  You just need to be there and feel how welcoming, warm, and inviting the staff treats every guest.  Family friendly and the best pint around!  Can't be beat.
5	On top of good beer, my bf and I really liked the food. The prawn appetizer was fresh and flavorful, my Guinness stew was excellent, and my bf said the fish and chips was very authentic. Real piece of fresh breaded fish. Very relaxing atmosphere, and the service was great. Would definitely come back.
3	We only ordered off the bar menu because it was late.It's ok bar food. Fish and chips were mehh. Kebob was mehh. But the reuben I thought was really good. They use real corned beef, not the stuff you'd get sliced at the deli.
5	Best Irish pub in town!!!If you're looking for an authentic Irish pub, look no further. Everything from this bar has been shipped from Ireland, reconstructing the true essence of what a pub really stands for. Authentic pubs are hard to come by in Vegas, this pub is worth a trip to the strip if you're a local. It definitely transports you back to Ireland.
5	Oh my, oh my.  Delicious 21 year old Bushmills is just the beginning of this foray into this authentic Irish Pub (located in Mandalay Place, which is the only drawback, since you have to brave the LV Strip to go there).  My wife and I chose seats at the authentic wooden bar and she had Stella and I had a perfectly poured Guiness from bartender and Irishman "Junior".  Everyone was friendly and Irish in this joint, and the smell of the food was mouth watering.  I had the Lamb/Rosemary burger and by-gum it was one of the tastiest burgers EVER.  Lei enjoyed the fish and chips which were hands down the best I have EVER had.  The 21 year old whisky was the icing on this beautiful cake and I will return there in the very near future.  Expensive and a bit touristy for my normal fare, but outstanding food and drink take up the slack.  Oh and it probably isn't very expensive if you skip the 21 year old booze ;)  5 Stars.
5	True Irish pub, love it. Espescially, the pub staff and guests with Irish accents and  the back TV room.
5	Everything here is Irish, including the staff. Best Irish pub I've found in Vegas, and will definitely be a regular stop for me. The Fish & Chips is delicious and the cider they serve here is AWESOME. If you're into ciders. If you're not into ciders you should be. Give it a shot.
4	Vegas baby! My friends were all raving about this place and what cracked me up is that when they took me there I realized this was my old sponsor bar from playing rugby back in Providence RI. I love the bar there so I was excited to go in Vegas. Food and service were fun and great although I was surprised at the pricing - but again, VEGAS! Duh. We had a blast with the live music later on and it ended up being a great night before our friends wedding.
3	I found this place between the Madalay Bay and Luxor hotels while looking for something good to eat for under $50.  The mall between the two resorts has several nice places like this. I found the service to be great. However, I was sitting at the bar. The bartender was very friendly and welcoming and came with an Irish accent to go with the Irish bar.  He didn't give the feeling that he wished I would order drinks instead of food and also made recomendations. One of his recomendations was the fish and chips.  I figure that I can get that at home, but if a nice guy recomends it then it must be something they are proud of.  I ordered it. The fish was very good.  One very large piece of battered fish sitting on chips (french fries).  With some malt vinegar the fish was excellent. The chips were not.  They were soaked in grease from the fish and soggy.  Too bad really. I thought they were a victim of bad platting. I would definately go back.  Next time no fries and hoepfully I can raise the score.
4	Well if I am back in the neighborhood and looking for an Irish Pub, this will be the place to stop in!I didn't have a full meal, as I was meeting friends after I had already dined, but since it was a bar I figured I could partake in some of the other dishes.I started with a Smithwick's (Which the cool kids, I learned, pronounce as "Smiddick's") which I quite enjoyed.  Then moved on to a Irish Iceberg. I didn't really care for the Guinness + Milkshake + Caramel of the Irish Iceberg, but i didn't hate it. Then on to an Irish Coffee, served authentically in a glass, which was really good.  If that wasn't enough, I finished it off with a Guinness Sundae.  Mmm, Mmm! How is that for not eating a full meal?I would absolutely return!
3	The food is phenomenal, the service is horrendous.  We had some sort of cheese appetizer that was so amazing I could of ate it as my entree.  The lamb burger is incredible (if they put enough toppings on it) topped with goat cheese, curry and caramelized onions.  And the sweet potato tots are perfectly seasoned.  The first time I went I picked up the order to-go so I didn't have any issues.  I was so impressed by the food I recommended it to my colleagues and we went back later on in the week.  We waited almost twenty minutes to order and then another forty five minutes for our appetizer.  The manager came over and said sorry it took so long but we were still charged for it.  Then our food came out two minutes later.  Another forty minutes later when our check came it was completely wrong.  Twenty minutes later we got everything sorted out by the manager.  All he offered was an apology.  Needless to say no one was happy about being there for two hours for a burger.
3	My friend and I decided to have dinner here before seeing a show at HOB.  I don't know if it's just me but all of these Irish bars on the Strip are the same. They look the same, they have the same people working at them and the food quality is all average.  Nothing to write home about...maybe just a Tweet or heck, this review will do and then people will know.  Our waiter was a bit on the surly side.  Is that the Irish way?  The food:  I was going to order shepherds pie but instead of beef it was with lamb which I don't care for.  So I chose the beef stew and mash.  It was, well, a step above canned beef stew you can buy in the grocery store...but cost 15 bucks.  I had a black and tan to drink and they actually layered it correctly so that's a plus.  I can't say that I will go out of my way to come back here buy maybe use it as a back up if other places are too busy and I already happen to be at Mandalay Bay.
5	I can't say enough about Ri Ra. My dinner was amazing. The service was the best I've had in years. My waiter was so spot on the entire dinner with drinks, food, etc. If you want a great evening with possibly the best food and service in Las Vegas check out Ri Ra!
4	Ri Ra located inside Mandalay Place looks just like any store-front restaurant you'd find in a mall.  However walk-in and you will discover several rooms with Irish decor and you'll begin to see just how large this place really is!I was split between many items on the menu since they had simple food with little "twists" thrown in.  I decided on a meatloaf burger made with veal, topped with mashed potatoes, onion rings and a Guinness ketchup.  Before I get to the burger, we also split some potato cakes, very crispy on the outside with a balsamic dressing, but soft on the inside.The burger was different but very tasty packed with flavor (most likely to all the toppings going on!) and it left me very satisfied throughout the day.  Two other people at the table had a huge piece of fish and chips and I stole a bite or two of the soft cod.Overall I would come here again, especially on Friday's where locals get 40% off!  I am looking forward to trying all the other menu items (my own Fish & Chips, Guniess burger and Shepards Pie come to mind!)
5	I had my wedding reception there, and it was AMAZING! The staff was wonderful and the woman that helped with everything (her name was Paula) was so sweet and so beyond helpful! We had such a great experience. The food was delicious, I have absolutely no complaints! We couldn't ask for a better experience.
4	First the greatest thing about Ri Ra: they offer 40% off on food, every Friday, for locals. And you only need to show one local I.D., so its possible to take friends there with you. That being said, our first visit there as locals [we had stopped in for a drink once before, as visitors to Vegas] was a mixed experience. The atmosphere is quite pleasant, it feels like a real Irish pub once you get into it from the "mall" that houses it. Not surprising, since it was brought over from Ireland. And they play lovely Irish music, but when we went (early evening) it was at a level that still allowed us to talk. And our waitress, also an import from Ireland, couldn't have been nicer.My husband ordered the chicken curry, along with a flight of Irish beers. I had the fish and chips, along with an Irish hard cider. The beverages are filled all the way to the rims. They were at the temperature and level of carbonation (not overdone, on either) that we expect in a pub that knows its business. My husband loved his curry, and I thought the fish was the best I'd ever had: a huge moist filet with thin shattery crust. And the remoulade served with it was delicious...I'd put that on everything! The "chips" (fries) weren't as crispy as Americans are used to, but we've found that in many other countries they are used as a base for the main entree, not as a side. So that seemed authentic. Even the brown bread served with the meal was tasty...it reminded me of the brown bread my mom used to bake in cans, for Sunday evening dinners! (And served with real Irish butter.)Now, the reason I took off a star. The dessert was abysmal. They were out of creme brulee (not Irish, but pretty ubiquitous in Vegas). So we ordered the special: strawberry trifle. What we were expecting was the standard trifle in a glass bowl, with liquor-infused cake, custard/pudding, and berries layered, with whipped cream on top. What we got was a couple slices of store-bought pound cake on a plate, each topped with one sliced strawberry, which were almost inedible because they were under-ripe and not sweetened. And a small dollop of whipped cream.Don't know if they didn't have the "real" trifle prepped, and just hurried to make up a substitute; or if this pub which tries to be authentic in most other ways just doesn't know what a real trifle is. Whatever...it left us with a bad ending. Like any Vegas dining/drinking spot, you never know who or what is going to sashay through the door, so its a great place to people watch. Just go someplace else to get dessert.
4	I've been to several Ri Ra's all over the country. It's a good spot for solid food and good Guiness. Most of the other locations have nicer ambiance, but similarly good Irish food. I've had several things here, but I normally gravitate towards the fish and chips. I had them at this location and they were spot on. The Guiness is decent, but not quite as good as it could be, hence I'm deducting one star.The prices are reasonable, but still a bit expensive due to the location. This venue is in the mall connected to the Mandalay Bay.
5	Repeat visit to this fine  Irish Pub in the shops at Mandalay Bay. Must have fish-n chips and sheperds pie!  I shared both when I went.. great beers and irish whiskey . Bands are hit  and  miss.. last trip I loved the band .. this time not so much.. but hey good times were had.  Nice to repeat a visit here and get the same great food and atmosphere!
4	OMg, LIVE MUSIC!That is the reason I come here, the quality of the live music is great.  The person who books the talent knows their stuff.  It is always Irish themed music, but not just traditional jigs & what not.  The first time I came here, The Blaggards were doing some traditional song.  I took a quick break.  When I came back, they were doing Psycho Killer by the Talking Heads!  I haven't heard that in a while & was stoked!Most of the bands will do Irish folk, country, & some Irish based rock bands like U2, the Pogues, Dropkick Murphys, etc.Drink prices, specifically beer & cider are actually good for a joint in the Mandalay.  They'll have a cocktail of the month. This month is a Blackberry Mojito (for May).  It is meh, but, I am not a huge mojito fan.  I've done an Irish Whiskey flight and that was great & cheap.  $12 for 4 2oz shots of increasing quality.  I've had some food.  For sure, their Irish Curry is great with chips (fries).  I would love to come for dinner, but I seem to only make it here on Tuesday nights.The  service is friendly & fast, the ambiance is great with a private bar/room to the left of the stage & dining behind the bar/stage area.  If you need a more quiet spot, sit near the storefront & the sound isn't loud, in my opinion.Soon, I may have a teacher for Irish jigs, & step dancing.  That'll be a sight, a 6'1" Flip, wearing a tie dyed v-neck, step dancing to Seven Drunken Nights!
5	I don't expect much from mid-priced restaurants in casinos.  They're usually designed as restaurant fillers to offer enough variety to keep patrons from visiting other casinos.  But Ri Ra stands out, so much that my friend and I ate here twice during our 3-day stay.The classic Irish Pub, Ri Ra is outfitted with all the lacquered wood and trimmings you'd expect.  European football on the television, irish-speaking employees (most of whom have work visas) provide authenticity.  But the food is where it's at!   I was blown away by something as simple as a corned beef quesadilla, and I can still taste the classic Reuben with a little Colman's mustard smeared for good measure.If you want good, hearty Irish food, do yourself a favor and stop by Ri Ra next time you're at the Mandalay Bay.  I'd even consider taking a cab from another casino for that quesadilla!
5	The fish and chips they show on the pic on the table is actually what they give you!  Fish was yumm-o ... More fish than batter which is always good and the fish tasted fresh.  And can't go wrong with lunch specials under $10 - soup+salad, sandwich+salad, sandwich+soup. Decent light lunch portions.  Def a better deal  than a ceasar or Cobb for $20+ a couple of restaurants down!  Good service too.  If I'm in the area, I'll be back.
2	Not impressed.  Convenient location.  Decent food.  Salad was good.  How hard can it be to make a black and tan that is black....  and tan?
5	They take 14 days to brine their corned beef. Enuff said....Oh, okay, here's some more:1. Friend had the fish and chips but said they weren't memorable enough to rave about them.2. Though friend did have the Snake Bite and said it was 'awesome!'3. But we both agree that the corned beef alone warrants a return visit.4. And the waitresses are Irish! Love their accents!
4	Was wondering around Mandalay Bay and looking for a place that serves food past midnight, full menu was not served, but we got the Ruben and also the chicken wings from their late night special menu, the food was tasty, the atmosphere was nice. Hey, and our server was Irish, how authentic is that?  :-)
4	The food is ok- pretty much what you'd expect from a pub in Ireland- not super flavorful, but very filling. I had the potato&leek soup and the chop salad. My mom got the fish and chips, which she said was delicious. The real reason to go here is the bar. There is a regular full bar, PLUS a special Whiskey bar. Also, this place had the largest cider selection I've ever seen. Lots of giant flat screens made this a great place to watch the playoffs. Get out of the casino and go here.
4	Had the corned beef and the fish and chips.  Both were very good especially the fish and chips.  The fish was fresh and the batter was light...Just the way I like it.  This place has plenty of good beers on tap and a huge beer bottle selection.  Service was excellent and very friendly.  I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Excellent fish and chips and goat cheese salad.  Kids loved their food as well.   I kept my kids up late for dinner and they LOVED the Irish band.
5	I had a good time when I ate at Ri Ra. We got there a little early for the live entertainment unfortunately, so I turned my attention to their excellent beer list. I started off with a reasonably priced beer sampler, and fell in love with the Harp. For dinner, I ordered the Guinness Stew, and it was fantastic. My girlfriend ordered some kind of fish, which she enjoyed (although the portion was way too large for her to finish). Our server was a friendly Irish woman.
4	Great place to go have a nice dinner in a casual atmosphere! It's great that all the servers have genuine Irish accents. I learned that they actually have then come over and work on visas from Ireland.
3	There ended up being a long wait due to a convention in town and game on tv that just never seemed to end. But once we were seated we had a good service by our first waitress. She was very on top of it and got our orders in quickly. When her shift ended she introduced us to our new waiter. He seemed friendly but our service dropped off tremendously with the switch. When we were done and asked for the check it was probably 10 minutes before he brought it and and 20 minutes till he finally cashed us out and brought it back to us. We had split the check (3 ways) there were some errors but since he was so slow we settled the difference between ourselves. The upside is my glass had a crack in it which I hadn't noticed till near the end, when  a different server noticed it she came over and asked if it was cracked, then took it away and brought me a brand new drink!
5	Perfectly awesome Irish pub in one of the ubiquitous indoor casino malls that seem to connect most of Vegas these days.  I'm afraid we didn't eat here, but the drinks were exceptional and the service was fun and fast.  We were there during a slow period between lunch and dinner, and the the bartenders were conversational and friendly.  The pub is beautiful; completely finished out with accommodations for live music.  Of course, my wife was stuck in permanent eye-roll as there was an entire store dedicated to my favorite beer next door; loaded up on Guinness paraphernalia after our drinks.
4	Food is tasty.  Come prepared to wait.  Not a quick eat and get out....our waitress, Laura, was very good....friendly and attentive.  I enjoyed my meal...Guinness stew...the soda bread is delish!
5	We went in on a Saturday night around 5 and the wait was maybe 5 minutes.  They are all Irish so I had no reservations with having a Guinness that wasn't poured wrong.  Hubby had Shepherd's Pie- because who can pass up a traditional?, and I had the center cut pork loin... Both were great :)  Filling enough that no dessert was needed, wouldn't have been able to!
5	This place was fantastic! Authentic, non smokey, and the food is stellar. The service was very nice and quick. I have tried many different restaurants for good fish and chips, this was honestly the best. If you're in Vegas this is an outstanding place to go for lunch.
4	Great spot for a pint and dinner. The staff is cool and he food was great. Had the Killkooly sandwich-Aces!!
1	The atmosphere was great - went for dinner before concert @ Mandalay but the bartender was slow - took 15 minutes to get a martini! & inconsistent - 2nd martini was terrible. The food was awful as well - everything we ordered was over-cooked - halibut was dry, risotto was like big ball of dough & "chips" (fish & chips) were soggy.
4	I've been here twice now and both times, it's been very good.  I had the Irish breakfast the first time, which was insanely good!  If you love your sausage, then go for it.  You will not be disappointed.  This last time, I had the fish and chips.  The fish was great but the chips were on the soggy side.  And, while they poured the PERFECT pint of Guiness they seem a bit inconsistent with their other drinks.  My friend ordered a cocktail that was very red the first time, but on her second one, it was barely red at all (more booze in the second one, she said)  Our waiter was great (as was our waitress the first visit) and everyone working there seems to enjoy themselves.  the interior is very cool, too.  Definielty worth a visit if pubs are your thing.
5	We had a group of about 15-20 of us, that didn't want to pay on all one bill.  They accommodated that, with no problem. If that doesn't earn five stars alone, then I don't get this Yelp thing at all. For Las Vegas locals on Friday night you get a 30% discount.  Seriously.  ON A FRIDAY NIGHT. Now the food.  They use rashers. They use Irish Cheddar.  They use Guiness.  I always find the meat to be really good and the side dishes to be fabulous.
5	The food was great, the beer was fantastic, but the service was EXCELLENT!  Ita took extra special care of my 3-year-old son, and he keeps exclaiming how much he wants to go back. All of the employees that we came in contact with were actually from Ireland, which gives this restaurant a special little bonus. Make sure to buy some of the Irish chocolate bars behind the bar. They are the best I have had since being in Ireland myself.
4	Great fish n chips.  Very loud atmosphere.  Great bang for the buck for Vegas.  Great portion size.
2	Party of three. Ordered the Guiness stew, shepherds pie, and corned beef. It wasn't bad but also not great. Pretty much like a meal you would cook for yourself at home: good, but not worth $70.
3	We thought we would try this place for the first time.  I think it would have been fun to come during a live game.  Service was good and they have a large beer list.   To start I tried the potato leek soup which I did enjoy.  For my entree I tried the halibut.  It was decent.  I wasn't a fan of the risotto that came with it.  My son had the macaroni and cheese.  I would recommend it.  The potato cakes were so so.  It was a little high priced for the level of food.  One little thing that would make an improvement is cloth napkins.  The napkins were paper.   For the price of the entrees the restaurant should opt for the cloth.
5	I waited until my 2nd visit to review. This is one fun and fantastic pub to check out in LV. The Guinness Stew, Sausage Roll and the Baked Goat Cheese are to die for...not to mention great beers!  The servers are excellent as well. We will return again for sure!
4	The duo of live entertainment in the evenings here is hysterical.  Two guys playing funny songs really gets the crowd involved.  Downside : no prices listed on the drink menu .... overall a fun time.
3	This place is OK, we came here to have dinner and were given a table just by the entrance. This corner was more quiet than the rest of the place, and we couldn't see the live act that was playing, which we really didn't mind, because we could hear them in the background and that was more than enough... The singer was shouting out his songs and beating up his poor guitar in a very tiresome way. Apart from this we felt somewhat unattached in our corner.The personnel were very nice and helpful, giving quick and good service. The dinner was also tasteful and good. I had The Kilcooly and I really liked it!A strange thing, after eating we asked for toothpicks and the answer was:- I know this sounds crazy, but we don't have it...3 stars from me this time, because 4 is too much after this visit, but I wouldn't be surprised if we get a 4 star experience if we go there again, the potential is certainly there.
3	It's so weird that I always travel the corridor between Luxor and Mandalay and I've never been here before this last visit. So the place itself is kinda cool. The live music is a bit loud if you're in the main area (not really suitable for talking), but the back room is quieter. The food is decent. Nothing to rave about, but the portions are good and prices are affordable (which is a big deal in Vegas). Just be aware that they charge a live entertainment tax, which I didn't know - so the bill goes up unexpectedly.
2	The boyfriend and I came here this past weekend looking for a late/early am dinner. They have a different late night menu, and this review speaks only for that:We sat down in the front to avoid the sad Irish band playing in the back, and had to go to the bar to request table service. We were starving so we ordered the curry and chips to start, both of which I believe may have been microwaved, but decent enough for me to eat in my ravenous state. For entrees I ordered the Reuben, which was yummy, but came with sad chips, and my boyfriend ordered the burger - it was PATHETIC! I have not seen a burger this sad since I left elementary school, a lukewarm brown patty sitting between two pieces of dry bread. My poor, hungry, boyfriend didn't eat it, and we left. Also I ordered a Guinness and Smithwicks, and the waitress brought me one of each. When I acted surprised to have gotten two beers, she told me I should have ordered a "blacksmith," and walked away, mind you I never saw a drink menu. Weird. I drank both. YUM.This place gets one star for Guinness and Smithwicks on tap, and one star for the reuben. But, I don't recommend going here for a late night meal, you will be disappointed.
4	Bellissimo pub irlandese con musica dal vivo, accoglientissimo e tranquillo. Steak superlative. Prezzi medio-alti.
4	Great friendly service, good food (had the eggs Benedict made with potato cakes instead of English muffins).  Many, many beers on tap.And open early on a holiday in Vegas :)
5	My new favorite place in Vegas!  Was in town for my friend's 40th.  We aren't into going to "da club"...so this was a great alternative...BEAUTIFUL interior, great beer, but also has a full bar.  They have super friendly bartenders.  We can back later as they said they had music, and music they did!!  Live music that was current and fun!  All and all, we had a blast...it was about the people and the atmosphere.  We didn't eat, so can't comment on the food, but it looked tasty!  Next time I stay at Mandalay, I'll definitely be back!
4	I know Ri Ra is a chain.. But it really doesn't feel like it here.Atmosphere:I love all the little rooms here and different types of tables. It really does allow for the feel of an old Irish pub.Food:I love wings- and these ones were good. We had the honey BBQ which had just enough sweetness to be delicious. We also had the sausage pastry rolls-- how have I never tried these before? It's like beef Wellington but with sausage and extra phyllo dough. Just delicious. I'm proud of us we restrained from ordering round two of them.Drinks:Typical beer and wine fare.. And seem to have some happy hour specials that vary by day.
5	We love Ri Ra. Love, love LOVE Ri Ra. We've gone to Ri Ra several times. I love their locals special on Friday's - 50% off your meal for locals on Friday's. Yes please! Get the rewards card - worth the 3 minutes it takes to fill it out and you get discounts, complimentary food, etc in the future.We just happened to walk by and see that Derek Warfield from Derek Warfield and the Young Wolftones was the live music that night. Of course, we jump into the pub and sit at the packed bar. Hubby bought several pints of perfectly poured Guinness, a couple which had the four leaf clover design on top, and I had a couple pints of cider. The special that night was mussels in a whiskey sauce. Let me tell you. I had just gotten back from RI and had fresh mussels and these mussels at Ri Ra were equally as fresh, and that whiskey sauce is what dreams are made of. Perfection.The night was perfect, and it helped that a huge group of Star Wars convention-goers from the UK who were mildly intoxicated showed up and danced the night away with the rest of us.We always go to Ri Ra for breakfast. At first their menu was smaller, but it didn't matter because everything was scrumptious. My hubby loves the full Irish breakfast complete with rashers and black and white pudding. I love their Classic American or the Kilcullen Omelete. Every tastes as traditional as it gets in the U.S., and it helps that they made the bar in Ireland and transferred all of it to Vegas.I'll be honest, I've had food here that was okay and nothing exciting, but for the most part the food is great and the entertainment, especially when its a live band on a weekend night, is perfect for a night at the pub.
5	Great Place, everything is good and the service is real.  A place I will come back to.
3	In laws loved the atmosphere, food and Guinness. Hubby and I thought the food (meatloaf burger and turkey sandwich) were average. Hubby was unimpressed with the length of time he had an empty glass in front of him. Oh and it was a 20 min wait for a seat at 7.30 and looked like there were still people waiting when we left at 9pm.
1	Watered down beer, horrible entertainment that's so loud you would think they are performing at a stadium, un-seasoned food, and to top things off, rude service.How do you get fish and chips wrong?  Order them here if you want to find out.
5	One of THE best places in Vegas.  My wife and I go to Vegas pretty often and this is one of our first stops.  Great food, outstanding service, good beer and banter.  Emma and Jr in particular are two wonderfully warm bar staff.  A must visit if you are on the Strip.
5	It's a pub so expect that and you'll be fine. The food was very good, the beer and cider was great, the service friendly and professional. The one thing that bumped this up from being just a very good pub to a place to go back to was something very simple: The bread. We ordered a loaf to go LOL. It's a big heavy chunk of dark soda bread (I think that's what it's called). Really liked that. My guess it could be pretty raucous but when we were there, the noise level was well within tolerable limits. We were a little cramped but like I said, this is a pub. Definitely enjoyed it. I'll be back.
4	Great irish staff and food.  We had the cod bacon wrap and  the guiness bbq burger
4	Love this place. Everyone that works there is from Ireland. Alan was our bartender and turned my girlfriend and I onto an irish Whiskey i had never had. This place is the best place to buy a Guinness because all the bartenders know how to clover the beer.
5	Our group had a mission to find a good place to eat at reasonable prices. Saw this on yelp and figured it was worth a try. Got here and was seated in their spacious back-room and had Junior (John Paul) as our server. Dude was cool took our orders and came back a few minutes later apologizing because they didn't have enough corned beef. He made some replacement suggestions and took care of the switch up as best he could. We ordered the corned beef and cabbage and the Guinness stew both very good and seasoned just right. Others got the fish and chips and curry (yes curry) and it was good! Service was excellent and Junior had a great sense of humor and made our dining experience very fun memorable. I'd definitely recommend this place it's really not what you would expect from a pub located in the Mandalay Shoppes but it has good live music and a great overall casual place to have a meal with friends. Food is pretty good I would give it 4 stars on the food but the experience from Junior made it a 5 overall in my book!
4	Excellent Fish & Chips. Fries was a little under cook for me. Very reasonable prices.  Live band at night. Many beers to choose from.
4	Excellent food and atmosphere. Servers are attentive and also very friendly. They have a lot of different rooms to sit in. We sat in the whiskey room which had a bunch of different Irish whiskey on display to choose from. Very authentic Irish pub, would definitely go back.
4	Hit this place late on a Wednesday night, after getting checked in at a local hotel a bit later than planned, and it was becoming apparent that our list of choices for anything other than "quick food" was rapidly dwindling. Luckily, their late night menu goes until 1am, and has a good number of "full dinner" choices on it.Being an Irish pub, I was expecting a few good draught beer, and a couple of good Irish whiskey and perhaps a few different scotches. However, this place has a fairly wide selection available, ranging from regular everyday stuff, to good outside of most people's repertoire brands, and on it to some good rare whiskey that some might kill to try (eg. Usually only available at large private dram club events - and the price tag of those is predictable, if not just a tad outrageous).As far as our food, it was a welcome late night meal. When asked about the prime rib, our server was honest, saying she didn't find it that special, but it was a popular selection. Overall, she was dead-on... while quite a generous cut at a reasonable price, it was a bit dry (or perhaps a little over the medium rare I selected), but the au jus helped make up for that issue (and really, at well after usual dinner hours, I am not going to complain, anyway - I was happy to not be settling for a simple burger some place).
5	We would give Ri Ra a million stars if we could! This review is for our wedding reception we held here for 150 guests. The moment we took a tour of Ri Ra we knew we wanted our reception here because the decor and vibe was what we'd been searching for. We quickly met with their staff who were extremely accommodating, welcoming and determined to make our vision come true. We live in California so we had to plan over emails and phone calls, but the managers made us feel 100% confident that our wedding would be what we wanted because they were sooo organized! They made us feel like it would be amazing, and it was!!! Throughout the planning process, we worked closely with Paula, the manager, who was extraordinary! She was well organized, enthusiastic, helpful, answered emails quickly and genuinely cared about all my questions. I actually felt relaxed because I knew the details were in good hands (which isn't easy for the bride!) During our reception, all the staff was attentive, no one waited for drinks, food was delicious (she even made sure our Vegan guests, kids, and dietary restrictions were taken care of!), and we had the most amazing time ever! We want to thank RiRa, Paula and Scott for all their time, hard work, and fantastic implementation skills that helped give us a memory we'll forever cherish!!!
5	Incredible Irish Pub! Great food and great atmosphere . Their Shepards Pie makes you feel you're in Ireland. Very nice place
5	Ed/Harvey made our visit simply enjoyable.  I really loved the Irish stew. I recommend it without hesitation.  The fish and chips are awesome and huge!  My companions recommended the mushy peas!
5	I had my wedding reception at a restaurant inside the Luxor. Ri Ra (inside Mandalay) is where we went for our post-reception after party. We explained to them that our reception location wouldn't let us have music or dancing, and Ri Ra graciously reserved the Parlour Room for us for free (on a Sunday night - probably a different story on a busier night, of course). After dinner, we came here and had a blast. The band played a song for us so we could have our first dance, and we drank Guinness and just hung out. Our photographer and videographer really liked the stylish settings, although the lighting was difficult. But overall, Ri Ra was a great place with great people. And great food - we came here on another visit to Vegas and had dinner. I LOVE the fish & chips. :-) We will definitely be visiting again.
4	Fun place good food ,good drinks, good service and a great value for the dollar. Ambiance is authentic Irish pub.  Fun people. Creative menu.
4	Great menu. Very nice staff. Authentic Irish music daily. A bit load in the stage area though. Excellent selection of beer.
1	We went to this place on a Friday night, yes it was late but the place was open and had a band, seemed to be busy but no overly busy. We were seated at a tiny table right behind the band, since it was so loud we asked to be moved to the back. The hostess grudgingly did that, she was not friendly at all and seemed put out. We waited 20 minutes and never got served, never even saw any wait staff. Really? Never go here again, in any city.
2	Whenever I see a couple of reviews with one star ratings I realize the the 4 and 5 star reviewers don't get out much. I did not review this place before eating there because I was invited as a guest. I am writing this review because it was that BAD. The waiter was obnoxious and blamed the slow food service on the kitchen and the slow drink service on the bar. One of the people at the table ordered Shepperd's Pie and when informed the had none he said I really wanted Shepperd's pie, the waiter said well I really want to be off right now so what. It was lunch time and it took 2 hours to get drinks and lunch. Plus the place was dead. I had the Reuben and was looking forward to a good one. This was absolutely the worst Reuben I have ever had. So, Poor Service, Poor Food, I would give this place a zero star if it was available.I want to update this review. I gave it one star originally and within 2 hours of posting my review the manager contacted me to ask who our server was and to apologize. This speaks volumes to caring about his business. So I am adding a star. I will return next year to take him up on his offer of seeing that my first experience was the exception not the rule. Being a business owner myself I realize that sometimes a rogue employee can ruin the customer experience and that it is not necessarily the rule of the business itself.
5	My husband and I don't gamble but went to Vegas to see a show, we were looking for a fun place and happened upon Ri Ra.  The hostess was extremely nice and as we were not able to find a visible seat at the bar pointed out the small and cozy back bar.  The service there was phenomenal, not once did they forget we were there.  I noticed a bottle on the bar back that said "Irish Honey."  Curiosity peaked as asked the bartender about it and he said that, "It is a simple Irish Whiskey."  That being said I had to try it, it was amazing and we were not disappointed in anything recommended during our visit.  We will now be making the trip to Vegas more often just to visit this pub.  (Previously we would visit every 2 - 3 years, we now plan 3 -4 times a year) Yes this place is that good.
5	Best food and service... I can't get over how amazing this place is! One of the freshest places we've eaten at! Nice dark atmosphere!
5	Back again recently and enjoyed my second visit here even more than the first.Service was generally great, chatty and friendly.  Prices weren't meteorically insane (on the whole) for a strip hotel and the space is a welcome respite from the bells, whistles and smoke of the casino floor.On this trip I sampled their fish and chips, and whoa, hold the press, gotta be one of the best I have tasted in America full stop.  The optional side dish of mushy peas is a must but is also "punch me in the face yes I am that dumb" expensive at $4.95.The beer/whiskey menu is extensive, I could sit hear all day and night sampling imported brews, many on tap too.  When I can leave a joint in Vegas, paying under $80 for two after a filling delicious meal and several mighty fine beverages, I always feel like I hit the progressive.
5	Still my top favorite place whenever I am in Vegas- down to earth with great food. Atmosphere, decor and entertainment. We ordered corned beef and the shepherds pie- superb!
3	This place looks small from the outside but it's actually kinda big. Has a sports bar feel, but has another section that is super cozy with a fireplace. I actually came here on Thanksgiving night. Had a lowkey excellent turkey dinner while watching football. It was a nice break from gambling. I'd come here again.
5	This was our 2nd trip to Vegas and our 1st to Ri Ra, I was kicking myself that I hadn't been here on our 1st trip.As we are both Irish normally our 1st port of call is to make sure there is an Irish Pub within walking distance of our hotel, we were lucky to have two, the Nine Fine Irishmen and Ri Ra but after having a fab Christmas dinner, creamy pints of guiness just like home and the only place in Vegas to serve Magners we soon made ourselves at home. We also had an Irish breakfast that couldn't be faulted along with Club Orange and Lemon, tayto & starbars, after being away from home travelling for the past 8 months this is the closest we have come to having a home cooked meal and having the Craic with bar staff just made us go back for more. Thanks Ri Ra for giving us a little bit of home in Vegas... We will most certainly be back and will send all the homestead we know your way. Cheers!
4	Had a blast super cool Irish bar. The food was really good too especially the fish and chips could easily eat two orders. There's also a super chill room attached that's 70s themed and has a private bar which is cool for hanging out. Great deals for locals highly recommend for a good time and cool atmosphere
5	Found out about this place through the Luxors TV casino channel. We got there around 2am and the food was great. My wife and comadre had a Irish Car Bomb and loved it. The atmosphere makes you feel like you're in a pub in Ireland. Overall great spot and the bartenders had good customer service. The prices were about average as anywhere else in Vegas.
5	Irish car bombs were perfect, customer service was great and delish food. I had the sausage roll and it rocked! The atmosphere here was awesome! Strongly recommend if you want good food and good drinks. Wished I could've order more food..lol.
4	I ordered the chicken cordon blu with mashers and green beans... I was very tired after working all day sat bar drank a few ciders chilled with an amazing couple from Scotland and listened to house band... I took my food to go and it was really good. If you are in the mood of good food at a reasonable price this is spot on... Yummy
5	Ri Ra is by far one of my favorite places on the strip! Not only is the atmosphere great but the food is even better! If you get the fish and chips prepare to take some of it home - it's massive! Everything I've tried is delish! If you like potatoe cakes, I'd say they have some of the best! With live music 7 nights a week and a different band in every week, you really can't go wrong if you're looking for a lively place with amazing food and great service!
4	Fun place for lunch, great place for dinner.  Hidden in the shops between Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  The atmosphere is energetic and service is fast.  They have a live band at night.       For lunch I hade clam chowder and fish n chips.  The clam chowder was decent, it had some huge chunks of celery, I hate celery.  It was also loaded with potatoes.  The fish n chips were excellent, a huge portion and I ordered the half or lunch portion.  The chips were a little on the greasy side, but the fish was nice and flakey and battered well.  Price was great for the portion.
4	Usual overpriced Vegas food and drinks, but at least the stuff here was good. The fish n' chips were as good as advertised in most of the posts already listed here. The mac n' cheese was meh though.Good atmosphere and decent decor. Good service.
3	When you go in an Irish Pub, you kind of expect beer and ale with your typical Irish fare, such like Shepard's Pie and Fish N Chips.  Yup, that is what you get here.  Small place and you typically have to wait to get in.    Having said that, the Burger was decent and the Fish N Chips was great.  I got the small and it was humongous, but more important hot, crispy and tasty.  I will be coming back just for that.  It's that good.
5	Good Guinness & Irish coffee
5	Great food, not bad prices. Steak and eggs delicious. Solid atmosphere and friendly staff.
4	Pretty good food, very good whiskey selection.  Prices are a bit steep, but it's Vegas on the strip, that is to be expected.
5	I love the food here. It's always so good and fresh. Also the people here are really nice and kind.
5	First time customers.I reserved a table in advance so we were seated immediately. Hint: if you want to be in the quieter part if the restaurant, ask to be seated in the back.Loved the decor...consistent with the Irish pub feel.They have a special this month for Guiness...great deal! The goat cheese appetizer was amazing. I'm not a goat cheese fan but they added cream cheese to minimize the pungent goat taste..and with the condiments, so tasty! I ate most of the dish.Both ordered fish n'chips...regular size. Perfect portion since we got an app first. Fresh cut fries. The fish was perfect and I felt that the tarter sauce wasn't needed.Also ordered dessert..their version of brownie sundae. It was good and not sickly sweet...but wasn't a Wow for me..but I'm a dessert snob. They give local's discount of 20% which was great but on Fridays it's 40%...we will keep that in mind next time. I was happy with the value of the food (app, 2 entrees, dessert, 5 drinks) of less than $90 before tip. Service was perfect...thanks Katie!We will definitely be back!
4	Loved the fun Irish environment, the live entertainment and the yummy food! We got the fish and chips with the mushy peas, the corn beef with cabbage, and a Caesar salad. What a fun night! We really enjoyed the overall experience!
5	GREAT breakfasts! Even though I was hoping for corned beef hash and eggs, but maybe that's just an Americanized use of corned beef because it wasn't on the menu. I settled for an omelet with corned beef and was super happy with it. My friends got the eggs benedict and the traditional Irish breakfast which were great as well. What impressed me were the little details like Kerry Gold butter for the toast and the coffee comes out in a french press.
5	Finding a really good place to eat in Vegas can be difficult since most businesses on yelp have no less than 4 stars.  Everyone loves everything here! And it's not necessarily because everything is amazing.  I'm guessing it's cause this town is like Disney World for adults and the general temperament is cheery.We came here for an authentic Irish breakfast and we got it! We sat at the bar and had amazing service from the bar tender.  He was attentive, informative, and friendly. I hadn't had coffee yet and needed some badly when I saw Irish coffee on the menu. I had never tried one and couldn't think of a better place/time for my first one.  All I can say is WOW! It was delicious.  I don't have anything to compare it to, but I'm pretty sure I've been spoiled with the best Irish Coffee I'll ever try.  It was entirely handcrafted with Powers whiskey, French pressed coffee, and fresh whipped unsweetened cream (I watched him as he whipped it himself). The combination of the cool cream and the warm coffee was amazing. I want another one as I write this.         I ordered the Sausage & Egg Boxty: scrambled eggs with sausage, peppers, and cheddar cheese wrapped in a potato pancake. Hollandaise sauce is poured over the top to finish it off. Yum! The flavors all complimented themselves perfectly and nothing was overpowering.  You can't go wrong coming here... they also have great beer selections and live music at night.  I'll definitely be back here next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Reminiscent of a traditional Irish pub. Food was excellent, staff was kind & courteous and the place warm and inviting. We had salmon (tender and moist), Irish stew (thick and flavorful) and Guinness and Harp - both on draught. Great whiskey selection as well. Music in the evenings a plus.
5	Grilled salmon pub entree with veggies while Hubby had Irish stew cooked in Guinness were both enjoyed thoroughly. We also enjoyed Guinness on tap and Harp. Difficult to find excellent pub food for relatively reasonable prices given the surrounding area!
5	The spectacular gem is quite possibly our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The food is simply amazing from breakfast to late night. The whiskey selection is unbelievable with a oak bound book for you to peruse the selection. For dinner the shepards pie is a staple with the banger appetizer standing out. On a lighter side, the guiness mussels are incredibly prepared. For lunch the lamb rosemary burger is outstanding.For breakfast the Irish Benedict is quite possibly the best I've ever had, and yes I've had a lot.To top it off every Friday locals get 40% off food... I'll be there Friday!
3	Three stars for the fish (not the chips) in the fish & chips, the mushy peas, and the servers who work their asses off. The potato cakes are tasty enough, but the sausage rolls were downright nasty. Evocative of Costco.If you go deep enough into the restaurant you can begin to shed the airport/cheap mall ambiance that rules the entire Mandalay casino complex.
4	This is one of the best deals in the Mandalay Bay complex, so put it on your list as a good value, good eats place to go during your stay. They also have breakfast and is a better alternative to the pricey Citizens American Kitchen or Starbucks.We went to Ri Ra for breakfast, and it has good coffee and a solid array of breakfast items that won't break the bank.  As a group, we ordered the American breakfast, French toast, steak and eggs, the sausage and egg boxty, and a bacon, egg, and cheese.Everyone was satisfied with the quality and quantity of their meals, as well as the friendly, efficient service.I wish I knew about this place a few days ago.
5	Best fish in a fish and chips I ever had. Fries are average, but batter was just right on a huge portion of perfectly cooked fish.
5	I love this pub. The vintage decor outside is what lured me inside. Sadly, I couldn't buy any of it because I wanted my apartment to look like this pub!While in Vegas, I kept returning to this bar even though I wasn't staying anywhere near it. It was a real Irish pub and it was amazing.Definitely my favorite spot in Vegas!
5	My Welsh wife and I BOTH agree... The fish and chips are phenomenal!!  This is a very cozy place with multiple bars and rooms, usually live music happening and not-so-bad strip prices.  Located between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, it's convenient even to locals like us.  They have all the key brews like Smithwicks, Newcastle, etc.  and a great menu of AUTHENTIC english food (they even have BOTH Cottage pie AND Shepherds pie).  We plan to make this a regular place we visit...
5	Great food, huge portions and nice staff. My girlfriends and I went to Vegas on a girls trip and ended up hungry late one night. We were welcomed into RiRa and were beyond pleased with the food! The "small" fish and chips is massive, and barely fit on one plate! The chicken burger was packed full of flavor and the sweet grapefruit cocktail was my favorite.
5	Personally, after working in an Irish pub as a twentysomething, I have high standards for these types of places. But as soon as I sat down at the bar, very authentic btw, I knew I had found a home! This place is it. I am a fan of a beer called Belhaven Scottish Ale, and its not a beer that can be found everywhere. So I always ask to see if they have it, and when they did,  I was psyched!The entertainment is legit, Monday night there was a solo Irish fellow who nailed it. Tuesday and Wednesday there was a duo called (I think) the Black Irish, with a guitarist and a mandolin/lead guitarist who are straight from Dublin, and let me tell you, it felt like St. Patty's Day in Boston in there. Those two like to extend the songs with jams, and it works perfectly. The place was raucous for these acts, which only heightens the experience for those who have had it before somewhere in a place more legit than Vegas. I never expected to be haunting an Irish pub here, of all places. Food, I had the The staff is great, they're all wicked friendly and they all seem to be glad to be there. My favorite bartender was Susan, and she was only working Monday night, and I went back on Tuesday and Wednesdays too. Don't tell anybody, but I had a crush on her for the two hours I was there, that girl is a sweetheart!....But all of the staff,  they're all good, really. Oh yeah, finally, I saw something there that I never have seen before. The manager was either taking the temperature, or measuring the nitrogen concentration off of the Guinness tap with some newfangled gadget.  Just so they make sure they pour the perfect pint. Then, right after that, the people next to me ordered a "Irish car bomb," and the bartenders nailed it.  I knew I was home.If you want the Vegas experience, go somewhere else, cause this place felt like home to me, the place in town that we all used to go to and spin our wheels (but never drive home). When I come back, the first place I'm going is that bar and asking for a Belhaven.  Exactly what I never expected to find, and a perfect place for those of us who shy away from the bright light, big city places in Las Vegas."I've been a wild rover, for many a-years. I spent all me moneys on whiskeys and beer."
4	Food was pretty good.  I'd come back again.
5	There prime rib is the best I ever had.  Fun place to hang out and great happy hour. The manger is so nice and staff is very passionate n friendly. . Great local specials too.
5	Awesome pub - feels like you took a piece of Ireland and plopped it on the Strip!  Bartenders are friendly and there is live music all week.  Great place to meet new friends and just hang out.
1	Good place to be if you are an employee; not so good if you are a customer.  We sat at the bar for a long time.  Three bartenders saw us and none approached us.  They were having a great time among themselves.  We had to ask the manager if we were sitting in a closed part of the bar.  He finally sent someone over (really sorry to break up their party).  We left, disgusted.  Never got a chance to sample the whiskey beer or food.
5	Strolled upon this pub a few years ago...last August on my most recent trip out there we stopped by for a quick drink before seeing Michael Jackson's THE ONE.... it was the best Guinness we've ever had. We made it a point to stop by the next day for another great Guinness and try the food. We had the sausage rolls appetizers and split a burger. The sauce for the sausage rolls was really good. The burger was just right....not too dry nor greasy it was perfect.  What made the lunch visit better was the bartender remembered us from the night before. Which made us happy since it was a Saturday night the night before and we were there for just one drink. That just tells you they pay attention to the customers.The next day (Monday) before heading back to LA i had to stop and get another order of sausage rolls half a burger and a Guinness. I even took an order of sausage rolls to go and ate them periodically on the way home. Ever since having the Guinness my boyfriend and I can't stop thinking about it. We will be heading back in the next week and its the first stop for us :) I can't wait to have my fresh beer with my sausage s and burger.
5	RiRa has breakfast Mon-Fri 8-11 which may sound early after a long night of clubbing, but trust me, your hung-over self will be glad that you did.  You can even start off your breakfast right--with an Irish coffee.  I'm not sure what type of cream they use, but the combination of the cool cream, warm coffee, and kick from the whiskey made my heart sing.  Seriously, I wish I could have one of those EVERY day....work would be so much more pleasant.  I ordered the boxty, which is essentially a potato pancake lovingly wrapped around sausage & eggs and topped with some serious hollandaise sauce.  Breakfast of champions.  I've only had breakfast here, but if their other meals are anything like the one I had, I'll definitely be back.
5	I don't just give it 5 stars I give it 10 stars whoever comes try the hamburger with curry sauce it was awesome
5	Had a mini Vegas get away this weekend...and ever since my trip to the pub last year its alli think about. We at there 3 days in a row of our 4 day trip. The first night we took some family with us to eay and they really enjoyed the food. The oniom rings were fresh onions. Someone in our party got the mac and cheese with chicken it was so good. The next morning  we went back to eat for an early lunch. They open @ 8am for breakfast! I originally wanted sausage rolls but it was still breakfast time. I got the cream cheese bagel in the mean time. I think they bake the bagels there fresh it was great. On our last trip to the pub we got the Guinness BBQ burger. Once again fresh food.
4	Great Irish Pub located between Luxor and Mandalay Bay.They have lots of Irish drafts and cuisine. The price is on par with everything else on the strip, youre looking at between $15 and $30 min person. We had a great waiter and there was no wait around dinner time.
5	Now this is amazing Irish food. Seems like the staff are all Irish too. You get the authentic vibe here. The food is cooked to perfection. I have never been dissatisfied with Ri Ra. I highly recommend this place to try at least once in Vegas!
5	Simply, this place is great. The service is nice and friendly. Managers will drift by, check on you, recommend a dish, and just have a personal chat, if you like. Let them know how they are doing. They will make anything amiss right again. I got lucky with my food and waitress. The lamb burger, sweet potato chips, and pastry wrapped banger sausages were delicious. Their whiskey menu is extensive compared to most bars. The live music is what you may expect, loud and bending every note. If I survive 'til 4am I'll still be back for breakfast. Cheers!
5	Why haven't I come here sooner?  I'm always looking for a place on the strip that serves big portions of real food, I don't always want fancy.  This place is the answer.  Hands down best pub food in the city.  Shepards pie, fish and chips, curry, I want to try more of the menu.  Big portionsThe band when I was there was two gentlemen playing acoustic and singing their lungs out.  Such talents, the whole restaurant was loving it.  Steer clear if you don't like loud places btw.  A must see if you are looking for high energy and want to leave full, another hidden gem in Mandalay bay.
4	Came here for a random snack and drink. The Irish coffee was amazing. I'm not a huge whiskey fan but I could've chugged it, it was delicious. We got the smoked salmon and the baked cheese dip. It was all amazing. Really happy with our stop here.
5	A friend who lives in Vegas told us to go here. I'm a huge fan of Irish pubs and ri ra definitely ranks at the top of ones I've been to. The food is spectacular. We ordered the scotch eggs and they were the best I've ever eaten. The baked goat cheese was very flavorful as well. I think we are going back tomorrow to try the fish and chips. I suggest going when the band is playing after 8:45 pm. They played traditional Irish songs as well as popular music. I know I will miss this place when I'm back in Cleveland!
4	One of my go to places for Fish and Chips in Las Vegas. I haven't tried anything else here except for drinks of course, they do have a well stocked bar...after all, it is an Irish Pub!Service  has always been friendly and we never had to wait long even when they are busy.Friday nights locals get 40% off their bill! So back to the fish n chips. Fish is moist, batter is crispy, not greasy. Chips are golden, nice potato taste with a bit crisping at edges. Perfect.So that's my 2 cents.
4	Maybe it was the cider talking, or the fact that I have been on an Irish kick lately, but I truly enjoyed my meal at Ri Ra.  The waitress was very helpful with a killer accent.  The soda bread was excellent and I could have eaten more but didn't want to fill up. I had the potato cakes appetizer which was two large cakes with a vinaigrette sauce.  It was very tasty, it could have been a little crisper, but it did have a light fluffy texture.  For my main course I had the fish and chips.  The fish was light and flaky and the coating was crisp.  You only get one piece of fish but it was a decent size and after the ceasar salad, soda bread and  potato cakes, it was more than enough.  The fries were about the only negative about the meal, limp and soggy.  Ri Ra was a nice surprise and was a good place to watch the hockey games.
5	Superb food, exemplary customer service, design is authentically Irish. Ask for the waitress Joy...she's amazing :) If you want to have a wedding reception here it's a really good time as well! The craic is grand at Ri Ra!
4	The food is pretty standard fare for an Irish Pub. Our server was really accommodating and friendly. I would say the only thing I really couldn't justify returning for is the price.
5	What a fun venue!!   Great food, try the fries and curry appetizer.  Fish and chips, shepherds pie and bangers and mash were our favorite.  We were greeted with a ton of Irish charm, but our waitress Sara made the evening a blast!   She knew just want to recommend and attended to everything with an amazing smile!   Visit here and enjoy the ambiance, the great food and drink and finish with one if their amazing selections of Irish based whiskey.  Great selection!  Cheers!
5	First time here. My husband chose the Full Irish breakfast and I had the buttermilk pancakes. Both were outstanding. Average prices but large quantity of food. We would definitely return the next time I Vegas. A bit noisy but after all it is an Irish pup n that is part of the fun. May come back this evening for some Irish music.
5	Amazing food and ambiance.  Had the prime rib with Guinness au jus.   Did not disappoint.  Will definitely be back.....As promised I went back.  This time had the fish and chips.  They again were great.  Also had their clams appetizer with some Guinness sauce that had some other awesome ingredient in it...perhaps angels tears but I can't be sure.  Great food and excellent prices for their location...and Smithwicks on tap.  Done!!
4	You cannot go wrong with the sausage rolls and the goat cheese appetizers!! They never disappoint. Ri Ra offers a happy hour during the week until 6 pm. The breakfast is okay and only subpar at best. They play rugby and soccer games ( just call ahead to see if they have your game ). Special discount for locals on Friday!
4	Quick Look: Really authentic Irish pub located in a shopping mall situated between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. As a person of Irish descent from NY who frequented Irish Pubs, this spot reminds me of the many classic and lively neighborhood Irish bars found in the Northeast (USA). In Depth Look: I never had a bad time at this pub. Was skeptical and paid no attention when they first opened. As a local, many of these so called authentic Irish pubs seem to fall flat and close as fast as they open. I met friends one night before the sold out Iron Maiden concert at Mandalay Bay to "pre-game" and the place was packed out wall to wall with concert goers in a festive mood. This is the best pre-party and after-party spot for any rock concert at the Mandalay Bay. Beer and Whiskey shots are pushed across the bar in bulk and they certainly do their best to keep you hydrated. The Irish bands keep the mood festive and up-tempo. Not unusual to see people up dancing with beer in hand. This is a loud, live music bar and people are drinking (excessively). So not exactly a good place to bring the kids or your granny. If you want quiet request a table in the back or look elsewhere. If you want to have fun, get spirited and avoid the bottle service driven clubs - than this might be your place!   Our server was a pretty girl imported from Ireland. Had great food. Recommend the Fish and Chips as it's obviously a big seller and quite popular here. Took away a star because I remember having to wait a very long time to get the food when this place was flooded with people after the concert. Also took away another star as the casino range price-point was a bit excessive IMO. It's a pub and the price points could be a bit more affordable. As a local I might frequent the establishment more if was more affordable and made sense. Locals friendly deal would be a great selling point for them to attract more business (if they need it). Summary: Happy to go back and recommend it for friends who visit and want to go to a bar and eat tasty pub food. Hands down the best and most authentic Irish Pub in Las Vegas, NV.
5	I went to Ri Ra because I had a 15% discount with the Vegas Bite Card.  I sat at the bar and enjoyed myself.  The bar tender was from Ireland, which was a nice touch (I spend some time teaching in Ireland so I really enjoyed talking to this guy about the country).  I had a pub burgher which was excellent.  I also had one of their summer Pear Hard Ciders which was very good.  Prices were reasonable.  I would recommend Ri Ra if you like Irish pubs!
5	RiRa is a chain. I've been to the one in Evansville, Indiana and Louisville, KY. Vegas is the best one, hands down. I've gone to this location several times- the decor is very authentic- I love the room that looks like a living room, it's very cute and comfortable. Sara H, my bartender on several occasions, is a pure joy. She consistently gives great service even when the place is packed wall to wall and is very attentive and SO funny!! An overall great experience with a great bartender! Also, the food is a few steps above "normal" bar food - it's authentic and delicious!
3	Agree with what others said about the ambience - very authentic Irish pub.  It must be a job requirement to speak with an Irish accent.  Service was generally good.We started with the sausage rolls, which were outstanding.  The pastry was just like my grandmother used to make.  For our mains I had the lamb sandwich and the husband had the fish and chips.  My lamb was mostly tasty, but there was one piece in there that was thick and really, really tough, which made it hard to enjoy.  The husband said the fish and chips were fine - the fish came out as one huge single filet, as opposed to being cut up in pieces.  I can appreciate why they serve it in just one piece, but did make it a bit unwieldy to eat.Sadly enough, the drinks were what let the experience down for us.  The husband had the Lagunitas IPA (I know, you're supposed to go for Irish beer.  But the husband doesn't like Irish beer) and it was flat.  I ordered their pink lemonade (Citron, chambord and pink lemonade) which was quite nice, but when I was less than a quarter of the way through my drink, I picked up my glass to take a sip and the bottom dropped out of the glass, splashing my drink and glass bits all over the table and me.  The staff (and neighbouring patrons) helped me wipe most of liquid off me and moved us to another table while the manager got me a new drink.  However, we got a quick apology and nothing more.  We didn't ask for anything, but we've been comped at least for a drink when anything similar has happened to us at other places.  A bit disappointing for customer service.
4	Real deal. Nice folks, happy hour with live music and half price appetizers too! Nice people and can't beat the service. Ate 2 doors down at burger bar and sorry I did. Will be back next time here!
5	Good happy hour, friendly staff, price is affordable. Scottish egg is very good, burgers are great. Classic pub boisterous environment. Worth it - go.
5	Was there on Saturday night 6/14/14 and the food and atmosphere was pretty darn authentic, however the icing on the cake and what made the Ri Ra perfect was our server Sinead! We were a group of 10 people and we all wanted to take her back with us. Ri Ra should be so very lucky to have a server that loves her job! I used to be a waiter (12 years) and Sinead  was THE BEST. She took amazing care of us and showed us her heart in the hour we were in her section. If you go to Ri Ra's you must sit with her. Thank you for an amazing dining experience =)
4	really authentic irish grub... boy does vegas do it right or what... shepards pie is a wonderful minced lamb and really authentic.. little disappointed with the chicken curry.. was looking for that traditional yellow/green pasty sauce and instead got more of a light darker gravy and chicken was not tender.. listen to me !!! spoiled rotten... run dont walk.. terrific homemade brown bread and kerrygold butter...
1	Do not go to this bar. We had arranged to meet some friends there, a few of us were sat waiting for the others (with our first drink of the night), the manager came and asked us to move to another bar as he wanted to use our tables for people having food, we were just drinking and had been sat there by the waitress being clear we were just drinking.So... We were basically being asked to leave the bar as we were only drinking and not eating. We said we were waiting for more people and wanted to finish our drinks (still the first drink, we had only just sat down), he said "ok, don't bother" stroppily and walked off. We tried to get another drink and were told by our waitress that the manager had told her not to serve us.On asking the manager why we couldn't get another drink, he said that he didn't know anything about why she wouldn't serve us and suggested that maybe we were drunk. He threatened to call security. It put quite downer on the start of our night, I would avoid this bar like the plague unless you want your night spoiled, go to any of the other live music venues in M Bay, the staff are a lot nicer!
5	We had our "reception" (after wedding) dinner here! We had an amazing time with our friends and family and loved the food and drinks!! We were thrilled with the service and all if our guests were "wow'ed" by the food and good sized portions! After enjoying food and drinks we went to the stage area with the live band! The band was amazing and we had the most fun we've had dancing at a bar!! We never imagined our night we be so over the top perfect and something everyone who attended is still talking about!! We would recommend this restaurant to anyone for any event...even if it just to eat! :)
5	I visited during a World Cup game, sports isn't my thing but this is apparently the place to go during a game. I was able to get a nice table that was a bit removed from the crowd.The beer selection is large and includes what I'd expect to find at an Irish pub. I ordered a Dubliner hamburger. I couldn't be more satisfied. The meat was cooked exactly to order and the caramelized onions were delicious. The bun tasted fresh and was fluffy.Ri Ra is definitely on my list of places to eat on future visits to Vegas.
4	Went here for Husband's birthday dinner.  We were greeted by the hostess and manager and they were very nice and friendly.  We got seating for 7 fairly quickly.  Live music was playing and it is a generally fun atmosphere.  I love the decor in this restaurant/pub.  One of our group said the bartender was great as well.  Food was pretty good.  Potato Leek soup was awesome.  I also ordered bacon wrapped BBQ shrimp which were pretty good.  Friends ordered shepherds pie which, was good for them, Scottish Eggs, and the meatloaf sandwich.  No one complained about their food or said anything negative.  The manager even gave my husband a free Jameson shot for his birthday!  Overall I would eat here again.
1	Bummer...My step dad really likes this place for his power lunches, so we finally came with the whole family. He ordered his favorite thing (sausage rolls) " a must have!" He says....10 minutes later the manager comes over and says they don't have them prepped yet in the kitchen, "it's too early", uhhhh it was 1:00! Don't have it on your LUNCH menu if it won't be ready till dinner. My husband and I are both chefs here in town and I coulda gone back there and done it in 5 minutes! How hard is it to wrap some dough around an order of sausage? Mussels appetizer- mom gave me a bite, and lucky me got a  rotten mussel which I spit out into a napkin and smelled up the whole table so bad, I had to put the plate with one mussel on it on the table next to us. I'm pregnant and this really was horrifying. House salad with blue cheese dressing- dressing tastes like it came from a bottle of wishbone Fish n chips- gross! Tarter sauce can't be home made, incredibly thick and overly  sweet, I had to add 3 lemon wedges to one ramekin to make it "edible" Reuben- sister ordered it with sweet potato fries which turned out to be over cooked and brown sweet potato chips. I'm sorry but when your menu says fries, people want fries, there's a huge difference. She said the sandwich was good though. Volcanic wings- the highlight of the meal, nice and crispy but hardly volcanic. Again, home made dressings is where it's at and this place doesn't seem to have it.
4	I think the drinks were like buying really expensive beers and well drinks.  Fun pale though, not sure we'd return anytime soon.
4	I tried this relatively new spot the last time I was in Vegas, and being a lover of Irish pubs, I was excited to try this place out. It did not disappoint, and is now my favorite Irish pub in the Vegas area.The first thing that jumped out at me was the fun and festive atmosphere. It has it's entrance right from the Mandalay hotel, and the Guinness store is right next door, which is cool. The restaurant has a nice, intimate feel, and you instantly feel comfortable here. I love the way the restaurant is appointed, and it has an intimate feel that is not "corporate" in style. They always seem to have great live entertainment here, and if you're looking for Irish music and entertainment, this is the place to come. The service here is also great! The bartenders all seem to be Irish! It doesn't get much more authentic than that! They have a great beer selection, and the staff had good expertise. It all makes for a great experience when you eat/drink here.
5	A little out of the way, but if you're looking for a pub like atmosphere, this is your place!All the employees have Irish accents (at least the ones I spoke to). For some reason, this is an attraction in itself. Perhaps it gives it a sense of authenticity, perhaps I've always fantasized about going to Ireland and meeting a red head, or perhaps it makes me feel they are alcohol experts by default, but no matter what the reason, I loved the accents.CAUTION: Do not order the whiskey sampler for breakfast!!! The thing is described as three shots of various whiskeys for 8 dollars. I assumed since it was only 8 dollars, the shots must be 1/3 to 1/2 of a full shot. They were pretty much full shots. On top of this, I also ordered a Bushmills Honey shot, which was delicious. 4 shots for breakfast later, I ordered 2 pints of "something red." I regret that I do not know the name of this beer, but it was also delicious. It was the beer on tap on the far left side of the bar that's closest to the bathroom at the time of writing.
5	Visiting vegas and decided to eat here after walking by it shopping the other day. Definitely glad we did. It's tied for best food we have eaten in vegas so fsr!
4	One can always be a bit on the fence when it comes to finding an "authentic" institution in the land of the reinvention--aka Vegas, but I was pleasantly surprised with Ri Ra.The decor and atmosphere smacked of fairly traditional Irish pubs--warm woods and inviting paint colors--with the only difference being the sky-high ceiling height.Food was solid and decently priced.  I'll always like a spot that has Smithwicks on tap.  Service was great, too.Would recommend this spot for anyone trolling the Strip.
3	Decent spot for lunch at mandalay place. Food was fine but overpriced. wife had the goat cheese salad....my son had a cheeseburger...I had a reuben. no complaints. everything was decent. service was sluggish..waiter was nice but seemed over extended. Its pleasant enough inside..can get very crowded. most folks probably come here for the beer and drinks...we can't comment on those. Seems like an A-OK spot to dine while taking a gambling break at either mandalay or Luxor.
3	Las Vegas is not the place I would expect a great pub style establishment, and as a native of Minneapolis/St Paul, I had to compare Ri Ra to places that set the bar real high. What I have come to seek in a pub is a place with good food, affordable beer you can drink in large amounts while bullshitting with friends, prices that let the bar fill with regulars, and an atmosphere of cozy chaos. Bear this in mind.My husband and I went with 2 other locals for the locals happy hour, and even with the deal, this pub was quite expensive for the food. Pros: - Lots of wonderful free soda bread, and all the import beers you might like from Britain and Ireland.- Very friendly, attentive and polite staff.- Easy to read in the Mandalay Mall thing.- Scotch Eggs! And damn delicious ones at that. All of the food was quite good.Cons:- It's pricey. Even with a generous locals discount event it is too spendy to be a frequent haunt; which is rather at cross purposes with being a "pub".- Its huge, and it is loud. Very loud. Not "band playing a set" loud, or raucous conversation loud, but "the radio is so loud we have to shout" loud; which is rather at cross purposes with being a "pub".- It's authentic...like the Blarney Stone. All the parts are there, but it just sort of lacks the atmosphere that separates a pub from a bar that serves bangers. It's not a bad pub by Vegas standards, but the price point and tourist saturation will leave me hunting for a pub to call my local.
4	We stay annually at THE Hotel every summer, and I can't believe I haven't tried Ri Ra sooner!Came here about 9:00 for dinner on a Sunday night and were seated right away. I had no idea how far back and large this place actually was. They have 2 full bars, great decor and lively atmosphere. The house band that was playing was outstanding.But we were really here for the food...It was great to be served by a nice young lady with a Irish accent. I thought is was legit, my sister thought acting. Who knows?! In any case, it was cool.We started off with the ceasear (nothing special), some complimentary soda bread and some mild wings. We agreed that they were some of the best wings we ever had. Well done and cripsy and not over sauced. They come with blue cheese and we asked for ranch, not sure what we got but it seemed like a mix of the two. Not the "old people" blue cheese you are used to, but a light, tangy dipping sauce.We shared a large "award winning" fish and chips and it was delcious! Perfectly cooked and breaded, tartar sauce was great. We couldn't even finish the large portion between the 2 of us.My only regret is that I didn't have room for dessert!
5	Staff were friendly and totally accomodating.  I had the crispy cod which was delicious - a nice, light alternative to Fish & Chips.  We were a large party, and had alot of special requests which they handled gracefully and cheerfully.  If I am back in the Luxor, I'll definitely drop in!
5	My boyfriend and I came across this place randomly and we're so glad we did. We were staying at the Luxor so this place is very close being only a few steps away from our hotel. We've never been to an Irish bar before so this is all new to us. To our surprise, we loved it! The service was quick and recommendations on beer and drinks were amazing. From the decor to the selection of beer to the fitting and awesome live music, this place gets 5 stars from me.My favorite part was the service. Luckily, every time we came in, our bartender was Fitz. He's literally the coolest Irishman. Oh! And so is Gunner who we also met on our last night there. These two were so much fun. It was a blast every time we came in. I asked Fitz to pick things off the menu for us to eat and he hit it right on the nose. I wish I wrote everything down so I could add more to this review about the food because it was amazing. But, I was in Vegas, and a little distracted and intoxicated. Thanks to the bartenders. Haha. Anyway, I love this place. One of my favorite bars in Vegas. Fitz - best bartender in town. And we will definitely be returning soon!
5	Went in for a late lunch.  I enjoyed the ambience. It felt like I was transported over to Ireland instead of being in the middle of the Mandalay Shoppes.   The potato and leek soup was great....nice and hot with good flavor.   Loved my fish and chips.   Nice flakey white fish with a good batter.  Servers were efficient and attentive.  I would eat there again.
5	Second time here and this will now be a tradition every time we are in town. Eo'in and Sine'ad made us feel comfortable and at home. I love the food, love the music and love the staff. I can't wait to come back.
5	Ri-Ra is the only place you can grab a perfectly good Guinness equally the same as is you were in Dublin Ireland... I always make the effort to arrive at RiRa when ever I am in Vegas... I been there for 5x this year and I make sure to make my nightcap Guinness every night...
5	We got off an agonizing 4 hr flight with less than 2 hours of sleep from a bad ass Motley Crue concert and headed straight here only because i read "pub"..............WINNER!We loved this place. First orders were sheperds pie and dubliner- holy cow amazing! probably some of the best sheperds pie i've had in a really long time.Second day here we order the smoked salmon appetizer, fish and chips and Worchestishire (?) chicken sandwhich........the sandwhich was a recommendation by the barkeep after i told him just how tired we were of eating vegas food. It was fresh and just made me feel so much better.Serious eats, serious drinks and a really cool atmosphere. Music and dancing every night.really great place, made our vacation so much better.
5	LOVE Ri Ra! From the food to the service you really cant say a bad thing about this Irish Pub.With the majority of the employees being from Ireland they certainly know their whiskey... and how to pour the perfect Guinness. Theres always loud music, it really makes the place feel alive. A little on the expensive side, but its worth checking out.This is my favorite spot to visit after work. Especially on Fridays.. its 40% off food for locals! Ive tried the fish n chips, potato cakes, shrimp cocktail, salmon cakes, and the Guinness Burger and omg. i cant choose a favorite because theyre all amazing!
5	Ri Ra is by far the best food for the money in Las Vegas. This Irish pub looks and feels like the homeland.  They have a great assortment of beers and a good variety of specialty drinks. If you get the chance go to Ri Ra.
3	Great for breakfast and very inexpensive for a high end hotel/casino.  Expect great options for $10-$11.  Service is not so great though and the coffee, well, pub like.  Love the interior aesthetic.  Lots of light and great decor.  Not a dreary pub.
5	Absolutely phenomenal. Our server Sinaid was knowledgeable and full of recommendations. The food was outstanding. Management passed by several time to ensure everything was okay. Definitely a must foodie location! I had the veg burger and one of the best I've had. Potato cakes to die for.
5	My favorite place in Vegas! Anytime someone visits this is on the agenda. Growing up all over Europe, I was missing a good curry aioli until I found this place. Atmosphere, entertainment, personality and killer food, this place has it all.
4	Took a while to get a hostess to seat us; maybe she was on break. But on a busy Saturday night, they should've had the front covered... When we were finally seated, Niamh, our waitress was phenomenal!We had corn fritters for our appetizer; I liked them plain, no sauce, so you could taste all the delightful flavors of corn and the breading. For dinner, shepherds pie of course! How could you go wrong? And, mmmm it was full of meaty goodness!My husband had fish n chips with a side of bachelor's peas. I tasted a bite of everything and must say that I enjoyed the fries the most! (I'm a fry kinda gal!)  But he just loved the bachelor's peas and wants to try making them at home!
5	When my husband (then fiance) and I were planning our out-of-state wedding in Las Vegas, I have to admit I was nervous. I got several quotes from various casinos, restaurants on the strip, and restaurants off the strip and I was pleasantly surprised to stumble upon RiRa while perusing the Mandalay instill among their team, affordable prices (we held a lunch wedding reception in the Parlour Room for 55 people and it was beyond fantastic), flexibility, and delicious food, there's not much else to love!! When I was on the Mandalay Bay website. I was immediately drawn in by the Pub Lunch, but it's not only the price that you'll love about RiRa. It's more like what's not to love about RiRa? Aside from the amazing customer service that Scott and Paula exhibit, they worked tirelessly to ensure that our special event unfolded just as my husband and I desired; they communicated clearly and within 24 hours - they answered their phones! I can't tell you how many venues didn't even respond to our emails, let alone in a timely manner! This was never the case at RiRa. Paula's impeccable attention to detail went above and beyond what we had expected. She and her team even went as far as to set up and decorate our reception room so we didn't have to worry about it! I mean, who does that?? That's BRILLIANT customer service. Her concern was that we didn't have to worry about a single thing on our Big Day. We had our cake delivery scheduled and Paula even offered to pick it up, since the bakery was actually in the Mandalay Bay lobby (our bakery forgot to mention this and Paula tried to help us out here); she said she could just take a quick walk over and get it so we didn't have to pay the delivery fee.Everything from the decorations, lighting, music, microphone available, food, service, etc. was amazing. We feel like RiRa is now a part of our Las Vegas tradition and so every time we celebrate there, we'll be sure to come in and feast on the delicious salmon, potato and leek soup, and corned beef!If you're planning a wedding, look no further - seriously. You will not be disappointed - the venue is beautiful and a photographer's dream. If you're planning a party, look no further! If you just want a delicious meal or ice cold beer, look no further. Scott, Paula, and RiRa's staff are so on top of their game - anyone who chooses not to stop by, is truly missing out!
5	I'm in love with this place!  Have eaten there for lunch and hung out for a night of beer and live music.  Servers are great, the food is good.  They have A great draft beer selection, the decor is awesome what more could a girl want?  Oh yeah, one of these back home ;)
5	We stop here every time we're at THEhotel or Mandalay it always exceeds expectations. If you want good pub food, good beer, a pleasant wait staff or an obscure Irish whiskey, you will get that, but just a little bit better because it's actually reasonably priced. The best value I've found in Vegas. Certainly the best value anywhere on Mandalay property.They have a fantastic breakfast too! The Benedict is outstanding and the rashers is The Bacon of bacon.
5	I really love this place and try to come here once a week while in town for work. Really friendly service very good food and a great atmosphere at a very fair price. Prime rib stands out as does the pastrami sandwich. I believe everyone who works there is Irish, and they often have very authentic live music. Although the location is a little bit far away it is worth the trip.
4	I think this the best restaurant in this resort. We had the chop salad with the fish n chips. The decor of the place is great.  Very Irish and warm. The food was great and service too vi would definitely recommend eating here if your staying at the hotel Mandalay Bay. They have really nice private rooms you can have private events.
5	Excellent food and great service! Had our wedding dinner party there in a July and everything was perfect.
3	The inside of this place is amazing.  Although I've never been, the place feels like a real Irish bar.  I hear that they only hire people born in Ireland to work as waiters/bartenders here which adds to the mystique.If there is one thing you have to try here it is the Jameson Honey Glazed Wings... SO GOOD.  The fish & chips here are always a good choice but make sure to get the small order because the big order could feel a Gaelic Family.
4	My brother and sister-in-law had a smallish cocktail reception here after a short wedding ceremony at one of the Mandalay Bay chapels. To be honest, a few if us wondered what they were thinking going from a small but elegant ceremony to an Irish Pub. As soon as we walked back to the private room, any doubts we had were gone. The fireplace and decor of the room made it seem like an intimate dinner party rather than a bar reception. The Irish themed appetizers were hot, tasty, and provided a nice change from veggie plates and chips and dip. Having super-charming bar staff with adorable Irish accents (who cares if they are really authentic?) added such a fun element to the party. Service was on par with nicer restaurants in Vegas, and no one in our party ever went without food or drink. After the cake was cut, it was expediently whisked away, only to return in portions to eat right there, or packaged up for later. The extra apps were wrapped up, along with extra cake, and sent to the Bridal Suite for late night snacking. The entire staff was overwhelmingly gracious, and in a town where they see so many weddings every day, it was great to feel like they were only interested in ours. If you're getting hitched in Vegas, especially anywhere near the Mandalay Shops, give Ri Ra a chance as your reception or even just cocktail hour spot.
5	It was 1am when I came here after a long, tiring day of "walking the strip."Entering this place didn't feel like Vegas. Live music was playing and the Irishman singing pumped the energy up; he had everyone singing and clapping to Irish songs we've never heard before.The food was comforting and delicious. My friend and I ordered the shrimp cocktail, shepherd's pie and sweet potato crisps.It's an authentic Irish pub; the interior design, the lengthy whiskey collection, the fun, lively ambience, the music, and the majority of workers (who are extremely kind and humorous) and customers are Irish. I enjoy that you can take a break here from all the Vegas pizazz and just get to bond with people over music and food.
5	This review is over a week old but better late than never.  My husband and I sat at the bar for a Thursday night football game.  Everyone seemed very happy to be working there and our bartender was awesome.  We had the mussels to start and fish and chips. *yum*.  Most of the artwork is from Ireland and the actual bar was made in Ireland, pretty neat.  Also, if you're a local there are some discounted days.
5	Loved this place.  The food was great.  I had the Dubliner burger.  Ground lamb mixed with rosemary and topped with onion and goat cheese.  My wife had the Guinness Stew and loved it!   Have visited Mandalay Bay many times but this was the first time I stopped into Ri Ra in the Shoppes.  The server was very friendly.  They were out of a couple of things but she told us ahead of ordering and it was no big deal.  It wasn't particularly busy but there were a number of tables taken.  It was Sunday brunch.  I will definitely be back!
5	OK.. Let me start off by saying I love Guinness... Not State side made, but real Guinness... But for sure if they import directly from Dublin, but the was the best i have had outside Ireland
5	Excellent place. Great atmosphere. Delicious food. I have been here twice. The mussels brought me back, some of the best I've had. Our server was from Ireland and very pleasant, helpful and easy to talk to.  sheperds pie is excellent, the mac & cheese uses a Irish sharp cheddar also good. I come to Vegas often for conferences and usually make it a point to come here.
5	Amazinggggg irish pub and I have actually been to Ireland si that says a whole lot. The staff is on point. The food was delicious and the live music set the mood.  Even after a small mishap the manager was at our table in seconds to make sure we were the happiest we could be.  Please visit this bar...you will thank me.
4	Had the burger and fries here. It is pretty good for what it is. You can tell they are trying to be better than a lot of the other restaurants on this strip. The atmosphere is nice, they are always busy and the food is pretty good. The price is also reasonable considering where it is located. I paid $22 for a couple of beers, and the burger/fries. I would eat here again if I am in the area.
5	We stop here every time we're at THEhotel or Mandalay it always exceeds expectations. If you want good pub food, good beer, a pleasant wait staff or an obscure Irish whiskey, you will get that, but just a little bit better because it's actually reasonably priced. The best value I've found in Vegas. Certainly the best value anywhere on Mandalay property.
5	If you got an appetite for some Irish comfort food then what the hell you waiting for , take a seat.  Breakfast lunch or dinner this place serves great food at the right price.I was ony in Vegas for 3 days but came twice. For breakfast I recommend the Irish breakfast...proper bangers (sausages for you Americans ), Irish bacon (the proper stuff ) , eggs, black and white pudding, mushrooms,  tomatoes and toast all for 14 usd. Winner.  Wait you can have real baked beans on the side for an extra 3 usd . Be good to yourself they are worth every penny.For dinner I would definitely go with the fish n chips. Batter was perfect on a huge piece of fish with lovely handcut chips (fries). They were out of mushy peas or that would have beeb the icing on the cake. Sit back have a chat with Irish bar staff and for a moment you ain't in Kansas I mean Vegas any more .Make sure you get the condinents and give them a whirl..yes vinegar on the chips and brown sauce on the breakfast.Desserts. ...hell no I'm stuffed.
3	We arrived about 1 hour before our Cirque du Soleil show, starving and in dire need of food.  We would have eaten just about anywhere, but we needed something in close proximity to our theater.  House of Blues - the closest - had a 20 minute wait, so we went up the escalator to the Mandalay Bay shoppes.  Honestly, there was no plan to eat anywhere particular, so the first place we could get into - Ri Ra - was where we stayed.We didn't have much time to really get into the menu.  It took awhile for the server to come to our table, so I was starting to get anxious.  We were seated in the bar, and it was a very crowded night, so perhaps she just didn't notice us right away.  Once she finally showed up, we noticed she had an Irish accent.  And so did another lady that checked on our table.  Not sure if the entire staff was Irish, but it was kind of cool.The only thing we had time to order was appetizers since by this time we literally had 45 minutes.  Decided to go for the classic potato cakes with sour cream, balsamic and a side of HP Sauce.  I had no idea what HP Sauce was, apparently it's British, but it tastes just like our A1 Steak Sauce.  Anyway, the potato cakes were crispy on the outside, warm and soft on the inside.  Very, very tasty appetizer.The other item we got was the Stout Mussels.  My husband and I looooove mussels, and this particular one was steamed in a Guinness stout broth.  Lended a great flavor to the dish.  You could tell there was beer in it, but it wasn't anything overpowering.Aside from all that, there was live Irish music playing the entire time.  So the atmosphere is very festive, although noisy, so don't come here for a quiet dinner.  We enjoyed our very short stay - we made it to our show on time! - and would love to go back in the future to sample their main entrees.
5	We had our wedding reception here on 10-12-14 and it was AMAZING. The food and service was great and more importantly we had so much fun. The atmosphere was so lively and energetic. Planning a destination wedding can be challenging but Paula was very  accommodating and she exceeded our expectations. This truly was the best night of our lives and we have Ri Ra to thank for it. I love this place!!
4	Great atmosphere a must stop if you're in Vegas and looking for great music great food and drinks
1	I went with a friend for lunch because I was craving a Rueben. If you like the taste of dogfood, order it. No sides come with sandwiches, so we ordered fries for $7. When the fries arrived there were maybe enough for two bites each. Basically $7 for 7 fries. They also charge an entertainment music tax that you wouldn't know unless you looked at the back of the menu. Service was subpar from the hostesses. Never again.
5	If you  are looking for late night food  this is the place. It has a great late night menu with very  cheap  prices  and the staff was fast and attentive.
3	Food is ok...drinks or ok...beer is beer but I love pubs so if I'm at mandalay Bay I stop for a pint no matter what!!!!  My ex says it's the best shepherds pie he's had in this whole entire life so maybe try that!
1	Wish I could give zero stars! I found this place on yelp so and my husband and I decided this would be our first stop on our way in to Vegas (we wanted to catch Sunday football). I looked this place up (rira.com) found they have $4 carlsberg pints all day as well as football food specials. Walked up and WE had to greet the girls at the wait stand (they literally just stood their and said nothing). We asked to sit in the bar. Girl behind the bar acted very annoyed that I asked about the beer special and pretended like she knew nothing about it. She asked another bartender and he said "I think carlsberg is the special". Then when I asked about the football food specials she told me "oh, that was only during the first year we were open". I said well your website is definitely not up to date then. At that point she gave our "table" to another bar tender. We left. As you can see their website still has all the specials listed. Waste of time!
5	It feels great to finally remove Ri Ra from my bookmarks list.Let me explain:  Back when I started actively Yelping a little over a year ago, I saw someone review this place, and when I checked the menu, I saw an item that I HAD to try:  Irish Benedict.  Eggs Benedict on potato pancakes instead of an English Muffin?  You had me at "Potato."Yesterday, we were celebrating my dear friend's birthday, and my completion of a pretty intensive diet and exercise program, so for a treat, we came to Ri Ra.I'm really angry that I waited so long, but at the same time, it was worth the wait. The pub is easy to find in Mandalay Place, and has a very cozy feel to it.  Like so many Irish pubs, its a bit on the darker side, with dark wood tables, bars, and chairs.  There is a stage for live music, and they have several rooms, with TVs and projector screens so that people can watch games or matches.  Our server, Victoria, was a treasure.  She was friendly, offered recommendations, and answered our MANY questions about the menu, and the Scotches.  She offered us extra soda bread, and even continued to take care of us when we asked to take our Scotch flights in their parlor room, when that wasn't her section.Speaking of Scotch!They have a whole wall full of Scotch and Whiskey.  I was in heaven.  SO many good ones too!!!  They have some pretty amazing flight deals, which I will touch on later.So now, onto the food. We ordered the following:The Potato and Leek soup with bacon and Irish Cheddar, served with soda bread:  THIS was delicious.  I can't say I've ever had a leek soup before, and I just loved this.  Sadly, I didn't order it, my fella did, but he loves me, so he shared.  Fish and Chips:  Two of the three manly men at our table ordered the small fish and chips...and it wasn't exactly small!  We'd heard amazing things about the fish and chips here, even that it was better than another Irish Pub that we frequent, and so we had high expectations.  I don't know that I'd say that they were "better" but they were very different.  First, rather than a few small pieces of fish, for the "small" portion, they give you a HUGE fillet of battered fish!  Let me say it again...HUGE!  The batter had a nice crunch to it, and for me, was very light.  My fella said it was a touch greasy towards the middle, but also said that he enjoyed the way the batter soaked up the malt vinegar and salt.  The chips were pretty standard:  could have been a touch more crisp, but they were very good.The Kilcullen omelette: The only issue with this one was that it was overwhelming mushroom flavored.  It was still good, but I think we could have done without so many mushrooms, and a bit more corned beef.Finally, the Irish Benedict:  Let me tell you, this was 150% worth the wait.  The potato pancakes were thick and rich, with a thin rasher (Irish bacon), and a poached egg, smothered in hollandaise...and there were two!  This was almost too much food, since it also came with a side of beautifully spiced potatoes, and a grilled tomato.  The rasher was delicious, and while the eggs were overcooked just a touch (the yolk was just a little more solid than a poached egg should be), I am not going to nitpick about that, because the flavor was delicious, and my friend prefers her eggs this way, so they were perfect for her.  After our meal, the gentlemen decided to take their Scotch flights to the "Parlor Room" which has couches, another little bar, and really cute decoration.  The Scotch flight that my fella got has to be the best deal I've seen for a flight... 3 FULL CASK strength scotches, and really good quality scotch too...for $20.  To put this in perspective, the Laphroaig full cask was $14 for a dram on its own...so for $6 extra, we got 2 additional great Scotches.  My favorite was the Aberlour.  So smooth!Prices were really not too bad, especially for being on the Strip, and they do have an email club that gives you coupons, etc.  I received a $5 off coupon just for signing up (although it took a day or two to come through in my e-mail.)The hostess let us know too, that they offer a locals discount on Fridays, which sounds pretty incredible.  I'm already planning my next visit!  I think the shepherd's pie might be next to try.
4	This pub was so much fun.  Initially we were very hesitant.  Live music from a duo. She's playing a fiddle and he's playing a guitar.  And he's operating an electronic synthesizer with his foot.The music was so loud that the four of us couldn't hear each other.  We ordered a late dinner from a great personable server, Carl, whose roots are from Dublin, Ireland. We started a conversation with him which led to great food suggestions from him and great laughter.  The four of us split the beef shepherd pie and the fish and chips.  Both were very good.  The fish was a huge filet across a dinner platter.And we had beer.  What else would you drink in a pub?  Maybe Irish whiskey.  There's an iPad with all the various Irish whiskeys that you can read up on.  Ask the server if you're interested.As the evening wore on, the music either toned down or we adjusted with our own noise. The duo was great.  I'm sorry I didn't catch the name.  We finished up with the housemade pumpkin pie which was more like pumpkin bread pudding.   So good.The pub is located in the annex of the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino.
4	Pint of Guinness & Beef and Guinness Stew.  Say no more. Delicious. Tables on both sides commented that it was very rich but I found it absolutely delicious. Great atmosphere for friends, a couple, or a group.
5	Any time of day is the right time to be here.  Its a pub so of course evenings rock but I really liked the breakfast offerings.  The manger was also great fun and the staff as well were all very friendly and helpful.  Good choice if you're anywhere nearby & much better than 9 fine Irishmen.
3	This  is an ok place. Perfectly fine.   I am not  in line with the rave reviews but overall  I liked it.
5	Amazing place. Stopped in for lunch and a brew.  Service was fantastic, food even better. We had the Guiness Stew, Reuben, and Meatloaf on a Bun. Washed it down with some Kilkennys Irish Cream Ale. Food was authentic and reasonably priced for huge portions. Manager stops by the talk to customers. Breakfast menu and live music also.
5	What a fun Irish Pub. Great food (Had breakfast the next morning). Great staff and a great band; not your typical Irish group. Beer and drink prices were reasonable, especially for the STRIP. Outstanding Irish coffee.
5	This place was a great find thanks to Yelp!Everyone in our party enjoyed themselves so much here, we went back for a second time in our 4 day stay from out of town. The atmosphere is awesome, great servers, great band and reasonable prices, a great find in the Las Vegas strip area.We made a reservation both times so we were seated almost immediately on both visits.The menu had a good selection of food and beer, even a lengthy section of imports. The food is what really stands out here. On the first visit I had a lamb burger with rosemary and a side of sweet potato chips. I must say these were the BEST sweet potato fries/chips I've ever had! Second visit I had a sandwich which was also very good, again with a side of sweet potato chips. Not one person out of our 5 party table had any complaints about the food, drinks or service.If you are on the fence about going here take my advice, along with the many other positive reviews and check this place out!!
5	loved the dubliner burger DELISH....and a pint of guiness cant ask for more...my boyfriend and i cant wait to go back....next time im gonna try the sheppards pie!!!! this will be on my A list of places to eat at when im in vegas
5	Everything I've ever tried here is awesome.    I especially liked the Reuben and the onion rings.
4	This place is located between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor.  I have a fond memory from a previous visit so this is a bit in comparison to that previous experience.This time we were seated further back which had some plus and minus'.  The seating in the back area is quieter since there was no live music playing in this area but this also seems to be where the group seating normally is. The table we sat at was wobbly and attempts to correct it had previously failed as evidenced by the wadded napkins and other things at the base.  I preferred sitting closer to the entrance and will request that for future visits.  The mid section is where the music is playing and if you're going to eat I'd probably skip, its a better spot for drinks and the music.  The food is what really stands out for me at this pub.  They have a really good, thick, Guinness stew that I really enjoyed and comes with some mashed potato on top.  They serve it with some Irish bread and butter which altogether hits the spot.  The food seems to have stayed consistent over the years which I really like that, that is dependable.I didn't see it on the menu and frankly I didn't ask but in the past they had a whiskey sampler I didn't see this time that I would have liked to have tried again.  The single most off putting part of my experience is that the place seems like it needs a fresh coat of paint.  The back area felt run down.  I liked that it was quieter and made for a better overall dinning experience but the tables need some help and the chairs replaced.  I think they should rethink the flow so they can have their dinning areas and "party" areas separated a little more.  The chairs where we sat were pretty uncomfortable and from the bargain area...maybe some customers get out of control so they don't want decent chairs but separating the areas might help if that was an issue.
4	I don't like giving 5's, so a 4, nice to have a Guinness, and a Guinness stew. Wife had a Sheppard's pie and was happy. Should use real mash potatoes. Servings on the large size. The fish and chips could help feed the 5000. For Vegas not bad value. Good selection of beers.
5	I'd say that this is the second-best Irish pub in Vegas, which is not to say that it's anything other than a great place to dine, drink, and have a bit of craic (which, incidentally, is the Irish word for fun, enjoyment, and fellowship). The only place I found that beat it out is McMullan's, a free-standing joint near the Orleans Hotel & Casino a bit west of the strip on Tropicana. This one beat Nine Fine Irishmen in the New York New York for the number 2 spot on my list.The food is fantastic, the ambience is spot-on, and although the place is a smaller than the Nine Fine Irishmen, it has a more authentic feel to it (especially since you can sit at the bar and be within arm's reach of the stage).The service is top-notch, and we were well-taken-care-of during all our visits. The bartenders and servers are always on top of whether you might need another pint, and willing to offer their own suggestions of what to try next.They have a surprising number of different libations available, from the ubiquitous Guinness, Smithwick's and Harp on tap to a variety of different Irish ciders I'd never even heard of in bottles. I was very glad to try some new things to compliment old favorites, and I can't recommend asking what special offerings they currently feature enough. Try something new. Live a little, and enjoy the craic.I was really surprised one night when we popped in for a pint that Derek Warfield and the Young Wolfe Tones were playing. "Live Music" is all the sign said, and I about fell off my bar stool when I saw who it was. I was a little miffed that they hadn't really advertised his presence, though I found out that not a lot of people who had come in for "live Irish music" that night knew, either, so I suppose that their target demographic isn't the most knowledgeable about Irish music. I can't really complain because I got to see them play on a lark without a huge thronging crowd getting in the way, so I'll definitely drop in for a pint again when I come back through town.
5	Excellent service! Good Irish good, not to Americanized. Great choice of beers and its next door to the Guinness store! Highly recommend
4	Pint of Guinness & Beef and Guinness Stew.  Say no more. Delicious. Tables on both sides commented that it was very rich but I found it absolutely delicious. Great atmosphere for friends, a couple, or a group. Enjoy!!!
5	What a great authentic Irish Pub!  We were in Vegas for a surprise birthday party for my boyfriend.  I had been working with the management and staff for a few months to pull  off dinner for 16 and I was not disappointed with either the restaurant  or the staff..   The bar, originally  from Ireland, had been restored and transplanted iin The Mandalay Bay Hotel lock, stock, and dark wooded paneling for it's authenticity.  There was definitely  a pub feel and our bartender had an Irish brogue that was the real deal.   It made me feel like I could sit at the bar with a pint and chill with friends,  but I digress.  We had a long table in the back next to the stage which was the perfect set up for the surprise party.  The staff was incredible and went out of their was to accommodate  our group.  If I could have had 20 people there was a really cool side room that we could have taken  over but that was not to be.  Flights and drinks were consumed and laughs, as well as a few tears of happiness were she'd throughout the evening.   Our server,  whose name I cannot remember for the life of me (blonde gal, Virginia/Shannon...forgive me, it was late) was on top of her game!  I ordered the prime rib and it was fantabulous!  The meat was cooked to perfection, the green beans had just the right hint of garlic, and the potatoes were yummy as well!  Everyone's  food was spot on and I doubt that anyone would be disappointed  with anything  on the menu.I had a specialty cake made for the evening (thank you CAKE Bakeshop in Manhattan Beach, Ca) that was incredible.   The staff graciously  offered to cut and serve the cake as well, even though they did not provide the dessert...what a great group of people!Did I mention that there is a small stage and an Irish  duo plays most nights?  Entertainment,  food, and drinks...we couldn't  go wrong!  Ending the night listening to the lilting sounds of an Irish melody was the proverbial icing on the cake!We had a great time and will definitely  go back again for a meal, or a pint!
4	After driving 5 hours at night to Vegas, we just wanted to eat and drink and then go to bed. The fish and chips were delicious and the place itself was a fun restaurant to stop by. The live band was entertaining and we wished they had stayed later. The bartender provided great service. We were so glad that we stopped by!
5	Amazing! My table had ordered shepherds pie, bangers and mash, and corned beef. All amazingly delicious in their own way. The have a wide variety of beer, at night they had  a band perform. I especially LOVE LOVE LOVE the scotch deviled eggs! Oh they were sooo good you have no idea! Crispie on the outside and soft aromatic filling!
5	I love this restaurant! Everything we ordered were amazing! We ordered roast chicken, it was perfectly cooked and very juicy, the bread pudding at the bottom was delicious. And chicken wings with Jameson honey glaze were great too, tons of meat in there. And pub burger is very yummy, much better than the burger in Burger Bar in our opinion.Plus live music, we love the singer that night, had to tip him! Amazing service!What more do you need?! ;)
1	How many employees does it take to answer a question? Lol this place was a joke.  The 'ol bait and switch is alive and well with this place.  All kinds of specials on the website that don't exist once you come in.  Everyone from the host to the bartender to the busboy to the damn cook all seemed like they hated their jobs and didn't give a #uck!
5	This place is outstanding.   The Guinness stew and fish and chips is the Brest I have ever had.  The server is from Dublin and makes the day.  Best Irish pub in Vegas. .
5	One of the best pubs on the strip! This is a great place to go if you want to throw back a couple of pints, eat great food, and be entertained. We enjoyed both a Stella Artois and Guinness Blonde...both were on tap. The bartenders were friendly and from Ireland! Really gives you that Irish charm. If you like whiskey, they have a Tour of Ireland  for only $16. Prices are decent, and a bit cheaper than drinking in a casino. Perfect for pre-gaming. The food, oh my, is excellent! We had the pub-favorite fish-n-chips, Guinness Beef stew, and shepherd's pie. Good size portions...kept me full all night long! Our server was very friendly and served us quickly, despite the fact that it's NYE week (so it's crowded here on the strip!) I ordered the fish-n-chips, so I'm going to highly recommend this entree. There's live entertainment after 8 pm...plus TVs throughout the pub for sports. The ambiance is of a traditional Irish pub. I heard they bought this pub from Ireland, took it apart, and reassembled it here in Vegas. Authentic!So, overall, I highly recommend this pub for good eats and drinks before hitting the casino floor!
4	We just spotted this bar randomly and went in for a quick bite and drink. We ordered Irish coffees and some Margaritas. Of course, Irish coffees were real good and margaritas were okay. Of all the dishes we ordered, Lamb lollipops were the best, then Fish and chips and then finally tender chicken bites. Nice decor. There was live music. But we couldn't get a table near the stage. We were just able to listen from where we were seated.
5	Great food and ambiance.  Truly amazing live musicians!   Come here for happy hour.  All apps are 1/2 priced.  We tried the wings and sausage bread.  Both were great. The mussels looked really good as well.   We came back for dinner and got the Ruben sandwich with curry fries, and the burger with cauliflower gratin.  Yum!  Wide range of Whiskeys and beers.  Great lounge are for larger groups.
