4	After a previous not-so-good experience here, I avoided this restaurant. Today, my family was going there so I tagged along. Ordered the tuna, blue, and it was pretty close to it. Very tasty, the sauce was nice, rice well cooked, and a ton of vegetables. I left pretty pleased.Good recovery, Elixor. I'll have to consider you again.
4	Great food. Love the Pad Thai! only thing I recommend not getting is their margaritas. Other than that everything else I have had there is awesome. including amazing cheesecake!
4	You really get a good bang for your dollar here. I was very surpised that I was there on valentine's night and it was mostly empty. I didn't get what I ordered because they ran out, but the manager discounted my check for the trouble. I highly recommend the creme brulee and the salmon. I'm a big fan of sangiovese and they had it for 8 dollars a glass. I'm not suggesting its a good place to take the kiddos because the portions are gigantic. And, like most other places I ate while in CA, we waited a very long time for our food.
2	We had made reservations for 8pm on a Saturday night for a girls' night. We got there at 8, and waited until 8:45 when we were finally seated. The hostess was cold and offered a simple "sorry" for our ridiculous wait. We weren't offered any sort of compensation (i.e. comp'd drinks or free dessert), which was pretty poor customer service.The place is decently decorated; it's made to look nice and grand, but I feel that the style they're going for isn't carried throughout their menu and staff style. The staff look like they work at Best Buy with their khakis with an apron. Our waiter was pretty nice though, which helped a little after our wait. We ordered libations and then our meals. I ordered the Spicy Thai Beef Tenderloin Salad, and asked for my met medium rare. When it came out, what I thought would be small strips of steak, turned out to be two skewers with ginormous chunks of beef. I was disappointed because although the beef was well seasoned, it came out rare (i.e. seared on each side and slid onto the skewer), and the meat was tough. The flavouring in the salad was decent, but quite frankly it's nothing to write home about. I was hoping dessert would be better because they are known for their cheesecake. That being said, I shared the brownie with ice cream with one of my girlfriends (it had been tempting us while we were waiting to be seated). One of the biggest underwhelm-ments (I know, that's not a word). The brownie was more walnut than chocolate, and the flavouring was off. All in all, I wasn't terribly impressed. I wouldn't recommend it to the next person.And if you do decide to go, don't bother with reservations; they sure aren't respected!
3	Worth the trip, nice patio and extensive cocktail list.  Food was good also, this place has a really large menu and prices are average.
1	Revolting.I took my wife here for her birthday. She ordered the Grande Mexican Burrito. The dish looked delicious... but the first bite revealed a rubber band. We immediately went to the manager. His response? "it must have fallen in from somewhere. It happens. What do you want me to say." He then asked if she wanted another one. We said no then he grabbed the plate from my wife's hands and threw it, the fork and knife in the garbage and walked away. Not even an apology. Chewing on a rubber band that was wrapped up in your burrito: Disgusting. To be treated the way we were by the MANAGER?! Appalling.
5	This is one of our go-to places because the menu is extensive (hubby & I don't always agree on what we want) so this menu always pleases us. My fav so far is the beef Thai salad ... So huge with two huge brochettes of beef & the dressing is yummy.  The other salads are great. Had several of the soup of the days which were also awesome.  Quesadilla are good, burrito yummy & burgers one of the best on the west island. Don't forget the sweet potato fries!!!
3	Located in the heart of West Island, Elixor is a restaurant I feel that is trying to do too much at the same time. We were promptly seated as soon as we got in for a late lunch. When we looked at the menu, the first thing we noticed is just how large it was. It goes from fish to sandwiches, from pasta to grill (It was all over the place). Price wise for lunch though, it was okay. I got baby back ribs with soup and desert. Service was very friendly and food came out at a good pace. Soup was creamy and flavorful. Ribs were slightly too charred and dry. Coleslaw was decent. My mashed potatoes was alright even though it was slightly lumpy. My group also had similar experiences: okay but could be better. Dessert was a chocolate cake. Again, it was good but it could have been better. Overall, I do not think Elixor is a bad place. However, they make some simple mistakes that if  they had more focus and reduced the menu, I am sure that their quality would improve greatly.
