3	***Chase Field's main concession stand Double Headers features a value menu that includes hot dogs, corn dogs and popcorn for $1.50 each; the concessions here are similar to what you will find at any other stadium, but the lower prices are refreshing***Double Headers is the main concession stand at Chase Field.  They have multiple locations all throughout the stadium, which make them very easy to find.  They serve the traditional baseball stadium food like hot dogs, french fries and popcorn.  There are some items that are only available at some of the Double Headers stands though (like the nachos).  I am not sure, but I think some of the Double Headers also sell a foot-long corn dog.Double Headers does provide one big advantage over many arena/stadium concessions stands.  They have a value menu that features items like hot dogs, corn dogs and popcorn for $1.50 each.  We went with the popcorn and it was okay.  It was not super light or super fresh, but it was perfectly serviceable.  It was a decent size too.  That size of popcorn would probably run about $4 at a movie theater concessions stand.We also went with the nachos, which were corn tortilla chips topped with jalapenos and a side of melted nacho cheese.  The chips were the kind of hearty gold tortilla chips that you would get from a grocery store.  They were crunchy, but they were not the freshest chips.The jalapenos were good and the nacho cheese here was better than what you would find at most arenas/stadiums.  The nacho cheese had a little bit of spice and heat to it.  That is rare for stadium cheese dips.  Usually, stadium cheese dips are very bland.Service was fine.I like trying more city/team-specific concessions when visiting a new stadium and there is a good number of them at Chase Field (local chains like Macayo's and Streets of New York pizza).  Double Headers, on the other hand, is very run-of-the-mill concessions.  Still, the value menu here makes Double Headers a good option if you are a stadium regular or are looking to get some food without having to spend too much money.
4	Gotta love a place at any stadium across the country that charges only $1.50 for hotdogs, corn dogs, soda, and more.  The Value Menu is where it's at! Sure they are smaller, but get 2 hotdogs for $3.  Shit, get 3 hotdogs for $4.50! Still an amazing deal for a baseball game.
5	FANTASTIC value menu! 1.50 regular hot dogs, cot dogs, pop, and tiny bag of popcorn! I love this place. It makes coming to a game affordable. So affordable I can see 15+ games a year:) thank you double headers & diamondback organization
