4	i go here often. this is one of the largest of all chinese buffets as far as selection.  the prices are reasonable, on the cheaper end. i always have good food here. it's not a fancy place and some of the booths have tears. they do have a couple tvs so if you want to catch and news or a game you can watch it while eating. i think this is an A+ for large variety. the servers are always quick.
1	EW, this place stinks! Literally I don't know what the funk that smell was but it gagged me at the door. I decided to check out the buffet. It looked a mess. Most dishes were overcooked. The Mongolian BBQ had raw beef, chicken, pork and fish sitting out in what I would call a salad bar. The meat looked old and the beef was starting to turn. It wasn't even covered yuck! I decided I did not want to spend the night in the ER having my stomach pumped so I left. This is a scary place enter at you own risk. My taste-buds were spared the torture, I went to Famous Sam's and had some wings!
4	You know how sometimes you're in the mood for a 1-Star buffet?  Maybe it's just me.  Ok, it IS just me.  The net of 3 Yelpie reviews is 67% 1-Star ratings for this place, so where are my keys?Expecting the worst & nearly petrified, I lurched in through the door.  Amazingly, this big place was nice inside, & I was greeted by a friendly hostess!The Won Ton Soup, good!  The Hot & Sour Soup, a little mild for my taste but good, & I liked the medium-sized china soup bowls...  Salad, good.   Then it was on to the Mongolian Barbecue, featuring beef, chicken, pork, & shrimp, & a staffer helped me select from all the sauces & so on you could add in, to end up with it tasty & a little on the spicy side.  It came out delicious!Besides the Mongolian Barbecue, there were 65 trays of food, & I liked everything I had, especially the Honey Chicken & the boneless Spare Ribs.  The ice cream was good, too, & the table service was friendly & attentive.The worst I can come up with for my "Number 100 Review" here is that some of the window blinds looked like my cat got to them!  With that said, sorry folks, I like this place!Weekday Lunch: $6.45, $5.80 SeniorWeekends & Dinner:  $8.29, $7.46 Senior
3	OK... so not the best buffet I've ever been to, and certainly not the worst. Honestly, this place didn't really seem that big, but once you get inside there is a wide open space with lots of seating. You can tell this place has a lot of mileage - everything from the building to the decor and TVs are pretty old. But the people here are nice and they seem to have a steady crowd that come here often.The couple times I've come here for lunch, the food was fresh and hot and the stations were clean - so no complaints there. For under $8, not that bad a place for a lunch buffet.
3	I've wanted to try this buffet for a long time, since it's close to where I live and I pass by it all the time. Got my chance today, and was it worth the visit? Well, I did enjoy my meal but It wasn't something to write home about, either. I would say it's a moderately good Chinese buffet, not great. Some of  the dishes were just OK, some were good, a few were great. Recommended dishes: their fried chicken (just lightly flour-dredged, not thickly battered, and very tasty), the Singapore rice noodles, and the shrimp dishes. Other dishes, including dessert, were about typical for a  large Chinese buffet restaurant.  The restaurant is very spacious and the servers were very friendly. My meal here was not spectacular, but pleasant and satisfying enough.
4	Love the salad and cake bar
4	What makes this americhino boofay different from all the rest? Nothing.It's just got decent quality consistency in the food.  Most of the service is also of a decent quality.  The variety is quite good for the price.  With mongollian grill included, your choices are just as much as at the super buffets, but a few bucks less out of pocket.  They've got a great coupon where weekday lunch between 2-3pm is only $3.99 drink included!
1	WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER! I GOT SHRIMP A LA PUBE HAIR. So I just left this roach motel and I am sick so I am letting people know. I went there because my co-worker heard it was ok. Unfortunately for me I paid before eating so the chairs all have holes in them and the place looks creepy and no one, and I do mean no one, speaks English, which would not have been a problem  had not pulled hair from my food! I had not eaten very much when I asked for the manager, who I now refer to as, "Chow Mein". She was the rudest monster I have ever seen, and I watch horror films. Chow Mein screamed at me in Chinese and refused to do anything. Unfortunately, since I had paid already ofcourse she would not give me back my money or do anything to make up for the fact that her hair was in my food. All she did was scream at me. The waitress even told her that I did not eat and was there to witness me pull the hair from my food and Chow Mein was mad at the waitress for admitting it was in my food. Needless to say I urge you to eat anywhere else but here! i am sick and I may leave work early because my stomach is so upset.
3	I think it's a shame the way people were bashing this place 2 years & 4 months ago when I last reported on it, & still now!  Mike C. & I were in today for the Lunch Buffet & here's how it was GOOD AGAIN:*  They are now up to 96 food items, plus sauces & dressings!*  The Hot & Sour Soup that I wasn't crazy about last time is a new recipe & it's good!*  Everything was good, especially the Honey Chicken, the boneless spare ribs, & the Mongolian BBQ featuring 4 meats was a treat at this price point.The staff was friendly, everything was the right temperature & the blinds were still a mess (but I didn't come here to eat the blinds!).  It's down to a high 3 Stars from 4 only because I grade the Buffets more strictly now than I did 2 years ago (& I just got back from Vegas...  OMG!!.)  Anyhow, I still say  this place is TOTALLY A-OK!!     :-))Lunch Buffet:  Weekdays $6.69/$6.02 Sr, Saturday & Sunday $8.49/$7.64 & they open at 10 AM daily.
4	This place Is not as a good as a lot of the the Chinese super buffets but  they had 90+ items and everything I ate was good. All the food was was at the right temp. and the service was fast and friendly. This place gets way to many bad reviews so I am giving them 4 stars instead of a high 3 just to help them out.This is a buffet I would return to. So yes I am a fan.(chinese donuts real good).
1	DONT EAT HERE! I use to rave about this place but after today I will NEVER eat here again! COCKROACHES!!! I couldn't believe my eyes, I walked up to get a plate of food and what did I see...Yes a cockroach on the food counter!!! I couldn't get out of there fast enough...Enough Said!
4	Sure the place wasn't very modern or the table or chairs in perfect condition but this place had decent food.  Everything was very fresh and cooked perfectly.  I had a coupon so I decided to try it.  I'm glad I did.  I've been looking for a decent Chinese place and this is it.  I think it's the best so far in N. Phx.  I tried a bit of everything and nothing tasted bad or was cooked bad..  I will definitely go again.  It beats most Chinese places in this area hands down.
2	I thought I'd try this place out again since it was pretty good the first time around.  This time I was pretty disappointing.  Last time I went it was after 12 noon.  This time I came in just after 11am.  What a difference an hour makes.  Almost all of the food wasn't hot at all.  Fries, wings and some of the other stuff was cold.  Some of the other was lukewarm.  I'm not an expert by any means but food has to stay at a certain temp to keep from making you sick.  I had my first plate and was very hesitant to go back for more.  I waited until the kitchen guys brought out the fresh hot food before trying anything else.  The place opens at 10am so there's plenty of time to get the warmers going.  If they don't fix it and continue to serve food that temp than someone will get sick.
3	The food is okay but the selection of food has dwindled.  However, the location is perfect and when you want to stuff your face this is the place for a great price.
1	Average food, average service.  Bathroom was NOT okay.  My main problem with this place came less than 30 seconds after walking in the door.  Walked to the counter and paid for 3 people ($8.69 each)... gave the guy $40 for a $28.46 bill and he tried to give me $1 something in change... when I pointed out I gave him two $20's he denied it claiming there was only 1 $20 bill in the drawer and I gave him a $20 and a $10.  I happen to know for a fact I gave him 2 $20s because I didn't have a $10 in my wallet... had just done my budget and checked my money right before going there!  Also for a place that charges $8.69 per person and there was a lot of people there somehow the claim that there was only 1 $20 bill in the drawer seemed a far fetch.  Not wanting to make a big deal of it I told the manager but said "Just so you know I don't want to make a big deal but you might want to keep an eye out on the cashier".  I wasn't trying to get a free meal or any crap like that... just thought they should know he's ripping off customers.  Now here's the kicker... the manager goes over to "check the video", comes back and says "There was only 1 $20 bill in the drawer".  Okay... THAT is too much of a coincidence that she used the exact same words as the cashier... idk if she was in on the rip off scam, just asked him and repeated what she said or what but seriously I'll never go back again and will tell my friends not to go there!
1	I went here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  The place was somewhat busy which is good to see.  What I did not like to see was hair in my food.  When I was trying to explain it to the employees there I got no where as they do not understand English very well.  I have not been back since then.  I advise anyone who chooses to patronize this establishment to look very carefully at the food you select.
1	We arrived an hour before close and there was barely anything left. Everything else was Luke warm and just tasted old and gross.  Pretty much a waste of money.
4	Cheap, nobody bugs you, its what you expect from an Asian buffet. Pretty simple layout. Not super clean. You'll probably be pooping later. And yes they have cool place mats that tell you what your personality is.
1	Within an hour of being home after eating there, the three of us had food poisoning and got SO sick!  Never eat there!  Horrible!
1	UGGGHH ~ DON'T do it!!! I really wanted 2 like this place but it's not a 'Gr8' anything except @ giving violent lengthy sessions praying 2 the porcelain gods as a result of giving them a try (a gamble I was pretty quickly sorry 4 having taken if it weren't 4 my lunch companion's insistence).   I wasn't expecting much & everything I tried seemed 2 b @ the right temp & most items ranged from decent-good tasting, but 15 min8es in I fell ill w/ severe pain & loud thunderous disapproval stemming from my extremely unhappy stomach. Not sure exactly what the culprit(s) were, but I noticed the lo mein noodles were far greasier than they looked present8ion~wise b4 being on my pl8. I also had some green beans & mixed veggie dishes in addition 2 some EFY, couple bites of an imit8ion crab looking casserole, & a couple Crab Puffs w/ the red sweet n sour sauce. Whatever disagreed w/ me certainly gave me a 'sour' stomach & such painful forceful heaving that I thought I'd literally c my guts coming up any moment as I felt pretty much turned inside~out.   I wasn't intending 2 visit their restrooms as I have a gr8 disdain 4 public 1s (which turned out 2 b a 'case~in~point' why) but it was either that, or lose it all @ the table. If u need 2 throw up, the condition of the bathrooms or even on ur way 2 them will easily push u over the edge (not that I needed it as I barely got there w/o cre8ing a spectacle as it was). Funky rancid stench & stepped on fortune cookies etc carelessly left in ur path on ur way there as u pass kitchen/janitorial workers who r 2 busy hanging around the soda fountain thinking it's a QT.  Do urself, ur body & health a favor of skipping this place. I've never been so sorry as I was yesterday 2 give the benefit of the doubt 2 an establishment  by unknowingly risking myself in the process. I guess it coulda been worse = by spending full amount instead of the discounted price (thx 2 a coupon) 2 get an instant case of food poisoning. I wouldn't wish this on any1 & this has got 2 b the most Excruci8ing bout I've ever encountered ~ & I've experienced a couple b4!! Service was ok, interior outd8ed & in desper8 need of an upgrade (esp the latrines which were equivalent 2 rest~stop bathrooms @ best)!!   Well, can't say I didn't give them a shot but take heed, ur better off not giving them the same chance I gave 2 prove I shoulda been more cautious about the neg8ives st8ed in previous reviews....... This is a case of shoulda stuck w/ my 'gut' so I could keep mine, instead of being talked in2 something against my better judgement..... ;-(
2	The only reason I gave it two stars was because the food was edible. Wasn't tasty and it wasn't horrible. Good customer service but it does not make up for the food.
