4	Parkway is down home country goodness with some of the friendliest folk in Charlotte / Concord!
4	Friendly staff. Great selection of foods, from healthy to good ole southern cookin. Love it. I went to the one on Union St.
2	I really wish we could do half stars; I would rate my visit 2.5. I went alone for lunch, walked in and waited a couple of minutes, then sat down at the entrance. Finally a girl came out and asked if I needed something. I wanted to say yeah, a table, but instead asked if I should seat myself. She said yes and handed me a menu. I guess the regulars know this, but a sign would have been nice. I ordered the country style steak with fried squash and stewed okra and tomatoes. The steak was ok, but the gravy tasted canned. The squash reminded me of squash I used to get from a Bi-Lo deli when I worked nearby. It was heavily breaded and I prefer fried squash thin and lightly breaded, but it was the best part of the meal (besides the roll) so I finished it. The okra was a big disappointment. I expected it to be more tomatoey and stewey I guess, rather than a bowl of okra with a chunk or two of tomato. It was extremely under seasoned, if seasoned at all. At least the okra wasn't slimy. The roll was amazing and the cornbread was good enough to eat. I tried to signal I was done by putting my napkin in my plate and playing on my phone, but my waitress walked right by me and sat down talking to some regulars. I wasn't annoyed by this until it lasted more than 5 minutes.Even though I ate enough to not be hungry, I had to fight the urge to stop and get something else on the way home.
4	This place has a wide variety of food, enough for everyone's tastes really.  We went in on a Saturday morning, the place was pretty busy but we got a table fairly quickly. The food I had was good. Basic omelet with cheddar and some hash browns. My friend had grits which she said were yummy. I will take her word for it. NOOOO thank you!!  She had some eggs too, said everything was good on her end too!The biscuits were yummy. Seriously. Not dry like they can be sometimes. Melt in your mouth goodness really. I noticed there was an ant crawling in my basket of butter/jelly and mentioned it to my waitress - I almost still ate the biscuit that was in the basket but the waitress was apparently more awake than I was & she stopped me! Brought me out another basket of butter/jelly & a biscuit quickly. I wouldn't have minded an extra free biscuit as an apology but nope. Just 1 for me. I was too full to eat more but would have gladly saved it for later!! :)Our waitress was very friendly. Unfortunately we overheard another waitress being a bit rude to a nearby table & my friend overheard her say something she thought was racist. Thankfully she wasn't our server. We weren't 100% sure on what she said so we didn't mention anything but my friend was about to tell her off when we were leaving. Prices were fairly cheap, food was good.  A good place to eat if you are in the area!
4	It is a good southern cooking restaurant with a wide variety of food.  Everything from wings, pizza, subs, salads (the summer salad is my favorite with chicken salad), variety of veggies, fresh daily specials.  Something for everyone if you are looking for a family friendly place.  It is not a fine dining restaurant so is rated for the type of restaurant that it is.  The daily specials are very good, especially like the country style steak, lasagna, and chicken n dumplings.  Service is so so, but again this is just a great home cookin family style restaurant.  We order take out or eat in at least 2-3 times a month.
5	Love this place!! Friendly staff & good food cheap!! We found this place while in Charlotte for a dirt race at the speedway..... I'm sure when NASCAR is in town that this place is full all the time. My picky brother even likes this place, and, he hates to spend money!!
1	Simply put, the standards have gone down! Greasey spoon is a good descriptor. Place is dirty and management has given up. Just look at the grime on the chair backs. Even the waitress agreed the food was sub standard and she was embarasssed by it.Prices are low and should be!
4	Food is great here!  Different vegetables everyday which as a weight watcher fan that is important.
5	Just went to Parkway House for the first time this weekend and boy was it good! I got the penne pasta with creamy tomato sauce and it was delicious, as was the salad that came with it. Everything here is made to order and you can definitely tell by the quality. I was too stuffed to have dessert but they have some of the best looking pies! And the servers are extremely friendly and attentive - our drinks never came close to being empty. Can't wait to try out one of their other locations!
5	First of all, I was surprised after reading the reviews to realize that this page covers ALL the Parkway House Restaurants in the Concord/Cabarrus County area.  I personally am only familiar with the one on South Union St, right outside of downtown Concord.My husband and I have been eating their regularly since they opened, several years ago!  The food is always excellent, the service friendly, and the variety incredible!  I usually get one of their salads, and they do not disappoint....huge salad with ALL THE FIXINGS!!   Occasionally, I will splurge on their seafood....considering I do not eat a lot of fried seafood, and try to save it for a special occasion, imagine my surprise when I discovered that a local restaurant that doesn't even special in seafood has the BEST FRIED SEAFOOD in town!!  Perfectly cooked, perfect batter, homemade cocktail and tartar sauce....it just doesn't get any better....My husband is more traditional, so he loves that they have nightly "home-cooking" specials, and they are always delicious as well.  Can you tell we love that place....our favorite place to eat out casually in Concord!!
5	I have been going to Parkway House since I was six years old (now 19).  I've always been a fan, but I've just begun to notice how well executed everything is.  I am a culinary student who has worked in all kinds of fine dining restaurants including Bistro la Bon, Firewater Restaurant and Lounge, and Walt Disney World's famous Hollywood Brown Derby.  I love nothing more than a big night out uptown with my girlfriend at a restaurant Uptown but sometimes you just need a big juicy burger with fried pickles on top. I love Parkway.  I see people on Yelp and other review websites complain about presentation and the fact that there isn't a sign that says seat yourself.  They don't put up a sign because they would prefer a friendly greeting, and for Christ's sake it's a diner not The French Laundry. If you want your food to look like it came out of a magazine, spend your whole paycheck on a two ounce steak and a spoonful of potatoes Uptown, but if you want good food that is quickly prepared in a safe, clean kitchen without breaking the bank, this is the place to be.
5	Order the fried squash "crispy"...it's great. Salads are fresh green leaf with cuke and cherry tomatoes, not a bowl of iceberg shreds.  We also love the vegetable soup and all of the homestyle vegetables.
4	Food is wonderful, nice size portions for a fair price.  Hot foods are served piping hot and salad was a little too chilled for my liking.  Dessert looked wonderful but too full it eat any.  Staff is super efficient and friendly.
