5	super nice girls working there..great prices..fast service..drop off b4 10 and get it back after 4 next day..and its the cheapest cleaner in town
4	Quick, friendly service. Thank You
5	Del Rey Cleaners are AWESOME!  When we moved to the area some years ago, we tried all the different dry cleaners around.  What we realized is just because you pay more for service, it is not necessarily better service!  Del Rey makes it so affordable we take a lot of our stuff to them and let them launder and press them (I can put away the iron and ironing board!).  The folks there are also great!  Very friendly and efficient.  They are not perfect, they have lost and misplaced some of our stuff, but they were quick to reimburse us for it and eventually found some of the stuff they misplaced.  We understand that.  Highly recommended!
5	Best service and best price I've had with dry cleaners. Will use them exclusively.
5	Awesome service, Audrey is the best! Love the rices and coupons
4	Great prices, quality service, friendly employees. Laundry services are good too! Always pressed and ironed nicely. "Heavy Starch" is more "medium", but that's a subjective issue. Use them regularly.
1	Today is the third time our dry cleaning has not arrived over night as it is promised and paid.  When they went green there were signs and emails sent out how there would be no service interruption however it happened two weeks in a row.  Today My laundry is not there, though it was supposed to be in yesterday as I dropped this off Wednesday at 7:45am.  Someone clearly did not enter it and get it on the truck as the receipt shows 5:07 PM.  I have a recycle bag that you drop off at the counter they charge your account and all is well in the world.  However, They charged my account all before 10:00 am but didn't process my garments. Ever since they have changed over there staff we have had one incident after another. Their laundry service has ruined two of our shirts and it took them sending it back and arguing for two weeks before they finally decide to issue a claim. Then when the store owner gets involved the shirt miraculous comes back clean. We have had to return poorly pressed items multiple times. Its extremely frustrating when no one takes ownership for the mistakes time and time again. We spend a lot of money here every week but today will be our last pickup. NO savings is worth the worry of are we even going to get our garments back.
1	HelloDropped off my daughters comforter on 11/29 for cleaning. I signed a waiver, that I was fine with. I am a weekly customer. I stop by usually every saturday, and have been checking on this comforter, but your employees said its "coming".Today they could not find it, so they called the main office. It was never cleaned and you have had it for 16 days, AND NOT EVEN A PHONE CALL.I wrapped it in two large garbage bags. They brought it to the front today, the bag was torn, and dropped it on the floor of the front area. I asked if they could cover it, and they declined. What I felt was very disgusting ,,,,,,,,, was after they dropped it off on the floor, they really thought it was funny. The female apologized, but smirked. The male chuckled. customer service   ??????????
4	Because I have a problem named J.Crew, I have a lot of pieces that need the high maintenance love and care that only a dry cleaner can provide. My friend recommended Del Rey to me and since it's close to where we live, it was kind of a no brainer.It's your typical no frills dry cleaner. All of the staff I've met have been friendly and nice and I always hear them reminding people about double coupon day (which is on Wednesdays-sign up for the e-mails). What I like about this place is that they're eco-friendly-I'm not 100% sure what that means for a dry cleaner but they're really proud of it. It might be why my pants felt 10x softer when I got them back from here. Seriously, these pants hadn't been that soft since I first got them, so the solvent they use must be extra gentle. No clue, but I love it. It is hard to find in the complex-it's in the same lot off of McKellips and Power with the Dunkin Donuts, Home Depot, and Michaels. It's tucked into the northwest corner of the complex next to the nail salon.There are a few staples that you need as a working professional and a good dry cleaner is one of them. I'm glad I found mine!
1	I have been using this place for about 2 years.  I usually bring about 10-20 pieces of clothing a week.  Unfortunately, they have issues with their laundry.  I had a dry cleaning only shirt put in the laundry and it had stains all over it.  I also had some burn marks on my shirts.   It was a mess trying to deal with the owner.  He seems to be too busy to deal with the guests or even return their messages.  I ended up taking my laundry over to another company and will be soon moving my dry cleaning as I don't feel anyone who is too busy to acknowledge a guest should continue to receive my money.
4	Del Rey on McKellips did fine work on my dry cleaning order. I will recommend them to friends & family. The clothing didn't have the horrible smell from the process, and they were actually clean! Very cheerful business - I like them a lot ! Good prices too.
1	It keeps getting worse! I finally stopped using them because they have four times been to lazy to put my dry cleaning and laundry on the truck by 1000 am even though it's always dropped off in advance of their cut off time. My husband needed his shirts so I decided to give them another try. SHOCKER!!!!! The lazy people they have working there who are to busy on their phones couldn't be bothered with processing our clothes on time. All you get is a smirk from these people. I have never seen such poor customer service ever! They sure take your money quickly but that's all they do. Never again!! The owner refuses to return calls and doesn't care about customers at all! Good luck if you ever use them! If you do get your clothes in time check for poor pressing, burn marks and ripped shirts near the buttons horrible!
2	I've been using this cleaner weekly since I moved here about 7 years ago. Used to be great and they had fun and friendly people working there. They did an ok job ( shirt collars are never pressed well) and I kept returning because it was convenient, the price was fair and the people were great. I've always had a problem getting a center crease in my jeans despite telling them each time when dropping them off. They always said it would absolutely be done since they put in a a little sticker that says "center crease". Every week it would be a 50-50 chance that it was done correctly. But EVERY time I needed them for a trip the next day there was no center crease. Not sure the people doing the laundry actually read the stickers. They always redid them without balking but it's always been a real pain in the a**. Last time was the last straw. I was going on vacation and sure enough, 8 pairs of jeans I brought in were not center creased. I asked to speak with the manager, Larry, but he was on vacation. I took 4 home and repressed them myself and had them redo the others for pick up on my return. By the way, they destroyed a Blue blazer I recently purchased at Nordstrom. Not sure what happened to the fabric but it became full of small wrinkles that could never be fixed at another cleaners so I tossed it out. I haven't seen a friendly face there in the last year. All are young people who seem to be doing this more as a court sentence than as a job. I would be ok with paying a little more for better quality and caring, friendlier service! Maybe a little more time and effort into hiring. I truly would love to see this local business succeed!
