5	this Fridays took the place of the coffee shop at Sam's town . they have specials on food and a great happy hour. bartenders do tricks while making drinks. you can eat in or at the bar .
3	Upon viewing the new menu, I was happy to see that pan-seared Pot Stickers have returned as an appetizer at the TGI Friday's at Sam's Town. My wife and I received a good greeting upon our arrival, and all restaurant employees we encountered were very friendly. I showed my Stripes card and was told that all Stripes members can have free tortilla chips and salsa if they wish, as an appetizer. So, we made such a request, and this complimentary dish was quickly produced. Unfortunately though, the red and tan tortilla chips were lukewarm and served with unmemorable, very mild tomato salsa. But they were free (although mistakenly charged on our initial bill until that was corrected), so I have no cause to complain! I ordered a Strawberry Lemonade after our server recommended this beverage to us. After a wait of about 15 minutes, and far after my companion's Sprite had already been placed on the table, I had to ask again for this to be produced. Then the server RAN to the bar before taking our food orders, and returned quickly with the drink. Although the lemonade contains no alcohol, we were told that it is prepared by a bartender, which caused the delay. Refills are provided--but at 50 cents a pop. The beverage itself projected a rich strawberry flavor, but not to the degree of the Strawberry Lemonade served at Red Robin or southern California's Tony's Spunky Steer restaurants that includes several large fresh half-strawberries in the beverage. A requested refill was accommodated fast. Our leather booth was comfortable to sit in but the wood grain on the edges of the table top was worn thin by continual customer use. The restaurant, situated on the casino floor, has a very dark woodsy appearance, with a Las Vegas theme incorporated in the wall hangings. Pot Stickers were very good but not quite hot enough for all 6 pork-filled dumplings to retain the heat in time for dipping in the Szechwan-flavored sauce. The same lack of robust heat was true of the French Onion Soup, the broth of which was not as flavorful as I recall enjoying previously at many other TGIFridays locations. The Cajun Shrimp & Chicken Pasta I ordered was suitably hot and rendered very spicy by a generous application by the chef of Cajun Butter sauce. For the most part this entree tasted very good, with tender cooked shrimp and supple hunks of white chicken. But one piece of gristle and a small bit of shell struck discordant notes in my mouth. The portion was huge, and almost half of the dish was taken home for a hearty lunch the next day. Meanwhile, my spouse enjoyed Friday's Shrimp that was lightly battered and cooked just right except for one spicy-tasting shrimp that likely got too close to someone else's order of Firecracker Shrimp. Announced in the menu as a dozen shrimp, she actually counted 13 plump shrimp on her plate. This was another generous serving; 4 shrimp were packaged for home. Although there were a few miscues, overall this was a good dining experience, and we plan to come back again.
3	It's an OK TGI Friday's experience.  Service was quite friendly.  Food seemed a bit slow to arrive, and the sides were very, very small.  Friend got the combo fries (half potato, half sweet potato) and the sweet potato fries were odd - not crispy, bland, just... weird.  Overall, it's still a Friday's - so if you like that kinda thing, this is a decent representation of it. ;)
2	Horrible and slow service... Few food options...Waiters told us we could not make minor modifications to salads... Not going back
3	Decent food at a decent price. It's TGI Friday's... What else is there to say. Not fantastic, not terrible. If you're looking for good food fairly quickly without emptying you wallet, head on over here.
5	Great and IMMEDIATE service starting at the door. That's what we like; lots! Ice tea was real good. You may think that doesn't matter but for this home boy it can make or break my culinary experience. I want an adventure, not a death-trap.Ordered lobster with one steamed and one grilled. Wife-partner ordered Jack Daniel Seseme Chicken. Our plan was to be happy and satisfied.Jessica took care of us. She offered some suggestions and we were grateful. The food was good. I learned I like steamed lobster if kept attached to the shell, and if removed prior to final grilling then the grilled. Great portion of veggies. Nice salad as a side.All-in-all, Jessica and TGIFridays exceeded our expectations.
5	Went here today for quick lunch with my mom today and have been to many Fridays before but figured I would still write a review. The bruschetta pasta was amazing and can't beat the price at $5.99 for lunch. Staff was very friendly and this location is pretty large and open.
1	I've dinned here a couple times without incidence but my recent visit was very disappointing.  The hostess put us in the bar area though there were several seats available in the dinning area.  The bar was so loud as it was Super Bowl Sunday and I had a lovely headache to start with.  A young male waiter came to take our order and he was great.  Soon after leaving, a waitress named Ingrid told us she was taking over our table.  But Ingrid did NOTHING.  Someone else brought our appetizers, food and desserts.  Dishes piled at the corner of the table though she repeatedly passed by and my dessert was mushy and melting from having been left so long.  There was a table with about 8 to 10 guests a couple tables back and Ingrid along with three other waitresses served on them hand and foot.  Too bad the staff couldn't pay attention to other guests.  I'm a high tipper but Ingrid got about 50 cents.  Not sure if she got the message about my disappointment.  Besides my mushy desert and my strawberry missing the bottom half of it, the meal was delicious but to me, customer service is paramount in a business!
1	Was really disappointed.  We had just arrived into town, got checked in and wanted to eat and relax.  Everything was dry, over cooked and dried out.  It was not good.  Service was ok, but the food was flavorless and dry.  I will not be back.
1	Monday after Christmas, about 5:30, turf & surf special for $14.99.  Guy waiter wanted to sell me beer, not interested, I could tell he wasn't very happy.  Steak was a bit rough, waiter only came by for drinks and check.  Dude dropped check off, no thank you or have a good day.  My part of tab was about $16.54, left $17 in envelope.  Tough luck buddy
5	They answer the phones here with "Best Friday's on Earth" and they mean it! Larry was our server tonight, and he took such great care of us. Be sure to ask for him, he was timely in checking in on us, and patient with our indecisiveness.Food is your standard Friday's fare, which is always quality in our experience. They apparently have different specials at casino locations than at standalone Friday's.
1	Do NOT listen to the previous reviewers claiming you get good service here. It's a joke. It HAS to be. I've been to another tgi Fridays at the Orleans and the service there is a lot better than this place. That's not saying a whole lot though because that location was almost as bad.They screwed up my order not once,  but THREE times in LESS than an hour that I had been there.I ordered mash potatoes as one of my sides but they brought me cole slaw, a completely different drink, and my lobster was warm, and very...wet..It was the weirdest lobster I have EVER encountered, and I've been eating lobster steadily since I was 3!!Do not come here. Heed my warning!
2	I agree with previous viewers who panned the service at this location.  I waited over ten minutes for someone to even take my drink order, and we were only one of two tables.  Our waitress was just shooting the breeze with the hostess, and I guess she didn't feel like coming over and taking care of us.  They were laughing and having a good ol' time.  Hope it was worth it when the waitress saw how pitiful her tip was.The whole experience was just negative.  Our waitress didn't know what the vegetable or soup of the day was, our order was wrong, AND the other table's order was wrong too.  On the upside, we made some new friends with the other diners.  On the downside, the topic of conversation was the crapiocity of our dinner.  I realize that TGI Friday's isn't exactly fine dining, but that's really no reason to be served cold, rubbery freakmeat (I think it was supposed to be chicken) an hour after ordering it.
4	I visited TGI Friday's inside of Sams Town Casino last weekend and here's my review.  I had the Jack Daniels Burger and it was just okay this time.  Usually it's pretty good but, what made my experience great there was my waiter Brandon.  He was one of the nicest waiters I've ever met.  He was totally professional and kind.  He should be working at a 4 or 5 star restaurant.  He's that good so when you stop by...ask for Brandon's section.
4	Yeah, 4 stars.  I don't quite understand how this is possible myself.   I almost stopped myself from doing this review considering the ridicule and shame this could potentially bring to my Yelp name.  Ultimately the truth has to be told, and if I'm the one who has to say I had a 4 star experience at the TGI Fridays in Sam's Town, then so be it.So it was Sunday, and I sat in a booth at the bar waiting for my friends to arrive.   First thing I noticed was that Happy Hour prices are in effect ALL DAY on Sunday in the bar and dining area (TGIS).   Good start to the visit, but I figured maybe their happy hour was limited to bottles of miller lite and some sugar loaded kool-aid tasting drinks.  To my pleasant surprise they had 20 oz glasses of Guinness for $4.  Hmmmm, this is turning promising.  All appetizers except the platters?  $6.  I started questioning why I'd never been to a TGI Friday's for happy hour at this point.  Friends finally arrived as I was finishing my first Guinness (3 more would follow), and we ordered the following appetizers throughout our visit:   Pretzel sticks with cheese and bacon sauce, Spinach dip, Hummus plate, Cheeseburger sliders, Some chicken bites thing, and potstickers.  I've seen several reviews mentioning poor service but our experience was anything but poor.  Adrian kept the drinks flowing and the food came out at reasonable times throughout the entire night.  As for the food, it was all good for what it is.   I don't expect the Hummus to rival that of a great mediterranean and it certainly didn't, and the sliders didn't make me forget about Bachi Burger, but if you're fine with sodium and calorie laded comfort food that tasted better with each frosty beverage, you might enjoy yourself as much as I did.  Splitting the bill amongst our entire party I think we ended up spending about $25 a piece which I thought was an incredible value (though I'm sure my doctor would disagree).
3	I haven't returned to TGIF's in a while... haven't really had fantastic dining experiences there. However, I went with my family this evening and noticed they had Korean tacos on the menu. Hmmmm...that sounds interesting. I'll get that.Service was a little slow (thank goodness we were not in a hurry) but the server (a female) was very nice. When our food did come, the tacos and rice were served on a skillet and smelled delicious. Let me just say the tacos were fantastic. And not just for TGIF's, but in general. Great flavor and had a slight kick to them which I loved. The rice on the other hand, which looked good, was bland beyond reason. It looked like there was cilantro on top and peppers mixed in the rice but there was absolutely NO FLAVOR. No idea how that was pulled off. So A+ on the taco part of the dish D- for the rice part. I would order that dish again without a doubt but I would definitely request a different side dish.
3	It's in Sams Town, and believe it or not this TGI Friday's is pretty adequate.  Often I show up here after most events in Sams Town *Cough*WWE Viewing Parties*Cough* and the service is pretty good.   You pretty much get what you pay for here, not to say the food is bad, but it's typical food you would get at an Applebees or Chili's.  Just like the star rating says, 3 stars - A OK!Stop by here if you aren't in the mood to go to the buffet, you'll be satisfied.#boringreview
4	I met my family last night for dinner at TGI Fridays with an idea already in mind as to what I wanted to order.  Still, I looked over the menu breifly before settling upon what I had orginally planned on, Parmasean Crusted Chicken with Four Cheese Tortoloni.  I explained the special two course menu to my family who were confused by its organization and got them in the know with how to order.  Then I read the despcription of a burger to my dad since he had forgotten his glasses.  Again.  We all ordered soon enough and a few minutes later the appetizers started to arive.  My grandma and her sister both got the pot stickers.  I had a few of them too.  They are very good.  I was surprised.  My step-mom got the fried cheese.  My dad ordered a bowl of French Onion Soup.  That looked good too.  I opted for no appetizer of my own.  A few more minutes down the road our meals arived.  My chicken was very good though I was disappointed with the portion of my meal.  An average size chicken breast with just 5 pieces of pasta and a small tomato and cheese salad.  All had great flavor there just wasn't much of it.  The rest of my family, on the other hand, received a ton of food.  Easily a dozen meaty fried shrimp with fries.  Pleanty of chicken on the chicken duo plate.  A huge burger.  And there was not shortage of food passed around the table so all could taste everything.  The service was as good as the food.  There is some construction in the casino causing very distacting noises one does not wish to hear while dining.  The hostess was good enough to seat us further away from the noise in a more separate dining area.  It made a huge difference.  We may not have stayed if we were  made to sit near the noise.  Our server was attententive and made a point of reviewing everybodies order to ensure full accuracy.  My only concern of the evenig was upon leaving when our serve looked over at me and said she hoped I had a nice birthday day dinner.  The look on my face must have been priceless when I looked at her in utter confusion.  My birthday was nearly 3 months ago.  She sheepeshly backed away and dropped the issue at my protestation of not knowing what she was talking about.  Apparently she must have heard me telling a story earlier in the evenig about going to a restaurant for my birthday many years ago.  I think she got the wrong idea.  I just wanted to get out of there before anybody started singing to me.  I hate that.  Anyhow, it was a good dinner and a nice evening with the family.
5	I have been here a few times now, and this review is just for the bar.  It is a nice little bar  in Sam's Town.  It's crowd... well if you want to call it a crowd... seems to be 30's and above.  I guess that is what you get when you are in a casino really made for the locals.  So, I have no complaints as my friends and I are in its wheel house.  So here were my observations. - We walk in and were given a friendly greeting as we sat at the bar.  The bartender put down drink napkins and took our order.  I stuck with club soda while everyone else in our group planned on pounding beers that night.  So, the bartender said that it was great that I was the designated driver and comped my drinks. The drinks were a little pricier than they were at the casino bars in Sam's Town but that was expected.- They have a pretty nice set up.  Plenty of seating and a pool table that didn't get used by us that night.  As a matter of fact, I didn't see anyone using the table.  - We got there early so I don't know if things picked up after we left.  But, while we were there we were taken care of very well.  It was nice to just catch up with and watch my friends get their buzz going.So, after a few drinks we left to walk around the casino.  One of my friends loves the show in the Atrium.  Personally, I think it's not that great but to each their own.  Maybe it's better if you are buzzy.
3	Good...! i  was surprise the way they take care of you do you feel comfortable to be over there take it of you the right... there be so great guy to access to the customer
4	I dined here on Monday 04/29. I ordered the Korean steak tacos, they were ok but nothing special. The vanilla bean cheesecake however was good. The waitress young lady long blond hair, was very good and attentive.
3	We always stay at Sam's Town when we visit Vegas, and so we usually start out our day by eating at TGI Friday's.  We have been going to the hotel for years, and remember when the space used to be the Harvest House, which was an old school coffee shop kind of 24 hour restaurant.  So, we like to have breakfast but they don't have a lot of omelette selections, not very creative that is.  They have a special priced lunch menu, so one day this last trip I tried the special $5.99 cobb salad.  First of all, we waited over 30 minutes to get our food after we ordered it, and when my salad came, it was a very small piece of chicken, a half of a hard boiled egg, and like a cherry tomato sliced in half.  My husband had ordered breakfast.  How long does it take to make breakfast?  I said something to the hostess and she offered to give us a dessert for free, but all of their desserts look big and my husband is a diabetic and I'm on a diet (did you see the salad??) so I said "No thanks."  We've been there other times when you basically have to get up and walk over to get your bill, get your bill paid, or get a drink refill.  The service is slow, but it never seems overly crowded in there.  Now on two occasions this trip, there was a large party in the other room...and everyone was working on them.  Also, I guess is the case with the chain's restaurants, the booths and the seats are not super comfy.  The turkey burger on the special lunch is pretty good, and it comes with homemade potato chips, which are good, if not fattening.  Most of the tables don't feel too crammed up against other tables and the restaurant opens up into the casino, which is fun if you are there to gamble.  You can see the action while you eat.
3	We actually stopped here on the way home to eat somewhere else! We love Willy and Jose's! But they only open for dinner!!So we ate here instead, servers are very friendly. But there weren't to many of them here! So the service was little slow. But she tried hard! Can not complain to much about her.I had their pulled pork sandwich with a side of coleslaw, it was a very good sandwich. i didn't over do it! No Fries!!! Just the sandwich, made me feel better! Wife had a half a club sandwich, and salad. And enjoyed it very much! TGIF like most other chains, foods ok, service ok.
4	Good prices, fast service. great option if you're hungry past 10 or want to eat before a movie at Sam's town. Desert menu is really good too. Try and sit by the bar instead of a table so you can take advantage of the happy hour prices on drinks and appetizers
1	Food and service left much to be desired. I realize this is a TGI Fridays in the middle of an off the strip casino, however it does have a brand image to uphold, and I feel it did a very poor job in doing that.It was around lunch time on a week day, and while the casino was hopping and buzzing with flashing lights and bells with patrons feverishly flushing their life savings away, TGI Fridays was dead. I was the only person in the establishment, and I still had horrible service. After I was seats, I waited... and waited... and waited... I eventually found someone to take my drink order and I got an appetizer. 15 minutes later I placed my order and received my drinks, and after around 15-20 more minutes I inquired as to the appetizer (yeah, remember that appetizer I ordered), I was told it was never put in, and I told them to forget it... My food eventually arrived, and it was horrible. Im just going to leave it at that.... Just walk away. You have got a better chance at coming out positive on a penny slot than not being disappointed here.
1	Approximately four months after eating here and receiving lousy service,  missing items from our order, and having a totally misinformed and unknowing waitress, went back on Thursday, Sept 12, hoping things had changed.....NOT!  Again, the service was horrible.  Seated quickly, hostess supplied the water (never have I seen that happen before), but waited over five minutes for someone to come to our table and wait on us.  And when she showed up, she asked if anyone had been to the table yet; like what, you don't know what section you are supposed to work?  Anyway, ordered beer and wine, appetizer, and two entrees then waited, and waited, and waited some more, but no drinks, no appetizer, no nothing.   We saw our waitress walk by the bar more than once, but she didn't look our way or say anything.  I saw here talking to customers at another table for about 5 minutes, and decided we weren't going to get served so we got up and left after a total of about 15 minutes of waiting for our drinks.  Walked up to her and told her we were leaving, we weren't going to wait another minute while she felt it was more important to BS with other customers than to get us our order.  All she said was, have a nice day....spoke to the manager who asked if we wanted to be seated somewhere else, and I said no, I didn't want to wait anymore and the service sucked anyway so why re-seat us?  We used to eat here quite a bit, but over the last year or so, the place has gone down in service and the food isn't that good anyway.  If you want to eat here, and get the same lousy service, don't bother to complain to the company, we did that months ago and it didn't do any good.  Friday's is going down the tubes, they have jumped the shark as far as I am concerned.
2	In hopes that TGI's would bring a little more to the table then what Sam's Town puts out...wishful thinking. I would much rather head out to the food-court, order a Big Mac and watch that howling wolf, then to spend $30 at this place again. I have generously given them an extra star due to the "major crisis" our server claimed they were experiencing during our visit. Needless to say, it took a good while to get menus, and twice as long to get drink orders in. We ordered Buffalo Wings from their Happy Hour. Wings were cold and had an odd flavor. The fries came later when we were almost finished eating our Wings. They were SO salty, we ended leaving the entire basket. Our Mozzarella sticks were delicious, and earned a whole whoopin star for great taste and freshness!! Cheese was fresh and stringy, just like a cheese stick should look. Other than our cheese sticks, everything about this location was below average.
2	Terrible, terrible service. 15 minutes to take a drink order, and after 20 more minutes, nobody has come back. Coffee, water and Ice Tea...really?
1	I've been to this TGI Friday's a few times but no more.  Our waiter Jon was clearly not trained.  We ordered drinks that never came because he said they were very busy, even though the place was'nt half full.  When he finally brought our wine it was warm.  I had the Jack Daniels salmon and woke up the next morning with food poisoning.  Thanks TGIF
5	I love the bar here w the food . The servers are very friendly they kept coming checking in on us to make sure  we had everything we needed .
1	My family and I had been seated and we waited for 15 minutes for someone to take our orders. No one even offered us a drink. My dad had called for someone to take our order but none of the servers gave us any recognition. We then walked out and no one even noticed. They obviously do not no how to serve their customers.
5	Service was superior. Food was scrumptious. And had the pleasure of being served by the one and only, sexy creature goddess,  Zoe Saldana. Only in Las Vegas, ladies and gents! Top drawer, top drawer!
1	Had dinner at the Sam's Town location on Tuesday night with my wife and daughter.  Wasn't sure what I was hungry for, but my daughter ordered herself a wedge salad with a side of sweet potato fries.  My wife and I wanted to split an order of the fried green beans.My wife decided she wanted the ribeye steak with shrimp because the picture looked good, and I agree, in the menu the picture looks very good.  I was going to go with the burger and bottomless fries for $10, but decided that the steak looked so good that I'd have what she's having.  My daughter got her salad and fries very quickly.  The salad looked okay, since it was 90% plain iceberg lettuce it's hard to mess that up.  She also liked her fries and said they were good.Our green bean fries arrived next, and I was so disappointed.  I remember getting these before for around $6 and you good a fairly decent amount of beans.  This time they were about $8.50 and there was a modest amount of green beans.  I was frankly shocked at how few beans there were.  I will say though, they were hot, crisp, and delicious.Our steaks came next.  The best thing I can say about them is that they were cooked properly, mine medium and my wife's medium well.  We got the shrimp scampi, which for some reason came on a barbeque stick and looked grilled...hmmm, I thought scampi was baked in garlic butter sauce.  Also, while I know I'm not high-class, I hate having to peel my shrimp to eat them.  I find it unappetizing and then you're left with the matter of where to put used shrimp shells - not fun.  The Parmesan cheese fries were tasty, but there were only about a half dozen of them.  The vegetables were terrible, I thought they had been soaked in vinegar - awful!  The problem with that is that the vinegar soaked into everything on the plate affecting the taste of everything negatively.  I thought it was just me, until my wife spoke up about how strong the vinegar flavor was.  I felt relieved that it wasn't just my tastebuds acting up!The namesake steak was flavorful, but quite gristly and fatty, although I know and expect some of that from a ribeye, I guess at $24 bucks each I expect better - hell I could have gotten Fillet Mignon for $20 at Billy Bob's in the same casino.  When asked how we like our dinners we commented that the vinegar taste was displeasing and inquired what part of the meal included vinegar, or if it was a mistake.  The waitress said she would go into the kitchen and inquire.  She returned a few minutes later with the bill.  Never said one word about the vinegar taste, I looked at my wife, and we agreed we weren't going to get any answers from this server.  Very disappointed in this dining experience, and it especially burns as the bill came to $85 including tip.  I struggle to think how this restaurant can survive when you can get a much better meal, and service, from at least 3 other restaurants in the same damn casino!
2	To review one restaurant in a chain is to review all the resultants in the same chain.This place is okay, just okay. Diligently check your blood sugar and hypertension at the door.At this particular location the staff is doing its best to be overly cheerful and helpful. The food is the same as the others, as far as I know. I've not been to a TGI Fridays on over a decade. And for good reason. The place has crap food.For the same price you can get good food that is more healthy and far superior in flavor. Not to mention overall nutrition.  But when it's a bad day why not just go for the gold huh?So so sad I ever went here. The Bourbon burger is horrible.
1	Horrible food. Manager looked sloppy and when he spoke seemed uneducated. The service was worst than horrible. Was not busy for a Friday yet the waitress seemed to always come up short. We had to ask for refills. Ordered the rib eye medium rare and it came to the table dry and over cooked. Upon the arrival of the food I could tell my steak was over cooked so I immediately cut into it to show the waitress. She then took it back and disappeared.  My boyfriend had to make eye contact with her in order for her to come to our table. She was talking with another waitress or hostess.  15 mins  past and  y boyfriend was done with his food so I said if my steak is not ready cancel theOrder.  She quickly returned with a steal -completely RAW! She asked to take it back AGAIN, to which I responded no thank you.  To take a steak back more than once says a lot!  The manager on duty (I hope he was a supervisor) then came and asked if I wanted him to take it back and 'fire it up' to which I said no. I told him I dislike having to send food back especially since it was the 2nd time. I honestly doubt that if I sent it back it would have helped, it only would have pissed off the chef.  Basically we are NEVER coming back to this location and I would not want anyone to experience what I went through tonight. Come on TGI FRIDAY it's a Friday night in Las Vegas and that was your best? Pathetic.
2	WEIRD!!! Why is the 2 for $10 menu top secret when its advertised on TV..  kind of shady you think; no menu just a small paper that is read to you by the waiter.
1	My family of four went after 10pm on a Tuesday night. There were only two other tables with people, the rest of the restaurant was empty. Our server reminded me of a teenager who thought he was funny, but came off as a smart azz, especially when he wondered why I showed my I.D., after not hearing that I ordered a cocktail. The first round of drinks took too long, and simple water was forgotten and when asked about the water again, the server asked if we still wanted it. They were out of one item, which was understandable. The next time we were asked about drinks was when our food was almost finished. I noticed a bar in the restaurant and thought it would've been quicker just to have ordered our drinks there. Next time we go to Sam's Town, I would rather go to their casino snack bar than TGIF.
1	Ive been here twice and this will be the last time. Both times they didnt get my order correct. I didnt realize it the first time but I has orderes steak and got chicken and a side I never asked for and didnt even know they had. This time I went with 4 other people and they got mine and 3 others wrong. The waiter had to ask my dad 3 times bone in or out and then it still didnt come out correct.  He was friendly but messed up our order and bills so much he mostly apologized throughout serving us. And as much as they fucked up none of us fot anything off our bills. I recommend to never come to this one.
3	I used to like TGI Friday's better when they had their version of Beef Stroganoff. Now I go for their appetizers. So, since they were offering all-you-can-eat appetizers for $10 each, husband and I decided to each order one appetizer and share. We ordered the Tuscan Spinach Dip and the Potstickers. The Dip was cheesy and tasty, but I found the chips a bit tough (at least they didn't break apart when dipping). The Potstickers were typical, but I had no complaints. As for the service, it was somewhat slow and our waiter was not as attentive as we would have liked, so next time, we may try a different location.
3	Staff is friendly and service is quick. The Jack Daniels glaze is awesome and is one of my favorite marinades. Friday's has awesome happy hour deals. The only negative thing today was the pretzel appetizer was a little over cooked.
3	I go to Fridays a lot since they have a late happy hour, so I'm very familiar with their food quality. This Fridays is located inside Sam's Town casino. I'd say the service was good and the food came quickly. One thing that was disappointing was that the pretzel sticks were over cooked. They were very dark brown, harboring close to a bitter taste. The rest of the meal was satisfactory.
5	came in for dinner with my niece... regina, the hostess was fantastic and cleaned a booth off for us... and our waiter jesse was super awesome... he was attentive, and the service was great...we will definetly be back
5	Love Fridays & this one is extra special, my boyfriend & I had my first date here :) !! He was very shy the bartender hook us up with good drinks and food... been going their for a year now once a week !! Great service food is amazing & drinks they make very good !!
4	Went here for dinner. I order the steak and lobster. My steak was supposed to be cooked medium and it came out medium-rare. My husband ordered the ribeye and lobster with bread sticks. His came out medium-well and no bread sticks.  We had other food but that was great! These were the problems. The waitress (which was awesome) didn't bring out the steaks. The person that did, didn't wait to see if our steaks were to our liking and both of them were wrong. My husband also asked if the bread sticks were coming out and the guy said he would check. Never saw him again. We had our 2 month old with us (first outing with baby) so we didn't want to send the steaks back and wait for fear baby would wake at some point and disrupt the restaurant. So, I ate the part of my steak I could and my husband who is definitely a red meat eater suffered through his over cooked meal. The waitress came back around and asked if all was good and my husband explained the situation.  She said she would get right on the bread sticks. At this point we were almost finished and didn't need the bread. She came back to the table said she checked what she put in the computer to make sure she hadn't made a mistake and the bread would be right out. My husband told her we didn't need it now. She said she would take it off the bill and we could take it home and she would send the manager to the table. This is why this gets 4 stars. Kim (I hope that was her name), the manager, is amazing. Although, she was really busy doing other things she really took her time with us. Not only did she LISTEN to us about our meal issues, she took the the time to have a CHAT about other things, like the baby. This might have been a way for us to not leave angry but it sure felt genuine. In the end our bill was greatly reduced.
4	We like coming to this location because it's not to far and there is never a wait. The last time we came here our servers name was Blanca and she was so polite, at tentative and overall she made our experience very present. Very professional and I loved her! The only reason for 4/5 stars is because the wait for our food was about 20 minutes or more and other people that came right after us had already received their meal so it was a bit frustrating but overall a great place and good food. I recommend the ribs!
3	Been here several times, I figure I should finally leave a review. I obviously like it bcuz I've been back several times. Can't really say what my fav entree is, I've had Jack Daniels burgers, flatbread, Cajun shrimp & chicken pasta (without shrimp, HIGHLY allergic)  ribs, appetizers upon appetizers, a couple salads. Anyway, I haven't had anything I didn't like & we usually try to partake in specials, 2 for 1, happy hour, 2 for $20 etc. the service is always consistent & pretty quick! We've never had a wait more than 5 min to be seated.
2	We were staying at Sam's Town in Las Vegas, and there is a TGIFridays inside. 4 of us went to dinner there. We waited 10 minutes till the waitress showed up! She took our order and our food showed up 25 mins later!! All of us got cold food! My husband ordered the nachos grande, and was very disappointed.  We were all waiting to order desert, when the waitress came dropped off our check and left! Would I go back? NEVER! Very very dissatisfied with this restaurant.
