5	I was very impressed with this place.  The staff was friendly, the dental hygienist was personable and knowledgeable, and Dr. Adams was great.  They took the time to help me with my dental hygiene without making me feel the least bit uncomfortable.  They were honest with their recommendations and I didn't feel pushed into anything.  Nor did they try to sell me a bunch of expensive treatments I didn't need.  The building itself was clean and well-appointed.  All in all, it was exactly what I would expect from a good dentist visit!
5	For two (2) years I've been troubled with teeth 2 and 3 (upper right) that both have crowns.  Food catches in between the teeth which then becomes terribly painful.  For two (2) years my current provider has told me there's no problem, there's nothing he can do.  In fact, he seems to have "checked out" each time we visit now.  My friend recommended Dr. Adams so after an extremely painful fight I decided to visit him.  I am so glad I did.  In less than one (1) minute he was able to assess the problem and recommend a permanent solution.  Two days later he removed one crown and has made a larger one which will "contact" the tooth beside it, alleviating the gap which had been catching food, pushing food into my gums and causing extreme pain.  However, he also found another culprit.....what appeared to be leftover cement from a previous procedure that had imbedded itself into my gum.  Dr. Adams described this as a thorn in your skin that had been there all this time causing pain.  Not only did Dr. Adams resolve my problem DAY ONE, he and his staff explained every procedure, every step of the process (including billing) in full detail.  Finally, this is truly one of the most genuinely positive work environments I've ever visited.  Everyone was friendly, kind, smiling, laughing and again, genuine about it.  I HIGHLY recommend this office and Dr. Adams to anyone seeking a dental provider.
5	So lets start off. I just moved here from out of state. Needed my teeth cleaned I decided to try this office. The office is beautiful, quiet, and clean. The staff was awesome and friendly. The staff Explained everything to me each step of the way. Cleaned my teeth beautifully. The staff were very knowledgable about dentistry. MyDentist was very nice and polite. I would recommend this place to everyone. I can't wait to go back.
