4	Great family sit down eats. Nothing fancy here, seating is limited. But their place is clean and what they lack in fancy decor they more than make up with a great menu, and more importantly (for me) is great, friendly service. Sandwiches are the big thing here and I enjoyed their award winning Turkey Chile sandwich. While my wife had a sauteed chicken and portabello mushroom sandwich, which is what I'm going to order next time, it was very tasty! All the sandwiches come with a choice of sides in case your in the mood for something healthier that the standard fries. We are definitely coming back. Initially,  I though they were priced on the high side ($8 - $10 for a sandwich) but after the meal I changed my mind.
5	Fantastically excellent sandwiches, each with more character, flavor, spices, and herbs than at a run-of-the-mill sandwich place. The fresh-squeezed lemonade involves the harming of actual lemons and is not to be missed.
4	Great Sandwich!I was treated to "free lunch" yesterday after agreeing to an impromptu Sunday afternoon business meeting, and I was happily surprised when I was told that, among my choices strewn on the table, was a Prickly Pear sub from a mystery establishment known as Flancer's.The bread was perfect - and this is coming from someone who pretty much altogether stopped eating sandwiches 5 or so years ago due to the consistent let-down of most breads.  The crust was nice and crusty, fresh as can be, and didn't overwhelm the rest of the sandwich.I wish I knew everything that comprised this Chicken n Prickly Pear concoction, but I don't - I was too busy.  All I know is it tasted great, and it made up for the fact that I was dedicating my Sunday afternoon to a round table discussion that did not include an outdoor activity.Good work, Flancer's!  You made my first trip to Gilbert a great one!
5	It's a shame I haven't eaten here in a while because the food is great!  It's a quaint cafe with excellent pizza and sandwiches. The interior is cozy with old album covers on the walls and the servers are super friendly.  They also have outdoor seating available.  It  can get crowded at lunch time so plan ahead.If you are in the area I highly recommend you trying it.
5	I freaking love this place! I seriously eat there about 4 times a month. I went the first time because I thought it looked like some place different to try. I ordered the "It's About Thyme" sandwich..... LOVE!!! This is the best sandwich I have ever had EVER! I recommend it to everyone who likes mushrooms. Anyway, the staff is friendly. The place is clean. They have now opened two locations and it is always hoppin.... probably because people love it so much :)Other things I have tried:Appetizers :  Mushroom Phylos :), Bruchetta :)Sides: Fries ...yum!Drinks: Homemade Lemonade (Hits the spot), Hard Lemonade -Double Yum!!
5	This local Gilbert establishment has never disappointed me over the past five years I have been going there. My wife and I will stop there on a weekend afternoon for lunch and always walk away happy. I like to try something different whenever I go and always enjoy what I have. The staff are always friendly, the food is always good, and I am supporting a local restaurant; it doesn't get much better than that. I love the French Fries, they are seasoned really well. The lemonade is homemade and very good. Yeah Flancers!P.S. They opened a Second location in North Mesa...1902 N. Higley Rd.
5	I am very picky with my sandwich places.  Any restaurant can slap some meat on some store bought bread and claim to make the "World's best club sandwich"  It doesn't mean that they actually do.  Flancer's really does make some of the best sandwiches I have ever tried and I am well traveled.  Their food is far from boring or flavorless.  I have literally almost been brought to tears at other restaurants by the lack of flavor in my entree or sandwich.  I abhor boring food and am borderline obsessed with flavor and freshness.  You are too or you wouldn't be reading reviews on yelp!!  Ask for a recommendation from your waiter and you will not be disappointed!I L-O-V-E Flancers
4	I love their Philly cheesesteaks. The one thing that would make them better is if you had the option of Cheez Whiz. Folks from Philly will tell you that a cheesesteak isn't a cheesesteak without it!!! The bread is fresh and the meat is tender a flavorful. Deeee-lish!!  The seasoned fries and most of the sandwiches are pretty darn good too. Great for lunch but you can't' be in a rush because there's always a wait.
3	I hate to jump off of the it's-a-family-run-business-so-I'm-going-to-cut-it-some-slack bandwagon, but I wasn't super impressed with Flancer's. I didn't think my sandwich was terrible, but it definitely wasn't anything memorable--well, that's not true. It was memorable, but that's sort of the problem. Ok, I'm even confusing myself. Let me elaborate. I had read great things about the Prickly Pear sandwich from Yelp, so when I found myself in Gilbert (which I do about three times a month for work) and didn't want fast food, I decided to stop by Flancer's and put in an order. My sandwich plus drink and tip came to around $9. The guy who took my order was really welcoming. I stood back, read the local Gilbert newspaper (apparently, it's a really happening place!), and waited approximately 10-15 minutes for my sandwich to be done. When I went outside to eat my sandwich and unwrapped the foil, I had I came upon a sight that was terrifying, to say the least. My chicken was BRIGHT pink. Oy vey--salmonella city! It took me a good 30 seconds to realize that the prickly pear sauce had turned the chicken a nice rosy shade. Now that my appetite was already a bit soured, I bit into the sandwich. The flavor of the chicken was a bit sugary for my taste, and the green chile mayo didn't have much of a kick. The bread was really crusty and delicious, but overall, I think the sandwich was more hype than substance. I may be back if I'm in Gilbert and again, find myself not willing to settle for fast food, but I'll probably try a different sandwich!
5	Most unique menu I have seen.Everything on the menu is wonderful.  The building does not do Flancer's service.  It is in a hidden strip mall and looks like it might be a flop.  Anyone willing to go in and wait to be seated (there usually is a line) will be in for a pleasant surprise.I could eat here every day.  The service is also unsurpassed.
5	In this world of over-commercialised chain restaurants, bland clone food and depressingly similar menus it is a refreshing thing indeed to come across a place like Flancer's. Nothing fancy, no hughty attitudes, no faux ideals just really good food served by really friendly people plus some of the best music ever pressed in vinyl!Sandwiches, salads, pizza and calzones along with wonderful wings and other things are really the entire menu. But the execution is flawless.We have begun with Roasted Garlic Parmesan Bread and the Beer Battered Mozzerella Chees Triangles. Both are worth the trip. The bread is "Flancer's Bread" made fresh everyday right there. It is the same bread that all of Flancer's delightful sandwiches are served on and is so good that you won't leave any crusts behind. The cheese is a unique take on a bar food favorite and is served with a chipotle marinara sauce that was so good I wanted to poor it on everything.The salads are all available in either small or large formats, but be warned; only the very hungry or an exhibishist eater is going to finish a large salad in one sitting. They are HUGE! We decided on small salads next time. But size is nothing without taste, and Flancer's salads are worth every penny. The "Tenderloin is the Night" salad is a wonderful creation with greens, marinaded roma tomatoes, crumbles of gorgonzola cheese, croutons and grilled beef tenderloin. Add in thier homemade gorgonzola dressing and you have art in a bowl.The sandwiches are as varied as they are delicious,  the flagship is the Chile Verde Birdie, a turkey sandwich that knows no peer! Freshly roasted turkey breast sliced from the bone, provolone, lettuce, tomato and an out of this world New Mexican green chile mayo, on that awsomely tasty Flancer's Bread!My personal favorite is the Parmesana Nirvana Chicken that is everything you would expect and then some. But here's a tip; ask you waiter to serve it with Flancer's chipotle marinara instaed of the regular marinara (which is wonderful, but I like the kick in the chipotle!) and you'll get a hot, cheesy, spicy delight of a sandwich. Extra napkins are highly recommended!If you decide on fries you've made a wise choice as these seasoned crispy lovelys are on the list of best fries anyplace. Hot and tender with just a touch of spice, and unlike other sandwich shops they stay hot. (Or maybe we ate them so fast they didn't have time to get cold.) Either way they were great. Tip; ask for a side of Flancer's Gorgonzola Dressing to dip the fries in, I was surprised how much I enjoyed this!We have not yet tried thier pizzas, but if the calzones are any indicator, (and they usually are), you'll never call Pizza Hut again! The calzone we had was the "Nice to Meat You" which is a carnivor's delight. Pepperoni, sausage, ham and ground beef with an extra helping of cheese! Serve with a side of marinara, (or even the chipotle marinara!) and you have enough food for 3 or 4 average people, or 2 really hungry ones! Wonderful!Also found on the menu are a number of burgers, pasta dishes, soups and desserts. All of which we have not got to try yet, but we are patiently working through the menu and have found nothing to be disappointed in yet.Truely it is wonderful to be saying "so long" to the rubberstamped restaurant clones of America and discovering little gems like Flancer's Cafe! Chain restaurants may be fine, but in these troubled economic times I do not want to receive "average" for my hard earned money. Why settle for bland when for the same price you can have "outstanding"?!****************************************************************************Just after the beginning of 2009 the owner at Flancer's Cafe did something unprecedented in the land of small business, he LOWERED his prices!!! Even more oddly the portion sizes have not change one iota nor has the quality of the food changed, only his margin. What a terrific thing to do for us customers in these lean financial times!
4	I ordered the large Awesome Balsam balsamic salad, and it was fabulous.  Spring salad mix with marinated mushrooms, roasted red peppers and balsamic chicken.  It came with a unique balsamic dressing, and made quite the impression.  Two words... LOVE IT!My wife ordered the Ace of Clubs, which is a club sandwich with avocado.  It comes a green chile mayonnaise, and there was very little green chile flavor.  She wouldn't order it again, but would definitely go back to try a different sandwich.We tried the apple blueberry cobbler, and were kind of surprised when we saw it come with a classic oatmeal crumble top.  We prefer a crust topping.Every entree that we noticed servers walking by with, looked delicious.  The wait staff was very friendly, and so was the manager, who was making the rounds, checking on customer satisfaction.
5	The truth on Flancer's? Ok... here goes.So, I'm a bit of a Travel channel fanatic. I love watching it and imagining what it's like traveling around the world, from restaurant to restaurant, enjoying some of the best food in the world. As a direct result, I suppose, I'm a bit of a food critic myself. I'm also a chef. So what does this have to do with Flancer's?Well, as you arrive at Flancer's, located near Gilbert and Guadalupe, you immediately notice the packed parking lot, bustling patio and the modest presentation of the small building; your destination. Flancer's immediate visual impact resembles many town favorites, gems in the rough - small, unimposing, perhaps underestimated but certainly welcoming. As you walk through the often crowded set of glass double doors, to the interior of the restaurant, the staff is immediately friendly and helpful. Everyone is observed to be working hard and all with smiles on their faces. Seating is likely to be immediate, however as you may be waiting for a brief moment in the small area available to the ever-present to-go customers, you should take the time to glance into the kitchen, which is directly ahead. It is clean and the energy of the restaurant is matched by the hustle and bustle of the kitchen staff - baking fresh bread, cooking fresh pasta and slicing freshly cooked meats for their award winning sandwiches.After being sat, the server is always prompt and welcoming. He will often immediately take your drink order and ask about an appetizer, give you some silverware and return promptly with the first round. Never imposing but always helpful, the server recommends the items of the day and gives you time to contemplate your order. The menu was recently downsized from a larger menu, which I found to be a good idea. I'd been here many times, but did often feel as if I was navigating the Sahara at times!I of course, have not had every item on the menu, and do not plan on it. However, what I can recommend to you are these items: The Prickly Pear Sandwich, We Must Meat, I Ain't Lion Sandwich, Roma on the Range Sandwich, The Chipotle Pasta, Goat Cheese Bruschetta, Oven Roasted Garlic Parmesan bread (without the marinara, served on the side, I believe it to be just fine without it), Awesome Balsam Salad and you can't go wrong with the beer battered french fries! All of these items I have had on more than one occasion and I can promise you that you will not be disappointed with them. Maybe some day I will branch out, and try one of the other selections available at Flancer's, but I'm not sure if anything else on the menu will come close to how good these dishes are, haha.So in conclusion, whether you're on a business meeting or a Sunday lunch with friends or family, Flancer's offers healthy, delicious and decadent options to people from all walks of life. The American and Italian fusion provided by Flancer's in sandwich form, is seen all over the world, but no one in the Phoenix area does it better and that my friends, is all you really need to know.
5	One of the things that I don't understand about people is why they wait in line at all of those chain restaurants for crappy food, when they can go to a locally owned restaurant such as Flancer's and get awesome food, excellent prices, and hardly a wait at all!Flancer's makes pizza, pasta, and sandwiches very well!  Unfortunately we live about 20 miles away so we can't get there often, but when we do, we always order the same thing!  Oh, don't you hate people like that?  It's just that the dish is so good, I just crave it!  My husband always orders a hamburger.  This is not your ordinary hamburger, this is the best that money can buy.  Fresh quality beef, cooked medium well, on a homemade, soft and chewy roll.  The roll is more like a sub roll than a hamburger roll and they make their hamburgers oblong.  To add to that you've got to get the fresh french fries.  Nothing frozen here.  The hamburger is so flavorful it melts in your mouth.But I think my meal is best.  I order the half sandwich and salad.  I am in love with Flancer's "We Must Meat, I Ain't Lion" sandwich.  It's grilled Filet Mignon, medium rare, topped with Gorgonzola cheese, chipotle mayonnaise & caramelized onions.  Mmmm.  Add to that a small Greek salad with Balsamic vinaigrette and it's a perfect meal.  Wait,. it's even more perfect if you add Flancer's famous creme brulee for desert!Flancer's is a fantastic place.  The servers treat us like family, the atmosphere is cozy and comfortable, and the food rocks.  Don't wait in line for the yucky stuff.  Go to a local chef-owned restaurant like Flancer's.  You'll be hooked!
5	It was tough to decide if I should write a review for Flancer's or not.  It's already hard to get a seat from time to time, I certainly do not want to make it worse for myself!The food and the service are fantastic.  The place is very small and large groups will not find a table here, unless it's on the misted patio.The bread and the wheat wraps are homemade.  A couple of must try's include: Philly CheeseSteak (get it with the works)No Bones about It (try it in a wheat wrap)You will find yourself drawn into the legend of the Flancer Goat and returning again and again...
2	Sorry to rain on this one, but I was very disappointed by my meal.  I'll do anything to avoid chains, so this place really sounded good ... but it was not to be.  I LOVE Bruschetta, but their bruschetta was disappointing.  The bread was nothing special, and there was a lack of good tomato/basil on top.  There was a big dollop of goat cheese, which sounded good on the menu, but ended up not contributing much.  My steak salad was not bad (the grilled steak was good quality, and nicely cooked - something many places get wrong) but the croutons were the typical pathetic specimen you'd expect at Denny's.  Overall, I found the menu confusing and the descriptions unappetizing. For example, there's a 'pasta' section, with this entry: "Love me Tender ... Filet mignon, in gorgonzola cream sauce with spinach, mushrooms, green onions and roasted red bell peppers"   Now - how does a 'filet mignon' end up as a pasta dish? Is the pasta on the side? Is the filet all chopped up and tossed in with the pasta?  Beats me!  And the photos on the menu don't have captions so you have no idea which dish they are portraying.
4	This place is great! It's a cozy little hometown restaurant that has fantastic and friendly service along with delicious food.My husband and I went after having read about it here on yelp, and it really was a great spot to grab a bit to eat. I tried one of their burgers and it was delicious. It tasted home-grilled and not processed. My husband had the pear sandwich that everyone talks about and he really enjoyed it. The service was also incredibly welcoming and friendly. I highly recommend our waiter, Tanner, as he had great suggestions for the food as well as some great conversation.I advise everyone to check it out. I can't wait to go back, especially considering it is easy on the wallet!
5	This unpretentious little place gets MAJOR points for honest to goodness deliciousness!The Green Chili Mushroom Phylos are very yummy, but I don't usually order them because I want to leave room for my SANDWICH!It is always difficult to choose. For me it is usually a long slow decision. Caught between Philly Cheesesteak and Green Chili Turkey. You can get bacon on that.If having some of the most ample and delicious sandwiches on freshly in-house-made sandwich rolls weren't enough, Flancers serves up crazy-good battered fries (these make me suspect that I might have a heart attack, but hey, life is short, these are REALLY GOOD FRIES)If two women were eating here, one sandwich plate would probably feed both amply. I usually don't get fries because they detract from the main event.I am told that the proprietor of this fine establishment went to the Culinary Instititute of America.There is no lame shi shi decorum here. Very straight forward good food.
4	Ended up here randomly while looking for someplace new to eat. We ordered something involving a lion and a turkey something sandwich--both were delicious! Staff was nice and they had homemade lemonade to boot. Appetizers, salads, and desserts sounded tasty too--will definitely be going back!
5	Love this place.  Gilbert has some great food and Flancers is one of the best.  We have tried 7 different sandwiches and love them all.  Our favorite being the chicken sandwiches.  Not fancy, but just great food and service.
5	The sandwiches at Flancers are some of the best in Gilbert.  I have tried so many and keep going back to try more and every single one so far is excellent.  Great place.
5	This place is one of the only reasons we miss living in Gilbert.  So good.  My husband's favorite sandwich is the "We must meat,..."
4	After 3 or 4 trips to Flancers, I'm convinced it's one of the best "mom and pop" places in the EV. Great sandwiches and Pizza, and the limited selection of Alcohol actually keeps things authentic. Sit back with your friends and enjoy the ambiance
5	Just back from Flancer's.  Decided to go after reading the reviews and since I was on my own for the night, I figured this was the time.I had pretty much made up my mind that I would be having either the Chili Verde Birdie Turkey or the Perfect Prickly Pear Chicken after perusing the menu on line.  Of course when Tanner came to take my order and started describing the special, which was the Pot Roast Sandwich, I was sold on that instead.  I'm glad I went for the special.  Tender pot roast, braised cabbage, french-fried onions on their fresh-baked bread!  Heaven.  True pot roast with pieces of carrot, onion and celery mixed in was just too good for words.  The way I figured, I can go back and have one of the other sandwiches another time because I absolutely intend to go back.  Just as everyone else has said, the french fries are a must.  I am not a major french fry fan but I wolfed those down pretty fast.  Can't wait until I go back again.  It's almost my birthday so friends and family take note:  you will be treating me at Flancer's!!!
5	Since our first outing to Flancer's, we have returned there probably 7 times.  My wife and I were bored and looking for something different to eat, and saw Flancer's highly recommended on Yelp.  The help is very, very friendly and helpful with recommendations.  Our first outing, I had the "We Must Eat, I ain't Lion" filet mignon sandwich, and my wife ordered the "Its about Thyme".  My sandwich was good, but the "Its about Thyme" is just outstanding.  Their bread is always very fresh, and the chicken tastes perfect with the thyme.  Since that first time, my wife has changed to ordering the "Perfect Prickly Pear Chicken" sandwich, but I continue to order the "Its about Thyme."I would highly recommend anyone with a craving for great service and great food to stop by Flancer's and try the "Its about Thyme."
4	I had the chicken sandwich.  The meat was perfection as well as the bread.  The sandwich did lack a bit of flavor (it needed some type of sauce (I did ask for no mayo).  The reason for only 4 stars is the lack of flavor and the tomatoes were not fresh.  This has got to be one of the best sandwich places in AZ.
5	Not only are the sandwiches great but the service is just spectacular.  Go there a few times and they'll never forget your name.  It would be impossible for me to recommend one sandwich.  I'm partial to the, It's about thyme but I also love the philly, the hoagie and countless others.  The thing that makes their sandwiches so great is the bread.  (They bake their own).  The green chile mayonaise is awesome too!  If your sandwich doesn't have come with it then I recommend you order a side for your fries.Although they have pasta and pizza, stick to the sandwiches.  They are just too good to pass up
5	Those who have never heard or been to Flancer's are missing out for sure.  I came across it by accident and it has been one of my favorite places to eat for more than probably 5+ years.The french fries alone get them 5 stars (as many agree).  I get ranch with them....mmmm.  If you go there and don't get them, or at least try 1 fry you are depriving yourself of pure ecstasy.  Honest.I always get their philly cheesesteak sandwich.  I could eat one everyday of my life probably.  Their fresh bread is amazing, crusty goodness.  I haven't tried any of the other sandwiches (I don't venture out much with my menu selections) but friends and family I've gone with never complain about their choices.  Their hot-wings are pretty dang good too.The staff has always been super friendly and they are willing to do any special requests...food wise.  On the weekends, for lunch its usually pretty packed.  The lobby or waiting area isn't very big so if you do have to wait for a table its a little hectic up front, not complaining because its worth waiting for!  They have nice outdoor seating and have even allowed us to bring our dogs on the patio to eat.  Thumbs up!
3	I wasn't really impressed with this place, but I wasn't really disappointed either.  When we first walked in, I was really confused with the layout, and we actually stood in the middle of the doorway for like 10 minutes before they bothered to seat us.  I was mostly confused because I saw like 3 empty tables.  Once we sat down, our drinks were promptly brought out to us and continually refilled.  I always appreciate that.  We ordered the mozz triangles to start because we were famished and then I got the bacon and gorgonzola burger.  The mozz triangles were really yummy with gooey cheese on the inside and surprisingly crispy outsides.  The fries with my burger were really quite good and seasoned well.  The burger is where things fell a little flat.  The meat tasted completely unseasoned and was very well done.  I much prefer medium, but there are certainly places where a well done burger can still be tasty and juicy.  This really wasn't one of them.  The burger as a whole wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  I guess I don't really understand all the love this place gets when it really just seems okay to me.
3	I guess it serves me right for ordering a burger at a sandwich place.  I ordered some southwestern-style burger and the meat was so dry and boring, it had me craving a nasty Five Guys burger.  I was really disappointed in this place.  Besides the ungodly wait (despite tables being open), the appetizer cheese triangle things were pretty good and the service was excellent.  I might give this place another chance when I feel like having a sandwich.  I would not recommend this place for a burger though.
5	So good....I was impressed. There are so many sandwich joints these days, it is hard to find the good ones. Flancer's makes it happen! Nice menu with lot's of options....Yum! Go there!
5	OMG.  I wish I could eat here every single day.I've only been twice (sadly) but will be going here often now that I've discovered them.Absolutely DELICIOUS.  YUMMY.  TASTY.  AWESOME.First time we went a little nuts and ordered a couple appetizers as well as sandwhiches.  Had the Goat Cheese Bruschetta as well as the Green Chili Mushroom Phyllos.  Both delish, but very different.  The bruschetta is for balsamic vinegar lovers.  The phyllos are for mushroom/cream cheese lovers.For sandwiches we had the It's About Thyme Chicken and Still Crazy After All These Years Veggie (we split them, of course, I'm not that much of a pig!).  They were both HEAVENLY.  Can I use that word to describe sandwiches??  Well I am.  The chicken is full of mushroomy-cheesy goodness, and the veggie was so unique with the beer battered mozzarella!The 2nd time we went, I ordered the Chile Verde Birdie Turkey and was mildly disappointed, I think because I was expecting it to be a hot sandwich and got a cold one instead (my bad for not reading the menu carefully enough).  If I had read the menu more carefully and knew what to expect I would have been much more pleased with it.  My fault, not theirs.Oh, both times had the prickly pear lemonade (spiked of course) - very tasty.The only knock I will give this place is the guy who might run the place (not sure, either that or he wishes he did).  Both times we've come we wanted to sit on the patio outside and he gave us trouble each time about it.  Really?  Then why have a patio??But I am still giving this place 5 stars because I so LOVE, LOVE, LOVE their food.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Great food, very friendly service.  We will definitely be back.  I had the prickly pear chicken sandwich with fries.  I'm thinkin' it was a good choice but my husband had a chicken parm sandwich that looked pretty good as well.  (It must have been good because he never even offered me a bite!)  Very casual atmosphere, with football on the TVs.  Seems like a good place to catch a game while eating tasty food.
2	I would love to tell you how the food was here.  I would be thrilled if I could write an 8 page diatribe that makes you drool because I describe the various tastes so well.  But I can't.We hit this up on the recommendation of a friend on a Friday night.  Of course it's Friday in Gilbert, so we know it might be a little busy, but only one group was waiting when we got there. We walk in and wait, and someone comes up to us and says "2? It will be a few, what's your name" and then walks off after putting our name on the list.  I grab 2 menus and we start to wait.The food must be great here, because the place was packed!  We watched, stomachs growling as plate after loaded plate was set out for delivery to the dining masses. After about 10 minutes, we decided to grab a seat outside, as we kept getting trampled by the staff (it's not a big place.)  We sit, and see that there are now quite a few people waiting, all but the one group having arrived well after we did.   And then the magic moment came, several groups had finished their meal and were on their way!The group before us (about 5 or 6 people) were seated, and we continued to patiently wait.  At this point it had been 20 minutes, which in my mind exceeds the "a few" we were quoted upon arrival, but we were willing to be chill and wait it out.Then....(insert dramatic mood music here) a server came out and called a name on the list.....it was not my name, and no one in the line responded to it.  She called it a few more times, and someone who just walked in 5 minutes before stood up and said did you call Becky (name changed to protect the stranger) - not even close.  The server said "No, but come on anyhow" and allowed this person to jump the line.  At that point we had enough hunger and thirst and went elsewhere.I cut a LOT of slack to servers, especially when they are busy, but the attitude and the service we saw in the 20 plus minutes of simply waiting left us cold.  I'd be willing to go back and give them a try, but I might pack a snack first.
4	I went once, just to try this famous Chile Verde Birdie or something like that. And it turned out to be one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. We've been back. And plan to keep doing so. If it had a nice outdoor patio, it would be perfect. Definitely one of our favorite neighborhood joints.
3	I've eaten here twice.  The 1st time I wanted to give it 5 stars & my wife leaned towards 4 stars.  Very nice ma & pa type place, friendly staff, fairly quick service, excellent selections.  The second time we went back the food was far less desirable, maybe it was the cook, I don't know.  I will probably go back again, I really Want to think the 2nd visit was the fluke and not the 1st visit.
5	I'll keep this one short and sweet. The only thing I can say about Flancers is that Flancers is AWESOME. By far the best lunch spot in town. The one in Gilbert is small and gets packed for lunch. The staff at the Gilbert location is awesome I feel like Norm from cheers when I walk in. Big Myke, Ben, Thomas and everyone else treat the customers of Flancers like they are their best friends.Must have are: Best Cheesesteak in town, the It's About Tyme Sandwich, Pizza, and the french fries. I really wish there was a Flancers in the Arcadia area.
5	Staff is great and so is the food. The Chef is CIA trained so you know the food will be good  Start off the meal with the beer of the day. You must order a sandwich. We love the "We must meat, I ain't lion" and the "It's about Thyme." Be sure to save room for the cobbler of the day!
1	So where do I start? There was a long line to get in, so the foods has got to be good. Only problem is that I never made it inside to eat! My friend and I arrived and it wasn't what i had expected. I thought it would be a local neighborhood bar with good food. It's not, it's a tinie tiny diner that looked kind of dumpy. We walked in and added our names to the long list. We tried waiting inside but the ogling from the sex predator cook made it strange and we had to sit outside. After waiting for 10 min the hostess came out and was looking for a party that had already left due to the wait, she called their name and when there wasn't a response she just grabbed a couple that had just arrived.! What ! This place is crap! We were waiting!! We ended up leaving and going to Liberty Market, now that place is great! Sorry I hate leaving bad reviews, but it was a terrible experience.
4	The food is great and the staff is friendly.  The only reason they didn't get a 5 star review is because of the small waiting area.  It can get really crammed; especially in the summer time, when noone wants to be outside.  I really can't recommend any one particular item, because you can't go wrong with anything you order.
1	My husband visiited this place yesterday for lunch even though I told him of my poor experience.  He came back with an even worse story than mine! EEWWWW!  Lets just say that he'd be doing a service to the good people of Gilbert if he called the health inspector.  GORDON RAMSAY WHERE ARE YOU? I know lets send Man Vs. Food into this place, on second thought, no one derserves this type of punisment!
5	MY FAVORITE PLACE TO EAT!  HANDS DOWN!  When friends/relatives come to visit; this is the first place we go.  I love the Two Tickets to paradise sandwich, the chili verde birdie and the peach cobbler!  LOVE LOVE LOVE FLANCERS!
4	I went to both locations that Flancers has in Mesa and GilbertMesa- food was good, I had the new Shrimp Sand which that they offered with french fries that were really good, the bread was also great.The only complaint I have about the Mesa location was the staff, our waitress had a verbal argument with the manager in front of all the diners.. and the manager argued right back at her. It was very bad management and didnt make us feel "at home.." service was lacking.Gilbert- had the same sandwich, I asked for shredded lettuce on the sandwich and our waiter proceeded to tell me that it had shredded lettuce on the sandwich (which i knew wasn't true).. went ahead and let him have his way.. and low and behold DIDNT have shredded lettuce. He apologized but the whole situation was annoying.Overall there food is awesome, but the staff could be a little more educated on manners and how to treat patrons.
5	OMG !! This place is so good. Well at least the Chili Verde Birdie is great. It's so good I never order anything else. I get it with bacon and avocado. Fresh bread that they bake and pulled turkey breast make this place unbeatable. One of the best sandwiches eva !!!!!Oh yeah, my wife says the other food is pretty good also. Especially the BLTA (bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado) !! Small place, can have a wait at times. Nice people , friendly servers. Consistently good food.
4	This place has a good small town feel to it as it reminds me of places in the Midwest.  I've been here about 4-5 times and the food has always been incredible.  The sandwich that stands out to me was the "No Bones About It Chicken" sandwich, which was a breaded chicken sandwich with hot wing sauce.  You could tell the bread was homemade and fresh as it was soft.  This sandwich is incredible and very flavorful!  Definitely a favorite if you enjoy chicken wings as I do.  The "Goat Cheese Bruschetta" is delicious as well.  I've seen the pizzas and have heard a lot of good things about them, but have yet to try one.  The staff here are all very friendly and nice.  This is definitely one of my favorite places to grab a sandwich in the Gilbert area.  It is a little small but I've never really had to wait.
4	Goodness gracious, Flancer's is not for the light eater or the small stomach! It took me far too long to stop into this tiny little shop considering that I live ever so close, and am always complaining about the lack of awesome food in this area.  The menu was so impressive that I had to have my server come back three times because I could not decide what to order! I ordered the BLTA with fries, and let me tell ya, I don't know how anyone gets through an entire sandwich.  I snarfed down the AMAZING fries, and half my delectable sandwich, and had to box the rest.  I could hardly get into my car, and don't tell anyone, but I definitely unbuttoned the ole' pants once I was out of public view.  OMG.My one-star deduction is because upon arriving home, I flopped onto my bed for some rest because my stomach was working overtime on the BLTA, and next thing I knew, it was 3 a.m.!! I lost my entire evening to my sandwich.  All discomfort aside, the food was outstanding, the prices were right for the quality of the meal, and I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu as soon as I can budget out the time to recover afterwards.
5	So it's been almost a year exactly since I first tried Flancer's and have been back several times. This time it was my choice for my bday dinner and so it was me and my fiance dining. And lo and behold it was time for the pot roast sandwich special again. Had to have it, loved it as much as last year. Rushing ahead though. I have never had Flancer's pizza so rather than do a regular appetizer, I had a slice of cheese pizza. The crust was perfect. Heck, the whole slice was perfect. Definitely must order a whole pie at some point. Fiance ordered the green chile bacon cheddar fries for an appetizer. So decadent and good. An instant favorite. Back to the pot roast sandwich. You can't beat tender pot roast with cabbage and crunchy thin pieces of onion on Flancer's bread. I had sweet potato fries this time and they are just as good as the regular fries. Fiance had the baked chipotle fettuccine, which has become a favorite for him. As good as ever though he said next time he's trying something else just because all of their food is so good. I'd signed up for Flancer's email club and had an email for a free cobbler dessert since it was my bday. It was strawberry/apple cobbler and again, perfection. Not too sweet so that eating it with the delicious vanilla bean ice cream was just right. And to make our night even better, even though we didn't have a party of 4 that would have gotten us a free appetizer too, our server talked to the manager and they gave me my pizza slice free because we had such a good order. (Ordering a bunch of food finally paid off. Yes!) Bottom line, I just love Flancer's. The service is always great, the staff is so friendly and the food is incomparable. Well done, Flancer's. Well done.
5	No longer a believer in DDD.I thought Guy Fieri was into good food. I used to look at the places his stomach would conquer in amazement and have even allowed my fat heart take trips out to some of those areas.The fact that he has not stopped by Flancer's has burned a hole in whatever organ it is in our body that allows us to trust someones judgement.I used to force people to drive from Scottsdale, Glendale, Goodyear, and Phoenix just to try Flancer's. They all became instant fans and the only complaint ever heard about the distance to get there was that our lunch break was not long enough to make it a lunch option.Now that I am in Dallas, TX my wife and I find ourselves missing this place. The "We must meat I aint lion" sandwich is just so awesome.Go to this place.
5	We've been to Flancers many times and its always been great.  Its hard not to get the Philly Cheese-steak as it is *perfection*, but we've loved everything else we've ordered there too.  The place is very down to earth and could do with a makeover, but overall we really like it.  The staff is friendly and do a great job overall.
5	Great place to eat.  Their sandwiches are the best.     The homemade bread is out of this world.    Great servers.    Eat there at least once a week.       We need to get a campaign going to get Guy Fieri to feature Flancers on tripe DDD.
4	Chili verde birdie all the way!!! Make sure to add avocado. The bread is fresh and wonderful. Sweet potato fries are pretty good though not the best I have had. I have had the "we must meat, I aint lion" and it was ok. I think I am just not a big fan of steak sammiches (unless they are like phily cheesesteaks) and gorganzola cheese. The prices are good and the service has always been decent. The biggest problem is that when you come during lunch hours, the place is packed and they don't seem to know how to estimate wait times. We were told 15 min one time and were stuck waiting for over a half hour. Overall, a very good place to eat. Guy should pay a visit here.
4	Had their jalapeno cheese mashed potato pie. Tasty and spicy but very small. Pretty much like a small potato pancake. Get the sweet potato fries instead of your side. They are delectable!
5	Judging by the twenty minute wait to be seated for lunch at 1 PM on a Friday afternoon, Flancer's Cafe in Gilbert (there's one in Mesa, too), doesn't need any publicity from me. There's also more than 50 mostly four and five star reviews on Yelp. And  the Arizona Republic gave it a glowing review in September. After our lunch, I can tell you that Ken and I heartily agree with all the praise.     Flancer's is a small, unpretentious place. The menu is basically bar food - wings, salads, sandwiches, pizza, and some pasta. What made it worth our 30 minute drive is the care and thought that goes into the preparation. Jeff Flancer, the owner, is a graduate of the Culinary Institute of America. When he gives you a steak sandwich, its a filet mignon sandwich ($10.75), tender and cooked to order - and served on a freshly baked homemade roll. With caramelized onions and house made chipotle mayo that has the perfect amount of kick. Oh, and gorgonzola cheese, too. Accompanied with an interesting choice of sides, like jalapeno & cheddar mashed potato pie or sweet potato fries. Ken says that Jeff knows what people like to eat, then he thinks of a way to improve on it. Like the onion soup ($3/5) that has a ton of cheese on top, not the thin slice that lots of places try to get away with these days. The pastrami in Ken's "Cure Heaven" sandwich (every item on the menu has a name) was very flavorful, served hot with provolone and mustard ($8). Portions are large, but not overwhelming. The only disappointment was the pickle - not bad, but not up to the level of the rest of the meal.     For nine years, Jeff had a restaurant in Santa Fe. There are a number of dishes using a variety of chilis, like the Santa Fe BLT ($8) that comes with New Mexican green chili mayonnaise. Or the Baked Chipotle Fettuccini (Jeff's spelling) ($11): "Baked fettuccini with sausage, pepperoni & ground beef with chipotle cream marinara sauce & melted mozzarella cheese". An appetizer I have to try is Flancer's Green Chile Mushroom Phyllos ($7.50).     Something that shines through at Flancer's is pride in the staff (our waiter was excellent), and caring for the community. On the website there are pictures and bios of many of the staff members. If you order a particular dessert, proceeds are donated to a youngster from the community who needs a heart transplant. There are raffles and a yearly pizza eating contest with proceeds also going to charity. The vibe here is really good.      Flancer's is open daily from 10:30 to 9 PM, with Happy Hour from 3 - 7 (they serve a Prickly Pear Lemonade spiked with vodka that sounds really good). There's free wi-fi, and on some nights there's music. Check out the menu on their website.
4	Okay, we drive here from Scottsdale to eat lunch....it's fab! Homemade EVERYTHING, including the bread they use on their sandwiches. I've been meaning to try the salads for a couple of years, but can't get past the delish sandwiches, which are consistently perfect!This place gets crowded (remember what they say about a good restaurant and a wait)  but is worth every minute of a wait. I only wish they would open a Scottsdale location, but driving to Gilbert is worth it to eat here. The wait staff is very friendly and they get your food to you the second it comes up, so it's super fresh. Try it, you'll love it!
4	Flancer's has the most AMAZING sandwiches put that together with a great staff, that's what makes this one of my favorite places in town to eat!
5	Flancer's has quickly become a mainstay of my diet, for better or worse.  It is so delicious, in fact, that I've taken to purchasing their holiday pre-cooked meals so I can pig out without having the dishes to wash. I can't even begin to enumerate the reasons that Flancer's is my go-to spot for dinner, lunch or even just a snack.  I can say that the "We Must Meat, I Ain't Lion.." is a triumph of a sandwich, and it's hard to not order it every time.  The club is also excellent, as is the "Hoagie and Bacall."  I wasn't quite as wild about the Baked Chipotle Fettucini as I had planned to be... but no matter.The service is always solid, and the food is incredibly consistent.  I have never been disappointed, and will keep coming back to Flancer's, week after week, to put myself into my favorite sandwich-style food coma.  No longer feel that I should deduct a star for this curious phenomenon, as it is totally worth it. Mmmm, Death by Sandwich...
5	Consistently awesome. Pizza, salads, sandwiches... I've tried most of it and it never fails to impress. Loves the atmosphere and the staff.
5	Delicious!  Last night I had a wonderful pizza with pineapple, black olives, and bacon!  And a fabulous side dish of pesto sauce for dipping.  So it isn't fancy or well decorated, but the service is simple and friendly, the food is amazing and simply fresh and their passion iced tea is delightful.  SOY FREE pizza for those of you with food allergies!!!
4	Side salad is great. Love the addition of the garbonzo beans. They also have a terrific balsamic dressing. Their cobbler is pretty good, love the crunchy topping, however, was not a fan of the filling that day. I think it an apple rhubarb. Not much of a fan of rhubarb. Make sure you ask what flavor the cobbler is if you are planning on ordering it.
4	anything with that green chile mayo is crack in your mouth. so good!
3	~~~sticker shock~~~Three of us ate here and we all really enjoyed our sandwiches...in fact they were darn good!                                     ~~~sticker shock~~~We passed the sandwiches around and shared so we could all try each others.  The prime rib was very good (no sticker shock for a prime rib sandwich), the club was very good and the patty melt was very good.                                    ~~~sticker shock~~~The bread was very good and all the ingredients were high quality.                                   ~~~sticker shock~~~A soda is nearly $2.50 and we got nickeled and dimed a bit...leading to us trying to figure out how 3 sandwiches and 2 sodas came to nearly $40 bucks!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~sticker shock~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
5	This place rocks! It's small, but quirky. We had the 1/2 tuna and side of jalepeno cheddar potatoes, and it was great.We also had the "its about thyme" chicken sandwich 1/2 with the wedge salad.  Holy crap that was good!  Also split a slice of pizza.  We got the "goat to have it." That was pretty much one of the best pieces of pizza I've ever had.  The goat cheese made that pizza like heaven.  Only found this place thanks to Groupon, but its a new favorite now!!!
2	Went there last night and got the Baked Chipotle Fettucini and the Two Tickets to Paradise Shrimp Sandwich.  This is the second time I have been there, and the second time it was just ok.  We went because we had a Groupon.  If you don't know what that is, you should check it out, Groupon.com.  Amazing deals here in Phoenix.  Megan's pasta took a long time, so when we finally got our food, hers was very hot, and mine was barely warm, obviously had been sitting there for a good long while waiting for hers to get done.  I had a green chili mashed potato with my sandwich that was just a few degrees away from cold.  I ate it because I was hungry, but should have sent it back.  Shrimp on the sandwich had a really good flavor, but was also just a few degrees away from being cold. I expected the pasta to be spicy, but that's all it was, spicy.  Didn't really have much extra flavor but spicy.  Diet coke was good.  I have never had the pizza here, I have read that  it's really good.  If someone invites me here, we will get that, otherwise, I won't be back.  Cold food is a turnoff.  Kitchen should have planned better so food would have come out at the same time.
4	We took our groupon here and had a good experience. Only reason it's not 5 is because of how rushed the experience was. We went around lunch time on a weekday and had a 15 minutes wait and then waiting about 5-10 minutes before we were asked for drink/appetizer orders. The food was all perfect. We had the goat cheese bruchetta that was heavenly! Boyfriend and I shared the Prickly Pear chicken sandwhich and WOW...I had no idea such wonderful flavors come from the desert :)  Boyfriend also got a soup of the day Sausage Minestrone, which was also spot on! The sandwhich came with a side and we tried the jalepeno cheddar potato pie (based on yelp recommendation) and I was impressed by the great combo of flavors. I will definitely go back!!! Advice: avoid peak eating times if you don't want to wait!
2	I have been here a few times in the past but not in years.  The other day I stopped in to grab lunch at 1:20pm and was put on a wait list 5 groups long.  The most frustrating part was that their were 5 tables open inside and a full open patio outside.  The cooks were twiddling their thumbs with nothing to do and there were easily 4 employees total just kinda hanging out.  I waited 15 minutes thinking there had to be a reason we couldn't sit in these empty tables and at least sip on an ice tea... but there was not, or at least no one explained to us why all of us were standing inside and out waiting to be seated.I finally left at 1:37 because I had an appt. I had to be at by 2pm.  I remember the food being decent but i was very disappointed in the lack of concern from the staff that day.
5	Need a great sandwich and excellent wait staff.    Great desserts.    Go there at least once a week.    Highly recommend Flancer's.    You will not be disappointed.
4	Delicious sandwiches. A great lunch spot with really friendly service too!
4	I went here for linner today as I had a groupon (yay for using up my groupons!). The BF and I got there around 3 oclock so the place wasn't so busy, there were still a few tables in there, though. They have some interesting things on their menu, but I decided to be kind of safe and got the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad combo with the thyme chicken and goat cheese salad. They were both good, but the sandwich was better than the salad. The salad looks like they always use the same base salad and then just throw the extras that make it a 'specialty' salad on top. That was alright though. I thought the fried goat cheese was good, the balsamic that I got with it was weirdly thick, but tasted good. The chicken on the sandwich was tasty. The thing that got me was they make this huge deal out of their making their own bread, but it's not anything special. It kind of tastes like nothing.... weird. The BF got the still crazy after all these years sandwich, which is fried mozzarella and veggie (which was what I wanted! but the BF is pickier than me so I let him have it). This was pretty good too.... I mean, what isn't when it's fried? He said the sandwich would have been better had it had fried tomatoes and melted cheese instead of fried cheese.... I thought it tasted good. He got fries as his side (even though I urged him to get the mashed potato pie thing.... *sigh) and they were good, they tasted kind of beer battered. Although this place was good, I wouldn't wait in line to eat here.
5	One of my favorite places! Amazing subs, love the Hatch green chile on the burger, filet mignon sandwich, the bread is amazing. Cool place and staff - have to check it out!
4	First time we went there, we were told it was a 20 minute wait.  After 30 minutes, the hostess said there were still 3 people in front of us.  We had to leave because of an appointment.  Frustrating to see all of the empty tables.Gave it another try and loved it.  Very friendly waiter and delicious food.  I had a turkey sandwich and the bread was delicious.  Husband loved his Philly Cheesesteak.  Must come back and try other items.
4	This place has REALLY, REALLY tasty food.The kids and I dropped in for an early dinner, and we liked everything we tried.The Prickly Pear Chicken Sandwich is what I had.  Prickly pear marinated chicken breast with lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise & melted provolone, and I substituted for the green chile mayonnaise for 25 cents.  It was seasoned chicken on a freshly baked baguette and was VERY tasty.  The chicken was made super-tender by the marination and had a fabulous taste to it.My daughter had the kid's menu cheeseburger and fries and she really liked it.The boy had 6 medium buffalo wings and the chicken strip appetizer.  He compared the strips to the ones they serve at Rock-n-Roll Chicken Fingers, which is HIGH PRAISE indeed, because those are the best we have ever had.For dessert we shared the "Fresh Half Baked Cookie with Ice Cream $5.00" and it reminded us of the cookie dessert at Oregano's which is basically the same thing.  We sere split on it - my daughter liked this one better, but the boy and I like Oregano's version a little better.  Either way, it was YUMMY !!The waitress was efficient but a little "distant" like she was just going through the motions.  She seemed to be in a bad mood maybe - so I'm not going to ding the restaurant for that - but I hope I get someone in a better mood next time we eat there.And there WILL be a next time.  Great little place to eat.
5	It seems like we go to Flancers every week now!  They really have a great menu, friendly staff and nice atmosphere.  My 4 year old son loves to enter into the coloring contest and the childrens portions are generous, a perfect place to take your kids.On our last visit, my wife and I split a fish sandwich, and  a half salad half chili verde birdie.. yum!  Just a great place, if you are out in the east valley/Mesa, you have to find Flancers and give them a try.. you'll be back.
1	I am honestly shocked by the amazing reviews for this restaurant. We read them and went with such high expectations of amazing food and atmosphere. Maybe it was our fault we were so let down, but we won't make the mistake of going here ever again. We walked in to find that it was a complete dive. Flies were buzzing about and servers were standing around bored. It just seemed so dirty and unkempt. Ok... maybe the food would blow us away...We read reviews on the fabulous fresh baked bread so we knew we had to order sandwiches. My sandwich was mostly dry, shredded iceberg with a blob of mayo, dry turkey that looked like it met its fate under a lawnmower. Thank god I paid extra for avocado and bacon.... because those were the only things I could taste at all. The bread was so BLAND and plasticky. It was just... not good. And it was beyond expensive for what we got. If you have a palate more sophisticated than that of a 4 year old, this is not the place for you.
5	This. Place. Is. Awesome. :) This is like the trifecta of awesome little cafes. The food is amazing, the staff is super friendly, and the atmosphere is great. You can't lose!I HIGHLY suggest the "Goat to Have It" salad, if you're into that kind of thing. It's pretty much heaven. They also have incredible sandwiches and... Da-Da-Da-DAAA!!! They serve KIltlifter!!! :) This place is fantastic and you need to try it over and over. 'Nuff said.
5	Great service, dive-y diner with exceptionally gourmet sandwiches and pizza. Their fries are golden and delicious. I love their cheesesteaks and homemade bread. Hot wings are uniquely spicy and meaty. Never had a bad experience here!!
4	Always great food and great service. The Prickly Pear sandwich is a classic. I recommend the chicken wings and pizza. The restaurant has a cozy feel and it's great to patronize a locally owned establishment.
5	Oh how I love Flancer's.  I love the thyme sandwich and salad.  The lion sandwich.  Pasta.  Appetizers are really great. We head over there any chance we get and I alwys recommend to all my friends. No I don't work for them. I'm serious. The it's about thyme sandwich is what I asked for after I had my 5th child. Yep. You won't be disappointed.
5	The sandwiches and fries don't get any better!  Homemade bread, beer battered fries...and the nicest servers around. Oh, and HUGE cups with speedy refills IF you ever need them.The Gilbert location is small and nothing fancy - but it's always a good time at Flancers!  The Mesa location (newer, bigger - not as good food IMO)I almost always get the Prickly Pear sandwhich - - they marinate the chicken in some secret sauce and it is just so so good.  My husband almost always gets the Phily cheesesteak which he says is one of the best he's ever had.Sometimes there is a wait and be advised, the waiting area is usually OUTSIDE. But if you must cram with the other patrons in the AC, they will be awesome Gilbert folks so it isn't all that bad:)
3	I bought  a Groupon here a few months ago and finally made the trip here to use it. I have been reading about this place for a while so I was excited to finally try it.The BF ordered a Philly Cheesesteak and I had the half sandwich (Prickly Pear Chicken) and salad (Spinach Pear) combo. We also ordered some green chile cheese fries to share. The Green Chile fries were good. It had ample cheese, bacon and green chile ratio to the amount of fries. My Prickly Pear Chicken sandwich was good but I liked the Philly Cheesesteak better. My BF, on the other hand, liked the chicken sandwich better so he offered to switch out the rest of my sandwich. The bread was tasty and you can tell it was freshly baked.The spinach salad was okay. I was expecting a cold refreshing spinach salad and was kind of surprised that the pears, bacon and dressing was warm on top of the bed of spinach. The warm topping wilted the spinach a bit and it was almost like I was eating sauteed spinach instead of a salad. I will stick to the sandwiches next time. The resturant is kind of small. It reminds me more of a place where you order at the counter and go find yourself a seat while waiting for your food but its not. They do offer table service. It was also kind of warm inside because of the close proximity of the kicthen  to the dining area since the space is so small but it wasn't anything too unbearable.
1	I honestly have no idea what everyone is so excited about.  We ate here last night and it was awful.  I will say that we did not order any of the sandwiches but we did order the garlic bread and a pizza. First the service was horrible - the hostess gave me attitude when I tried to ask her how long the wait would be and the waiting area is so tiny we had to continuously navigate the family around all of the serving traffic.The garlic bread was awful, soggy, and did not contain even an ounce of real garlic but was liberally doused with garlic powder.  Honestly it tasted like they spread margarine on thin white bread and sprinkled it with garlic powder. Blah.The pizza was so lacking in flavor I could have been eating toppings spread on plain tomato sauce on cardboard.Paired with one soda the bill came out to $28.00 - as we left my husband joked and said we could have eaten five Little Cesar's pizzas for that price and it would  have tasted better. Needless to say we will not be eating here again.
5	I think this is the highest rating I've given yet. I love this place it makes everyone in my family happy. When you enter it is awkward as there is nowhere to go so you just hope they will have a table ready or it's winter and not hot outside. I order the same thing when I go (this is a pattern in most of my reviews) the Turkey sandwich with green chile mayo, avocado and bacon. Basic right? Until you put it all on their bread - oh my gosh - that bread or bun whatever they call it is so incredible! Couple that with nice service, quirky decor, and good beer in bottles and it's one of my favorite places to go!
3	I love me a good sandwich and Flancer's delivers!  We shall start with the bread, as it is fantastic.  Good flavor, perfect level of chewiness, and not all hard and crusty.  These guys get the bread right.  I had the shrimp sandwich, because I love the combo of shrimp and avocado.  The shrimp was overseasoned so it stood out, but the flavor profiles fit well together.  In all, a very satisfying lunch experience.Flancer's missed the fourth star because the shrimp was overseasoned and the sweet potato fries (that cost a dollar extra) were just so-so.
4	I have driven by Flancer's so many times and said "I need to try that place" to myself every time I do.  Well the time finally came!  My friend Robyn N. had a Groupon and invited me to luch. For some reason I was thinking it was a tad more upscale than it actually is but that's not a bad thing.  I only really say the front half of the restaurant because we were seated just inside the door. It's sort of a divey little place with the kitchen visable as you walk in. It could be a little cleaner for my taste. Don't get me wrong, we didn't stick to the table or the seats but I then I grew up with a mom who was a little OCD and our kitchen floor was so clean you could eat off of it.  The service was fast and friendly.  We had the goat cheese bruscheta and it was yummy!!!  There were 5 good size slices.  That was pleanty to share.  For lunch I tried the cheesesteak.  Oh so good!!  The bread was so fresh and yummy and the cheesesteak had great flavor.  The cheese was nicely melted and the meat was tender.  I also had sweet potato fries that were a lovely crispy treat!  Will I go back....you bet!  I won't be so apt to drive right by now.
5	Oh man this place is good.  Anyone that is smart enough to combine great fries, green chillies, Bacon and cheese together gets big time points from me.  They also make all of their breads which is killer.  Creative sandwiches, good beers, amazing service, fresh food, good pizza.  Homemade stuff in an open kitchen from people who "get" food. It is a little small and cramped and if you have to wait, you better be ready to wait outside because I always feel like an ogre trying to wait in the inside 3X3 waiting area.
5	My husband and I love Flancer's!  We've tried several sandwiches and salads, as well as a few of the appetizers.  Everything has tasted great!  The service is good, the waitstaff friendly and they have tv's if you don't want to miss the game.  If you are looking for some good food, in a casual, relaxed atmosphere from a local business, then I would highly recommend this place.
3	Always good. Pass on the pasta dish. Disappointing. Also they make a Pizzookie that is supposed to be half cooked and it was not even 20% cooked. I mentioned it to our waiter (worst one we ever had there. Thomas I think) and he said "it's supposed to be like that" then walked away! Awesome customer service.Rating is down from a 4 or 5 due to service. Maybe it will be better if we go back again.
5	So another time and the same place and I cannot tell you how great this place is. Their pizzas are so delish, I have a hard time deciding between the pizza and sandwiches. Homemade breads are so delish, they should package them and sell them. Everyone is always so nice and just a great place. This time I did a to-go pizza and just taking it out of the oven when I walk in the door. YUM! pipping hot and so delish, they never skimp on the toppings and the crust is just perfect, light and a little crisp. I consider myself a regular and don't even hesitate on where to-go for my pizza now. There is no comparison!!!
3	I got the pizza and it was very dissapointing, soggy and tasted strangely. I will have to go back and try something else.The service was great and prices reasonable. I like the fact that they have the outside area. In the inside it feels cozy.
4	Anytime I go to Flancer's Cafe I order the Prickly Pear Chicken Sandwich. The chicken is always very moist and the marinade tastes awesome. What really makes this sandwich great is that it also comes on very soft roll. They also put this New Mexican green chile mayonnaise on it which tastes great. This sandwich keeps me coming back!
5	Best Cheesestake in AZ because of the bread I own Windy City Cafe and its better than Ours.  Good Job Guys
5	I've been to both locations and the Food is great! Love their Philly cheesesteak, Filet Mignon/Gorgonzola, and Prickly Pear chicken sandwiches.  The Pizza is good too.  Best app is the goat cheese bruschetta w/ balsamic.
4	Good sandwiches and pasta. Usually a bit of a wait, but well worth it. The prices are reasonable, but a downright steal when you can grab one of the many coupons they have floating around. Big fan of the prickly pear chicken sandwich -- hard to remember the name because each menu item has a special creative name.  Service is reliable and I've never waited for a refill.
1	the service was horrible!. We walked in & they looked at us like we were from another planet. One guy (the cook) couldn't help not taking his eyes off us which was very uncomfortable. No one said anything to us for a couple of minutes not a hello or anything. Finally a female host came & sat us. I will say she was the only polite, warm & friendly person in there to us. We couldn't help but notice the service others were getting around us. It seems to me they were a bit more friendly to other guest. On our way out we did not get a thank you, goodbye or please come again. RUDE RUDE RUDE!! The my fries were cold & hard.
3	Our first steak sandwich from you and it was good but I'm sorry to say its only half the size of a "philly cheesesteak"...maybe raise the price a bit and make it bigger! I had to buy my guy a taco from lulu's after dinner to fill him up....
5	Great food & great service every time I visit!
4	I Love this place. I had the vegetarian sandwich with sub- goat cheese...and it was wonderful. I am not vegan/ vegetarian either.I also had a bite of my friends turkey ...added Bacon and avocados...so good. The bread it so soft...and I highly recommend the potato cakes!!!
5	I had the Steak and cheese sandwich. It was amazing. The bread is perfect and the sandwich as a whole is one of the best I've had in the valley. Probably a short 2nd to vinci toris on elliot and mclintock but it is close. Since I live close to Flancers ill come here again often
5	Last Saturday night my husband went to Flancer's Cafe for dinner.  Neither one of us were very hungry but still wanted to eat.We ended up ordering a "special" pizza that really rivaled the pizzas we had experienced in Italy.  All the ingredients were so fresh. I didn't know pizza could taste so good.Don't let the "diner" deco turn you off, the food is fantastic and fresh!.Gail M.
4	Love Flancer's.  We've eaten here a few times since moving to Arizona. The food is awesome.  Not crazy about the atmosphere, inside is kind of tight and crowded, dive looking.  But the patio is nice.  Can't beat the food.  We've ordered Chicken tenders, cheesesteak, salad, phyllo mushroom appetizer, and a gorgonzola burger, which was the best burger I've had in AZ. Everything ordered has been excellent!  Service is a hit or miss, depends on who you get.
4	This place is great! The sandwiches are amazing and they bake the bread there. The jalepeno cheddar mashed potato thing is mmmmmm.
5	A find. That local place you love to discover, Delicious food, very reasonably priced and not the same old same old. Service was prompt and friendlyI can't wait to sample the other location also. We'll be regulars
3	An upgraded jimmy johns, Flancer's bread tastes JUST like the sandwich fast food place, which is a good thing, as it is baked fresh every day. They are known for their sandwiches but also carry good salads, pizza and calzones.Through not the best sandwiches I have had in AZ, for the $8-10 price range, the flavors are decent and the portions are filling. My italian sandwich was OK, nor super meaty but flavorful and fresh enough. I did the salad and sandwich combo with a side of goat cheese salad (with spinach, pine nuts, garbanzo beans and sun fried tomatoes. I highly highly encourage this option as 1) you get a pretty big meal that is mildly healthy, 2) the sides offered with a full sandwich are definitely not worth the $1 savings. The goat cheese salad was ok except for the overly chunky dressing and the super dry breaded goat cheese (which should have been creamy and sharp in flavor).Now, the sides. My friends ordered the fruit cup and the jalapeno mashed potatoes, which both sucked. The fruit cup was a tiny bowl with 3  1x1" pieces of cantaloupe while the mashed potatoes was a little bitter (from the jalapeno), was dry, lacked salt and came in like a fried cake with no remnant of  it ever being mashed potatoes. From what I saw being served around, the sweet potatoes are the thing to order, but since I haven't tried them myself, i'm gonna pull an NWA and say "don't quote me boy, I ain't said shit". ^ If you did not get the above reference then you are too young and I feel really sorry for you. If you did, *high five*Overall 3 stars for the flavor of the food, though I will say that the service was really good and I would definitely return for a quick bite to eat, but not necessarily recommend it to everyone.
5	Hands down one of my favorite places to eat.  They have a wide assortment of sandwiches, with the yummiest homemade bread Ever!! I recommend the Prickley Pear Chicken for a change of pace.  They also have delicious soups that change regularly.  Best part is--they are local and they support locals too!
5	What can I say? Flancer's is excellent. I have yet to have a bad dish there. If I were to have one complaint about Flancer's it would be it's popularity. It is completely common to pull into the parking lot and see all walks of life sitting outside waiting for their name to be called. It's not a large establishment!I ordered the Chili Verde Birdie sandwich which "rocked the ole' taste buds!" The pizzas are also not to be missed! Service is great and the ambiance is quite upbeat!Funny story, I was FB'ing with a friend and I had mentioned I was on my way to Flancer's for my first visit. Upon getting there, the manager (Jimmy) asked if I was the guy on Facebook chatting them up. Ultimately, Jimmy gave me a card for 15% off my next visit as a thank you! Now that's service!
4	Flancer's is amazing. The staff are amazing and the food is amazing. I can't think of a better place to go to for lunch [almost] every Saturday!! O:) Their sandwiches are a must have! I am a bit hooked on their prickly pear chicken sandwich, which I order....every. single. time! The chicken itself is delicious, it has a slight sweetness to it from the prickly pear marinade. Don't get me started on their fresh baked bread!! I try to eat healthier when we go out and I TRY to order the prickly pear chicken SALAD (no bread) but I cannot resist the bread! P.S. You can also get a free loaf of their bread if you check-in there on foursquare O:) I have also tried bites of many other sandwiches which my bf orders - they are ALL so good. They have amazing soups as well - they taste homemade and delicious! The staff are all so friendly, they are very knowledgeable of the menu and honest. They are another reason that brings me back here, nothing beats friendly service. The restaurant itself is very small but comfortable and lots of record albums covers on the wall to entertain you :)
4	We split the goat cheese burger and their version of a Margherita pizza. The burger was amazing, the pizza was flavorless and entirely forgettable. I would definitely go regularly to try other non-pizza items if we lived there. The decor was kitschy and not at all fitting with the menu.
5	The prickly pear and I ain't lion sandwiches bring hope for future world peace. Only love can exist when eating those masterpieces!!
5	I love, love, love this place! If I were on the  Oprah show, I'd pull a Tom Cruise and start jumping up and down on the couch proclaiming my love for Flancer's.I have tried many items on their menu... philly cheese steak sandwich, the "Guac and Roll" hamburger, various pizzas, the goat cheese/bruschetta appetizer, salads, and the tuna sandwich (they no longer serve it and I am crying on the inside about it).The prices are reasonable, the service is usually very good, and the food has always been tremendous. My husband and I take all of our family,  friends and out of town guests here if they have never tried it before. My only complaint is that it is too small. During the cooler months the place gets packed. I get that they are creating an ambiance, but when I want my Flancer's fix I detest waiting any longer then 10 minutes. Either seat me soon or I spend my food dollars elsewhere. If you've never tried Flancer's before, do it today! If you've eaten there before, what are you waiting for? Go back!
4	Flancer's is awesome. Their bread is fresh baked daily. The Philly cheese steak and We must meat I ain't lion are amazing! I have heard great things about the prickly pear chicken sandwich too. The only drawback is the the place is a little small.
5	Awesome food!!!!
5	Love this place...cool vibe, fresh breads, and unique options. So good.
1	This is ONLY about their wings, and I've heard that everything else on their menu is fine, though I've had several people tell me that this place is racist, unsolicited.And trust me, we wish we never came here.  Their wings were the absolute worst wings I've ever had, it was a nightmare of wing-eating and the absolute nadir for our site.  We've been to shitholes and dives and crackdens in search of wings, but the worst ones were right here at Flancers.  We wrote a review and apparently some people weren't too happy with it and kept telling us their sandwiches were great, but we didn't give a shit.  We didn't review a sandwich, we reviewed barely-edible wings.
4	Delicious sandwiches, made with freshly baked bread and high quality ingredients.  I tried some of the Philly sandwich, which was a little smaller than I thought it would be, but was very flavorful with great tender beef.  I had the "You Talkin' to Me" sandwich, which included fresh mozzarella, balsamic vinegar, tomatoes, mushrooms, roasted red pepper, greens, and caramelized onions.  Each ingredient was excellent and meshed well with the others.  The vibe here is small diner-esque, with classic rock albums lining the walls and classic hits playing on the speaker system.  I'd definitely like to come here again, maybe to try their happy hour as well as their sandwiches!
3	Food was good, service was not as I expected, and felt very crowded due to the small area.
5	I live in the West Valley and whenever I meet my family in the East valley it HAS to be Flancers.  I love the fresh baked bread and the philly style sandwich (get the green chilil mayo...soooo good) is my favorite.  I hear everything else is good but I don't know since I always get the same dang thing!  Maybe if I lived closer I would try more...
3	Lost its consistency lately. The tres leches is always awesome but lately it's getting smaller and the location in N Mesa makes it much better. With enough milk.The phylo appetizers are also much better in the north Mesa location. The Gilbert one really skimps on the amount of filling.Both locations make the best bLT. Make sure to get the spicy mayo and potato cake!Warning: The pasta dishes are all quite bad. Have been for years. They are def not known for the pastas.
4	I really like Flancer's Cafe.  My favorite item on the menu is the Prickly Pear chicken sandwich.   The service here is quick and the staff is friendly.  They serve Odell beer, too, so that's a big plus.  I like a lot of the restaurants in the downtown Gilbert area and Flancer's is definitely one to check out if you are in Gilbert.
2	I am a native of the original Cheese steak fare, so I have been searching for the nearest location that might meet my expectations with respect to the Philly Cheese steak that I know from years past.  To, date, to set the record straight, I have never ever been able to find any one place that comes near to the original sandwiches that I can get in that general area (Philadelphia).  To wit; I write this review of Flancer's, not to bash but to add perspective.The restaurant has an okay "feel" in a deli-style manner.  No complaints for me but just average.  The staff was nice and again, there are no complaints in this department as well.  The only issues that I have with this restaurant is that the missed the target completely with respect to the "Philly" Cheese-steak and I left about 21.00 poorer for the mistake I made going here for this sandwich.  The Cheese steak was nothing like anything I have ever had in that it was an OK sandwich but was more like a thinly sliced whole rib-eye (small sized however) placed between a homemade baked bread!  It was chunky, and not thinly sliced, like the "Philly" fare from home.  I could not find the onions that I so desired within it.  They were there but scarcely so indeed.  Extra or a la carte for everything on this menu.  Extra for the peppers, and extra for this and that, whew!  The list goes on.  They don't have the sense to incorporate these costs into the menu so that you are not pennied to death! I was so completely upset with myself for going there that I have vowed not to return again and even for another type of sandwich.  It is only 5 miles from my home; whereas, Corleone's in Tempe is about 20 miles from my home.  I will return to Corleone's in the future when I want a slice of home and even Corleone's is not a complete or exact match of the sandwich I know but they have been the most consistent place and nearest to the original sandwich that I can find in Arizona so far (after a decade here).  Gino's is just absolutely horrible.  I went once and have NEVER been back.  Finally, and sorry for the tangent, but I wanted to give perspective.  So, going forward, I am just stating the following in a nutshell: Miss Gino's completely, and in a pinch you can try Flancers but don't be surprised when your expectations are ruined on this sandwich, or you can travel to Mill Avenue in Tempe for Corleone's for an almost authentic "Philly" cheese steak fare that comes closest to the concept for this sandwich too (owners are apparently from the Philadelphia area).  This is a miss for me and I am not going back.
3	Decent food- the goat cheese bruschetta is highly recommended.  Prices though are a little high given the simplicity of food.  You'll find better subs/pizza/salads elsewhere for slightly lower prices.
1	Went to enjoy an afternoon in downtown Gilbert and decided to take the kids for pizza. What a disappointment! They were having a pizza eating competition and gave me a two seat table for three. I had to stand to eat. Then I watched the competition. Wow, what a fraud! The guy who really won has his integrity called into play because a plate was too clean. Wow what a management decision, or lack thereof. This guys plates were spotless while others were filled with scraps and stuff on the floor. The other guys were still eating after the time was over, and they counted it. I could keep going, Jimmy the uneducated creep. I suggest going to someplace else where the management spends less time creepily hitting on Miss Arizona and more time making the customers number one!
4	Green chili anything is awesome! I always go for chicken sandwich w/ green chili mayo. Been going there for years and can't ever order anything else. No need to when you go there for what you want. They now have 2 locations one in N Mesa is good but definitely not the original, watch out for snow birds!
5	Friendly service and great food... can't believe I didn't discover this place sooner... definitely will be back!
2	I don't know what happened?? They renovated the place, which did open the inside up a lot. But the food quality went down.  I LOVED THEIR FOOD. We've been back in a few times hoping it'd be good again, but it's not. We might try the other location in Mesa and see if it's good. I just keeping asking "What happened to the food?"
4	Love Flancers!  Service is always friendly.  The shrimp sandwich is delicious!!
2	This place has very nice staff. Now I am done with the good. The food here was horrific. It tastes straight from a can or the freezer. My boyfriend ordered a Philly cheesesteak sand which. It cost extra for the peppers, mushrooms, and more for the onions. That wouldn't have been so bad IF they were fresh veggies but they were soggy from being frozen. This Philly cheesesteak didn't even contain cheese just to add to the disappointment. I ordered Mac and cheese. It was served with slices of bread on the side which ended up being the most flavorful part. The Mac and cheese was clearly made using a cheese sauce from a can and lacked any actual seasoning. It was topped with bread crumbs that were twice as hot as the Mac and cheese which let me know they weren't even made together. I had a buy one get on free entree and my bill still was $18.22. It felt like a joke. Nothing like disappointment for dinner.
5	I was first introduced to this food by attending a catered event at Fox Cigar Bar (just down the street) and have been hooked ever since. My go to item is the Prickly Pear sandwich with a side of fries. The green chilli mayo is to die for! It's spicy, sweet and just makes your taste buds tingle.All the staff is very personable and service is always perfect.I look forward to having many, many, more meals at this place!
2	I don't get it, I just don't. The atmosphere is bland and uncomfortable, the food was pedestrian, at best. The presentation was very blah, and I just didn't think it was anything to write home about. Why the 4 stars, Gilbert? This is one of the few local joints I won't come back to.
5	I finally made it to Flancer's.  I driven past this place for years, and can't figure out for the life of me, why I waited so long to try it.  The menu is simple, sandwiches, burgers, pizzas.  The inside is small, even after the remodel/expansion.  While I think it's cozy, I also see a lot the people waiting to get in, and trying to cram into that little parking lot.  I personally despise waiting in lines, so that may have contributed to my initial hesitation.  It looks a little retro inside, with neon signs, those red plastic/fiberglass chairs from decades gone by, cozy booths, and pictures of old record covers lining the walls.  They have rocking sandwiches and, wait for it.......fresh squeezed lemonade!!!  They even make an adult version of it laced with liquor.  And here's the very best part.....they offer gluten free bread for the sandwiches and burgers.  Not only do they offer it, they understand it, and execute it with skill and grace.  Brandee, our server, was great.  When I asked about the gluten free bread, she was surprisingly knowledgeable, even asking about severity of my allergy, and addressed possible cross contamination, with no prompting from me whatsoever.  I was actually a little stunned.  Here's a place that finally gets it right.  Not only do they offer it, they make sure their employees are trained and well versed in it.  Some other establishments I've been to recently could learn a lot from them.  Everything tasted fresh, my fresh squeezed lemonade never fell below half a glass, and the gluten free toasted bread on my sandwich was as close to perfection as one can get sans gluten.  You totally made my day!  Keep on rockin', Flancer's!
5	Love this neighborhood spot - one of my favorite local AZ restaurants. Staff is SUPER friendly and helpful - we almost look forward to seeing them as much as we do the food!The cheesesteak with green chilly mayo is my favorite. Be sure to add the green chili mayo to anything your order! Their bread is fresh, and some of the best sandwich bread I've ever had - and you can order bread loaves to go. Great fries and you really can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches, and they usually have some unique desserts that are quite good. They also do pizza - I've never had it, but my family has and they all had good things to say. A must-do if you're in Gilbert or close by!!
3	I went back two times after they hard covered the patio and was disappointed.  The first thing that I noticed was the green chili, bacon and cheese fries were removed from the menu.  What what what?  The portions got smaller too and many other items were removed from the menu.  The service remained excellent but why they changed a great formula remains a mystery for me.  Sad to see a place "have it" then start to lose it.
5	yea I am a real big fan. This place makes their own bread and if you love a good sandwich you know that is the most important thing.... they nailed it. The prickly pear sandwich is really good. Be sure to get some extra green chili mayo to go on it. I get the fries with it because they are super crispy (even after driving home with them in the to-go container). I would very highly recommend Flancers for something different and delicious.
5	My girlfriend and I went to Flancer's for dinner out the other night and had a great experience.  The food was fresh and tasted great.  We had a pizza and brochette.  I have been to the Gilbert location for lunch before and the sandwiches were awesome.  Good food and friendly staff.  We will be going back in the future.
5	Jeff and his staff serve a mean menu of good food.... It is a great quaint little place that brings you back to how smaller restaurants were in years past - but with much better food....
5	YUMMY!!!! I really like this place. They push the boundaries of food. Always something new to try & it always has a culinary feel to it. Great food, great location, friendly staff, & for the amazing quality you get the pricing is great! Peeps keep an eye out for their groupon deals!!! I'm hooked on their chipotle corkscrew pasta
3	We visited this Flancer's thanks to a Groupon that we purchased.  Heard mixed reviews and decided to try it anyways.The layout of the location is too stuffy and even though we visited during the day there was not sufficient light.  Seated next to the area that had a stand with dirty dishes was not very appealing either.  Having grown up in the restaurant industry, it does not take much to take the used plates etc.. directly into the kitchen rather than it being in view for the customers in the dining area Its not appealing at all.The service was super good, super efficient and super friendly and that is the best part of our experience.  Heard good things about their sandwiches and it did not disappoint.  The Braised the Lord Beef and the Philly Cheese steak were good, but at over $10 each with the extras it was certainly pricey for a very casual dining place.  The sides of Jalapeno & Cheddar Mashed Potato Pie and the Macaroni & Cheese were both great options.In summary, great service, good food but pricey, but awful layout and setup of the restaurant. The ambiance is as important as the food, and even the food was good, the dreary & non uplifting ambiance took all of the flavor of the food away.Not sure if we will be back, even with a GroupOn as there are so many other choices.
5	Love the new look and the new menu! Food was wonderful service was fast.
4	This is a great local restaurant. It is very casual and family friendly. The sandwiches are always tasty and they recently updated their menu. It's hard to choose what to get. We finally tried the pizza (tasty, great dough, sweet/basil like sauce) and wings (again, tasty). I have never had a bad meal there and the service is always polite and attentive.
5	Food always good, no sandwich is bad, prickly pear chicken is the best, can't seem to get past it to try another sandwich ! Try it, you'll love it!! Has wifi at Gilbert location!
5	Definitely my favorite spot in gilbert. Super friendly staff, and reasonable prices. The half-baked cookie for dessert is a must to try. I've been there millions of times and I have absolutely no complaints. They're just too amazing!
3	Decent restaurant.  Nice food, nice people, not great enough to go our of my way for but good enough to stop at if I was driving by.
5	Food is fantastic! The sandwiches are really really good. I went today for the first time. The sandwiches are just perfect. My friend had to prickly pear chicken sandwich, it was smoky and delicious. I had the Philly cheesesteak, one of the best! The bread is really great. I loved the coleslaw, fresh and perfectly seasoned. It is small and not fancy but I love that kind of place. The service was also excellent. I can't wait to go back and try other sandwiches.
4	Don't listen to any naysayers, this is a good, local restaurant. I like it because every time I eat there, I can get something different and it always hits the spot. The Philly sandwich is tasty, as well as the prickly pear chicken one. Finally tried the pizza and wings and those are great too. Service has always been great and have never had a problem here.
5	We have been to Flancer's several times and never been disappointed.  Usually we eat there but sometimes order take out.  The pizza is great and the sandwiches are always fresh and great tasting.  The Gilbert location is usually crowded (sign of a successful business) and there is usually a lot of activity going on.  Glad to have Flancer's in Gilbert.  We heard they have a Mesa location on Higley and McKellips that we will try another time.
4	Rolls. Great. Frickin. Rolls! Yum! The cheesesteak was all the better for it!
5	Love it, one of our top three restaurants when we want to spoil ourselves. You HAVE to try this place!
2	Went to Flancers the first time this last week.  I got the Prickly Pear Caesar Chicken.  I was not a fan.  The dressing didn't taste much like Caesar and while the Prickly Pear flavoring was tasty, it seemed odd for a Caesar.  I got the salad when we could not get a wheat crust pizza larger than 10 inch for the hubbie and I to share.  He said the pizza was okay, but it didn't look appetizing to me.  The bread that came w/ my salad, loaded w/ parmesan cheese, was tasty, but for a carb watcher, too much.  Now that I think about it, I don't remember the taste of parmesan on the salad.My biggest knock on the place:  the lager beer selection.  American lagers only.  I don't care for American lagers.  Bud Light makes me burp, a lot, and American lagers to me lack the flavor of a Stella, Phuket, Corona, Peroni, etc.  For a restaurant that offers beer pairings, they need to overhaul the lager selection for those of us not into ales.  I'd visit one more time if I could have a Stella w/ my meal, but with the lager selection, I can scratch them off my list.
5	Had a fantastic lunch here today!  The server was upbeat and friendly. The food was served quickly and tasted delicious. We were so happy with the service that we took the server up on his suggestion to try the warm cookie and ice cream desert. Yum!  We are definitely coming back for seconds!
4	Been eating here for about 10 years now and it's always consistently good, great place to bring family & friends.  From the Prickly Pear Chicken, Pastrami, Pizza, Burgers, Fresh Salads, & Spiked Lemonade it's all good and we have always had good service.  My only complaint would be that they got rid of their Russian salad dressing...
5	Killer sandwiches! I tried a chicken sandwich and the Philly Cheesesteak and they were both excellent! Great bread and decent prices. Overall, I was extremely impressed and would recommend it to anyone!
5	Greeted right as you walk in, service very friendly. Early Sunday  it is not crowded at all. I ordered the prickly pear sandwich and it was
5	Love Flancers. Even better since they expanded. Food is great, service is friendly and prices are reasonable. Highly recommended.
4	Such great service! This place caters to both adults and kids with goldfish crackers while the kids wait and delicious happy hour brews every day. Nice casual and local restaurant.
2	Visited on Friday.  Ordered the Match with Hatch burger with jalapeno & cheddar potato pie on the side.  Presentation was good.  The burger was disappointing to be honest -- green chile was minimal (and not flavorful) and served luke warm.  The picture on the website and menu looks oh so much better.  The potato pie was good and had a bit of pizzazz to it that the burger lacked and was served hot.  Customer service was good and lots of "regular customers" were about ordering.  I won't be back but given the regular clientele within, it probably satisfies many peoples tastes.
2	We are big fans of this restaurant, although we usually go to the Mesa location. Since we were meeting friends from Gilbert for dinner, we decided to try out the Gilbert location. We got there about 6pm on a Sunday night. They were busy, but did not look packed. Even with a party of 6, we were seated within 15 minutes. We had a friend waitress, and she quickly took or order and got drinks. My friend noticed that the menu called out draft, so he asked about beers on tap. We were told that only the Mesa has beer on tap. =( We decided to order a kids mac & cheese, two different pizza's, a burger, and a salad. We were told that the pizza's took about 25 minutes, and that was fine, since we had ordered a salad as an appetizer. Now...the waiting began...about 30 minutes after we were there, the waitress came back to tell us that the kitchen was out of the hatch green chile that goes on their "The Match with Hatch" burger. My friend loves spicy food, so was disappointed on this and said to do jalapenos instead. We asked if the food was in process, and was told that it was and they would come back with an estimate. Around 45 minutes, the kids meal, salad, and burger showed up, followed very quickly by 1 of the 2 pizzas. The wagon wheel spinach salad was its typical tasty self. Typically my child LOVES the mac & cheese from here, and dives in. This time, it took a lot of encouragement to get her to eat it. It was a lot drier than usual and didn't seem to have the same cheesy flavor compared to what she usually has at the Mesa location. I typically love their pizza's; however, the Veg Out that we ordered was not up to the usual quality. My 1st slice was burned black on the bottom and tasted burned. At least only 1/2 of the pizza was burned. Our friends told us that their pizza wasn't like what they usually get back in Chicago, but described it as "edible" so I wasn't sure if that was their way of saying that they didn't like it?The waitress did appologize for the slow service and issues. She did also give us a discount to make up for the long wait times. My impression was that something was off the night of the May 4th for dinner service. I wondered if they were short staffed? We've never had that slow of service at Flancer's or such unimpressive  food. I doubt that I will be able to talk my Chicago friends into giving them another try. =(This being said, I really hope that this isn't typical for Gilbert location, and that we just caught them on a bad night. We've always loved the service and great food from Mesa.
4	The service at Flancers is great! I put in an order to go and they were very friendly and prompt. I had the prickly pair chicken in a whole wheat wrap. It was very tasty! I did feel the prices were a bit steep,  but their food was good.
2	I went to Flancer's on a friends recommendation as I was in a soup and sandwich mood.  I ordered the BLT and a cup of French Onion soup. The sandwich was a standard BLT for the most part, good bread, quality bacon and fixin's. No complaints.The French Onion soup was a different story, very very salty. When I told the waitress she asked me if I knew French Onion was a sort of salty soup. It went back.When I was about to leave the owner or manager asked how it was, I explained the soup and he said yes, evidently it had been sitting back there all day and had reduced down which brings out the saltiness in the soup.  Not really what I wanted to hear but decided to come back again for lunch and try it again.  Result? Salty,salty,salty. I kept quiet, paid my bill and left.The lemonade they claim is homemade isn't bad, but I would have to see the process to make me believe it's not a powdered mix. Overall: C+
5	Best sandwiches in the valley. The bread is so good. My favorite is Philly cheesesteak
4	Had the guac burger, which, while not really a guac burger due to three small slices of avocado instead of guacamole, was cooked as ordered (true medium rare) and good. Really liked the roll they used for the bun. Wasn't a huge fan of the bruschetta, but that's because I'm used to a different recipe- boyfriend really liked it. Green chile mac & cheese was a little oily, like it had been cooked hours before and the cheese had separated, but still tasted okay. Spiked prickly pear lemonade was probably the cheapest drink I've had since I got to the Phx metro area a few days ago. Overall, it was a better-than-decent meal at a reasonable price, and the service was excellent. The fourth star is for the friendly, efficient service.
4	Overall, I was pretty impressed with Flancer's. There are a lot of interesting dishes on the menu and the restaurant has a cool vibe that makes you want to hang out for a while. I tried the hatch chile burger, which is served on a long roll and includes a very tasty brown mustard (which you can request they leave off if you are not a mustard fan). The burgers and a lot of the other things are on the pricey side.. this one was $10 and I can't say the quality of beef was quite up to par with what I'd expect at that price point.I was on vacation when I visited, and when I'm on vacation I like to drink beer, and when I see a "beer" sign in the window of a restaurant, I look forward to beer. No, the selection of beer at Flancer's is lame, lame, lame. Pale and tasteless American lagers, with the exception of bottles of Kiltlifter. Mr. Flancer, diners have moved on, and these days are looking for interesting and tasty craft beers. Kiltlifter is a good, if very safe, start. Chuck the rest of them and make some deals to serve Four Peaks, Santan, Arizona Wilderness, and other local brewery's stuff on tap.
4	Wow what a surprise. I really like this place. I have driven by this place numerous times on my way to Oregano's, Postino's and Liberty Market. I finally decided to stop for takeout one day,  upon walking in I was greeted immediately by the Manager. He immediately put me at ease and allowed me time to review the menu for my takeout item (I was parked right in front in the order pickup spots that have a time limit). I told him was my first time in and he wanted to know what made me stop (as they track), he also gave me a15% discount for return visit. I brought my husband back that following Sunday. So for my takeout I ordered their Spinach salad, it was really good even 20 mins after they gave it to me. Upon our return I ordered the prickly pear chicken sandwich with the Mac and cheese as the side. The sandwich was awesome, the Mac and cheese was ok but I am particular (I liked that I could order a side to try it). My husband had the Italian sandwich, a little heavy handed on the banana peppers but they were easily removed. I just bought a groupon to Flancers, very happy I found  this place as there are a lot of things I want to try.
5	Ended up here one afternoon about a month ago, and never got around to writing a well deserved 5 star review. I order a half sandwich and let me tell you it was wonderful. This place is noisy and crowded, so if you're looking for a quiet lunch this is not the place for you.... Food is great. wait staff great.
5	This is one of our favorite places to come when we are feeling like a good sandwich. Great service, we aren't beer drinkers but our friends that are love their selection. Their homemade lemon aid is the bomb!
4	My husband and I tried Flancer's for the first time today.  We were looking for a new place to try and found this place on Yelp.  From start to finish, we were VERY happy and we WILL be back!  The steak and cheese sandwich is melt-in-your mouth goodness!!!!!!  I hope I can make myself try other things here next time but I'll be craving that sandwich for quite a while!!  My husband had the BLT and was still talking about how good it was a few hours after lunch.  :-)  The bread is top notch, crazy-good and everyone who lives in Arizona knows how hard it is to find really good bread out in a restaurant.  The service, from the greeting, to the table, to the exit left an impression on us and just adds to many of the reasons that we can't wait to go back!!  Thank you, Flancer's and keep up the quality food, ingredients, and fantastic service!!!
5	A family owned restaurant in the heart of Gilbert which gives back to the community through fundraisers and friendly service...  When you get to know the employees they become like family, two of the very best are Mike and Ben! The food... Fantastic!  A great menu and really interesting specials.  Primarily this is a sandwich/pizza with in house freshly baked bread and wheat wraps however they take it a step further with bruschetta, mushroom Phylos and other good stuff!
1	If I could give less I would... One of the dirtiest kitchens I have ever seen.. food greasy not house made.. the owner should be ashamed with his suposedly culinary background.. unlsess you want to get sick.. never ever eat there... I have seen behind the scenes and its alarming.
4	I'm going to give them a 4, even though I waffle around on this a little bit.  3....3.5....Some things Flancer's does very well, like their fresh bread....amazing!.....and that BLT.  Holy moley that was good!  Love the fresh avocado on that.  And awhile back I had a soup called beef poblano or something like that, and it was exceptional as well.  The Do You Feel Like I Fondue app was really tasty and rich, with green chiles, tender chicken, and lots of cheese, but I'm not sure how they call that fondue.  See the pic.  It's just a dip.But then, there are the things that are not so good.  The baked potato soup we had last night was not good at all.  OK on the consistency of the soup, but it tasted like it was almost scorched and only had 3 small potatoes.  I don't know if the intention was to be more like a bisque, but usually when I have potato soup it has chucks of potato in it.  And I think the temp was too high, and/or ours came from the bottom of the pot, because it had a hint of a scorched flavor.  My husband ordered the veggie side with the BLT and it was over half onions.  We've had a soggy pizza from them before too.I think they could improve their beer selection a little for marketing the fact that they have a good beer selection.  Usually it's a couple of local stand-bys and then they get something else on a rotating selection.  Last night it was New Belgium's Ranger IPA which we tried and was ok, but there are usually a limited number of choices.  To me if you're going to promote that you have a good beer selection you have a lot of choices.  You don't have to be Boulders on Broadway or Papago Brewing, but I don't know, maybe 8 or 10 would be nice instead of 4 or 5.  Shock Top is not a craft beer, and the choices of Bud Light, Coors Light, Miller Lite, and Michelob Ultra remind me of an old joke about what do having sex in a canoe and light beer have in common?   There's a prickly pear lemonade that's pretty good, but really, the only reason we went last night was to burn up a Groupon.  I don't know how often I'd go back.  Right now the construction around Gilbert and Guadalupe is very annoying, but I don't hold that against the restaurant.  They just seem to be a little inconsistent and I don't like the claustrophobic feel of this location.  There also have always been a lot of loud kids when we have been there.  Maybe in the future I'll just get a BLT to go and be extremely happy with that.
4	Simple little Gilbert,AZ joint but it delivers some solid food options.  I dig their Prickly Pear chicken sandwich.  Has a nice, sweet taste to whatever it is that they marinate it in (that turns the chicken purple).  Spread some of their green chile mayo over the soft, tasty baguettes they use and, boom!The green chile mac n' cheese ain't bad either.
5	Went to Flancer's with friends. It is one of their favorites. And now one of mine. Had the Philly Cheese Steak and it was outstanding. The bread was a perfect compliment for the sandwich. Soft and tasty. Meat was cooked just right. Will return often.
4	I went with a group of friends to Flancer's and everyone loved the food! Between us we had the Prickly Peat sandwich and the Philly Cheese Steak, all with beer battered fries.  For dessert, we shared the Pecan Pie Cheesecake which was a hit with all of us.I had seen this sandwich place mentioned on Check, Please! Arizona and it was not a disappointment.  From the casual but cool atmosphere to the friendly, attentive service and great food, we all agreed we will be back!
5	I had a vegetarian sandwich with fresh avocado. And a decent amount!   Loved the bread. Definitely home made. Had a side salad that was substantial. Wait staff friendly. I will Return!
4	The prickly pear chicken sandwich is fantastic, unfortunately, it is so good that I have thus far, refused to try anything else. It is sweet, savory and has a little kick to it! Also, I have actually dreamed about their green chili mac and cheese- best side dish ever! There are two location in the east valley, one in down town Gilbert and the other in north Mesa, I prefer the Mesa location because it is less crowded, so I usually don't wait for a table.
3	My wife and I ordered the goat cheese bruchetta (small size,) a burger, a philly steak and 2 soft drinks. The bill was $37 plus tax. Woah! The other night we went to a bar, ordered 2 burgers, a soft drink, 2 bottles of beer and a large pitcher of beer for a little cheaper. The food was good but nothing memorable. The service and atmosphere was the best part but I will not be back until the prices are lower.
2	Despite the decent atmosphere and not too terrible location we get sat at one of the greasiest tables I've seen in a long time. We order appetizers and they come posthaste. Good, but not worth 10$ a plate good... Then comes the pink prickly pear chicken :/ poor execution at a great recipe. The goat cheese bruschetta was OK but slightly disappointing. If you want a 50$ tab for a few drink+ appetizers and 1 entree i suggest you go somewhere else. Oh and don't even think about giving them a bad yelp review, the owner will put a plaque on the wall for anyone that takes the time to write about how disappointing the food is. Guy can't take a hint.
5	Yum yum yum!!  After many years and many visits here at Flancer's, I am finally writing a review!  I Tried the Goat Cheese Bruchetta today for the first time and gobbled it up!!  So tasty!! Their bread is so incredibly fresh and delish!!  The Philly Cheese Steak with the Works is by far my favorite go-to item!!  Along with many other patrons in the restaurant today!! Every table had at least one on their table. The beer battered fries are one of the best French Fries I have ever had!!  Super crunchy and delicious!!  Our server Ben was super prompt and friendly with our order and special requests.  I would definitely recommend this quaint gem of a restaurant right on the north end of Downtown Gilbert.
5	I have always heard about this place and how great it was. I finally went and I had the veggie vibe sandwich. All of the vegetables had a great marinade, very tasty. Their sweet potato fries are great, in between soggy and crunchy. I will definitely be going back.
4	Really tasty sandwiches. They have a good quality but they are a little pricey.
5	Always great service and food! Their baguette rolls and green chile mayo are awesome. We really love the Italian sandwich, cheese steak, mashed potato pie, and the peanut butter pie. We haven't had a bad thing here yet.
5	Stopped in for a beer and to try something new for lunch. The staff was very friendly and patient with me looking over the menu. I took the waiters advice and decided to try the prickly pear chicken sandwich with a side of the green chili mac. Now, I was hesitant about this chicken sandwich.... I mean, prickly pear, what does that even mean? But take it from me... it is a must try. I brought the sandwich to my mouth and instantly feel in love. It is by far the most interesting chicken sandwich I've ever had. Is one of those things I can't explain WHY, all I can do is tell you that you will love it. The beer was great. The green chili mac was interesting as well, but delicious. I have just found my new favorite lunch spot.
4	good pizza, even better sandwiches
4	The renovation has served this location well. I didn't feel like I was sitting on someone's lap like the first time I wandered in. Great neighborhood joint for lunch or dinner. Ya gotta try the Prickly Pear Chicken once in your life.
