5	These people are great.I "found" them at the Glendale Chocolate Affaire last month where they were offering a free 15 minute massage when you signed up for a chiropractic assessment of pain.  When you sign up, it costs $45 and you get the assessment and also an hour of massage, which was AWESOME if I might say.Every time I have gone in there, I always come out smiling.  The staff is knowlegeable and you don't leave with questions.I had a problem if my insurance would cover my issues, and Al at the front desk said he'd call and check it out... which he did, and found out the answer for me. :)Al at the front desk is awesome... he comes up with a pet name for you (as long as you're open to it) eventually... I haven't been in enough for him to come up with one. lol  But he has a name for everybody there, and a number of patients. He's a blast and very caring.The way they do things is new to me... I was used to a sports chiropractor who used, I guess, older methods which may have been not as effective.  So here, they have a room set up with different "exercises" one would do for their various issues with their posture.  I think it's very effective because I am surely sore after leaving today.I look forward to working with them further... and if someone is looking for a referral to a chiropractor, here's one!!
5	I started with Carla & Angelo a few years ago when they were sponsoring the well being fair where I work. I was looking into decompression therapy to help me with my low back issues. Everyone has been so helpful and friendly with me, I consider them family. Even with the pet names, Al is a wonderful asset to the team. He puts you at ease and makes sure that all billing processes are handled quickly and efficiently.I must say that if I hadn't run into these folks, I would be going around life in a wheelchair. These people, from their wonderful massueses (Aimee) to the confident care Carla & Angelo provide for their patients, are truly a unique type of service. You are not treated like a number, but as a valued patient.
5	Dr. Diana is awesome. She spent lots of time on me and made me feel really special. I have been to many chiropractors and this office is the most service-oriented!I recommend this place to everyone.
5	Truely a wonderful group of people.  Dr. Diana is a very kind and understanding and helpful person.  The rest of the staff are always great as well.  They really show how much they care!
5	When it comes to your health and your body, it's hard to find people who not only understand how the body works best, but also take the time to learn about you too.  In Touch Chiropractic are the body providers you will find yourself comparing everyone else to, trust me, I've done it!  From the genuine sincerity of the people who work within it's walls to the meticulous manner in which the office is decorated, you don't feel like you are entering a health practice at all.  Whether you have multiple appointments a week or one a month, when you walk into In Touch Chiropractic, it's like coming home.  The staff, the other patients, it's almost like the Cheers of the chiropractic world.  If you want a doctor who listens to you (and they do), who challenge you (they do that too), but who also supports and encourages you in all facets of your life, then head on over to In Touch.  You'll be glad you did!
2	I called this company because they have a banner on the outside of the building about massages. When I started talking to the associate, she told me they also were a chiropractic office. Being in pain, I said I would prefer to see a chiropractor instead of having a massage. The appointment was made for the next day. When I arrived, I was told I would not be treated until my next appointment! I left after I told the doctor I did not appreciate the deceptiveness of the conversation. She did try to make it right, but they already lost my trust by deceiving me and wasting my time when I was in pain.
5	I'm a massage whore.  I try to get the best deal at the best price I can.  I've tried many from Apollo college (now Carrington College) and many others in the area of NW Phoenix... there are not many... or not as many as Scottsdale nor Tempe/Mesa... but even their discounted prices... in this economy are a bit much.Carrington College is good.. but you can't rely on getting the same person as they are a teaching institute and (ultimately) can't schedule the same person even when they are in the same rotation.  Over 2 years ago I was able to get a masseuse by the name of Blake that went on to Massage Envy in Scottsdale and was the best sports massage person I've ever had... but too far away.I continued with Carrington College and they still produce good people.. but I recently got a Groupon with In Touch Wellness Center.  My 1st massage was with Ron a Deep Tissue massage expert.. And boy that was what I needed... so I scheduled another the next week.  with Sarah.. and boy am I glad I did.. she was able to seduce the muscles that Ron brought to the top from a really deep tissue massage from last week, to a nice relaxation point.  And then this is when I realized that a 1 hr massage was just not enough.  I had always scheduled a 1 hr massage but then got a 2 hr massage from Sarah... and that's when you really start to relax and feel the massage.My next weeks massage was with Elena... and because I now trusted Al, their ever present scheduler and all around guy.. I accepted his recommendation with Elena... and she brought some of the deep tissue massage experience of Ron with the elegance of Sarah with a bit of understanding of how ultimately works with all the muscles of the body.I can't wait for my Monday's massage with Sarah.  I am now a customer of their decompression services... (Yes I was offered much more at a bigger price even using my medical insurance... but I'm skeptical... but knew I needed the stretching of decompressing to help my sleep problems) and for the 1st time in my life... I've been able to sleep comfortably for 14 hours... Previously I could only sleep 6-8 hours without lower back pain.  Yes I was woken up about 2 hours into my 14 hrs sleep and had to deal with issues for about 2 hrs... but I was still able to go back to sleep without my normal lower back pain that would surface within 6 hours.For me to sleep more than 6 hours without lower back pain and I'm a stomach sleeper with some side sleeping b/c of the lower back pain sleeping on my stomach... It's worth it.  It took about 4 decompression sessions for me to realize what was going on.. 6 to be almost free of pain.. and 8 (currently) to be able to sleep 14 hours catching up on sleep from almost 2 days of no sleep ( 2  hrs) due to work and on-call schedule.Ultimately I can't recommend In Touch Wellness Center enough.  Be wary... Not everyone needs the services they provide... But also don't dismiss what they provide... Get familiar with their massage services.  Have a few sessions with them.. Inquire about their decompression services if you have lower back pain or upper neck pain.. the same principle they use applies in opposite.I was offered a good insurance plan that would address my surgically repaired knee, my lower back pain, and my general stress upper body points.  I choose the least expensive plan to decompress my lower back issues... to see if this company could do what others haven't...And they have. I'm having to work with my insurance company to honor their initial assessment, but I think I have a fighting chance b/c of their success.. Their success rate as well as their success with me..If all you go for is the massage... You will not be disappointed.  They offer discounted rates in Groupon Now. on Mondays.
1	At what point is basic customer service just no longer a priority?  So I see a groupon for Spinal Decompression and had a questions ( i visited the web site and it was lacking in detailed info) so I called, the gentleman who answered immediately pushed me to go visit the web site, no basic info, no detailed info nothing just go to the site?  I already did that and if he asked, he would have know that.  I only had 1 real question and then I was setting an appointment and it was, how is the suction applied for the vacuum affect (funny I just looked again and that page is less than 1 paragraph long - NOT much info here) With that answer I was in and I wanted a massage as well (I get 1-2 a month as well as my significant other) so what was that simple gesture of customer service worth, a few hundred dollars per month??  SIMPLE Business FYI, Customer Service = $$$
5	awesome!!!!
1	This is supposed to be a place of healing & relaxation. Never in my life have I ever been MORE upset & distressed than after having to endure an office visit from so-called "Dr." Pisano!!!This is the "used car salesman" of doctors! I went for a "free" x-ray & consultation. By the time I left the office, I was so upset that I was physically shaking! Pisano traumatized me to the point that I STILL get upset just thinking about that awful experience! :-(I sat down in his office & he started off asking how much my wellness is worth to me. I explained I didn't make much over minimum wage & he kept pushing & pushing me into signing a contract that he knew I couldn't afford trying to make me feel like I didn't care about my health because I wouldn't sign up for his shady contract that I couldn't afford!DO NOT GO TO PISANO!!!!!WORST EVER!!!(The others in the office were ok, but not worth enduring his traumatic tactics! Tho, even the staff wasn't what I'd call "good", as I was given a complimentary massage to make up for another issue they had & when I went, they didn't even have my appt. scheduled!)Go to a better dr! I recommend Dr. Q! :-)
5	I have had such a great experience with In Touch. The entire staff is so warm and fun! They remember you, all the things you've talked about and in my case... Where I was my last appointment. I've missed several appointments due to work and being sick and they are very accommodating. I enjoy speaking with everyone there. I frequent this joint 3xs a week for lower back pain and am so happy for the help I'm getting there. I always feel so awake and refreshed after my appointment. I've brought a few people in to enjoy their work as well and every one has been happy as well.
5	In Touch Wellnes helped me with regaining mobility in my shoulder.  When you walk in the door, Al is there with a friendly smile, so no matter what kind of day you had, it's hard not to smile back.  Drs Diana and Pisano know their stuff.  You really can't put a price tag on health.  Like the saying goes, you can pay for health now or pay to be sick later, it's your choice.  Danny is a gem and has a nice calmness about him that puts you at ease.  Love you guys! Jeannie
5	I recently visited In Touch Wellness Center for a chiropractic visit and massage and was very impressed by the great customer service and professionalism of the staff.The atmosphere is very clean and up-to-date.If you're looking for a new doctor, I would highly recommend either of the two on staff.
5	The first time I walked into InTouch I was greeted by the very helpful, friendly staff. I was in a lot of pain and could not even stand straight. I came in because of the free consultation and to try the spinal decompression. I left their offices with a smile on my face and could walk like a normal person for the first time in a while. Dr. Diana, Dr. Pisano, Danny, and the whole staff are positive and helpful, always looking out for my health and comfort. I have a little ways to go to totally heal my body and am glad I stopped by InTouch for help. It was one of the best decisions I had made.
5	I originally purchased a Groupon about 7 months ago for a massage, and I also got a free chiropractic consultation. The massage was excellent and I felt very satisfied with the consultation. My ex is a chiropractor and I gained quite a bit of knowledge from him, so I tend to be pretty skeptical of other chiropractors. However, Drs. Pisano and Diana are amazing at what they do. In six months, I've seen the improvement I've been trying to achieve for several years. The staff is wonderful - they always ask about my schooling, remember my family (my sister and boyfriend are current patients as well) and treat us like we've been coming for years. Al is great - he's so personable, sweet, and funny. Both doctors truly care about their patients. The back and neck pain I was experiencing is pretty much gone and I now have a nice healthy curve back in my neck (no thanks to graduate school). In addition to all this, they were so flexible and understanding because I don't carry health insurance and have no income at the moment. I got a cash and student discount, which I very much appreciated. Definitely worth the money I've spent. All three of us in my household are very satisfied with this office and I recommend them to anyone looking for a chiropractor that you can trust!
5	I regularly go to In Touch Wellness for massages with Nick Brown. He's just excellent at what he does--very responsive to my aches and pains and so forth and regularly changing things up with different techniques that just always seem to make each massage better than the last. Admittedly, I used to just go wherever a Groupon might take me when I'd randomly treat myself to a massage, but after working with Nick, I committed to regular massages which are fairly priced at In Touch. It's one of the best investments I make in myself and my well-being. Great location, super nice office staff, extremely convenient. i can't say enough good things about In Touch and Nick Brown in particular!
5	5 star service. They do start your time while you prepare in the room, and cut off a bit early at the end, so I ended up losing about 10-12 minutes total. This part was sad.  Had a Groupon or Living Social deal which made it worth it. The reg. prices are not too bad so I may return.This was at a different location before, so I thought it was new.
