4	This is one of Edinburgh's best kept secrets, hidden in plain view on the lower stretch of The Royal Mile! It's the kind of place you talk in hushed whispers and I love that library feeling. You can hear your feet creaking the floorboards underneath your feet as you browse the great selection of old books. Speaking of books, what does this book store not have? It certainly doesn't concentrate on more recent publications, although there are still some popular children's books to be found in the new section. What gives this store its charm, however, is the massive selection of older books available for very reasonable prices considering they've survived at least 50 years. From Enid Blyton to old Jackie annuals, this bookshop is a treasure trove for young and old alike. It is almost like a museum, but with the added bonus of being able to buy the exhibits should one or two take your fancy.I loved all the books I found in here, and it's interesting to see how children's illustration has rapidly changed over the past 5 decades. Although some of the book titles are certainly long winded and comical to our coarse 21st century natures, at the time these books were massive sellers, and thus both the art work and content of the books are very interesting indeed. This shop speaks of more innocent times, and in its naivety you find yourself lost in an older style of fiction that will captivate young and older generations alike. The woman behind the desk is helpful and so softly spoken you might find yourself requesting a story when you take your purchase up to the desk. Is it wrong I wanted to do that? Perhaps, but at any rate I will be back to browse their gorgeous old fairytale hardbacks. What a wonderful shop from a generation of young readers who will now take pleasure in looking back at these novels.
4	A wonderful little store stacked with old editions of classic tales and children's books in excellent condition. It will be a trip down memory lane and its great to browse in. The lady who works  there is  friendly , so ask if you have a particular book in mind. Of course a lot of early editions (especially the beautifully illustrated ones) are not cheap, but a beautifully illustrated Peter Pan Book was great for my friend's 21st birthday. Original little second hand bookshop quietly tucked away on the Royal Mile!
5	I have a sneaking suspicion that the Old Childrens Bookshelf is aimed more at nostalgic adults than children. Tucked away on Canongate, it's a lovely shop that sells well preserved copies of childrens fiction, picture books, short stories and annuals from the 1950s onwards. All of the books are beautifully displayed and I have to admit, seeing original copies of The Moomins, Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are made me feel quite misty-eyed for my own childhood. If your little Jack or Janet already has enough children's books, OCB also sells a small selection of adorable prints and comic books. Personally however, I'd opt for one of the illustrated editions of Alice in Wonderland or Wizard of Oz. They look and read beautifully and are sprinkled with magic!
4	The Old Children's Bookshelf is an adorable shop dedicated to old school children's books and people of all ages will find something here that takes them back to their childhood.I spent a good while looking at all the Enid Blyton "Famous Five" novels that my Gran used to read to me when I was a tot. They had an excellent selection, some older than others, but all in very good condition. It was peculiar to see them as the day before I read an article about the revival of Enid Blyton novels and the idea of tweaking them slightly to keep them up to date, hip and happening. Although the idea of The Famous Five going on a mission because one of them have lost their mobile phone would be a bit bizarre. What would Aunt Fanny say? Yeah... they'd probably have to change that name too.Anyway, I digress...I loved the Beatrix Potter books and was so tempted to buy The Tale of Mrs Tiggywinkle as I used to have a copy when I was little but have misplaced it. The books here are great, in very good condition and the prices are quite reasonable although for some of the prices you would be better keeping the book as a collectors piece rather than a read.
