1	Used baby clothes, toys, etc.  I have visited similar stores in the valley and this one seems pricier in comparison-maybe because it's in scottsdale? Also, they buy used clothes but might as well donate it!  They offered me 25 cents for an item that they would probably re sell for $15.00!  Like I said, I'd rather donate it to savers.
5	I loved this place. I shop here all the time because the prices are amazing. The products look brand new even though they are used. I have even sold my stuff here and received fair amount for my used toys. The owner knows so much about baby stuff and is really friendly.
4	Nice store, well organized and lots of light because of the huge windows.  As opposed to most consignment stores which are cluttered and frankly can be a bit gross.The items look new or little used especially the shoes which appear to be brand-new.  Good selection of clothes, toys, a few kids bicycles and tricycles and lots of bicycle stroller / trailers.  I have twins so really appreciate a place where I can get nice stuff for less than retail.
5	If you are looking for a great, customer friendly and affordable baby consignment store look no further. The place is owned by a self starter entrepreneur that truly has a passion for what she does. I am having my first baby and she will let you know what you need and has no problem telling you do not need to buy that at the moment or ever. It is nice to know it is ran by such a kind, honest and motivated owner who loves what she does. The look and feel of this place is so welcoming to friends, family and even children. Everything in the store has been clean and refurbished to look brand new and some of the stuff IS BRAND NEW. My wife and I will be returning here for all of our baby & childrens clothes, toys, formula and anything else in between for baby stuff. I could not have asked for an easier, efficient and just all around awesome baby retail shopping experience!
5	I always find great stuff here for my little ones! They have a WIDE variety and the owner Pamme' is so nice! I love going to a store that is family and owned and operated and where they actually know my name and give me great service!
