3	Great bar.......   the food ? Eh not so much. Stopped by with some friends from out of town. Disappointed with the food. Friends flatbreads were burnt black on the bottom. My burger was not as ordered. Great place with a great location but the kitchen needs tightened up ! At least the beer was cold !! Bartender was excellent. Manager made everything right. Good guy !
1	We stopped in here with 3 for lunch during the world cup. The food is not that great. It's OK, but clearly came out of a can or was pre-made without any preparation for the meal. Appetizers are ALL fried and their dishes come with HUGE portions that aren't really appropriate. The bar seemed fun, although we were here during lunch and on a Sunday so it was pretty quiet. However, because the game was going on the service was TERRIBLE. Our waitress barely stopped to check in on us and took over 20 minutes to return our check after we asked for it. All the waitresses were just hanging around and talking to each other or flirting with a group of guys at the bar and not waiting on the ~8 tables that were seated. Will probably not be back any time soon.
3	My wife and I were in town for the NASCAR races and she being a big Dale, Jr fan, we had to stop by WR.  We were there on 5/22/14 around 9pm and the place was packed.  We managed to find a table soon enough.  We saw an adequate number of waitresses running around serving tables around us, but not one of them came to our table.  After about 15 minutes, we stopped one of them and asked if we could order.  She stated that we had to order at the bar with one of the 3 bartenders and give the bartender a credit card to open a tab.  She made an exception and took our drink order, and our credit card, and opened the tab with the bartender.  After that, we had to wait behind a small crowd to order food and drinks directly with the bartender.  Kinda strange, wish I knew the procedure going in.  The food was good, the beer consisted of 2 cold ones and one warm one.  Bottom line, the waitresses were not waitresses, only servers.  Now that I know the way things work, I would go back but try to sit at the bar.
2	I give this place two stars simply because the food is good. Other than that service sucked! Went there with friends to grab lunch around 2pm so not crowded at all. Our waitress was less than happy to serve us. She constantly kept disappearing and we could never find her. The bartender would pour fresh beers and we would almost have to go and get our own beers. Staff was none existent and there was several managers on their computers doing jack!!!Food was great, but definitely not coming back or inviting anyone to this joint. If you don't have great customer service then doesn't matter about the food because no one wants to visit.
1	I cannot recommend this place  food was below average and the service was worse.  We had a group function, all had to sit separately, two people left because they couldn't sit where the game was visible and two others left because a son couldn't sit at the bar with his dad and eat.  Katrina, my waitress, forgot my order and brought us the wrong drinks three times.  Next time I'm back in Charlotte, I will not be entertaining here.  Sorry.
