2	I would not go back to American Auto Care again because of their terrible customer service and poor communication.  There are plenty of other mechanics in this town and I will never give my business to this one.I took my car to American Auto Care to have a $500 maintenance repair done.  While there I asked them to look at my rear view mirror that was wobbly and I gave them a piece that had fallen off.  My car was there for 2 full business days and when it was finished I asked them about the mirror.  The front desk clerk told me that they could not repair it with the piece I provided and that I should just order the part from the dealer.  When I went to pick up my car I told that person how disappointed I was that they made no attempt to order the part and fix it while the car was there for 2 full days.  The manager told me that I had not actually asked them to fix them I only asked them to *look* at it.  I had to hold back a chortle - who the heck asks a mechanic to look at a problem and not make any attempt to fix it???  Even if they made the odd assumption that I wanted to drive around with a broken rear view mirror,  I wish they would have called me saying that the mirror needed an additional part and asked if I wanted them to order it.  I would have had them order the part and install it (which would have only meant extra money for them).   I told the clerk that and also that they had inconvenienced me by forcing me to take my car somewhere to get another repair.  The manager continued to lecture me about how I had not actually asked them to fix it.  I actually had to ask him to stop arguing with me about it and just let me pay.  I even told him that I would not be coming back to their repair shop again, but he seemed completely unfazed.So beware: they argue with the customer and do not communicate about repairs.  They just simply don't do them and then accuse you of never asking them to do the repairs in the first place.  Ridiculous.
5	I have always received excellent service from American Auto Care in Summerlin. They explain what they are doing and communicate very well. Highly recommended.
1	I was charged over $200 for a new battery. Enough said.
5	Corey took great care of me and my car, The mechanic Steve is awesome too!! Will be going back for my next oil change!
1	This place is terrible an dishonest! I took my car in to get diagnosed to figure out what was wrong with my transition after I called several times and they told me they would call back they finally got back to me telling me they had to take my transition out to figure out what's wrong this would cost 320 they neglected to tell me if anything wasn't wrong they had to charge me another 370 to put it back in! Then if something was wrong with my transmission it would cost 2500 to fix it so I called around to other transmit places and they told me they should have just checked the codes on the car instead of taking the whole thing out an hour later I called back told them I change my mind they said they wouldn't start till tomorrow earlier but when I called they said they already started (dishonest cause they hadn't started) they tries to cheat me cause I was a woman and the front desk guy was rude as well! There not upfront and tries to take advantage of me!
1	If I can give -5 stars I would. I took my car in for a diagnostic of what exactly was leaking and to get a second opinion. After about a four hour wait for the diagnostics I was told that the solenoid pack of my car was leaking, which was completely different from what the other auto place told me.  After doing some research I found that this part is common to go on my car make and so I decided to purchase the part on my own which was only 100 bucks and get it installed by my dad's mechanic out of town, which would still add up to half of what I was quoted by American Auto ($550 what they quoted).  Once at my dad's mechanic it turned out that my axle seal was leaking, which is what the first auto place diagnosed (Sun Auto). Two completely different parts and not even close enough to make that crucial mistake. I was able to see with my own eyes that the solenoid pack was completely dry. Horrible. Just trying to take your money. Replacing one perfectly working, dry, clean part for the same thing. Never again would I step foot into that place. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
1	Crooked repair shop operated by thieves! Charged for new parts when they only tried to refurbish the existing part already in car. Then when the part failed again within days, was only when they actually replaced the part which I already paid full new price for initially. Stay away!!!!
1	Horrible. They gave me a wrong diagnosis on my car then charged me $800 to fix something that turned out not to be the real problem. When I called to tell them my car died WHILE DRIVING the manager Lee was beyond condescending towards me. This upsets me because I had gone out of my way to stress my concern about getting the right diagnosis and they assured me that they would find it and fix it. I'm literally livid with this place and I don't recommend it to ANYONE.
5	They are great! William saved me money AND started my car for free!
1	We also were asked by AAA to use these people to repair our car. They didn't lie, but they said "it's free to evaluate and assess". it is NOT free. It's like $90 and if you don't use these people you pay the $90, if you do, you get $90 credited towards very overpriced work. They charged double for a simple battery install that I'd get most anywhere else. The representative was rude and unprofessional. I needed to borrow a screw driver to tighten up my license plate and he refused to give it to me.
1	I too am suspect about this facility.  My transmission went out last weekend while in Las Vegas.  The AAA towing company that picked up my truck was American Auto Towing.  The driver was very helpful.  Rather than unload my truck at my hotel and search for a shop in the morning, Sunday, he recommended American Auto Care.  This was a AAA approved shop owned by the same company as his towing company.  Said they would diagnose it in the morning and then I could decide how to proceed.  Sunday morning rolls around and as advertised my truck is at American Auto Care ready to be diagnosed.  One of the owners of the shop calls me and lets me know they plugged it in and there were 5 codes stored in the computer.  What does this mean?  It means there is definitely something wrong with your transmission (internally).  Truck has 200,000 miles.  Thus, not a huge surprise.  Still feeling good about my decision to have it towed there.  He tells me that i will definitely not be driving it home to Orange County tonight.  It is Sunday and there is only so much he can do.  Totally understandable.  I am bummed with my situation but feeling pretty comfortable with my decision still.  He tells me his partner will call me the next morning, Monday, and give me my options.  Monday comes and sure enough I get the call.  They cannot find a used transmission anywhere and the only option is a new one from the Mopar Factory in Detroit.  Now i start to get suspicious.  Time to call my Brother In Law, who is a diesel mechanic, and get him involved.  This is the point where i start losing faith in American Auto Care.  My brother in law contacts them to get an explanation.  First he asks what the codes were that showed up in the computer.  They refuse to discuss the codes with him and tell him that they would have to charge him $100 to re-diagnose the truck.  Why couldn't they just read him the codes they discovered on Sunday morning?  Did they ever really plug it in on Sunday morning?  I will never know.  When asked why they cant send the transmission to a local transmission shop to have it rebuilt.  They claim people don't rebuild this transmission.  That is the point I decided I needed to get my truck out of there.  Long story short from here.  Brother in Law has a customer towing out to Henderson.  Decided to pay him to pick up my truck and tow it back to my normal shop in Temecula.  Hopefully this helps you decide whether or not this is the shop for you.
5	Great shop!! Go there they are awesome!!
5	i took my 1986 bmw 528i to these guys because it wouldn't pass smog. numerous other shops told me it would be over $3,000 to fix all the problems. i took my car here and they hooked me up. they replaced the bad sensors with used ones they had laying around so they only ended up charging me for labor. they even hooked me up with a couple used tired for only $20.00 a piece. the manager Corey was super cool and he even changes the tires for me personally because my old ones were wearing through and you could see the metal belts.
1	Forget this place! Spent thousands of dollars here trying to hold an old car together for my teenager. Recently took it in and the repairs outweighed the value of the car. They still charged me $100.00 to tell me that basically I was screwed! Thanks for the loyalty American Auto Care.  Never again!
1	This place is a rip off. Bummed AAA towed my vehicle here because their service is terrible and they want to charge astronomical fees for unnecessary work. Big miss... wish I would have read previous reviews before letting AAA tow there.
1	All the reviews here are correct.  The guys here are a-holes.  Also, they do NOT sell  parts and supplies as their business lists here.  Stay away.
3	This place is the worst. AAA towed my diesel truck there for a new fuel filter. I get a call from the tech saying that it was just out of gas and that he filled it up. A few hours later and major engine problems I find out from the dealership that the tech over at American Auto Care put UNLEADED gas in my diesel truck. Cost me $800 to get fixed. Might want to start drug testing down at American Auto Care. Wow
1	Stay away!!!! This AAA approved shop made me cancel my membership after the experience that I received from these guys.The worst customer service I've ever experienced in my life. Will not honor their warranty and will tow your vehicle if you try to dispute their work. Their service clerks are RUDE, unprofessional, and misinformed nit wits.
1	Dishonest thieves!!! Stay away
1	If I could give this company negative stars I would. I have never experienced such a horrible people. They lied to me about my car and took advantage of me. They charged me over $1,000 to fix my car and DIDNT fix it. They were also very rude when I tried to resolve the problem.  NEVER GOING BACK, BE WARNED!
1	Went in on 8/12/13 service was the worst every they don't know what they are talking about and don't know how to work on cars.. had to take my car else where to get fixed.. never go there stay away
3	I wanted to update my review. The owner of the shop gave me a refund for the $100. I really appreciated that.
