2	My dog was bit by a spider and instead of spending the $90+ to visit a vet I instead went to Petsmart to purchase what they would of charged me to put on, a cone.  I chose this location because it was conveniently close to my work and I was able to skip on over on a break.  Once there I was immediately asked if I need assistance which I did I was in a hurry.  The sales associate showed me the cones and their color variety.  She insisted that the medium would be the correct size for my Jack Russel Terrier weighing in at 15lbs.  Are you sure? his neck is just a tiny one I say.  Yes she insist again.  The medium was too large.  I returned to Petsmart but this time with an entourage or 2 fellow stoners who had nothing better to do.  No problem exchanging the cone for a small.  Well there was a little bit of stupidity from the sales associate handling my return, like her asking for my receipt when I just handed it to her with the cone but that's acceptable.  What was unacceptable was the poor lizard we saw licking his dried water bowl repeatedly hoping that somehow maybe come his next lick there will be water in his bowl.  We immediately told the first sales associate we could find...I'll take care of it she says.  Nothing happens she continues to count fish.  I then decide to tell the manager who had been trying to impress me during my exchange of course mentioning how we already informed someone else and nothing has been done.  Finally our lizard friend was back on his way to hydration!!  I give this location 2 stars because the store seemed dirty and the employees didn't seem to care about the store nor anything else in it...the reptiles ect that they sell.  But they did have what I needed at a reasonable price and I was able to get in and out.
1	I took my cat, Moe, to get a haircut at this Petsmart. He's a total fuzz ball. So I drop him off and head down the road with a friend for dinner. About 30 minutes later, I get a call from some kid there that there's been an emergency and that I needed to get there immediately. Freaking out, I get there in 3 minutes, only to find my cat in the corner of the store hissing with a couple of employees scared to go near him. Afraid of a 10 lb, claw less, half shaved cat. Isn't that their jobs?In the end, my cat had a weird mullet and then to even it out, he ended up getting shaved and looked stupid for a month.
4	Are you looking to get a cat? if so, check out PetSmart. My wife and I adopted a kitten here and she's awesome.There are always several cats (occasionally dogs) looking for a good home, some older cats (a few years old and some kittens.) There is an adoption fee, but the cats will come with their shots and are neutered/spayed.We also use this store to get both wet and dry food and toys on occasion. There are many sizes and brands to choose from at good prices. The food is cheaper at PetSmart than Petco, unless the item is on sale.I would recommend to get a PetSmart card to save a few bucks.The store is always clean and staff very friendly and helpful.
2	I buy my dog food here in bulk but I would never kennel him here. I toured the kennel and the animals are kept in cages. Small ones. They also look miserable. This isn't even the cheapest place in town so I just don't get it. And they need to do clean-up once in a while because the whole kennel area reeks.
4	This is a full service Petsmart with Pet Hotel, Doggie Daycare, Grooming, Banfield Vet, and of course the pet supplies store itself. The pet supplies are pricier than they should be, and they could have a better rewards program, so that prevents the fifth star. However, I have no real complaints with this place - big, clean, friendly people, good services, etc.
5	I love this place for the Pets Hotel.  We frequently drop our Dane off here for day camp if we are going to be out and about and we have had nothing but good experiences.  The staff here all know her by name and love seeing her when she comes in.  They are very professional and caring when it comes to the animals they take care of.We also recently needed to use them to board our Dane for a weekend and they took amazing care of her.  They are also reasonable priced.  We will definitely continue to come here and utilize the services of the Pets Hotel as long as we are in the Valley.
1	I rescued a 12 lb lasa apso dog about 2 months ago. When I called about boarding him I explained that he was afraid of big dogs, asking if this would be a problem and what I heard was it would not be.  After driving from Chandler, the intake person was more iffy, but we left him. When we picked him up after 2 nights, he seemed very anxious. they said the group walks did not work and that he got person attention which they charged me for. That night, my dog was very anxious and whined and cried in the kennel bed which he had at the pet hotel. He had never done this before. He always found that bed a comfort. Again the next night, but less so.  We have boarded him 3 times before, and picked up a happy little dog.  He is very social and loves playing with other small dogs.  Also, I have always been able to view where he would stay, and here I could not. Never again. Another caveat:  He seems thirsty and I had a dish and water with me when I picked him up. He drank two bowls full, and another when we got back to Chandler.  Obviously, he wasn't being provided with water. Maybe this place reminded him of the shelter I rescued him from. We were traveling from California.. This all happened the weekend of Nov. 5-6, 2011.
5	We just came here yesterday for the Grand opening of This PetsMart, this is the one at 1140 W.Elliot Rd. Tempe.  It is very new and clean and shiny.                              They have absolutely everything you could want here. They have the Banner Pet Hospital, Dog training, Dog and Cat Hotel, and the Grooming station.  I was so impressed with everything that they carried.  They even have a wonderful little set up for all the poor Kitties that are up for Adoption.  We bought a great Kitty Carrier for our Cat and a wonderful leash and collar for our dog. Very clean, very nice, and no weird smell,as  some Petsmarts get.  Lots of parking in the lot as well as nice clean Human bathrooms.
5	We came here the weekend of the Grand Opening. I will say we were very impressed and  there was so much to choose from at this new and improved Pets Mart.  There is a Hotel here for Cats and Dogs. There is a Banner Pet hospital, and there is a Grooming station ,as well as a Dog training store as well. Talk about your one stop shopping. I even got to hold a beautiful baby girl Pug just 6 weeks old. She was absolutly adorable.   We took a picture but have not figured out how to download it yet. Nice and Clean all throughout the store . We purchased a few items and then we were on our way.  Lots of Parking in the lot. Plus nice clean human bathrooms.
4	Very helpful staff, clean and organized store, manager is walking around asking if anyone has any questions, and very busy! Their grooming area is great and the groomers really know what they're doing. This location also has pet adoptions every once in awhile outside, which is cool!
5	Everyone there knows us. Everyone there knows Zoey, our Great Dane.  Everyone is amazing! Which is why we continually drive 30 minutes to go to a Petsmart, so we can get the daycare we know is best for our girl.  Trust me, if I didn't feel safe with her there, or if I felt the people didn't love her, we'd go somewhere else.  But they're fantastic so no worries.  : )
5	For a while we have noticed that customer service has gone way down hill. We had several bad experiences with the competitor right down the street from us and decided to try another store. Not only was this store clean, and the prices were very reasonable but the staff there is what makes this store phenominal. On a random oh we need dog food trip we decided to go to Pet Smart on Elliot. We walked in went right to our pet food with easy to find shelving and unfortunately they were out of the size we needed. Within 2 minutes a polite employee walked by asked if we needed help, we asked if they had the smaller size from a 35 lb to a 25 lb bag and he said he would check. At this point we decided to try a different flavor but of the same brand it was at the price we usually spend else where and was the size we needed. Upon the employees return he stated that they were all out but offered a solution which was selling us the smaller bags 3 which would equal the same amount as the bag size we needed for the same price as the bag size offered. We did the math later and it turns out for about 24 bucks you get 5 extra pounds of food then you would normally going that route. I was so blown away with not only the friendliness, the willing to help but also the offering of a solution. We bought the other flavor thanked him for his effort and made our way to the register which we were greeted by a nice employee who even struck up a conversation about the pet smart card which we forgot and asked what kind of pets we had. When we got out to the car we both had smiles on our face, we couldn't believe the effort, the politeness, the treating a human being like a human being. It is now why we will only shop at Pet Smart. Petco on 48th had some bad customer service, but compared to Pet Smart it was horrible service. Shop only at Pet Smart, the cost and savings are better, the employees actually want your business and are willing to help anyway they can.
4	I like PetSmart. Always have. Of course it is a bonus that this location is right across the street from where I live. They have a great selection of dog toys and it is cool that you can bring your dog with you. I have had my dog groomed here a few times and he has stay a few weekends in the Pets Hotel.When I run out of dog food it is very convent to run over here and grab some. Sometimes it is cheaper than the grocery store but if not they also carry the smaller bags the grocery store doesn't and that is enough to get me though until I can get to the store to buy the big bag. Plus they are open early in the morning so I can run over before I have to go to work.The Pets Hotel is a little expensive but they do include a lot for the price like daily exercise and a pretty nice kennel. Just wish it was a little cheaper.It is a big bonus that is it close to where I live and the prices are pretty good so I will keep coming back.
5	I am writing this review specifically for the Doggie Day Camp.  My puppy (8 month old chihuahua mix) needed someone to watch him during the day for a week. We hadn't looked at a day care/camp yet, since there was a family member home at the time. I was able to find all of the info I needed on the site, and it was easy to print and fill out ahead of time. They needed vaccination records also. My dog LOVES this place, and the employees. He gets excited every time I walk him near a sliding glass door now, and also wags his tail and goes up to anyone wearing a blue shirt (employee's wear blue).They know him by name and that he is on a limited ingredient diet. They are always as happy to see him as he is to see them. I am biased, since I believe he is the best dog that has ever lived, but the fact that they like him is key. He gets a Pawgress report card every day, which is cute, and it tells me whether he ate, pooped, and how he interacted. I was worried that he would forget his potty training (they have a room for that, inside) but he did not.We probably could leave him home all the time, but we send him at least once a week because he loves it so much.You don't need a reservation either, once the dog has been there. That is nice when it is a last minute thing.
5	Great place! We used to go to the Petco down in Ray and 50th, but employees are rude and never around. At this Petsmart people is so friendly and helpful is definitely my store of choice from now on.
5	I usually frequent this PetSmart as I live down the street.  I brought my pup in for his birthday and wanted to find a neat new toy.  We got a toy previously, and we purchased all of them on clearance because he loved it and killed it.  I described the toy to two of the employees, and the found a similar toy.  Just by going off the description of what my dog enjoys they really helped. yay for them.
1	The worst Pet store in the valley. My dog was just released from the hospital due to a serious liver infection. Per recommendation from my vet, I went to get him royal canine hepatic food to aid his recovery process. Unfortunately for me, and my sick dog, my only choice was to go to this awful store. First as I'm checking out the clerk informs me I can't buy this food without a prescription. I ask her why? Does it have some kind of regulated prescription items that need to be prescribed officially by someone with a license? Her answer "No, it's the law" I was in shock, being a person of average intelligence I walk out confused at what just happened. Turns out I was right and found the item for purchase on amazon.com with no need for any prescription. What a joke! I asked the manager to make a one time exception so I can feed my sick dog tonight. She was even worse than the clerk! Just oblivious to any logic that made sense.Do yourself a favor, order off amazon.com the employees here are brain dead, no one should have to deal with them!
5	I come in multiple times a week, every week. I have gone through several training classes with Bryce and he's amazing! He's very straight foward and gives you every tool you need to help your dog succeed, and I swear he's there everyday! My Bella (a small boston terrier) loves the vet there, she has gone there since she was 6 weeks old. The vets and techs are wonderful, they have gotten us in immediately if needed. Every few weeks I drop Bella off at the Doggy Day camp and she has always had the best time. All of the employees recognize us and its wonderful to go in and see friendly faces. I definitely recommend this store and if you do any training, go to Bryce!
