5	Just returned from a visit to Montreal and this was my favorite meal of the whole trip. Like the first reviewer, we dined out on the canopied patio. It was enchanting!We had a lovely, leisurely meal...great wine, fantasic crab cake, wonderful pastas and desserts. The servers worked at a team (and were all nice looking young men!) and provided great service. Would definitely recommend this to anyone visiting Montreal and looking for an upscale Italian meal with great ambiance and service!
5	What a gem of a restaurant! This is not the sort of place I would usually bring my toddler to, as it is very upscale and elegant, but for an early supper out we thought, "why not ?" as I was dying to try this place on a recent visit to Montreal. The waitstaff was more than friendly and accommodating and never made us feel out of place. We opted to stay indoors as it was a particularly chilly evening, but they have the most beautiful terrace for warmer evenings. The inside of the restaurant has a contemporary/modern elegance set in a neutral color palette, with comfortable tables and banquette seating around the perimeter. The food certainly lived up to their reputation as one of Montreal's finest. We shared tender crab cakes, succulent grilled octopus and plump shrimp tempura with a spicy mayo dipping sauce. My husband also sampled the rare seared fillet mignon with wild mushrooms that he raved about. They brought us a cracker and dip platter with three dips (a guacamole, eggplant caviar and white bean puree), and I can tell you I secretly wanted to lick the little dish clean of the white bean it was so good! For entree' I had a Chilean Sea Bass with saffron lobster risotto and spinach, with the largest chunks of lobster I'd ever seen in even a main dish, never mind as a side! I could've eaten a whole bowl of just the risotto, it was amazing, but then to top it with a tender and flaky Chilean Sea Bass?! I was in heaven...The waiter suggested the Cavatelli for my three year-old, and I could kiss him for that, as I had never seen my son eat so much in one sitting! The pasta was perfectly al dente, and the tomato sauce was perfect in it's simplicity, the best I've eaten. My husband, who is not a pasta fan, soon finished off what my little guy couldn't and I dipped my bread into the last traces of that delicious sauce. We finished off our feast with a dessert sampling of homemade sorbets (refreshing and delicious), warm chocolate souffle (wow!), mini tiramisu cups, cheesecake bites and a nutty bar that was amazing! If you are in Montreal and looking for a fantastic meal in an elegant environment, do not miss Bice, it's a must try!
4	We are considering Bice to cater our wedding in the Fall. Because it was the holiday season and they were too booked up to do a tasting, we decided to try out their restaurant.7pm on a Tuesday night and the restaurant was relatively quiet for the holiday season. We arrived a bit early and wanted to get a drink at the bar which is located near the back end of the restaurant. The bartender was clueless and when I asked her for a cocktail menu she immediately said they didn't have one. The manager gave her an odd look and then she said "oops yes we do actually have one" and handed it to me. I had a nice glass of red wine (pricey!) and bf had beer. We were escorted to our table and immediately given a pretty plate of bruschetta and 3 dips. (see pics) I loved the garlicy one! I think this is a complimentary dish they give customers as I saw everyone getting them.I ordered a pasta dish (to test out for the wedding) and he ordered the filet mignon. The pasta was average- a bit oily and nothing special. He enjoyed his filet mignon, but nothing TOO special. The portion was really large which was surprising.After our main courses, the waiter came out and gave us complimentary "the grand finale" which was amazing! There was two of each of their desserts: creme brulee, chocolate souffle, chocolate ganache, etc. Just delicious! The presentation of the dishes was lovely but the food lacked quality and flavour for the reputation Bice holds. However, the dessert was to die for! Note- Bice's catering menu is apparently very different from the restaurant. Will update after our tasting in March.
5	I had the most amazing experience at Bice this past weekend. We were visiting from San Francisco for a bday celebration. My sister in law made a reso months ago, 8 people.. She forgot to ask for patio seating, while they told us it wasn't available, we arrived and were surprised that indeed we were to be seated outside in the lovely patio. The ambiance was amazing - everything about this place was exquisite. We started with a few apps: Calamari, octupus, crab cakes, tuna tartare, carpaccio and the beat salad. While the crab cake was the winner, all others were fantastic as well. BTW- we're a party of 10 and all are big eaters.. My main enteree was the Chilean Sea bass, my hubby ordered the lobster linguine. I dont recall what else was ordered, but I can certainly say that all dishes were sent back empty and we all make several comments throughout the meal on how delicious it all was. For our dessert - we ordered the sampler: Ice cream, cheesecake, creme brulee, chocolate lava cake, bread pudding and fruit. I would absolutely recommend that you order the same should you desire dessert. The service was impeccable. Our waiter was attentive and kind.. I'm unsure when I'll be bank in Montreal, but one things for sure.. Bice will be on the agenda..
2	Food was ok, wasn't worth the high price. Service was terrible and almost nonexistent. My wife ordered the seafood risotto and it was undercooked. Had to ask for bread for the table and they never brought any butter or olive oil. It seemed like the waiters and owners catered to friends and people they knew and completely ignored everyone else. I saw several other dissatisfied customers around me. The atmosphere was dull and they played a house music loop that made you want to fall asleep. I come from the NYC/NJ area so I am used to very good Italian food.. and this food was average and the service was amateur. Don't waste your time or your money.. unless you like "ok" Italian food and being ignored for a very high price.
5	One of the many top restaurants in Montreal.  Somewhat pricey but they come through on all the key elements: food, service and atmosphere. I had the pasta with sausage. It was fantastic. Pasta was perfectly cooked and the red sauce divine. My wife had something that was not on the menu; the veal.  The best we have ever had!  The service was 4 star. A little slow but they were dealing with two parties of 20 plus. They did a great job of catering to our needs without being annoying. Lastly, the atmosphere was 5 star. Make sure you request outside seating. It's a great outdoor area. All in all, well worth the price.
5	What an AMAZING restaurant. Food is freshly made and you know it. Service is fantastic and friendly. I had a three course meal, the anti-pasti was great, the pasta dish was phenomenal, and the dessert heavenly. Truly a fantastic experience. The decor and seating (outside) was also great.
4	wow what a place! The food is great, and no complaints. The price is really high! The decor is authentic, and the staff is very friendly. If your lucky you might catch a a celebrity  eating there! Bice is great for couples, and a romantic evening. Don't bring kids here, its a slow service, were you get to enjoy your time and talk. This is more of a "adult only" place.
3	The outdoor seating area is very nice, but they offer a very limited number of beers.  Food was good, as was the service.
3	The food is okay but not special. The wine prices are ridiculous. In the end, this is a restaurant that takes itself far too seriously.
5	It had been awhile since I had gone so when business partners were coming to Montreal on a cold night in October, my first thought was Beatrice's lovely terrace.By all accounts, the restaurant still holds the torch on fine dining. My companions all loved every course they had. Everything in the menu is inviting (at least to my taste). My grilled octopus was delicious. The spaghetti vongole is some of the best in Montreal. I recommended the first timers at the table to start with an appetizer portion of pasta followed by a meat or fish. The food was plenty. Bravo to the team at Beatrice. I won't wait so long to return.
4	Great meal and great service!!!
