5	There are few people in this world that promise you a price, and a time to get something done and then out do themselves on both counts. Al is just such a person! So that is the short review, here is the story. On Dec 23rd a driver that for this review will remain nameless, turned left in front of my GMC Jimmy.  His insurance company totaled my SUV over my objections... The adjuster estimated the damage to be nearly $4000. After consulting with my mechanic and 3 body shops, and looking for a replacement vehicle on Craigslist, I came to the conclusion that repairing it was still the best option, though it was looking to cost most if not all of what the adjusters estimate was. The third body shop said that they use Al's Unibody and Frame to straighten the frames on any vehicles that they work on. So with the suggestion that he should look at this first I gave him a call. Al answered the phone and told me to come on over. He put it up on his lift, grabbed his levels, then proceeded to show me what was going on, what he could do and that if I would like, he could not only straighten the frame but he could replace the bumper, grille and headlight. He gave me a very good price compared to the estimates I had in hand. He then did something completely unexpected... he asked if I wanted to do a some of the work myself to save a bit of the labor cost. After finding my jaw and replacing it back on my face I agreed to help. The details maybe over doing it for the review however it should be said that Al showed me what could be easily removed, brought me the tools and in short order the headlight, and grille were off the GMC, three of the bolts were out of the bumper cover. One remained as it was at a strange angle, to be removed after the frame was pulled straight. The letters G,M, & C that the body shops had priced at $100 were recovered from the broken grille, salvaged and ready for the new one.  So this part of the story comes to and end, with $50 saved and a feeling that the "Jimmy" was in good hands.That was on Friday, Al told me that it would be ready by Wednesday. He called Monday to tell me that the tow hook that broke off in the crash could be replace by one in a junk yard he found for 15 dollars if I would like to go pick it up and bring it to him,  or alternatively. they could deliver it for about $50 or I could get it new. I made my choice, the car was completed on Tuesday. The bill was an amazingly reasonable $1060.00.  With about 30 years of experience Al knows what can be done, what makes sense to do, and tells me he won't do the job if he can't make it good enough that he would put one of his kids back behind the wheel. He gets all 5 stars from me, the work he did was what was asked of him, he beat his own estimate for completion in both time and money. He was so nice to work with, this isn't something you want to repeat... Having an accident sucks! Working with Al was the best part. If your reading this Al, Thank You again.
5	My truck had been in an accident already with similar frame damage and other shops said they wouldn't be able to fix it. Here they, not only, fixed it but they did it better than the first time and great price. Fast turn around, highly rated because of the great work really couldn't have asked for anymore.
5	First ill start off with saying my truck is currently getting repaired at Als this very moment and I will update my review as soon as I pick it up. What brought me into Als Unibody and Frame Repair shop. About 3 weeks ago i bought a 2003 Dodge Dakota in last week to have Al take a look at it. I bought the truck off Craigslist and got ripped off big time. Not only did I have to put $2,000 in repairs to the motor and tranny within not even a week of owning it, I found out after pressing my breaks hard and hearing a loud pop underneath my truck and it pulling hard to the right that my frame was pretty much cracked in half. The seller used bondo and paint to hide it. I took the truck in to 3 different auto collision center's and was turned down by 2 of them and the 3rd one estimated the damage to be at $3,500. I decided to do some more shopping and found some private welderd and was turned down by all 3. One of them recommended I take it to Al. Im glad I did. He put my truck on the lift and checked it over explaing everything in detail. After looking my truck over he said I would need a comple right side frame piece from another truck. He called several junk yards and got a few different prices and went with the that cost me less. When he showed md the estimate he wrote up  I thought there must have been a typo coming in a little over $2,000 less then what the other shop quoted me. Of course I went forward with the repairs I felt real comfortable leaving my truck in his hands. I never felt pressured into anything and I never got the feeling that he was "in it for tge money." Now with all that being said he definitely made a good first impression and as soon as I pick up my truck I will update this review and tell about my experience after repairs r done
5	After reading all the other reviews on yelp I decided to trust my car to Al, I figured it was gonna be either the best mechanic ever, or a total scheme with the kind of reviews it had. Lucky for me, it was the best I have ever had. I first called in to a messaging machine and left a message in which I hope they got to.I left it at around 9 Pm on a Friday. I received a call the next Monday in the morning.The lady that was speaking, which is Al's wife, was very courteous and polite. We were able to communicate about the car damage and the repair even though I am not very car talk friendly. I am one of those people you would sit down in front of a car, and I could tell you how to call triple a to check your battery. Sit me in front of a pc and I can turn it like it was brand new, and clean any virus. Cars on the other hand, not a clue. I had the car towed to the shop and it was entirely fixed up by yesterday - that weeks next Friday.The bill was very clear, and so was the discussion after the fact. I was even able to come in on Saturday and pick it up when I called ahead.Anyone looking for a place, this is it.
5	Took my car to 3 different shops to correct a misalignment issue, none could locate the problem. It was, "We know there's a problem, but we don't know where to look to fix it." Someone recommended this place. Car was fixed, took to alignment shop, they were able to align with no issues. Old World Craftsmanship, that is all I have to say.
