4	I went here looking for unique ribbon and the staff was really helpful.  The store is well organized so it is easy to find things.  The Christmas section was especially nice.  They have a lot of super cute ornaments and other decorations. I will definitely be back after the holidays to pick up whatever is left over, assuming it is on sale. That's the way I always shop for Christmas decorations, cards, etc.  It all goes in a box and then, come Thanksgiving, I've completely forgot what I bought.  I get to open the box and surprise myself. It's like an early Christmas for me!I have bought furniture here in the past and it's held up fine.  But it's not high quality stuff or anything.  I bought a couple of end tables for our guest room and the drawers are pretty flimsy.  But they were cheap and they do the job.  I'm a big believer in "you get what you pay for," especially when it comes to furniture.
5	Ive come in here so many times, spent easily hundreds of dollars and always leave thinking Wow, what a great vibe. I will stop shopping somewhere if the vibe is off, if a worker scoffs at my overly excited children, the cashier isn't smiling and so on. I put out energetic, happy vibes and expect the same in return. This Pier 1 Imports separates itself because each person on the floor is cheery,extremely helpful and just personable. The selection is beautiful and laid out perfectly.I will add I mentally think about yelping a place each time I go in, and won't yelp unless I have more than one good experience. Yesterday,  I went in and there was an older lady that just seemed grumpy and annoyed in general. Hopefully she can switch that up =)
4	I like this store and more importantly Wifee and The Princess love it!We find it really good for accessories, cushions, plates , flowery stuff. On my last visit I got a great mirror from display. It was very slightly damaged and they gave me an extra 20% discount (NO RETURN i WAS WARNED). It is fine, no-one else will even notice the mark on the frame. There are sofas, tables and many chairs. All look good but I haven't nneded to purchase yet.
5	I love Pier 1.  If your looking for housewares THIS IS THE PLACE.  You can find anything you want for your home in this store.  Its like housewares on steroids.  The styles range from modern, vintage to countryish all to cater to whatever style you are looking for.  They have furniture, frames, mirrors, curtains, decorative pillows, outdoor furniture and accessories, dishes, vases, wall decor etc.  Right now if you are looking for bright colors....bright colors are everywhere.  The customer service is amazing as soon as you walk through the door when most every time you will be greeted with a smile and a warm "welcome".  The staff is always around to assist if needed.  I have needed assistance the last two times I was there and they went over and beyond to help me with my questions.  Check it out if you haven't already!  Highly recommended!
4	I think Pier 1 is one of those places where no one "needs" anything but they merchandize well and kind of make you want it.I like to cook and entertain so I'm usually not so much shopping and browsing for that unusual serving dish, dishes for tastings, things to make a table interesting, etc.  I honestly do browse more than buy these days because I'm just running out of space to store the seldom used but always appreciated specialty items.It's always a pleasant hunt for a little treasure I shouldn't buy... but do.
3	Solid selection of decor and entertaining items- regular pricing is a bit high IMO, but with clearance sales the products magically become more appealing. Unless it's a candle, because I can't stomach the idea of spending $11 clearance on a candle, sorry.Furniture and wall decor sections have a lot of variety and tend to be well-maintained; if you find anything marked down be sure to check it for damage. Currently, they are selling some floor samples ($800 couch), which is worth checking out if you really like the style here.I mostly look for decorative objects to add to my home rather than large pieces. There are also a lot of gift items here, like picture frames, jewelry, scarves, and some smaller items (notebooks, jewelry boxes, bookends, etc).
