5	Loved this little place. A true local gem, with great brews and good food!
5	It's taken a long time but we finally have a small local brewery by us in the west valley.  Throughout my posts you will quickly learn this side of town is just missing the love when it comes to good local joints.  But no more, we found out about a small brewery that is located in the small historic corner of Litchfield Park. The menu is still a work in progress but they have a few snacks and sandwiches that will help you soak up some great pints.  They have about 7 different brews, they have a few IPA's, an oatmeal stout and a red ale too.  The black IPA is awesome and my personal favorite.  The ambiance is very small, the seating for this place is definitely at about 25 people if that. One of the owners, Neil is there talking and greeting customers and he had been brewing for over a decade and cares about the quality and feedback, I suggest you stop by and support their shop.
5	Not many true microbreweries in west Phoenix but this one is pretty solid! Small, intimate bar, very limited space and everyone is very close when it's full which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Beers taste great (they were still naming the on the spot)! Menu limited to 3 basic items, but hell, a brewery should keep it simple! Well done, keep it going!
5	The litchfield taproom is a brewery near the wigwam with an old world feel that has a great atmosphere, friendly service, and most importantly, fantastic beer! Can't wait to go again!
2	My boyfriend had an IPA which he said was great.  I had an amber beer but would rather have had a wine or lighter beer but they didn't gave that as a choice.  The place is a work in progress.   Needs some ambiance for sure. Dim the lights, add some mirrors (because it is so small, the mirrors will open it up a bit) add wine to your menu and chill your glasses.  Offer a lighter beer choice too.  Menu needs improvement.
5	Bartender was so cute and nice and the beer is really good- Paul's pale and pb porter!
4	This place is a solid find for the west valley craft beer scene.  Brown ale, chocolate stout, and red ale are all excellent. Haven't had the chance to try the others, but I will.
4	I've had Litchfield Taproom bookmarked for some time and over the weekend I was finally able to check it out. It's amazing to have a great craft brewery so near to home.Litchfield Taproom is a bit small so I wouldn't recommend huge groups but it's perfect for small parties craving some lunchtime craft brews. We decided to get a flight of beers to get a taste of which we'd like the most.My favorites were the Haboob Black IPA and the Arsonist Amber. The beau enjoyed the Haboob as well and the Red Ale.We ordered food there too. It was a small menu of brats, grilled cheese, and a meat and cheese plate. We split the grilled cheese and brats and both were delicious. Don't skimp out on the onions!I look forward to coming back here and trying their chocolate stout.
5	Came here on a Saturday afternoon with the old man and couldn't be happier. It's a small space, but it works well for the craft brews that they have. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, so be sure to do a tasting flight. My favorite by far was the Savannah Marie IPA, and at 7.9% ABV it's sure to leave you all tingly inside. Happy hour offers a dollar off all their beers, which are very reasonably priced even without the deal. And get this, on Sundays all their beers are $4! They have small bites on the menu, but we didn't get a chance to try them. I'm so glad there is a craft brewery on the west side and can't wait to return. Might even get some growlers to go next time!
4	Peoria Artisan Brewery and their Taproom is honestly really far from my place so it was quite a drive, but worth it. We are trying to visit every brewery in Arizona so it was on the list, but if I lived in Peoria, I would come here more often. It's a tiny little place with only a few tables, but I really like the small, cozy atmosphere. It's a place to stop by with a friend or date for a few drinks and have a good time.Pick up a flight as they have all the standard styles including a strawberry wheat. The IPa.r.k. IPA was not very hoppy but wasfull flavored with a delicious bready aftertaste. Same can be said about the Paul's Pale Ale. Because it's a small place, it's not somewhere you want to bring a large group or party, but better for rolling solo or with a date.
5	Small and friendly, just as it should be! Great unique beers and bartenders are friendly. I live within walking distance and will support them forever. A TRUE microbrewery with handcrafted beers. If you are looking for wine, wayery light beer, or a cosmo, try a chain. If you are looking for a great beer that took some time/effort, this is your spot!
4	Bottom line:Beer was good. The food was good.The bartender/cook was in the weeds when we got there and stayed in the weeds until we left after eating a grilled cheese sandwich and a brat 1.5 hours after our arrival. Thankfully the owner arrived to help wash some dishes, although I think he should have helped kick out the food first because no one was waiting on beer, but literally everyone there was waiting for food.  The bartender was very friendly and enjoyed chatting it up with regulars and new faces alike. I'm glad this is a viable option for a beer. I've grown tired of the offerings at the hotel bar next door and the other bars nearby are pretty rundown and dirty.
5	We absolutely loved everything about this place. The beer is well crafted and the service was phenomenal. The staff was informative and friendly. Definitely a great stop if you are a beer lover!
5	The staff is so friendly and the beer is excellent. Plus on Sunday, they have $4 beers!
5	Great selection of beers that changes regularly.  Everything I've tried is excellent.  Good pub food as well.
5	This place is an small and friendly place.  A micro brewery with no hidden big brewer front .  It's the real deal sitting no more than 25 people, yet got the selection and favor of someone who knows the craft.  Go on Sundays for $4.  Hope I see you there
4	Showed up on a late Thursday night. The place was literally empty, a couple of stool tables, a nice bar, a couple of TV's all while a lovely young lady worked the bar.I must of came in the perfect time because their handcrafted beer were mostly above 6% abv in my opinion that's the way beer should be made.Daddy Angus Strong Ale 9%abv was my favorite: pours dark brown, unfortunately their CO2 was a little off-beat so the head lingered a very long time, nonetheless I patiently waited for the beige head to subdue. The taste was Malty, sweet, rich its one of those beers that goes down scary smooth. Other notable beers that touched my palate; Haboob IPA, SAISON, SAVANNAH IPA, Red Rain IPA. They don't have a full menu (only reason I didn't give 5stars) however I did have a brat in sesame seed bun with onions Its only a matter of time before they get a bigger menu.....I hope.  As I walked out I noticed it was about 20min past their closing time (Thursday 10pm) and our host didn't say a word she just kept on going like she was part of the group. I felt very comfortable I hate when they rush me out by "cleaning". I will definitely come back with my growlers.
