1	I think an unborn fetus is smarter than the people who work here.Stay far away if you don't want to get the crappiest Taco Bell you have ever had.Blah.
3	The drive through line is always long at the weirdest times. I would not come here during a lunch hour because I may end up spending the whole hour waiting for my order. When I get up to the drive through window, I paid and sat and watched them make my order. It made me wonder what takes them so long. The servers were nice and friendly. My food was hot. But I really don't like waiting so long for "fast food". I love how you can really feed a whole family from their menu for less than $10-$15.
2	The tables were dirty. The food was exactly what you would expect. It is an hour after my meal and no tummy gurgles yet. Whew!
1	Wow I forgot how great Taco Bell is. I never realized they had so many zero calorie options on their menu. You might say What Taco Bell has zero calorie options you are crazy. To which I say no sir just about everything on their menu is zero calories because once you throw it up after you eat it you don't absorb any calories.I am sorry I don't usually rank on a place this bad but this was really bad. I am sure some people just love it but not this person. The staff seemed nice enough. Although it seemed like the guy on the registers second day on the job. Also when you just stuff the napkins still inside the wrapper in the place where the napkins go and tear open the end that is not really refilling the napkins. Just saying.The food is tasteless and horrible. I wouldn't even feed it to my dog because the ASPCA might come after me. I know that is harsh and I am being mean to get a laugh but this is the worst kind of fast food. It gives fast food a bad name. I don't even dare call it Mexican food because it is so far away from real Mexican food it has never even met real Mexican food. Real Mexican food would beat up Taco Bell food if they crossed paths.Like I said I know people just love Taco Bell but as for me I will try, shouldn't be that hard, to never eat here again. Sorry Taco Bell.
4	This Taco Bell has never given me any problem and I have been her numerous times, only this was my first time checking in there on Yelp. Being the drive-up line was at least 8 cars deep, I went inside and ordered my items to go, as I was meeting my husband at his work for lunch and also ordered an item for one of his co-workers. I only had to wait about 5 or so minutes before everything was ready and bagged. Very friendly people work there and they are fast! The only thing that was alarming was the filter cover was off the front of the soda machine and looked like a large eyesore. I couldn't keep from staring at it. I notice weird things like that, and it just creeps me out!Got the food to my lunch destination and everything was good, although the left the salsa out of one of the taco salads I ordered (found it later inside of my order when we were finished). Everything tasted great and was a nice break from our usual sandwich lunches we have every so often. I just hope the next time I step foot in there, they have their soda machine filter cover back on!
3	This Taco Bell is decent. It is always busy when I go through the drive thru. You normally have to wait in a line that has you in the middle of the parking lot of Costco where cars going straight have to drive around you. That is somewhat annoying. They are pretty slow and always push you to get more when ordering even after saying no. Lucky for them the food is amazing, well at least tastes amazing.
1	This Taco Bell is terrible. The food is the same as any other Taco Bell, but the service here is downright sad. They have messed up my order 3 times in a row. I hate sour cream and always ask for no sour cream and every time I always get sour cream. This place sucks at life, go somewhere else.
3	My review is based on the service.  I have always received great service from this location and have nothing to complain about. However, Taco Bell's quality of food is another story. If you have the extra couple bucks, get a real taco or burrito from Chipotle or Los Taquitos nearby. However, if you like cheap and tasteless food then this place is perfect for you. I only gave them a better rating because they have fast and quick service. The food quality is out of their control but I wouldn't give a business five stars solely on service.
1	We went through the drive thru last night we got there at 11:15, whomever was working the window served the car in front of us, ( mind you all the lights in the drive thru were on and the board was all lite up. We pull up to place our order and waited...and waited for 5 minutes and no one came on to take our order. Finally we pulled up to the window and we see the employees all in the back , looks like they were having a good old time. Needless to say they lost a customer last night. Kind of sad for a Taco Bell, that shows on here they are open until midnight.
