4	I stayed here at the start and end of my Scotland trip.  Above-average hotel in a quiet location just a few blocks south of the Royal Mile, far enough away from the fray.  It's not a lovely place; sort of modern blah style.  Honestly, I didn't think much from the lobby when coming in but my room was much better; quiet, comfortable, with a large, clean bathroom and flatscreen TV; my second room was even better, about double the size and on a higher floor.  There's no wi-fi in the rooms, but there is an ethernet cable and no charge for access; there is also free wi-fi in the cafe.  A bit steep for what it is, but seems to be standard for Edinburgh.One small complaint:  points off for not accommodating an early check-in.  After a transatlantic flight involving grimy taxicabs, grimy airports, grimy public transport, grimy fellow travelers, and (if you're flying out of JFK), even some grimy pigeons, about the first thing I want is hot shower.  I arrived at 10 a.m. and was told my room would be ready by 12:30 p.m.  It wasn't.  It wasn't ready when I checked back at 1:30.  In fact, it wasn't ready until 3.  Now, I know 3 is regular check-in time, but getting a room ready for a guest really isn't much of a challenge at most other hotels I've visited.
4	You'd hardly even notice that this hotel exists unless you were looking for it; it's nestled behind the Royal Colege of Surgeons just off Nicolson Street. That's one of the great things about it - it's in a really central location but it's not noisy like so many other city centre hotels.Aesthetically, the view from the outside probably won't blow you away. Think functional and minimalist, with lots of glass and metal. The rooms, on the other hand, were inviting and comfortable and bigger than you'd get in a lot of city centre places.If you're looking for somewhere nice to stay but aren't into all of the frills and faff of the bigger hotel chains (nobody's going to knock on your door and ask if you want your quilt turned down), then this is a great option. The receptionist told me it was built by the College of Surgeons, for people coming to meetings/conferences/exams etc so you can get an idea from that of what to expect.If you don't mind walking 5-10 minutes to the Royal Mile, and 10-15 minutes up to Princes Street, then I'd definitely recommend this place.
4	I totally agree with  Fiona H, you would never know this place was here unless you went looking for it!But once you've found it - you've struck gold!It's one of the better places in Edinburgh to stay in, it's quiet, it's trendy enough and it's central! If you know Edinburgh, it's a good place to stay. Because of its location, in Newington, if you don't know the city then you'll end up spending quite a bit of money on taxi's, when it's a perfectly nice 15 min walk from the city centre.Have a look online, there is usually a decent deal on for weekend  breaks. The concierge in here is brilliant too - my mum came here once and asked the concierge to surprise her and she had the best day ever - they organised a city tour (she didn't have the heart to tell them she always comes to Edinburgh) and a nice dinner! lovely!
3	The hotel itself is in a great location and situated a short walk from the royal mile and Edinburgh castle and the old town bits. For location this place gets 5 stars. The room were given on the other had did leave a bit to be desired. The bed was not great and sunk in the middle a bit. Never a great thing when you are trying to share a double bed. The bar was backing onto our room so you could hear the piano player all evening. Don't get me wrong I do love piano but not for an entire evening :-)The staff were friendly and the check on process was relatively straightforward. The wifi was ok but very slow. All in all an ok place but value for money was lacking for me. Hopefully if I come back here again I might get a different experience.
4	Service in the brasserie was attentive but just noticeably slow between placing our food order and it arriving. Presentation of the dishes was of a good standard though and none of the 7 of us had any complaints about the quality of the food. The Scottish charcuterie platter can easily feed just one person rather than be shared. Pint prices although of the hotel variety are not, in the main, worse than many other city centre establishments.
