5	Brock Quinn and his team at State Farm are some of the most honest and hard working people I know. They honestly care about their clients and prospective clients needs and well being. If Brock can't offer you what you need, or knows you can get it cheaper somewhere else, he'll tell you. That's rare in the insurance industry these days. Do yourself a favor and get a quote from him, you'll be glad you did.
5	This agency was really helpful in getting the right coverages for my new condo and Jeep and explaining what all of this insurance wording really means. I recently purchased my first property and needed to talk to someone to understand what I needed so that I don't get too much or too little coverage. I also am not too familiar with how insurance works so it was great to have someone to talk to who could explain everything to me. I had no idea what some of the coverages even meant until I had a conversation with Brock. I got a quote and followed up several times with many questions over 2 weeks before actually opening my policy. After working with Brock and some of the staff there I felt comfortable knowing that there is a place I can go to have a discussion about any concerns in person without having to call some 800 number and wait on hold for what feels like an eternity. For something as important as my home and car I wanted a place I can turn to for guidance. Brock and his team helped me a lot. I now am looking into refinancing my car, getting life insurance, and health insurance too all through this agency. I would have never know an insurance agency would have offfered these things if I didn't walk in to this office a few weeks ago. I would recommend  this place to anyone looking for insurance of any kind and even loans. Give them a call. It can't hurt.
5	Brock Quinn is one of State Farm's best agents!  He is extremely informative.  He serves his clients by always having their best interest in mind and by truly being there in times of need.  I can attest that Brock never sells coverage beyond what a client needs.  In addition to my personal home/auto/life insurance coverage, Brock just recently wrote my family's health insurance policy ... something I did not know that State Farm offered!  And, the policy is a really great one with very good coverage.  On the business side, Brock insures my small business, covers my malpractice insurance and will soon handle my workman's compensation insurance coverage.  Do I know a great agent when I find one, or what!?
5	I was referred to Brock by a friend who spoke very highly of him. I had been with another provider for over 5 years so I was a bit skeptical at first, but after switching, I had no idea what I was missing! Brock was incredibly helpful and took the time to explain everything that I didn't understand. I now have my health, car, & renters insurance through State Farm and I really did save by switching! Brock is awesome.
