5	I have been taking my daughters to Dr. Gentile and his associates since he had a smaller practice in Chandler.  Even though for us, it's a longer drive, it's well worth it.It is very easy to make an appointment.  There have been a few times when my daughters had health concerns that needed immediate attention, and Dr. Gentile's staff was gracious enough to accommodate us and squeeze us into their schedule.I really get the feeling that they value my daughters as patients.  They understand that going to the emergency room or urgent care isn't always the best option time-wise and financially.  Dr. Gentile and his staff has always been there for us.They also have a very clean facility that includes separate waiting rooms for well and sick children.  They have flat-screen TV's in both sides, which really help alleviate kids from getting too restless.I love the staff and the level of care that they provide.I would recommend Dr. Gentile's office for anyone in search of a friendly, caring, and knowledgeable pediatrician.
1	We love Dr Steve!--update 7/24/13--In all the years we have been coming here we have not had a single issue, until they hired the new woman up front. I believe her name is Siri. Today took the cake, but before that a little back story. We have called for the 6mo appointment for Lily Mae for the past few weeks. Every day she answers and gives whatever excuse she can think of. Computers down, no appointments for two weeks, she is too busy right now, I have heard them all. Finally my wife gets us an appointment today at one two four zero, yes, one two four zero. Seriously, who gives the appointment time like that? Siri does, that is who. Then gives you an attitude and acts like your ignorant when you clarify. After making the appointment she asked what the appointment is for, and when she hears it is for a six month checkup (daughter is now seven months, took that long to get in) she gives my wife the third degree for getting her in late. Remember, we are only late because their have been "no appointments, computers down, I don't have time for this right now" for the past three weeks. So, we get to the appointment thirty minutes early. Those with two or more kids know, its thirty minutes early or thirty minutes late, there is no happy medium. Check in and get things going. Siri (first time I have met her in person) informs me that my insurance is cancelled. I advise her that it is not cancelled, there has been an ongoing issue with my insurance and they had to remove and re-add Lily Mae as her birth date was incorrect in their systems. She gives me an attitude and tells me that I will have to pay the bill if the insurance company does not pay. I let her know, again, that they will pay the bill and I am already aware of the issue. Most would leave it at that, but not Siri. Oh no, she must seek the "truth"! About ten minutes later I hear her blurting out my insurance ID number. She was on the phone with my insurance company to verify my insurance before she would let us go in for our appointment. Unbelievable! So the insurance company, who has not yet been informed by my employer of the changes to the birth date (all of this transpired this week) tells her that Lily Mae is no longer on the plan (duh, I just told you all of this). She tells the agent "thanks, I knew there was something going on, we'll put a stop to this" and hangs up. Giving me a dirty look she calls me back up to tell me that the doctor cannot see me unless I pay for the visit. Game over, no more being nice. After giving her a piece of my mind another woman up front came out and I stopped addressing her. Within a few seconds of talking to this other woman she understood the situation and got us back on track. Siri was not having any of that and started her mouth back up, glaring, and LAUGHING at me. At this point I was done speaking with her and informed them I would be leaving their office and would not return. As I was getting the girls things packed up and watching as Siri sat in her chair watching us and smiling as if she just did something grand I chose to stay in spite of her. She is not an accurate reflection of this practice, everyone else is great. I jump on the phone with my benefits department at work and they confirm Lily Mae is insured within a few minutes. I have NEVER had a claim not go through at their office. My kids have both went there their entire lives. To treat someone that loyal like they are the scum of the earth is COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE. To call a patient a liar that has been with your practice since the start and go as far as calling in benefits for a wellness checkup is far beyond excusable. My advice to Dr Gentile and the rest of the staff, get rid of this CANCER before you lose more patients. If she is here with this attitude when I come back for our nine month checkup, we will not be back.Now, to be fair, the star rating is down based solely on this person. Without her, this office is still a five star. With her here, the positives do not outweigh the negative she creates. Dr Steve and the rest of the staff were quite apologetic for her actions, but they should never have to be put in such a position. She has no business in the position she is in, she needs to be tucked away in a cubicle somewhere handling TPS reports and speaking to no clients of whatever business she is working for.
2	I'm sure Dr. Gentile is a fine doctor and a good person but when when my husband and I were interviewing pediatric offices I found Dr. Gentile to be annoyed by our questions about alternative shot schedules and he stated that they only follow the APA's vaccine schedule and then he proceeded to tell me what horrible things might happen to my baby should we not follow the schedule. I understand that vaccines are important but we chose a different pediatric office because we live an organic lifestyle and chose to go with a variation of Dr. Sears' shot schedule (our kiddos do get all of the shots, just more spread out), and this other office was willing to work with us. Dr. Gentile's office was just not right for us.By the way, we chose to go with Desert Shores Pediatrics, they are great!!!
1	Dr Gentile misdiagnosed my daughter which made her end up in the hospital. She had a UTI that ended up leading to a kidney infection. I informed him or her symptoms and that I thought she had a UTI, he assured me it was an ear infection and sent me on my way. Later that afternoon her fever reached 107!! I called the doctors office and spoke to the nurse and she told me to put her in the bath and give her Motrin. What?! 107 is so high, that nurse should have told me to get my daughter straight over to the ER!  The next day I took her to the ER because I knew something was wrong. The ER staff informed me she had a kidney infection and was very dehydrated. She ended up staying at Carson's children hospital for 2 days.Never ever will I go back to dr gentile. He is a nice man but he needs to listen to the mom. My daughter was way to sick to have just an ear infection. even at our follow up visit he said he still didn't think she had a UTI. Even after the hospital said she did.
4	We have been taking our daughter to Dr Gentile since birth. She is now 10 months. We have had a positive experience every time with Dr. Gentile. We only had 1 negative experience  at the Gilbert office with a different doctor at that location. She told me I needed to give my very large baby (9lbs) formula when I was solely breastfeeding. I didn't like that at all especially since I told her that I didn't want to do formula. I decided not to take her advice and see Dr. Gentile instead on our next visit. Dr. Gentile always respects our wishes. We are very happy.
1	I took my daughter to Dr.Gentile's office and she saw Dr.Kelly (she must be new,I newer saw her before) and she gave her an antibiotic assuming that she has a UTI. She told me to give it to her and if they call me back with negative results I can stop giving her antibiotic and if it's positive to continue with antibiotic. So I called the office the next day and left the message for the triage nurse ,I never received the call back. The next day the same thing, left the msg., and around 4pm I was thinking they are closing soon so I called again and asked how long does it take for a nurse to respond??? I then was put on hold till she find out what the lab result is. She came back to tell me that they didn't receive the lab results yet. They will probably be here tomorrow (Friday) and they will call me right away.Do you think they called???NO!!! So, I am giving my daughter antibiotic maybe for no reason, we don't know if she has a UTI and there is weekend coming, meaning it's been already 5 days of the treatment. After the weekend i called with my patience lost and of course the same procedure, leave the msg. for the triage and she will call back. I guess when you sound frustrated they call right away. I received the call five min. after leaving the msg. The nurse said that the urine sample was NEVER sent to the lab, it was to little and that somebody probably threw it in the trash. Why they didn't tell me this before??? If it was too little I could have come back the same day (not after 7 days!) and leave another one. Right??? The nurse said to come back and leave another urine sample again! Oh, and I don't need to set up the appointment! What relief!!!
4	We've been coming to this office since they moved here in 2007, and saw them at the old location prior to that.  I've never been a fan of Dr Gentile himself, but his PA Steve Snesko is wonderful.  I'm sure Dr Gentile is a great person and a great Dr with many years of experience.  But he and I just don't see eye to eye on certain things.  Steve has never judged my decisions or 2nd guessed my mother's intuition.  In fact, one of my kids was constantly sick as an infant.  While another PA, a NP and Dr Gentile all ignored my concerns and wrote me off as a paranoid mother, Steve took the time to listen to what I was saying, he understood that I know my kid better than anyone else and helped diagnose her correctly.  Once we did that, problem solved!  Steve recognizes us and remembers details about my kids when we go.  He'll ask one about school or soccer.  Or he'll remember that one is a Girl Scout.  I love that he's about my age, has kids my age and gets where we are, because he's in that same place in life.  It's usually pretty easy to get in for sick/same day appointments, especially if you call first thing in the morning.  For all of the well-child visits, so long as you call about a month in advance, I've had no trouble getting in at the time we need to (birthday, milestone, etc).  A little planning on my part goes a long way.  I always recommend Steve when anyone asks.
5	I was referred to Dr. Gentile by a friend and have had nothing but positive experiences with Dr. Gentile and his staff. There's a few reviews that mention misdiagnosis, while I can't comment on those because I don't know the details, there is no such thing as a perfect doctor- or one who knows absolutely everything. One child's whimper may be another child's excruciating pain. We will definitely continue using Dr. Gentile.
