3	I think people are writing reviews for Beach Cafe since Cafe Nikki hasn't been on Yelp.com.  Anyway, I've had two experiences here.  I'm staying at the Tropicana so sometimes you don't feel like travelling far for food.1. I had room service.  I would have been fine going down to pickup my food and save the $7+ fee ($5 delivery plus added in tip) but apparently you are not allowed to do this.  I ended up paying $22+ for a grilled chicken sandwich that took 40 minutes to deliver around 11 PM.  The order service was friendly and the delivery service was also a friendly person, but very expensive.  It was very filling though. You pay a lot but you get your tummy filled. I was satisfied with the food quality. The bread and toppings were good and the steak fries were tasty.  The chicken quality was ok.2. I went down for the breakfast buffet.  I just went by myself as my boyfriend was out at Red Rocks climbing.  They sat me at a small table.  The music playing was nice downbeat electronica and the atmosphere was great.  You could look at Nikki Beach pool and I'm sure it would have been nice to be outside if temperatures were warmer.  The food quality at the buffet was good. Fresh fruit, fish, even the eggs were good.  The potatoes resembled sausage and since I don't eat red meat or pork, I had to confirm it wasn't, in fact, sausage. The orange juice was tasty but the glasses were extremely tiny. The water even tasted good  I enjoyed the food a lot.  The major drawback was that no one was my waiter. I think this was uncommon. I had to go to the bar to check out and the bartender was surprised no one was servicing me.  If it wasn't for this I would have gave 4 stars, or maybe even five.  The buffet cost $20 so if you're hungry, it's worth it. Tip: Apparently if you make a reservation through Travelocity or other services you get coupons.  Probably worth it.  I didn't know about this until I paid.
2	I visited Cafe Nikki in March of 2011 and was less than impressed. My friends and I were staying at the Tropicana and wanted to do an nice dinner. I thought we were going to do Biscayne but my friends wanted to check out Cafe Nikki instead. I got the Grilled Mahi Mahi, which was over cooked for my taste. One of my friends ordered the Salmon and experienced the same thing. My Mahi was served with rice pilaf, but it was more just plain white rice.Service was rather slow and unsatisfactory. We had five people in our group and we all ordered wine. Two whites, three reds and our server mixed up the wines. I was fine because I ordered a white and both whites were the Kim Crawford Sauv Blanc. However my three other friends were left to figure out which was the Pinot, the Merlot, and the Cab. Also, one of my friends ordered a burger and had to ask three different people for ketchup until the manager finally brought it over. All in all, I would say that Cafe Nikki has potential but lacks execution. With so many dinning options on the Las Vegas strip there's just not enough here to make it worth a visit.
1	Service here was turtle slow. Krista forgot our calamari, never refilled our drinks, and my quesadilla was just BLAH. My fiance got a grilled chicken sandwich and it was AIGHT. I was super hungry when we got our food so i was very disappointed that it didn't taste good. C'mon! What doesn't taste good when you're famished? I really think Krista was just dumb as a doorknob or something because after we told her our concerns she had the nerve to ask if we wanted dessert. Trick please! Then, when my fiance asked for a box for his leftover food the simpleton came back empty-handed. When we asked her about his box she said she hadn't heard him! GTFOH you didn't hear our appetizer order either. I will say that the managers seemed to genuinely want to fix the problem. We didn't want anything remade or anything like that but they already had another chicken sandwich being put together and they also gave us a slice of chocolate cake for free. It really makes me feel bad that I ended up hating this place but I was just too through with them. I didn't even want the food they ended up giving us but my fiance said it'd be rude not to accept it when they were trying to make us happy. I GUESS. I wouldn't be surprised if they spit in it or something. Oh and the kicker, my fiance threw up that night. I can't even make this shit up. LOLThis is what we get for not going to Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay. SMH
5	I only have two things to say: Prime rib & brie omelet, and Dulce de leche muffin top french toast. I don't know where the negative reviews are coming from, but this place is awesome. It's very sexy, 24 hours, drinks are great (very good mojitos) and the food is fantastic. We had no issues with service last time we were there, and I'll tell you what, when you're on the last flight out from New York and landing in Las Vegas at 11pm, this place is a Godsend. The whole transformation of the Tropicana Hotel & Casino is absolutely stunning, and Cafe Nikki is the icing on the cake.I'm a fan indeed.
