3	May 2013 flavors had original, banana, cookies & cream, watermelon, cake, peanut butter, and others. It was very clean and organized. I believe it was 42 cents/oz. Basically you're gonna spend $5 each. Some of the flavors just had a weird, fake taste. My hubby and I recommend the original flavor with blueberries and cheesecake bites! Yum!
5	I love Sweet Frog!  We have been here twice, the latest venture this weekend.  It was a nice Sunday afternoon so we decided to have a nice walk to the store.My sister talked about red velvet yogurt in the DC area, and I have been waiting for a yogurt shop to carry this.  I finally found it at Sweet Frog! It was fabulous!  I also tried samples of some others they had, including cotton candy and french toast (yummy!).  I paired my red velvet with cupcake yogurt and topped it with cheesecake bites.  It was awesome!  I just wish they had cheesecake yogurt at the time as it is one of my favorites (they had it the last time I was there).Make sure you get one of their cards for them to stamp each time you are there for a free yogurt!
2	Unfortunately this was the least friendly and happy sweet frog I've been to. My sister and I were at the spa above and decided to get yogurt. We waited until they opened along with another woman and her daughter.  The girl who opened the store didn't greet us even though we all greeted her. She just didn't seem like she wanted to be there. Everyone's entitled to a bad day and maybe she was having one but I'll stick to the one in Hickory!
4	This place is near my house and I've been here a handful of times now. Initially I was impressed with the number of toppings always available and that keeps me coming back. I'm a chocolate and candy bar kinda girl so those are my favorites, but I appreciate them having fruit and more unusual choices like Fruity Pebbles, Lucky Charms, animal crackers and more to choose from! Also the yogurt is a nice consistency and not watery/icy/bland like some froyo I've tasted. I think this will be my new regular spot.
5	Very pleasant store. Clean and comfortable. Wide assortment of yogurt and plenty of toppings. Pleasant employees. Always has a No Sugar Added option or two for the diabetics. Really enjoyed the music.
