5	Brilliant top notch variety entertainment.  The wholesome duo are at the top of their game!!!I really didn't know what to expect.  My sister really liked them when I was five and I think I must have seen their television show more than a few times when I was that age.  But those memories are kind of hazy and my memories of syndicated Carol Burnett shows seem to confound them more than a little.  I really hadn't kept too much track of their careers except for the peripheral reference to a few Broadway shows they had been in IE Donny's Technicolor dream coat and Marie's several productions.  I confess I really hadn't even seen Marie on dancing with the stars.  I had no idea what was in store for me.  They just struck me as the perfect show to see in Vegas and I found myself begging a friend to come meet me when I was in Vegas this week and see them.I got seats in the golden circle area.  I think you would be happy with any seat in the orchestra level.  I don't  think the balcony seats would have been that great.  The venue is small, but just big enough for their stage show.  I ordered an I'm a Little bit Rock N Roll (kettle one with red bull and cranberry) looked around and noticed how we were by far the youngest couple in the place and sat back and waited for the show to start.We were blown away.  Not only did the show include all the funny banter and classic numbers that you would expect from them, you got treated to a great floor show as well as some things you would not expect.  Marie performs an operatic piece that actually made me cry.  She has an amazing voice and range.  I really had no idea that she had this kind of range.  She says she dreams of performing at the met one day.  I can definitely see it happening.  Marie is not only at the top of her game vocally.  She is in amazing shape and is more beautiful now than I ever remember.  Donny is looking good too.  He did an amazing tribute to Stevie Wonder as they showed a video of Stevie on their old talk show.  He also sung a beautiful Christmas song (the one about the soldier with the medals) that was so well done that it made me kinda teary too.They close the show with picture after picture of them performing and meeting with just about every major Hollywood and TV legend of the past forty or fifty years.   These two truly are an American success story and have been a fixture of the popular culture's landscape for quite some time.  It was wonderful rediscovering them again in a place that is famous for it.PS.  They just extended their contract with the Flamingo for another two years so you still have a chance to rediscover or discover them for the first time!!PSS.  Don't arrive too late or you will miss your chance to have your photo taken and it signed by Donny and Marie.  These signed photos are available as you exit the performance.
3	Wow, I can't believe no one has reviewed this show yet!  I get free show tickets from Harrah's sometimes.  Most times the tickets were for shows on weekdays and we just couldn't go or they were shows that I couldn't pay my fiance to even go see (Cher and Celine Dion) or I didn't care to, either (Elton John, Linoel Richie, Tony Broxton).  But when I saw Donny and Marie, I asked my fiance if he would mind going.  To my surprise, he said 'Sure, why not?'  I guess because we both grew up watching Donny and Marie on TV, so it brought back some memories.  Anyway, the show is very much like the TV show if you've ever watched it.  Most of the audience were our age (no, I'm not going to tell you how old, but you can guess we're about as old as D & M).  They started out as duo, then Marie took over and sang solo for awhile, then switched to Donny for his solo.  They then joined again toward the end as duo again.  I must admit I enjoyed Donny's solo more than Marie's.  What can I say, I just think he is a better dancer and singer.  Just like the TV show, Marie did quite a bit of teasing at Donny.  It was cute and funny.  Although I thought the show was just OK, I did enjoy it.  They got a standing ovation at the end and it was quite touching.  If you're a fan, you will enjoy the show.
4	What a fun evening this was... So yes, I grew up watching Donny & Marie and they are still as fun as they were back in the 70s. Though I do have to say Donny is more of a performer and crowd pleaser and teaser than Marie. Donny walked across the tables and the women just loved getting so close to to their star! Now, Marie on the other hand had her high high high shoes and barely moved and did not really play to the audience. This is a show you must see just like seeing Wayne Newton, there are certain classics that you have to see once in life, another is Elton John! Anyway, fun fun fun and a great venue-the theater is so old and eclectic and just added to the show. A must see for sure and so fun to sing along:)
4	Another review that slipped through the cracks. I saw Donny and Marie a couple of years ago. Honestly, I had no expectations of enjoying this show. I'm not a D&M fan, but my cousin had an extra free ticket, so I went along. I was pleasantly surprised. In fact, I enjoyed their show quite a bit. It was engaging and entertaining from start to finish. Donny and Marie really are amazing performers. Their charisma and chemistry make for a great show and an excellent night out.
5	I never grew up with Donny and Marie Shows so when my family decided to watch them, I was just like, blah... OK.  It's free, why not?  But did my attitude change when I started watching it.  I can't believe how talented and funny and entertaining these two were.  I didn't know two siblings could actually make an act and make it so good.To be more descriptive from start to finish laughter is what's in store.  The routine of their dances to the punchlines they have is just classic.  Not once will you feel the need to get up and take a break.  I found their act to be worth every penny spent.I'm so sorry Donny and Marie for being so Blah and whatever before I got to your show.  You guys are super dooper great!
5	This was a GREAT show. I see a lot of shows and I really loved Donny and Marie. It really made my whole vacation. I didn't grow up with Donny and Marie but I'm now big fans. It was a fun high energy evening. I CAN HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS SHOW TO EVERYONE! I don't yelp many things but I felt compelled to do this review after the amazing performance.
5	Okay, I admit it, I am a closet Donny Osmond fan.  I loved him (and Michael Jackson) way back in the day. When he and Marie had the variety show in the late 70s, our family were huge fans back in the San Francisco Bay Area.  When we moved to Utah many years later I secretly hoped for Osmondlike neighbors! Gotta love a big, happy, fun, musical family!  So wholesome and so seventies... They are just as fun to watch many decades later.  The show is much like watching their old variety show (sans the guest stars and skits).  I think Marie's voice has gotten even better with age.  Donny is the consummate showman, and there were more than a few middle aged ladies swooning over him.  They still have great sibling chemistry and harmony...Their smiles still dazzle, it was a fun evening;  for a few short hours I was thirteen again...Thank you Donny and Marie!
5	Loved their show as a kid but didn't become a Donny fan until I saw this show. Now I can't get enough! Singing and dancing and jokes are great. Truly talented beyond what you thought you knew about these two. She sings opera for one song. He is so handsome and just a great guy. Worth every penny and I recommend this show for all ages over anything else. Blue Man would be my 2nd choice.
5	I was not a Donny and Marie fan and had no desire to see the show, especially for $125+ a ticket.  But my wife wanted to go, so we went. The show turned out to be well worth it, at least my wife loved it and I thought it was pretty entertaining.  It is a mix of pretty amazing dancing, singing, and  clips from their old acts, plus a lot of tear-jerker moments when they start talking about their personal lives.  Also plenty of cheesy jokes.  In our early 30s, we were the youngest couple around, but still enjoyed the show.  My wife is now a fan where she was not really one before.Back to the dancing and singing -- I don't know how they can do those kind of moves and sing at the level they are performing every night.  Very amazing.  I guess they could be lipsyncing, but they can't lip sync dance moves.  My wife also kept going on and on about how amazing Marie's outfits looked, etc. Careful when choosing your seats.  Some of the seats are in semi-circle booths and other seats are at 6-chair tables with the end of the table facing the stage.  This means that most people are sitting sideways to the stage so you have to turn your body/neck throughout the whole show.  There are big video screens so you can see what is going on no matter what direction you are facing, but if you want to watch the live stage get a seat that is facing the direction of the stage.
5	Okay, so this may indicate my age, but I grew up watching the Donnie and Marie Show. Feeling nostalgic, and hearing good reviews, I decided to buy tickets. I paid for the seat upgrade and glad I did because we got our own booth, which was nice! The show was very entertaining, and Donny and Marie both still have great voices. We left feeling that we got more than we paid for.
5	Made the trip to Vegas just to see this show.  IT WAS EVERYTHING I EXPECTED IT TO BE AND THEN SOME!!!  My husband took me to Vegas as a gift for obtaining my Masters Degree & I said the only show I wanted to see was this one.  He balked & said he didn't want to go, but eventually I wore him down & we went, with him dragging his feet the whole way.  He enjoyed it MORE than I did!!!  He didn't know any of their songs, but it wasn't long before he was tapping his foot  to the music & laughing out loud at the comedy.  We met Donny after the show & when he found out my husband is a Senior Master Sergeant in the Air Force, he personally thanked him for his service to our country!  This man is a CLASS ACT!!  We're going to Vegas this spring & the first thing my husband said is, "We're going to see Donny and Marie again, right?"
4	Great show!This was our must-see show while in Vegas.  I'm a fan of them both & I enjoy seeing Donny & Marie on TV whenever they make an appearance. I made sure to follow their progress during their respective seasons of "Dancing with the Stars" and was exuberant when Donny took home the trophy. Using Tix4Tonight, tickets only cost $74 & change, which is 50% off regular price.  Saving cash money, bay-bee!Seating - Our seating was at a table perpendicular to the stage with 3 chairs on each side.  I positioned my chair towards the stage so I wouldn't strain my neck by keeping my head turned to the left.  The seats behind us were semi-circle booths, the type you'd find at diners and burger joints.  The theatre only holds 500-700 people, so it was very intimate and everyone had a good view of the stage.  A little cramp in between seats, but not intolerable.  It's the only reason why I'm not giving the show 5 stars.Show - Amazing!  I didn't know Marie had those pipes on her.  For one performance, she dedicated a song to her son, Michael, who tragically committed suicide a few years ago.  The song was "Pie Jesu" and I became misty eyed as I thought of her & her beloved son.  I defy anyone not to feel something in your heart when she performs this song.    Donny is a cardiofreak!  He kept up with his background dancers whom probably are more than half his age.  I know he won "Dancing with the Stars" and all, but c'mon!  He's a definite showman and has tons of charisma.  I can see why he was the Justin Bieber of the 70's.    In between sets, Donny & Marie would exchange witty banter, often times at the expense of the other.  They are, after all, brother & sister.  Quite a few times, they both went into the crowd to shake hands.  Marie even kissed quite a few men on their foreheads, leaving a lipstick souvenir.  She'd apply more lipstick and find another guy to plant another one on.  Unfortunately, I was too far for her to get to me :( .    Besides the lighting, there were smoke machines, confetti and giant screens to really make a memorable & fun experience.    This is a tremendous show, IMHO.  I don't know if I'd enjoy it as much if I payed full price, but by using Tix4Tonight  and saving 50%, I definitely think this is a can't miss show when in Vegas.  Highly recommend!  Excelsior!
3	The show was fantastic, no wonder my friends and I are such fans of Donny and Marie.  They put on a very entertaining show!!!.The reason I gave the show only 3 stars is because of the service we received in the theater.  The cocktail waitress was the rudest waitress I have ever seen.  The photographer was also rude and nasty.  We asked very nicely to the house manager if Donny and Marie could mention our friend's BIG birthday.  We got a lecture about that would be impossible.  OK, I understand that, but to be rude after we spent $400.00!!  REALLY.  This was our big expense on our yearly vacation, and unfortunately the employees took a lot of the joy away.
5	What a great show!   I loved every minute of it and it was so entertaining and upbeat.  Donny & Marie are all grown up now.  My bf brought me to see this against his wishes but he ended up liking it as most men do after being dragged in by their dates.Marie sang opera!  I have to say this was my very favorite part of the show.  She has an amazing operatic voice and her performance took my breath away.  She looks great and even Dale says she looks like a mannequin.Donny was great too.  He's charming and handsome.  I loved the way they showed old footage to add to some of the songs.  I could take a way a star but don't want to because the seating sucked.  We paid a lot of money for our tickets and sat in a booth meant for petite people which we are not.  I dont' think a lot of people liked their seats because most everyone looked uncomfortable being sideways and having to stretch necks to see the stage.  Other than that, it was a fun night I'm glad I got to see that particular show.  Go and see them, they're not as bubble gum anymore!
5	I do not own one recording of Donnie or Marie.  I know some songs from the radio.  Had a vague recollection of them being on Dancing with the Stars.  Knew them better as The Osmonds on Andy Williams show.  So how did I wind up here?  Simple my boss and his wife wanted to go.  That pretty much makes me going.  Now it sounded forced that I attended and in a small way it was.  But I kept thinking you know they have been around one heck of a long time so they must be doing something right.Donnie has so much personality and shows a love of the audience and returns their love with many acts and signs to them.  Marie is way more shy.  At first I thought oh boy she is going to get overwhelmed my Donnie's big presence.  What Marie had was a voice.  She sang country, rock and opera.  God gave her a voice and she used it with great gusto.They sang they danced they pleased the crowd and just as important they made me happy.  And we all know it is always about me.  LOL!!
5	best show in vegas!!!! enough said!
5	At the risk of trashing all my hard-earned cynic cred...I'm here to tell you: DONNY & MARIE ARE BETTER THAN PROZAC!!I came to this show last-minute, against my will. I fully expected to fall asleep and/or vomit, and was preparing some sort of drinking game to play with my date, just to pass the time until it was finally over. I am a notoriously hard-to-please member of the liberal elite, after all!So the lights go down, the colored strobes start flashing, the cheesy music starts, and the campy dancers come out... and then Donny & Marie emerge, smiling in that annoyingly wholesome way that somehow shows off every single one of their veneered teeth, singing an uber-schlocky rendition of "It Takes Two." Donny looks like a wizened Justin Bieber, and Marie like a glittering sausage with sky-high hair and a trout pout that would make even Meg Ryan stand back. But before I could even complete a single eye-roll -- SHOCKER!!! They won me over!!I still don't get it. One minute, I'm sitting there cynical and miserable, anxiously scanning the crowd for the cocktail waitress. The next, I'm grinning ear-to-ear, clapping along with all the old fogeys in the crowd, and shrieking like an idiot. WTF!?!?!I never in a million years thought I would enjoy a retrospective of Donny Osmond hits...but it was fabulous. The old Andy Williams footage and the campy, self-deprecating version of "Puppy Love" are great, but even more fun are the UBER-CHEESY modern-day songs. It's like D&M know EXACTLY how cheesy they are...and they revel in it with irresistible gusto!!  My favorite part was this weird fucking song called "Crazy Horses" that was apparently some misguided hard-rock number the Osmonds recorded back in the day. I had never heard of it...but it was FAR OUT! Wailing guitars, thrashing dancers, and the squealing whinnies of ghostly horses...what's not to like?!?! My mind was blown!All the songs are great, though. What really struck me was how enthusiastic Donny & Marie are throughout -- I've seen quite a few shows where the headliner is clearly phoning it in, but this was not the case here. Everyone onstage, from the corny dancers to the band to D&M themselves is apparently having the times of their lives! The ONLY downside (and I truly mean ONLY downside) is that the drink service is reeeeally slow in this theater. Apparently they're not used to boozers in there (the crowd looks to be mostly old Mormon types), so flagging down a waitress can be a bitch, especially if you're sitting in the back. My advice is to do what I did, and be nice to the ushers -- we ended up getting moved front and center, to the best booth in the house, and the waitress up there served us right away. But if that fails, you could always smuggle in a flask. Anyhoo, all I can really say is that every show in Vegas is cheesy and tacky at heart... might as well go to a show that ADMITS it's cheesy and tacky! And that REVELS in it! It's a refreshingly unpretentious good time. A drinking game or the use of other mind-altering substances might make it even more fun...but even without either, I was thoroughly entertained...and didn't want it to end (!!).BUT SSHHHHH!!!! DON'T TELL ANYONE!
5	One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas. Very nostalgic for me. The show was energetic, funny...and who knew Marie had that kind of range?  Highly recommend.
5	Donny & Marie still has the IT factor.  Just a amazing show!  If you are in Vegas go watch there show.  Worth the money.
5	I had to be the ONLY girl in my school who didn't have a crush on Donny in the 70's.  That said, I did watch their variety show because I loved to see the makeup and fashion of Marie and try to copy it!  LOL Their variety show was so great!  I also watched their talk show a few years ago and I really enjoyed it.  The interaction between Donny and Marie has always been so terrific.  Through the years, I have come to RESPECT this family so much because of their values, their talent, and their hard work ethic.  Marie also has an AMAZING new talk show out called, MARIE. I had been meaning to see this Vegas show for several years.  This year, I was able to obtain seats right next to the stage and it was amazing.  I have to say that if you think that this show is just for the bubblegum crowd who were in love with Donny, you will be so wrong!  This show absolutely ROCKS!  It was voted the #1 Show in Vegas and it delivers in every way!  It is upbeat and professional and over before you know it.I was seated so close to the stage that I could have literally touched Marie's dress from The King and I.  ALL of her costumes were absolutely gorgeous and I was so surprised to discover that her daughter Rachel designed her wardrobe - which were some of THE BEST designs I've seen.  Ever.  Marie STILL looks stunningly beautiful.  She is doing a great job of keeping the weight off and is an inspiration to us all.  I was so amazed at Marie's voice!!  She has such a range and her talent shows through in every way in her performance.  And what can I say about Donny?  He is definitely mischievous!  He pretended to shake my hand and withdrew it about three times.  As I was right next to the stage, I grabbed his ankle and teased him right back.  LOL Actually, he is surprisingly normal considering that he was a teen heartthrob.  It is even more surprising that his marriage has endured and that he is devoted to his family.  Moreover, the manner in which he treats stars like Susan Boyle and all the older women who gush over him - you have to truly respect and admire him.  One of my favorite roles of Donny is that he sang the male lead role of Shang in MULAN and he was so great in it!  That is my favorite animated film EVER!!!  Not that many people are aware of his role in this film and I really wish they would include it in their show.  I think the Asian population would especially appreciate this.One suggestion that I have is that they need to have a small store of Donny and Marie items near the theatre like Celine's.  They have only a few items at the entrance.  In the main store in the very back, they carry Marie's dolls - but they could sell so many more items if the marketing was better.  A friend of ours was CRAZY about Donny as a teen and I promised to bring her back a souvenir.  It was harder than I would have imagined.Life can be challenging and I have to say that I am glad that there are performers like Donny and Marie in this world to remind us that we can choose to be kind to one another. I'm thrilled that Vegas has embraced them because their genuine affection toward their fans shines through.  They deserve every good thing that happens to them.  Their show has my highest recommendation!!!  I will definitely get tickets again for my next trip to Vegas!
5	So my sister and I dragged my good natured husband to the Donny and Marie show at the Flamingo on a recent visit to Las Vegas.  I will admit to also having a little crush on Donny during my younger years...okay maybe my older years too.  We were seated on the floor at a booth 2 people we did not know. Booth was a tight squeeze and the leg room was little to none.  The showroom did get a little warm which was something that is a problem for the menopause crowd which even Marie put herself in.  Other than that, the show was wonderful. Started on time. Loved the singing. Marie's voice is amazing. What range.  Donny still wows a crowd.  I know they are entertainers but I have seen ones that don't seem to like their job. Donny and Marie seems to enjoy their job and each other. Hardest part of the night was keeping my sister from throwing her panties at Donny.  Show was a delight. Only downside was dear husband tweeted as per the preshow slide show to go to the meet and greet afterwords and because he turned his phone down we did not realize that we were invited to the Meet and greet until well after the show....Darn!!!  That would have completed a teen age bucket list item.
5	My wife and I got free tickets for Donny & Marrie.  We were by far the youngest people in the crowd, and the few that probably didn't know a single song that was performed.  Donny was also a no show, so we got a total Marrie show.  She is an exceptional performer and amazing live. The show is definitely geared to an older audience, but was definitely entertaining and fun to experience.
5	I wanted something special for my 400th review (and yes, I realize that's a monumental event for only one), but I take my yelping pretty seriously.     Literally all my life I've wanted to see these folks perform live.  I've admired them, appreciated them, read their books and felt their pain and achievements.  There was no way their show could live up to my expectations.  No way.  I mean,  I was supposed to marry Donny, and Marie should be my sister!  That being said, I'm not totally cheap where tickets are concerned, but I do work in an industry where I'm used to seeing a lot of shows for free, and this was not going to be one of them.  Not only was I going to pay, but it was a lot of money for two!  so, when I saw a sale crop up, I jumped on it and still paid what I consider a lot for a show.  That being said, may I say, this ranks up there in my top few shows of my life?  (And I've seen a LOT).  It was worth twice as much as the (to me) lots I paid.  We were in the audience for what Donny expressed as the first show since he ditched his cane after an injury.  He was indeed cane-free, and my oh my they both have aged well, ya know?    What I loved most about this show was that they didn't just do what we can play on our cd players.  They did things that (to my knowledge) aren't all recorded.   I confess to weeping my way through "I Who Have Nothing", and "This is the Moment".  I was enthralled, amazed, in wonder through the entire show.  Both Donny and Marie are so talented, and their show is well-paced, entertaining, funny, loving, delightful.   Even Husband had to admit that it was a great show (although he could stop talking about what great shape Marie is in quite so much!)   I will never ever forget the magic of that night.
5	My husband and I saw Donny & Marie 2-13-14 and have to say that it's the best show we've ever seen in Las Vegas. We live here and get to go to a lot of shows. Both of them are such great singers/performers and they are backed up by a great band and dancers. They sing a variety of music and we loved every bit of it. We sat on the front row on the far left side of the stage. It was great fun to be so close to them. They seem to be thoroughly enjoying performing and it shows!  If you can see only one show in Las Vegas, this is the one!
5	This was a show that Sarah has always wanted to see. We booked for Wednesday night.As I picked up our tickets I was informed Donny was sick and would not be there. His nephew was replacing. We were given the chance to rebook, but choose to go ahead.What a treat, we gad a great time and David was very good. I think Marie had more of the show, but was fine with me. A very entertaining family friendly show.If you get a chance to go, go.
5	Donny and Marie were amazing. I was so excited to get the chance to see them and they didn't disappoint! They are both so cute, funny and so very talented. I grew up watching and listening to them and this brought back so many memories. They have the same funny show that we saw on their TV show - too cute. And, Marie is amazing with singing opera - just Wow!! And, Donny of course, handsome and cute as ever! I never wanted the show to end. It was nice that they showed Andy Williams and the other performers that they had worked with in the 50 years they have been performing. A very must see show - top show in Vegas for 3 years now!!
5	Great show! Highly recommend to anyone considering this show or just wants a night of great entertainment.  I wasn't real familiar with Donny and Marie growing up, just slightly familiar with them, so I was watching purely from an entertainment standpoint ... and I was blown away by how much I enjoyed it.  Marie especially is an absolute AMAZING singer, I had no idea the range of her vocals.  It was a small venue, so could see them so well, very intimate and personal setting. When they both belted out songs it made you just sit there in awwwwww.  Marie even did an amazing opera number, they did some Broadway hits, country, and even did some rock and roll numbers with dancers ... so very cool and entertaining. Go Go Go - you wont be disappointed. These two really enjoy what they do and make you feel like they want to be there. They are true entertainers!
1	I have flown to Vegas twice with my mother, specifically to see this show. Both times, it has been cancelled. I know I'm getting my money back for the show, but I will not be able to get my money back for my hotel room or my flights to and from. I wish they did not cancel the day of because I would have cancelled my whole trip. Very disappointed. This was her Mother's Day present.
4	The Donny and Marie show in the Flamingo is fun fun fun with a lot of personality and variety.  For almost 90 minutes, D & M perform live on stage with their band and dancers singing some of their iconic hits and mash-ups of contemporary songs.  Along the way, both tell stories about some of their most defining moments in their 50+ year careers and share photos to help tell the stories.  They also exchange some brother-sister banter and good-natured harassment.  Both Donny and Marie look terrific, sound great, and are very personable.  Marie is gorgeous and changes dress/costumes throughout the show.  If you are lucky, you might even get a handshake or a high-five as they enter the audience and walk through the first 2 rows.  The Donny and Marie Theater is not the most elaborate or sophisticated venue and frankly, looks dated.  I am guessing that it might seat 1,000 people in "cocktail lounge" seating, which I really don't like.  If you are at a table perpendicular to the stage, your head will be turned to the left/right for the entire show.  Cocktail service was poor, with only 2 servers working the floor and my table getting attention halfway through the show.  Even though the theater is small, its size might add something to the shows charm.I was a kid when the D & M show was on TV and I remember their songs and their comedy.  From that perspective, the entire show was fun and nostalgic and others like me had a good time.  There were other guests around me who did not know D & M and did not have as much fun as the rest of us.  For example, there were some 20 year olds who only knew D & M from their appearances on Dancing With the Stars (TV show) and TV commercials.  Although this show is for everyone, you will have a much better time if you know D & M and/or are a fan.This show is definitely kid-safe and older-parent safe.  I wish the show was a little bit longer and D & M sang entire songs instead of jumping through songs.  I will come back and bring my mom next time.  D & M get 5-stars.  The venue gets 3-stars.
5	Been to Vegas many times and begged to see the show and hubby was like lets see something else. finally March 2014  I said we are going!  And guess who enjoyed the show the most.  I am a product of the 70s and was a Donny Osmond , Osmond Brothers teenie bopper fan! It was amazing!   And to my surprise Marie was unbelievable!   Such talent!
4	Saw the show "Legends in Concert" in this venue and found it to be very nice.  The set up is similar to comedy clubs where seats near the stage are theatre style, while those further back are tables & booths.  Beverages are available for purchase, but not mandatory.  The show was pretty good.  Of the 5 "legends" featured my favorite was definitely MIchael Jackson.  The dude that played him was simply magnificent.
5	Finally got to see the Donny and Marie show and was very pleased with the show. They sang a variety of songs and danced and performed for one and a half hours. Marie sang an opera song, which was a surprise to me, and it was beautiful. Enjoyed her costume changes also. Donny's singing and dancing was great. They are very entertaining. A worthwhile show to see for sure. Definitely a good family show and one that is good clean fun. Love their smiles!!
5	Ok here goes this review is for the over 50 guys who are thinking of taking your wife to this show. First and foremost let me say I'm a classic rock and country music fan for the most part. I enjoyed the show Donnie and Marie are both very good, still can really sing, perform and dance really well. The best part of the show for me was seeing a big smile on my wife's face the whole show! Marie is smoking hot and can really sing! Donnie looks pretty good for an old fart too. Actually he can really sing and is a pretty impressive dancer. Fun show to see, great small venue!
