4	I love Lolo's Chicken & Waffles just as much as the next sheep but Off Da Hook Soul Food is where its at...NOW.  There's a new place that popped up on Glendale just east of 19th Ave which is a must go.  All Soul Food...All the Time...7 days a week in fact.Get there asap..for a soul food experience you just might like more than Lolo's..Im just keeping it real because I think I rushed to this place because although Lolo's was my go-to spot, it was starting to become my have-to spot who occasionally gave me soggy waffles and fried chicken someone dropped the salt shaker in that day.Note. I did not get to try the Mac & Cheese at Off Da Hook so that Lolo's still holds my top Macaroni and Cheese spot.OKFried Chicken Wings:Moist, Crispy, Not Greasy (seriously, it was all crispy grease-free skin, weird but very pleasant), less salt-mo pepper seasoning which is what I meant by this is a whole notha chicken compared to what I am used to... but I am freakin in love with itFries:Good and with the all necessary seasoned saltCorn Bread:Bread, not a muffin, but I can live with that as long as I can slather hot sauce or honey on it I'm goodWaffle:Extra Brown, Extra Crispy, Moist on the inside, and served with a modest amount (not a half cup) of whipped butter and some thick a** syrup in that pretty little glass syrup bottle.  Best waffle Ive ever had.  I always felt something missing from all the waffles Ive done before, but now I know the lasting brown crisp was what I have been missing because something needs to stand up to syrup.  Don't anyone come after me saying their waffle was burnt because just wait till your syrup lays all over that and you will know what it is I'm talking bout.Kool-Aid:Kick you in the pants sweet, but with all that ice it all smooths outPrice:Average soul food prices$7.00 - $9.00 a plate$1.00 - $4.00 per sideGreat basket specials like 8 wings & fries for $10, or 2 wings & fries for $4 I think? Atmosphere:Typical, but lotsa people for only being a week, and it was nice to bask in a restaurant stinking with the sweet spice smell of homemade sweet potato pie.Service:Great service, waiter repeats all you ordered back to you, got my drinks to me within 5 minutes, food within 20 more minutes and totally-totally made up for the macaroni and cheese shortage.4 stars for now...I wanted to do 5 but I didn't get to try more since my tummy can only handle so much goodness on one Friday night.You will love it as an incredible change from the typical have-to spot.
4	Tonight we found our new little hole in the wall joint. Brand new at this location ( the owner has another in the camelback swapmart)  this is one sweet little find. Housed in a small restaurant that just opened in the beginning of January . Clean and neat as you enter this place ,  it seems ready to meet all your soul food needs. The menu offers such standards as fried chicken , fried catfish , ribs,  waffles and my new favorite  fried shrimp. We we first entered the service was a bit off , with many people coming in for take out and us sitting down we kind of got lost in the crowd. But soon our waiter got back to us with apologies and we were ready to start the meal.   For tonight's meal we had Catfish , cornbread , yams , fried shrimp, cabbage , beans and rice and sweet potatoe pie.   From the first taster we were happy with our choice to stop in. With tons of pepper and soul this food made us feel homestyle good. We were impressed with each item with exception to the macaroni and cheese , which  was a bit bland in comparison to bursts of flavor in everything else.  Big favorite were  the cabbage -wow what a tasty surprise great home seasoning and velvety taste. We also really liked the sweet potato pie , it was in a light crust and had a delicate flavor not overly sweeten and very smooth. The owner is a big sweetheart of a guy and offered us a taste of his new macaroni salad which tasted like dear old moms.  Yum! If you go give a call and ask if they are serving your favorite because with the great tastes they are serving they go quick!   Can't wait to go back and try the ribs!
4	I'm fi'in to be back soon.  Oh yea.It won't matter what you get it on, as long as you get the breading.  The breading.   !!    Somehow this stuff defies the laws of physics and packs more good stuff into its thin, crispy layers than should be able to fit.  !!I had a Pork Chop Sandwhich with fries for $6.50, and the chop was HEE-UGE.  You can get catfish, chicken, whatever.  Get something breaded.   (!!)  I'm sure the ribs are great, but they don't have them breaded, so forget it.  (Just kidding - I wanted ribs, but they weren't ready yet. "He won't serve them until they're tender enough," said the server, of the chef.)I also overheard a neat conversation about how they wanted to be sure to be able to advertise "GREEN", and that, among other things to that effect, all of the interior decorating -- chairs, tables, wainscotting, etc -- was recycled.   Fabulous.  Do they come breaded?
4	Fans of the Fantastic Indoor Swap Mart may recognize Off Da Hook as one of the dining options at that swap. Now, you can get your soul on without being inundated by the minor freak show that is FISM, unless you're like me and enjoy such things. Off Da Hook is appropriately named, because they have the best soul food north of downtown, hands down. The chicken and waffles combine perfectly, with crispy juicy chicken atop a wonderfully tasty waffle. The greens were wonderful, but I found the mac and cheese a little on the weak side. Nothing a little hot sauce didn't fix. As has been our experience as all soul food restaurants, the service was impeccable. Attentive, amicable and efficient. Ambiance is lacking, but who has time to look around the room once you get this food? The prices did seem a tad high, but if you want great food and service, it's just what you have to do. Solid.
4	Andre, the owner of Off Da Hook Soul Food Restaurant, is a true foodie. When he noticed that the fried chicken breast on my plate might be a little dry, he cooked up a new one for me. His goal is to serve the same quality food in his restaurant that he'd want to eat at home. He can invite me there anytime.     We each ordered a plate: smothered pork chops ($10.50) for Ken and fried chicken ($9.50) for me. Each came with two sides, so we opted for mac and cheese, cabbage, greens, and yams (all the sides are $4 if ordered a la carte), and corn bread. Since it was busy, Andre gave us some corn bread to "keep us busy". It was burn-the-fingers hot. Whether it got that way in the microwave I don't know, because it was so buttery-sweet-good it got eaten before it could change texture. The chicken was delicious, with a light peppery crust and moist meat. The two pork chops on Ken's plate were huge, and to use Ken's word, "astounding". They had also been breaded and fried, but they remained succulent. All the sides were outstanding, to a great extent because they're not loaded with salt. The cabbage was nice and sweet, and the mac and cheese gooey and rich (although I have to say that Bobby Q is still has my #1). The yams were fabulous - in a nice, lightly spiced syrup, they could have been dessert. Since the portions are more than generous, we took home a piece of sweet potato pie ($3). I'm glad that we hadn't tried it at the end of our meal as it was disappointing. The filling was one-dimensional and the crust unpleasant. Hopefully the peach cobbler or red velvet cake are better.      There are lots more things on the menu I'd like to try. I'm not sure Ken will ever be able to get beyond the pork chops. Ribs, meatloaf, fried shrimp, and oxtails. Some of Andre's family is from Louisiana, so there's gumbo and red beans and rice. Catfish and red snapper. You can even get baked chicken - but why would you?     The restaurant is small, with an active take-out business. It's clean, tables get bussed quickly, and everybody is friendly. In fact, we spent a pleasant half hour talking food with Andre. There's another location at the swap meet at 5115 N. 27th Ave.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. I am going to California next weekend and was told to try Roscoes Chicken and Waffles. That sounded like a good idea to me and I thought I should try a chicken and waffles place here in Phoenix and compare. Well, I found Off Da Hook and thought it sounded pretty good so off I went.    Sadly I will never know if this place is good or not. When I walked in, the place was pretty full with a few people sitting on the little couch in front of the area where you pay. I stood for a second then asked the people on the couch if they had ordered already. This is when then wheels came off. The guy sitting on the couch was rude when he told me they had already ordered. I thought I would wait a sec for the guy standing at the register to finish before I went up to place my to go order. When he left I walked up and waited for the person to come back and take my order. As I stood there I looked around the place and saw a very large employee looking at me. After a minute or so he walked over to me and said, "why dont you have a seat and someone will take your order." I said no problem and mentioned it was a to go order. He looked at me and very rudely said, "yah thats fine just sit down and we will be with you in a minute." I then sat down and the asshole stepped behind me about a foot and started talking to the people sitting on the couch. He sat there and very loudly started insulting me. Telling the people on the couch how stupid I was for standing in front of the register to place a to go order. He was no more than a foot away from me while he was doing this. This is nothing but disgusting behavior. No way in hell am I every going to let anyone to treat me in this manor. I stood up and walked out. This guy is a pig and nothing but. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE FOR ANYTHING OR ANY REASON. On the way to this dump I drove by Chik-a-rib just down the street so I went there instead. The people there were incredibly nice and bent over backwards to help me while I was there. I ordered the chicken and waffles with onion rings and mac n cheese. THERE FOOD WAS FANTASTIC!!! If you want chicken this is the place to go. Not where the rude assholes work.
4	So once again I didnt go grocery shopping....I think all of my reviews are starting to sound like this. The Hubs and I remembered that we have driven by this place many times, but had never stopped in. We are big fans of Lo Lo's so Off Da Hook was really being scrutinized by us. We both ordered the fried Chicken. The order comes with 2 sides each, I got the greens and yams, Hubs got mac and cheese and potato salad. It also comes with corn breadThe chicken was AMAZING! The breading is very light and fluffy! The greens were really good, had a great flavor to them! The Yams were sooo tasty and hot as all hell! The mac and cheese was OK. I am a big mac and cheese snob though. The hubs liked it...me not so much. THe potato salad was good. I liked it though it didnt taste homemade or look homemade....it was still good none the less. The corn bread was really realllllly goodOur waiter was fast and friendly, though he never came back to check on us, and there was only one other couple in the whole place. So that didnt sit to well with me, as I love great service. All in all its a great place to grab some fried chicken! We will for sure be going back!!
4	After reading yelp reviews, and craving soul food closer than Lo Los, I decided to try Off Da Hook.  I really liked it.  It's a small place and you can see your food being prepared in the kitchen.  The fried chicken was different than what I have had, in a good way.  Really good seasonings.  I also ordered the red beans and rice and greens, and cornbread.  All of it was very tasty.  I especially loved the cornbread.  I ordered kool-aid, but it didn't taste as good as Lo Los.  The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is the service was a bit slow and I thought the menu could have been done a little better.  The man who took my order wasn't too friendly, but the two men in the kitchen who came out frequently were very nice.  The ambiance isn't great, but that's not what I went there for.  I will be back to try the cabbage (someone mentioned it in another review), the mac n cheese, and the breakfast special with chicken, waffle, grits, and eggs.
5	My first time at Off Da Hook was also my last day living in Phoenix. I came in feeling a little sad with my good friends and just wanted to eat my depression away. Of course the best way to do that is to order the all you can eat meal and stuff yourself until your eyes droop, it's only 9.99 so you kind of have to.For my first plate I got the chicken, mashed potatoes, and red beans and rice, oh and a piece of corn bread. Everything was perfect. The breading on the chicken was delicious, not greasy, and surprisingly thin. It packed so much flavor and texture into such a small amount of space that I was able to eat more than I thought. The gravy could have been drenched over the whole plate and I would have been happy and on top of the fresh and soft mashed potatoes it was divine.My friends got the pork chops and catfish which were both equally amazing. The breading was just as thin, crunchy and delicious and it kept everything warm and moist inside. Sadly they were sold out of greens, cabbage, yams, and green beans which I have heard are the best sides. So I suggest you get there early if you can cause things sell out.I've been to Lolo's and that place is really good but nowhere near as good as here. My friend mentioned to the chef that he thought the waffles at Lolo's were better and the chef took it as a challenge. He said that it was because the waffle batter wasn't 100% and that he would make us a fresh batch and see if he could change our minds. And he did. He even made us a waffle with bacon in it because we said we wanted to try one that way. It's delicious if you like bacon, which come on, who doesn't?This place has great food and the staff are incredibly friendly. They gave me hugs as I left because I was moving and we took pictures with them. They made the amazing food even better with how personable and fun they were. If you are in the mood for soul food then this place is worth a trip. No matter where in the valley you are, drive the extra fifteen minutes to get here.
4	At last, a soul food place not too far from where I live! Ryan C. was right - the pork chop is scrumptious, and the breading is fantastic: an ambrosial crispness/flavor combination. And thanks to Deb. L's review, I knew I had to order a side of cabbage, too -- and I'm glad I did; the sausage and bacon made that vegetable side really delicious. I know I'll certainly be back for more goodies, such as the chicken and waffles... though not very soon because this foodie is on a budget and they're a bit on the pricey side.
4	Cornbread, crispy fried chicken and a waffle..mmmm..mmmm!!I've friends that rage about that other place in south phoenix, and would be glad to visit, but i came across this place while doing some shopping with a friend. It's located where one of my favorite greasy spoons used to be, but sadly they closed. The place was in desperate need of a makeover, and it got it! bright and clean when I was in a couple months ago, and the owners were cheerfully at work in the kitchen. They'd been open for awhile and are not new to the phoenix restaurant scene. If you're looking for Soul Food in the north-central valley, give this place a shot!
2	Off Da Hook Soul Food is a catchy name. A small whole in the wall place with a friendly staff. They seem to do a lot of take out orders. There's not a lot of parking for dine-in patrons.I had the fried pork chops with a side of red beans and rice and cabbage for $9.50 plus tax. The skinny pork chop was definitely fried but the taste wasn't the greatest; probably the worst pork chop I have ever had. They didn't have mashed potatoes, who eats pork chops without mashed potatoes? They give you a lot for the sides. The red beans and rice were great and the cabbage was good as well. The corn bread was a little dry and not at the top of my list. They don't have a choice of diet drinks at the help yourself soda station. But it looks like they may sell canned diet drinks.
4	Right off the bat... its a little ghetto.  A hole in the wall place w/ not much charm at all.  The staff is friendly and a little slow moving, but they make up for it in other ways.  The food is amazing, reminds me of my moms cooking.  You know.... southern crap thats f'ing terrible for you.  They're way over priced for the presentation of the food and look of the restaurant.  But then again, it taste really good.  Their proportions are large and you will definitely be full afterwards.  If you're more interest in the look and feel of the restaurant, then pass on this place.  But if you enjoy soul food, this is the place for you.
4	I'm going back.  I'll get that out right off.  This was my first experience with chicken and waffles and I was NOT disappointed.  I have to agree... the service was a little slow, but when I explained it to other people, I did it like this: "If you just walked into your awesome neighbors house, and said, 'Hey, I'd like you to make me ____for dinner, and they just whipped up with a smile on their face, and you can taste the LOVE in the food...."  seriously.  Who needs ambiance when you have amazing collard greens?I don't give 2 snorts how the place is decorated or if there are mirrors in the bathroom, because honestly, I don't want to see myself stuffed to the button poppin limit like that, ha!  It was clean, the folks in the kitchen were happy to school me with my greens technique... and that cornbread....was like a warm hug at the end of the meal.  GO.
1	This review makes me sad, but yeah. So we went back for another go of this place, we love chicken and waffles. We walk in and are seated. Our server comes over and rattles off a list of about 5 or 6 things they are out of, kinda disappointing. But whatev. We find things we want to eat. The Mac and cheese tasted like it was 5 days old and had been re-heated and re-heated and re-heated more then it should have. The corn bread was very lack luster this go around. AND THEN IT HAPPENED. Something NO restaurant wants to happen. I am eating my chicken breast and half way into it, RAW chicken! I wanted to die and instantly felt sick to my stomach... The server was very apologetic and did take my meal off the tab, but dang, that was upsetting. It will be a while before the husband can convince me to give this place another chance.
5	I don't know what the negative reviewers are talking about. I just finished stuffing myself with 2 chicken legs & a waffle. It was delicious. I tried bites of my friends' catfish and porkchops, also good. The porkchops are deep fried rather than pan-fried. Everything arrived perfectly breaded, hot and fast. I love deep fried anything unless its overly breaded, the breading isn't spiced correctly or its greasy.  None of that is the case with anything we ordered. The mac n cheese was clearly homemade (the only thing we had that wasn't fried). My only disappointment was I didn't save room for the red velvet cake.
5	Super service and scrumptious food!  The greens are AMAZING!  Very friendly people.  Very clean, and I mean clean!  I went here for my birthday and one of the customers serenaded me and I got to sign the wall!  WooHoo!
4	As a west coast girl, knowing what good soul food consisited of never my forte. Then I moved to Atlanta for almost a year...driving...so i got to experience diff states in the souths sould food.  Collared greens always sounded scary to me and if you werent tuna, salmon or something i usually find on my sushi menu...you are prob a fish i havent bothered to give a chance :)well after having fried catfish with some great traditional sides while in Nashville, then again while living in ATL, i feel i can give a better opinion.Living in AZ, I was weary to even attempt to find some soul food.  But after reading some Yelp reviews, I decided Off Da Hook was worth a shot.   And thank goodness, because their catfish was amazing, collards were great and red beans and rice phenomenal.  Needless to say, i'll be back.  If you are in AZ and appreciate great soul food, then maybe ill run into you :)
4	Off Da Hook Soul Food is a solid 3 to 3.5 stars but I will upgrade them to 4 stars based on the exceptional service we received. Don't judge a book by it's cover.  The same thing holds true for places to eat and that includes this place.  They are a very small "hole in the wall" kind of dinner.  If you blink twice while driving past them you may miss them.  They are a nice alternative to the usual dinner's in Phoenix. They offer some of the basic Soul Food options with almost everything fried of course ~ pork chops, catfish, chicken.  No oxtail, rabbit, ham hocks or chitlins though.  Not that I order chitlins but it's hard to beat good rabbit and ham hocks when dinning at a Soul food place!  They offer some of the more popular Soul food types of sides such as collard greens, mac-n-cheese, yams, beans & rice, cabbage, and some others.  However they don't offer fried or cooked okra or turnips, which are Soul food staples.  Corn bread comes with your meal and they offer Kool Aide in addition to soda and tea.I had the fried Pork Chops with sides of mac-n-cheese and red beads in rice.  The breading on the Pork Chop was DELISH! It had a lot of crunch, with an excellent balance of seasoning that was "finger licking good".  The sides were ok, nothing special but good.  I wanted their Collard Greens, but they weren't ready which was unfortunate ~ maybe next time. We also had their fried chicken and waffles.  WOWsers!  The fried chicken had the same or similar breading as did the Pork Chop.  The chicken was fried to almost  perfection and their Waffle had an great taste that wasn't too heavy and complimented the fried chicken very well.  Look out LoLo's!!  This place is just as good if not better!
1	Food was ok they didn't bring out my friends meal about 15 minutes after mine it wasn't hot. Highlights greens although don't add salt. Waffle tasted like a piece of fish had been dropped in the batter but that was only one bite. Overall I'll be looking for a different place next time I eat in the area.
3	Not bad...Taste like what I make at home...It looks like a hole in the wall joint but the server was very friendly.
5	If ya'll don't keep this place nice and busy and it shuts down, I'm going to go ballistic.  With service as sweet as can be and hefty portions of what I call "down home goodness" it doesn't get much better than this.  It's what you'd make at home but don't because it takes too long, because you're cooking for one, because it's almost cheaper to eat here - I can't say enough good things about it.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  If I lived closer I'd be in big trouble.
1	PATHETIC!! I showed up at opening and was told "We don't have waffle mix, should be here some time soon." It took 45 minutes for us to get our food and they were asking us what our order was.  Other people were getting their orders before us. Finally we get our order they FAILED to include the eggs and grits.  Pathetic service, pathetic portions, and completely over priced!
3	The food is great but they r pricey.
4	I had lunch here based on the good ratings posted on Yelp. The place is definitely a hole in the wall and the service was good and very nice. I have never had soul food and therefore can not judge it's authenticity, but I can say that the food tasted great and was prepared with love. The catfish was very tasty and flavorful, the mac-and-cheese that came with it were okay. I would go back to eat at this restaurant.
3	Well I'm a little torn about this place. When we 1st walked in we were greeted & told to have a seat, someone came over to ask what we wanted to drink. Our only options were grape cool aide or sweet tea due to their fountain drink machine being out of order. I love sweet tea but WOW I think theirs was more like drinking strait sugar water. We ordered our food with the waitress, my boyfriend ordered the pork chop dinner & wanted spaghetti and red beans with rice as his two sides. They were out of spaghetti so he got Mac n cheese instead. I ordered the smothered chicken dinner but had to change to fried chicken dinner because they didn't make any gravy that day. I wanted mashed potatoes and Mac n cheese for my sides. A few minuets after ordering the waitress came back & said they didn't have mashed potatoes either. Red beans and rice it is then. It took 30 min easy for our food to come out. We were the only people in the restaurant. If it had only been my boyfriend & I we might not have cared but we did have our kids with us and they do get a little impatient. When we did get our dinner, wow, it was hot and fresh. My fried chicken was perfectly cooked and the seasoning in the breading was delicious. The Mac n cheese was ok along with the red beans and rice. My boyfriends pork chops were delicious, breaded of course & cooked perfectly. He loved the red beans & rice but not so much the Mac n cheese. Our dinners came with corn bread which was good as well. The food here was good, I would go back. My only suggestion would be for them to maybe make a daily menu of items that have so you don't sit & read a menu, decide on something only to be told over & over they don't have it that day. They really are hurting themselves there. Another couple came in before we left & wanted corn or green beans with their dinner and was then told all they have for veggie's that day were greens. The food was good but lack of options & not being informed of what you could or couldn't order until you tried to order it was a little annoying. Oh, I almost forget. The waitress / hostess girl was a little rude & was walking around texting & talking on her cell phone. A man kept asking her to put it away & she just ignored him. It didn't look very good.
3	This place was not bad at all. But i have a few complaints, soo i will continue this yelp....Service was good, seated immediately. The server was very friendly and always had a smile. BUT we waited after ordering about 45 mins to 1 hour for our food. (at least we know its made to order). We only ordered the big chicken and waffles breakfast combo and a thigh and waffles on the side. So not a big order for that long of a time. The cook knows what he is doing, and the food came out great.Unfortunately since i am yelping my experience, they didn't seem familiar with their menu and forgot my eggs :( , but when i mentioned it they were more than happy to get that out :) which is a plus. I really was bouncing between 3 and four stars, but it landed at a 3 after further deliberation here is what it came down to:-The waffle and chicken were skimpy for the price (on the combo), i have had some really good CnW. -Wait time for food was too long-Price was too high for not getting a lot, I would recommend getting a thigh and waffle a la carte instead. a lot more meat
4	The yams are going to make me come back again and again. The fried chicken is really good as well. A little surprised that I couldn't find an on line menu but ordering over the phone was easy enough. Our portions were pretty descent sized but could have been a little larger compared to other soul food restaurants we have tried. We'll go back but I'll fore go the somewhat tasteless mac and cheese next time and try another side.
1	very small and dirty looking and nearly no parking.  as we were in the mood for soul food and lolo's was closed, we read reviews for this place and decided to give it a shot. we called ahead, as we are 30 minutes away, the young lady on the phone told us that they would be open until 10pm. great we thought. we showed up around 645 pm and there was nobody but a gentleman at the register, chatting it up and belly laughing as we stood there awkwardly not being acknowledged. we decided to seat ourselves, we sat nearly 5 before the gentleman motioned that the menus were up where he was, still on the phone mind you. we sat and looked over the menus, still not having been greeted by anyone. 10 minutes or so later, a young woman comes out from the back and rudely states that we must leave. we asked, why? her response was they were closing in a couple minutes, and if we wanted to order we could only choose from their two specials. we mentioned that we spoke to a young woman over the phone and she had stated that they would remain open until 10pm. she replied no, nobody said that. we are certain it was her to which we spoke, as we even double checked the phone number dialed against the one on their flyers that were at the register. sorry can't review the food, may have been great but their hospitality was not. this horrible experience didn't ruin the night as we had great bbq at famous daves instead.
4	I think they are closed. Phone's been disconnected for months. Very sad, loved eating here.
4	So, I was hungry, and I didn't want to cook. I felt like I needed some Chicken and waffles, so I came here today for some lunch.  It's a small little place, pretty simple inside with a great menu of chicken, waffles, kool aid and a variety of other menu items that are tasty.Staff here was friendly and awesome and I had a really good time. I went with the Chicken and Waffle Combo for $10 and it was tasty! The girl who waited on me was awesome and even had a mohawk.  I'm happy, full and ready for a nap. I will be back!
5	One of the best things I've ever tasted! I got the Town Bizziness Chicken. It's supposed to be a chicken ranch sandwich on the lunch menu, but I got it without the bread. It was unbelievable. The chicken was cooked perfectly - so moist. The ranch sauce on top was REALLY yummy. The fries were excellent. Ate there for lunch today and I want to go back already. They have several sides I want to try too. My son got the chicken fingers - delicious!We enjoyed the friendly wait staff and the atmosphere.  I'm so glad we tried it. We'll go back soon.
4	Tried this place a couple of weeks ago on a Sunday.  The food was great but there are a few things that could be corrected.The menus (there is one on the wall and one at the register) they are not clear with everything that they serve. When I asked if they made orkra because it was not on the menu she informed me that they actually do sell it but not at that moment because it was all out, wasn't even on the menu. The cook behind the see through wall almost created a fire in the kitchen by making a silly mistake. The mac and cheese was a little dry.The owner was there and was VERY nice and considerate.  We will definetly be back.
4	In my opinion, probably one of best in town for soul food.What makes Off Da Hook different from the competition is their chicken. Very well prepared and seasoning that you can actually taste. My next visit I will try the catfish
1	This place is right around the corner, so I was excited to try it out, especially since they recently added hours for during the week.  We went in on a Tuesday at 7, only to be informed that they were trying to close down an hour early because they had a busy day.  We got the chicken and waffles with a side of Mac and cheese and two drinks.  It came out quick enough, but were disappointed with the product.  Spending $31 to have my meal packaged in styrofoam to go, was not cool especially since they were supposed to be open until 8pm.  The chicken tasted like salt and not much else.  Mac and cheese was dried out.  Waffle was limp and soggy when I got home; and I only live 1 mile away.  I most likely would not return.  The restaurant did not seem very clean and may have looked better if they paid more attention to presentation instead of just slapping labels on the plexi glass.  I love supporting local business, but this one doesn't win any awards.
4	My pork chop could have been a little meatier and seasoned a little better. My wife said the fish was outta sight. It was fast and friendly service and I am likely to come back.
3	3 Stars because they can be hit-or-miss with service and they are often out of items on their menu. With their short hours (they open at 11am and close at 7pm, why?) and standard menu, it's puzzling when they're out of multiple menu items. They're pretty friendly, in fact, we've never had a "server" who wasn't ready with a smile, but can be fairly slow at times, even when there's hardly anybody else in there. With their kitchen door open to the dining area, you can pretty much watch them cooking, so when they're goofing around and you're waiting a while for food or for your order to be taken, you can tell it's just because they're in no hurry. Not a good place to go if you are on a schedule.That being said, for the days you don't mind possibly waiting around and not getting what you came in craving, it can be a lot of fun to just experience their operation. The food has always been good. Overall, very low-key and a bit divey, but clean.
4	Kind of a weird place.  It's ran by a couple really nice dudes.  I had the 3 piece chicken meal, and the chicken was really juicy.  The fries were fried just right as well, extra crispy.  I'd like to come back and try a bunch of different things from their menu.
4	Yippie, Off Da Hook is back open! I went for my old go-to smothered pork chops, greens, and cabbage. There was a miscommunication and they didn't have cabbage ready so I had a double dose of greens. Everything was as good as I remembered, I'll be back soon. Now all we need is to get them to carry diet soda.
5	This place is off da chain!!! Love it, it's my close go to besides hauling across town to go to LoLo's. I did not think this place could compare by looking at the outside but I surely was wrong. I got the two piece dinner and before I could take pictures of my meal it was gone! Luckily, there is always tomorrow. This place is a definite must try.
1	An acquaintance of mine posted a picture of his food from here yesterday so I decided to give it a try, was REALLY excited and drove 17 mins. I get there at about 4:45 and there's an open sign on their door but the door is LOCKED. WTH! I was highly pissed off! Doubt I'll ever give them another try.
5	Fried chicken and waffles just don't get better than this place. They work hard to make their customers happy and they do a great job. All food is cooked to order, so it's hot and fresh, no lights keeping it warm. Chef talked me into having my chicken "wet" (smothered in homemade gravy), awesome! The difference between 4 and 5 stars is; is it clean, is the staff friendly. Off da Hook is spotless and the staff is great, well deserving of 5 stars.
