4	The Speedee Mart is located immediately right next door to the Embassy Suites hotel on Paradise Road.It has way more selection than the Gift Shop located inside the Embassy Suites - and is cheaper as well.All of your normal convenience store goodness is here: cold soda and beer, bottled water, snacks, coffee, toiletries, and other supplies. As well as a gas station.I noted as I walked in the front door - a sign that states: "Please remove hoods when entering store" or something like that.Las Vegas - a dangerous place!
3	A-OK is the way I'd describe this Speedee Mart.  I usually get gas at Costco, but there were none where I was going to be last night.  I stopped at this Speedee Mart.  Their price was competitive with nearby stations, and it was only a few cents more per gallon than Costco would have been.I was in and out in just under 5 minutes.  That's speedy!
5	Besides creepy people playing slots at all hours inside I only have one thing to say,"best donuts ever after 3 am!!!!!" :)
5	I own a Hookah Lounge near this location and purchase at least 100 propane tanks a months from these guys, I just wanted to say thanks for all your awesome assistance this winter with my propane tanks...  Great service...
5	I live really close to this store. I have to say, the service and the friendliness from the staff makes you forget that you are in a city where no one cares about their neighbor. At Speedee Mart, THEY DO! I come into the store about 7 to 10 times a week. I get my  milk there. They have a punch card where I earn FREE milk, and when I buy a half gallon of milk, the 2nd half gallon is just a dollar! That's a great deal! I get Soda Refills using their 64 oz Refillable insulated cup. That cup is AMAZING, even in 120 degrees heat last summer, I still had ice at the end of the day in my cup! As another Yelper posted, "they have the best donuts!" it's true! We must buy donuts 3 times a week there as well. The staff are absolutely the best part of the deal. When they see that you are busy and in a hurry, they move fast to get you out of there. If you have more time, they don't mind chatting you up and making you feel welcomed in their store. They are ALWAYS cleaning or taking care of side work. They only place that I have EVER seen that happen. AND, although we are in a shady part of the city, I feel safe walking to this store at any time of the night. Metro likes to fill up their patrol cars here, so we are often reminded of just how safe this location is when you see the patrol cars there. Yes, there is a 7-11 located 2 blocks down the street, however, their store is always dirty, homeless camp out at the doors asking for "spare change" and sleep on the sidewalk. The pumps are always full and the service isn't as great as the folks at Speedee Mart. In my opinion, it's worth going 2 more blocks to get to Speedee Mart where you feel welcomed than to save 30 seconds of driving time to possibly get accosted by homeless. Your choice! I choose Speedee Mart! EVERY TIME! (Shout out to my fav's employees Leah, Kat, Jason and Gina! Great service!)
