2	We hit this place while vacationing in Phoenix over the New Years week.First, the pizza was really good - we had a margharita pizza that was really flavorful.But it almost doesn't matter because the counter girls gave the impression that you were an annoyance to their conversation.  I showed up to pick up the pizza, and they were chatting away.  The one girl took my card and charged it, while the other girl slid my pizza to me across the counter.  No "thank you's", just back to discussion.I don't need this kind of crap, and would go to another pizza place just to avoid the counter staff.
4	I was never a huge fan anyway. Lunch here was, simple, quick and pretty good. The crust was thin yet thick and crispy. The toppings were fresh and plentyful. The sauce was a little lacking but I like sauce. The dining room was very nice, the patio looked nice, the servers were very attentive. In fact he asked 2 times if everything was good and refilled the H20 1 time. I would go back and try some pasta next time.
1	I wanted the all American "slice and a coke." I have been wanting to try Streets of New York and pulled into one for a quick lunch. It was a sit down restaurant and not a regular pizza joint. I requested the bar and the hostess sat me down and explained the menu. She was nice enough.The waitress was not. Just like the prior review, I felt like I was bothering her. I ordered a combo slice and a coke. She put the plate down and went to take an order from the couple next to me. NO NAPKIN, NO FORK, NO KNIFE! Nothing. She could see that I was looking around but it did not phase her. I grabbed some naps and ate the pizza with my hands which normally is ok. This was a sloppy pizza and wanted the fork to pick up the topping that fell off.I finished my pizza and coke but was still drinking my water. She proceeded to stack my empty coke glass into my unfinished water glass. I took it off and finished my water. She placed the check on the counter, I paid and NO THANK-YOU!!! WTF!Will not go there again.Management of Streets of New York: GIVE YOUR WAIT STAFF PROPER CUSTOMER TRAINING! In this, or any economy, how will you survive with that kind of service. The pizza was OK, but not so much that I will go back with this attitude. On top of it for a slice and a coke it was $8.00 with tip. Their attitude said they do not need my business and I do not need them.
1	My husband and I were so excited to try the white pizza and called in an order to be picked up, plus we had a coupon.  The person who took the order was super helpful and said the coupon was fine.  Upon arriving to pick up our order, the gal checking us out was rude and even refused the coupon!  Needless to say when we got the pizza home and ate it, there must have been a dozen cloves of garlic on it (no joke) and it was soggy and cold.  Never again will we eat there.  Try Sticklers or Joey's next door, they are both much better choices.
3	after a takeout order that had me waiting in their lobby for almost 30 minutes after the pick up time i only do delivery now, mainly because this is one of the few places that delivers to my 'hood. twice, the delivery driver has claimed my house doesn't exist at my address. say what? i know it exists because i live here. a quick review of the directions caused my pizza to appear, cold, at my door. the qualify is good, but inconsistent. often we end up baking the pizza in our oven on 170 degrees for awhile after it arrives  side note: if you keep it in the box, this is a great way to keep any pizza warm without burning if you aren't going to eat it right away.a word to the wise: the wings here are weird. not like the wings at most places. g and i don't like them because they aren't saucy ... it is like the sauce is baked into them or something - we're used to places that toss the wings in the sauce. still, this is a fine option for delivery, given the number of places that will venture to my house. that is, if they can find it.
4	I usually don't enjoy streets of New York because of how greasy the pizzas usually are but at this location the pizza was actually great.  I was visiting my parents when I went here and they eat here every Sunday after church..  I would eat here again when, not like other Streets of New Yorks when I only go when i have too.The service is a little slow...The building is nice and clean...
2	I really like their food--the cheese steak is excellent--but I have had *nothing* but trouble with their takeout. Dining in is better.The key to takeout is to take the order correctly, fill the order correctly, and have it up when you say you will. They have messed up each part of that equation and consistently failed in filling my orders. I now avoid getting takeout from this location because I have been burnt four times.They did get the order correct once. I laboriously inspected each and every item to confirm that it was as I expected. The cashier asked if everything was okay and I explained my plight. She said that she'd put a credit on the account for the sandwich that they consistently got wrong and I left in good spirits. They had not only gotten the order right (slightly later than expected but I can forgive them that) but they actually practiced some Customer Service!My elation was short-lived. They messed up the order on the next visit and my claiming of the credit was thwarted because no credit was actually applied. Nevermore.
1	Two large pies, one cheese and one pepperoni.  25 wings = $45.Just got back from New York last week and missed the pizza.  As a New Yorker I must say the pizza was not good for the money.  Dry wings didn't help either.  Oh well..I guess they tried.   Sorry..no second chance for that price and quality.
4	I LOVE their Gorgonzola Pear Salad!!!  Light and fresh! Fresh spring mix, pears, gorgonzola cheese, candied walnuts and cranberries mixed with creamy sweet pear dressing.  Yum -- I eat it without the dressing and it's great. I also like their turkey sub.Service is fine with most of the servers but they can be inconsistent. The pizza is good but it always just depends on the cook you get. Sometimes it can be a bit greasy. My husband and I go there on Friday nights after a long work week mainly because there's usually no wait to get seated and we can get in and out quickly. It is tough to find good "healthy" choices. They are limited but decent.
1	Crappy service crappy food at this location!
5	Im incredibly surprised to read all of the poor reviews this location has received because I've experienced nothing of the sort. This location is one of their newest & is therefore not as busy as the rest. Because of that, I feel that I always receive prompt service and never wait for a table. Over my several visits I've gotten to know the staff a bit & they recognize us whenever we come in. I love that they offer some "fancy" salads on their menu. In the summer, the summer berry salad is the bee's knees. The rest of the year the gorgonzola pear salad is delicious! Their lunch plates are good sized & reasonably priced. And they are nice enough to let me order off the lunch menu during dinner. Beers are cold, dessert is good, wings are delicious (i ask for mine extra cruelt), they don't get all crazy if you ask for extra ranch, and the bread basket is great to nosh on while you wait for your meal. Good place, family atmosphere, give it a try!
5	Not normally a pizza guy but I was feeling like cheese and bread so I headed to the closest place on Yelp. I read the bad reviews but I just didn't feel like driving. The place was pretty slow so maybe that's why I got great service. I enjoyed myself, the food was good for what it is and the service was prompt.
5	Good food, friendly folks.  We eat there about once a week.
3	It was a long long wait for our app.  ANd, we ordered a pizza and hte app came out like 2 min before.Food was good would try again.
3	You frickin' guys... uggh. I was disappointed to say the least. Delivery times made me so hungry that I had to eat it. It got here in just enough time to make sure it was almost lukewarm.  Had the Napolitana with penne. Tasted like it was straight from a can, also had minestrone, and it was the saltiest thing since the dead sea... Not getting my vote for a second chance, maybe for pizza because that's sorta hard to screw up. I think their hearts are in the wrong place in this business...
2	I was disappointed to say the least.
1	We ordered 4 sandwiches, Meatball, Chicken Parmasean and 2 of the pesto chicken hoagies.  The sandwiches were delivered, they were supposed to be hot, but were luke warm at best when they arrived, very bland, no flavor, and to make things worse we paid $45 for the 4 sandwiches to be delivered, but that isn't the worst part!!!  The next morning my son was violently ill, puking all over the place, and I will spare you the details of everything else, but he had food poisoning.  I called Streets of New York to tell them about it, and was met with a rude manager that questioned me to death, and didn't think that it was their food that made my son sick! Maybe if I didn't work as a chef, then I may have had it wrong, but I told the manager that I worked with food on a daily basis, and she still seemed to think that either I was making it up, or I was jsut wrong. Very, very , very disappointed, will never order thru them again, and I would advise that you check your food if you order with them, make sure you don't get sick too!
4	I'm only rating this review based on the broaster chicken at this location.  This chicken is awesomely delicious, crispy outside and juicy inside - not greasy.  We are addicted to this and buy this expensive treat far too often.  We have had the pizza in the past and didn't care for it.  We also had an italian salad and didn't like it.  Their sides with the chicken aren't too great, either (fries, etc.).  The wings are great because they're broasted but the hot sauce isn't good and sometimes tastes "off" so we don't eat it.  Bottom line:  get the broasted chicken and nothing else, you will love it!
5	We went in here on a Sunday afternoon. Nobody was in there, but the place was spotless and inviting. We were there to try their new offering - "Broaster Chicken". We have given up on all "the chicken places" because even "Extra Crispy" never is...so we were hoping for to finally find some that was crisp and flavorful.We Did! We each got 2 piece dark meat combos, and the chicken was SUPER HOT, FRESH, and TASTY. Crispy? Oh yeah! Nicely seasoned, too.We tried the cole slaw, potato wedges and macaroni salad - because many times sides like these just aren't worth the time...but all were good. The potato wedges were nice and crispy, I think they too are broasted. The mac salad seemed to be made with real mayo - as it didn't have that lame-ass, sweet Miracle whip tang that so many places favor. It could have used a dash of mustard or hot sauce - but that's my personal preference. Report on the cole slaw was good too (I'm not a fan of most slaws in general).Another plus - they had a Sam Adams seasonal on tap (Spring Alpine?) which was tasty and came in a nice 25oz frosty mug. Can't go wrong with frosty mugs. They also had some local #craftbeers in bottle (Four Peaks). So that's another plus.While we were there, about 5 other tables filled up - so we must have just come in at a weird hour for pizza/chicken (3pm Sunday). I also like the fact that they have nice, clean booths. So many places are ditching boot seating these days, in favor of hard-seated chairs (so they can turn the tables quickly?) and that's just a shame. Long Live Booths!Staff was quick, attentive, knowledgeable and friendly. We had no probs at all. Will definitely go back for some more chicken! I'm giving 5 stars because we finally found a place that has chicken worth going out for - oddly enough, its a pizza joint. Whoda thunk it? Prices on chicken also beat those other chicken places.
2	The food is always good, but always horribly slow for takeout and delivery. Usually about twice what is quoted, leaving you to sit and wait. After giving multiple chances we have decided not to do business here any longer.
4	Broasted chicken was excellent.  In the past I have had pizza and cheesesteak subs....also both excellent.  I left off a star only because I keep an eye on the chair before I sit down.  They tend to clean the tables well but don't pay attention to what spills onto the seat.......but only sometimes.
3	I had dinner here on a Friday with a few friends. Food was ok, server was fine but annoying, atmosphere was about what you'd expect, kind of loud and a baseball team full of middle schoolers and their families arrived while we were eating. Full disclosure: I did not try the pizza. I shared fettuccini alfredo with spinach and chicken and angle hair pasta with pesto and zuccini and also the garlic cheese bread to start. I was disappointed with the cheese bread but I was hungry enough not to care. I also snagged some of my friend's fries and enjoyed them (although definitely not the best fries I've ever had). It did the job and we weren't hungry by the time we left, but it wouldn't be worth going back. My friends advised me to get pizza from Spinatos in the future. I was going to give the place 2 stars, but one of my friends left his phone inside and the waiter ran outside after us to return it, so that server gets an extra star :)
5	This place is the best. I am allergic to gluten, and it has been very stressful, because most gluten free pizzas taste like cardboard.  But Streets of New York has the BEST gluten free pizza I have ever had. The staff is friendly as well.
3	The pizza was good but the wait time for pick up was far too long since we had called it in WAY ahead of time. We even hit Wal Mart before going to pick it up and we still had to wait for our pizza...
4	Dropping these guys a star, because our last 2 visits for the Broaster chicken resulted in chicken that was too salty. We thought maybe it was a fluke - but last visit shows us that maybe its not. Chicken still gets 5 stars for crispiness though!We'll go back, but maybe we'll branch out from the chicken. The Italian Beef sandwich was nice and tasty (and tender) - although I'm not sure I agree with the idea of a sesame-seed bun for it.
4	Came here 12/14/13 for lunch with my wife Carol. There was only one other couple dining. Our waitress Cassidy took our drink order and gave us ample time to look over the menu. We both decided on the broaster Chicken. I haven't had broaster Chicken in years. It was delicious.The chicken was marinated and coated in a golden brown, crispy-crunchy coating. The  chicken was heavenly.  I am salivating now, just by trying to remember its taste.Both combo's came with braoster potato wedges. The potatoes were extremely hot, crispy,  Second of all, PRICING wise, they are CHEAP. Or should I say budget-friendly.FOOD: Chicken was fabulous.  It was crispy, hot fresh, and tasty. SERVICE: Was spot on. Attentive and professional. PRICE: The price IS very reasonable. CONCLUSION:  RETURN FACTOR 100%.       ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
2	Decided to try this location as it is near where my 88 year old mother and 92 year old mother-in-law live. We wanted to take them out for a quick dinner. Well, it was anything but quick. First of all, it was so dark in the restaurant, we couldn't even see the menu. We asked if they could turn up the light above our table which was off. At first we were told no because it is off for the atmosphere. Really? I pulled out a mini flashlight I have on my keychain for everyone to use so we could order. Then they decided to turn on the light. I thought,  this is great, we'll even be able to see our food. As soon as we were done with our menus, they shut the light.My dad ordered a calzone with peppers, onions and sausage. He also ordered an appetizer of zucchini. My husband ordered pasta as did the rest of us. My husband also ordered a cup of wedding soup. After about 15 minutes, we finally got the attention of our waiter who was just too busy. We asked, where is the appetizer? Where is the cup of soup? He replied it will be right out. How long rise it take to ladle a cup of soup? Another 15 minutes go by, and all of a sudden servers are bringing our meals. We asked for our waiter and again asked where is the appetizer and soup? He finally admitted he thought my dad wanted fried zucchini in his calzone which had just been served to my dad. I immediately sent that back. We explained to the waiter that the whole point of an appetizer is to have something to eat before the meal arrives. He wanted to continue to serve the dinners and bring the zucchini later. We insisted that he take our food back and bring the appetizer first. So he did. Then when he brought our good out it was cold. Not just a little, but barely lukewarm. We asked if they could micro all the plates. Meanwhile my dad is still waiting for  a new calzone to bake. They reheated our food, didn't charge us for the soup or appetizer. 2 hours after we got there, we were finally done. The bread was good, though. Too bad we had to eat 2 baskets of it before we got our food.I will never go back here again. The food was so so, the service was bad and stupid, and they certainly don't care about making the elderly comfortable. I guess it's not a restaurant for my  people who are 88, 92, and 93.
1	Don't use their on line orders, for starters. My son ordered us pizza one night a few weeks ago and when he went in they insisted it had not yet been paid for. He paid for it again despite protesting ( I guess figuring they would see the double order eventually and fix it. Several hours later they called him to ask if he was going to pick up the pizza he ordered. He talked to a manager who said the double charge would be credited to his account. I called a few days later because his card had still not been credited. Again, they stated it would be credited and the delay was "due to the weekend".  It never was credited! My son was the one who liked their food (taking into account it's close to home). I find it bland and some of the worst pizza, spaghetti, and other dishes I've had.  I've had a poor opinion of the staff in past visits. It seems to consist of a bunch of clueless teenagers who are more interested in tending to their boyfriends and girlfriends, who stop in, than the customers. There's always one employee fidgeting with the register or orders who seems confused about how to do the job. One time I remember having to wait forever for an order only to find out they forgot to put it in. My son, who used to do business with them several times a week says he is never buying from them again after this. I'm fine with that. I prefer, Rays, Papa Murphys, Humble Pie (my favorite), Mellow Mushroom or any of the chain pizza places around here. It will be an easy change to not eat this food. Yea, we could keep calling them until they fix it but I guess he is considering it a $20 lesson. Guess they lost a fair amount of business over $20 worth of bad service, eh?
2	We just had our 3rd delivery of broaster chicken, and 2/3 orders have been delivered incorrectly.  We love that we can order something other than pizza delivered to our door when we don't feel like cooking.  The broaster chicken is good, and we love the passion bread that comes with the family meal.  Which is what has come up missing, amongst other things, both times.  When we called tonight (we didn't call before because we chalked it up to a fluke because the gal that took our order seemed very new and confused) to ask them to fix the mistake, and were met with indifference and 'surprise?' that we wanted them to send another driver out with the bread (and correct salad dressing).  No apology, and a "you want us to bring the bread out to you TONIGHT?".  This just irritates me.  I love shopping and spending locally, and I really want to include this restaurant as a welcome change for ordering in.  As I have stated in other reviews, customer service is dead.
5	Friendly attentive service & management clean restaurant nothing less than advertised. This is a good neighborhood eatery. Recommended when you're looking for something simple and good.
1	Terrible online order experience. Food was late, missing and overdone to the point of tasting bad. Very disappointing!
1	Getting progressively worse! If I could've given them 0 stars, I would have. Quality has went way down, presentation looks like something you pay $5 for at a fast food drive-thru. I'm pretty sure the girl that takes the phone orders is a pothead or something because she's retarded. The last 5 times I ordered from there they forgot my dressing and bread on 4 out of the 5 orders. They don't even get the standard toppings right on the pizzas, so if you want something extra, forget about it. When they screw up and you call and complain they tell you that you'll get a discount on your next order, when you decide to order again they have no record of the discount that you're supposed to receive. Get a hot n' ready instead and save $50, at least you know what you're going to get.
