4	Had a leak at one of my properties. Called out my usual plumber, who quoted me $2600 to run a new pipe from the street to the house, and that's with my other vendor cracking and re-laying my slabs for my driveway.Called Accurate Leak Detection, and they found that the leak wasn't anywhere near that line, and in fact, was under the front yard with an irrigation pipe. It had a few leak spots, and they fixed all of them, and installed a new valve for $500. I was a little worried at first, since they were late for the first appointment, but after that it was smooth sailing. I do find it a bit funny, though, that they have a Yelp Loves Us thing on their website, but I'm the first review... Oh well, at least they've given me something good to Yelp about. Not bad for review #150!
5	ALD has fixed several leaks for me. over the years and are great at what they do.  I will gladly call Kris and Dave anytime I have a water leak.  One time some new guy did not do such a great job and Kris came right out and addressed it... needles to say that guy did not last long.  They have always been dependable and honest which is rare here in Vegas.
5	Fabulous guys! Very friendly and knowledgeable. Went out of their way to explain what they were doing and answered any questions. Not only found and fixed a water leak, but replaced the old main water pipe from the meter to the house that was in bad shape. Put in a master valve (which I didn't have, for some reason) and even removed my old useless water softener. They made my water system more efficient and did it quick! Thanks, guys!
5	Nelson is the man over there. Very knowledgable, straight forward guy. A rare find. Expensive company but worth every penny. Just go call other bargain companies if you have a serious matter you will end up with this one regardless.
2	Chris is unprofessional and has a problem getting to a job ontime. This the second occurance we have had with him having us wait all day and not show up. Has us over a barrell because they replaced the water heater and its under warranty. So we had to go with out hot water for two days.
