4	Yeah, I know it's a chain. So what? The burgers are awesome. I don't eat beef, so the turkey burger is my meat on a bun choice. Most places don't know what to do with turkey- it's like a foreign substance they   try to rid themselves of as quickly as possible. Fatburger, though, knows how to do a dead turkey justice. The meat is seasoned and cooked perfectly, resulting in a very tasty sandwich. The fries are great too- especially the fat ones. Yum.
4	Here's something I never expected to say since becoming a vegetarian: I can't get enough of Fatburger. My boyfriend, who is also a veghead, and I actively avoided this place until we found out last week that it serves a veggie burger. So, we put aside our judgment  and decided to try out the joint. And I'm so, so glad we did. The veggie burger is made with a premium Boca patty that is thick, juicy and flavorful. Fatburger also features a variety of toppings and customizing items is pretty easy. This is important because I don't like when restaurants have rigid topping standards for their sandwiches (I'm looking at you, Burger King).I suppose my only complaints are the long wait time and high prices for what I consider a fast food joint. But the food is notches above your typical drive-thru eatery, and the wait is worth it.
4	I just read Genevieve R's review below and have to say I didn't even know Fatburger had a vegetarian burger.Who the hell goes to a place named "Fatburger" and eats veggies?  ;)Me, I do the double meat (real meat, you know, beef), double cheese Fatburger. It's double the goodness. You can practically feel your arteries hardening with every drippy gooey delicious bite.I don't know what it is about this place. But sometimes I just get this weird, "I need a Fatburger NOW" craving. And it doesn't stop until I gorge myself. Then I'm good for a couple of months.It is a bit on the pricey side, but so far every visit has resulted in a tasty, juicy burger. Fries have ranged between so -so to really good. I have no idea why, but sometimes they just seem.... limp.Killer shakes too!
4	I love this place - the turkey burger, fries, and shakes are delicious. It's nicely decorated and homey with fun trivia and riddles on the numbered cards they give you to indicate your order. I've never been disappointed here.
4	Mmmmm the burgers here are awesome! I ordered the fries, though I was too full after eating my burger and shake that I didn't have room for the fries. A note on the shakes: they are the best! You can tell they are made with real ice cream because the texture and taste are just right.The location was a little dirtier than other locations I have been too in the valley, but the food was good and the music fun!
2	Mediocre burgers - if you are in the area and want a fast food burger, Fatburger is  a better bet than Wendy's. But it is nothing to go out of your way for.
4	I can't believe my gut doesn't hang over my pants, seriously. With all the burger joints I visit, I don't know how I don't take up two seats on a plane yet. Been visiting Fatburgers since I lived in SoCal. And way before any In N' Out was built around here. But I digress. I can't say enough about how yummy this place is... all over the Valley. From the baseball park to Mesa, where ever there is a Fatburger, I'll surely make a visit. Fries... super. Shakes... super d duper. Burgers... mmmm. I could eat two or three. Go forth and build the belly, folks. You won't regret it!
1	I love the food at Fatburger, I just don't love this particular location. They always close ridiculously early and the times on the website are different than the ones here listed on Yelp: "Operating Hours: Sun-Thu: 11am-8pm | Fri-Sat: 11am-10pm". I've been in this location at 7:30pm and seen customers turned away around 7:45pm being told that they were already closed.I recently went there on a Friday night at 9:30pm and almost all of the chairs in the restaurant had already been put on top of tables and employees were already walking out. My party and I ordered food and found a place to sit and I was enjoying my meal... until I found a long dark hair wrapped around one of my fries. I asked for a refund on my fries and was given one, yet without any apology. Even though this location is closest to me, I only was able to visit a few times since they always closed too early and now I will never go back that I've found hair in my food. Find a cleaner Fatburger where employees care about quality and aren't rushing to get out of there.
4	I have never been to Fatburger before and it's right outside the movie theatre I frequent, so we went early to stop for lunch.  Groupons are great!  Now I like hamburgers and fries, but my daughter LOVES them.  And Fatburger didn't disappoint either of us.  The burgers were juicy and cooked just right.  We also ordered bacon on them, and the bacon was cooked nice and crisp with thick slices, none of that see through crap you get at lots of burger joints.  Curly fries were nice and hot and fresh.  And when you have all you can drink diet coke, that's like a big fat cherry on top of a hot fudge sundae!  This place was great, a little expensive for a hamburger place, but really good nonetheless.  We will definitely stop back, especially since we walk right past it at least twice a month when we go to the movies.  Yum.
3	I've only been here once so far and I thought it was a decent place.I wasn't sure what to make of the sizes when I looked at the menu, but the burger I ended up ordering was humongous and probably the largest burger I can remember eating. I thought it was pretty good, although I'm not ready to call it a favorite just yet.
4	Yum!  I loved my veggie burger with cheese and skinny fries.  I will get that again.  Might even try the steak fries!!  Got the lemonade which was good but I wish they had fresh brewed iced tea instead.
4	Got take out and I really liked the food. I got a hamburger with cheese & bacon. The bacon was good, thick and cooked right. The food was made fresh right there were you can see. I got the steak fries but I will try the skinny fries next time. The fries were good but I just prefer the skinny ones (my hubby ran in for us). I am happy to find a good burger place that doesn't taste all greasy and with the gross oils they use now. We will definitely go back there.
3	Fat fries are good, but that's probably it. I had a turkey burger that didn't taste much better than something I could make in my microwave. I had "everything" but still could barely taste anything. 3 stars is because my brother had an L and it was really L. His also looked much better than mine did. All in all, it is better than most fast food, but really isn't worth it for the price you pay. Your wallet would thank you for hopping across the street to In 'n' Out, and your tastebuds would thank you for driving several miles east to 5 guys.
4	It seems like not so long ago, The Fatburger brand was blowing up, and expansion seemed endless... 10 years later, and Fatburger almost seems like a relic of the past, and isn't the first place people think of when it's.. BURGERTIME. Thanks to a few fantastic Groupons, I've returned to Fatburger, a few times recently. Really impressed! I admit to being a glutton, and enjoying *EVERYTHING* in excess, so The XXL Burger, Chili Cheese Fries, and Lemonade totez hit the spot.. GIANT TASTY MEAL... Even without a Groupon, the price isn't too horrible, and with one, it's an absolute steal! The staff is fab, and friendly, and while the interior decor is modern retro, it's.. now.. really outdated modern retro, and needs to be remodern retrofied. :) Give Fatburger another whirl! I'm glad I did.
2	As the rating says. I've experienced better. I will be reviewing the Veggie burger costing about $6. Good chunk of food. Big enough to fill out our stomach even if you skipped morning breakfast. But it was not as tasty. The soy patty was plain tasteless and the whole wheat bread doesn't fit a big burger. It could use more lettuce and less salt.
3	Not my first visit but perhaps my memories fail me!  Not impressed but not terrible either.  They are no match for Lobby's and Giant Hamburger, but I'd give them 3rd place.  Had a crispy chicken sandwich, pretty tasty, a medium burger with cheese and bacon, curly fries, OK and great onion rings.  I requested no mustard on my burger but it was there anyway.  The fixins tended to overpower the burger.  I doubt I'll return with those other two places available.
4	Stopped in here today for lunch, joined by Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C.  For me, on this first Fatburger visit ever, the idea was to compare this place with a couple of my favorites, Smashburger & Five Guys.I ordered a Medium Combo Meal, which brought a 1/3 lb. burger "with the works", & I upgraded the fries to onion rings & the soda to a chocolate shake.Everything was good, but the shake wasn't up to a chocolate malt at Smashburger & the burger, while tasty, was down a bit for me compared to the other two.  The onion rings were delicious.It's 4 Stars for this excellent but not quite tops burger place.     :-))Medium Burger Combo $7.89, Shake +$2, Onion Rings +$1=$10.89
4	The food here is awesome!  This Location is convenient off of US 60. I eat here often when seeing a movie next door at AMC Mesa Grand 24.  I wanted to give this location 5 stars, but could not because I have not always had good service.  The service quality depends on when you eat at this location.  Usually the service is fast & friendly, but if you come here when the high school kids are working, service usually is ok at best, if even that good.  Overall very good except for a couple of times of rude service from the teenagers.  I reported the rude teenagers to the manager on another visit and he said he would look into the situation.  Service lately has been excellent.
4	When I do not care about breaking my diet this is the burger I want. It is nice to have a burger that is dripping with flavor. It may not be the healthiest but it is a great burger. I also love the fat fries that you can get here. It is a little tiny inside with not many seats but there are seats outside if the weather is accommodating. So, I recommend that you indulge yourself once in a while. Try a Fatburger and you will not be disappointed.
4	Good food, great interior set up, and fun for everyone! I've tried a lot of the menu and any item is great. The burger itself is cooked well. While it may be tempting to order a larger burger when hungry I'd recommend trying a medium first as these burgers are pretty large.
5	Always satisfied coming here, whenever the girlfriend and I have a craving for a juicy burger, this is our go to place.  The fries are excellent, and the burgers....ohh the burgers are amazing, we have not had a bad experience.  Definitly Recommend,
2	Undercover Boss Fatburger was filmed here in April 2013....so I was interested to read the recent yelp reviews to see if improvement has been made. It doesn't seem as if people are impressed.... (I personally have received poor service the two times, I visited)Here is a cut & Paste from a review of the show....So perhaps it's not surprising that as the latest CEO to appear on "Undercover Boss," Wiederhorn took to heart the troubles that an employee reported at a Mesa, Ariz., franchise. Posing as "Myron Leeds," a former real estate agent appearing on a "second chances" reality show, Wiederhorn visited the Fatburger restaurant and found that the franchise was a mess. Angelica, an assistant manager, showed that the faucets in the kitchen couldn't be turned off. Sales were at an all-time low too, Wiederhorn conceded on-camera. And to top it off, the franchise -- which is part of a company that brings in $100 million in revenue a year and is looking to expand to 200 more locations -- has failed to pay its workers. "By the time we get our paychecks, there's no money in the bank," Angelica reported to "Leeds."While speaking to "Leeds" during a break outside the franchise, Angelica also described in detail the problematic culture at her workplace. "The only time we see the owner is when something is broken," she told him. There's no positive reinforcement: The manager "doesn't come around see how we're doing." And then the ultimate blow in Angelica's list of grievances: "It's like I am working for you -- but why?" Wiederhorn, for his part, seemed to take the criticism seriously. So in the reveal at the end of the show, he took the extraordinary step of inviting Angelica's manager, franchise owner Marcus, onto the set. And Marcus didn't put up a fight. "I don't want to let you down anymore," he told the assistant manager. As a way of helping to boost the franchise, Wiederhorn told Marcus that he'd forgive a debt of around $50,000 that he owed him. And then he also told Angelica that he would pay for her tuition so that she could attend nursing school, as well as give her a $10,000 bonus toward a honeymoon. (She's barely been able to take a vacation in the two-plus years she's been with Fatburger, which is about the same time that she's been married.)
2	Crazy expensive.....medium bacon cheese burger meal-  12.002 people running the whole store..... 15-20 minute wait.Food.....meh?Freddies steakburgers.....best value around !
4	Not much to say here. Good juicy burgers, will definitely stop by again when I'm in the area.
4	Always liked Fatburger, the traffic at this location seemed slow, but the service was still exceptional.
5	love fatburger
