5	How happy I have been with the new Streets of New York team. My fiance and I had banned this restaraunt, vowing never to return again after the HORRIBLE service we had gotten numerous times!  We would order a pizza for pick up then arrive and have to wait an extra 45min, the employees would be eating and not giving us service, one time my fiance asked for his money back and they didn't even question him or apoligize!! Ya, that was fun. But I am happy to report those days are in the past!A new manager took over, fired all the old staff and put some awesome people in. After almost 2 years of banning , I can proudly say it is  one of my favorite pizza places again. Everytime we order to go it is always ready for us and perfect!So, for those of you who banned this Streets, know that they are back on point.
4	I was driving around the North Phoenix area around 8 and started feeling hungry. I passed the Streets of New York, and made a quick turn to dive into their parking lot and decided to give it a shot. The place is medium sized and pretty casual, with TVs playing sports situated around the room. This is a good place to go for a pizza party with your baseball team. I ended up getting a large Pepperoni with black olives, and a chopped antipasto salad. It turned out the be a great choice. The pizza was great. New York style, etc. The best aspect was probably the salad. Really great. The waitress was attentive, but not of the highest quality. It was a fun atmosphere and I'd definitely go back soon. SONY is now my favorite pizza joint in the valley. (I have only tried Papa John's, Pizza Hut, and Peter Piper's so far).
3	I like this particular location of this restaurant.  The parking is a little odd but there is enough.  It is just east of See's Candies.It is a fairly large restaurant.  The serving staff are all quite young.   They have always been friendly and attentive since the first time I went there. Their food is pretty good and plenty of it for reasonable prices. It is a larger restaurant than you'd expect.  Maybe that is why we went there and were seated right away there on a Friday night after finding a forty five minute wait at five other places.  It may not be a gourmet place but I can't complain.  It fills me up. Their pizza is good if you heat it up the next day.  it has an upbeat atmosphere and I have never had to wait for a table at this location..
4	Just wanted a pizza for delivery! The hotel recommended them, and I was quite happy. We ordered a garlic chicken calzone, chicken tenders, potato skins, and minestrone soup. We were very happy with the delivery time and food. Would buy from again!
5	Fantastic thin crust pizza! Streets of New York has quality food in a comfortable environment with friendly service. That is why they will be around long after the trendy PIzza places that surround them go out of business.
4	This was my 3rd choice for lunch yesterday with my coworkers and I'm really glad we ended up going here! I hadn't heard any fantastic about this place, but nothing horrible either. I had the lunch special with 1/2 sandwich and salad for around $7.00. I got the #7 sandwich which has three different Italian meats, cheese, lettuce, tomato, peppercinis, and a oil type sauce. It was awesome! The bread was toasted and the perfect combination of crunchy and soft. The Caesar was pretty standard, but tasty none the less. This place is close to work and I'm sure we'll be back sometime soon.
4	Great lunch place- I've been to this location a few times for lunch and it's always slow enough to get in and out of but not so slow you are skeeved out to eat there. The lunch specials are the right size, the right price and they are fast. If you want to hang out for a while they keep filling up your tea (the best way to get in good with me) or if you gotta run, they hook it up. I think most everyone already knows the Streets of NY menu and the food here lives up. Good stuff, consistent, fresh and yummy. That is all!
5	Every time I drive by Phoenix,  I try to stop by and get me some Streets of New York pizza.  Love me some of that.  So  good.  I wish there was one in LA and I wish there was one in El Paso.  I could just see it now.  Get a few pitchers of beer, have some of their bangin wings and finish it off with a large pizza (pepperoni & sundried tomatoes and extra sauce please).  Then again, I'd probably be 400 lbs.  by now if it was here.I wonder what their other food items are like?  I've had their pasta once too.  I dont remember what it was, maybe some sort of alfredo,  I just remember really liking that as well.  I'm  not sure what it is, that I love about their pizza.  I think it's just a good combination of bread sauce and cheese.  Maybe,  it's part of my psychosis where when I first lived in Phoenix,  I was generally too poor to eat there often so it became this sort of luxury and a symbol of success every time I eat it.It can't be that bad.  There's a shit load of them now since I've returned to phoenix.  Before, I only knew about only one or two.  I hope they haven't gotten so big that they have to cut corners on their recipes to keep up on the profits.  That would suck and I think a lot of franchises yield to that practice and just get shittier through the years.  Well, the last time I had it was over xmas break and it was still bangin so keep it up, Streets of New York.  You'll be seeing me again next road trip home.
4	.8 star for atmosphere.8 star for service.8 star for cleanliness1.2 of 2 stars for foodStreets of New York, Camelback 2 blocks east of CentralPizza & Wings, Those are Our ThingsDecember 2008, the Phoenix Metro area christened itslight rail system.  Running from Mesa to North Phoenix,it takes a turn west at Central and Camelback. There'salso a train stop at this major junction.  Streets of New York is a two block walk.  One can work up an appetitegoing and walk off a meal on the way back to the train.    It's called "Streets of New York" because it serves New Yorkstyle food, especially pizza.  Thin crust, tomato sauce, andwhatever you want on top.  There are several made-upchoices, including the original pizza of New York , the Margherita.  There's also a full Italian menu but we areserved  only pizza and wings.  And served we are.  We've always had good service here.There's a full-service bar, several large screen TV's givingthe place a sports-bar flavor.  There's seating outside whenit's desired.We get a large pizza in our pizza and wings special, medium heaton the wings.  We eat half in the restaurant and take half homefor that great well-mixed flavor of heated day-old pizza.Traveling?  Birthday party?  Family night out?  A little romance?Our last trip there was some serious business talk in a table near the corner.  Give it a try.
5	I'd love to leave a review about the entire chain, because they're all great, but this is my favorite location. I no longer live in Phoenix, but believe it or not, I make it a point to go to Streets even before seeing my family each time I get back! Love, love, love their chewy crust, excellent sauce, and high-quality ingredients! I know they're called Streets of New York, but this pizza is way better than any of that salty cardboard pizza I've had in New York! It's somewhere between a thin and thick crust. Just perfect, in my opinion. Great food all around (but I'm talkin' pizza here!), great place for family, or just to hang out with friends and get a bite. I know there are a bunch of trendy, wait-for-an-hour pizza joints in Phoenix, but for me, SONY is the place to go when I'm in Phoenix. Each friend or family member I've taken there falls in love with the pizza. I've been to just about every location, but for some reason, this one feels like home to me. Maybe it's the outside eating area, or the friendly wait staff, or Jimmy, the nice guy who runs the place. I wish they had one where I live now!!!
4	My Logic tells me I should not like this pizza. I'm typically a New York slice snob.. and sometimes, I sacrilegiously enjoy a Chicago deep dish. And who could not worship an artisean Pizzeria Bianco? I've had really good pizza in Italy too.... This pizza is nothing like those.It's heavy on the bread, it's got a chunky tomato sauce.. The cheese is definately American- more Midwestern without any attempt to make it taste Italian.My DNA is more than half Italian, and my tastebuds should be offended at this bastardization. But.........It's good. Really good. It is NOT New York pizza. Maybe I'm forgetting how truly good a new york slice is, but I really liked it. This pizza makes me wonder... If I were to move to New York.. and there were no good Sonoran Mexican restaurants.... After 3 years, would I think Taco Bell was divine?(Their ingredients are better than Taco Bell, and it's obvious someone cares about how the product tastes. If the owner reads this- thumbs up.)
5	A perfect Sunday night consists of Streets of New York Hawaiian Pizza + My Couch + A Bottle of Red. Now, I'm drooling and it's only Tuesday. There's something about their pizza that is perfect. The consistency, the thickness/thiness of the crust and the flavors of the ham and pineapple. I love it. Plus, their ranch and peppers for dipping and extra sin are the way to go. Be sure to look in those cheesy coupon packets that come in the mail - Streets of NY typically has good coupons which help. They're a tad expensive but so worth it. I think the 18" Hawaiian (don't judge us) is $23.
5	I come to phoenix for business every three months and I have to say that I really do look forward to eating here. Sometimes i may order out or dine in, but the result is always the same. Pure taste-bud satisfaction.
4	I've driven by the Streets of New York for the last 5 years just wishing I could eat there. Even from down the road you can smell the aroma of garlic and freshly baked pizza and I lamented the fact that there was nothing on the menu that was within my diet. Fast forward 5 years and they now have a gluten free pizza menu as well as several appetizers available for those with Celiac of gluten sensitivity.For starters, they offer a gluten free version of bruschetta as well as a spinach and artichoke dip that will nearly have you licking the plate. The spin-dip was by far my favorite, boasting just enough vegetables to make you think you're eating health food, but with a hearty helping of cheese to remind you that you're actually indulging. We also ordered up a batch of their gluten free honey BBQ wings and my 3 year old couldn't get enough of those, shrieking excitedly every time she licked the sweet sauce. Be sure to specify when you order wings that you need them prepared gluten free; they have a separate preparation process for gluten free wings to help reduce any possibility of cross contamination.Let's talk pizza: I've been eating a lot of it the last few years since more and more restaurants are now serving it. My main concern with many pizza places that sell gluten free is that they serve the crust, but don't know squat about proper preparation techniques. Jimmy, the General Manager at the Camelback and 3rd St. location, gave me a tour of the kitchen on my recent visit. He showed me their gluten free preparation area, the separate tray and utensil storage area, and their cooler to show me that they follow recommended techniques to reduce the risk of cross contamination. Additionally, they use separate ingredients, racks, plates, gloves, and utensils to do their best to serve the Celiac and gluten free community. All locations have been trained on safe handling methods by Lynn Rae Ries of Gluten Free Creations, who also supplies their gluten free products.We ordered 2 pizzas, both were 10 inch "personal" pizzas, but you could easily split one with a friend if you started with an appetizer. All ingredients tasted very fresh and the crust had a great texture, which is one of the hardest things to get right in the gluten free world. I personally like a combo of black olives, salami, and spinach, which won't break the bank at around $15. My husband opted for a garlic chicken, peppers, and mushroom pizza, which was tasty as well. They will even deliver and offer catering of their gluten free items for the big game or an office party.The atmosphere reminds me a lot of a pizza place in Boston my mom used to take me - the kind of place that you would go celebrate winning a soccer match with your team, go on a casual first date, or take the family out for Sunday lunch. After dark, the lights go down and the candles come out while their patio lights up with fairy lights.The only thing I could suggest for Streets of New York is to add some gluten free offerings to the dessert menu (I'm a sucker for chocolate) and to add a gluten free beer or cider option to the drink menu. Overall, it was a great dining experience and I'm sure that my family will be back soon!Check out my gluten free blog too: www.GlutenFreeAZ.com
1	Seriously? Shut up. This place blows. Wouldn't last 4 minutes in NY. I'll bet the Vegas store doesn't last either.  This place insults the pizza.
3	Last visit was over a year ago and I said I wouldnt go back.  Stopped in Friday as a last resort and was pleasantly surprised.  We just had a regular pepperoni pizza and some wings.  They must have changed something with their pizza because I don't remember it tasting that good.  The wings were excellent and perfectly cooked.  Also you can't beat a 25oz Blue Moon for $5.50.  we'll be back.
4	The pizza was good the wings were not so great overall it was ok...
4	i've only had it as take out...no dine in.but the cheese pizza is good. The Greek salad is off-the-hook-delicious.:)
4	As a REAL New Yorker... I Love Pizza and Jimmy and the staff at Streets of New York fills the bill!When in town, I don't eat pizza from anywhere else!Jimmy knows how to treat his customers and his people.Highly Recommend this location to anyone!
4	I had not been here for a few years but glad that I decided to come back.  I had their penne pasta with meat sauce and it was a huge portion with great flavor.  I really like their red sauce, it had a lot of flavor and was rich.  My bf had their meatball sub which again was a huge portion and he liked it a lot.  Next time we come back we will have to try their pizza!  Great job and keeping up with the times Streets of NY!
1	Horrible! It wasn't even busy and it took the waitress 15 minutes to come to our table when we arrived. Meanwhile, she was standing at the counter playing on her iPhone. The food was the worst and we have eaten at different streets of ny before and loved their food. Bread was stale, salad wasn't fresh, pizza was just ok. The manager stood next to the bar the entire time playing on his phone. I never plan to visit this location again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone!
4	It's been a while since I have been here; but, I'm a fan...I had the NY combo pizza; delicious sauce, and really enjoyed it.  My friend had the Chicken Parm sandwich; she is from Long Island; and really loved the sandwich...My other friend tried the fried chicken; "Broaster Chicken"; it was extremely good - I have a new fried chicken take out place.
3	I wouldn't come here for NY pizza. It's ok pizza but there's a lot of competition in this area. I haven't had their wings in years. I don't remember being impressed, the standard wings that are fried then have sauce poured on them. Most any place does it this way. So why even review this place? two wordsBROASTER CHICKEN!!!!!!Where have you been all my life? It's basically pressure cooker chicken, so it has a fried texture to it, but it's not as greasy as fried chicken. I wouldn't call it healthy, but it certainly could be healthier than fried chickenIt was kinda pricey, I remember paying 8 bucks for a 4 piece (2 white 2 dark) with XL potato wedges, plus two other sides. I had fries, they were parmesan and herb sprinkled, and good. Macaroni salad was fine, nothing special, but I always hope for mac and cheese. The wedges were also excellent, and as I said, three of them were almost an entire half potato.But the chicken was the star. The outer coating was crispy, not as puffy as KFC or other fried chicken, and somewhat reminiscent of home cooked chicken. The inside had more of that roasted taste with very little if any grease. It's like getting rotisserie chicken with a fried coating.Just writing this review has me considering going to get some broasted tastiness later today.Oh ya, service, etc. It was fine. Not slow, but not speedy. Again, no reason for praise or punishment for anything Streets of New York does. But that chicken? Worth it.
1	We ordered wings, boneless, Buffalo. Just a little bit before happy hour ended. We decided not to get pizza and do pasta and a sub.  We got our "wings" which were black, round little crispy balls of dry chicken with Italian dressing g with some hotsauce mixed in drizzled on top. I couldn't chew them so I sent them back. When we got our new wings they looked a million times better. They were golden and smothered in some of the same weird sauce. These were still partially frozen. I didn't bother sending them back for fear they'd spit in my raviolis. My boyfriend ordered a Philly I ordered raviolis.  His sandwich was sub par. He said it was just some beef, melted processed provolone cheese on a dry sesame bun. Bummer, then my raviolis were big and round, the filling was nearly flavorless, obviously frozen and processed swimming in some sauce that was as tick as ketchup with a taste to match. We waited a long time between refilled and when they asked how my food was I told them it was gross. She left it at the table and brought the check about ten minutes later. With the wings and ravioli included! We wont be going back...to any of this chain and I dont recommend it. If you want a NY slice and some yummy wings go to pats pizza plus. Its a dive half the price and twice as good.
1	First, I'm only rating 1 star because they don't have a negative 5 trillion.The fact that they use " New York" in the title is a down right insult!! New Yorkers would spit on this pizza, actually it tastes like they did! I would serve this to some ny rats but I would be scared for their health! Now for the specifics. Who do you think you are charging that much for a horrible eating experience! If you are going to charge 2 bux a topping it better not taste like bacon bits! We ordered wings and asked for extra crispy. They came burnt, over cooked and floating in oil! Just not edible! The pizza crust is rubber and just strange tasting! The sauce is filled with sugar, and it was runny! Watery and not filled with goodness. Toppings were not fresh at all. The location is ify,when you walk in its dark and filled with sadness. It took 5 mins at the counter for someone to even say hi In closing I can not believe this place is still open let alone a chain that people keep pouring money into! Seriously though I had better pizza at a gas station for 2 bux! You should be ashamed of yourself
4	There is not much I can say about this place except that every time we've went it has been a pleasant experience. Their pizza is quite good, perhaps not the best in the world but still quite tasty. The one time I had an issue they promptly addressed it and even gave me a gift card.What really sets this place apart in my mind is their wonderful broasted chicken. It is easily among the best fried chicken in Phoenix, they also have a great all you can eat deal on Wednesdays. The chicken is crispy and flavorful right until the last bite due to the marinade. If it has an issue it is that it may be too salty for the more salt sensitive people out there, but IMO, it is far from overwhelming, and each bite has a combination of flavors. We will be moving to a different state next year and will definitely miss this franchise, specifically this particular location. I've yet to have anything at this place I'd consider sub-par or average. Not to mention the fact that the atmosphere is very soothing and quiet every time we've went.
1	They added broasted chicken to their menu... I love me some broasted chicken, so in I went to investigate.I do not love me THEIR broasted chicken.To me it tasted rubbery and had a strange odor, and it was so salty that an hour later I could still taste it. I ordered a few pieces and I ate part of one and then bolted.I can't speak to anything else on the menu. Their garlic knots, for what it's worth, were fine.
4	This is a no-nonsense pizza delivery place.  Always relable and always good.
2	Had a taste for pizza, and after just coming home from NYC I have been on the quest to find authentic NYC pizza. A few people told me thier pizza was good, and after falling in love Spinato's pizza, and finding out they were closed on Monday's I decided to give Streets of New York pizza a try.I should have waited until Tuesday when Spinato's was open.Streets of NY Pizza was mediocre. Nothing like NY Pizza but better than Pizza Hut (I stay away from major chains).I was disappointed.Ordered my pizza to go, the server at the bar was only 18 and talking about all her "personal" boyfriend business with another customer.Felt like it was very unprofessional, but then again--she was only 18.It was $2 per topping. My pizza was over $20. I think it was overpriced for the quality.I probably would have been better off waiting until Tuesday to visit Spinato's (which TRULY is good pizza) or went to the Groceries and bought a Digiorno pizza.
5	It was my last evening in Phoenix on business and I just wanted to relax.  ordered a pizza for delivery and it arrived hot and it was very good.  Would recommend you try!
4	This is a great place for some pizza and wings. My most recent visit, I ordered a lunch special - a slice with garlic chicken, black olives, and roasted red peppers. The pizza was good, and the toppings were solid. It also included a half dozen wings, and I went with honey hot. The wings are pretty tasty as well, and just a little bit different from most places - maybe a little crispier. The breadsticks that came out early were also good.This is definitely on my list for pizza, and with it being in delivery range, will be an option for days when I just don't feel like cooking or leaving the house.
2	Don't Do Online Ordering!Typically, I really like the food from STNY. Today was my first time ordering from them online - but it will definitely be my last!I'm no novice at online ordering - I buy lots of stuff online, including local pizza delivery. Wanting something, different, I visit the STNY website, see they have online ordering - cool! So, I create my account, place my order, pay online, get my email confirmation... a few minutes later, one of their employees calls and says, "Yeah, we don't know why but you got two free toppings on this pizza. We're gonna go ahead with it this time but in the future we're gonna have to charge you extra." Um, WTF?! All I did was click the buttons to indicate what kind of pizza I wanted, the toppings, followed their prompts for payment including adding a tip (even though that was confusing to do). If there's a problem in the way their system calculates out my total, it is CLEARLY a problem with their programming NOT with me the customer! She seriously made me feel like I was trying to get away with something... how could I "sneak" in a couple of extra toppings on their system?! Do they not even think things through before calling their customers with accusations?They just lost my business. NOT COOL!
2	Rick, I ordered directly from the STNY website & clearly ordered delivery. You need to have a qualified programmer re-evaluate your online ordering system. For now, we'll continue to order online from Pizza Hut where we get exactly what we order & consistently friendly service.
4	Enjoyed my several hours here watching an NBA playoff game. They have one big TV at the bar for viewing, but the other giant TV has turned into a BIllboard for the restaurant showing a loop of the same specials. Time to revert that TV to other programming. Bar staff was great here - one guy was preactically watching the game with me and the female cashier did a great job.   Tried my ole favorite to go which was the $10.95 Chicken Parmesan dinner. It was pretty good, but the chicken itself could have been a thinner cutlet. Angel Hair and the marinara sauce had some moments. The side salad and bread deal for $2.50 is a good upgrade as well. salad had a variety of veggies, but dressings are not homemade. Bread is a tasty garlic cheese variety. Good draft beer prices too at the bar.
5	although streets of new york's isn't in the glory days that it had several years ago, it still provides great, chicago style deep dish pizza. as far as the service goes, they provide reasonably good service. but the most important thing about streets of new york's is the pizza, nothing else. the pizza isn't incredibly deep, but it definitely gets the job done. with deep dish sizes of 7, 10, 12, and 14 everyone can get their needs met. streets of new york's also does a great job offering a variety of toppings including my personal favorite, the homemade sausage. that first bite into the homemade sausage tastes so sweet, it's like natural candy. if you're feeling a tad bit more daring they also offer artichoke, some peppers, and even anchovies. personlly i go with the sausage pizza. the homemade sausage is to die for and truly tastes like a gift from the heavens. it's both succulent and sweet, while still appealing to the traditional hardy sausage lovers. and although the pizza's size doesn't sound like much it quickly fills you up. you don't have to get the traditional deep dish but streets of new york's is all about the traditional deep dish so i'd stick with it. when you take your first bite into the traditional deep dish pizza at streets of new york's you taste the nice buttery crust, stringy, hot cheese, and the delicious sweet sauce. this sauce is what sets streets of new york's apart from everywhere else, it's uniquely sweet compared to other pizzerias, but it's not overly sweet or strong. unlike other pizza places, the pizza doesn't take 30-45 minutes to make and the dough doesn't taste undercooked. not only is the pizza fantastic, but the prices are great at streets of new york's too. considering the authenticity and quality of the pizzas at streets of new york's it's definitely well worth the money you'd spend on it over any other pizza joint in town.
5	Hey, Phoenix transplants. Streets of New York is one of the few places you can get your Broaster's Chicken, Italian bread baked fresh every 20 minutes, cheesesteaks, decent bruschetta, Italian sausage halves, and outstanding gorgonzola pear salad for your chicken parmigiana or meatball sandwich. The lines are never a nightmare, and, if you're a Diamondbacks or Boston Red Sox fan, you should know that you never, ever approach the counter without first knowing about the team. Order online or by phone and save time, and bring beer money! 214 E Camelback, Phoenix, 602-230-7770. Thanks for reading!
3	5-Stars FANTASTIC service!!! 3-Stars for the pizza: GREAT sauce, and toppings, but the crust needs help. Nice, and thin, but dry and a bit crumbly (not sure why so many pizza places in AZ have this 'problem' - especially when claiming to be "New York" pizza). Of the places I've had pizza in Manhattan (mostly the Original Ray's, and Lombardi's) - those crusts are fantastic . . . no one in AZ (that I've had) has been able to come close. I'm still on the hunt for the perfect Arizona pizza.
5	So Delicious! We ordered in and gorged ourselves on crunchy yet chewy crust, golden brown cheese, and spicy pepperoni slices. Definitely will call them again; looking forward to dining in too! The place is adorably traditional from the outside. More? Yes please!!!!
1	Absolute worst wings I've ever had, I'm 43, may be the first time I've ever asked for my money back. Soggy, and no sauce.
4	I thought this place was pretty good. I kind of suck when it comes to reviewing pizza...I love anything dough-y that has cheese and sauce on it.  It's a bit pricey (18" pie was about $24.00). We got olives and pineapple on it and I have no complaints. The guy running the place was very friendly as well! That always adds a star in my book. I'll go back on my next trip to Phoenix.
3	I have ordered twice from this place- sandwich (Italian), pizza (specialty), and a few sides. Food always takes too long to arrive if you get delivery. If they quote you 30 minutes, you will be waiting an hour.Pizza is average and greasy, but not bad with fresh ingredients.Sandwich tasted good but was a bit too salty.
4	A good slice, the whole pie is not as good as a slice for some reason. They served a great chianti too, perfect with their pizza. Like Tessio's, close to NY style.
5	Working in Downtown Phoenix, I have many options for lunch but I usually end up finding myself at Streets of New York.  The manager - Jimmy is an extremely friendly gentleman who always greets us with a smile and a handshake.  Our server Lupe takes care of us like no other.  We never wait for refills or food, we're always in and out quickly.  All of the food here is good from the wings to the sandwiches and broaster chicken.  We've been coming here for years and it's never been bad.If you're in the area and wanting good quality food, definitely stop in and have lunch at this Streets location.  I've been to a few other locations throughout the valley but none of them measure up to the consistency, quality and friendly staff that exists at the Camelback location.
2	Got a great pizza deal I couldn't pass up. ...However sometimes you get what you pay for.  Although the price was right, the pizza was not.  Crust was a bit heavy and reminded of Bisquick.  The cheese was tasty, however the sauce was so sparse, they should have just left it off completely.This "pizza snob" will not be returning for these pies...
1	If I could I'd give zero stars! I ordered 2.5 hours ago and the food just barely got here. The pizza had been sitting out for so long it was barely Luke warm and the cheese had gotten a hard like plasticity feel and taste to it. With all the time they took to get here you'd think they could at least give me more then 1 packet of ketchup for my fries (asked for xtra). To top things off the driver was extremely rude and tried to step in my house to grab the food when I called his work to discuss his behavior. Very disappointed and will NEVER ORDER AGAIN! Oh and to top if off they gave me 79cent soda from frys for my coke that I paid 2.50 for. This place sucks and had I known I could post pics on here I would posted a picture of it. My good friend was with me who just happens to be a cook at a fine dining restaurant in the area and choose toaster strudels over the crap presented so rudely at my door!
4	The only reason I didn't rate it five stars was because of the screwed up delivery. The food is delicious and they took care of me for messing up our order. #7 (the best of everything) is about the best sandwich ever.
1	Wow, where to begin?  We just moved to Anthem from Dallas Texas and were looking for a great pizza/Italian place to eat at, but this is NOT the place.  We entered and there were only two other  dinners in the place, one was a family of 5 and the other was a family of 3, we were a party of 2.  We were seated and told that are waitress would be with us in just a minute.  Well, that minute turned out to be about 10 minutes.  Having had time to read the menu about a dozen times while we waited, when our waitress finally did show up we were ready to order but she ask us if we wanted to put in a drink order?  Really???  So we did put in an order for 2 glasses of wine and asked for water as well.  About 10 minutes later we received our wine (very small pour indeed) and no water?  As we were waiting for our food order (I'll get to that train wreck in just a minute) we noticed that the other two occupied tables were having issues with their orders and all we could hear was the waitress consistently apologizing, we also watch as the other tables food was delivered, ONE freaken plate at a time, first one child got some breadsticks, then about 4 minutes later the other child got a salad, then about 10 minutes later the father got his order, then they apparently asked for water and it was delivered ONE glass at a time by the same server (not waiter???) then we experienced the same absolutely mind numbing food delivery, with the exception that I had ordered the 10" pizza (which was pretty good after a 20 minuet wait) but my wife had ordered a chicken pasta dish, which we never received.  The waitress brought the pizza and two plates and started to walk away and I ask where my wife's meal was and she looked stunned, walked away and came back and told us that she had turned in the order but the "kitchen" must have misread it, but she would re-enter the order, well that was about 2 glasses of wine each and one very small pizza later, which had already taken about 55 minutes....duh!  So we simply told her to cancel the order and we would just pay for the pizza and wine and be happy to leave.  It was one of the worst dinning experiences we have ever had.  The "manager" was there, tending a small bar, at which NO ONE was sitting, but he did manage to go and clean the back door glass while all of his customers were waiting for service.  It was a totally dysfunctional, totally unacceptable experience and I doubt that we will ever return, unless my wife bets me that it couldn't possible be that bad on a second visit and I might be willing to accept that "sure bet"!!!  Unfortunately in Anthem the dinning options are very limited and even the Legend Sports Bar (well, sort of a sports bar) is failing as it changes management???  I ordered a pizza there last  week and was told after a 15 minute wait that they had no cheese for the pizza because the whole kitchen/management team just weren't ordering any food?  Wow, what a way to make a transition in business ownership!!! Someone please help these clueless owners/managers!!
2	I ordered from this store this evening while General Manager Jimmy was on duty and my order was incorrect.  The french fries were not fresh and they neglected to send my 2nd order of macaroni salad.  I called to advise them of their error and was passed off to Jimmy who did not offer to compensate me for my trouble. He would be glad to send me what I paid for but would have to pay for my antipasto salad which i requested in place of my error in ordering the gluten free salad. This is the second time i have had a problem at this store.  This will be the last time i place an order with any Streets of New York.
1	We felt like Italian tonight.. really wish we'd gone elsewhere though..Our party numbered three tonight so we each ordered somethin different. 1: calzone with 3 toppings =$12.00 2: Italian beef sandwich with pasta salad=$9.95 3: antipasto=$10.95 1 water, 1 ice tea & 1 rootbeer $2.70 per drink..Total bill was just over $40.00Not really bad for three people.. as long as the food and service are good..We had the short ,dark haired waitress(avoid her if possible).The first round of drinks was fine. But we had to be rather obvious to get refills. The second ice tea made us all choke(yes we all tried it).The menu stated that eat in customers received complimentary cheese bread.. we never did.. we sat watching as the other waitress brought out basket after basket of bread to her tables.. our waitress stood eating and drinking and chatting..the other waitress actually took care of her customers.As for the food.. a waste of money for the most part..We all tried everything we ordered and agreed that the only things we liked were the calzone and pasta salad.The antipasto was okay but not worth the cost.The Italian beef sandwich was awful. It tasted of blood but the meat was over cooked. It lacked any other flavor..We saw no reason to complain as we doubted anything would have been done.I actually hated leaving the $5.00 tip for our waitress but I didn't have any smaller bills.. I wouldn't have left a tip at all but I feared a scene with the waitress.. She seemed the type to complain about the lack and chase after you when you left..All in all.. we won't be back.. and I'll be sure to warn my friends..
4	Love the food, quality, and cleanliness. The staff Jimmy and Austin were both friendly and helpful and customer oriented. The few times I've been in though the female servers were standing around chatting about their personal things loudly and not tending to tables as quickly as they should, that is what kept me from giving a five star. Otherwise, awesome place to eat.
4	Great pizza that is very affordable and they deliver!Being from Chicago I was hesitant to try New York style pizza again. When I visited the Big Apple all the pizza I had was complete garbage, but Streets of New York has the right stuff. They have a great variety of menu options that could please any pizza lover. Streets of New York just jumped up to the top of my go-to list of places I will order in for pizza. I have been riding the pizza struggle bus ever since I moved out to Phoenix a year and half ago. Until now I had only found solace in very high end pizza restaurants. This evening we ordered a thin crust pepperoni pizza and the "Flagship Pizza". Both pizzas were great! Streets of New York uses really fresh ingredients to make their pizzas that are quality and it is reflected in the taste of the pizza.I will definitely be ordering from here again.
