4	Wow! Great new yogurt shop in the Grayhawk area... yummy good.
5	This is the perfect yogurt place. It's brand new, and I have been to a few competitors, but this is small, and simple. It also had a bunch of rad toppings like cream puffs, rice mochis, and pomegranate seeds. I had the peanut butter/chocolate mix, it was amazing. Best thing about this place... open til 10 pm on weekdays, 11pm on weekends... FINALLY! A perfect local yogurt place worth a trip.
4	This is a great little fro-yo place. Very clean inside with tasty yogurt and enough toppings (must be close to 50) to make your dessert weigh a full pound if you're not careful. Just wish they would change their flavors a little more often.
5	Yogurtology is one of the best fro-yo places I've ever been to. I really like that it's self serve so I can do exactly what I want with the large number of different ice cream flavors (10ish) and topping options (50ish). What really sets this place apart is that the frozen yogurt actually tastes good. The butterfinger fro yo (my favorite) really does taste like a butterfinger bar. The salted caramel and cupcake batter are also exceptional. The self pick toppings are out of this world. There is all the fresh fruit you could want, but who wants fresh fruit when ever chocolate bar and baked good is available for you to mix in?! Heath bar, crushed butterfinger, twix, snickers, reeses peanut butter cups, M&M's, reeses pieces, peanut M&M's, moon pies, donuts, cookie dough, etc etc etc. It really is other wordly. Then there is every sauce option - caramel, chocolate, peanut butter, nutella, cake frosting, marshmallow, butterscotch, etc etc etc. It really is heaven. They keep the place super clean and it's open relatively late (and if it's closed, go next door to Fry's and visit their awesome bakery).
4	I'm pretty easy when it comes to my yogurt needs. Give me a cup of the "original" flavor with some sliced almonds and a bit of dark chocolate chips and I'm good to go. I don't need none of that crazy Cheesecake flavor or boba or pound cake mix-ins. There's just something very satisfying about the tangy original flavor with the crunch of almond and the sweet and bitter dark chocolate. Fricken yum.Unfortunately, yogurtology didn't have any almond slices, so I went with mini dark chocolate chips and coconut. Which is not a bad combo, if I do say so myself! Note: you're supposed to ask an associate for any samples, which I did not realize at the time because I don't read signs and there wasn't an associate around at the time anyway. Whoops.
2	Really disappointed.  We walked into the store at10:35 last Friday night and they had already removed all the toppings and were closing up.  Even though they were supposed to be open until 11:00The kid running the shop was a jerkA friend was there earlier on the week around 7:30 and had to leave because they were cleaning the floors with a vile smelling solutionBeware
4	Local place, great "posted" hours of operation. I love the selections but I really wish they didn't pre-close 30-45 minutes early. I love froyo, but I don't want to assume I can go somewhere because it's open, only to find out---  nah they just say that, the employees want the hell out of there so they make sure they don't have to stay more than 12 seconds past posted closing time. I get it, I don't wana stay later than needed at my job either. My recommendation, change the posted hours and scheduled employee shifts to allow closing after the people will think you've actually shut down for the day- like most businesses. Other than this slightly annoying scheduling mis-hap, love this place, and will continue to come.. If I can do the math on closing times that is! Ha
5	Great selection.  Even dairy free was tasty.   Wide variety of toppings.  Yummy.  Kids loved it and so did I :)
