5	Colorado River Coffee Roasters roasts some of the best tasting coffee I have ever drank, and it is so geographically close to me! I love how delicate and flavorful their roasts are, and I love how many businesses are starting to serve their coffee (Sambalatte, Bread & Butter, Great Harvest Bread Company, to name a few). I received one of their gift boxes for Christmas, and the care they put into its assembly is awesome. The Sumatra roast is my personal favorite. Major props to CRCR!
5	OMG!!!!!!   This is the best coffee i've had in my life!!!!!  And to think that its local?!?!?!  So, glad that i've been enlightened w/ the taste and aroma of this coffee!!!!!  I'm a true fan & totally hooked!!!!
5	If my recent coffee obsession has taught me anything, it's that fresh beans are a must. Ideally, your coffee beans should be no more than a few weeks from the roast date and they should be ground immediately before use with a quality burr grinder.That's where CRCR comes in. My current bag of their Redwall Espresso blend had just run about out, so I figured what better time to visit the roastery?Meeting Erik and Jana, it's clear that this isn't really a job for them; it's a passion. Erik enthusiastically explained everything about the process from green bean to perfect roast. Our visit ended up being much more than I anticipated.If you can't find the time to visit (Monday seems to be the best day), you can order from their web site. You'll get a bag of your choice that's roasted to order.More info and photos: http://www.paolodlr.com/2013/10/colorado-river-coffee-roasters.html
5	After I found out some of the local coffee shops I liked used a local roaster, I went looking online for these guys. After ordering from them the first time, it became apparent I needed to step up my home coffee game - I used to buy the coffee sold at Whole Foods that they roast there which is okay but improperly stored, so unless you get it right when it's roasted, you're not getting anything special. CRCR is always quick to get my order to me within a few days of being placed, and it's always great, since it's properly sealed and fresh. My personal favorite is the Ethiopan Sidamo coffee, which is only available during certain times of year, sadly - they say it's got blueberry hints, these are really apparent when the coffee is super fresh: last time I had the Sidamo, I got it a day or two after roasting, the first few brews from that batch had more than a "hint" of blueberry... delicious! Other than that, I'm a fan of the Rio/Java blend and the Brazil Microlots, both of which are kind of "chocolatey" (made up word, but you get the drift). This is coffee you don't need any cream or sugar for.I love what I get from these guys and wholeheartedly recommend everyone buy from them. They've become my go-to for coffee, though I'll occasionally order from other places like Cuvee or La Colombe for variety's sake, it's really hard to beat getting coffee so fresh so fast through the mail. It's a little more expensive than just buying beans at the store, but worth spending the extra $6-8.
5	The best coffee I've ever had.  Time to stock up again.
5	Went here for the first time today, as I was out of coffee beans, and heard that Sambalatte uses these guys.  First impression was... it's tucked away in a nondescript industrial park building, with a very small sign.  Counter that with friendly and helpful staff both on the phone and face to face.. and a facility that is spotless.. and smells like fantastic coffee.  I expected to just do a quick in and out, but ended up getting caught up in a conversation about roasting and favorite beans and flavor and.. well, the employees are passionate, the facility is spotless inside, the beans are outstanding, and the price, at about $12 a pound, equal to some of the more preferential pound big name coffee chain blends, only.. so much better in taste I wouldn't blink at paying double, and still feel like I had a great deal.  Yes, it's really that good.  And yes, the people who work there are some of the best, more knowledgeable, and low-key (read - not snobs) folks I've ever had the pleasure to meet, who clearly not only have a passion for roasting great coffee, but also for providing perfect customer service.
