2	Clean taxi but these people are unreliable. 30 minutes late when I needed a cab ride to the airport. They already "picked me up" without even calling to tell me the taxi was here. Poor service.
2	I only live about 15 minutes from the airport, so typically a cab is the easiest way to get home without hassling someone to pick me up.   I got into the cab and saw a credit card machine which was good because I only had $24 on me.   I told this to the cab driver and he got onto the freeway informed me that the machine doesn't always work, but  if it doesn't I'll take you to the closest ATM.... As a girl, it's not the most comfortable situation, getting cash while a cab driver is waiting in the car... with your belongings!  Unfortunately the cab fare was $28 and the machine wasn't working... so there I was at the ATM.  It ended up not being the most convenient options since it added about 15 minutes onto my trip and the $2.50 ATM fee.   The driver was nice, the cab was clean, but don't advertise that you take CC and not have the machine work!
4	Compared to my other experience with a cab company in Phoenix, the AAA Yellow Cab was like the heavens parting and saving me. (See clean air cab for the traumatic story of before).Not wanting a repeat of our frightening first night in Phoenix we decided to go with a cab company we actually  recognized and I'm so glad we did. When they arrived they came into our hotel lobby to find us and called out my name, I'm glad they did because I was expecting a yellow cab and it was a white cab with "AAA Yellow Cab" written on the side. I didn't even know they were the same company!The driver knew the area we were going to, asked for the address before starting the meter and plugged it into the GPS. We got there with no trouble, the cab was clean, the driver and his co-driver (who I think was in training) were polite and told us random facts about Phoenix as we were driving as soon as they found out we were from out of town. Their credit card machine wasn't working yet but they did have a hand CC machine to take them. Although it was a little more expensive than other companies, the money was worth it for my safety and sanity!!
1	It took me an hour and a half to get home from work this morning.I work at St Lukes Medical Center at 1800 e. Van Buren and was sitting on the wall out side the main entrance where the flagpole is.Nothing could be simpler.I don't have a cell phone.So I had to periodically go back in and use the phone at the front desk. I was told the driver said I wasn't there.I was the ONLY person in sight.The driver and I couldn't possibly have missed each other.I called about five times.I use this company several times a week to get home (about 4 miles) and usually it takes no longer than ten minutes to be picked up.As the time stretched on,the employees became increasingly rude and eventually kept hanging up on me.I finally called another company when one of triple A's drivers finally showed up. I don't have luggage.I'm alone and pay cash and always tip.You'd think the company would value a customer like this three times a week.Apparently not.Harold Roush
1	If you need to anywhere in a timely manner, avoid AAA yellow cab at all costs! I called for a cab to take me to the airport this morning, and was told that it would take 5 to 15 minutes for my cab to arrive. Perfect because i had plenty of time. After 10 minutes I took all of my bags out to the curb, and proceeded to wait for another 30 minutes. Because my 15 minutes cab wait took 40 minutes i ended up missing my flight.I called AA yellow cab asking them for a complimentary ride back home from the airport, and they refused. I was told that they recommend 2 hours for airport pickup, which I was not told when I made the call for pickup. If I had any idea that it could potentially take that long, I would have arranged for other transportation.  The agent was also unable to put me in contact with a supervisor. I was told I would get a phone call three days later after a "full investigavtion" had been done. This sounds to me like customer service code for "you'll never hear from us again." There are cab companies in Phoenix that you can rely on. AAA Yellow cab isdefinitely NOT one of them.
1	I accidentally left my keys in the cab and it was the biggest nightmare ever getting my keys back.  I called the dispatcher and they refused to give me the drivers cell phone number and they told me they were going to call the driver and that "If the driver has the keys he will bring them to me at the airport".  Finally after calling several people they told me that the driver said he found the keys and was returning them to the lost and found.This is where the nightmare started. I called several times after that and spoke with several people to see if my keys were ever returned. I kept getting bounced around from person to person each person telling me when I described them that the keys were nowhere to be found. Finally somebody told me that they found my keys and were writing my name "David" on a sticky and putting them in a safe place. My fears were resolved.I got back to Phoenix and they offered to drive the keys to me but in exchange I would have to pay the cab fare (which I had no problem doing). I agreed to this but first they made me fax all sorts of documents and pictures of my credit cards. This was a huge headache. When it was all done they told me a driver will be at my house within an hour with the keys. The driver finally shows up and it's the wrong keys!!!! I called back Triple A and they refused to talk to me or answer any questions and were now very rude to me on the phone.  I told them that I wanted to email them a picture of exactly what my keys looked like and if they could just go through again and match the picture with the keys, it would help me out knowing that they had my keys and I won't have to waste a bunch of money on a cab to drive out there. They refused and told me I would have to come myself.I finally called up a different cab company (because they were rude to me on the phone, I wasn't going to give them any more of my business) and had Vip Taxi drive me out to Triple A Yellow Cab to go on the hunt for my keys.I got to the Triple A Yellow cab and their lost and found was a complete mess. They had sunglasses, phones, keys, credit cards, and drivers licenses all in a big box. It took 15 minutes for one of the higher ups but he found my keys. Now why couldn't I have just emailed them my picture and they could have gone through the keys until they found mine? This is what my mom calls "Penny wise but pound foolish".  They might have thought I was wasting their time and that I spent enough of their time already thus they ended the call, but now they've lost a customer for life. Was it a good business move to blow me off and risk losing a customer?
1	AAA yellow cab is clueless.  I set up a time to be picked up and they made me miss my flight because they only dispatched 1 taxi to pick me up when the Mesa airport was 5 minute from my house and I had to wait on phone over 25 minute to get them to dispatch a taxi that would pick me up.  I missed my flight home to WA state and now I have to arrive home 5 hours later while kids are already asleep. I wouldn't recommend to anyone....
1	Called for a cab from the hospital, but instead of 15 minutes, waited almost an hour.  Claimed there was some mixup.  When the cab did come, the driver drove past the front area I was waiting and almost left the area.  Had to run after him.  DId not open the door either at the start of the trip or the end of the trip.  AC was running, but felt like the heater was on in 90+degree weather.  Would not recommend to anyone.  Triple AAA should be renamed Triple ZZZ.
2	Triple A is a convenient name because they triple charged my credit card when the credit card machine wasn't working, which the drivers and other yelpers say is a really common problem. I disputed two of the three charges and they insist that there was no third payment. I'm looking at my account right now and, yup, there's the charge with no refund from a month ago. So they've had my money all this time and they're arguing with me because... ??? Stay away from Triple A unless you're ok with paying multiple times for one cab ride and/or enjoy spending A LOT of time disputing charges.That cab driver was nice though. I took the cab home from the airport and we spent an extra 10 or so minutes trying to get the credit card machine to work which was frustrating at the end of a long day of travelling. The CC machine was looking like it wasn't working and was saying that the transaction didn't go through. So I don't blame the driver. But wow, if a business triple charges me and then fights me on whether I should get refunded for 2/3 charges, that is an enormous problem.Update: they ended up refunding the two extra charges. Phew! But save yourself the headache and only go with Triple A if you have cash. At the Phoenix Airport, I have just asked the cab coordinator to get me a different cab company if I didn't have cash and this has worked out just fine.
1	I can't give this a zero, so I guess one star is bad enough. Reserve online? They either lose the reservation or don't bother. The customer service is lousy, and like to lie often. The cs agent named Jose, if that's his real name, claimed a cab would arrive in five minutes, and outward lie. Fifteen minutes later, when I called back, I was informed my reservation meant nothing to them, they had other people waiting. By the way, I had reserved the cab the night before. One word summarizes this company: scumbags.
1	Is there less than a one star? WORST cab experiences EVER! I travel extensively for buisness and have never ever encountered such ignorance, incompetence and hostility.First cab driver got horribly lost. He claimed his GPS didn't work. A $50 cab ride turned into a $90 ride! Then, he called me repeatedly (I didn't answer). When I finally did answer, he harassed me on the phone after I was at my hotel to be sure I didn't "complain". Are you kidding me????Ride back to the airport was no better. My client booked the ride and when I got to the cab there was a very mean, harassing phone call from a dispatcher chewing me out for not being on time. My client booked one ride, then cancelled and booked a second for 15 min later. Dispatcher decided to yell at me instead. Lucky I saved the voice mail. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?Who operates a business this way? What a disturbing and unpleasant experience!I did try to contact Yellow Cab directly, to speak with them before posting this. But they weren't interested.
