5	Phoenix D/C/B Hospital is fantastic. The staff is friendly and helpful.
2	Not sure if it was an off day for the doctor but it was not a great experience. We just adopted our dog from animal control and were getting her wellness visit completed to make sure she was doing okay.  The doctor had no personality, barely acknowledged us and did not offer any valuable information even after asking questions. The receptionist and vet staff, aside from the doctor, were super friendly.
4	Best kitty vet I have ever been to... and that is a long list.  Dr B and staff are faaannnntastic.  They are always available - and when one of my cats had surgery the vet gave me her cell phone number in case there were complications and I needed to get a hold of her. My cat is also very nervous but when Dr. B walks in the room and pets her she immediately relaxes. Only 4 stars because the cost  of procedures seem higher than other vets.
5	Best vet I have found (for cats, can't speak for any other type of animal as I don't have any).The vets are fantastic, knowledgeable, great with the cats. The office is clean, and doesn't smell of wet animal (which vets office often do). The staff are all very helpful and kind. And it is incredibly easy to make an appointment, either online or over the phone. If you live in the area and need a vet, I would definitely recommend that you check them out.
5	I have a dog now, and can verify for anyone wondering that they are just as great with dogs as they are with cats. My dog absolutely loves going to the vet (I know, super weird) and runs up to greet everyone there because they are all just so friendly and kind to him. They always make sure that he is comfortable during every procedure, and help me to make decisions that make sense from a health standpoint as well as a financial standpoint.Absolutely recommend.
5	They were phenomenal with my cat!! I was so nervous not knowing what was wrong with him but Dr. B. and the rest of the staff not only made my cat feel as comfortable as possible, but me as well. Clean, friendly, easily accessible!I highly recommend this vet for everyone!
5	We were traveling from Houston, TX, to northern California, when our very elderly Boston Terrier started yipping and crying, unable to be comforted.  With my iPhone, I used the net and found the Phoenix Dog Cat Bird Hospital.  I called and explained the situation, and they said to come right in.  Our dear Maggie was diagnosed with a bleeding abdominal mass, and we knew her time had come to cross the Rainbow Bridge.  I cannot say enough how wonderfully the staff treated us as we made this difficult and gut-wrenching decision.  Maggie quietly went to heaven and was out of pain.  They followed up with a personal note of condolence, and when Maggie's ashes are ready, they will send them to us.  It was a very sad time, but their kindness and caring meant the world to us.  Everyone of the staff members was great, but Tanya was particularly wonderful.  I will be forever grateful to her.   Thank you
