5	I am new to Cigna Medicare Advantage.  From the very first contact with everyone on January 31, February 1 and February 2, my experience has been extremely positive.  Everyone I had contact with was friendly, courteous, helpful, welcoming.  That was so important after years of not having health insurance and suffering major consequences because of it.  I don't expect a perfectly positive experience every time, as everyone has a bad day once in a while, but I just had to mention how pleased I am to be able to have this insurance and how pleased I am at the treatment I received from the sales rep, the entire staff at the Scottsdale Rd. location, the lab and pharmacy at 38th and Bell, and the follow-up manager.My neighbor has lived Arizona for most of her life.  She mentioned that Cigna is wonderful when I was in the process of choosing a plan.  I didn't quite believe her because of a previous bad experience years ago with a different HMO, but she was right.  Thank you Cigna!
5	I have switched to the Paradise Valley Medical Center, Dr. Jason Angle. Everyone at this office is SUPER NICE, helpful, friendly and they make your time there a really positive experience. The pharmacy is located across the lobby from the medical offices (on the same floor), very convenient. The pharmacy workers are all wonderful as well. They have walk-in lab facilities and walk-in shots at certain times of year. Very convenient.Do yourself a favor and check out this office if you're in the market for a doctor's office.
5	Our employer switched providers this year and we had to leave Cigna. We will deeply miss them. Dr. Jason Angle is the best. He is very professional and friendly. It is really hard to find a physician that really listens and dedicates time to each patient like he does. Every one else in this medical center is very friendly and they provide outstanding service. Stephanie at the lab is awesome. Troy, Michael, Kim... All of them. Thanks a lot for your help through out the years.
5	This is an update, a direct esponse to "Todd H." below.VERY LITTLE about Todd H.'s review is accurate. It is snide, condescending, sarcastic and simply inaccurate.The guy he describes as "not looking busy"  is NOT a new employee. Quite the contrary. His name is Troy and he is awesome. Very helpful, conscientious and efficient. And that's based on 3-1/2 yrs of dealing with him.I love Dr. Angle and his staff, and the pharmacy too. I assure you that NONE of the pharmacy workers have glazed eyes and bored looks. They too are very friendly and helpful. More than once, one of them has gone out of their way to help me in a crisis (over the phone).SHAME ON YOU TODD H. STOP TAKING OUT YOUR BAD DAY/BAD ATTITUDE ON INNOCENT PEOPLE, AND GET YOUR S*** WIRED PROPERLY! I DON'T KNOW WHAT SPARKED YOUR ACERBIC REVIEW OF CMG-PV BUT IT IS HIGHLY INACCURATE AND UNWARRANTED. IF YOU WERE TREATED BADLY OR UNFAIRLY MAYBE IT WAS YOUR SCREWED UP ATTITUDE HMMMMM?
