4	Well what can I say, It's a dirty job but somebodys gotta do it!And Jiffy knows how to Lube me the right way~Aside from the desperate up-selling they do every time I go in,(would you like a new air filter, wiper blades , tire rotation etc.) it really is quick and convenient.Their waiting room is pretty grungy though so thank goodness I don't have to stay long.Along with the oil change they also top off all the fluids and put air in my tires, But what I really like is that they vacuum my floors and clean my windshield as part of the service and that bumps them up to 4 stars!
2	1. went for oil change2. said it'll be 10mins. manager greets me and is very nice3. waiting area is clean4. young man from nebraska tries to upsell me over 600$ in stuff... i think overkill!  he was not in a pleasent mood once my guy friend walked over- he didnt make eye contact or even smile5. 15 mins.still waiting..... young man came in said it's going to take longer because whoever changes  my oil is doing it wrong.6.37dollars for an oil change when i coulda driven a lil further and been happier!   I will never go back customer service is huge!
1	I come here religiously to get the oil changed in my bosses Cadillac.  At this point, I know more about that car than anyone else in the world.  I know how many miles it's at and how many more miles to go until it needs the oil changed, the tires rotated, the fuel system cleaned and when it needs a new air filter - it's sure as hell not every single time I bring it in!   It never fails though that they pull out that perfectly white air filter and tell me I need a new one.   I use to quip back "it's recommend that the filter be changed every 15,000 miles, it's only been 4,500."  I'm past that point, now I just give them the "I take no bullshit" look and they say "you know on second thought, it doesn't need to be replaced."  I'm sick of these guys but my boss insists I go here and he always gets what he wants.
1	I just recently moved here from Texas and this is the first place I went to for an oil change. The first time service was fine. I expect people to attempt the up-sale on items and they do. That's their job. However I expected the work to be done right. For 3000 miles after the first change I've had an oil leak. The second 3000 miles the oil leak worsened and caused problems with my engine. I went to them between that time and I was told oils full and no leaks were evident but the oil light kept coming on. I checked myself and the leaks were both in evident spots with the oil filter being one. $300 later and a second opinion I'm good to go. I never comment on things like this but that shows me that they don't care about taking care of your cars but more about the money spent upon visit.
4	I have been to a couple different "quick" oil change places around the area and this is my favorite one. Phillip is great at letting you know what your car needs and more importantly doesn't need. Meaning he did not try to up sell me on products I did not need. Great place! Plan on getting all my oil changes here in the future.
4	This place was right off the freeway on my way to Tucson.  I loved that it wasn't busy at all and I was able to get in and out.  The guys working here were friendly and didn't try to up-sell me at all.
1	Awful service, and terrible treatment.  I have gone here Jiffy lubes all over the country, and I have to say these guys are the exception,  They are constantly trying to push unneeded or unnecessary service (like replacing a battery with half a charge stating that it could go at anytime).  Whenever I have received service from this, my vehicle always runs low on oil after about 3500 miles.  When I receive service at other locations, I have not had any of these problems,.  That is why I will not return to this specific Jiffy Lube.
1	This franchise group can care less about their customers.  I had a problem they contacted me quickly, went to look at my vehicle then never responded to my questions again.  I have never been treated so poorly by any establishment and this franshise group had the worst customer service ever.  I read their BBB complaints and they denied every single one, just like mine.  I recommend going to brakes lus or any other company, they are very nice, kind and half the cost of Jiffy Lube.
