2	Usually, when you go to hole in the wall places the food is always exceptional and worth the trip. However, in this case it was the exact opposite. The food was not that good. I was actually disappointed. I was expecting kick ass carne asada or al pastor tacos. To my dismay, I had better food at a Baja Fresh in an all gringo neighborhood. Minus three stars for wasting my trip to North LV. Historical Note: This place used to be a Boston Pizza # 5 a long long time ago in a galaxy far far away.
5	So I'm not sure what the other guy was talking about Rigo's is awesome, the food is amazing and cheap, I eat there once or twice a week. It's not just me either, I'm in the military and everybody in my shop loves Rigos. We even have Rigos Wednesdays haha. If someone mentions Rigos I have to go there. I highly recommend this place!
3	This is simple the food is awesome. The service is kinds lousy and for that -2. Every time I go I see my self getting almost the same thing(carne asada burrito add cheese) unless hungover I get menudo.(very seldom) but every time they forget that cheese I am all like I paid for it, so I want it. The food is awesome. :)
1	Boo-urns. This place was awesome back in the day. Now its complete garbage. We went there today and the place looked kinda skanky, thought it was just cause we were there in a slow time of day. Nope its just shitty now. We ordered super nachos and tacos. well they were out of Chicken and elpasdor (spelling?) . So we went with Carne Asada. It took them about 15 minutes to make our food ( which I dont mind if im waiting for fresh good food ). And when we got home we realized that our nachos were fries! Wah wah wah. And they were gross, not fried all the way through and the Carna Asada tasted like it was from a horse rather than a cow. Im sad that this place sucks now. But they seem to not care about the customers anymore and for that I say " Shame on you Rigos Tacos ". I will drive a little further for Tacos El Gordo next time.
4	Very authentic. The place seems to be a little run down comparably to other similar restaurants. The food those is extremely tasty. I have never had a bad experience with the food.
5	The best Chile relleno I have ever had!  I was so impressed with this place.  Definitely will be returning.
3	Well when they say cheese they mean nacho cheese! If I wanted nacho cheese I could have made my own food! It was soggy an an kinda gross but my husband loved his burrito! So at least one of us was happy!
1	I ordered super nachos to go and paid with the credit card. When I reviewed my receipt at home I noticed the cashier took it upon herself to give herself a tip without my permission. This is considered theft and she should be fired and arrested for stealing from a customer. This is so unbelievable and I am beyond upset known this type of thing happens. The cashier knew there was no way I would catch it cause I didn't have to sign the receipt. Please be very careful if you visit the restaurant and have to pay with your credit or debit card.
