3	How can you not like a place with a name like that?  Well, it's actually easy for two reasons.  One is because the menu is so littered with the word "Al"  that it's almost impossible to read in some places.  A few places might be cute, but as many as this has is a bit over the top.Two is that this place is best regarded as a sports bar, not a place to eat.  If you do that, it's probably okay.  But if you want service where you sit down and actually receive service, you're likely to be disappointed.If you don't mind either of those things, it's not bad.  The food is actually decent and the portions are pretty good.  You can almost always take something home, even if you just get a sandwich.  The prices aren't bad either.
3	Seems like a good bar atmosphere if that's what you're after, but the pizza is just ok. The other food is pretty good, but portions are not satisfying at all.
3	Decent Food and decent price.  Overall the service needs improvement and I think they should remodel the place.  It is not very family friendly.
3	went back to big al's last week after not being there for a while and while the food was good as always, I have to echo what the last poster her from April stated. The place is a sh-thole.....dirty inside and out, bathrooms seriously look like the urinals could come out of the walls and the toilets are terrible, everything on the walls looks like it was last cleaned in 1999, ceiling tiles look even older and saggy in spots...I first started going there in 1992-3 and seriously i don't think ANYTHING there has been changed or updated since then, or even cleaned much, inside or out. Theres a big difference in trying to be a "dive" type bar and just a place where its obvious no one cares about the place.....also they've had that big muddy lot beside them for 20 yrs; take some patio pavers or lay some gravel down and get the ton of people who are littering your sidewalk smoking off to the side where you don't have to wade thru them.....you guys make a ton of dough there..invest some of it
5	Love Big Al's  I always say support your neighborhood restaurants over the big chains if/wehn they are deserviing of support.  Big Al's earns our support.I am a big fan of the nachos where they are very accomodating.  For me no lettuce; no onions; no jalapenos; no sala extra sour cream.  There chili is great where I am a big eater yet always take home leftover when I order as my meal.Great wings too...pay extra to have them run them thru the pizza oven.
4	This bar was a lot of fun! I loved the cheap/reasonably priced drinks, I loved the diverse crowd. I can't speak for the food since I ate elsewhere before the bar but overall atmosphere gets 5 stars. One thing I would like to say, this place needs to check who they allow to play live music in there. The guys who played Saturday 3/1, Kevin Marshall and Scott Sutton, were incredibly racist and made no qualms about it in their songs. I'm a white guy and I was extremely offended by their ignorance. If you read this, Big Al's, don't let these a-holes play in your bar anymore. Also, they were way too loud. Good bar for a night out with friends, just check the schedule for live music and make sure the aforementioned "musicians" aren't there.
4	My best friend and I have been coming here for years and years... like 14! We used to go every week purely for the Buff-which sandwich and their amazingly good sweet tea. Now we go maybe once or twice a year when we suddenly remember we haven't been in forever since neither of us lives anywhere near there anymore. The food never fails and the prices are good. I've never had issues with service here like some other reviewers. True they tend to leave you alone to eat in peace and if you need something I can see how that would be annoying. Otherwise it's perfectly adequate service. As for the cleanliness of the place, first of all it's a bar and it looks like a bar. It's always rather dark in there and hard to see and it hasn't really been updated much but honestly it's a local bar lol.  Not sure what people are expecting.  Honestly I come here when I'm feeling nostalgic and want a great chicken sandwich/fries and sweet tea :-)
1	Aweful service. You don't feel welcome at this place. I live close by and thought i d have a place to go if i don't want to drive but they won't see me or my friends, never again!
2	Used to love this place. But they are always rude and they never fail to get my order terribly wrong.
5	I have been coming to this exact place since I was just five years six years old! The wings are amazing! The best in North Carolina, for sure! The people are always friendly, no matter how busy of a night it is. I have tried the wings, pizza, fried pickles, burgers, and hot dogs! Never have I once been disappointed, EVER! Favorite place to go eat! I highly recommend it to people that haven't been before. :)
4	Stopped here for the first time the other night and it was pretty good for bar food. It was crowded, not a place to go if you're a woman by yourself, I was picking up a to go though. Everyone was friendly, food was good, (nachos could have been warmer), but this is assuredly a hang out for men. Decent food at a great price, will definitely be back.
1	The service was pretty spectacularly poor. There was one server for the entire pub and while it was relatively slow we rarely saw our server.  After waiting 40 minutes for a pizza we inquired as to the status of our food, for which she gave us attitude, and later emerged to tell us the pizza just went in the oven. When it finally arrived it was decent, definitely not bad, but also not worth an hour+ wait. This place is good for a big group of people who are there to drink and content with appetizers arriving....eventually. But for a couple out to dinner, avoid it.
4	My first time going to this place. It wasn't to crowed when we got there, but once it reached a certain time (past 10pm) the atmosphere changed. Which I didn't mind, because I'm from NY which means I'm a city girl.The service was good also. Even though it was getting busy the waiter kept coming and asking if we needed anything. I will definitely go back.
