5	I always look forward to a haircut with my fave Barber, David. $13 always gets me the cut I want. I used to head down to a another Barber off of Central Ave but never got the haircut I wanted. Now I never have to worry about that. So if you're ever in need of a Barber shop cut, give David or one of his gals a try. Cheers!
5	I love this Barber Shop.  Other shops are charging $30 or $40 or more for a good hair cut/trim, but David nails it for only $13.  He knows who I am on sight, he remembers my haircut, and he gets it done quickly.  To top it off, he shaves my neck with a straight razor and hot lather, and he even scissor trims my old-man eyebrows.  I highly recommend this barber shop if you're in need of a quality cut for a great price.
5	I was very impressed with this place.. David hooked up what is probably the best haircut I've had, complete with a straight razor line up. I saw that the yelp profile says they accept credit cards, but this is false information. I had to leave to withdraw some cash and come back to pay. Bel View Barbershop is my new spot. Great service for the right price. Parking is tricky though.
5	David always takes very good care of my twin boys...he is very professional and has a pleasant demeanor when dealing with my boys..my boys love to go see David not only because he is nice but because he gives them a lalipop after ;) highly recommend David he even gave me a multiple child discount!
3	They usually give good haircuts.
5	I was in town and found Bel View Barber Shop on Yelp. This is a solid barbershop! I'm very particular about where I get my hair cut and was hesitant at first but was very pleased with the service and attention to detail. Ask for David, the owner. He's been there over 13 years and values the art of an old fashioned barbershop and scissor cut.  The price for a haircut is $14. Other places charge twice as much for the same service and lack the character and originality of a family owned and traditional barbershop. A regular haircut up the street at Groom Room at the Biltmore Fashion Park will cost you over $30. Keep it real and pay David a visit.
5	I've recently moved to the area and found this place through yelp. I like the old-fashioned atmosphere of this little barber shop. One of David's female barbers gave me a haircut and I'm impressed. With the minimal instructions that I gave, she gave me a haircut that was exactly what I wanted, in little time.
