5	I went in scared of dental work after hiding from it for many years.  The whole experience was surprisingly pleasant and not painful at all.  Great, nice, gentle people!  I had Dr Larson
5	Check out our team with updated pictures and services! https://www.facebook.com/paradisehills.dental
5	I can honestly say I enjoyed getting my front crown replaced by Dr. Heday.  It was easier than the original and the staff were genuinely caring and kind which helped put me at ease.  Now my crown looks natural, not a joke like my last dentist had left it, longer than the tooth next to it.  Since I had it fixed, my lisp is gone and I have even gotten a new girlfriend and a promotion at work.  Dr. Heday also was kind enough to assess some fillings from another dentist and made minor adjustments for free.
5	I'm ashamed to say that I had managed to avoid going to the dentist for many years until I found Dr. Larson's office on Yelp. I liked the fact that they were open on Saturdays and was even able to request an appointment online.     Dr. Larson was professional, friendly and had a very calming demeanor which really helped put me at ease. Being almost 7 months pregnant, I had several concerns which he patiently discussed with me and his dental assistants were friendly and personable as well.    Ultimately I received my X-rays, exam and a full cleaning (which he completed himself) for less than $100 and have a sound dental health plan going forward. I am really grateful to have found Dr. Larson's office so I don't have to be afraid of going to the dentist anymore.  :)
5	I have been to the dentistry twice now and have seen both doctors and have interacted with most of the staff. Every single one of them was extremely personable and asked how i had been since giving birthto my daughter. The doctor even asked about my husband's sleep apnea and gave me some advice on ensuring his health and well being as well. This showed me once again that they genuinely care and take a lot of pride in their work . I actually look forward to going to the dentist now and will continue to go to and recommend Paradise Hills dentistry in the future.
