5	This place rocks! A must stop if your in town looking for a unique place to eat. The food, service, decor , and concept is great. Try it for yourself.
4	Service was good and prompt. I ordered a mushroom onion burger and asked for guacamole instead of cheese. They didn't charge extra for the guac. The toppings were fresh and didn't slide around or fall off the burger. The burger was flavorful and wasn't greasy at all, but over cooked. I ordered it med-rare, it was med-well. My receipt said med-rare, so I can't fault the server.The rest of the menu looked awesome so I'll definitely go back, but I'll be trying something else.
4	the food was well prepared, the service was nice.Pros. Location, food flavors, servers.Cons. THe service was a little slow.SInce the original reivew of this place I have returned and found that I like this place more each time I do. The Food has stayed the same, well prepared, tastey. The service is slow, however I have since learned that this place does something special, they employ the challenged anad give them an opportunity that others may not. The staff is always VERY friendly. I will continue to return there.
4	Ambience interesting, staff friendly and responsive and flat break pizza tasty and more than my wife and I needed.
4	We've eaten here several times, and the food is always good. I also like it that they're helping autistic young people. The staff is very friendly. The menu has lots of delicious items - the food is really upscale for a small cafe.
5	If you're anything like me and avoid chain restaurants and fast food, then it is hard to find a good place to eat in this area.  My husband and I LOVE this place and are so happy our friend took us there righ after we moved to the area.  The soups are delicious, and we sometimes go there just for the soup.  My personal favorites are the tomato basil and cream of mushroom.  I frequently order Nora's salad, which has mixed greens, mandarin orange slices, raspberries, chicken, candied walnuts, blue cheese, and a raspberry dressing.  The portebello sandwich, wraps, and garden burgers are also very delicious.  The only time we have been disappointed with the food is when we tried the margherita pizza.  The crust wasn't anything to write home about, and it was very heavy on garlic.   The staff is always very friendly and helpful.  We love the brightly colored walls and decor.  I highly recommend this cafe for anyone looking for a good sandwich, salad, and/or soup!We
5	This is one of the best cafe in Pinal county.  If you are in the area, take the time to head off the freeway a few miles away from the chain resturants and enjoy some wonderful food and  a loving attentive wait staff.  There is always something yummy and interesting on the menu.  Enjoy this wonderful establishment!
5	Probably the best place to eat in Casa Grande! If you're looking for quality food that's reasonable priced then look no further, stop by and give them a try you will not be disappointed. Some of my favorites are the coconut shrimp, a chi wa wa burger( topped with green chile & jalapenos)  and the club. Honestly everything I have tried there is fresh and flavorful. Atmosphere is good and the staff is excellent!
4	This is one of the better places to dine in Casa Grande. The temperature of the restaurant and the speed of the service knock a star right off. It is freezing in the restaurant, and this coming from a guy that runs hot. The restaurant wasn't too crowded, so I'm not sure what was taking so long. Anyway, I ordered the Philly Cheese steak, with sweet potato fries. The Sandwich was a very good representation of a restaurant style cheese steak (not to be confused with traditional). The roll was soft and buttery, meat was very tasty and the veggies and cheese were not rationed. The sweet potato fries could have been cooked a little longer, as they were all floppy :( So if this is common practice be sure to ask for them well done. Will return! Maybe for the Reuben next time!
3	I thought that the food was very greasy and heavy...The service was a tad slow, but thats okay with me...
5	We stopped in for dinner my husband had the Aah chi wa wa burger and a cup of the tortilla soup. He loved them both! I had a cup of the soup of the day, which was a wonderful cream of mushroom, and a half of chicken salad sandwich on a croissant. It was just yummy! We also ordered onion rings as an appetizer, really good but too much for two people not that we didn't eat them! I also took a piece of their carrot cake home, we had it today and it was good, not the best ever but 4 out of 5 stars.The service is very friendly and attentive.
5	I took my niece here for her 9th birthday. We both loved the food, the atmosphere, and the service. She ordered a cheeseburger, I got the portobello mushroom sandwich. We split a gigantic cake and ice cream dessert. The brightly colored walls and artwork were great conversation-starters (i.e., "if you could paint your room any color, what would it be?"). When it came time for me to sign my credit card slip, my niece loved the fake-daisy pen. I tried to buy it from our server, but she refused to let me pay for it, and called over her manager, who gave my niece her choice of several colors! :) Made her night. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area.
3	Friendly staffCrunchy munchy wrap was yummySweet potato wedges with sriracha mayo was pretty good.Will be back.
4	Came to Casa Grande to visit my parents and Yelp'd for someplace to get lunch with the kids.  We found Creative Cafe and headed over. Overall, the place was great, friendly staff, good cause, and the food was very good. We had a Margarita pizza, it was great and bigger than expected.  Also a chef salad, which was good, but not great, and a fried chicken sandwich which was good.Prices were very reasonable and I love going to places that are independent.
5	A delightful spot for fresh, imaginative food.  I LOVE Nora's raspberry chicken salad and it's just one example of their delicious food.  They also cater and it's always a hit!
5	4.75 out of 5Pesto Wrap 4.5/5Crunchy Wrap 4.8/5Food  4.65/5Service 4.8/5Ambiance 5/5 (Bonus points for employing autistic people)This is the type of place I would frequent on a regular basis if I lived here. The service was friendly and helpful. The food was 'creative' and quite tasty and the sweet potatoes were very good.  The crunchy wrap had just the right amount of balsamic dressing and cheese, nothing overpowered the other and all ingredients were able to be distinguished.
5	This is the best place to eat in Casa Grande.  I love this place and all the people who run it.  Exceptional service and friendly always.  Ms. B
4	Great service and yummy well priced food, only gave 4 stars because closed weekends
4	Awesome atmosphere.. Love the Autism support. I recommend Nora's chicken raspberry salad!
5	My wife and I make it a point to stop in when we are in CG. Jim & his wife Tessa are great people and it shows in the way they treat their staff and guests. This place has become a real jewel for the locals. I am happy to support this fine local business which has become such an asset to its community. As far as the food is concerned, they have a very diverse menu for a small establishment. Sometimes, when I am not that hungry, I chill out with the 1/2 sandwich + chile combo and a beer. Their salads are always fresh. However, my wife and I go nuts for the Ah Chi WaWa burger, grilled to perfection and tasty (and spicy) the way I like 'em. In the past, I have tried some of their pasta dishes and found them tasty as well. Also, they have some nice desserts, but we never have room left. The portions and the prices are quite fair. I can't wait to come back....
5	THE BEST chicken salad in Arizona!  I just ate here yesterday for the first time and I know already that I will be a regular.  Their menu has something for everyone.  I had to resist and turn away from the dessert case, but everything in it looked "inviting."  I like to spend my money with locally-owned restaurants and Creative Cafe is a testament to entrepreneurship, hard work, a good product and a business that gives back to the community.  Kudos to Creative Cafe!
5	If you're traveling on the I-10 and you get hungry, drive the extra miles to this place.  It has the best food in Casa Grande and is a staple in the community.  I just visited recently.  It is such a special place.
2	Kinda bummed to be writing this review after the expectations set, but I should have known the slow reviews would mean something would go awry with my must be on time lunch for a work event. I called a day ahead and spoke with Michelle to let her know I was coming to Casa Grande the following day and would be calling with a large order... She told me that was fine and to give them my order in the morning.I spoke with Michelle in the morning and got an email address to send the orders over to so I could ensure they would all be right. I gave her payment info and confirmed delivery time and she asked if I wanted to include gratuity. I told her to call me back with a total... A few hours went by and we were nearing the time I needed lunch to be delivered by... She said she was sorry they had a busy lunch and she would again call me back with my order total but had a few questions. I asked her again if the order would be there on time and she assured me it would... However the time she quoted for the delivery driver leaving and the time on the clock didn't match- they had misunderstood the delivery date. Through our phone call which I clearly stated we were coming the following day to the email the day of with all the orders and delivery date in the subject and body of the email, I don't understand how that was missed. To top it all off, out of the 17 orders I had, mine was left back at the cafe. They did rush and get everything to us roughly 25-30 minutes after our lunch was scheduled to happen... But if you need a timely lunch or delivery, I wouldn't count on it.
4	I keep forgetting about this place.  I had heard so many good things about it but due to the fact that it is not on the main road running through town I would forget about it.  So finally the other day my girlfriend and I were getting our haircut next door and thought that we would give it a try.  What a great place.  The staff was very nice and really on top of things.  I had the Club sandwhich.  It was your typical triple decker club (turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo on wheat bread).  It was very tasty.  With that I had the sweet potato wedges, also very good.  My girlfriend had the BLT.  She said it was OK.  There is really nothing special about any BLT that I have ever had so I guess "OK" means it was good.  What these owners have done is awesome.  Working with special needs people is something that I could never do.  I am not a patient person but these people must be angels.  Keep up the good work.
5	While visiting family in Casa Grande, I stumbled upon this hidden gem. The restaurant looks small when you first enter, but just to the right, you have the green room, and around the corner to the left, you have the Bahama room. To the back of the Bahama room, they also have a bar. You can see the kitchen from the main room.  This place is huge!The owner is super sweet. She also owns Creative Labor Services located next door. They work closely with the mentally challenged & also help employ them.  That's awesome!The first time I went, I ordered the cheese quesadilla and the tuna melt with onion rings. The food was absolutely delicious and their service was great. Everyone was so friendly. The second time I visited, I ordered the Crunchy Chicken Wrap. I'm vegetarian so I replaced the chicken with portobello mushrooms. Wow! Absolutely delicious! My niece ordered the Bleu Chicken Salad and loved it as well. They have very tasty onion rings, so be sure to get some for your side.  I absolutely enjoy that they are creative with their food by adding untraditional yet tasteful ingredients.Yes, I highly recommend Creative Cafe!  The food is amazing!
5	Second visit this month.  This time we brought very good friends and you know how that usually goes.    Not this time.  Absolutely 5 stars.  The service was fantastic.  The setting so comfortable.  And the food - excellent.  Four people in our party, three different dinners, all perfect.  Price is right too.
5	Absolutely a super place to eat.  It was our first time there and a great place to eat.  It's definitely worth the trip.  We loved it.
2	Pay attention to customers instead of talking as they are obviously waiting for you at the counter.......
4	Looking for a good lunch, try this place.Excellent service, good menu selection, very reasonable prices.Liked the flat bread pizza, just right.Wait staff checked our table regularly. Will go here first on next visit to Casa Grande.
5	Awesome food and great service. Not to mention that one cook in the back with the Regular Show hat and how supa fine he is. 5 out of 5 would go back if only just to see him one more time before I leave for my hometown in Washington
4	We were on our way to Tucson by way of Casa Grande and wanted to stop for lunch. I went to Yelp for suggestions and this cafe stood out. We were greeted with a welcoming smile and instantly seated . The walls are all painted with colorful designs . Our food server Ashley came over and greeted us ( again with a smile and sincerity of glad we chose this restaurant . We told her we say the review on yelp. Ashley said 3 other customers were in today also on the way to Tucson and found the cafe on yelp. I'm a vegan and I had the shroom with sweet patatoe fries and my wife had the tuna. Both perfect. A must stop if your in Casa Grande looking for a good place.
3	Very dissapointed after reading all the good reviews. Went there for dinner with my wife last night. My wife had a salmon special & a salad. Her meal was average. I had stuffed sole with rice and a cup of soup. The soup was good but not HOT. The sole was ok, but was a prepared product and comes fully cooked. All they did was warm it up. The rice was cold and over cooked. All clumped up in balls. Terrible. They offered to replace it, but I was more than half finished. The meal was far from creative. The waitress never asked if we wanted another beer & the beer was overpriced for a Cafe. The dining room was also way to cold, I had to get our jackets from the car. I heard others complain & they finally adjusted the A/C. Over all not a pleasant experience.
5	I have a few favorites at this place (and we should, my office eats here a few times a week... read as about 4 times a week)... my favorite is the Abigail's Turkey Sandwich, the jerk turkey they use on it is amazing with the guacamole.  The staff is always awesome, they recognize my voice and usually remember my co-workers orders.  The price is moderate, and the variation of the menu let us eat here day after day and not get tired of it.  Keep up the awesome work!!!
5	I've been eating here off and on for the last six months or so and have had a chance to sample most of the items on the menu. I've never had a bad meal here and the service has always been exceptional. I treat the staff with respect and in return they do the same for me. I don't think I can recommend this place highly enough, probably one of the top 3 places in the whole town.
4	Ordered the creative burger and fries. The burger was seasoned with soy sauce basil and garlic, and it was pretty delicious. The fries were not my favorite. They were on the rubbery side. There was a gentleman that walked in shortly after me who seemed to be a regular, and he changed his fries for onion rings. I think that would be an excellent idea to follow next time I'm there. I really enjoyed the burger, so I can't wait to visit again and try other menu items.I ordered an iced tea too. Pretty standard and refreshing, but I feel like the price was a bit steep. $1.99 for a glass of unsweetened iced tea, and I didn't get any refills. The service was okay. At times it seemed I was waiting, but the server was I noticed was always moving, so I'm sure he was doing his best. He also respected my time crunch for lunch. This place is a really great find in Casa Grande.
5	This is such a cheerful spot for lunch. We met out of town friends here last week and were very impressed with the fact that it is associated with a place like Creative Labor Services. The staff was pleasant and very attentive and the food was fantastic. I definitely recommend The Creative Cafe.
4	An excellent restaurant. Quality of food is high. Imaginative menu. We have eaten here before and will do so again. Well run and well managed, but hectic before AZ.
5	Best & consistent fare in Casa Grande. Had the Tortilla soup tonight, to die for. Very friendly. Owners always on the spot. Been coming here for years & never disappointed.
4	It may be because we went out of our way to get here, but this place is not as special as I thought it would be based on the reviews. The service is fairly slow, and they burnt the gluten-free bread on the grill. The lettuce for the salad was room temperature and almost dry. While the flavor was good, there wasn't anything I would order again.
5	Just passing through town and found this great cafe not far from the interstate. The buffalo chicken and Italian wraps were delicious. Their tortilla soup has a bit of a kick and was also quite good.
5	This place is great for lunch. They serve a wide variety of burgers, wraps, salads, and sandwiches. The people are nice and serve you well. The place has a very local feel to it that I love. Some thing you don't get from restaurant chains.
5	I wanted to take my family out for dinner and I decided either we would go to Chili's or Creative Cafe. Let me just say I made a wise choice by going with Creative Cafe, the food was prepared perfectly with great flavors and portions. Everyone ordered something different from the menu like the Ruben sandwich with thick sliced pastrami, the Buffalo chicken sandwich which was breaded and fried to perfection, and the BBQ Western burger with all of it's 1/2 lb angus goodness, all served with your choice of salad, soup, onion rings, french fries or sweet potato wedges(my favorite) which came with a spicy siracha dipping sauce. If you want great food prepared with some TLC, Creative Cafe is the place!
5	Good looking and very fidderent place to eat. Really creative cafe aslso. Good food
4	My wife and I come here all the time with our 6m old. The staff is fantastic and helpful. I highly recommend this place!
4	Food was ok but service can be better. the wait was too long for a order for one. and the service for customers of one should get the same respect and a family of four or guest with four in the group.
4	outstanding and really like it
4	The Signature Greek Cheese Fries were good, the Greek toast was good, the complimentary doughnut holes were good, the omelettes were uncooked, too thick a disappointing. Next time a come here, going to go for things like hash browns, fries, bacon, and other breakfast sides
4	looking so beautiful and place was awesome really son looking cafe with the great taste of food
