5	I'll write more, but I wanted to get this posted because this studio is so great and you need to go.  Really nice vibe.  Love the owner.  Kelly and I do the "breakfast of champions" class and are already addicted.  You gotta go.
5	The first time I went here I was a little bit skeptical, the place is quite large and doesn't absorb sound well so trying to relax before practice usually proves impossible. That aside, I absolutely love these classes. Such an amazing stretch - just the right amount and mix of poses. Breakfast of Champions is the absolute perfect way to begin your day. It's not intense but rather a relaxing, moderate stretch that really opens up your joints while working the muscles.Unlike the popular fads of nearly absurdly hot rooms and classes that emphasize intensity and heat, rather Yoga Hive gets to the roots of yoga and focuses on pranayama and stretching. This is what yoga should be. I will definitely be attending more classes after my deal ($10 for 2 weeks) is up.
5	I have never liked yoga...ever. It was too fast, too hard, I couldn't reach anything I was supposed to be able to reach, and I never learned anything.Enter Yoga Hive. With a $10 for 2 weeks intro deal and it's location literally a hop and a skip from desk at PGC, I had no reason not to try it out with my yoga initiated coworkers. And what follows is simply a love story.All the instructors there are wonderful but by virtue of her teaching schedule with my schedule, I have taken the most classes from and the greatest affinity for the owner Kimberly.  I am not exaggerating when I say I owe my new found love of yoga to her open, welcoming and supportive spirit.I have learned so much at the Yoga Hive- that I can go at my own pace because speed is not the goal, that I can modify poses to make them work for my body so a deep stretch does not cross the line to painful, that I can further modify poses so that I can reach what I never could before. But most importantly I learned to breathe, to be patient with myself and to celebrate the little victories as they come.  I still get frustrated because I am human but I know that whenever I doubt myself that Kimberly, Lauren, Meg, Cherilyn, etc believe in me and know that I can do whatever it is that's in front of me, and then I do.I have never found a place to workout that is as warm (figuratively and literally), welcoming, effective and rejuvenating as the Yoga Hive.You must go, even if you don't think yoga is for you, the Yoga Hive is.
5	I owe the Yoga Hive a big ol' Thank You for getting me through another Pittsburgh winter, and for helping me come out on the other side of it with toned thighs. When my body ached for warm, sunny days, I resisted the urge to book a flight to Florida, and instead hurried to the warm, inviting Hive. I had tried out various yoga studios in the city but never found a space that made me feel as comfortable as this one. The temperature inside is usually kept at about 75 degrees - a lot more bearable than some other studios (Who wants to exercise in 85-90 degree heat?? I'm just trying to stay alive at that temp.)More than a yoga studio, it's a community meeting place. Mixed with the regular schedule of vinyasa classes are special workshops like hula hooping yoga, kids yoga, qigong, kundalini, etc. - there really seems to be something for everyone, whether you're an experienced yogi or just curious to try. The Yoga Hive has stretched the definition of a yoga studio, offering events aimed at bringing friends and neighbors together through solstice celebrations, pumpkin carvings, and benefit parties. The studio design is really cool too! With ambient lighting, orange painted walls, cork flooring, and curtains draped between the entrance and practice space, It's a pretty hip space for stretching your hips.
5	Yoga Hive is my favorite studio in PGH. I love the comfortable atmosphere, the energetic teachers and the friendly community. My first entry to the Hive was their awesome $10/2 week first timer grand opening special. I got to try out the different teachers and style of classes. I love their asana classes which span from Beginner Intro classes, calm "Strong and Steady", to more invigorating Power Yoga. I'm also a huge fan of the meditation and sound healing classes as well as the Full Moon Gong Meditations. Cheers to Kimberly for being an inspiring yoga teacher and cheers to PGH for being lucky enough to host this great studio.
5	The Yoga Hive can best be described as a Yoga family. I have been doing yoga for 5 years and have been to classes all over Pittsburgh. The Yoga Hive is definitely my favorite studio because of the amazing atmosphere and unique classes. Everyone at the Yoga Hive gets to know each other and refers to you by your first name. The instructors provide guidance for beginners and challenges for more advanced yogis. Also, the floor is a really cool cork kind of material and the walls are painted a happy, bright, orange. There are a lot of wonderful flow classes that are the perfect temperature (75-80 degress) everyday but also classes for meditation.If you are seeking a toning class or a meditation/relaxation class you can find it all at the Yoga Hive. The Yoga Hive also has workshops every weekend and are very low cost. My favorite workshops so far have been the Inversion workshop (I learned to balance on my forearms and perfected my headstand!) I also love the Kundalini yoga workshop and the Tai Chi Workshop. If you still have not found your yoga home come take advantage of the 2 weeks unlimited for $10. At the end of 2 weeks you wont be able to leave!
5	Even if there are yoga studios that are nearer my place, I don't mind driving 14+ miles to Yoga Hive.  The studio is well appropriated and I have not met a teacher that I feel remotely lukewarm about.  They each have their different teaching styles, but they all work out for me.  Everyone is warm and welcoming, and questions and modifications are always welcomed.  I also love how each class is not exactly the same as the one before it.  Keeps my mind sharp and more attuned to my body at moment.
5	This is a great yoga studio with instructors that are so friendly and welcoming.  They offer a vinyasa based yoga. It's not super heated, but it's a nice warm room. It's a very clean and open space. There's also no yoga-tude here.
5	The Yoga Hive is amazing! My husband and I just completed the 30 day October yoga challenge, and I have to say, it was one of the most amazing experiences! I wasn't sure if I had it in me --luckily the encouragement from Kimberly and the instructors kept me going!I wrote about my challenge experience in my blog, Yinzpiration! http://www.yinzpiration.com/content/mission-accomplishedIf you are looking for a yoga studio in PIttsburgh, look no further. Yoga Hive is where it's at! Another great perk is Voluto Coffee is just down the street. It's such a treat to go there after a great yoga session!
5	The Yoga Hive is amazing! I have got to hand it to Kimberly and all of the instructors at Yoga Hive. After having participated in the 30 Day Challenge during the month of October, I think I have taken a class by each of the instructors, and they are all truly amazing! I also love participating in the variety that each of them bring to the practice. They were a great encouragement to my spirit even on the days I really didn't feel like showing up at my mat (come on! 30 days is intense!!!). The challenge really strengthened me- inside and out- and participating in it was probably the hugest gift I've given myself in 2011. It is probably also one of the friendliest places in Pittsburgh. If you're looking for a regular place to practice, this is it!!!! I'll see you in the studio.
5	Honestly, one of the best yoga studios in the country (I say this b/c I'm traveling the country on a regular basis). Certainly the very best in the Pittsburgh area.  The vibe at YH is warm, welcoming, unpretentious... I feel like I'm making new friends each and every time I go.  And each yoga session is a solid workout.  Kimberly and crew have fostered a community and lead excellent classes that will warm both your body and your soul.
5	I just completed my $15 unlimited 1 week new student pass and I've got to say, I think I found my new yoga home! The teachers were all very kind, and they make a point to know your name, inquire about injuries, as well as take suggestions for favorite poses. The rhythm of each class was just challenging enough to find my edge, without feeling overwhelmed. This studio allows students to build upon their practice (helloooo inversions!) with excellent instruction, instead of just repeating the same poses every single class. After every class I left feeling light and invigorated, yet mellow. I can't wait to continue practicing there! Their website allows one to reserve a class online, just in case the class is full, you will be saved a spot. Yoga Hive sells jade and manduka mats and accessories. They also have a partnership with Evolve Wellness Spa for 20% off a service or package. OH and their motto is "Namaste Yinz" Awesome.
5	The Yoga Hive is truly a gem.  They offer an low intro rate for your first week, so you can get into the groove of the classes.  The environment is so wonderful, such a lovely space, and the teachers are all very attentive and thorough.  After never having done Yoga before, I have to say the Yoga Hive completely convinced me!
5	Find peace and stillness. Sweat buckets. Grow. Nurture mind, body, and spirit.These are the things that I achieve with each practice at Yoga Hive. The teachers are all wonderful people with distinct practices, but all of their practices share a common theme: the practice is rooted in their spirit. When you step on to your mat, you will have a new and different experience with each teacher based on their energy, spirit, and experience.The studio is warm, typically around 85 degrees. With a dozen people in a class, the temperature probably hovers closer to 95 degrees. If you have not experienced heated yoga, I suggest that you try it. The warmth promotes flexibility and produces a wondrous cleansing effect.I have practiced in numerous studios around Pittsburgh, and though there are several standouts, Yoga Hive has become my home.
3	I waited awhile to write this review, because I didn't want to be the only person in Pittsburgh who did not like this yoga studio.  Well here goes. I purchased a pass for $35.00 for admission to three classes and only used it on one class and I will not be returning for any additional classes. At the start of the class the instructor asked the class what we would all like to work on. One attendee said "the core"  I had read  the class description several times online and had signed up for a class called "slow flow" which I took to mean more focus on stretching and slow deliberate movements...boy was I wrong.  I felt that for a class called slow flow it was very challenging and I was more tense afterwards then I had been before. Personally I can see more advanced yogies having a great time and really enjoying themselves here, but for me as a beginner I felt totally out of the loop and even felt that I was snapped at for not telling the instructor I was a beginner. This yoga study does not have any showers...which for me as some who catches the bus made for a pretty uncomfortable bus ride home.  The studio was very warm and cozy and Yoga Hive is a lovely facility even if it lacks showers. It's just not for me. I need more guided mediation and yoga for stress relief not to build abs. I am pretty sad, will I never be able to find a yoga studio to which I can belong? I have these two additional passes that I am certain have expired by now.  I hope every one else enjoys their yoga though.
4	I don't do yoga often, but I really enjoyed coming to classes here. I've only been to a few, but my friends come fairly regularly. The teachers are all very nice, and the space is cute and clean. It's challenging, relaxing, and calming. They don't move through the poses too quickly, and it's a good pace, especially for a beginner like me.Also, it's right next door to Voluto and Verde. That way, if your friends want to go to yoga, and you don't, you can totally go grab a coffee or a margarita while you wait for them to return from a positive spiritual and physical experience. It's my strategy for being the only non-yoga obsessed girl in my group of friends.
5	The Hive is the best studio I have been to in Pittsburgh for many reasons. Adaptable - The instructors are fantastic at understanding the tendencies and learning styles of everyone and incorporating it into the practice.  There is quite a range of experience amongst the students, and they enable all of them to get the most out of the practice. The first time I ever practiced was at the Hive, and it was incredibly comfortable and a memorable experience. Fulfilling - I don't like the notion that yoga is a workout. You have to exert yourself physically, but it's not just for the sake of getting 'in shape'.  The Hive embraces yoga as a spiritual and physical practice. Some studios I have attended, the practice feels void of any spiritual aspect, and feels more like aerobics than yoga. When I leave the studio, I am both physically and spiritually fulfilled, and it's wonderful. Community - The instructors genuinely care about the well being of the students and the students care about the well being of each other. Everyone there truly embraces the practice as a force of good in our lives. Some studios have instructors that have all the yogi credentials in the world - but they don't care about their students and it shows. The instructors are not only well qualified and gifted at their practice - but they want to see their students realize their potential. Bottom line is that it's one of the more affordable studios in the city - but you don't sacrifice anything for the price. The studio space, class selection, and instructors are all top notch.If you haven't done yoga ever in your life, this is the place to start. If you have been practicing for 10 years, this is the place to continue. Everyone is welcome, and you feel the power to realize your potential in yoga, and in your life.
5	I admit I am a yoga snob to the eyes and ears of Pittsburgh people. I am a New Yorker! But that is the past 11 yrs. originally from Pgh so I am in town 3-4 times a year to visit my family.It took a lot of trial and ERROR to find this place!It earns it's 5 stars from me though for being best in pgh.The vibe is true yoga.Meaning if you come to class you matter!!!Not how many of your friends come, not how many Lululemon rip off products you own.I have taken 3 classes there now. Different teachers and they have all been such terrific personalities. Great yogis, and SO welcoming to me and my little modifications with the asana due either to my surgically repaired shoulder or (the snob in me here) just puttting in some of my Laughing Lotus studio style.I deeply appreciate this studio.It has kept me sane past 2 visits to Pgh.As my family pushes every negative button they can at times.Thank you Yoga Hive.Yours will be the only studio I attend when in Pgh.And for those that had petty criticisms and posted them in other yelp reviews?It really only showed how personally self centered they were.The true yoga can be found the instant you walk in the door at Yoga Hive and I suggest a different avenue such as spin class for the ones unhappy with this place.
5	The Yoga Hive is just the best. Enthusiastic and welcoming teachers, great schedule of classes. It's heated just right- not too hot, but the heat gets you moving. Even if you're new the yoga, the teachers are great at working with you.
5	I love Yoga Hive. I am still a beginner but they are always willing to help me out and I actually feel like I am learning and becoming stronger. Each instructor is different and it's fun to try different classes taught by each one. I never feel intimated by the instructors or other students like I have in various other studios. It's a great feeling.And of course Yoga in the Park is fantastic!!
5	The Yoga Hive is great -- the teachers challenge you but it's also friendly and open enough that you can feel comfortable doing modifications or just childs pose when you can't keep up.  Thank you for the friendly studio.
4	I have been to several yoga studios in Pittsburgh, but I'm not consistently practicing yoga. I generally have the basic positions down, but I enjoy yoga now and then. This studio is really nice inside, and the instructors seem pretty friendly. As a newcomer to the studio, it seemed that alot of the people knew each other... VERY nice facility. I LOVE how they give you the option to do the more advanced poses or to do the more basic pose. GREAT studio!!
2	I've been to the Yoga Hive several times before to attend the Saturday morning $5 community class.  My experiences have varied greatly depending on the instructor.  I found both Michael and Crystal to be great instructors.  The studio itself, however, is below average.  I've continued to come back mostly because the location is close to my home.  This morning, I left there feeling very frustrated, and I will not return. My sister is visiting from out of town and asked that we find a yoga class to go to together.  Saturday mornings have consistently been advertised as the $5 community class at Yoga Hive.  I checked the schedule online to be sure that the class was not canceled due to the holiday season.  I observed that it was not canceled but that there was a sub (Kimberly, the owner).  When we showed up this morning, as is often the case, the entry way was terribly crowded, and we had to wait outside in the elements as people inside took their time making space for others.  From the entrance, I could hear the owner chatting loudly.  This is not the kind of intentional calm and mindfulness that I would expect from a yoga studio.  When my sister approached Kimberly and let her know that it was her first time there, unlike her chatty rapport with the people she seemed to know, she did not welcome her, but asked her to stand to the side.  We then realized that the class was $14 (the regular admission) because there was a substitute instructor.  For a studio that is located in the quickly gentrifying Garfield neighbor, I feel that the very least that could be done to cater to the "community" is to offer a weekly $5 class.  If there is a change in that price, it should be stated loudly and clearly on the website.   For my sister and I, especially during the holiday season, a $14 yoga class is out of our budget, and we are certainly more economically privileged than most of Yoga Hive's neighbors.
4	I find it hard to review yoga studios because everyone's practice is different, so I can't give a blanket statement that "This is the best/worst yoga studio."  Each person's body needs something different.  And I really do believe that how you'll feel after a yoga class and how much you enjoy it, is 50% as a result of what you yourself put into it and how much you allow yourself to mentally practice yoga as well.That being said, I can confidently say that this is a good option for yogis who want to practice in a Baron Baptiste/heated power yoga environment with lots of energy.  Think, strong poses, upbeat music and enthusiastic instructors/cues.  There's a wide range of class times available and different class types to focus on several different aspects of yoga practice.  Street parking is always easy to find and the studio is conveniently located on Penn Ave in East Liberty.   There aren't shower facilities, but the studio is very welcoming and clean.  Overall, a friendly studio and worth a try!
5	The instructors at Yoga Hive have been nothing less than lovely to work with.  Earlier in the year I was planning a small, rather informal event at my university and was looking for an instructor to help teach a class with inexperienced students.  Despite numerous event changes on my end, the instructors at Yoga Hive remained professional, accommodating and friendly (impressive considering I am not the easiest person to maintain contact with).  The instructor who ended up teaching the class, Rebecca, created an extremely welcoming environment and helped some students who barely see the light of day get active.  My group had an extremely enjoyable experience and I do not think I could have been more pleased with the conduct of Yoga Hive's instructors.
