4	Call me crazy, but I allowed my friend and fellow yelper DeDe S to talk me into meeting her at Sumits Yoga this morning for a 5:45 AM class.  Yes - it was still dark out when I left the house.  It was extremely difficult to get up and go (I used to be an early morning person when I worked an office job, but not anymore) - but I'm so glad I did...It was my second time at this location - it's in the same center as LA Fitness at McCormick Parkway & Hayden.  Years ago, I went to Sumit's Frank Lloyd Wright Location and the Tatum / Shea one before it closed.  If you like to sweat, Sumits is for you...In case you're not familiar, Sumits Yoga was created by Sumit Banerjee based on his own years of experience practicing and teaching various yoga styles. The classes follow the same sequence of poses (similar to Bikram) but they flow to music... and since the room is heated, your muscles warm up quickly and allow you to work deeply.It felt great to sweat it out this morning - I think Sumit's Yoga is an excellent compliment to my exercise routine, and for that reason I bought a 5 class package ($75).  Whether I return to an early morning class or at another time of day, I look forward to 'sweating it out' again soon!
1	$50 for a mat!?!?  I am extremely bothered by this.  Is this a rip off or what?  The worst purchase I have EVER made.
5	I have practiced yoga for over 20 years, all over the world.  My last 9+ years have been mainly Bikram style (heated room, same 26 asanas and 2 breathing in same order every time, etc).  My review is based on one visit, in which I was fortunate enough to be taught by the creator of Sumits Yoga, Sumit Banerjee.Keep in mind that this is an 80 minute class in a 104/5 degree heated room.  It is not laying around on pillows.  That being said, there was an old (at least 70!) year old man next to me for most of the class (he did leave early).  Most of the folks were in the 20-50ish range, but I think that anyone could do this class if they are in good health (or at least check with their doc) and take it EASY to get used to the heat.  You will sweat.  A lot.  A very very very lot.+ 1 Star - Cleanliness.  I have a thing about sweaty/hot yoga - I love it, but the smell still, after all this time, makes me queasy.  So how nice it was to be at a studio with little to no stink.  Wood floors in the practice room helped.  Staff seemed very conscious about cleaning up quite often (steamed windows were wiped, drips on floor were mopped etc)+ 1 Star - Showers.  It is important to me in practicing hot yoga that there are showers for after.  Granted, there are only two in the ladies (and I would assume 2 in the man's) but that is better than many and, from my experience, The average amount.  You need to BYOT (towel) as they have no towel rental (!!!??!) available.+ 1 Star - Big changing room for ladies.  I can't speak for the fellas, but there was plenty room for all us gals to do our thing. I am usually frustrated at whacking elbows with my fellow yoginis both before and after class so this was a nice, welcome change.+ 1 Star - Room size.  The asana room was spacious - there were easily 30 people in my class but could have fit 20 more with no problem at all.  Mirrored all but the back (door/wall) sides to help with alignment and focus.+ 1 Star - Air.  It is a pet peeve of mine about hot yoga classes that they usually have still, stuffy air.  I start to feel a bit suffocated.  This studio was especially nice in that there were ceiling fans, so though it was hot (104 degrees more or less), I didn't feel suffocated.+ 1 Star - The class style.  I wish Mr. Banerjee had studios in LA!!!! I enjoyed this style class immensely.  It was a combination of some flow, some traditional standing postures and some Bikram-styled asanas/combinations.  It was possible to modify and do more or less strenuously depending on your day/energy level.  I cannot rave enough about how wonderful the flow was mingled with the static poses; the transition to the floor postures was even ok and not too abrupt.+ 1 Star - Music.  I liked almost all the music that was played (mainly in flow portions of class).  Could have skipped that Bruce Springsteen song, but it was likely in there to appease the more "rocker" types!  other than that, lovely tunes that fit the mood.+1 Star - Teacher.  Yes, it was Mr. Banerjee teaching the class, so it was the "creator" himself.  But what better way for my 1st class to go! He is a wonderful teacher, supportive, driving, challenging, engaging, but also nurturing and not a martinet (hear that, Mr. Choudry?).  I genuinely felt pleasure in his tone, word choice and energy.  Obviously a person who believes in what he says/teaches but also is not snooty!+ 1 Star - Parking.  Although there is a McDonald's in the front of the lot (temptation! hello!), the rest of the lot is very open with lots of easy parking.  Nice!+ 1 Star/ -1 Star - Staff.  The front desk gal, although she was Very Helpful and loaned me a mat and towel for free seemed to be grumpy or sad or just ??  As she was the only other person other than Mr. Banerjee himself with whom I interacted, I was not charmed by her at all.  Lighten up, honey!  Geez!+ 1 Star - Retail area.  A few things to buy, including water for class if you forgot yours/want more.  Really liked the yoga clothing collection.  Some good stuff here.All in all, I am sad that I don't live near one of the 6 Sumits Yoga in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area.  I found this class and studio to be perfect for me.
5	Who in their right mind does yoga in a 100+ degree humid room?? Apparently me. Sumits was running a intro special and my friend convinced me to try it with her (I won't get into how she didn't even show the first time we were supposed to meet there!) I had no idea what I was getting myself into... Everyone at Sumits was SO helpful in getting me started!! It's always strange when trying something pretty foreign and they made me feel right at home and checked in on me throughout the session. I became pretty addicted to the classes there and joined for several months. It was the first time I noticed almost immediate results from exercising - I definitely felt slimmer and leaner and even noticed some muscle definition. Hot Yoga is fairly pricey, however, ($150/month), and I was saving up to buy a place, so I had to cut it out of my budget. I've tried a couple other intros at hot/bikram yoga studios since going to Sumits and none have compared. One I went to smelled really  musty and gross! (When I'm already slightly nauseous from the heat, the last think I want to smell is something similar to wet dog). Sumits is very clean and kept up well. They have wood floors which can be mopped up and cleaned up (as opposed to carpeting). I felt Sumits was a little less hot/stuffy and a little more challenging than the other places, was the perfect combo for me. I'd like to get back into hot yoga soon. When I do, I'm definitely going back to Sumits!
4	I have been hearing about this yoga studio for awhile... a lot of my girlfriends go to Sumits for Hot Yoga.  My girlfriend asked if I wanted to meet her for a early early 5:30 am class.  I have always liked getting my workouts done early so I don't have to worry about... the problem with most yoga studios is the first class of interest usually doesn't start until 9am.  Anyway I think Sumits solves that problem for me:)  I bought a two week unlimited package and have taken a few classes since.  It is very hot so be sure to drink a good amount of water before coming... that will ensure a great detoxifying experience at Sumits!  I can definitely see more Sumits in my future after my package expires.
5	Humbling.  Owners are on site and care about their clients.  Great mood - workout - energy.  You'll sweat like a cold beer on a hot day!  And dream about it!An incredible workout for a very reasonable fee.  Love the place!
5	My boyfriend has been raving about Sumits Yoga for the last few months, so I finally decided to go with him and I am HOOKED.  I was one of those people who thought yoga was only about stretching, holding poses and not much of a workout, but Sumits Yoga has completely changed my thinking.  It is a great workout and as they say in class, you can feel your body being wringed out, like a sponge and all the toxins and nasty stuff spilling out.  Most of instructors are attentive, knowledgeable and fun and a plus is that they play good music during certain points in the class.  Anytime I'm up in Scottsdale, I always go to their classes; I'm still hoping and waiting for a Sumits Yoga to open in Tucson!
4	This place is awesome, and it's a great practice.  BUT, not for the lighthearted!  Hot room and challenging routine with mostly experts in the room.  I only had two instructors, one was excellent the other not so much.  It's a little on the expensive side.
3	I've practiced yoga for 2 years now. However, I am a regular at the gym. I love yoga. It's a permanent part of my workout routine. I've done yoga at many different locations. Here is my take on this particular Sumits yoga studio. Each location is priced different and offers different amenities. I was on a two week special package. So, I visited this location 6 times in two weeks. The staff was friendly. I was 'loaned' a mat but paid for it later on when I bought a mat towel and was overcharged for it. I was traveling, so I never got a chance to go back and get a refund. That being said, the front desk people were always nice and accommodating. They answered all questions and kept me informed about new specials and costs of yoga with Sumits. The actual location of the business is in a busy strip mall area of McCormick ranch. There is a McDonalds LA Fitness, and a Walgreens. Parking can be a challenge. Come early and they enforce a 30 min parking rule. I subtrack points for location.The physical business is small: the waiting area is small, the restrooms are small. However, there is plenty of room in the practice area. One comment on this: the actual practice area is of an odd shape. Just an observation. I would never take a shower at this place...too confining. The instructors are very nice and knowledgeable. For me, I had to leave early each time: it got too hot and the class was going to quick ( I didn't take off points for any of this). Although, I didn't think the room needed to be as hot as it was. The music, however was not that good. Music could have been a lot more 'yoga' focused. Sometimes it was hard to hear the commands as the din from the music overpowered the instructor. Pricing is definitely too high. I think they wanted $170 a month for unlimited yoga. Hell, I can go to Gainey Ranch and get a monthly membership for less than that, and it includes yoga and the other amenities. So, comparison shop when looking for a studio. If all you want to do is yoga, than maybe this is your gig.
1	Being a member of LA Fitness in the same plaza and a long time yoga practioner, I stopped in to get information at Sunmits.I was 'greeted' by a crusty and unfriendly woman who acted like I was an intruder.  She bounced me off to the web 'look it up on line' kind of remark.I guess they don't like men there or something.   Stick to LA Fitness if you are a guy and want to practice yoga in McCormick Ranch.
3	People always ask what Sumits is...it's a hot studio that starts with a bit of standing bikram, then four vinyasa style flows, then floor bikram - about 20 minutes of each with breaks and abs in between. Yoga is a practice, it's different every day for everybody and it's not a performance or a competition. The instructors here are good at reminding you to listen to your body and do only what it needs and wants to do.The Groupons I've picked up for this studio make it worth it to me because I like going in and getting a good sweat on, but I don't think I would do a membership. The flow kind of bores me and doesn't feel like too much work. Honestly it feels like rich white people patting themselves on the back for doing what they deem "tough." Yes, it's hot and yes, it's work, but I'd rather be challenged to hold poses or focus on what the instructor is saying to think about where to move next instead of just doing the same thing every time. The people are friendly and the space is nice. I hear they are moving to a two-studio space closer to Shea during Fall 2012, so maybe they will start to offer a little more variety.
5	LOVE! I was new to Arizona and mentioned to a colleague my disappointment in my gym's yoga classes. (Coming from New York, I had high standards for the teachers and atmosphere.)  My colleague invited me to attend a class with her at a Sumits studio on Phoenix.  The class was packed. (I am talking less than inches between each mat.) I quickly understood why.  The class was fabulous.  Positive, upbeat, good music, excellent reminders to focus on yourself, your body and your practice.  Following the trial class in Phoenix, I purchased a package at the McCormick Ranch location.  When I would arrive for class as an unfamiliar face, upon check in, the instructors would introduce themselves, ask how I was enjoying the classes, etc. Very welcoming (and a refreshing change from the mainly immature and unpleasant staff you will find at most health and fitness establishments in Scottsdale). I would highly recommend Sumits to anyone.
5	I started hot yoga at Sumits in May 2012 and I am a true addict. The instructors are great and each have their own flare. The schedules are very workable. I wish it were a bit cheaper but apparently I'm willing to pay.
4	Sumits was my gateway to yoga.  When I first moved to AZ, I tried a  (non-Sumits) Bikrim class and hated it.  The heat was unbearable and I was so grossed out by the humid, surely fungus-infected carpet, not to mention turned off by the drill sergeant, vaguely cultish, you must stay in the room BS. Several years later a friend took me to Sumits at McCormick Ranch.  Much more appealing. A set-series, Sumits flow is a nicely-composed hybrid of Bikrim and vinyasa, perfect for people who crave a lil' motion in their practice.  The class emphasis is more about feeling good, staying positive, and sticking with it than about how well you can do the pose.  If you are new, the staff will take time to introduce themselves and learn your name.  After you finish your first class you'll be congratulated and encouraged to return (smart marketing eh?).  If only all studios and fitness clubs treated people that way!  Though hot, the room temps aren't as stifling as traditional Bikrim.  Luckily Sumits has wood floors so when you do sweat - and you will - it's not going to be memorialized into a bio hazardous carpet.  Thankfully they mop the floors between each class.Only the flow portion of the class is conducted to music. Like the other reviewers I too wish they'd turn the volume down, it doesn't accomplish anything.  Shavasana is a bit perfunctory - they don't really give you enough time to melt into your nothingness, but you can stay in the room longer if you like.I am perplexed why all women don't race to the showers after class - the changing rooms and showers are always very clean and stocked with cleaning products.  A cold shower feels blissful after sweating your brains out for over an hour.  Their loss, my gain I guess. Sumits is a great choice for people of all ages and abilities who like a good (HOT) workout or want to try yoga in a positive environment.  If you are a more experienced yoga practitioner, Sumits is a nice addition to a more robust practice.  Do not expect to receive adjustments, tips on technique, or to explore more advanced poses - that's not what this experience is about.  That said, Sumits has been expanding its offerings over the past few years - from integrating flow classes to workshops - so there appears to be new opportunities for yoga growth within the Sumits brand.Bring water, a hand towel, and invest in a yoga towel mat.  Smile. Have fun!
4	I've been to tons of yoga studios all over Phoenix and Scottsdale and I can say that Sumits ranks among the best. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming unlike a lot of studios that make you feel like an outsider on your first few visits. The instructor made it a point to learn everyone's names and kept the class lighthearted. I will say that I found it a bit odd that there weren't any lockers to stash my keys and phone during the class. All around I enjoy my experiences at Sumits.
4	Sunday was my first experience at Sumit as well as with hot yoga. Never, in a million years, did I think I would really like it or feel as good afterwards! I was able to stretch more than I ever have been able to. There was absolutely no odor of mildew or even sweaty bodies. The instruction was fast but very clear and easy to follow along. And, I loved the upbeat music!
4	I like to find yoga places when I'm traveling so I used Yelp to find Sumits. It was a great facility and a good class although I thought it was going to be all flow. It had a mixture of flow and Bikram. The instructor kept saying that if you were new to the class it would take a while to pick up their flow but if you've taken flow it's easy to follow IF SHE'D TURN DOWN THE MUSIC!. It was so hard to hear the cues. The music choice is good but why not keep it at the same level the entire class? That was the only thing I found annoying was turning it up during the flow part. Just a suggestion....
1	Not for beginners. Sumit kept asking me to take my top off.  He said next time to only wear a sports bra.  He was extremely arrogant and offensive. I felt sorry for the woman that were there idolizing him.
5	I went to Sumits for the first time today because I purchased a Groupon for the studio.  I had an excellent experience!  The studio is large, clean and comfortable.  The class was different from what I am used to but the instructor was nice and helpful.  I liked the progression and flow of the class!  Can't wait to go back!
5	Sumits Yoga combines the best of the best.  I have been to Bikram Yoga where you practice hot yoga with stretching type movements.  The focus there is on repetition and improving in practice.  I have also been to regular yoga where you can do more difficult types of moves.  Sumits Yoga is a great combination of the hot room concept with regular and complex yoga moves.  In addition, you do a bunch of pushups and situps in the room as well.  This would be like yoga on steriods.  In the end, you come out of the room feeling amazing!
4	Ring me out and hang me up to dry. That is the drenched sentiment walking out of class - through a set sequence and flow, you get in tune with your breath, ask your body to do what it needs to hit the reset button, and come out feeling like you've gone through a personal rinse cycle (mentally and physically). It's lovely, rejuvinating and best of all consistent - making it worth each and every sweaty minute.I've been to a couple of different Sumits locations, but I  really like this space. It's a very large room with decent acoustics and pretty good airflow. When the room is 100 degrees with 60% humidity, those brief moments when the door opens mean a lot. Sure some people can tough it out and practice far away from them, but I've been practicing for 11 years and still rely on those gusty breezes to restore my focus in class. The only thing unreliable elememt is how often each teacher actually opens them - some do more than others.The sequence is really well put together and the emphasis on only doing what your body needs on any given day is a reassuring message that circulates throughout class. If it's too much, there is no barrier in getting into child's pose for as long as you need it. Come Savasana, pretty much every thing in you has dripped out in sweat and it's probably the most peaceful 2 minutes you'll have in your day!
4	I have been going to Sumits for nearly 4 years starting at the original Scottsdale location at McCormick Ranch and at Scottsdale / Shea since it opened. I think it's a great studio with good class times and overall great instructors. Yoga has became a big part of my life since being "dragged" there 4 years ago. My wife started doing it with me about a year ago and is also hooked.There are a few things we wish they would change / address:- When you are in the room before class it is common that a fair amount of people are having conversations at much more than a whisper. Really they are carrying on conversations as if they were out at a restaurant. I thought / think a yoga room is a place to be peaceful, clear your head and wind down. The chatter level rarely allows me to do that.- In almost all classes I attend, again once in the room within 10 minutes to class starting, there are always people texting on their cell phones. It is not uncommon to see people literally checking texts between poses. This is really annoying and I can't see how that fits into an atmosphere where we should be able to detach from the "outside world". Seems logical to me.- Both these issues could be improved upon with a simple sign on the door suggesting minimum, whisper level talking IF necessary and that no cell phones etc are allowed in. A bit of light enforcement from the instructors would also help.- In the last 6 months it seems that the doors are open for a good part of class and we don't get that true HOT environment we both really like. I always sweat but miss the truly cleansing temps that seemed to be more common in the past. PLEASE go back to keeping the rooms HOT!I hope these things can be looked into soon. Again, overall we are big fans and will likely stay members however these issues are hard to over look.
5	Great experience!I haven't been to hot yoga in about a year. I went fearing the strain, it was tough but great. Jennifer Rivers was the instructor, she is friendly and encouraging. I feel like I went through a mini cleanse. Feels good to do an alternative workout, and feel a different type of burn. This class can really help you relax and loosen up.. Its worth a try. I am for sure going back already bought a package!!
5	My over all self
