5	They're friendly. They're courteous. They're quick. AND they're affordable. Consider me impressed. I dragged my feet all week and panicked when I realized I needed something done by Monday. I thought I was going to have to pay a fortune! Nope. $2 per garment and ready for me on a Sunday afternoon.
4	Great prices, friendly staff lightening fast service! Open 7 days a week which I LOVE!!! I've tried a couple other places in the area and when I got home it was as If they didn't even touch my clothes. I'm so glad I found Thrift D Lux!!
4	Great Customer Service! Affordable! Quick Turn around!
5	Grace and Cheri are the most friendly gals I have ever dealt with. They are always smiling, cordial and more than helpful. I have tried other cleaners in the area and none of them could hold a candle to the level of service I receive at such an affordable price. My clothes have always been ready on time, in PERFECT condition. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
2	We had service here. It was affordable and have no complaints towards the staff.My comforter came back having a weird smell. Sorry, I don't know how to describe it. I had to drape it over the stairway to air it out because I didn't want to sleep with it. I prefer a different kind of "clean" smell called fresh. A different kind of "fresh" fresh. I might have to visit a laundromat if the smell still lingers.
4	I dropped my work shirts off there twice now. The second time they were returned to me with a blue stain in the pocket that was not there when I dropped off my clothes originally but was said to be at the fault of my own which was not the case at all. So they re cleaned my shirts and removed the stain. The ONLY thing I DID not like was the fact that they were blaming me for dropping off the the shirt off with the blue stain in the pocket which was not true at all, sure there were other stains in the shirt but not the additional ones they added. Their manager Grace, was quick to call me back and work with me to ensure that everything would be properly taken care of and it was!
3	The company itself is good, however, this store needs a leadership renovation. I've been going here for almost two years. I clean everything from uniforms to casual clothes to my curtains. I give them 3 stars because of their manager Grace. She's probably the rudest individual I have ever met. The policy is, "In by 9 out by 6." There have been several times where I have arrived at 9:02 and she says I have to pick my dry cleaning up the following day. Today is a classic example, I arrived at 9:01 with five pieces of dry cleaning and she tells me to pick it up tomorrow after 6:00 pm. Mind you, there was not one other customer in the store. Each time this has happened we haven't been talking about rolling in with armfuls of items or bags of clothes, it's typically 2 or 3 items at maximum. This is clearly an inconvenience to her customer service expertise. Let me also add the rude sighs and stares she gives you on a daily basis as you walk in to her store. Now, I'm not sure if it's just me or if she's just an unfriendly morning person, however, I've even gone to the extreme of going to a farther Thrift-D-Lux on Ann Road to avoid her mannerless service.I would not leave this review without adding that rest of the shop staff are not at all corresponding to their manager or her behavior, and they are friendly as well as accommodating to customer needs. If I can make any suggestion, use the Thrift-D-Lux company, just go to the Ann Road and Decatur location where their manager Eric is a lot more professional and will go out of his way to help you.
