1	Are you kidding me????!! This placed SUCKED big time, I ordered the Gumbo with crab and a side of greens with sweet tea.  The gumbo was the consistency of dish water and they had the nerve to serve it with old rice (You know when it is kind of crispy) I will never return there ever, the servers were more interested in watching the basket ball game on TV than they were in their 3 customers.  I never did get my side of greens, but I paid for them because I was in such a hurry to get the heck out of there.  Save your money it cost me 40 dollars to learn this hard lesson!
5	Ignoring such negative comments below.  They just don't know what they're talking about.  But the others, just like myself... We love love love the food at Kathy's  It's great food, plain and simple.  Go check it out for yourself!  Easy as that!  I guarantee you'll love it!
4	The place is pretty small and they only have about 5 tables... Once I ate the food I knew why. They don't want people falling asleep. The food its delicious like Sunday dinner @ grandmas house. There are a couple of things that need to change but overall I was happy with my visit.
5	Where do I start? I ordered chicken fingers and fries for the kids... they are hand-breaded and as fresh as you can get it. I ordered the Gumbo that was delicious and the portion size was so large that I will have lunch for tomorrow. My spouse got the fried chicken dinner with greens and black eyed peas. The fried chicken is to die for and also made to order. Yes, this location is smaller than the other place in Henderson that they used to own, but it is definately worth it. So many of the reviews that are on here talk about the wait, but what do you expect with homecooked meals? I mean Kathy's is not like McDonalds with frozen chicken. I say try it once, and I am sure that you will be a regular.
2	The food was somewhat above average in soul food starved Las Vegas, but the restaurant was as if they felt their food was so good nothing else mattered. The food.  Fried chicken, greens and potato salad.  The chicken was pretty good.  One big breast and 2 wings.  Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The chicken didn't seem to have any seasonings on it other than salt.  Of course I drenched it in hot sauce so it tasted all right.  The greens were good - salty - but good.  Potato salad was just fine.  The food was pretty decent - not knock it out of the park good, but decent.The place has ultra bright white walls decorated with a cluster of c-list black celebrities pictures that have been autographed. (except for Iron Mike, A-lister).  There were six oddly aligned tables.  The dining area is stark and completely uninviting.  The reception area at Terrible Herbst  oil change place is nicer than this.  Definitely not a place you want to sit down and have dinner.It has a huge counter that takes up half the dining area and the rest is a rather large open kitchen.  An open kitchen looks cool sometimes, but if it looks like crap then its not a good idea.  So, there is a huge room with a tiny dining area, large counter and huge open   run down kitchen.One thing that bothered me was the worker eating his dinner at the counter.  I know people got to eat, but he just left his chicken bones there.  It just seems unprofessional.The service was okay.  Not warm and inviting but it was okay.Of course everyone has their own opinions, but there is one thing we can all agree on... do not enter the bathrooms.  Luckily, I went when I was done eating.  The smell of backed up sewer almost knocked me on my ass when I opened the door!  Grosssss!!!!  I literally had to hold my breath.  Call a plumber and have him clean your drains!Okay food - everything else... fail.You just get the vibe that the owners don't care - so why should I care?
4	I  found this place while doing my laundry.  I figured I would try it out, I like to try the small local places while travelling for work.It is small and unassuming.  The menu is not very big, which I like.  Some places are so varied I lose faith in their ability to nail anything down.I had the fried chicken, mashed potatoes and man & cheese.  Took twenty minutes, that's great, it usually means they don't have food laying around pre-made.Well worth the wait!!  Not over breaded, not over greasy.  It was delicious and EXACTLY what I wanted and just the way I wanted it.The only reason I gave it four stars was that I wish the chicken would have been a four piece instead of three.  I love a drumstick.BIG PLUS--- She made the gravy right there in front of me for my mashed potatoes.It was delicious.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5	Fried chicken, greens, black eyed peas, smothered pork chops...I could go on and on.  When we lived in Las vegas this was a staple!  They have since moved but we found them on our most recent trip back to Vegas.  The location is fine as was the other one.  This one has easier parking.  The food is still the same...perefect.  This is exactly what I wasnt and expect when I go looking for southern cooking.  I don't go looking for decor or ambience; I want good comfort food.  The service is always fantastic as these are real people.Great place, keep up the good work!
3	Being from the Pacific Northwest I was looking forward to some good soul food. Sorry to say I was very disappointed. The smothered chicken I ordered seemed to be  old and reheated. The mac and cheese was just average, but the greens were great!  unfortunately I can not recommend this establishment to others.
5	I live real close and go there like twice a month.  The food is wonderful, I like the fried chicken so much that I've only had that.  The yams are like my Grandmother used to make.  Kathy is a lovely lady and a pleasure to talk too.
3	This is based solely on their fried chicken, which I happened to be craving (thank you top chef), and as they are close by to us it was either here or KFC.Well we decided to try here for the chicken and honestly, it was good, the wife loved it, I was more than happy wife it, the skin did not have that little kick that I like, but the meat was perfectly cooked.
5	I needed to get my fried catfish fix, and boy did they sure deliver, catfish was seasoned and cooked to perfection, I got Mac n cheese and greens as my side, and lemme tell you it felt like I was eating at momo's house for Sunday dinner
4	Took a friend to Kathy's since it's down the street from her office annnnd ...my usual, following in the footsteps of Master Nelson.Fried Chicken ( $10.75 ) and catfish ( forgot the price but the total bill including 2 canned sodas and a side order of a link was $31.)  Both include 2 sides and corn bread.Sides - greens, cole slaw, potato salad and mac n cheese.Nondescript store - except, interestingly, kitchen area ( burners, flat top and others ) in front area of place yet you don't see them using to cook your food.Have to ding this place one star .....S L O W !!  Best you call in the order in advance.Fried Chicken - excellent - crispy yet tender and juicy - perfectly cooked.Catfish - decent crunch yet flaky fish - large pieces would've been nice.All the sides average to above average.  I did not try the cornbread.Servers were nice.I'll be back.pics included
4	TINY... you did that with the fried chicken!!! SO GOOD!!!
5	I was referred here by a friend after finishing up a very long and difficult Vegas weekend (you all know how that goes), and sending off for the ride home simply would not have been possible for my friends and I if not for Kathy's Southern Cooking. Mary was very kind to us, and the food was just as kind! I had the fried chicken, and it was honestly some of the best I've ever had; extremely tender and juicy. The sides (I had potato salad and macaroni and cheese) were amazing as well; and the lemonade was probably the best lemonade I've ever experienced (hand squeezed). All in all, the experience at Kathy's was a very warm and welcoming one. You can always distinguish when a restaurant makes their food with normal ingredients or with love; this place certainly makes their food with love, and the proof is in the chicken.
1	The service was friendly..The food is fairly overpriced and should be  updated on yelp.Walked in there were 4 guest in the resturant still took us 30-45 mins to get our food then 20 more minutes to get the check Food: catfish dinner with yams, greens, and cornbreadMy friend had the smothered pork chops with mac n cheese and rice the pork chops where decent but the mac n cheese again NO FLAVOR.how does a soul food restaurant have no flavor maybe my expectations of this place was too highCatfish was the only thing slightly good, ill pass on Kathy's I drove across to town to get here and it wasnt good @ all
3	Hubby and I are craving for soul food and found Kathy's here in Yelp. We were greeted by a friendly waitress. I ordered sweet tea while hubby had a can of soda. The sweet tea is hella sweet, just how hubby likes his tea but it's too sweet for me.  We got our drinks right away.  Hubby ordered fried pork chops with gravy on the side with rice and mac n cheese. I ordered the fried chicken with mac n cheese and sweet yam. First I was told that I can get the fried okra as one of my side dishes but the waitress returned and informed us that it needs to be ordered as appetizer. I want the fried okra so we ordered is as appetizer anyways. We waited for our food (including the appetizer) for half an hour... mind you we were the only customers there. The corn bread, fried okra and our meal arrived at the same time. The delay on the arrival of the food cost them a star. Let's talk about the quality of food:1) Corn bread - dry, nothing special just like what other reviewers said.2) Fried Chicken - not bad at all. They gave me 1 wing, 1 small leg and 1 small thigh. It was crispy on the outside but juicy on the inside.3) Mac & Cheese - not bad as well but I've had better. (Was stationed in Mississippi,  Louisiana and Oklahoma so I've had quite a lot of great southern food experiences).4) Sweet Yam - its not bad as well but I was never a big fan of sweet yam anyways.5) Fried Pork chops - Hubby enjoyed them very much. It has great taste and perfectly cooked.6) Gravy - this was a little disappointing as it was lumpy and lack seasoning.  It was bland. Thank God hubby didn't get the smothered pork chops coz I know he would've been disappointed because good gravy is really important for him. This cost them another star unfortunately.7) Fried Okra - was cooked well but nothing special. The batter would have been good if it was seasoned well.For the quality of food and the portions, I have to agree with other reviewers...they are quite pricey. I don't think we will be back here again.
4	Yum, yum, yummy, yum, yum!Yeah, that about sums it up when it comes to Kathy's Southern Cooking.  I was hanging out at my mom's and we wanted something different for lunch.  Enter Yelp and it's awesome suggestions, which is how we found out about Kathy's Southern Cooking.  After seeing the pictures of the food, I knew we had to get there right away!We went for a lunch on a Saturday and were the only ones in the place.  At first I was a little worried because I was hoping we didn't make a mistake in going to Kathy's.  Then I got my glass of sweet tea and I knew we had made the right choice.  A great southern cooking place has to have great sweet tea, otherwise what's the point?  It turned out to be a treat to have the place to ourselves because 1. my toddler daughter wouldn't bother anyone, and 2. the lady working the counter (sadly, I can't remember her name) was a doll and we had so much fun chit-chatting with her through our time there.  She really made our experience great from her lovely personality and excellent service.Now to the important part.....The food!  We are a southern family and wanted some of our go-to comfort foods, fried chicken and fried catfish.    The fried chicken was just like the chicken we used to get in Tennessee at my grandma's dinner table.  The catfish tasted like the catfish from Mississippi and my childhood.  My mom swears that the catfish is the best she has eaten outside of the South.  I can't argue with that statement because it was YUMMY.  We also ordered the mashed potatoes, mac n' cheese, red beans & rice, and fries as side items.  Everything was amazing! The highlights had to be the real mashed potatoes with gravy made to order and the gooey mac n' cheese.  Everything was good, but those were both REALLY good.We finished our meal with Banana Pudding.  It was delicious!  My mom decided she is never making banana pudding again and will just order it from Kathy's from here on out.  I'm ok with that.  I just want my banana pudding please!
2	I would first like to say that the location of this place was easy for me to find. I rated Kathy's Southern Cooking 2-stars for the following reasons. #1 Customer Service/ Etiquette was very poor. In my opinion when an order is placed and you do not have that particular item (i.e. Peach Cobbler) available at that moment, you are to express a little sympathy or at least be a TINY bit apologetic for that item not being available at the customers request. To ask the customer "What do you want me to do about it"? Is extremely rude!!! I would have gladly waited for said item had the man at the front counter had a different approach. I took off 2 stars just for this particular reason. There are certain ways you should speak to people. I understand that when cooking any southern meal/food that it takes a bit of time. I was very excited when I walked into this establishment. Poor service etiquette is very unacceptable. And #2 Food was just above average. I ordered a catfish dinner for myself w/ a side of greens & also ordered a chicken dinner & a hot-link w/ banana pudding for someone else. We both agreed that the Mac N' Cheese was at best rated a 1 out of 10. It tasted exactly like the Mac n cheese from KFC! The greens that I ordered were very good w/ hot sauce. They weren't seasoned heavily at all, I assume to give you the option to add seasoning yourself. The mashed potatoes & gravy were delicious! No complaints. The hot-link was covered in BBQ sauce & was regular, nothing too good or too bad. I have tasted better, I'm not sure where they get theirs from. Both the catfish and the chicken were good!!! The batter for both was good as well! And the banana pudding was pretty tasty. I did not get to try the cornbread that was supposed to be included with my dinner because unfortunately, they left it out. My overall opinion is that the food is good, the service is extremely poor. I actually still would have come to this place but due to my experience, I will gladly return to M&M's Soul Food Cafe! I hope that this review is helpful to someone when going Kathy's Southern Cooking.
3	The location was not hard to find thanks to google maps. When we walked in there was only one other customer seated and already waiting on his meal. The staff was friendly and greeted us as soon as we walked through the doors. We ordered the catfish and chicken dinner with identical sides of mash potatoes and Mac n cheese . The chicken was DELICIOUS!!!! The fish was ok, it did not have much seasoning at all but still edible. I personally liked the mash potatoes and gravy. The macaroni and cheese however lacked in presentation as well as flavor. The food did take a while to come but I'm not complaining because it was fresh. The prices however were a bit pricy, but they may have a pricy overhead. Overall it was good, I would definitely come back, especially for the chicken.
4	Wow, am I glad I saw some Yelpers mention this in Talk or what?! Kathy's is in a small center on the SW corner of DI & Sandhill. Don't ask me how...but we managed to drive right past it without seeing the sign. The inside is the same, it doesn't look much like a restaurant...more like a take out only kinda place. There isn't much to look at and only a couple tables.  I ordered catfish and the wife went with fried chicken. Both dishes were unbelievable! Definitely some of the best catfish I've had in town and my wife says it's the best fried chicken she's had here. The catfish has an amazing crust! It's cooked perfectly, super flaky and tons of flavor. The chicken is the same...fried perfect golden brown, juicy & most on the inside and the skin is really crispy and flavorful. They also make their own hot sauce and it goes really good with both fish and chicken. All the sides were pretty good besides the mac n cheese which was a little bland. Their cornbread is delicious! And they have some killer desserts...the banana pudding is amazing!We really loved Kathy's! For the portions, you can't beat the price. They have great customer service and 20 minutes isn't long to wait for some fresh fried chicken. I don't drink sweet tea so it was disappointing they don't serve unsweetened tea. The restaurant was clean for the most part but it just doesn't feel like a place to sit down and eat which is a knock for me. Besides that, I'll definitely be back for more.
4	We went to lunch around 12:30 on a Tuesday to Kathy's.  There was only one other person in there, and she was waiting to get something to go.  Why?!?!?!?  More people need to be eating at Kathy's.  We need more places like Kathy's in the Vegas valley and the United States in general.To eat, the wife had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and mac n cheese.  This was a LOT of food for about $11.75 as I recall.  I may be off on the price, but you get 2 large slices of meatloaf in addition to corn bread and the 2 sides.  Beyond reasonable.  The meatloaf slices were hefty, we took basically a whole slice home.  Moist, flavorful, and covered in a fantastic brown gravy.  This is a classic version of the dish, and it's a great representation.  I had the fried chicken, which, as other yelpers note, does not come out quickly.  But, it's worth the wait.  I had a breast, thigh and leg.  You have to pay $1.00 more if you want to choose your 3 pieces, which I did because I don't care for wings.  The meal is still a great value even if you had the extra dollar.  The chicken is HOT, you can tell it's freshly made.  All 3 pieces are juicy, even the white meat.  The skin has a great crunch and seasoning.  Definite repeat.The iced tea is sweet and it's fantastic.  But, they have it at room temperature.  So, if you like your tea ice cold (as I do), I recommend asking for extra ice, because you will get some melting due to the temperature of the tea.  My sole complaint is that they were out of the chicken fried steak.  This is something that would occur at the old location as well.  Hopefully they have it next time I go, I'm sure Kathy will serve a great version of that dish.
5	Went to Kathy's today and was excited to find out they had the chicken fried steak.  It was fantastic, which is why I'm bumping Kathy's up to 5 stars.  The steak is large, you will likely have leftovers, but it's doable.  Like all the other dinners, it comes with 2 sides and a large corn muffin.  Great deal.  The steak was tender and crispy.  The crust adhered well to the steak, which is ideal.  The white gravy was peppery and creamy.  I was not surprised given how much we like the brown gravy.  Once again, Kathy's more than delivered.  If you are on the east side and hungry, absolutely hit up Kathy's.
4	After a morning of fun, Sylvia Q suggested that our group should go to Kathy's. At first I was thinking she was talking about going to my place to eat leftovers from Thanksgiving. Oops!I really wanted to try the chicken but Sylvia said the ribs here are good too. What a dilemma! Good thing I was able to negotiate with a good friend for us to share the chicken dinner and the ribs dinner...the best of both worlds. Then there was a debate as to what sides to get then my tastebuds told me I should have fried pork chop instead. After all that, I got so thirsty for some sweet tea. The dinners come with 2 sides and cornbread for $11-19.Despite the starvation, we were laughing and telling jokes the whole time we were there until the food came. The whole restaurant got quiet quick. The food was THAT amazing.Cornbread:There's not too many places that wowed me with their cornbread. It's up to you to put butter and honey on your cornbread. It was cornbread...nothing unusual. 3/5Mac n Cheese:I dislike runny and soupy mac n cheese. Kathy's wasn't. It was thick, creamy and the cheese sticks to the macaroni. 4/5Mashed Potatoes and Gravy:Made with real potatoes. You'll come across some bits of potatoes. The gravy was pretty tasty. 4/5Ribs:This is the wet saucy kind and not the dry-rub kind of ribs. A little spicy and a little sweet. The meat was easy to get off the bone with my fork and knife. 3.5/5Fried Chicken:You get 3 pieces of breaded and fried chicken. They're not heavily-breaded and are seasoned well. No salmonella-scare here either as each piece is cooked to perfection until the breading/skin turns golden brown. You get a leg, thigh and breast. The skin...oh my! I had to close my eyes and savor how good it was. 5/5The food is made fresh and you can tell that it was made as if they were feeding their own family. So, the food takes a while. You don't rush good things.Tuesday to Friday you can get their fried chicken sandwich until 5pm but on any day you can get fried catfish, fried pork chop, hotlinks or BBQ spareribs. The dinners are fried catfish, fried chicken, smothered pork chop, fried pork chop, smothered chicken, oxtails, chitterlings, meatloaf, chicken fried steak, shrimp etouffe or gumbo. The sides you can choose from are cabbage, mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, black eyed peas, rice, coleslaw, red beans, fries, potato salad or peas. They have family meals with 16 pieces of chicken and sides to-go only. They have chicken fingers. For dessert they have banana pudding, peach cobbler and sweet potato pie.
4	The best fried chicken in town seems to be KFC...Kathy's Fried Chicken, that is, of Kathy's Southern Cooking.  The fried chicken dinner is $11.75 and gets you three pieces of chicken, corn bread, and two sides.  Sides were decent, corn bread was good, but the chicken absolutely steals the show.Service is casual but super friendly.  Food is made fresh to order, so be prepared for a bit of a wait; our party of eight was there for 2-3 hours.  For fried chicken!  It's so worth it though.  The breading is not too heavy, is cooked to that perfect golden brown, spiced just right, and encapsulates a perfectly cooked, juicy piece of chicken.  My friends are now no longer allowed to recommend fried chicken to me, unless they've tried Kathy's.
5	Kathy's Southern Cooking has THE BEST fried chicken!  Absolutely delicious.  The mashed potatoes and gravy, and mac and cheese also rock. Everything is made fresh, so to avoid waiting at least a half hour, call your order in beforehand.The staff at Kathy's is always pleasant. They care about producing quality food and they do not disappoint.This is the only place I will go to when I want fried chicken.
5	Look, the food at kathys speaks for its self. Matter of fact its singing the gospel to you with every blissful bite. Now I know soul food like my last name, I was practically raised by the waitresses of soul food restaurants that my pops took me too, not to mention soul food is the only thing my grandparents cook and eat. With that said, the food at Kathy's southern kitchen is by far one of my top five on my list, no question, hands down with ten toes on the ground this spot is on there job. Last night was my second time eating here, the first time a family friend took me and my folks here when we first moved from L.A like six months ago. We came in and seated ourselves because it was only like four or six tables in the joint and besides some dude waiting for his take out order there wasn't any other customers there. We were greeted, Kathy said high and Tiny came over and took are order. I got the smothered chicken, greens and mashed potatoes n' gravy. My girl got ox tails, somebody got the catfish and I forgot what every body else ordered ( it was six months ago and there were five of us so I refuse to remember all the details.) It took about 30-45 minute's for all our food to hit the table witch is quite a wait but there cooking the food to order which is all cool with me, ill practice a little patience. When  Tiny did come with the plates it was evident that it was worth the wait. My smothered chicken was hot, fresh, and the gravy was thick enough and flavorfully but didn't make the chicken too soggy. I had two wings and a breast and they were all moist on the inside, no dry choking hazard white meat here. The greens were good, perfectly seasoned, made me wish I had some pepper juice ( its a down south thing when they get some peppers put them in a jar with what I think is vinegar and let it sit on a shelf for a couple weeks, its bomb on greens ) I could tell the mashed potatoes were made from real mashed potatoes, and that brown gravy on top was no joke. My whole meal was delicious in every meaning of the word. I pressed my girl for some of her ox tails and they were delicious as well, tender, nice size and flavor on point. The food gets my praise, yeah it might be a little pricey but its money well spent. The staff is hella' cool, it feels like I'm just going to the homies moms house for a plate. Kathy's kitchen is were its at bottom line.
5	I had some wicked pregnancy cravings for Southern cooking tonight... so I stopped in to cure it.  Thank you so much for the delicious food!   Felt my baby move for the first time tonight... I'm sure she was giving this business a high five!
5	I checked the reviews before I came here & had a pretty good idea what to expect. I called ahead & placed my order because I read it would take some time because it's made fresh. Staff was super friendly! Food was good & I LOVE next day, cold chicken & it was AMAZING!! The prices are a lil high so it won't be a regular dinner but we will definitely be back!!!!
4	All I can say is the service and food here are absolutely implacable. I ordered three meals for three people, carry out. The hot link & fries, catfish dinner w/greens and yams, and the fried chicken dinner w/yams and red beans & rice.  The staff and cooks REALLY believe in turning out an excellent product here. The store is clean and for soul food, they stand head and shoulders above any Las Vegas restaurant I've ever been to. My food all ended up being shared by my family because everything was so good, we all had to sample each others! My only disappointment was that I did not get my greens, but I received a very tasty macaroni and cheese instead. The mistake however is bitter sweet though, because I get to go back and eat here again. If you are from a different place and craving your hometown's soul food cooking, I urge you to go see Kathy's Southern Cooking...you won't be disappointed.
5	Wow, there are a lot of restaurants that claim they can cook southern style.  Until you visit Kathy's, you haven't even come close to one that can live up to it.  We had fried chicken, cornbread and greens that I am still dreaming about.  Kathy and her staff are friendly and want their customers to enjoy their meal, we did, you will too!
5	I've been feenin for some good fried chicken and when our fellow Yelpers Nelson and Sylvia invited us to eat at Kathy's I knew this place had to be legit.We arrived a bit before 6pm and we were immediately greeted by the staff.  Talk about Southern Hospitality! Each person greeted us with open smiles.I ended up ordering the 3 piece fried chicken meal with two sides and cornbread.  The two sides I ordered were the sweet yams and the collard greens. The wifie ordered the same meal but with the mac and cheese. Be prepared as the chicken is made to order so it took a good 20-30 min. but it was well worth the wait. As our food came out my mouth started to salivate as pieces of chicken were pretty big. It came with a breast, leg, and thigh and it was cooked to perfection, crispy on the outside but nice and juicy on the inside. It had a very light crust that packed a lot of flavor. I like my chicken with a good hot sauce so had to smother some Louisiana hot sauce on it for some heat.  I felt like a kid again saving my chicken skin for last. I was even a bit jealous as the wifie's pieces were a little bit bigger than mine. The sides were good but the highlight of the meal was the chicken. I hope to come back and try their other southern dishes maybe even order a fried chicken family meal just for myself. These types of hole in the wall places usually serve the best food. If you don't mind the area then I would definitely recommend checking out Kathy's Southern Kitchen
