4	This is a darling gem of a 50s restaurant in Allentown. It's spic and span inside with more coca-cola paraphernalia than you can shake a stick at. It's also the best deal in town on two items: 1) The diner cheeseburger with french fries for $2.99, +50 cents if you want all the fixings. This is a VERY generous portion of food, freshly cooked and way way better than McDonalds. I also stand by their stuffed 6" subs.2) Friday and Saturday deli meat specials. Where else can you get an assortment of meats and cheeses for $2.99 / pound??? Seriously. If you must have land-o-lakes american crap-cheese their special is $3.89 / pound EVERY Friday and Saturday. But I'll be eating the provolone, swiss, or hot-pepper cheese for cheaper. Make this your Friday lunch spot and your deli savings will buy your lunch. If that doesn't keep you coming back, the friendly service will.
3	This diner feels like an old country store.  You walk in and there is the deli to the right and the dried goods to the left.  You walk to the back of the store and you enter into the dining area.  I really feel as though I have been transported back to an earlier era when I enter in and sit down.As we seat ourselves, a cute little waitress (mama?) about 4ft tall shuffles by and asks us for our drink order.  In her heavy accent, she says "Okay" and shuffles off.  When she returned with our Pepsi, we order the following:Ham and cheese with home fries2 eggs, over-easy, toast and pancakesThe food was quick to come from the kitchen and we dug in.  Everything tasted as it should in that generic way.  The eggs were properly cooked as was the omelet.  The home fries were soft and tasted of potato and the pancakes were good, too.  I must say, that this is a first for me when it comes to a restaurant -- I am neutral.  I don't feel one way or the other as far as if it were good or bad.  To me, that means that this is a 2.5-star restaurant.  Why does it get the bump-up then?  I laugh every time I think of Mama shuffling around.
5	This is the best diner/deli around. The owners are so nice, its immaculate, great selection of foods, nostalgic, an assest to a struggling neighborhood. Make the trip someday. You wont be sorry.
