5	I never thought I would pole dance but a friend suggested I give it a try and I loved it! Lindsay is great and the atmosphere is extremely comfortable. Pole dancing has been a great work out for me and makes me feel so confident in my body!
5	If you are serious about learning pole tricks this is the place to go. Lindsay is a fantastic teacher.  She is patient and so sweet.  She makes you feel so comfortable and the classes are so fun.   You are on the pole learning tricks the entire time after the warm up. I wasted 4 months at another studio where they want you to go to their studio for a year and you still don't learn as much as you can learn at Prowess in less then 1/2 the time.  Also, the other Tempe studio only has 4 poles in a class room and the instructor is on one so you are always taking turns on the pole. At Prowess there are enough poles for everyone in the class.  Additionally, Prowess teaches on spinning 45 mm poles which are the poles that are in competitions. At the other the poles are 50 mm static, which is an outdated style. The 45 mm is so much easier to grip then the bigger 50 mm. Checkout the drop in classes to see if you like it or sign up for Level 1 series to try it for a month, you won't regret it!
5	Prowess Pole is probably the best place to go if you're looking for pole classes! Not only is Lindsay Green a kick-butt instructor, she's also enthusiastic, warm, and experienced! Even when every part of your body is saying, "NO!", Lindsay is still saying yes, and pushing you to your limit! This is the ULTIMATE workout, and by the end of a walk-in beginners class, you'll be BEAT!I also recommend the private instruction; if you're not sure what level you're on, or just want to work on your own, take a private and see what happens! Lindsay will teach you that you can surprise yourself with your abilities, and she'll always make sure you're safe and secure! For goodness sake, just GO HERE!
5	Prowess Pole is a wonderful place to start your passion for pole! -The new studio is spacious and clean;-The instructor is fantastic, motivating, and helps you every step of the way; -There are performance opportunities in the studio if you wish to show off some of your skills to friends and the general audience!It is a very welcoming and safe environment for those new to pole and are unsure of their abilities!! 5 stars ;)
5	I attended one of Prowess' Cirque Saturday events and it was fantastic! Lindsay's (the studio owner) students are very talented and all of them spoke very highly of Lindsay and all of the instructors at Prowess! If you attend one of these events, even if you are not familiar with pole dancing/pole fitness, prepare to have your mind blown!Prowess also offers Power Yoga with MoJo! Saturday mornings at 9:30 am, and the first class is only $5! Get ready for a great workout with plenty of encouragement to help you along the way. They also offer professional massage in-house and sell top of the line pole dance apparel (Pole Fit by Bad Kitty).Lindsay and all of the instructors are super cool, enthusiastic, and knowledgeable about their craft. If you ever are curious about pole dancing or want to take any classes, I highly recommend going to Prowess Pole Fitness!
5	Lindsay Green is Amazing...if you want fun mixed with fitness look no further than Prowess, you will not be disappointed.
5	Prowess Pole is THE place to go if you want to learn how to be a bad ass pole dancer.  Lindsay really knows her stuff and has been doing this for 8+ years!  She will show you an awesome pretty trick and you think "There's no way I can do that!" but she will break it down step by step and give you insightful tips to nail it.  And, she also cares utmost about safety and has mats to place under the poles and will spot you personally on the more difficult tricks.  Other places may teach 'sensuality' and not even get to inverting for months and months, but at Prowess Pole, the focus is more on developing strength with grace and flexibility.  I love this place! Can't get enough, and I recommend it to all my girl friends who are interested in trying out pole (and even to the ones that aren't!) ;)
5	Really great studio, we went for a friend's birthday and had a wonderful experience! Lindsay Green was a great teacher and we had a really fun time! Highly recommended, can't wait to come back!
5	If you are looking for a pole fitness, aerial fitness, or yoga class in the Phoenix area, Prowess Pole Fitness is the place to go! Lindsay, the owner, is very experienced and knowledgeable. She is encouraging, positive, and supportive, and she takes a personal interest in the success of each and every individual student. Additionally, Prowess is really the only studio in the area that focuses on strength and acrobatic tricks. If you are looking for a fun, intense workout combined with a fabulous community of supportive women, look no further! It is also great that Chase at Prowess offers manual therapy sessions- so if you are sore or (knock on wood) injured, you can schedule a session with him and get fixed right up. I've worked with Chase on several occasions, and he has always known exactly what to do to fix any tightness or injuries that I may have.Go Prowess!
