5	WARD is the best bartender. I hope that when I grow up one day I can be JUST like him. When he tells stories, they're so amazing, you'll want to hear them twice ;)
4	If you're looking to hit the patron train wreck jackpot- stop in to Irene's any day of the week.  I will definitely be back to watch mistresses and first dates happen.The bartenders are charismatic and actually know what it means to be a bartender. They have multiple locations, but I've only been to this one.
5	Love this bar! GREAT affordable food! Awesome gambling promotions! Free Slot Tournament on Sat night at 7! Bartenders are the best!
4	Great little neighborhood dive in Chinatown. Cheap beer and comfort food. Lots of dart boards and cold beers on tap. Like Arnold said, "I'll Be Back!"
5	Irene's was my favorite spot to drink whilst on vacation. We ordered a pizza and I don't remember what my bf ordered, a burger, I think? Our pizza was really good. I think it had jalepenos and sausage. And maybe extra cheese? It was like $7. Had two drinks while we sat and enjoyed the company. The bartender was so sweet and friendly. They have a daily contest where you can win cash money if you come a few days a month and gamble there. It wouldn't work if you don't live there so I tuned out on the details. I don't know why we even bother with the strip. Get off the strip, people. See the real Vegas. Leftovers were yummy the next morning, cold or warmed. It's a dive but a good one.
4	I ordered here for the first time last night. I ordered a extra cheese pizza and wings. The pizza was good but the wings were great.  The wings came with ranch dressing that was delicious and  tasted like it was home made, The ranch made the whole meal come together. My family loved the wings and and said they were one of the best wings they have had, I would agree. For those who don't want to go into the bar and eat they have a separate entrance for take out food. The prices are reasonable and they staff is friendly
5	When I lived in Vegas I was right behind the place. I was coming home from a mid week bender in the strip. Didn't feel like going home and I was all jacked up on vodka/red bull and hungry. I stopped in here cuz I hadn't checked it out. Met someone right away from the Chicago burbs. Bartender was a cool guy. Had a pizza and I'm from Chicago so I'm a pizza snob. I was kinda drunk but that fawker tasted great. Had a beer or two then stumbled home and passed out.
3	This review is only for the food. I work right next to this place and we order food from here a lot. I've tried burgers, pizza, salad, tacos and breakfast and have not been disappointed. The prices are extremely reasonable for bar food. The cheez louise pizza is a 12" with lots of cheese and the price is like $6.50 and its enough for 3 people. I always call my order in and it's ready in 10-15 minutes. Food can be picked up through a separate entrance so you don't have to go through the bar which I appreciate. Fast and cheap just how I like it.
