4	Despite the name, it's not a gym - it's a gay club that features vocalists, drag revues, go-go boys in cages, and male strippers, all of whom fortunately work out when they're not working here. Two-for-one drinks from 6:00 to 9:00pm nightly.
5	Where do I start?Yes, after 30 minutes, whether you smoke or not, you WILL smell like a gigantic ashtray when you leave.Yes, it's a bit trashy and probably the best place to troll for a lunchtime shag.Yes, they have strippers, and drag queens and karaoke....OH MY!!!!And, I gotta tell ya', probably the most laid back drunken brawl of a good time that you'll never regret.FLEX should be a Vegas landmark.  If it's not, make it one now on your own terms.  If you're pretentious and need to be in a smokeless ultra lounge, I would suggest anywhere but here. ( or maybe a procedure to remove the "no fun" stick from your booty.)So......go to FLEX...NOW!!!!  Get FLIRTY, Get DIRTY, Get KRUNK!!!!  Cuz at the FLEX if you don't.....you don't belong.   Goobah Gahbah ONE OF US!!!!!! ( I know it's not subtle at all, but i really wanted you to know what it's like there.......if the above makes no sense then look below.)A gay lounge with full bar and a few pool tables.
4	My last night in Vegas on memorial day weekend I headed here with Tiny (Luke) and had a blast. Charles the bartender who made it clear that he only works Mondays and Tuesdays (he is sooooooooo cute...) treated us with such care that I am planning a trip back in July just to go say hi. Overall drinks were poured generously and the clientele was entertaining. Of course by the time we ordered our 3rd cocktail we were getting close to missing our flight and had to slam it and run back to our hotel to pick up our luggage. Unfortunately I didn't get to see the whole Flex scene but hopefully next time.  Would I go back ....oh hells yeah...
2	Was visiting from out of town, so called this place to see when their good night was and they said it was Friday, when they have drag show and strippers/dancers.  Called Friday evening to find out time of drag show, and person who answered phone said midnight.  Us 8 visitors arrived at 11:45pm, and by 12:45am, the drag show still hadn't started *and* there were no strippers or dancers anywhere.  Place only had about 20 people, with an empty dancefloor that was about 10' x 10'.  I was embarrassed to have brought my fellow visitors to this place--wish we had gone somewhere else.  The only good thing was no cover and they had 2 pool tables.
3	OK, my party visited Flex like 4 years ago now...so this is a retro review of Flex circa 2005/6.  Anyway, we arrived earlier in the evening (9, 10??) with a group of about 7.  Later in the evening, there was drag performers...who were very nice and patient with my quite drunk sister in law.  It never got crowded the entire evening...and the patrons looked like locals who wanted to play lottery at the bar.   Anyway, the drink were moderately priced -- and the staff was adequate.  The place is smaller...with some pool tables.  The "stage" is not really a stage at all, as its located in a small corner of the bar.  Anyway, we enjoyed our stay at Flex for the most part...but we haven't been back, so I don't know what that means :-p
2	I would give it a much higher rating except that they only have one bartender on Saturday nights and he is no good at all IMO. This means you will wait a loooooong time to get a drink and when you do get it it is sloppy and often the wrong thing.
2	The reason I'm even giving this place 2 stars instead of 0-1 is because the drag show was pretty entertaining.The Bartenders are amazingly friendly and around 11 they have a $10 well all- you- can-drink-all-night special. Aside from that... WOW!!! HOLE IN THE WALL in a crusty neighborhood next to a strip mall. I wasn't expecting much after perusing the reviews left on Yelp but I really didn't expect to be walking into a smoke filled nightmare. funny thing was they actually had a VIP section. i'm kind of ranting here but it's because I can't wrap my brain around how horrible the place is. It's like going to a garage party when you were in High school but take away the hot guy you had a crush on and replace him with the 8th year senior that's at all the parties. oh and i had to do laundry after because EVERYTHING i was wearing smelled like the carpet in the suncoast casino. Someone should turn the ventilation system on.
4	Sure this place is trashy/trailer park ... but it's fun. and I can't believe no one has had the balls to talk about the private rooms. There are small rooms with curtains where you can go with the strippers for a private show. This is the best part of this bar. I did a private with a Russian stripper. Best lap dance I ever had.
5	I love this neighborhood bar which i heard is now under new ownership. Make sure you check out the Queens of Las Vegas - the best and most creative drag show I've ever seen. The bartenders were great and everyone was so friendly. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
2	Okay, after reading the rest of the reviews, we were obviously there on an "off" night. The place was pretty empty and not much to write home about. However, the service was quick and friendly and the price were pretty damn cheap. I could see this place being fun on a night when the right crowd is there, we just weren't there on that night.
5	Amazing! Dont be fooled by the location, it looks  sketchy, but the "What a Drag" show on Saturday night is the best, the drinks are great and love the crowd :-)
