5	Sushi/ Sashimi/ Appetizer or Hot dishes, anything is good! They come with a reasonable price too.Will come back again! :)
2	Mom always said, if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.... But what the hell. Yamaza sushi in Chinatown........ Good ambiance, quick service, and that's it..... Food is hit or miss. I know its a "All you can eat sushi" place in Chinatown, so expectations shouldn't be too high, But if you are paying around  $30 per person, I'd expect the food to be good.In the menu there's a section (Big rolls). So we ordered 1 "big" roll of the dragons eye. When it arrived, we couldn't help laughing. It was was super thin roll, a bit smaller than a Loonie. I guess this is where I'll take mom's advice and shut up!!!Food -  OkService -  QuickAmbiance - Trendy & CleanWorth the money - Nahhhhhh
3	Yamaza is the reason I have cut off "all you can order" restaurants. It's a restaurant concept that I think has gone past it's expiration date just as the 90's craze with buffets did. I was with a party of 7 and we ordered in pairs of 2s and 3s so as to not over order and reach over each other to get to the grub. Apparently this was a foreign concept to them because it took some back and forth to get them to understand how we can't order for 7 people with varying tastes on one sheet. After sorting that out, we began ordering and receiving food that was not only the wrong food, but delivered to the wrong people. I understood then why 2 or 3 sheets were a bad idea- they had no idea how to handle it. We were seated in a 10 seater booth and I can't tell you how many times one end was shouting to the other on what was on the east and west ends of the table. It was kind of amusing. The other amusing part was the fabric of the booth itself. The "leather" was so rubbery that you couldn't shimmy your way to one end of the booth to the other without shifting your pants, boxers, and shirt nearly backwards. Funny at the time, but funny as in I'm laughing at you, not with you. The quality of the food was hit or miss. Some of the sushi pieces were minuscule, some larger.  None of the sushi that we ordered really stood out. The seaweed salad was awesome and so were the garlic shrimp. Those two items stood out amongst the rest of the dinners mediocrity. In fact, if this was a restaurant, I'd consider coming back for it!One of the servers offered to take a photo of the group, which I thought was quite nice and textbook customer service. I noticed that a lot of their tags had a lasalle college logo on it, meaning this was probably a stage for quite a few servers. Even though some orders were wrong, the servers for the most part were very nice and attentive. I would not go out of my way for this place. I think the concept of all you can order was already treading a fine line with me, and this experience has finally led me to write it off altogether. 3 stars is me being nice and realizing my bias against all you can order restos.
3	The place is surprisingly nice and trendy, surprisingly because it's located in Chinatown. The service was good and the food was just OK. It is an all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant after all. Ever since I've discovered restaurants like Kyoto and Japon Sushi Bar, my standards for sushi are pretty high, which is why I would just give an OK for food. The price is nothing special either, same price as anywhere else.On a side note, my BF went to the men's room and there was no more soap left. Just makes you wonder...
2	I remember going to this place when it was part of the Sushi Palace chain.It was pretty good with a rather large selection, even at lunch time.Went with a Groupon when it became a Yamaza and the food was still pretty good and the evening selection was even bigger. Lots of non sushi items and there is a weekend selection with even more stuff! Went back for lunch time, (HEADS UP) They advertise AYCE for $10.95, all other Montreal area Sushi Buffets charge about $15-16. But there is a catch, $11 only gets you 2-3 kinds of soup, imperial rolls and salad as appetizer choices. You also get a selection of 7 Hosomaki and 7 Futomaki Selections. You can choose to pay an extra $5 and get Sashimi , Nigiri and some Chinese items. There was something very off about the sushi this time around, the rice was simply un-edible. There was simply too much vinegar in it, drowning it in soy or wasabi did not help.I known this is not meant to be the best sushi ever, but getting the rice right should be the first thing you do when you run a sushi joint. Anything non-sushi is good (fish, soup, avocado, tamago, eel, etc.)I really hope this was a one-off since my other 2 trips were satisfactory. The decor is nice and the service is more attentive since it's not as busy as Sushi Crescent and the others in downtown West.
1	Food is okay. Nothing special. Waiter and waitress are okay. No attitude. But the system is bad. Very unorganized or just all All-you-can-eat sushi tend to forget the orders. More than half of our order never came.  And some of our second order was missing. I have a main question is how does normal roll sushi or tempura come before sashimi?! Don't recommend it.
4	I mainly go there for sashimi at lunch for 15 bucks. If you have an urge, you can't beat the price for an AYCE :)Sushi is ok, and waiters are nice.
1	Disappointing. Against my gut instinct to go the dumpling place next door - I went here with my better half and we left truly disappointed. This place was expensive, and the food was terrible. Most of it didn't taste fresh and had no real flavour. Miso soup. I took half a spoonful and I stopped. I think that was just liquid salt - it was dark, and truly the saltiest thing other than pure salt that I have ever put in my mouth. Wretched. The hand rolls weren't fresh tasting at all, the rice was chewy and probably cooked quite a while prior. The rolls were nice, and not unpleasant, but not memorable in any way. Had a couple of hot items which were also - more "matter" than food. Sashimi was actually pleasant and fresh - but cut into such tiny and uneven portions. Nonetheless was good. Salmon in particular was still nice and fresh. Overall we felt the cost did not justify the result - and we weren't impressed with an imposed 15% service charge for our party of 2. I did not leave the full 15% service fee (though I paid the whole bill). This place was a true waste of a good location - regrettably won't be going back (what with so many other options in the city). Sorry Yamaza, but you lowered the bar...
1	This was the worst sushi I have ever had. Horrible service.
