5	As Donkey would say: Wo O O W.  Have you SEEN the views from here?!  Nestled beside Pinnacle Peak Mountain, with views that last forever into the valley - and hey!  ck out that sunset - do you see the moon?  Look at those STARS!Ken was the most efficient, knowlegable and attentive server - good grief, I was almost (but not quite) getting uncomfortable by his outstanding attention and prompt service - I mean did i look like a celebrity ???YUMmmEE caramlized pear flatbread pizza!  And funky handmade potatoe chips with sweet & spicy dip.  Huh, interesting!We later moved inside, onward and into the catacombs of a private wine room in Talavera, the adjoining dinning area ... but THAT is another story... review.... experience..... Of course - i'll be back!  r u kidding ?!?!
5	Always a good idea. This hotel bar has a life of it's own, beyond the resort.I've enjoyed my stay at Troon North a few times and always find myself at the bar...but not just for the drinks. This hotel watering hole is a destination for more than just hotel guests. A place to see and be seen pouring a decent drink at Four Seasons prices. But you get what you pay for.Beautiful people and views fill your eyes and the quick service, even from a packed house, will keep your glass filled. Onyx is great for a date night, pre-funk or to close the house down. I suggest all the above.
5	A cozy little lounge at the Four Seasons (Troon N). $15 cocktails but with the service to match, and a patio view to simulate a little getaway of tranquil serenity. I left feeling refreshed; that couldn't have been a bar.
4	Great food, wine and service here. It's truly living up to being a Four Seasons establishment. Loved the squealing pig Sauvignon Blanc. Can't find it anywhere else but I continue to look. Excellent food. Staff made great suggestions. Highly recommend.
2	Okay, the view is spectacular!  We had appetizers and drinks.  The appetizers were awful!!!  Very sparse servings and just blah.  The drinks were okay, but very expensive.  Service was ok.  There is just a rude vibe here.  There are so many other places to go where your dollar goes a lot farther and the food tastes great.We will not return.  We have had much better luck at Proof, which is on site and much better offerings.  Go figure!!
5	Steven is one of the best bartenders! Excellent drinks but also kind, thoughtful and funny. Great combo. Repeat customers and my best friends and I will return. Samara is great too.
5	It's the Four Seasons, when you get an invite for free apps and drinks- YOU GO! They had the most breath-taking views and the live music was on point. I had a moscow mule and then some bubbly, the apps were fabulous! I hope to go back again one day!
