5	One of the best place to buy denim in Arizona!  The Hub stocks a wide selection of the latest styles, including a lot of European designers.  Come to think of it, the store has a definite Euro vibe that is quite different from the over-the-top girly girl SoCal look that is ubiquitous in Scottsdale.   The store has a equal balance of mens and womens clothing.
1	I hate The Hub. It is just obnoxious. It all like "I wanna look like I have nothing, but wanna pay through the nose for it!". I mean the brand Deisel alone makes me irritated. It so "I hate my life! Its so hard!". Also the staff prertend to know the product, but if you ask enough good questions you'll find they know nothing more than you could have deduced. Eww. Yuck. gag.
3	Hub is fine if you're looking for some denim.  I wouldn't go so far as to say it has a great selection, but it is really the only place I know of in the state where you can find a pair of Nudies.  Aside from that, the rest of the brands are pretty standard, with Diesel being the big name.  If you know your fit, it is usually better (and cheaper) to shop online.Their service is good, though.  I was on the hunt for a pair of (Nudie) Straight Sven and, while they didn't have any in stock, the salesperson took my name and number and called as soon as they did.  When I came back to the store some months later, he remembered my name instantly.  Pretty cool.I never go out of my way to buy a pair of jeans at Hub, but if I'm at Fashion Square, I'll always make a stop.
3	I like Hub simply because they have a good selection of Denim. I wouldn't buy (or couldn't afford) anything else here, and perhaps that is this place's downside.  Their new location is much bigger and open, and the staff is cool and helpful. It would be cool if they mixed in a fewer lower price pointed items (why I like Urban Outfitters so much, they mix in a nice variety)  The owner is nice and accommodating, as I once had a issue with some diesel jeans I bought here. He had them fixed for free.  One complaint is the return policy, its 10 days, no cash refunds..on unworn merchandise. With designer clothing I know people try to return an item after wearing it, (maybe they realized how much they spent, and have a financial epiphany) but 10 days, no cash! That is a bit strict. I have bought 3 pairs of Diesel jeans here over the years, and I like them all still. They last forever and are very durable. But sometimes the refund policy is like a good warranty, you need a little security in this world of dangerous denim don't you?
3	Right when I walked in, Veronica approached me and was super friendly.  She helped me pick out a few pairs of jeans and a button up shirt to try.  I didn't end up getting them; not because I didn't like them, but because each item was over $150.  That's just too much for me.  Great selection of high end jeans, and great customer service, though.
4	Best Feature: Modern AmusementI can see why this place is big enough to be in Scottsdale Fashion Square.  It reminds me of those ridiculously hip places on Melrose Blvd.  I was pretty excited when I walked by and saw the Modern Amusement Keren Ann T-shirt.  After a quick stroll inside, I found the rest of their Modern Amusement selection (pretty limited, but better than nothing).They are also one of only carriers of G-Star apparel in this part of the US.  Most other places only have it available per order (which defeats the purpose since you can get it online anyway).I believe their only downside is a lack of a clearance section, however, it's Scottsdale so 'nuff said.
5	I can't afford the clothes here but that doesn't mean I don't shop here anyway. The cheapest pair of jeans I've ever purchased at Hub is $185. The money I spent on the most expensive pair could have fed an entire tsunami-destroyed village for a month. But, alas, I'm not a secular humanist. I'm a realist who really loves a nice pair of Diesels. And holy christ do they have them. Like no where else in Phoenix... they on the cutting edge of men's jeans. I took the knowledge that I swiped from Hub about the latest Diesels to the Diesel store in Vegas and they were asking me how I knew about certain brand new styles. I can't believe I don't know the sales dude's name by now (mostly because I'm too arrogant and self-absorbed to ask) but he knows his shit and is totally chill and doesn't try to pressure me too much because he knows I'll be back. Or Maybe just because he has a soul. Who knows!? I. LOVE. Hub.
5	I love love love the clothes there!!I can only afford it at the season sales rack. Once the season ends there are clothes on the rack 75% off. I got a really really cool jacket for 40$ marked down from 200.00unfortunatly I didnt know about this till last season, ill be going there at the end of every season now!! especially when winter is over, know one buys jacket in az after winter.
5	I love to shop here. I go broke shopping here. How I wish I was super rich to actually be able to afford buying these clothes.
5	Hub has always been a favorite spot for me. I continuously find the newest trends in fashion and I know not everyone will have what I buy. I was lucky enough to hear about their big sale and I thought I would share with you all. Almost everything is 30% to 70% off! Diesel, G-Star (love the jeans), Ella Moss (sooo comfy and really cute), Mike and Chris and that's just for the women. I found amazing Diesel, John Varvatos, and G-Star items for my hubby and it was 30% to 70% off too! Seriously you have to check it out. The sale isn't going to last forever so hurry on in. It would be crazy not to! I hope everyone finds as much as I did! Happy shopping!!
4	A friend of mine referred me to HUB after hearing me complain about the lack of denim shops in AZ.  It's a nice place with a good selection.  Staff was friendly and not too pushy which is always a plus.  Bought a pair of Nudies and although they were a bit pricey I'm happy with my purchase.
4	Great store with a lot of cool clothes!  It is true with all the other reviews...the regular price clothing can be a lil steep but you have to check out the sales rack.  I got a pair of J Brand Jeans that were originally $225 for only $68!!!  I seriously should have considered buying two pairs!  The customer service is really great and everyone is very helpful and finding your size and recommending items.  If you're in the mall, be sure to just stop in and check out the sales section...definitely worth your time!
4	I struggle with this one. The total hipster "I'm too cool to talk to you" vibe is so annoying, I avoided Hub for almost a year. If it weren't for the rare selection of G Star for women, I wouldn't even give it a second bother. I always found the sales staff to be over the top fake and aggressive, luckily that has calmed down a notch. Don't get overly excited, they still are overbearing and suggest things you really don't want to try on while you are in the fitting rooms. However, the staff in general is much more calm and relaxed than what it was a few years ago.Tom, the owner has the pushy salesmen quality, however, he knows his stuff. Want to know if you look fat? Or if your ass is flat in those $200 jeans? Tom will tell you. He will quickly offer you an alternative, but that is 100 times better than buying something unflattering. His younger employees haven't really caught on to the whole "being honest" thing, but maybe some day they will get there. My biggest wish for hub is that they would expand their price point a tad. After springing over $200 on jeans, you kind of would like the option to buy a top for $40 to $60 or a necklace for less than $300. I also wish they would tap into the local designer market, and feature local designs from Phoenix. They sort of lost the small boutique feel when they expanded and moved to their bigger location. I still prefer to work with Jesse when I stop into Hub. He is very calm, nice, honest and easy to work with, not to mention he has worked there forever.
5	Very pleasantly surprised!  With my hips I'd pretty much given up on finding designer jeans to fit.  But the staff at Hub were very helpful - they must have brought me 10 different lines - but sure enough, i found two lines of jeans that fit me great - hips and all.  Only had to do a minor tailoring on the waist - which they did for me.  It wasn't cheap - but for someone who had pretty much given up all hope, it was worth the price!
5	I live in LA and Hub is still my favorite store.....enough said
5	Best jeans shop in town, local owned and great folks!  Thanks Jessie and Jessica for checking in with me when my favorite jeans are in, and also for your help finding new cool brands..
5	I recently was in town to celebrate my birthday and was on a mission to find the perfect boots and some killer denim. After visiting Nordstrom, Barneys and Saks I was starting to get discouraged because I wasn't finding what I wanted. Lucky for me I came across Hub Clothing. The moment I entered this boutique I knew I had found a denim goldmine. The denim selection was amazing; they offer all my favorites along with skinny/long options. (Being a 29x34 it is very difficult to find denim that fits properly.)The customer service was stellar! I literally tried on 10 different pairs of denim, but the sales clerk was very helpful with her suggestions and willingness to grab me different sizes. I went in looking for a new pair of Nudie denim but walked out with 2 pairs of Naked and Famous along with a pair of boots. I look forward to my next visit to Arizona so I can go back and shop at HUB.If you love denim, Diesel and G-Star then this is the place for you. It definitely isn't the cheapest fashion spot, but that is to be expected when purchasing quality clothing. I have done a lot of shopping in my 32 years and I think that HUB Clothing is my new favorite store.  Five stars for inventory and customer service. See you in December!
5	I love HUB. I've been coming here since they were located on the lower level, which is two or three locations ago from where they are now!    To the guy who said that their stuff hasn't changed in 5 years, doesn't know what he's talking about.  They seem to carry something new every time I visit.  To the person who said they need to widen their price point, they haven't been to the store enough to see they really do hit all the price points with their denim.  They're not going to start carrying Wrangler or low grade Levis but they do have very good quality denim from the 150$ price point all the way to the 900$+ special editions I've seen there.  If you go when they have sales, you can score a nice pair of really high quality denim for under a 100$.  I think I have enough trips and experience with the merchandise and staff at HUB to know what I'm saying.  Everyone is really friendly, Jesse, Alyssa, and Tom, the owner.  I have over thirty pairs of denim from HUB and that isn't the end of it.  I've purchased belts, boots, shoes, underwear, laptop cases....  if you want something unique that no one else has, go to HUB.
5	I love Hub! This is the only place I go to buy jeans. The selection is great, the best part is they have my size! 24' waist, size 0. Hard to find a good pair of jeans that fit. I bought a pair of Nudies from here three years back. The jeans still look barely worn, no rips, the denim isn't faded. I am a firm believer of quality or quantity. Sure the clothes are a bit pricey but it's worth it. All the clothes I buy from here last me years! The customer service is excellent as well. They are always giving amazing suggestions and are great people just to chit chat with. The positive, up beat atmosphere really makes me feel welcomed. I don't live in Phoenix anymore but every time I visit I always hit up Hub.
5	Always a big fan of the HUB, one of the only stores to have cool clothing in AZ, and I am referring to 10-15 years ago, they were one of the first.
5	Great selection, high end stuff. a Must stop for those looking for quality clothing in Phoenix.
2	HUB has changed a lot since Tom left.  Their customer service took a nose dive, the selection is not as great, but I will give them a pass since their space is smaller now.  HUB was the place to go if you're looking for hard to find brands but now with Barneys in the mix, their selection is no longer impressive.  I understand the space is smaller, but you can still differentiate your selection to stay competitive.  Oh yeah, and whoever the new owner is, please tell your sales people to stop texting when there are clients in the shop.  I was in the shop for 5 minutes before the dude noticed I was in their.
5	Great selection, great brands & great staff!! What can I say-  the owner really knows her business!  I love dealing with her directly as she knows what fits my body & always gets it right!!
5	LOVE the Hub!!  The first time I shopped for jeans there was in 2006 - and I haven't gone anywhere else since.  They have the best selection of jeans, and not the usual trendy stuff that you see on everyone in Scottsdale.  The Hub staff are absolutely delightful and they are amazing at helping you find the perfect fit, which makes shopping for jeans so much fun.
4	nice clothes are sold in this store.
