5	My kids go to this gym and I have been extremely impressed with the training they have received.  The staff at this gym share more than just training, they help foster a sense of responsibility.  They encourage the kids to take responsibility for themselves and train hard in a well structured environment.  This helps the kids develop a strong self esteem and a sense of accomplishment as they master each task.
5	After training at several martial arts gyms in town,  I made a home at One Kick's Gym. Master Nick is an amazing coach. He cares about every one of his students. He promotes a drug free environment and fights to get kids off the streets. Whether you just want to get in shape or want to fight in the pros, One Kick's Gym will help you achieve your goals.
5	One Kick's Gym is as good as it gets. I have 2 boys that train at the gym and they both love it. My older son (7) trained a little Muay Thai at a gym before we found One Kick's, and although the coach was very competent the gym was lacking in substance. One Kick's Gym is the only gym that I would ever consider for my boys now that I've found it. Master Nick is the best there is at teaching kids all of the skills that will help make them good people. Confidence, respect, self worth, discipline, and teamwork. He also teaches the kids how to fight harder than anyone in town, just go watch one of the shows and you will see for yourself. The kids there are the nicest kids you could ever meet. For all of you hesitant parents, there are no bullies at One Kick's, that problem doesn't exist there. All of the staff there are as qualified as they come, very professional, patient and understanding of each child's needs. Definitely a place to take your kids.
5	signed my 6yr old son up for kick boxingbeen to other places and they are like chuck e cheese for karate. this is a real gym, with a real background and exposure to martial arts. master nick and staff are proven pro's and great with kids. if you doubt what they teach, attend some of the sanctioned events for muay thai local in las vegas and watch what skill comes out of that gym!
5	Master Nick and Master Lookchang are the best, the gym is family friendly, both of my boy and my daughter have trained here.  Great Boxing, and Muay Thai training  and the home of Carlson Gracie Team LV.  Highest recommendation!
5	I have been training here for about a year and have learned more in a year here than I have training three years elsewhere. I train under Ishamel Motta for Jiu jitsu and no gi with Mark Dickman. Both instructors are world class fighters and I am fortunate to study under them. I have just recently started Muay Thai under Master Nick and Master Look Chang. I am excited for a new beginning.
5	Everyone in the Vegas area knows or has heard of One Kick Nick and for good reason. He is a world class coach and martial artist with tons of experience. His gym is top notch. He trains everyone from kids, women, your average person looking to get into shape to the highest level professional fighters in kickboxing and mma. With his martial arts system, I've seen him help change the lives of troubled youths looking for guidance and something to focus on. He has even turned some of these people into professional athletes even or just set the on the right path to be successful in life.   One Kick Gym offers Muay Thai, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as well as Mixed Martial Arts training with a world class coaching staff.  You won't regret checking it out. In my opinion, one of the main differences between One Kick Gym and some other gyms is One Kick still addresses the martial arts aspect into his system. The respect and discipline some other gyms who only focus on fighting lack these days. Bottom line is if you want to be successful you need to surround yourself with successful people. OneKickGym.com
5	I was referred to one kicks gym by numerous friends and seen their business all over town and heard lots of great things so I decided to sign my son up for his classes they do a great job teaching the kids Jiu Jitsu  Muay Thai and kickboxing they take time with all the kids and teach them respect and manners and they have been in the business for a very long time and really seem to know there's stuff
5	I was visiting some family for two weeks in Vegas and needed a place to train Muay Thai for awhile I was there.. I found One Kick Gym and enjoyed every minute of it! Kru Lookchang is a great instructor and is very specific w/ how he teaches technique. Also very authentic and traditional. Kru Nick, the owner, is a great instructor as well! The classes are so big but there are assistant coaches who walk around and help out. Crappy attitude was no where to be found at the gym :) Kru nick was very welcoming and so were his students. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to train there!! I will definitely be back soon :) PS: the facility is air conditioned :)
