5	Just had my colon scoped by Dr. Patel at SE Valley Gastroenterology.  This guy made the Phoenix Magazine "Top Doctors" list this year, and was the only gastro south of Scottsdale on the list.  The entire process was great.  Very friendly, professional staff, relatively easy prep the night before, and completely painless procedure with a good briefing at the end to me and the Zombie Girl.  Awesome doctor, awesome facility, great people all-around.  Brak's coveted 5-star recommendation!  Get your rotorooter job done today, especially if you're 50 or in a high-risk group.
5	The new address is 875 South Dobson Road Chandler AZ 85224. On the south east corner of Pecos and Dobson.Amazing Doctors and office staff, I highly recommend to family and friends! 5 MD's 2 PA's & 1 NP.A++++++
5	Dr. Sandeep Patel is the most amazing doctor.  He makes you feel so comfortable about things and always has a smile.  Wonderful office staff also.  Two thumbs up.
5	Dr Sandee Patel is OUTSTANDING! One of the best doctors that I have ever had.
5	If you are in need of an awesome GI doctor, look no further!  Dr. Bracher is simply fantastic and so is the whole team.  I was from CA and in very dire need of a GI doctor and as if the Heavens opened, I stumbled upon Dr. Bracher.  The whole staff there has been just wonderful no matter if it was for scheduling a procedure or a simple appointment.  Takes a little while for calls to be returned,(up to 24 hrs) but these days this isn't so uncommon.  I have yet to find anyone else in the medical field who listens the way Dr. Bracher does and he always makes sure all of my questions are answered.  Definitely would recommend this facility and Dr. Bracher to anyone!
5	Had the best experience here within a doctors office these past 6 months!! This was finally the first doctor office were i felt herd and comforted. I usually see Dr. Yaten patel but when i made the appt he was all booked so got scheduled with Jennifer Spohn. She was phenomenal! Very friendly and reminded me of my aunt in this field.  I recommend her if dr patel is all booked. Thank you so much for helping me figure out whats wrong with my health!
2	Don't go here unless you are an insurance expert, and do medical insurance for a living. After receiving my final balance of over one thousand dollars, I found out from my insurance that I am "high risk", and my procedure would not be covered. Even though I asked before the procedure, it was NEVER brought to my attention that I was considered high risk. Had I known that before, I may not have had it done? Really surprising to see all these good reviews. i'll be paying this off for awhile....
5	I was so scared and nervous to have my colonoscopy done but everyone here made you feel very cared for. I had my procedure done with Dr. Amin and he was amazing. He's so genuine and takes care of you really well. He answers all your questions and makes sure you are doing well even after the procedure. If I have to do this again, I know I will... I will definitely go here again. Great staff!
2	Been a patient there for many years. There staff is getting worst and worst with very little or nil customer service skills. Trying to get a message to the doctor is like going through a mine field...many different layers of rude staff asking the same questions and the doctor doesn't call you back!!!! Good heath care??? Questionable!!!! Not a happy customer of SEVG....will be talking to my primary doc to stop referring patient to SEVG hereafter....=(  Please understand there are some nice people that work there but the front office staff that greets  you and takes calls, they all suck!!!!! and I am being nice!
