5	A bunch of city folk (my family) heard about this place one evening and decided to give it a shot. It's located in the middle of god-knows-where and once the sun's gone down, it was certainly more of a trek than I am accustomed to. Once you get inside, though... man alive, you will be rewarded. The atmosphere is hilarious, the service really down-home friendly, and the mountains of meat they cart out and drop in the middle of your table are extremely special. And the sauce... oh what a fantastic sauce. Come hungry, leave the snobs and vegetarians at home, and you won't regret finding the Mining Camp.
4	I love the Mining Camp. Though I like to stay out of Apache Junction as much as possible, this is worth the trek. The atmosphere is fun and unique. The wait staff is super nice and friendly. You can't beat the all you can eat mounds of ribs and chicken that are thrown in your face. The prickley pear cactus jelly for the bread is amazing. All the food is amazing and everything is all you can eat.  The only reason that it doesn't get 5 stars is because the fact that they don't offer soda, only water and tea.
3	The Mining Camp is in a beautiful location, and the decor does make you feel like you're in an old mining environment. We got there before our reservation time, and had to wait in the gift shop, where there was no place to sit. The busy time seems to be between 5:30 and 6:30, so if you arrive outside of that time you may not have to wait. Seating is at long tables that you share with other groups, which is fine. There are limited drink choices: iced tea, lemonade, water, coffee. You can order a steak, or the all-you-can-eat combo meal which is served family style and consists of ham, ribs, and roasted chicken. Our sides included baked beans, green beans, and cole slaw, which are brought out quickly, along with fluffy rolls and raisin bread. Our server was very genial and welcoming. The amount of food served is substantial, but it's not memorable. Dessert was an oatmeal cookie, of the store-bought variety. Go to this place for the atmosphere and the quantity of food, but not for a tasty meal. I think I paid about $20 for my meal.
4	This place is full of kitsch.  Still, I had an enjoyable experience here.  The staff are very attentive.  (The fourth star is just for the staff.)  The food here is okay.  I had the bbq beef ribs and they were okay.  Average food plus brilliant staff = 4 stars.  I especially liked the guys dressed like old miners wandering about the place singing and playing guitar and a washtub bass.
5	What a great place to have a fun dinner with the family.  Did not really know what to expect but I am so glad that we went.  The staff is so nice and the food is great.  It is served all you can eat family style.  You get Ham, chicken and ribs.  It also comes with bean, cole slaw, green beans and fresh bread as well as drinks and cookies for desert.  You eat off of metal plates with metal cups just like the miners did back in the day.  The kids loved it as much as we did.  There is a cute two man band that plays and keeps everyone happy.Also I can not say enough about the staff.  They are all so friendly and helpful.  This is now our new spot to take out of town guests.
5	Mining Camp is something of an Arizona institution, as they're currently celebrating their 50th anniversary. The first thing to know about Mining Camp is that they're far. From everything.Situated at the foothills of the Superstition Mountains, you'll be driving further east than you've ever cared to when not making a trip to Superior. It's several miles off of Idaho Rd, one of the last exits on the US 60 before it splits up and heads into the hills. Mining Camp's traditional restaurant room is meant for family style dining. For $21.95 ($14 through 7/4/10 if you pay with cash!), you get an unlimited amount of rolls, chicken with stuffing and gravy, ham with pineapple orange glaze, green beans, baked beans, coleslaw, and ribs. Amazing beef ribs, the equal of which I have never tasted.The ribs are well-sauced; not a dry rub or anything like that. They're cooked until the meat simply falls off the bone, the sauce is a homemade BBQ sauce with a bit of a citrus kick, and they are probably the best cooked ribs I've ever had. Their chicken is also not to be overlooked. They make their own homemade stuffing out of their raisin bread and top their chicken with a delightful homemade gravy as well.The servers are nice and accommodating and more than willing to bring you exactly what you want, in any quantity. You are NOT able to bring anything home once you order seconds though, so keep that in mind.Our family does Mining Camp every Christmas Day. We have for the last 15 years now, and we intend to keep doing it as it's a lovely place to eat a nice holiday-style meal without having to deal with it at home. Truly fantastic, and we're thrilled their open every year.They've opened their other room as a separate, regular restaurant, but I haven't had the chance to try it. I don't really think I will, either, since if I'm making the trip out there, I'm going to gorge myself on ribs.
4	I went to this place once but I loved it!!! I love to eat and eating is what you do a lot of at this place! The entire meal was great: Ham, chicken and stuffing, ribs, coleslaw, green beans, baked beans, rolls and raisin bread, and cookies! The only thing I didn't care for was the prickly pear jelly they give you for the bread. My husband loves it though. I love the theme of this place and eating off the metal dishes was pretty fun. The only thing that was odd is that they say you should make a reservation. I made a reservation for a Saturday night at 7. When my party and I showed up, we were surprised to find the dining room empty. Why did I need a reservation again??? Anyways, Mining camp is a great family restaurant and a great place to go if you are looking for something different and for all you can eat!
4	I noticed the big "closed" next to the name on this place. It is not closed permanently, they just close for certain seasons/ months. I believe they are currently open... Go to their website to confirm if this is a place you would like to visit...
4	We've been visiting MIL in Apache Junction for 15+ years and I wish I would have known about this place before.  It's family style dining and all you can eat.  Great for large groups.  The ribs are awesome, the ham is very tasty, the chicken and stuffing is OK.  The gift shop is big enough to spend a little time walking off some of the dinner and you might find some little Western do-dad to add to your collection of do-dads.
5	I've never stayed in Arizona before.My boyfriend and I took his family there for dinner.It was so awsome.Everything was good.They served us "All you can eat" and we have big eaters in our family.The ham was great,the ribs to die for.All the food was good.The service was amazing.Friendly servers.I could go on and on.And they have  a gift shop!! OMG-I got the cutest earrings and all kinds of stuff for my family to bring back!! Never had cactus fruit jelly.They let you take it home,I love it!! Thank you mining camp for our great dinner.We'll be back.
4	Great food. Great service. They are not closed. They close from May-November.
3	I haven't been the the restaurant for about 6 years. I recently there with family. We all agreed that it wasn't as good as it used to be. The ribs are a different kind (smaller bones) and they were a bit stringy. The chicken wasn't well trimmed and it was pink inside, which is a no no. The green beans and other sides didn't seem as good either. About the only thing better was the cookies. Having said all of that the restaurant is still good, but for $20 a person it's not as good of a bargain as it used to be.
3	The service was good, but I just nibbled on everything, found it was pretty gross, and left feeling dejected and not hungry enough to eat anywhere else. Plus, after what we paid to eat there, I didn't want to spend any more money anyway. Not as cool as I though it would be and I'll probably never go back.
5	I'm vegan so there wasn't much on the lunch menu that I could eat, It was about 3:30pm, but our server said that there was a grilled vegetable plate on the dinner menu and I could order.  He was very helpful, and the grilled vegetable plate was well seasoned and the grilled red beets with a balsamic vinegar reduction was fantastic.
3	The view from the parking lot is amazing. This is your usual touristy place to eat, including a large souvenir/gift shop upon entering. The hostess & server will all friendly & provided good service. The ambience was exactly what you'd expect and you feel like you're really eating in a mining camp dining hall complete with metal cups, plates, utensils, etc. I give 4 stars for all the things I have mentioned above. The reason I only gave it 3 stars is because of the food. When you first sit down you are presented some under cooked dinner rolls (which I loved), cole slaw, & baked beans. The beans were good & the cole slaw was pretty good & traditional. Now the meat that you get... The ham was clearly processed (water added) & the chicken they served was the fattiest thing I've ever seen. The flavor of the chicken was okay, but the gravy they serve over it & the dressing made it & the dressing kinda soggy. The ribs I didn't eat, but my family said they weren't too good. Poor cuts of beef covered in excessive amounts of sauce they said. I probably won't be returning. I think based on the quality of the meat, it was not worth the $18.50 (including tax after a coupon). If you do decide to go, make sure you go to their website & print out the $4 off coupon (One per person). It's less of a hosing that way.
4	The drive is long but it's worth it.The place is really charming and the people kind. The bread with jelly was delicious as well as the pork beans.BBQ ribs were pretty decent but not the best ever. The ham and chicken were more in the average spectrum. It seems that they use canned pineapple for the ham, which is super sweet and gives an artificial flavor. The ham was also a little too dry. The chicken can be skipped. It's a good place to go for a day. Once you're there, don't miss the ghost town that is just 1/4 mile away.
4	BBQ ribs were pretty good the meat fell off the bone and the prime rib was good as well.It's a good place to go for a day. Once you're there, don't miss the ghost town that is just 1/4 mile away.The service was very attentive and good.
5	We just got back from our first visit here, and really enjoyed it!  There are 2 dining options, a steakhouse (which some people seem to have confused for this restaurant in some reviews) called Dutchman's Hideout which has menu service or a family-style restaurant, which is what we decided on.  The family-style looked pretty good, and for $17.95 and all you could eat, we went with that.The tables are long benches, so everyone can eat together.  There weren't many people there today, so we had a table to ourselves.  Immediately after seating, we were brought over a small kettle of baked beans, cole slaw and a basket of warm sourdough & raisin bread.  We both ordered iced tea, which comes with the meal (as do lemonade or coffee--any beer or sodas are extra).  My father once said, if the bread is good, then the meal will be, too.  It's always seemed to ring true, whenever we've not liked the bread, the meal wasn't too good, either.  However, in this case, the bread was warm and soft and tasted freshly baked.  Signs of a good meal a-comin'!The entrees were then brought on 2 platters, one had slices of honey glazed ham with an orange/pineapple sauce and roasted chicken with dressing and gravy.  The other platter had a bunch of ribs, sauced and fall-off-the-bone delicious.  We were totally surprised at how delicious everything was.  The ham was tender and sweet.  The chicken was also tender and moist, not a dry morsel in the bunch.  My husband isn't a big fan of dressing/stuffing, but he couldn't get enough of this.  We overheard someone mention that there's a hint of cinnamon in it, and that may be what it was.  Why does everything with cinnamon just taste so good??  The ribs were also wonderful, and the sauce was tasty and lick your fingers good.  Honestly, the only sauce I got on my fingers was from picking them up and putting them on my plate, because you can pull the bone and the meat just fell right off, so I was able to eat it with a fork.It is an all you can eat meal, so if you want seconds of anything, you just ask for it.  But be aware, whatever you order, plan on eating there, because they don't have "doggy-bag" service.  At the end of the meal, we were brought oatmeal raisin cookies which were soft and bendy, just how I like 'em!Overall, it was a fun and delicious experience.  We'll definitely make a trek out to Apache Junction again, maybe next time we'll try the steakhouse, but it'll be hard to pass up a meal like we had today.
4	Tonight we gorged ourselves on all you can eat bbq ribs, chicken with gravy, ham with pineapple sauce, green beans, stuffing, oven roasted potatoes, coleslaw, baked beans, raisin bread, biscuits, and oatmeal raisin cookies.  If that sounds like a lot of food, it definitely was!  We rolled ourselves out the door afterwards, stuffed to the gills with delicious food.We started the meal with bread, biscuits, coleslaw, and baked beans.  The bread and biscuits had a pillowy, fluffy-soft texture and came with butter and prickly pear jam to eat it with.  The coleslaw was a nice tangy-sweet mixture, and the baked beans had the perfect balance of sweet with acidic flavor.  The meats, green beans, and potatoes came next.  The ribs were fall-off the bone tender, with a sweet, smoky bbq sauce.  The ham had a nice flavor and wasn't overly salty.  The chicken was tender, with moist stuffing underneath it.  The potatoes were nicely roasted, with a perfect amount of seasoning.  Out of all the sides, the green beans and stuffing tasted the weakest to me, as they didn't have as much flavor as the other elements in the meal.  The cookies as dessert were delicious, and had a nice chewy, soft texture.Service was warm and friendly, and drinks as well as any extra food items were refilled as needed.  Be sure to check out the little gift store before you go too, if you're in the market for kooky Arizonan knick-knack type stuff.
3	My experience here is unique since it was for a Christmas party, but I'm going to rate it anyway because my experiences must be heard! Background: I'm very particular about restaurant seating. I don't like to be crowded or have to stare some stranger in the eye when I'm trying to grub feel me? Okay. This place failed on both accounts and on a third the probably most important factor in seating, which is comfort. They had wood benches guys and my goodness it was sooo uncomfortable my back and my butt took a serious beating.  Plus, you were squished in and finally I had to not only stare at strangers while I ate they were within arms length. Eek!!! Now, onto the best part (usually) the food! I was majorly disappointed with what I was served that night. I was told family style bbq is the name of this restaurants game. Well, the meat was not quality and everything was swimming in gravy. Of course, your wondering why is this bad? Gravy=Good not in this case it was more like they were trying to either mask what the meat was or they were playing hide the flavor I don't know. Either way, what I was "told" the meat was I'm pretty dam sure it wasn't. The sides were acceptable. That is all. Kidding. The best thing I ate that night was probably bread it was hot, fresh and delish! There were also baked beans and green beans which were on there own very good but put all together and the dinner didn't mesh right. Finally, we come to the dessert; I was expecting pie or some other kind of random thing-boy was I right. They brought out oatmeal cookies and I'm pretty sure I saw them wad up the bag's they came in these were not made at the restaurant that's all I'm saying. The only reason this place is getting three stars from me is the entertainment. Unfortunately, I don't remember the band's name but they played wonderful music and had a really funny bit in between songs they liked too do. It was great and really helped me glaze over the fact that I wasn't eating. I was having to much fun watching the band to eat! To summarize, go for the band stay for the bread and then hit the dusty trail...
5	Dined here this evening. The food was excellent. The presentation was also excellent. Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and very professional. Service was top notch. We dined on the steakhouse side. There is another part of the restaurant that is family style all you can eat. That part was packed with people which tells me the food there is good as well. I will definitely dine here again.
4	Good steak service was awesome friendly atmosphere in restaurant. "Dog Fish" beer yum.  Great buns. & butter
5	I have to say I was a little sketched out by this place as we pulled up because it was at the end of a road and dark but the outside is no match for the food inside. We sat in the steakhouse and at our table we ordered BBQ Chicken Pizza as an appetizer, 2 different steaks, and a sandwich. Everything was prepared and cooked perfectly. One of the best steaks I have had. The presentation of the food on the plate as well was perfect. Props to the chef! The ambiance of the mining thing was cool and not over the top and they did a great job bringing this into the menu as well.For being in the middle of nowhere this was definitely worth driving out there!
5	Great food! Had ribs and ham with amazing sides!! They had a band perform tonight- the mc nasties lol! So much fun and great music!!! Highly recommend to bring you're out of town guests :)
5	Mining Camp was an annual tradition growing up in Apache Junction. Though I live in Los Angeles now, I try to make it back to Mining Camp once every year or two.As far as I can tell, the main all-you-can-eat family-style meal is exactly the same as it was when I first ate there 25+ years ago. The beef ribs are excellent. They're the kind of ribs that are slathered in barbecue sauce, so if you're looking for more of a Texas-style smoked rib, you won't find it here. The sauce is delicious, though, and the ribs are perfectly moist and tasty. Other meats include chicken with gravy and stuffing, and ham with a pineapple glaze. Both are good, but the real attraction for me is the ribs.Sides offered with the meal are abundant: potato wedges, green beans, baked beans, rolls and raisin bread. All are good, but my favorites are the giant fluffy rolls and the baked beans. The meal used to include drinks-- I think it was just tea, lemonade, water and coffee. The last time I went, though, drinks were an extra $2.50, and they also offered soda and alcohol. I'm guessing this is thanks to the recent opening of Dutchman's Hideout next door, where they have a full bar.They also offer steaks, a couple seafood options and even a veggie plate as alternatives to the classic family-style meal. These are not offered all the time, so be sure to check ahead with the restaurant if you plan on ordering one of those. For a while, I would order a steak when I came here, and they were pretty good, but I think from now on, I'll be back to the ribs, etc.All I've been talking about so far is the food, but another major draw of the restaurant is its ambiance. Situated in the foothills of the majestic Superstition Mountains and featuring a fun theme and occasional live music, the restaurant is perfect for everyone: young, old, couples, families. Locals, tourists and winter visitors all frequent the place, and have been keeping it in business for 50-odd years.Be aware that the restaurant is seasonal, closing for the hot summer months. Make sure it's open before you go!
5	I have been trying to remember the places that I was at when I was a child that I want to make sure to get my kids to and this is one of therm.  We went last night and it was just like I remember it from 35+ years ago.  They did say that it has been in business for 53 years now.  Same building, same tables, same metal dishes.  The food was great, the entertainment was great and the Superstitions absolutely gorgeous.  Thought maybe my tween/teen would think it too corny, but they enjoyed it too.  It's a must for native Arizonians and at the height of snowbird season, make sure you have  a reservation.  Still closed during the summer just like I remembered too.  My family had a great time.  Thanks Mining Camp Restaurant.  One more place checked off my list that I thought my kids needed to get to at LEAST once, but we'll probably be back sooner rather than later.
5	I always bring Arizona newcomers here. You can't beat the atmosphere and the good is good old home cookin! Also the gift shop has a wealth of information about the Superstition Mountains.
5	1 word: Yummy!! And $20 per adult is a great price for the amount of food you get. They have a sign when you walk in that says "Loosen Yer Belt".... Do it! Great view of the Superstition Mountains. Definitely a place to take AZ visitors!
5	We came here at the urging of an advertisement our 4 year old saw in an online commercial - so our expectations were not uber high. We drove out to Apache Junction, which was fun for us since we've never been out this way. We pull up to the restaurant and it is like a mini old west town. Our kids were in love. We purchased the dinner/show tickets and while we waited for our allotted time we enjoyed looking at the old wagons, train cars, and taking in the mountain back drop. We entered and were greeted by the friendly hostess and then perused the gift shop. We were seated and our eyes were immediately drawn to the metal cups and plates. The seating is at picnic style tables, so if this place is busy you might be seated closely to some strangers. Fortunately, the place was at about half capacity so we had plenty of room. The dinner/show plan has you eating for the first hour and then the show follows (about $27 adult $17 2-12 yrs). The food is served family style. We dined on ribs, chicken, and ham. These were accompanied by dressing, coleslaw, green beans, baked beans, oven potatoes and tasty rolls (sourdough and raisin bread). The food was pretty tasty other than the ribs were drenched in BBQ sauce - which I normally love, however this was too much for even me. Our kids ate up everything on their plate and were able to have one of the tasty oatmeal raisin cookies served for dessert. The service was really great and we felt well attended to. The show we saw was the McNasty Brothers Band which was a mix of music and humor. They honestly had me rolling on the floor laughing but their humor might not be for every one - it was so corny. Music was really great and it had us dancing (in our seats!) and tapping our toes. The only "ding" I can think of - the drinks do not come included in the meal and must be purchased separately ($2.50) - I'd rather pay $30 and just have it included, but that's just me. That's just me being nit-picky, though.Would we return? Well, our daughter wanted to stay for the show that started immediately after this one - so, I'm guessing she would vote a resounding YES! Yee-Haw!
5	Fantastic place great devote and a menu that goes on forever with the greatest choices .. Pot pies burgers ribs n steak bread pudding biscuits n gravy ! Wow I can go on but I want to take it all in .. Enjoy ! Great authentic wagons and buildings etc bring the family it's areal event
1	Terrible experience. Reservation at 3 they go ally got us in at 330. Even if your not eating you have to pay for a meal to sit with the rest of the party that is eating. Service awfully slow took 45 to get main meal and wait staff doesn't pay attention to guest. Ruined a thanksgiving dinner that's for sure. I would never come back here.
5	Mom loved the place ! It was another great experience visually and food was delicious as usual ! Must come and dine, its a western experience you don't want to miss .
4	Great home made grub.  Amazing burgers.
5	Our Moto ride ended early to globe winkleman due to road construction !! What good reason to stop here for lunch . They were very accommodating as we arrived early and with 12 riders cold and hungry .. Friendly service delicious food not just average rather fantastic
4	One of my favorite family spots in town. My kids really enjoy having chicken sandwich, accompanied by the great ambiance this place offers.
5	We showed up looking for steak, but were persuaded to try the "all you can eat" family-style service.  What a great meal!  We arrived around Noon so not many folks there.  Ate until we were stuffed.  Ham with pineapple sauce was phenomenal.  Chicken and ribs were delicious.  Eclectic interior with dinnerware that is a throwback to old mining times.  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  We bet you will too!
2	My husband and I had dinner at the Dutchman's Hideout part of the Mining Camp last night. It is supposed to be a steakhouse. Well we ordered the rib eye steaks and the flavor was good but the steaks were very grisly. The steaks were not cheap so we were very disappointed. Not sure if it was because they were busy but we don't think we will be back. The service was great but we did express our feelings about the steaks and our waitress just said she was sorry. I'm not going to compare them to Morton's or Ruth's Chris but The Outback has a better rib eye and I don't really like chain restaurants!The last time we were there it was really good. So perhaps it is hit and miss! I guess you have to go to be the judge.
1	We were there between lunch and dinner, around two or so.  We wanted to eat in the regular dining room that had a menu but there were no seats. We were forced to eat in the larger dining room that had the all you can eat food.  Expecting some kind of buffet, I was disappointed when we were served a platter with greasy beef ribs with too much barbeque sauce, two pieces of dry ham and cold greasy chicken.  The beans were good and the cole slaw was OK.  I would definitely not go back.
4	I had the prime rib. It was cooked to perfection. The grilled veggies were topped with olive oil and were tender and very tasty. I am gluten and dairy free and they do not use excess seasonings on the meats so I had quite a few choices. Atmosphere is cheerful and wait staff are friendly and knowledgeable.  Reservations recommended on weekends.
5	This place is well known for their food, atmosphere and the scenic beauty outside. We have been going there for fourth years and have never been disappointed. Bring the whole family, it's Great !!
5	Brought my parents for their anniversary.  It was a great hit.  We ate in their outdoor "barn" area and it was delightful.The staff was EXCELLENT.  The music great - my dad got up and danced.My parents raved and raved about it.Great overall experience.
