3	This Subway wasn't quite what it could be during my visit today, so let's get the bad out of the way first:*  Sandwich Maker Girl #1 was snarky.  She needs more training or else a job in a sewing shop!*  They were out of the cheese I always get on my Subway sandwiches, Pepper Jack!*  They did have one booth (Yeah booths!), but they had an empty Iced Tea dispenser sitting on it.  I went ahead & sat there, but didn't especially enjoy the company.There was good too:*  Girl #2 was nice, & piled up the goodies on my Sub just right!*  I really liked their new Chicken Dumpling Soup, as well as my sandwich!*  Great lunch for the money!SOOO, the delicious food & excellent value saved this one from a low rating.6" Cold Cut Combo $2!  (December Special.)  Bowl of soup, crackers, $2.Yum!     :-)
3	I have eaten here four times since I used to work in the area. The first three times were uneventful and dram free, as any lunch hour should be. The Fourth and final time time, however, I ordered a meatball sub. I took one bite (or tried to) of it and the whole this fell apart. It was a mushy mess. I got up to exchange it for a sub I could actually eat. The "sandwich girl" (I should have gotten her name) saw me standing there but waited on two customers before acknowledging me. I showed her my "mushy mess" and she actually asked me what I want to do about it. Oh........those were fighting words, but I kept my cool. I told her I wanted a new sandwich, but NOT a meatball. All she said to me, without even looking up from the cash register was, "I'll have to charge you .80 more." Oh good grief...whatever. I handed her my credit card. The purchase probably cost Subway more in fees than it was worth. Note to manager: Train your employees in customer service!
2	Let me start off with something positive. The two gentlemen that helped me this past week were very nice. Now for the bad...The past two times I've been to this Subway, they've been out of something. The first time it was tuna and this past week I went in and they were literally out of all the bread! All they had was a few 6 inch pieces of bread left that I could choose from and told me that they had flatbread I could use since I was wanting a foot long. I ended up getting the last two 6" pieces they had left which was a white and wheat bread. To make matters even worse, the door had been left wide open to the storage unit that they keep the bread in to keep it fresh so my bread was a little stale. Next, I get to the vegis and the guy tells me that they are out of a lot of the vegetables! How does that happen, Subway! It was around 7 that I went in so it's not like you were running low because you were about to close! And not only that, but the lids that are supposed to be covering all the vegis, meat, ect. to keep them from going bad were all stacked in the middle of the bar in a huge pile! It's safe to say that I'll be going to the Subway on 24th St. and Baseline from now on.
