5	Dr. Varela is amazing and Dr. Johnston too! I'm sad we are going to have to move away from this vet eventually because of our military commitment. The staff (I.e. Sheila) is amazing and I couldn't ask for anyone that loves my dog just as much as I do! The doctors never seemed rushed they will ALWAYS sit and go through every little thing you wanted to discuss and make you feel so comfortable. They truly care about our pets and I couldn't ask for a better vet for my dog. They will NEVER recommend unnecessary procedures even if you ask for them! I have gone in with a recommendation from someone that I need to get "blank" done and they will say " no, I don't think that's necessary to pay for you won't find results with that" truly honest vets. If you want a vet you can trust, go to Camino al norte!
5	I had an AWESOME experience with Dr Erin Cantwell.   I brought our Dog in on Easter Sunday of all days because I had a horrible experience elsewhere the night before....  The entire staff is extremely polite and helpful...  They didnt try to sell me anything that our dog didnt need.. They addressed the problem right away no hassles or upsells...  Dr. Cantwell was extremely thorough and informative.. She spent more time with us than I have ever had with any Vets office.. She answered all my questions and gave great suggestions and ideas for the future care of our Dog...  I have found our Vet's office from this day on... Thank You Everyone at Camino Al Norte Animal Hospital...  Your commitment and availability even on Easter Sunday is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
5	Plain and Simple....Take your pets here! I visited Puppy Boutique on Craig and Rancho( which also came very highly recommend...or a puppy store) and also visited Yelp in search for a good animal hospital. The recommendations all brought me to Camino Al Norte Animal Hospital. Although i was only there for a matter of 20 minutes, if that, my experience was all that it was hyped up to be! Dr. Varela was great and caring, his love of animals was obvious. JUST GO HERE! PLAIN AND SIMPLE!!!!
5	Best vet ever! We drive all the way from mountains edge just to update our cats on their vaccines because we only trust him!!!
5	I love Dr. Varela and the entire staff at Camino Al Norte.  They treat me and my gang like family.  I met Dr. Varela about 4 years ago at another hospital that was less than a mile from my home, now I drive from Henderson, 26 miles one way to bring my gang and my Mom's dog and cat to see him.  I have sent many people to him and everybody loves him as much as I do.   Thanks Dr. V for taking such good care of us!
5	Most people I see come here with their dogs and cats, but these doctors treat rabbits too! Being a bunny parent, I know how stressful it is to find a good vet that specializes in rabbits, but stress no more! Camino Al Norte Animal Hospital is a dream.We cannot thank Dr. Varela enough for treating our Netherland Dwarf rabbit, Momo. Less than a month after we got her, she became very ill to the point where she couldn't hop without falling over. We had to rush her to the hospital past midnight. Dr. Varela was very kind and patient with us despite the hour, and worked very hard to find out what was wrong with her. She had to stay the night at the hospital, and although I was very scared she might pass during the night, we called first thing in the morning only to find that she was recovering beautifully. She was prescribed some medicine and Dr. V suggested a diet change as well. She was back to her old self in about a couple of weeks. We also went back when she got the snuffles and Dr. Cantwell handled her so gently and was very informative. We are first-time bunny parents so her insight was invaluable.It's a great feeling to find not just A vet, but a veterinary STAFF you could trust. As long as we live in Vegas, we will not go to any other veterinary hospital but here, and neither should you!
4	Dr. Varela is amazing! This is one of the few "exotic" animal hospitals in the valley. I bring my rats here and will be bringing my hedgehog too. Dr. Varela is very gentle with my fur-babies and takes great care of them. He has had to remove tumors off of both my rats and because of him, they have lived long and healthy lives. I will always bring my "exotic" fur-babies to Dr. Varela, he is amazing. The staff here is also very good.
5	I have to agree this vet is awesome. My cat just had surgery for a bladder stone and they are taking such good care of her. I totally trust the doctor and staff. I never waited long to be seen. Hopefully I get to take my little girl home tomorrow. My cat also hates many people, but she felt so comfortable with the doctor. It was amazing!
5	As far as vets go, Dr.Cantwell is the best, but I'm sure Dr.Varela is just as wonderful (just overhearing him talking to a client in an exam room makes me think so). I've never been particularly picky about the vets I've taken my dog to, mostly because we usually only see a vet when he needs shots, but now I can't imagine taking him anywhere else. Even the office staff is stellar!The only reason this place should have anything less than a 5-star review is because Dr.Barton also practices here. The one time I was in there to see her, she seemed really cold and unhelpful; printed me out an estimate for surgery, and sent me on my way. Having only been my second visit to the clinic, it was an immediate red flag and I went to get a second opinion at Craig Animal Hospital. The vet I met with there was very warm and I got a similar estimate from her. Thankfully, I was able to meet with Dr.Cantwell and she took the time to explain everything and we set up an appointment for her to perform the surgery, and I'm back in love with this place.So all in all, even with my encounter with Dr.Barton, I still give this place a solid 5 stars, which I feel speaks volumes.
5	Recently got a new puppy and we wanted to find a vet near our place so we checked out this location. They are usually pretty busy but our visits have never taken long. The ladies at the front desk are very friendly and keep things moving. The prices seem reasonable and the place it always clean. Our pup has only seen Dr. Valera and he is so great with her. The waiting room has a slide show that is on the desktop and it gives you background on all the vets there as well as other bits of information about the clinic. That was probably my favorite part because I knew what kind of credentials the vets have. It's the small stuff that really makes the difference.
5	This is a great office! I take my two black labs here for their medical needs. The staff and doctors are friendly, they are open 7 days a week, and they are fast. I'm usually in and out within an hour. The pricing is also very reasonable. I would definitely recommend!
5	Awesome clinic, friendly staff, great customer service. Dog pooped out front and I asked for something to pick it up but they insisted that I not worry about it and they took care of it themselves. Got all my dogs shots here plus got her fixed and microchipped. The prices were good and they definitely took care of us as owners to make sure we were informed. They gave my dog more pain medication to take home than she needed which was a relief to have just in case. Love this place and will take my dog here so long as I live in North Las Vegas.
5	Dr.Cantwell is the best, she cares about my dogs and has yet to give up on diagnosing the infection that my dog has right now that even their specialist can not diagnose. I will continue to come here especially for Dr.Cantwell.
4	Dr. Cantwell is amaaazing! On my first visit, no appointment was needed. Upon meeting her, she was friendly, caring, and knowledgeable. My cat also found a liking in her. So, I asked her to get my cat spayed. By the end of the visit, she answered all my questions, provided suggestions, and even let me keep the carrier! Her service was exceptional. On my second visit, Dr. Cantwell was sick so I had gotten Dr. Barton. My cat wasn't feeling well the night before so I brought her in. Dr. Burton said it was impossible to touch her that anesthesia was needed. After that, she said a blood sample and X-rays would be needed. Before agreeing, my boyfriend and I asked if it was possible to determine what was wrong. She said she wasn't sure, which just meant she was trying to overcharge me for unnecessary procedures. At the end, she just handed me the papers, my cat in her carrier, and left the room. Wow, nice service. Never getting her again. It comes to show how much service really plays a role. I've heard great things about Dr. Varela but never had the chance of meeting him. I'd definitely recommend Dr. Cantwell. Dr. Barton is not even a thought. Don't let her ruin the reputation of this animal hospital. The other doctors are wonderful!
1	I have another vet that I typically take my cats to ( Dr. Steelman -Bonanza Cat hospital). I have currently have  4 cats, and I also foster cats. Last night one of my younger cats was in distress. She was in pain and rubbing her rear end, yelling in pain and I wanted to know why along with getting her out of pain. She has been known to eat tape and I was afraid that she had a bowel obstruction, so we took her to the closest vet " CAMINO AL NORTE ANIMAL HOSPITAL . We dealt w/Dr. Cantwell. She said that after her examination she couldn't feel anything wrong. That an x-ray would help on her diagnoses. She also told my husband that it could be a UTI, and would need to rule out everything for $225.00. She found nothing wrong. Dr.Cantwell called today and said that the x-ray was looked at by the radiologist and it confirmed her original assessment. I asked Dr.Cantwell if she would prescribe antibiotics as a precaution. Of course she said no, that she needed to perform a urinalysis on her for an additional $65.00. I am sorry , I have already spent almost half my mortgage payment and I have NO answers. I told her that too. Dr.Cantwell didn't care about the well being of my cat over the all mighty dollar. After living in this town for 30 years and also being a cat owner for 26 of those years..this was a total rip off. She is right up there with Craig animal hospital who went to spade my FEMALE CAT THAT i HAD RESCUED, and gutted her open only to find out that she was a neutered MALE cat. FOR $225.00 I expect something to help my cat feel better even if it is sedation, or pain meds. In a desperate situation yes, this hospital will suffice. But Lord help you if she can diagnosis a problem and send your pet home thinking that everything will work out. Dr.Cantwell has no problem sleeping while your pet suffers and she drives off in her fancy car. Disgusted and ripped off by another 2 arm bandit in Las Vegas. For $225.00 you would think she would at LEAST give her a pain shot.
1	This review is based on boarding at the Hospital, not necessarily the sick care.  I started taking my dog to Camino a while back for shots and other things.  I have seen Dr. Varela several times and don't really have an issue with him but their boarding service is absolutely horrible!!  Animal Hospitals should not board unless they have enough staff to spend time with the animals and give them proper care.  I was boarding my dog regularly and had several issues. I noticed that every time I got home my dog was extremely thirsty and was running for the door to use the bathroom.  I have a large Rottie mix and he can easily go 5-6 hours without acting this way.  I told Sheila that I didn't think my dog was being taken out.  She said she checked and he was being taken out every 2-3 hours.  I don't believe that at all.  The last time I boarded (a couple of weeks ago), he peed on the floor when the girl brought him out.  I asked her if he had been doing that and she said sometimes he was peeing in the kennel.  My dog HAS NEVER done that after being boarded anywhere!!  I'm absolutely convinced that my dog was getting little to no attention whatsoever.  I'm furious to think of my dog sitting there for 2-3 days like that!!! The girl at the counter, Michelle totally ignored what was going on as if she didn't hear it.  She was quite curt at other times as well.  The next day, I called Sheila and told her what happened.  She told me that they had several complaints about Michelle. She assured me that she would check into it and call me "when I get to the bottom of it".  A week later, I assumed I would not be receiving a call.  Very poor customer service. DON'T even think about boarding your animal there unless you want to have to wonder the whole time you're away how your animal is getting neglected!  I tried to save money by going here and it wasn't worth it.  For the time being, I have taken him back to Petsmart on North 5th, more expensive but my dog is much happier, better taken care of, played with and walked regularly!
5	I dropped my tiny chihuahua (11 months, 6lbs) off to be fixed and the process was fast and affordable (around $135 including microchip fee and bordatella shot). Check their website for the occasional special/coupon for discounts - especially first time clients. Done the same day within 3 hours. I didn't expect this and was at work - they let her stay for several hours at no extra charge. This was over memorial day weekend and while they do board pets at very cheap rates (I believe $10-15/night) they fill up fast on holiday weekend.This office has found the key to success by having the Receptionist and the Office manager be the same person, super friendly and efficient. I believe Dr Varella performed the surgery but I don't know, I left my dog with him - he didn't seem so hot on personal interaction but who cares if they can take care of my pet, they're fine in my book. Don't let the location/name scare you - great office, great staff fair prices and legitimate service. We'll be back in August for shots/vaccinations.
2	After taking my two rescue dogs here for about 1year my opinions have changed. They all have been very nice and good to my animals. My dogs get yearly exams, shots, and one teeth cleaning. They have always taken their time with me and answered my questions during the exam. Nice.  The two questions two of the vets couldn't answer were not followed up on like they said they would. Not the end of the world. However, this summer I was informed by the office manager and Dr. Varela that he would not be taking either of my dogs into the back without giving the the optional Bordatella shot. Their 'new office policy', sent down from above.  They gave a handful of reasons and Varela got uppity and scowly with me so I quickly debated. Went ahead with it because I wanted to get the inexpensive procedure done on one of the dogs that day, and pick up the free coupon RX diet food for the other. Fine. The procedure done on one, two trips into the back room for weights & measuring for the other to get her free food and I was out the door. Do you think I had to pay for a Bordatella for the other dog who went back twice? THEY DIDN'T EVEN ASK! How "mandatory" could an optional/voluntary Bordatella shot be if they don't even follow their own regulations?Shouldn't the pet owner be able to decide this? I think all pets should have their legally required shots and surgeries! The rest is at my discretion, as I see the need for. Especially when Bordatella is designed to prevent kennel cough when dogs are boarded. Boarding my dogs? Never!Bordatella shots are currently $10.00 and last 6 months. Each dog X 2 shots yearly per each pet owner = you do the math and watch your pocket book!
5	Dr Cantwell is amazing! She was very helpful and not at all pushy or uninterested in our puppy like other vets usually are. I brought my puppy in because he was breaking out in pimple like bumps from an allergic reaction. Dr Cantwell examined him and was quite sweet and caring with him. She prescribed some medicine for him and asked to do a follow up exam to rule out any other potential causes/problems. Usually from my experiences with other vets, they're either pushy on unnecessary treatment or they don't have that caring connection and interest in your pets as if they're just a number. Well not with Dr Cantwell!I highly recommend this hospital. If I ever have any emergency needs, I will definitely take my puppy here.
1	My 13mo old husky Nahla was hit by a car on Christmas Eve while visiting California,  we did all we could to stabilizer her in CA spending almost $5000.  She was diagnosed with a fractured left leg and pulmonary contusion, and pulled 100cc of air/fluid from each lung, and the prognosis looked okay, just needed to have her leg repaired with a rod.  And was put in an oxygen tank for several hours and was released on the 26 at 7am and wanted us to take her back to the vet that stabilized her so we can get surgery on her leg.  Well I opted to take her to Vegas to her regular vet here at Camini Al Norte as I was comfortable to have Nahla closer to home.  Little did I know after calling them 2x before taking her that they do not do the surgery there and I asked about making payment arrangements since I depleted our funds when we were treating her in California.  So they said they don't so that and they would have to so X-rays.  So we were able to come up with funds and as Dr. H calls us in the room, she said the prognosis was bad, and said by listening to Nahla's chest she has fluid in her lungs once again, and that the repair for her leg was secondary right now which I understand.  So I requested pain meds so I can take her home to let her pass with us by her side.  When I paid the bill it was for the exam as well as the pain meds and noticed Nahla was not even put under the X-ray.  So it hurts me to believe that it was because we didn't have the money initially (but was able to come up with it without mentioning it to the vet) that they denied to really do what they can.  We left at 1:00pm from Camino Al Norte.   So Nahla has been eating and still breathing the same as when we left California, she tried standing and kept falling on her front left foot.  I pulled the bandages off and she still has the catheter in her arm, which I brought Camino Al Norte her IV bag (which was disconnected) from the Cali hospital.   So Camino Al Norte did not really check her.  I called the California emergency hospital to let them know if I can remove the catheter myself and they were kinda disgusted with the treatment here in Vegas and asked if we wanted to take her back there.   But Nahla has been through too much already, so now I'm just going to take her to another vet in the morning to remove the catheter and get a second opinion.   I am so heartbroken and can't stop crying.  My baby does not deserve this at all.  I feel so helpless right now.
1	Unless you enjoy being told (on multiple phone calls into their office) that the pricing is one thing and then arrive to find out it's nearly double, I would steer clear of this vet. I have taken my dogs here for almost two years. While I was not thrilled that they REQUIRED a flu shot for my dog to be boarded there, that was about the worst complaint I had for them .... until two days ago. My daughter received a kitten for her birthday and I called right away to schedule an appointment to have her spayed and declawed and make sure she was brought UTD on shots. I spoke with the receptionist and she told me my kitten had to be 12 weeks old. Even though we had a week to wait, I still confirmed all pricing with her because I wanted to ensure that I could budget for what I believe is a decent expense. I was told the spay was $65, the front declaw was $85 and the shots would be about $40. I called back the following week to schedule the appointment to bring her in and spoke with the receptionist again. This time she explained to me that the age for this type of procedure was 16 weeks, so I would have to wait an additional 3 1/2 weeks. I was not thrilled with that, but agreed - what else could I do? I confirmed pricing with her once again and was told the EXACT SAME THING. Three weeks later, I called and made her appointment. I made it for the morning of  at 8 am to drop her off. I was a little annoyed that they had not even given instructions on not feeding her after midnight, making sure she didn't drink, etc., but I arrived and signed her in, sat waiting for the vet in the room for 20 minutes and was finally ready to get the show on the road. The first thing the vet did was attempt to pressure me into over $100 worth of bloodwork incase the kitten was sick with some disease that the bloodwork would reveal. I expressed that I was not prepared to take on that expense and would like to move forward with the spay/declaw/vaccinations. She then talked to me about the procedure and said "You are aware of the pricing?" I said yes and quoted exactly what the front desk had told me - $65 for spay, $85 for front declaw and about $40 in shots. She got a shocked look on her face and said that was not right. Then said she would be back. She came back in with a print out and the cost of the declaw was double. It turns out there is a $40 block and a $40 pain injection that are added to the $85 cost of the declaw- bringing the total to $165. When I had a fit because that is not what I was told over the phone TWICE when I requested information, she actually had the nerve to tell me that I shouldn't have discussed pricing with the receptionists because they aren't always accurate.I'm sorry but when I call into your company and ask about pricing and someone tells me, I assume they are accurate. If they aren't capable of sharing the correct information, don't allow them to handle customer service.I left upset and disappointed. I told them I would not be back with my cat or my dogs and would be sure my mom pulled her dog from their location too. Her response? "Ok. Sorry" That was IT. Now I'm on the hunt for a good, reputable vet that can do the spay/declaw/vaccinations. So disappointing. Don't go here ... find someone who can accurately quote pricing and cares about your animals instead of their checkbook.
5	I am a dentist and chiropractic physician (both retired), so when I called this office for my cat, I was astounded when the person who answered said this:  "Can you please hold or if this is an emergency......".   I cut her off at this point and said that I would be glad to hold. When she went back to her ongoing call, I looked at my wife, who found this practice on Yelp and told her that she had chosen wisely.  In all my life, I have never called another health care professional and been given the choice of getting through immediately if it was an emergency.  People who have never had an emergency have no idea how huge these few words can make.  I am embarrassed that I never thought of asking my office managers to say that.When we arrived at CANAH, we were treated better than any of our own personal health care providers, ever.  Then we met DR. JONATHAN SNEAD.  As a doctor myself, I have a clue as how to judge a colleague.  Dr. Snead is over the top.  I wish he had been a dentist when I was practicing so I would have had someone of his caliber to whom I could have referred patients when I needed a specialist.  I wish this practice treated human beings. Stephen G Knowlton, DMD, DCNorth Las Vegas
2	When you walk in all they see is dollar signs. They constantly try to up charge every little thing then make you feel like an unfit pet owner when you decline. My dog had a cancerous tumor removed in January 2014 and came back in May for an unrelated hematoma in her ear. For us to proceed with hematoma surgery the dr tried to insist we get 210 x rays done. She then also said we should biopsy another "growth" that was in face just the surgery spot from January where she left a lump at suture spot. Then when we let them know we would complete surgery and go to another vet, a mysterious $6 unpaid charge from January occurred even though I pay all my bills in full. Bad accounting, a dr that quite frankly only seems half there (kept calling my female dog a he)....
2	I posted a review a while back and apparently it was deleted. I'm assuming that's because the veterinarian responded asking me to call him directly to get the situation resolved - unfortunately, I attempted that call three times - each time leaving a message with the office staff (Lydia I believe) and shockingly, never got a return call!I have taken my dogs here for a while and after getting a new kitten, decided to take her there as well to get all of the shots she needed, as well as have her fixed and front declawed. I called the vet on 3 different occasions. Once to find out the cost, the second time because the front desk girl had told me I had to wait until the kitten was 13 weeks old, so I called back then to schedule ... only to find out - oops, she was wrong - it's 16 weeks. SO I waited another 3 weeks and called back, once again confirming the pricing. I was told she would need $40 in shots, the spay would be $65 and the front declaw would be $80. I made my appointment for the very next morning. I got there prior to opening and waited for someone to unlock the door. I walked in, signed in easily and then was put in a room to wait for the doctor. When the doctor came in, we discussed everything and she asked if I was aware of the pricing. That is when I repeated exactly what was told to me for the three services I required. She looked shocked and said no that is absolutely not the pricing and she left the room. When she came back she had a print out with her and we went over everything listed. While the amounts I had been told were correct, someone forgot to mention the addtional EIGHTY DOLLARS for a pain block and something else related to the declaw. So the declaw suddenly doubled in price - while I was standing there in the office. I explained to her that no one had given me that information and I thought it was quite a large mess up to just be brushed under the rug. She recommended that I not talk about the cost of any services with the receptionists that answer the phone. She said she was sorry, but I would have to pay it. I took my cat and left. They have now lost my business and my mother's (as she always took her dog there as well). If you cannot accurately share pricing ... you shouldn't be answering the phone.
1	i can not write a review without clicking on a 'star'- this veterenary place does not deserve any star at all!  worse service ever, staff are impolite, theres this asian front desk/back office staff that is rude and dreadful- she thinks she's all that! shes got the i dont care attitude!and dont even get me started with the so called vet doctors, we waited for almost an hour in room 4  to wait for that vet to see us!where is/are the owners of this dump???   clearly we can see that customer service is not priority! hey if you want to do good business- shame up or ship out!arrogance is the word! this place deserve no star!!!do us all a favor! close down your business!!! now!!!!!!!!!!
5	My dogs, Tony and Ziva, have been coming to this office since my husband and I got them a year and a half ago. We have always had amazing service from the time we enter. The ladies that check us in are always professional, friendly and we feel like they really know the dogs. The doctors are staff are great. We have mainly worked with Dr. Gaudin and she is fantastic. She has helped us work on trimming down our dogs to an appropriate weight, looked at elbow issues with Ziva and today listened to all of our concerns about allergies for both dogs. You can tell that she loves animals and works to get to know her patients. I certainly recommend this office to anyone looking for a vet on the both side of town!
5	This place is awsome! Dr. Snead sincerely cares about animals and does not try and upsell his services. The entire staff has been great every time I have visited. Also, this is the only place in the area that can handle exotic pets as well as domestic cats and dogs. I would highly recommend to anyone.
5	It is not easy to find a vet who handles reptiles and is available. I have a Jackson's chameleon with a lip infection. I arrived early in the morning and my chameleon was checked out and treated within an hour - without an appointment. Now, that's what I call excellent service! Dr. Snead knew what he was doing and the front staff was friendly and helpful. Thank you Camino Al Norte Animal Hospital!
4	After recently getting my puppy, Lil Porkchop and being new around town, this is probably the only veterinary clinic in Vegas I trust. The first time I came here was when my dog wasn't being himself and was feeling sick so I was scared that maybe he had gotten parvo. Tried to evaluate and diagnose what was wrong with him then eventually he got tested and thank God the results came out negative. Turns out he was just feeling sick from the fluff he chewed up and ate from his bed. We figured that out when Dr. Cantwell was taking a stool sample from him and found a string of fluff from his butt. But I guess that's when I really started to like Dr. Cantwell. She was amazing with him. She's was nice, sincere, and helpful. The staff members are also nice and welcoming. Second time I came here was just a follow up on how he was doing and to get his 12 week shots, and still got the same welcoming warm treatment. I have no problem with her or this clinic. Some of these reviews talk about how all they care about is money which I can totally see that. I feel like every tiny problem I call about my dog, they always want to bring him in and I feel like it's kinda unnecessary. But overall this place isn't bad.
