5	i love the gym!  no really, i know that a lot of people say they love the gym, but i actually do.  yes, i still struggle to go sometimes but when i'm there i just love it!  i think it's mainly the feeling i have at the end of my work out as i strut my stuff back to the locker room knowing how hard i just worked.  yes, very happy endorphins pumping through my body!  and the satisfaction of knowing that i've finished my work out for that day.i've been a member at pure gym (ocean terminal) since the start of july.  i bought a three day pass to try it out in june and was initially a bit underwhelmed with it all.  the price was right, but what was i getting besides just a big room filled with lots of gym equipment?  my underwhelment forced me to try out another gym that had just opened along the road from my work and thanks to this gym (very small and sad and expensive!) i realised how great pure gym was!!!yes, it still is a big room with lots of work out equipment stuff in it BUT it also have loads of people having awesome work outs in it and friendly staff and personal trainers that wander the floor so you can ask them for help when needed and it's an amazing price for a gym that is open ALL THE TIME!!!  not like i would go to the gym at 3am, but it's nice to know if i wanted to i totally could.  also since there is loads of equipment (dozens of treadmills, cross trainers, step machines, and bikes and at least two of every weight machine) i never have to wait for anything.  the only negative is that they have a very small area for doing things like sit ups and stretches which makes it hard to find a mat during the peak times.  it would be helpful if they could expand this somehow....seriously though, i love this place and always regret the days that i'm lazy and don't go because i know how great i would feel after a work out there.  so happy i joined and that i can now strut my very much more toned self both in and out of the gym :)
4	ok pure gym, you know i love you.  i'm there at least three days a week and spend at least an hour and a half each time.  so why aren't you showing the love back?a few weeks ago you added an awesome TRX station where the rowing machines used to be and you moved the rowing machines to where the mats were for doing sit ups and stretches.  however, you didn't move the sit up/stretch area anywhere... there are a few sad mats around the TRX station and just two squeezed in by the rowing machines.  i really find this unacceptable as i'm sure a number of other gym users do as well.also, i've put not one but two comments in your comment box and have had zero feedback on this matter.  so now you've lost a star because i'm not as in love with the gym as i used to be.  sort out this issue and i'll add the fifth star again.
5	wow pure gym, you really work for that five star review.  after my previous review and leaving a comment card with a yelp business card attached, i received a response from the gym manager.  he very kindly explained that they had set up a new area for the mats near the back of the gym.  and sure enough on my visit last night when i went to investigate, there is a large area of mats where a number of unused stationary bikes used to be.  so i am much happier about this situation.however, what really warrants this quick update is your staff.  last night when i returned to the locker room to get ready to leave, i found a girl sat on the floor saying she felt incredibly faint.  i went back out to the gym floor and spoke to two personal trainers on duty that immediately found a female trainer to go into the locker to check on the girl while another went to go get ther girl's water and other personal belongings from the spin class she left.  the trainer then sat with the girl to make sure she was feeling better and made sure she would be ok to get home.  fantastic customer service!  and good to know that your staff take gym user's personal health & safety very seriously.
