5	I have trained with Terry over the past year or so.  If you have heard of all the warnings of crossfit having uneducated instructors having people doing dangerous movements with bad form they weren't talking about disciples.  Terry's a serious competitor and his instruction is great, he has just about every cert I can imagine and he knows his stuff, just check out his profile on the disciples site.  This is a new location but the affiliate has been around for a while.  It is a small place, but it's got all the stuff you need, most importantly good instruction that will keep you motivated, fit, and injury free. If you don't like the idea of the massive crossfit gyms that are in the valley because you are either intimidated or you don't want to get lost in the shuffle check disciples out.
5	Terry is awesome.  I am on my second week here.  Terry is very patient and knows what he is taking about.  He will encourage you to push yourself without hurting yourself (in a bad way).  CrossFit is one of the hardest workouts that I have ever experienced and Terry is great at demonstrating and coaching proper technique.  The WODs are different and designed to challenge.  If you are thinking about it, even a little bit, give it a try...you will not be sorry!
5	We love the cardiofit class. Wendy and Terry are the best you can get. They help motivate you to accomplish your fitness goals and are a great example of healthy fitness.
5	I have been to 24 hr fitness & Golds gym and neither one of these gyms put me through the intense workouts I was looking for. Terry and Wendy are very knowledgeable on nutrition , proper weightlifting form , and what programs are suitable for you. I myself have a bad back , bad knees but I have never felt as strong as I do now. Thanks Crossfit Disciples !
5	Let me start by saying I am not a workout fanatic! But since starting the cardio fit classes 2 months ago I actually look forward to going and am loving the results I am seeing! Wendy and Terry really know their stuff and are both intense and encouraging! They are so good that they've got me to start the crossfit training too, although I was reluctant! I am enjoying my classes and all their teachings :)
5	I have never been a gym type person. I was out of shape, with no energy. My wife convinced me to try out Crossfit Disciples, as she knew Terry to be a great trainer. Am I ever glad I did! what a great team Terry and Wendy make. So very knowledgeable and patient with us new to the fitness scene. Never have I met more knowledgeable and committed people to their trade as Terry and Wendy. You get not just a great workout every day, with personal instruction. You get trainers that CARE about you and your success at getting fit!!
