5	I started taking my dog here shortly after it opened.  I have since moved to Chicago where I am struggling to find a day care that is as clean and friendly and reinforces good behavior like Central Bark in Madison.
5	This place watches for demand barking and dominance issues.  They are well aware that dogs bark and allow it, just not the demanding kind.  Their groomers are fantastic!  Lastly, they play WITH the dogs.  Very involved.  There is down time for lunch and wind down for the day.  Pack a lunch if your pup eats during those times (in a plastic bin)
5	I have a crazy dog & Central Bark has been terrific for her! She is more obedient. She has less separation anxiety. She stopped destroying things around the house. She is better with other people. It is like she is a new dog. She's still happy & crazy but in a positive way!
5	I have never used the daycare at Central Bark.My 5 star review is for the GROOMER, Liz! I have a Shih Tzu which requires grooming every 4-8 weeks.  Depending how long I can go before he is too fluffy for my liking. (i like puppy cut)what i like about her style is..Nail grinding.She uses scissors for shaping.She styles his face and beard to extra cuteness She does do safe nontoxic coloring on request. (he gets BLUE MOHAWKS and streaks of color in his tail hair)my dog has hair that grows in his eyes and she even assists with that extra need.cleans the glands if neededprovides teeth brushing if needed.She has won awards for grooming and they are on the wall.she has kept her prices competitive and easy for me to budget. I have taken my dog to different big pet store chain and all they did was shave him down and give him no style and charged me the same price .  they can keep the stupid bandana, I just want a quality groom for my dog. I will add a picture of my dog to my profile so you can see for yourself!
5	I'm so happy with the service at Central Bark.  I brought my Chihuahua puppy here after we get a free day in her obedience class.  She did so well, we have been coming for three years!  The staff are always happy to see us, and give me a little update on her day.  Elsie was a very skittish, anxious dog when I adopted her.  This has really improved since she started attending day regularly.  We took a break for a while, and she regressed.  Elsie gets her nails done every month, and they always look great (not sharp, since they use a grinder).  I used to bring my old dog here for a good blow-out, and he always looked (and smelled) delightful.  We've also been pleased with their kennel.  I highly recommend them!
3	Their daycare service is five stars for me!  My shy puppy has grown a lot since coming.  I am glad to have this option for her once a week.  I'd bring her more if I could afford it!  The employees who play with the dogs are amazing.  So friendly, always happy to see my puppy, and she LOVES them!  The pricing and options they show on their website is the same as you'd be able to purchase in store.  I have yet to see any specials be run beyond their puppy package.  My only comment here is that when I purchased the puppy package, it didn't come with everything mentioned online.  I received daycare and haircut, but that's it.  They almost didn't give me the free haircut that is mentioned!My three star review is due to their grooming services.  I started with their new groomer, Leena.  She was very friendly, and I was glad to speak with her the first time my puppy got cut (she was almost 4 mon. old).  The first cut I did with her was free with the puppy package, after mentioning that it was supposed to be included.  After that, I discussed with Leena over the phone what the pricing would be.  She told me it would be $20 every time I brought her, and we agreed on that pricing.  However, Leena only works there part time and has NEVER been there when I go to pick up my dog.  Further, I've only been charged the $20 agreed upon price once.  First time, I told the person checking me out that it was supposed to be $20.  He checked the notes and said, OK.  I was pleased with the cut, but her nails were like daggers!  Worse than they were before they were cut.  The second time I brought her (about 5 mon), I asked them to spend more time on her nails and make sure they weren't so sharp.  I go to pay and the guy checking me out says it'll be $30.  I said the agreed price was $20.  He said it was $5 extra for her nails, even though no one ever mentioned this to me before and Leena never said that it cost more for her nails.  I assumed the $20 price we agreed to was all-inclusive for her services.  The guy checking me out ended up charging me just $25, but I was still a little upset.  Third (and last) time I brought her for grooming (about 6 mon.), I picked her up and her nails were incredibly sharp, even though I asked them to pay extra attention to them.  Same guy checked me out.  This time I was charged $32 for the cut.  Again, I mentioned the prior agreed upon price.  He said he could probably give me $5 off, but he never did.  When he ran my card, he confirmed the higher price.I cannot recommend grooming with Central Bark.  At least not their puppy cuts.  They may do better with adult dogs.  Leena does a good job, but she's never there to discuss my puppy with me and I am charged an increasing amount for my dog.  Also, they do the very minimum for grooming.  I don't feel like it's as full-service as other grooming facilities.A+++ daycare.  C grooming.
5	Great staff, great facility, they took wonderful care of my buddy Socks while we were away. Highly recommended!
