2	1st: It's a Boston pride sports bar/grill/restaurant type place. Everything you want to know about Boston is hanging on the walls and playing on their TV's. I actually thought it was pretty cool. 2nd: The music they were playing was completely random, and sucky. I was trying to pinpoint the genre. I think I even said out loud, "Are the artists they're playing all from Boston, because I'm not getting this music??" It was mostly mid 90's alternative/contemporary. Not that cool for a sports bar, even though I knew every song that came on, but I'm not normal. 3rd: Nobody liked their food at my table, including me, and I rarely complain about pizza. Even bad pizza is okay pizza, but it really wasn't that great. Little Caesar's? I dunno. 4th: They do have great Happy Hour specials 7 days a week, 1/2 priced drinks and 5 dollar appetizers, and they've got that trivia night thing going for them. 5th: I hate it when the server automatically assumes a guy is paying for the meal, and gives the check to one of the guys at a table. I'm not some liberal-feminist-type, but yes, some girls do pay for meals out.
2	What a dive.We went to Boston's one Saturday evening to experience the karaoke and have some cheap drinks.The karaoke "regulars" were pissed when our group got up and had fun.  One "regular" even told the karaoke host that he was "better than this" as he pointed to us.  Stupid.Don't go to Boston's to karaoke alone or with just one or two people.  We had fun because we were in a large group.
5	Great Bar!  Do not confuse with Bostons Gourmet Pizza.  Much different and better - excellent bar food, lots of quality TVs, satellite and a staff that gets them to all the events.  Lowest tab you are likely to find and good but fun trivia competition.  Try this place!
3	It's not a place I would go for the food but it's small place you can have some fun in. They have a poker game on Wednesday's and if you want to be a star for the night they have Karaoke on Wednesday,Thursday, Saturday and Sunday's. It's a relaxed atmosphere if you just want to go for a drink.
4	Look for amazing things to come out of the kitchen in the next few months....  the new cook has finger licking good talent !!!
1	My friend, boyfriend and I decided to go for Ladies Night + Karaoke. Boyfriend was our designated driver for the evening, so why the hell not? You can't beat $2.50 drinks  (which were awesome . . . one thing this place got RIGHT!) and drunk singing with your girls. We THOUGHT it would be a good time . . . So many things wrong with this place. It's as DIVE-y as it gets! But hey, like Vikram A. said . . . just look at the area. The "karaoke regulars" were screaming all kinds of stuff at my friend and I like, "OH EM GEEEEEEEEEEEEE I sing it better, bitch!" or that we sucked. Classy . . . because your rendition of Katy Perry's "E.T" or whatever it's called was American Idol material  *eyeroll* IT'S  KARAOKE, DON'T TAKE YOURSELF SO DAMN SERIOUSLY! But since we're playing that game: You suck at singing yourself. You're just a cheap knock-off of Katy Perry . . . I'll check you at the factory outlet, sweetheart. ;) The bathrooms felt and looked like a scene out of Zombieland. When I walked into the stall I was waiting for someone/something to come under the door and stab me.Also, our waitress (wish I remembered her name, the one with her bra hanging out) was pretty much screwing around the entire night with her friends. When she got off work, she tabbed us out (without us asking) and said, "I have to leave now, but you can keep drinking 'til 2AM!" Then proceeded to go drink and screw around with her friends more, just like she did while on the clock. I think that ^ was the nail in the coffin. When you can't "delight" your customers in the service industry, expect them to vote with their feet. If you're looking for an AWESOME Karaoke experience, try Darkhorse on Ray and Rural in Chandler. Great karaoke selection, friendlier clientele / staff, and less trashy for sure.
1	Been there during the day and night and it's depressing.  Dark inside, I was the youngest one in there by far during the day and couldn't be less amused with how rude the local patrons are.  Can't talk to the bartender without being interrupted by someone at the bar and ease dropping on conversations.  The food is pretty gross, just a few edible things on the menu...won't be going back not enjoyable.
2	Boston bar in PHX!?Had to check this out!  Was invited here by a friend telling me this place has been in existence since she's been breathing.  That's a long time - wink haha! Needless, to say my first impression of the place was -- wow what a poop hole!  However, I've been to worst and I loved it!  I like dive bars, but this place was more sports and please smoke a cigarette bar.  Outdated television sets mixed with some flat screens.  They had your basic bar menu; burgers, wings, and salads.  I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with fries.  Nothing to wow about it except it is what I expected to be.  If you ask me I would stick with the drinks and that's about it.  They have karaoke during the evenings most every night.  Lots of country and older music I've never heard of and I consider myself pretty old!  Needless to say the singing can improve, but I'm not once to complain.  I appreciate people who have the courage to sing their hearts out in front of a crowd. - Enjoy!
3	Being a certified sports bar aficionado, as well as a Buffalo wing addict, I had to try this place after my wife and I moved to Tempe.  Bottom line:  Food's really good, service, not so much.Boston's is a run of the mill sports bar, very dark with enough TV screens to handle an NFL Sunday and more.  Which is good, because it's also an off track betting site.  The number of screens devoted to horse and dog racing at any given time far outnumbers the OTB patrons there, based on my several visits, but there's plenty of sports choices available.The OTB area is a separate room within view of the main dining room and the bar.  As stated, it doesn't seem to get a lot of betting action, but that may just be a function of the time of day/night.  I'm not a gambler, so don't really care.We found the food above average for a sports bar, actually.  As a wing freak (see above), my first order was the happy hour wings ($5.99, a real bargain).  These are HUGE compared to other places, and are available in a lot more flavors than one usually finds in this kind of restaurant.  I've had them several times and have never been disappointed.  My wife and I have also tried the burgers and fish and chips;  both were fine.  The problem with Boston's is spotty service.  If you're at the bar, you'll find the bartenders friendly, attentive, and efficient.  The same can't be said for the wait staff.  While I'm a pretty undemanding customer (I once worked in a restaurant and have a lot of empathy with waiters and waitresses),  I've waited for up to ten minutes to be even approached by a waitress for a drink order while sitting at one of the tables.  And this wasn't an isolated occurrence; one evening, after going through the aforementioned wait, it was generally 15-20 minutes between any contact with the waitress, who was busy chatting with other customers (this is, after all, a neighborhood bar, so I assume there's some familiarity between the wait staff and the clientele).  This type of  behavior isn't a rarity;  my wife and I once waited fifteen minutes to simply get our check  paid.  I can't speak for the "karaoke crowd", as I avoid karaoke like the Black Death,  and am out of any establishment as soon as the overweight iced tea drinkers start tuning up;)While we really like Boston's food and sports bar amenities, we've decided to sit at the bar from now on.  I will say that at one happy hour, I was waited on by the manager, who was quite friendly and efficient.  This attitude needs to be imparted to the rest of the wait staff.
3	boston's. dirty, dirty, dirty boston's. the beer is flat, the decor is deteriorating before your eyes (literally saw a ceiling tile fall on someone.), and the offtrack betting is amazing and makes you feel even dirtier!but this is a dive bar and you should have no standards when you walk in here. if you have standards all the time you should probably go hit up some glitzy, clean chain bar that serves those drinks with little umbrellas in them. this is dirty boston's.they serve minipitchers during happy hour for around 3.50 depending on if you like domestic or you want to get fancy with an imported beer. service has always been friendly and actually pretty prompt. bathrooms are scary, but c'mon, didn't i tell you this was a dive bar? don't go looking for ambience, just come here if you'd like to get really drunk really fast. priorities.
1	OK, so it is drab - that it is.  But I the wait staff on my visit was the dumbest most clueless idiot I have ever seen - no exaggeration.The drink oder was taken 3 times and the waitress got it wrong three times (it was only a two drink order) after requesting 3 times as to what happened with our wings, we finally got chicken strips and fries - after 50 minutes.Run away -
3	Not a bad little spot. Friendly service and food was ok. I ordered the "hot" wings with a side of the nuclear sauce. The wings were big and deep fried to a golden perfection, the way that I love. They were nice and crunchy but not burnt.  The "hot" wings were not hot at all, somewhat disappointing and it was very vinegary. The nuclear sauce was just a little hotter but much more of the vinegar taste. Off track betting available.  Would go back if I was in the neighborhood, but not a place I would go out of my way to get at.  They also have several TV's, which is good.
1	We continue our adventures in dining in our new home area.  We rather randomly picked Boston's Bar and Grille hoping for some good pub style food and a casual atmosphere.  What we got... was not what we'd hoped for.Walking through the front door, we saw an older bar spread out in front of us... good so far.  There were plenty of TV's and just a moderate amount of noise... good.  After the first impression though, things turned.There was no greeting of any kind on entry. No hello, no eye contact, no acknowledgment.  A small thing, but it left us feeling ignored and unwelcome.  We sat ourselves and started the wait.  After a while, menus were brought we ordered drinks three drinks between us.  After another wait, two of the drinks arrived, and the waitress took our food order.  Another fairly long wait began.About the same time the food arrived, the third drink also arrived.  My beer being gone,  I ordered another.  We hard ordered hot wings and a chicken fried chicken plate.  Unfortunately, the hot wings seemed to be reheated chicken.  The chicken fried chicken was covered in a tasteless white gravy.  Overall, sub-par for any decent bar food.  Not what we'd hoped for.About the time we were finished with the food, the waitress finally came back and recalled that I had ordered a second beer.  She said she'd be right back with it, at which point I asked her not to bother as we were getting ready to leave.  She also had failed to notice that we had an iced tea on the table that had been empty since shortly after the food arrived.  She never even offered to refill that even after I saw her take note of it.About 15 minutes later she came back again and asked if we were still doing OK.  I looked at the empty glasses, the empty plates on the table and then I looked back at her.  I let her know that we were still ready to leave, and that we still needed the check.I told the others to head for the car and I'd join them in a couple of minutes.  Wrong again.... It took me another 15 minutes to pay the tab.You might be thinking, well, you were in a really busy bar, what do you expect?  The bar wasn't busy.  I'd say it was about 30% occupied, and did not have a 'busy' feel at all. It was just terrible service and low quality grub.I'd suggest not going through the frustration that a visit to Boston's Bar and Grille will most likely bring on.
4	I liked the baked wings and the appetizers.  Good service for lunch.
3	My girlfriend and I came here for a friend's birthday recently.  Not sure if we would have come here otherwise.Pretty standard dive kind of place.  We came on a Saturday night and it wasn't packed but busy enough.  It was karaoke night which is fine, not my thing but fun to watch.We hung out for a couple hours with our friends.  I was surprised to see only one bartender working for a saturday night but she was trying her best to keep up with everyone. We ended up eating the nachos supreme which weren't bad as far as bar food goes.  Overall, not a bad place but probably wouldn't go back voluntarily.
