5	I have nice teeth, no cavities, no big gaps, nothing...just nice teeth. So, when I refer people to Dr. Tricoli, they say "you don't have any problems with your teeth--why would I listen to you?"Because I have nice teeth....And, a GREAT dentist!The office is clean, relaxing, and friendly. The assistant is friendly and very thorough. The receptionist, Christi, is a doll and very nice and accomodating.The dentist, Dr. Martin Tricoli is AWESOME!He is not a "product or procedure pusher" and is top notch in his skills. He is friendly, fun (yes, I said fun) and professional. He'll clean your teeth and fix up your problems (I can say that now that so many of my friends trusted me and went to him) and will not push you into anything you don't need....and I love that!
5	I love this place!  I know sounds crazy since it's a dentist but I can honestly say it is the best one I have been to. I really don't like going to the dentist but since I  started here a few years back it doesn't bother me anymore.  Very clean, relaxing and I actually laugh when I am here. Everyone is exceptionally nice. The dentist does not push any unnecessary procedures or products, just very honest.
5	Never suggested unnecessary treatment.  Always on time.  Friendly and comfortable.  Highly recommend.
5	By far best dentist I have ever seen. I dreaded going to the dentist, until I saw Dr. Martin Tricoli. I have been going here since they first opened a few years back and its absolutely amazing! The staff is friendly and fun! Highly recommended!
5	I was referred to Dr. Tricoli by our son, who had been a patient for several years.  I had visited several other dentists over the last few years and been told I needed varying work (I am fifty-four,) each dentist recommending something different in a different area of my mouth.  I was perplexed because, prior to our dentist passing away, he always said, "Nice teeth CK, keep it up."When I mentioned this to our son, his response was, "Dad, I have the best dentist in town."  He was so right.  Dr. Tricoli, without any prompting from me, did the normal exam and x-rays, and said, "You have beautiful teeth and you take excellent care of them."  No work required.  In this day and age of dentists attending seminars on how to bill more, rehearse on how to "generate concern," etc., this is a very refreshing experience.  An honest dentist that does not look to build his revenue stream on the mouths of unsuspecting patients.His office ambiance is professional, elegantly simple and soothing.  His staff is thorough, polished and are excellent communicators. When I recommend Dr. Tricoli to others, I do it with confidence.  Our son was correct.  The best dentist in town.
5	Best dentist in scottsdale. Dr. Tricoli makes visiting the dentist office fun. Friendly staff and always leave with a bright smile.
5	Had my first appointment today.  Best dental experience ever!!  Everyone was friendly and professional.  They mailed me the required paperwork which saved time when arriving.  I was in the chair 5 minutes before my actual appointment time.  I highly recommend.
5	So I haven't been to the dentist in over 2 years so naturally I'm a little afraid to walk through those dental doors and meet my fate.  On top of that, I am not looking forward to being lectured about how I don't floss enough or exactly how I need to brush.  But, I needed a good dentist in my area so I made an appointment with Chapparal Dental.First of all, his staff is amazing.  I had to reschedule my appointment a couple times and Christy was really flexible and always very nice.  His office is clean, with a good selection of magazines and good music to boot.As far as the actual dental experience goes, Dr. Tricolli is the best dentist I have had.  He was pleasant, funny and incredibly knowledgeable.  He actually walked through my X-Rays with me and explained what was going on in my mouth.  His bedside manner is excellent as well.  He had suggestions as far as my oral hygiene went but never forced anything on me and didn't judge me on the fact that flossing is not necessarily an everyday activity for me.  I actually walked out of his office looking forward to coming back in 6 months.  That doesn't happen often I'm sure.
5	Wife and I moved here from Chicago. Had a great dentist there and were worried about finding a good dentist in Scottsdale. We found one and were not happy. My wife then tried Dr Tricoli and said I would love them. I had my first appointment yesterday and I am hooked. They are all so friendly. Walked me through my issues ( I have plenty) and suggested a course of action. Kristi worked with me to schedule another appointment and even told me what to expect as far as the bill. Can't wait to get my teeth fixed. Great office atmosphere and just nice people. You can't go wrong with Chapparal Dental!
5	I have been going to Chaparral Dental since 2010 and I can't believe I have not written a review.  Dr. Martin Tricoli is the best!  I brag about them all the time and everyone I've referred, loves him and his wonderful staff.  Chrisi, the first person you see when you walk in, is great!  Super friendly, sweet and remembers little details about you.  You're not just a number to them. I highly recommend Chaparral Dental!!!!
5	Wow! I've spent the last three years searching for a dentist with good bedside manner and that is not out to empty my wallet. Dr. Marti, as he introduced himself, went above and beyond my expectations. He gives a very personalized assessment of your oral health, and goes out of his way to make you feel comfortable. I will definitely be recommending his office to my friends and family.
