4	really friendly people working here (especially the girl).  her boss, maurice is nice too but she's great!  they treat you right here.  i forgot my credit card today and only brought a debit card.  the girl working here drove me all the way back to my place (I'd walked to pick up the car) to get my credit card and the place was busy.  it's service like this that keeps me coming back to this enterprise location.  the price was a little high today ($52 for one day) but they have some weekend rates that seem reasonable.
5	Friendly staff (of they are from Pittsburgh!!!) After parking my car after I dropped it off, they pulled it back out of the garage and drove me to the Megabus pickup site at the Convention. Also the weekend rate $9.99/day was SO WORTH IT!!!
2	Rented a car here for the day, which I pre-reserved.   I got there on time, and the person working the desk was busy with another customer.   There was another employee doing something behind a window, who saw me come in, but never once glanced up after that to acknowledge me, or let me know that she couldn't help me.When It was my turn, I declined the extra coverage that they always try to sell, as I'm well-insured, and I was first asked for my insurance card.  This has NEVER happened to me, and I travel several times a month and rent cars all over, including from other Enterprise locations.    When I couldn't produce it, I was actually asked for the number of my agent, which I have in my phone, and she tried to call them to verify it.   They didn't answer, and luckily I was allowed to rent the car, after being warned once again that I'd be responsible for whatever happens to it.  When she went to get the car, it obviously wasn't ready, as I had to wait on the street while they cleaned it, etc.   I had this thing reserved, AND farted around forever with aforementioned insurance debacle, so you'd think they would have at least been getting the thing ready.Had to rent another car the next day, but went though AVIS, even though they were $10 more expensive.   Had no issues, and didn't have to deal with all the insurance BS.
5	I rent from here at least 3 times a month for businees and the service is excellent. Shawn and Marissa are always on top of there game and take good care of me. I could go to any Enterprise but I choose this location because of their professionalism and great selection of cars!
5	Excellent customer service!  Michael was friendly, thorough, and very efficient!  Love this Enterprise!
