4	I've been eating at this restuarant since 5th grade. In case you are wondering this is way way over ten years now. I've watched it grow and change. The Mexican food is great, not the gourmet Santa Fe style, but true AZ style...a little greasy, a little sloppy, but oh so good.Aside from the food you can't bea the atmospher. If possible sit outside by the duck pond. It's a real treat. If you have little ones bring some change and feed the ducks.WARNING: Watch out if you sit at a table by an overgrown palm tree, my grandmother got pooped on by an owl once...no joke!
5	I met a group of friends at El Encanto for dinner and it was a lovely evening.  I enjoyed the ride up (about 30 minutes for me), you leave the hustle and bustle of Scottsdale and just drive.  It was late afternoon so the sun was kind of low.  El Encanto is rather large with an indoor and outdoor seating area.  My friends were already there when I arrived but I sat down and ordered a drink that was not only very good, but on the table within two minutes.  I chose the cheese enchiladas, which were really really good.  They stuff them full of cheese and onions, which I find is rare.  Most places use a meager amount of cheese but these were oozing (in fact there was cheese over everything on my plate! Yum!) and were drowning in enchilada sauce.  Just the way I like them!  Everyone enjoyed their meals which included shrimp tacos and a bean burrito.  I will definitely be returning with my husband.  I enjoyed the atmosphere outside, the service was quick (we were only there an hour) and the food was fantastic.
4	We were taken here by our host in Phoenix.  It's one of the prettiest Mexican restaurants I've been in, with a courtyard surrounding a duck pond (there is a sign requesting you not feed the ducks tortilla chips!).The margaritas were great and my chicken was excellent, as were my partner's tequila shrimp.  Would definitely go back there if I were to visit Phoenix again.
4	This is a great place to bring out non-Arizona guests. If you have any kids in your group they can feed the ducks and turtles. Usually there is a wait, but the huge patio makes for a nice place to relax and have an adult beverage, especially when it's hot outside.Food consists of your typical Mexican entrees all with rice and beans. It's a couple of bucks higher than your a chain Mexican restaurant, but worth it for the location and atmosphere.Recently, I was there on at Saturday night and was told the wait was 1.5 hrs, but before we finished our first margarita (45min)we were seated at a nice window table.
2	After reading the reviews I feel as if I wasn't at the same restaurant as the other reviewers.  Yes the place is pretty, but the similarities ended there.  Our server seemed uninterested, and slow would be an understatement.  It took 15 minutes just for the drink order!  When the food finally came, we sent a shrimp dish back, but it could've been 3 more.  Although one of our guests enjoyed his food, I would say we are not going to be back anytime soon.
3	While I enjoy the ambiance of El Encanto in Cave Creek, I feel the service is hit or miss and the food is just eh...I've been on several occasions, most recently this past Sunday.  Perhaps they were short staffed because it was Easter, but we were there for a good 15 minutes before we were acknowledged by our waitress and then it took another 15 to get drinks and we had to request salsa to go with the chips on our table.  Our food took a really long time too...When you do get your Corona or Margarita, you feel like you're in Mexico - the chips and salsa are addicting!  Go for the ambiance, not the service or the food... and go with a fun group of people!
5	I've been going here for years and I just love this place.  It can get really busy on the weekends, but if you go mid-week for lunch you will find the patio very relaxing. The restaurant looks like it used to be a house.  There is a pond in the back with ducks and turtles that can be viewed from both the outside and in-depending on where you sit. The pollo fundido is the best, shredded chicken in a deep fried burro with jalapeno cream cheese and cheddar melted on top- probably a million calories, but worth it. I've never really had a problem with the service and the food has been consistently good.  Plus it's in charming Cave Creek, great place to bring out-of-towners.  Actually, the restaurant was even mentioned in a book I read recently (the author was local).
5	We were there in the winter (off season) a couple times and we had no problem with service. Loved it. I loved the thick, yummy baked cheese dip- too bad I can't remember what it's called. And the Pollo Fundido- yum! Can't beat the atmosphere; chill, beautiful, and... constant duck entertainment on the pond. My cousin brings her 3 year old to "the duck restaraunt" every time she visits. Love this place.
4	Maybe Texas Tex-mex spoiled me, but overall I am not impressed with Zona mexican food.  El Encanto isn't too bad though.  I've always left full and fairly satisfied with the flavors - and the chips and salsa.  Good chips and salsa get me every time!The ambiance is unique but eating on the outdoor patio has it's downside.  Like birds?  I mean birds flying close to you, eating the food at the recently vacated table next to yours?  Not only were the ducks under the tables and being shooed away by the wait staff, but flocks of none too timid sparrows were cleaning the tables before the busboys got there.  Thoughts of bird droppings and disease did cross my mind.  My whole family was mildly freaked out by it.  Hopefully this was not a typical experience - it did occur only once in our several visits so I don't want to emphasize it too much.Kids love the place.  Feeding the ducks, watching the turtles and fish, etc.  Great photo ops with the munchkins.  But, the next time I go, I will wait for a booth inside with a glass wall onto the pond.And the good news is the bar looks dark and cozy.  So that waiting needn't be a drag. Solid value based on the food and the setting.  I've been there multiple times and will go again!
2	I've been here only twice. Today would've brought the experience down to a 1 star, but the previous one being a 3 - I settled on a 2. This place is huge and dripping with atmosphere. It's sprawling in fact and the patio wraps around a duck and swan pond... can be fun, but can also be annoying. Depends on how you feel about birds. Maybe it's romantic. Maybe it's disgusting. Personally, I find it to be a little bit of both.The food is average. The salsa is very tasty, but not spicy enough. Today they were having a buffet style thing for the mad rush of mother's day. The place was empty though. There were a lot of wait staff - about one per table... on a buffet night even. With all these servers, we found it nearly impossible to get service.We opted out of the buffet since it didn't seem cost effective (or appetizing, but we had driven so far we thought we should make the most of it), and sat at the bar forever waiting for one of the 5 servers to stop watching Castaway on TBS long enough to ask us what we wanted.  The margaritas were weak and not very cheap. The waiter was rude, but he brought us a refill during a commercial. I think it's simply too far to be worth it. If the food was above average and the service was good, this would be a fun time. The whole area is a very touristy spot. I'd suggest it as a place to take your parents when they come visit you.
4	My family went to a late-night wedding rehearsal dinner here, served buffet-style. Our rather large party was seated on the patio. The kids had a blast, feeding the ducks and fish. While the pond was a bit... 'pond-y' smelling, I guess - it IS summer... it wasn't obnoxious and did not reach our tables. It was a very relaxing and inviting atmosphere. Chips and salsa were ok, as were the salad, and the small tastes I took of the enchiladas and tacos. The chicken & steak fajita meat were awesome. I had to break my low-carb resolve to have some of the pollo fundido, though, and was glad that I did. It was really, really good. Really good. Service was excellent. I've read the other reviews, where service is frequently panned. Our experience may have been better, since we had dedicated servers. They were on the ball, though. Good tourista place, and I hear they do a pretty nice breakfast. Not really sure I'd consider it romantic, but could be, for some people. I'd take the fam again, when we're up in that neck of the woods.
3	El Encanto is one of those old-time restaurants of Arizona. As Durant's Steakhouse, McAlpine, Tee Pee, Sugar Bowl, Red Devil, all have roots in Arizona dating back decades. The food at El Encanto is good overall, with a few small overlooked details. First, the Carnitas can be a bit on the fatty side. Second, when the food arrives, don't expect it all to be served at the same time. I was dining the other evening at El Encanto, a table of 5, it took 3 trips to serve us all, over the course of 5 minutes. The margaritas tend to be a bit thin as well, they need to adopt a recipe that requires more then a margarita mixer and tequila. Fresh lime juice is always a great place to start!I do enjoy the space itself, very relaxing, great restaurant to go and chill with friends. The menu has had an overhaul in the past year, reducing it to a fraction of what it was. My advice, expand the menu to not include just the Sonora stuff (tacos, enchiladas, etc) but add some items that you can't get on every corner in Phoenix. Overall a slightly above average experience.
3	I'm a lifelong duck pond fan, so when I found out this was a restaurant centered around a pond, of course I couldn't resist.We were in town visiting my parents and dragged them there. They were good sports. The food was just okay... I'm certain there is much more authentic Mexican around, and probably for cheaper. But for ambiance this place is unequaled. The positive: Ambiance -- Beautiful outdoor seating alongside the pond, which had lots of feathered friends. Indoor seating all seems to have a good view of the pond as well. A great place to hold a function.The negative:There were quite a few blunders... Three of us got our food while my mom sat and waited... and waited. She probably had to wait 10 minutes, which got quite frustrating. Meanwhile, my boyfriend and I took the first sips of our "diet" coke and both gave each other a weird look. "Does this taste strange to you?" "Yes" "Me too" ... waitress comes, insists she poured diet, but brings back a new pitcher. Well would you believe that, this one actually tastes like diet! Beyond these blunders, this place is the only Mexican restaurant I have ever been to that charges extra if you go through your first basket of tortilla chips and decide you want more! The salsas that come with the chips were pretty good, but the guac we ordered was not so good (kinda bland tasty and mushy). It came with a small pile of chips on the side. Seemed like they were teasing with just enough chips to get you to want more, so you'd have to pay extra.The bottom line: Great if you have a group and want a fun setting or are dining with kids and want them to be able to enjoy the duck pond. Don't go for the food. And I wouldn't go often. But for a cool one-time experience definitely worth it.
2	Youch! Waited for 30 minutes and the place wasn't even busy.. Slow service.. even slower kitchen.. pollo fundido was cold (un-melted cheese, stone cold chicken) and tasted like it had been in the fridge for a while! If the stove is broken or the dishwasher, whatever the problem, you really should communicate that to your guests.The green pond in the back was kind of different..
2	just had lunch here today and boy this is a sad excuse for Mexican restaurant.  in fact it really fails on both fronts..no real mexican flavors and the service is earnest at times but overall weak..big green pond big deal, who cares!! It is an old and tired spot that does have really good chips and salsa..it's a long way to drive for way average food and bad service
3	Good chips and salsa, like that they give you 3 different salsas. Both their beans are vegetarian, awesome. I recommend the black bean and cheese burrito enchilada style. Some people like the outdoor seating but the smell of the duck pond is pretty sick.
4	Neat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This place is like a trip to a non-petting zoo and aquarium and aviary while you dine on fairly decent Mexican food.  I was here for a late brunch and didn't wait at all.  I was near a window that right on the pond, and just about every turtle in the pond crawled out to come on over and see what the Rock was cooking and how I was enjoying it... no joke, see pic!The ducks and geese were very active in the lagoon, showing off for all the diners, and it thrilled the kids to pieces.  The guacamole is decent and the 3 types of salsa you're given were all good in their own ways.  If anything, swing in here for the atmosphere.  I bet its awesome at night.
3	Went here with Tori on Sunday and we had a really good time. The restauraunt surrounds a duck pond and we are both big duck fans so we sat outside and the ambiance was great. This is the perfect spot for wedding or work parties. The patios are huge. The food was ok, we just split the chile verde and it was spicy and the pork was really tender. We also had sangria and although a bit sweet for my tastes it was still pretty good.
3	I love places like this, out of the way and unique.El Encanto has been around for about 20 years. They have a duck pond in the middle of the patio which is pretty cool. They food was decent and the sangria, good.If I were in Cave Creek again, I'd go back.
4	Duck! I mean ducks...all around...in the duck pond..quacking away...while I'm getting my margarita on. Ducks getting caught in the net. Ducks looking for leftover tortillas. But I duckgress. The food was cheesy..dope for being drunk off a few pitchers of Margaritas. This is the G Family Christmas and we're getting drunk at 2 in the afternoon..right before we have to go to a White Elephant party. Thanks Monica. The server was funny..even calling his helper Antonio Banderas. The heavier version of Zorro. I would still go with the blended margarita..at least at 2 in the afternoon. No need to get a margarita hangover this early in the day. Props on the heaters...it was actually too hot.
4	A word to the wise, get the pomegranate margaritas and get them in a pitcher! They seriously serve up the best margaritas ever. I love the duck pond! When I first tried this place I was sitting outside with some friends enjoying a beautiful Arizona day noshing on the Mexican fare, when two crazy ducks came flapping by our table and rolling on the ground in a fight/mating dance! The food is amazing, I love enchiladas. Try the Seafood ones on Monday nights, YUM!
4	Anytime I bring visitors North, this is the place we take them. GR8 for lunch - outdoor patio with fun, family friendly atmosphere.  (see below: BIG DUCK POND with turtles too!).  Fun diversion & pit-stop :-)
2	And to think I loved this place as a tourist. Whenever I'd visit Phoenix I'd eat at Encanto. Now that I live here, you can't pay me to go. The food is average at best -- especially considering the prices -- and the duck pond is nothing short of disgusting. Besides, if you have kids (like I do) you're almost required to take them to feed the ducks which means you're walking through what the ducks (ahem) leave behind. Multiply that times 100 and imagine what the restaurant's floor is covered in. I'm just saying.
1	Just because some random mexican place has a duck pond doesn't mean you should waste your time and money there.This place is way below average and I live in AZ but it's so gross and unsanitary at this resteraunt that I wouldn't waste your time and money here.
4	I liked this place. I got the fundido and it was very good. My husband got the carne asada and it was really tasty too. If you don't like eating by a pond, then don't go. Personally I thought it was a unique and fun experience. There are seats indoors with glass between you and the pond if you are worried about an amoeba or duck poo jumping into your food. Oh, and the margaritas are OUTSTANDING...and I am very picky about margaritas.If you are ever bored on a Sunday in October definitely check out their farmer's market. We went there for brunch yesterday...it was very good! They had an omelet bar, waffle bar, fresh fruit and pastries, and also some standard Mexican fare. The market was fun...bought some excellent pineapple habanero jelly. I wouldn't recommend the popcorn though, brought it home and it was STALE.
2	For some reason EC Uno falls far short of EC Dos in terms of food quality. Dos must have a superior kitchen staff?Anyway, food was dry and far less flavorful than the meals we regularly get at EC Dos. Only been here once, so it could have been a bad night in the kitchen. Regardless, the food was disappointing enough to warrant never returning.  We'll stick with EC Dos, where the food is consistently great and has never disappointed us.P.S. Pond is nice, but duck poop smell isn't...
5	This place has always given me great food, great drinks and great customer service! Tonight I indulged in an appetizer that is just as good for a meal, the Queso Guillermo. I get it with the Machomos, the seasoned crispy beef, squeeze a few limes on the meat and smother it with the bubbly cheese and pico de gallo. Sooo Good! Our waitress this evening even brought me an extra helping of the seasoned beef at no extra charge because I mentioned how the first time I ordered it to split with a friend that they piled it on the dish. That was because the first time we were sharing the appetizer as a meal.The restaurant always looks clean, I wouldn't eat anywhere that was unsanitary and I've eaten next to the pond during the day and in the evening and I have never smelled any duck poop smell!
4	I have always loved this place!  There is something about the ambiance here, and Cave Creek in general.  When I lived in the area from 1998-2002, I would frequent it for lunch at least once every few months.  Now that I live in the far SE valley, I will still make the occasional "trek" up north!  The food is very good, in my opinion, and I have eaten a lot of Mexican food in my day.  Today I ordered the chicken enchilada lunch w/ green sauce, rice & beans.  It was just delicious...piping hot, not too spicy, with large pieces of chicken breast with that greasy, cheesy goodness smothered on top.  It was too hot to sit out on the patio, so a nice table with a view of the pond was relaxing.  Yes, the pond water is dirty!!!!  But the ducks and turtles don't seem to mind :)I've been here a few times in the evening, and the enlarged patio with the fireplace and tree lights etc. make for a wonderful place to have a few drinks and enjoy a nice relaxing dinner.
4	Great food, nice environment with outside duck pond (romantic) Service of food is slow though or I would have given 5 stars. Make a reservation if planning to dine in the evening as they are extremely busy during peak tourist season.
5	Whether you are looking for great Mexican food or a retreat away from the Phoenix metro area this is an ecellent place to go.  The entrance with the decorated walkway and pond stocked with coy fish and ducks makes you feel like you are walking into a "real" mexican restaurant that is in Mexico.  On the inside make sure to get a table that overlooks the pond and enjoy the atmosphere as you enjoy the authenic food that they serve.  This place is a must see when visiting Cave Creek.
4	Visited El Encanto with some friends for lunch the first time last week.  The restaurant has a great atmosphere.  We sat inside with a view of the pond and the ducks.  The service was good and the food above average.  The green salsa is fantastic with a wonderful flavor.  The chips are fresh and they are happy to refill as you request.  I ordered the carnitas which were terrific.  Others at the table had the carne asada, the fajitas and the pollo fundido.  Good reviews on the food from everyone.  Portions were generous and we all left with no room for dessert.Great place for lunch or dinner.  The restaurant has a nice feel and  you certainly won't leave hungry.
3	I like the setting with the pond and ducks and all but the food wasn't spectacular. Nothing really stood out. I ordered a pitcher of margaritas that cost 25$ and was half filled with ice which was a turn off. Service was good and the happy hour is ok with buckets of 6 8oz coronas for 5$.I am not sure I would chose to sit on the patio where all the ducks and birds fly around dropping poo but you can sit inside and still have a good view if you pick a window seat. They had some live guitar music out side which was a nice touch. I might go back for happy hour but would probably go elsewhere for food.
4	I've been coming to El Encanto for just about 15 years now and every time I get the same thing!! Two words: Pollo Fundido. Do you love cheese?!? Do you want creamy cheesiness in every delicious bite of your Mexican Euphoria? Don't even look at the menu. The other things worth talking about are the Queso Guillermo appetizer. Of course, more cheesy deliciousness accompanied by dried shredded beef,  pico de gallo, and a few sliced limes. The salsa is amazing- try not to fill up!! You must save room for a Chocolate chimichanga with Mint Chocolate Chip Ice cream for desert. Warning: you will go home with an stomach explosion- but consider yourself warned, and it's 100% worth every bite!
4	Really cool Cave Creek spot.  Everything's pretty solid, but try the Queso Guierllmo (spelling?) with a side of deep fried shredded beef (called "mochamos").  Yeah, I said it.  Trust me.
4	I have visited a couple of times now, with various friends and everyone loves the place and the food.Let's start with the place.... As my wife put it: "It feels like we are in San Diego" (somewhere she loves); the combination of the pond, turtles, ducks, geese, trees and birds convinces one that you are no longer in the middle of the desert, but have been transported to some oasis of green, water and cool..... A wonderful setting for a meal.You can either sit outside around the pond and enjoy being surrounded by the trees and wildlife, or if you are a little less adventuresome, there are plenty of tables inside, some up against floor length glass at the edge of the pond, so it seems as though you are outside.The food itself is fresh (the salad is always crisp & tasty), VERY well cooked and the service excellent. We have tried a wide selection of dishes between us and everyone has been pleasantly surprised with the quality of the dishes presented.If you are unsure what to choose, I recommend going with the 'Daily Special', I have opted for this a couple of times and on both occasions it has been excellent.It is also very reasonably priced - I thoroughly recommend El Encanto!
5	I love this place!!! The atmosphere is great. When you walk through the entrance they have a big pond with ducks, swans, turtles and even an owl. You can even feed the animals some pellets you buy at the counter. You can choose to sit outside by the pond or indoors. The service is amazing and the food is wonderful!!! They start you off with chips and three different flavored salsas, and the size of the meals are large enough to satisfy the biggest appetite. It may be a bit pricy buy I think its worth it. This is one of my favorite places to eat. Also they make terrific pomegranate margaritas!!! So if you're ever in the area I highly recommend this place.
3	I don't know how this place runs normally, but it was quite a nice experience this weekend when we went for a wedding. The food was great, and its really amenable to kids since there is a duck pond with a quarter machine for the food.Plenty of parking.
4	I love the atmosphere El Encanto has to offer. The pond rocks. My wife and I love the romantic setting and I believe it has received numerous "most romantic restaurant of the year" awards. The food is always top notch and meets/exceeds our personal expectations. The only reason I didn't give it 5 (WHICH I TOTALLY WOULD) was because I can't stand dining on the patio with all the birds. My fear of birds makes the dining experience a little trickier and every so often you see me jump up a little in my seat as a bird has just walked over my feet. UGGGGGHHHHH...In winter, they put out the patios heaters which is always a pretty neat experience...weather permitting of course.Anyhow, my wife and I can't wait to come back.
3	Let me preface this by saying that I moved from Austin, TX last year. As such... mexican or tex-mex restaurants are not something I am used to. Hole in the walls run by moms and pops? Yes. PLEASE. Somehow those are just vastly BETTER.That said, El Encanto is turning out some decent food. Not great. Not bad. Just decent. The mole is probably some of the best I have tasted (what IS that flavor to it that I have never had in mole before?). The enchiladas aren't spectacular but then again... they're enchiladas. I like 'em. Pollo Fundido? I guess I'm in the minority with that one as I barely touched it. The chicken wasn't the least bit tender and chowing down on poultry a few feet away from some ducks, swans and random birds wasn't exactly a rocking experience.Having said that, the pond and its denizens does provide for some nice atmosphere. Go at night around dinner. In the summer it cools off enough and in the winter the patio is heated. Just make sure to guard the complimentary salsa and chips off hours or you will have some competition for them.In my visits, service has always been A+ though.My main gripe... the margaritas. People think these are good!? For the price I'm paying I at least expect to taste SOMETHING. I've ordered them enough times now to know they're consistently weak and mostly ice. Hell to the no. Never again.All in all El Encanto is a good enough place to go when in Cave Creek and in need of some americanized Mexican food.
4	This is one of the prettiest places to dine in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.Someone once told me that historically the place had been a brothel in the 1920's. It has kind of a Shangrila Hacienda feel to it. There is a little pond in the walled courtyard/outide dining area stocked with waterfowl, and on several occasions I have seen a wild Great Blue Heron inside!When my parents came to visit from Massachusetts I chose a hotel destination close to this place because I think it really feels like a vacation in here!The food is pretty good. They have this deep fried Machacca and grilled green onion thing that they serve with warm melted cheese and hot tortillas which is kind of fun for a group.I like the Rellenos here. They have picadillo in them.The bar area is large with a nice fireplace and well stocked with a good roasted tasting salsa and chips, as well as plenty of icewater pitchers while you sometimes have to wait for your table.Very picturesque and great for photo-ops or possibly a wedding party or something.Not the most incredible food on earth, but neither is it ever disappointing, and the view here at sunset is like magic.
4	This is a great place to get lunch in the Cave Creek area. The food is good and sitting on the patio with a margarita is great! The patio has a large pond inside the court yard with ducks and turtles. This is our favorite atmosphere out of the many Mexican food restaurants we have tried. We went in early February and it was a little cold out but it felt very nice still on the patio because of the heaters.
3	I went here last year when I was in AZ, I thought it was God's gift to Mexican food... I was a bit tipsy last year when I went there... I went again last week, it was "ehhhh". Don't get me wrong, still good, but not as wonderful as I remembered... not even close. We had to wait an hour for a table, the waiter made us wait about 15 minutes (not kidding) for water and chips/salsa... Seriously, 15 minutes? You dumbass! The desserts were super good though, that was the upside...
4	Start off with a margarita in the air conditioned bar, because it's the coolest (temp) spot they have. If you don't know what a swamp cooler is (east coasters, this means you) you'll soon find out.Back to drinks & food. Margs are great and the bartender was friendly while my friend and I waited for a table outside.I love the tamales so we got an order of them and the combo chicken and steak fajita which were just ok. The chicken was a little dry and the steak while good was not cut in to easy to eat sizes and frankly making up your tortilla was not easy.Get the margs & tamales and you're safe.
4	We went here on Easter Sunday and we were able to get a table with no reservation. We sat right by the water and listened to live music. The only option was the Easter buffet, which my mom really wanted, yikes. It was good food, nit the most amazing, but what more can you ask out of a buffet? The atmosphere was great. My kids liked it. The margaritas were good.
3	With a desire to get out of the 100+ degree heat, we headed up to Cave creek for a bit cooler weather, some chicken tacos and a couple brews.  El Encanto has a neat little pond in the middle of the restaurant, and pretty darn good food.  The service was great, draft beer was ice cold.  I wouldn't necessarily make the drive solely to eat here, but when in the area it is a very solid dining optoin.
4	Not sure if the heat we were feeling at breakfast was due to the near 100 degree weather at 9am or the spicy Huevos Rancheros from very unique El Encanto Mexican restaurant.Yes its hot out but that shouldn't stop you from heading up to Cave Creek and giving this restaurant a try. For those not brave enough (or smarter than I am) to handle the AZ heat (especially during the summer months) you can sit inside. If you do dine inside, make sure, especially if you have kids, to get a window seat by the pond to see the ducks, turtles, occasional fish and on our last visit an owl.We decided to sit outside as we got there early enough before it starting getting too hot outside (misters were on so that made it very comfortable) and enjoyed the live music on the patio. The rustic Mexican furniture fits the theme perfectly with Mexican blankets as seat cushions. The guitar player was really good and my 2 daughters definitely enjoyed the entertainment.Until 11am on Sundays (not sure if this is always the case so make sure you give them a call before you head in) they have a great brunch to try out some of their menu items. I don't believe you can order off the normal menu during brunch but many of their top items are available during brunch so you should be happy either way. The Pollo Fundido is awesome as well as the Huevos Rancheros.  Everything we have tried so far has been delicious.  Can you tell I am a fan?  As my 5 year old daughter who is a big fan of Mexican food likes to say after she finishes up her breakfast and gets to feed the ducks, "this is the best place eveeeeer!"  If you are up for a fun experience and great Mexican food give El Encanto a try. You won't be disappointed.
4	This place is great.  If you love to sit outdoors and enjoy some wildlife you will defiently want to check this place out.  You must also get a pitcher of the frozen margaritas.  You will feel good after just one glass.  The steak fajitas rock too.  Great atmosphere, great service.  Would recommend to anyone.
4	I tend to romanticize Mexico.  It's a little strange I know, but I always feel that Mexico is one huge hacienda style restaurant on the beach just perfect for day drinking.  This is what El Encanto is to me.  What my preconceived notion of what Mexico should be like.  That may make me a backwards American hill billy but so be it.   I enjoy El Encanto.  I do not get to make it up there as often as I would like since It is about 5 miles past ridiculously far, but when i am there I am always glad I went.  This is usually the place I take out of town guests from the East Coast or Midwest.  The food is good.  I usually get the Queso Guillermo (How does my dictionary recognize Guillermo but not Queso?  That's gotta be fixed.)  It is basically boiling cheese with a few spices and some green onion.  You can add shallots and this beef that appears to be shredded beef that has either been dried or fried, and I strongly recommend that you do.  I have had the lamb, which is ridiculously good, the fish tacos, which are not deep fried as most other places are, and the pork, which is pork and I love pork.  I have yet to have anything there that was not delicious.  My main problem with El Encanto happens to be their Margaritas.  You would expect that a great day drinking mexican spot would have great Margaritas right?  Wrong.  Too sweet, pre-made margarita mix.  This is easily remedied by ordering a shot of Don Julio and a Negra Modelo!All in all definitely worth going to if you are in the area.  Make sure to laugh when your guest asks the waiter if they have fresh duck or turtle soup on the menu.  They will think they are wildly original and witty.
2	Oh, El Encanto...so much promise, so little delivery.I chose this location for my in-laws to take me on a "Bon Voyage" meal because I had been to "Dos" and heard the ambiance was even better at the Cave Creek location. After eating here, I wasn't one bit sad that I was leaving Phoenix.If interested, you can read my review of El Encanto Dos as well. Surprisingly, the reviews are almost opposite (you'd think they'd be similar if owned by the same people).First look, I wasn't amazed. Of course, the pond and the ducks are great, but it produces demanding birds that the net over the pond can't completely prevent. We went early in the evening on a weekday, maybe right around 5pm and it was pretty empty. Our server was very attentive at first, but strayed a bit towards the end. I'm not going to say anything else about the service; I've only been there once and I'm hoping that bad service isn't a theme with the Encanto restaurants.The margarita...I don't remember much about it, so I"m going to say it wasn't memorable. The food was memorable, only in that it was such a bore. I got a quesadilla and could have gotten something more interesting/tastier at Denny's. In fact, I was really astounded at the boringness of the food. Everyone I was with at the table said that they thought the meal was lacking in a way.This visit took place in mid-May 2010, and I'm not sure if they had just gotten a new cook, or had some other issue. That is the only time I've been there, so I can't testify to much...but when I go back to visit Phoenix, I won't be going to El Encanto.
4	Super big on atmosphere in cooler months, and still the best Pollo Fundido I've ever had in Phoenix.  This is where you take out of town guests.
4	Great place to have a romantic Mexican dinner. The seating by the pond/water is tranquil and something that you don't find anywhere else. The food is good, better than average. They are very generous with the chips and salsa here. Which is something that you don't find at a lot of places. I am one that likes to dip a chip in my meal and I don't like being told that "I am going to have to charge you for more chips". I love stopping here when I am in the neighborhood, great watering hole after a long ride on the bike.
3	I had passed this restaurant dozens of time without knowing what magic was behind the plain building. I was very pleasantly surprised upon walking in at around 9pm on a Friday night to see ducks and turtles swimming around. The tables outside were filled with lovers, adding to the romantic ambiance of El Encanto. There was a older gentleman singing Spanish love songs while playing the guitar. It was like another world from the street that we entered from; it almost felt like a secret club for some reason. And I was happy to have found it.Anyway, on to the food. I shared the pollo fundido with my other half. I wasn't TOO impressed, because I still think X Tapa Joe's has the best Pollo Fundido in town, but the yellow rice that accompanied the dish was superb. Usually, I am disappointed at the dry and bland Mexican rice that comes with entrees. Not here. It tasted like the yellow rice that I make, which is moist and rich in flavor. The margaritas were a bit too sweet but still okay. Overall, I thought it was a great place for a date night as it seeped with romance. I would love to try another dish sometime to give them a higher rating, but so far, the 3 stars I gave it seems right on point.
1	Dang!  I wish I had seen the reviews prior to visiting this restaurant but...it was not my choice, actually.What completely freaked me out was that the bill was $85.00!  $85.00 for a meal for two!  For Mexican food!?  Excuse me!!!???The atmosphere was nice, the waitstaff was average, and the food was sub-par.  Actually, the fish tacos were the worst I have tasted but my date loved the carnitas.  The pitchers of margaritas are largely filled with ice.  And everything is WAAAY overpriced for the flavor and quality of the food.I won't return.
2	Two stars for the duck pond. That's it. Margs taste like sugar water, food overpriced and actually tasteless. I feel bad because I used to love this place and I know people that work there.  But the food sucked last two times and the service was so so. Got a super bad vibe from my server because we just ordered apps(that sucked) one was so bad we returned it. Anyways, two  dry tamales and three margs (house!!!!)were 34.00. Still tipped $8. Sorry I didn't spend $75- but I won't spend even $30 again there. Bad food, rude service. Nice duck pond. That's all ya got.
4	The chicken fundido is excellent.  The margeuritas are delicious.  I'm not sure that I like the duck & turtle pond...it seems a little gross.  There are lots of birds on the patio so we always eat inside .
3	Good times, good friends, sweet margaritas.  A long drive through the desert for mexican food, but worth it.
4	We like this restaurant more for the atmosphere. It's fun to bring out of town guests or large parties because you can sit outside by a pond with ducks. It has an old Hacienda feel to it which is nice for people not familiar with the Arizona desert. There is also a mariachi band that walks from table to table which adds to the ambiance. The food is pretty good but not the BEST Mexican food I have had. (I have had better Mexican at Carolina's) It's good enough though if you want to go somewhere romantic or fun for a large group. The service is always pretty decent as well. We're fans!
1	Ate at El Encanto on 9/25 for lunch with the wife.  We came here because we heard about the great atmosphere and with 3.5 stars it was actually one of the higher rated Mexican places in North Scottsdale (which I still find weird).Oh Yelp how you let me down!!!!  3.5 stars - if you stuck to chips, salsa and bottled beer I could understand that rating but my meal was left 2/3 uneaten (appetizer and entree).The setting is unique but is far from special if you are not sitting next to the interior pond.  We were stuck far away from the pond next to a dirty server station and rusty spigot and hose.  When we asked to move "nothing else was available" . . . For an appetizer I ordered the Queso Guillermo.  The only thing accurate about the menu description was "hot bubbling . . ."  The add-on crispy beef Machomos was truly bad - the two bites I had you had to soften it in your mouth for 30 seconds before you could chew it - like really old beef jerky.  The cheese was stuck to the bottom of the skillet and the oil had separated leaving a wet, greasy mixture of chiles onions and tomatoes.  I hate being so negative but I really lost my appetite after this appetizer.What really sent me over the edge was when the Guacamole arrived - a perfect ice-cream scoop of guacamole that must have been served and stored in a very cold refrigerator long before our order was placed because their were ice crystals in the tomato garnish.The only thing positive I can say is that they serve cold beer . . .
4	Great Christmas eve dinner! Margaritas were ok, fajitas were excellent! Service was great. A fellow yelper recommended the guacamole... Stick with the chips and three tasty salsas... Especially the chipotle!
4	Makes for a fun evening.Cool building with walled courtyard surrounding big duck pound and semi-outdoor dinning.Very good quality food - lots of variety.
4	We visit this restaurant often.    Visitors from out of town love the atmosphere, especially the ducks.    We were looking for breakfast and wanted to go somewhere different.    We had not tried the brunch and thought it was about time.    The brunch was a good value at $14.95 with a large selection of regular menu favorites and a few added bonuses.    The omelet bar, waffles and fresh fruit were a nice added bonus.    It's a great place to take the kids and grandma.    Enjoy a nice margarita or mimosa with your brunch.
3	My review seems to be inline with most of everyone. I will say that the Chicken Queso Fundido was pretty damn good and the chips and salsa were ridiculously addicting.  The margarita's were eh not my favorite but it was more less for the ambiance and good company were there for. I've heard positive things about the El Encanto Dos, maybe I'll give that location a try sooner or later- or cut my losses and find a better Mexican establishment in that area.
4	Who knew this little Disneyland-esque restaurant existed in Cave Creek! I've been told by my parents that I came here when I was little but for some reason, I experienced memory-loss, because I don't remember any prior visits. With that being said, I'm mad at my memory for forgetting a cute spot so easily!I love anyplace with a little atmosphere. The food doesn't even have to be phenomenal if the atmosphere exceeds expectations. When I visit a restaurant, I want to leave reality and enjoy a meal in la-la land. El Encanto provides that.At this little oasis in the desert, this quaint restaurant is situated amongst cowboy tourist trap central, but there's nothing cowboy about this place. El Encanto provides a fun Mexican meal atmosphere. As you walk in through the courtyard, you notice tables surrounding a large pond of several ducks and swans. Yes swans! As the waitress put it, "it's great for the guests and especially children...but not so great for me who has to feed them!" I'm still not sure of the origin for why the ducks are there but it definitely adds to a atmospheric experience! The restaurant has Mexican tile and decor and it provides a fun experience for families, couples on a date or friends!The food was definitely above par. The margaritas were tasty! We went with a pitcher since we were going to order several and here's a little tip...the waitress said that three margaritas come in a pitcher, but it definitely came out to be more like 4 (maybe just under). So it's definitely worth ordering a pitcher when you compare the price of a pitcher versus the price of an individual glass.Second up, the guacamole. Delicious! They put cheese on top and it adds a nice little zing to the creamy guac. For my entree, I went for the Pollo Fundido. Here's the thing. It was delicious. Incredibly delicious. However, it was way to fatty and creamy for my waistline. That being said, it was still deliciously and filling. I could barely eat half of it so it might be worth sharing.I would definitely make the drive to Cave Creek to visit El Encanto again.
5	Wow, just so pleasantly surprised!  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but whenyou walk in you can immediately see how beautiful and old it is! The interior pond, the glass, the flamenco dancer and guitarist. Simply lovely. Service was perfect and they were busy. I just loved the Chicken Mole.
4	Can I just say I love El Encanto.I took clients there for lunch the other day.  They are down for the 'Season' from Chicago.  They were just enamored by the atmosphere.  Yes the birds can be bothersome, so don't sit by the pond!  At any rate, the service is always good, the food is fresh and piping HOT.  My favorites are the Chili Verde and the Pollo Fundito!  YUMM!  The Chili Verde is slow roasted pork smothered with green chili...so good!  The Pollo Fundito is a chicken burrito smothered in queso blanco and run under the broiler...double YUMM.It's a bit kitchy, but the service is consistent, the food fresh and tasty, and the whole El Encanto story is charming.When you are in Cave Creek, Go, no RUN to El Encanto and don't forget the margaritas...so good!
4	Been here several times with family and just friends. Always order the frozen ritas....they are good and strong! If you need to find a great place to take kids this is it....very relaxed outside seating with plenty of animals to keep them entertained. They get to feed the ducks in a designated area as well. Service can be hit or miss so can't be in a hurry.
2	You'd think for $7 you'd get a detectable level of tequila in your margarita. And you'd think for $8 you'd at least get some rice or beans with your tacos. I think Austin has spoiled me, but we spent a lot of money for not very much in the end.
5	Everything here is AMAZING.  The food, the service, and especially the scenery if you sit by the duck pond!  I've been all over Mexico, and El Encanto is some of the best Mexican food I've ever had.  It is unbelievably authentic.  This is a great date place, or a place to take out-of-towners, or  place to go to "just because"!  Well worth the drive from Phoenix!
4	Que Bueno!  We got the opportunity to enjoy El Encanto recently (for brunch) and we really did enjoy it!  We had different selections along with some traditional brunch selections/offerings.  The Chorizo and eggs was very tasty, the fresh fruit, the made to order omlettes all were very good.We love the courtyard patio, such a nice touch and makes you feel like you are probably down in Mexico.Can't wait to come back for lunch or dinner sometime soon!
2	Nice patio, and interesting salsa with the chips while you wait for your meal, but I can't believe what we got for $70: Four $7 margaritas that had no trace of alcohol and three forgettable tacos. Plus we were charged extra for a side of rice ... Rice and beans are standard sides in Tex-Mex and don't cost extra. That's the way it should be.
1	I'm perplexed by all of the 4+ star reviews for this restaurant.  We were seated on the patio, which was nice.  The food was not impressive at all.  The Pollo Fundido that everyone raves about was dry and there wasn't enough of the jalapeno cream sauce.  I was dissapointed that when my daughter found hair in her food, they still charged us for the meal because they remade her plate.  The problem however, was my daughter had lost her appetite from seeing the hair and couldn't eat her food anyways.  My husband ordered the lamb stew.  The sauce was seasoned well, but the lamb was very dry, just like my plate.  This restaurant was packed, so people must have good experiences here, but as for our family, we won't go back.
2	My family and I just Celebrated my Mom's Birthday at this Restaurant, we have been here many times before, we love the Ambiance, and the food is pretty good,  I got the abondigas soup, it was just ok, the Chicken & Steak  fajitas were good, their enchiladas were just ok, also!  Our mistake is that we didn't make a Reservation, and were told we would have a hour and a half wait to sit outside, so we decided to be seated inside, they asked us if our entire party was there, I said no, that they would be here shortly, I was told we could not be seated, because our entire party was not here, I have never been to a restaurant where they couldn't seat us until everyone in our party had arrived, normally they ask you if you would like to be seated now or wait, we also were told our party of 7 would not be able to sit together, we would have to sit at tables across, which did not make any sense!   Luckily, there was a couple that left a table that accommodated 7 people so we were all able to sit together.this is a beautiful Restaurant, it is a shame they were not accommodating for our large party, our waiter did make up for some of our Dissapointment !
4	There are so many mixed reviews on this long-standing Cave Creek restaurant/landmark (or tourist trap, depending on how you see it), that I wasn't sure what to expect when I went there for lunch about three weeks ago. Would there be duck poo on my chair? Would I be attacked by giant swan in heat? Is the place really run by lollygagging teenagers? To be perfectly honest, I spent most of the time feeding the ducks with my two-year old nephew, who became ecstatic when he saw the pond and wildlife. But during the short time I spent sitting at my table, actually eating my lunch and interacting with the (yes, very young) waitstaff, I can say that I experienced no major indignities (actually, no indignities at all). I went on a Wednesday during the busy lunch rush, and I have no major complaints about the service or food. The hostess quickly accommodated our request to be seated outside, our waiter was polite and attentive, and although the food certainly doesn't reinvent the wheel, it was standard Mexican comfort food, in all its yellow cheese glory. I wouldn't call El Encanto a foodie destination, but a perfectly nice place to consume cheesy lunch calories if you happen to be in the area.
2	Blech, yuk, really??Well, I had family visiting from Europe and made a list of places that I'd definitely want to take them.  Penciled in at number 22 was this place - a charming restaurant in a charming town that I'd often taken out of town guests over the years.Big mistake.It was terrible.  Parking was in the very, very back as street vendors had taken over the parking lot selling what my dad affectionately calls UBS (useless bunch o' shite).  Once we got through this, we put our name in for a table.  We were told it would be a 30 minute wait, and it was.Service was great, but beware of the bill padding and mediocre, at best, food.  There were 4 adults and 2 kids and our lunch was $100.  I had the chicken parcel thingys which were terrible and around $11. When hubby ordered fish tacos, they asked, "fish tacos with rice and beans?"  he said, "sure."  (ADD $4)  My kids ordered juice with their meals (ADD $4) - seems the kids meals come with milk or soda, not juice.  Sister-in-law orderd enchiladas (ADD $4 - $2 for each one to add chicken), Other sister-in-law ordered fajita salad with tortillas on the side (ADD $4 for tortillas).  YOu get the point, I'm sure :-)  However,  if the food was good, all of the ridiculous upcharges would have been bearable.  It wasn't.  Mediocre food at best.
5	El Encanto will always have a special place in my heart since this is where my husband and I had our wedding back in 2006.  It was our favorite restaurant which also happened to be visually beautiful and so unique.  We love the food, the pollo fundido is the best Ive ever had, the margaritas are outstanding (we had a margarita fountain at the wedding, so fun)  Everything Ive eaten there has been great and the atmosphere is so nice especially if you have opportubity to sit outside.  This was always our go to place for out of town guests as well.
4	Been there a couple of times when we've been down to visit. Great food and we love the patio. Dos is good too and last time we were there they still had their amazing appetizer platter, which the original does not have. Atmostphere at Dos is not as nice though.
5	I've driven past this amazing restaurant dozens of times and never paid it any attention.  From the outside it looks like every run of the mill taco shop with nothing special to offer.But that is part of the charm - It's in COGNITO!As a Texas Transplant I yearn for home.  Stepping into El Encanto is like stepping back in time in San Antonio, Texas.  It is reminiscent of the River Walk and has all of the charm of the restaurants and cantinas along that stretch of water.This is a family run establishment that cares about its customers.  Atmosphere is a sophisticated casual built around a central bio-pond with birds and ducks and turtles and fish.  The outside is so gorgeous that even in the heat you have to wait for a seat here (cooled by misters and fans).  Inside is just as quaint decorated with an eclectic nature that can best be described as recycling out of necessity.Lets not forget the FOOD!  Food here is great and in ample portions.  It isn't Tex-Mex like I'm use to, but it was a spicy and flavorful version of Sonoran that my pallet found welcoming.  The price is right too.  You won't have to finance a meal, and I guarantee you will walk out stuffed and with leftovers.We only had the frozen house margarita so I can't comment on the whole bar (one day I will ;-p  ) but I can say that as far as House-Ritas go, theirs is one of the better ones in the valley.  It is a good balance of all of the flavors that make a quality Margarita.This is a place to be savored with friends.  GO AND ENJOY!
4	Great food, friendly service and charming atmosphere. The kids loved the ducks and turtles!!
4	This is our go-to place when we are craving chips & salsa and/or want to relax outside with a cold beer.  This patio is amazing...you get the feeling you're in Mexico (at least until you hear a pack of Harleys cruising by out front - it is in Cave Creek, after all!)We love that the chips come with 3 salsas - the hubs and I don't usually like the same thing, so this satisfies us both!  The mild is my personal favorite and he loves the salsa verde.  They used to have a kick-ass plate of nachos, but they took it off the menu (wasn't sophisticated enough, apparently)...though it is sometimes available during happy hour.  We also love the Spinach Queso, but that's only available at Dos.  Pollo Fundido is our usual dish and friends love the Fajitas.  My mom still raves about the Sopa Albondigas she had 2 Christmases ago!  The variety of Margaritas is good too.  We love taking visitors here for the obligatory Mexican meal everyone wants to have when they travel to Phoenix.  There may be places with better/more authentic food, but you can't beat the ambiance.
2	If you're familiar with aviation, you'll be familiar with braking action. For this place I give a "poor" braking action report. I just got back from going here on a Saturday afternoon. The place was busy, but not overly so. We were asked if we'd like a seat next to the pond, and decided that a 4 year old would enjoy the view of the turtles wading gently in the pond, and the ducks doing anything possible to avoid the scorching sun committed to frying their little brains after prolonged exposure.What was not anticipated, however, was the flys. Are you kidding me? I should not be sitting in a restaurant where I'm about to shell out $50 for lunch and have the pleasure of swatting flys while eating. Iraq? Sure. Afghanistan? Definitely. Mexico? Comes with the turf. North Scottsdale/Cave Creek/ Carefree? WTF.... over? Also not anticipated was the service. There seems to be a conflict between me and my mate on this one. She goes with "average", I go with "tardy". She's thinking I'm being "harsh". I'm  thinking I'm being fair. That said, I just think that the server was borderline lazy. Asked for the water carafe to be refilled, and someone else ended up bringing it sevvvvvveral minutes later, while the water station was literally across from our table. Asked for our salsa to be refilled, he looked at it, acknowledged and walked away. I made a "bet" that he would forget. I was not let down. Winner winner chicken dinner. But not quite the win I had in mind. This went on with bussing, refills, etc. He seemed just a bit "behind the situation", had poor SA, and was not interested in performing at a high level. The food was eh. Well. My food was eh. I got the enchilada plate, she ordered the pollo fundito. I liked the fundito. It is Ajo Al's Pollo Con Queso in disguise. It is good, but if faced with Al's or El Encanto, I'll go with Al's every time. The beans were a little heavy on the lard. Like I said, it was just sort of bland-ish all the way around. Understand, if I were going to Filiberto's, this would be more than adequate food. However, we paid $47 for lunch and dollar for dollar, it sucked.
4	Great food and atmosphere.  The duck pond is a great feature.
4	What a great Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area!  We enjoyed a nice lunch outside by the pond on Saturday.  The enchiladas and the carne asada burro was delicious.  The service was good, the place was huge and felt authentic - we'll be back if we're in the Carefree area again!
4	What I love about El Encanto.1. The ambiance. I have been coming here for years and I read some of the other reviewers comments about dining on the patio and flies or poor service. I have had both here. So I can see that you could have the misfortune of happening here when either of those are occurring, but do not let it deter you from trying again or trying for the first time. I have been to this restaurant more than 50 times and on the whole the service is above average with some experiences being excellent, and any flying nuisances have occurred maybe twice. In Phoenix, there ARE certain times of year that flies run rampant and are virtually unavoidable outside and are not at all a sign of a lack of cleanliness on the restaurants part. There is NO other place to sit than outside on the patio, inside feels dismal and like you are in a subpar mexican restaurant. My children go nuts for the duck pond and I happily dig in my purse for supplies of quarters as it buys me minutes of serenity to sip on my marvelous margarita. This alone is why I visit again and again. So let's talk about the margaritas.2. The food. I have had dishes I love and dishes I hate and dishes that were just, well, meh. I agree that this is not "authentic" mexican food, but the pollo fundidos make up for that in taste. I ADORE their margies and I like theirs frozen. They are tart and strong and by the time I have had one and are a sip in to the second, the tranquility washes over me. The feeling like I have been exported to an exotic country (save the room full of sun visor wearing cave creek golfers in my immediate view) with my children gleefully dumping hand fulls of feed at the ducks just within my view and I know longer care ALL that much about the food that just got served. I much prefer the food at their sister restaurant along the carefree highway, El Encanto Dos. So here I typically stick to fajitas or fish to avoid the caloric heavyweight of the pollo fundido. I know fajitas are a cop out, but let's remember, I'm here for the margaritas and the duck pond.
5	This is place is amazing. I have only been to the el ecanto dos up until this point. The original el ecanto is beautiful and surprising, it has a large pond with ducks and the seating area is huge.The waiter came very promtly, kept out chips and salsa full. Our food came out very quickly, I ordered the pollo fundido and I have to say I have been dreaming about it since, so delicious!The ambiance was awesome and the people there were great, definately check this place out.
4	This place has delicious Mexican Food! margaritas are good too, not too sweet :) lots of friendly staff, and great service. I would not go there for Happy Hour though, they are only 1.00 off the Margaritas, and you can only sit at the bar area; if its hot hot you have only half the bar available, the indoor side, But for lunch n dinner GREAT!
2	I don't know why I've repeatedly gone back to this place over the years. The ambience is nice, and it's a cute place to bring out-of-town guests to wile away an afternoon. But the food is nothing to write home about -- Los Mesquites down the street is much better -- and far too expensive for quality that is comparable to what you can get at Filiberto's at 2 AM for 1/4 the price. Our last visit clinched my decision not to return when we had the most obnoxious waiter on earth. He spent the entire time he waited on us talking about how he was majorly hung over and explaining in detail how on his last shift he belittled his customers. The only thing more inappropriate would have been for him to compliment my boobs, which come to think of it would've probably been better. Oh, and by the way, one night I drove past here at around 10:00 before the front gate was shut and saw a bobcat moseying out the front door and across the street to Frontier Town - probably looking or a beer after chowing a duck.
5	If you ever go hear, make sure and get the Pollo Fundido!!!  The best ever!!  And make sure and get the FROZEN margaritas, NOT the regular margaritas, because they are way stronger than the regular.  I love this place and would highly recommend it for a date, or a night out with some of your friends.
2	Bleh. That's how I feel about my most visit to El Encanto this past weekend. The service and overall experience was a huge disappointment, which left a yucky taste in my mouth. First of all, we had a reservation- unfortunately for our party of seven, we had to wait 30 minutes past our reservation to be seated inside, after requesting to sit outside. Now I know the restaurant can't help the fact that the patrons sitting at our table wouldn't leave after their meal was complete, but what the restaurant could have done would have been to come up with a solution faster than 30 minutes. We were finally sat in a mostly empty back room, with no ambiance, which felt awkward and unsatisfying. The restaurant manager was very friendly (kind of overly friendly) and offered to buy us guacamole as compensation. Had the guac been more flavorful and bigger this might have been nice, but instead was a very little consolation prize for the long wait and the disappointment of where we were sat. The food overall wasn't great. No one LOVED what they got. We found the chips to be greasy and the salsa just off. I did like my tamales, but wasn't blown away. I really feel if we had gotten to sit outside our experience would have been better, but really the food is mediocre at best. There are plenty of good mexican restaurants in the valley, I will opt for one of them next time.
1	Second time here and equally disappointed as the first time. Food is tasteless, service is so-so, and I find the prices to be excessive. This is really a very touristy place to go in Cave Creek. If you want great Mexican in Scottsdale go to Los Sombreros, a family owned authentic place on Scottsdale Rd.
2	The duck pond was my favorite part , but it is kind of dirty and lacking pond plants for the turtles that live there.If you are shopping along this strip and need a break this will do because It IS NOT THE WORST but also NOT The best in American style Mexican cuisine.We thought we were going to try the $14.95 buffet but took a peek and decided against it because nothing to use looked appetizing and there were very few choices I think only 6 buffet pans plus an omelet station .They gave us the chips and the 3 sauces so MAYBE it's just me but all 3 sauces had an unusual ingredient added that I didn't care for .My Chicken Fajita salad came and I DO NOTE this was the greasiest and oiliest one I have ever had it was very generous with peppers and onions and red cabbage that I picked out because dripping with oil . The chicken had an odd texture sort of dried out but juicy like a dry sponge with liquid . My salad also came with Mexican Style sour cream and  guacamole . I asked for the re fried beans on the side and my husband tried them he said they were just unseasoned whipped beans that really needed some salt .My husband tried the carnitas and thought the actual pork was OK but the black beans that came with it just had an awful smoke flavor to them and he also wasn't a fan of the corn tortillas . He was having gastric problems the next day and thought it was from here since  I was fine and it was the only food we had different the day before . (so it seemed like kind of visiting Mexico for real) I can't say positively that this was from here just a guess .If you dine here a table would be better than a booth because you will have a better view of the ducks , swans and turtles .
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE EL ENCANTO!!!Authentic Mexican restaurant located in North Phoenix (Cave Creek).Awesome food, excellent sevice and a great atmosphere all come together for a wonderful dining experience!If you are in the area it is worth the trip!Cheers!
4	My husband and I took my sister here for dinner on her visit.  They have a duck pond! I love duck ponds, how Blair Waldorf! The setting is a spanish style- tile and colorful with indoor and outdoor seating.  I am sure it is very nice in the fall/winter but it was 109. Plus, the duck pond is cute, but smelled a little like the water at an amusement park, thus we opted for inside seating with a view of the ducks.  The food was fantastic and everyone was happy. The Tamales (chicken and veggie) were flavorful and had different sauces. They were huge though! So was my sister's chicken burrito. Very classic and well done. My husband had the carnitas (so I did not sample) but he was very pleased.  We will go back for sure!  Service was just ok.
5	Great atmosphere inside but even better out.  The food is always good, though I believe the food and drink are a little over priced.  Service has been hit or miss during our visits but generally okay.
5	The absolute BEST mexican food I have had, ever! And that's saying alot from someone who was born and raised in Texas. Not only was the food great, but it was set in a terrific atmosphere. The restuarant was built around a lake where ducks hang out while you dine. This is a must visit if you are ever in the Phoenix area.
3	i tried the  Pollo Fundido based on the comments below & so did my girlfriend.  she'd had it b4 and loved it which i didn't know at the time.  it was REALLY dry.  i thought it was me but i looked up at her and said "itsn't this kinda dry"?  it tasted good and the sauce was excellent and so was the rice. we complained, the manager came out, placated us with getting us more sauce (which was lukewarm) and that was it.  We still weren't happy and the bill came, they took one of them off.  FINALLY!!!  There were no excuses offered or any remedy the first time.  We were really disappointed and she more than me because that's why she chose this restaurant to celebrate my Bday.  Oh well...i've been here quite a few times and have always liked the food and atmosphere.  The chips were great and the salsa not bad.
3	What a cool place! Loved the outdoor patio around the duckpond. We sat inside for some AC as today was a little toasty. I got a corona light and my husband and friend were giving thumbs up about the margaritas. Their chips and salsa actually comes with three salsas: mild, med, and hot. All three were pretty tasty! We ordered the green chile tamales and the fish tacos which came with rice and black beans. The tamales were great-two to an order and big! The fish tacos were not the best I've ever had-but not bad either. Pretty standard fare. Although the sauce on top was pretty good. Service was prompt, although I don't think our waiter smiled once. I did like the layout of the place though. Even though we sat inside we were right by a large glass wall overlooking the duck pond.
4	this place has a very cool layout. entering from the street, it opens up wide with a wrap around patio, lots of shade from structures and trees, cool foliage, and even a big duck pond with lots of ducks, swans, and turtles. we were seated immediately and served some very tasty, crispy chips and 3 types of salsa's. i had 2 of the house margaritas which i thought were so good, they went down too easily. we split a green chile tamale appetizer, 1 each, and they were surprisingly very filling and packed with chiles. we also split a fish taco plate, which was mediocre and a little high priced for only 2 tacos with one tiny sliver of fish inside. the black beans and rice were cooked well and had a great flavor. for out 2 plates, 2 margaritas, and 2 beers, we paid about 50 bucks with tip. our sever, poor guy, didn't smile once and although prompt, was obviously not happy to be at work today. when the folks come to town, we might have to venture out this way again.
4	The Lamb Barbacoa was one of the best dishes I've ever had in any Mexican restaurant, anywhere!   The lamb was tender and without any fat or gristle (rare for lamb dishes), and the sauce was fabulous. ALL the items in the dish were just right also.  I ordered a roasted Jalapeno on the side, which was delightful. The chips and salsa were some of the best also (thin chips, and medium, hot and green sauces)The setting is cool.  We sat overlooking the 'duck pond' watching terrapins or turtles or whatever they are. A great lunchtime experience!  I wonder what it's like at night ...!I just took at look at the 'take out' menu, and it shows that they have two other locations - one in Fountain Hills ... so I'll try the FH location next!
5	We went to El Encanto on our first night in Cave Creek.  It was within walking distance of the resort at which we were staying.  The outside wall hides the beauty inside.  We were amazed at the ambiance hidden behind the concrete walls surrounding the restaurant.  There's covered indoor and outdoor seating around a huge pond.  You would never know you were in the middle of the desert.  Even inside (in the air-conditioning), we felt like we were outside, sitting along the pond with only a big glass window separating us!  The fresh salsa (3 kinds!) and chips that they bring you were delicious.  Nobody wanted the two spicy salsas, so I had them all to myself.  Mmm...  For my entree, I (and so did two others at my table) tried the Enchiladas de Pollo con Mole (Chicken Enchiladas with Mole sauce).  Everyone agreed:  the mole sauce was AMAZING.  It was the best I've EVER tasted.  It was so full of flavor that other mole sauces have, apparently, been lacking.  Now, no mole sauce that I ever eat in the future will be able to stand up against this one.  Sigh...  My one negative comment would be that I was a bit put off by the server's rudeness (or perhaps, lack of interest).  He seemed to do the bare minimum and nothing else.  When I asked him what the dinner specials were, he replied, "I don't know."  Well, okay...   What he *should* have said was that it was only 4:30 (we got there early because we just flew in and were still on East Coast time) so their dinner specials didn't start until 5:00 and the chefs and/or management hadn't informed the wait staff yet.  The food and atmosphere were so perfect, though, that I can't even slight the restaurant's ratings for his lameness.
5	At last wonderful Mexican food in Arizona... you would have thought that would be easy to find. A friend recommended this place and we were not disappointed in the least, The Chicken Mole was wonderful best I've had in years just a hint sweet and not flame thrower spicy. Loved the hot salsa provided which was really not very hot at all but had the great grilled tomato and pepper flavor. Also of note was the flan... our waiter was surprised we wanted dessert! of course. It was just right not thin but fully bodied with real camel flavor and density. We will be back... oh yes it was also a lot of fun to watch the turtles try to climb onto the rock ledges for the sun shine. Highly recommend.
5	Hidden Gem!   So glad we came across this place.  You cannot tell from the outside how unique and cool this place is.  Food was great, atmosphere and decor are spectacular and a great place for kids.   Eat inside or out the view is amazing and service is excellent.  A must try when your in Cave Creek, we often went right bye it, so glad this time we stopped :)
1	Refried beans were dry, the tamale was dry with hardly any  meat in it and the chips...they were horrible as well. My wife sent her food back. Now keep in mind...while I take a restaurant for what it is aka Jack in the box, Taco bell...etc. This place was just horrible and expensive.
1	Went to El Encanto last night.  We started going there 12 years ago and back then the food was good but over the last few years (going maybe twice a year) it has gotten decidedly worse. Even though our last few experiences were poor we decided to try again hoping they were simply bad nights for the restaurant.  Unfortunately this trip was no better.  The chips served were cold and tasted like the oil needed to be changed.  I ordered a plato burro which was tasteless considering the sauce poured over top and the beef was chewy.  The tortillas was also dry and chewy.  My wife had the chilli relleno con pollo.  The chili was undercooked and tasted raw, chicken was overdone, my daughter ordered a bean burrito which she complained about the tortillas being dry and chewy, nothing special but it cost us $14 for the bean burrito with a side of beans and rice.  My other daughter had the pollo fundido which she said was okay. Should have clued in when I ask the waiter what he would recommend and the only thing was the polo fundido.  He said 75% of the patrons have that.  After trying other dishes I understand.   They forgot our appetizer of stuffed jalapenos so we cancelled them when the entrees were served.  Waited 45 minutes from order to entrees and they were not that busy. I used to recommend this place.  Have they changed owners? It seems their attention to detail and quality has gone down and the prices have gone up. Their menu mentions awards from 8-10 years ago.  No way would they get those now.    Not going back and that is a real shame.  Pains me to see what used to be a good establishment go downhill.  Don't waste your time.  There are many better choices for Mexican food.
4	Sometimes there can be a wait, but the food is usually tasty. Chips and salsa with three yummy salsas to choose from are a highlight. Service is usually good- every once in awhile it is slow though. Prickly pear margaritas are a must if you like sweet drinks. Duck pond great for kids ( and me if you're an animal person!).
4	This is one of my favorite places to grab Mexican food.  The food is good and it is fun to see the ducks and turtles!
5	3 out of 4 of us got one of their specialties, pollo funtado, and we all loved it.  The sopapillas are a great desert to share.
3	I agree about the duck pond & the ambiance...However the proof of the pudding is in the taste. On our first visit here about a month ago, we were impressed with the whole enchilada.....However, tonight, honestly, the food was tasteless. Was it the chef's night off ? I had a salad with chicken on top and my husband had chili relleno with chicken.I asked for another dressing ( the first one was so-so) to save it , but i guess it was the chicken that had no flavor on both our dishes, that was disappointing. The chili relleno had no batter, no cheese inside, just a green cooked chili with a few slices of bland chicken on top. The black beans tasted canned...The rice okayThe soup with meatballs was indeed delicious.But I wonder, how could we like Mexican food without melted cheese ?I have to say the service was fine and the manager did compensate us for our disappointing dinner, which was honorable. Will we return again ? Probably not.PS Rubio's, which is a fast food Mexican Grill, has set the bar as far as taste is concerned for us and it costs half the price.
4	was a little hesitant with the low ratings i saw but i liked it.  the decor was great!  surprised with the pond and geese with the authentic mexican blankets and tile.  i ordered the meatball soup and liked them both.  the price was reasonable.  would go back.
4	Believe it or not, hard to find a good Mexican Restaurant in the Phoenix Area.  I think I found one here!The decor was great!  Beautiful pond and geese with the authentic Mexican blankets and tile.  It was like Wonka's Chocolate Factory...  Looked small from the outside then opened to this huge area on the inside!I ordered the tequila shrimp dish.  5 or so big shrimp and yummy veggies on the side.  3 different salsa types with hot chips.  Service was average + but not out of this world.Prices were reasonable I guess...  Could always be a bit lower, especially with this location being a ways out.  It was pretty full on a Thursday night, however.  After I finished my meal, I understood why!
4	Fish Tacos: 1 Star; Restaurant: 4 StarsWe decided to check out some shops in Cave Creek Sunday afternoon and thought this place looked like a nice spot for lunch. We started with two DOS XX while we waited for a patio seat. After being sat, they came with the chips and salsa's. I LOVED the chips. I liked the choice of salsa's, but good thing Dave quickly tried the green one because it had avocado (allergy alert!). It would have been nice if they asked if we had been there before and explained the salsa's. The reds were good. We ordered a small portion of fish tacos (grilled) and the Carnita's. The small portion of the fish tacos was one taco, rice and beans, which I thought would be plenty. When the food came, I was disappointed with the taco. The piece of fish was about 2" long and 1/2" think...skimpy!  it was this small piece of fish in a tortilla, the cabbage was on the side. The only sauce they served with it was a cilantro butter, which I asked for on the side because I am not a huge fan of cilantro. It was ok, I did try some on the taco. I created my wimpy taco and tasted it. It had decent flavor, but I really wasn't getting into it. Of course I ate the whole thing. If you read my other reviews, I like the fish deep fried, and that wasn't an option. It was served with black beans w/melted cheese and rice. I am not a bean fan, and I am less of a fan of black beans; however, these were good. I did eat some. Now, I really enjoyed the rice - it had flavor! I also had a Carnita - good flavor, not excellent, but definitely good!   The service was great. I wasn't a fan of the facility layout; however, I did like the decor and the 'private booths' along the pond. They have a nice 'family story' that I would love to re-write as a marketing person and I would like to try some other dishes on the menu, so we will probably be venturing back another time. Plus - I did love those chips!
3	Visited the restaurant for a Sunday lunch. It has a very good Mexican ambience and is perfect for both indoor and outdoor seating. They have a huge duck pond which makes for good viewing while you eat. The mandatory chips and salsa are good. The green one is the best. We had the shrimp ceviche which was very refreshing with the cucumber, avocado, onions and cilantro in tomato broth. I know I wil enjoy it on a warm summer day ( I tried it on a rainy day) . The other dishes we had were ok, nothing wow, nothing disastrous. Service was very good. Satisfied overall.
3	Good mexican food with reasonable prices, large portions, and with a nice ambiance. The outdoors area is very nice and has a lot of seating so you shouldn't have to wait too long for a table. The food is straightforward and good (not amazing but not disappointing). We had:- Queso Guillermo: A yummy cheesy dip made from real cheese (none of that weird nacho cheese stuff) served with corn tortillas. It's very filling but probably not one of the best fundidos I've had. The cheese isn't really melted that well together so it ends up forming clumps and a strange liquid separation layer. It could have used more flavor like chilis or cilantro or something.- Fajita Taco Salad: A straightforward but solid salad served in a fried tortilla shell. The veggies are a little on the greasy side. The refried beans and guacamole were my favorite parts.- Chile Relleno con Pollo: My boyfriend got this and thought it was good. I think their rice is average.
1	To start with the positive, this place has amazing atmosphere. This is the only reason. I can imagine for the high star reviews. The one star is for the environment,  the food is waaaay back on the negative scale. I had the pollo fundido. It was baaad. I felt ill before even leaving the place and I am really hoping it doesn't get worse.
4	My gal and I enjoyed our experience at El Encanto.  Margaritas were good and the food was just fine.  Loved the atmosphere and the service was decent.  We would go back and invite friends.
5	we went to el encanto at the cave creek location for mothers day this year and last :)this year i pigged out (lst year surgery)food was very good and ranged from omlettes made for you as you ordered them, mahi-mahi, made to order waffles-yum!!  cheese enchilada's (just as good as their carefree location)fresh squeezed orange & apple juice/cider.service was really good as waitress mentioned that the orange juice that i ordered to her previously, you can get where the food was and i said i saw that-she didn't hesitate to ask me if she could still get me a glass and i replied yes please :)i was impressed with that as my food was hot and i didn't want to go back up to the line and wait.that's service for you!!the atmosphere also at this certain location has a huge pond with ducks, turtles and birds and is a delight to be there in the morning and have a nice buffett brunch with watching the scenery along with it.there's nice local shops across the street to visit in addition afterwards.support our local restaurants and shops!!sandy :)
1	My family and I dined at El Encanto on Sat. May 12th and had the most horrendous, humiliating and embarrassing experience. This place is labeled as wheelchair accessible but it is clearly not an establishment for anyone who is disabled. I was using my scooter due to pain issues and the greeter who seated us was very nice to take my scooter away so that it was not in the way but after needing to use the facilities a bus boy helped me by taking the scooter away and I appreciated both of their assistance. After returning to the table and getting the scooter situated my family and I were talking and enjoying the view of the water, I was reminiscing on childhood trips to dine at the restaurant when out of nowhere Robin the manager comes yelling at me shaking her finger at me and screaming about how my scooter isn't a toy and that I had no business letting her employees ride my scooter. She also said other things I did not catch because she was just yelling like a crazy woman. All of the other customers were whispering and looking at us so I was embarrassed. As if that wasn't bad enough she continued to yell and make a scene as she walked from one end of the restaurant to the to the other. Then she started to yell at the young man who had helped me in front of everybody. I had just come from a place where I felt so empowered and not so different and in one minute she ruined my mood and my view of the place. Right before she came to our table yelling I was telling my family how much I loved the place and how many fond memories I had and how good I felt after the event we attended. Robin was unprofessional, inconsiderate, racist and a Bitch. I would love to speak to the owners because if she is representing this establishment then they are in big trouble. I felt that I was targeted because of my being disabled and because my family and I were the only Hispanic people there at the time. While Robin was so busy yelling at me there were about ten small children jumping and climbing the rocks near the water with the parents too busy drinking and laughing to pay attention. I believe she should have focused on that issue instead of who was riding my scooter. She wanted me to leave my scooter behind the desk in front but how the hell was I suppose to get to the table without my scooter that is why the two employees helped me by taking it for me. That woman needs a lesson on what it is to be disabled and also a class in how to be professional. She could have come to our table and introduced herself and stated her purpose for even being at our table instead of yelling like a maniac. There was another manager there a guy but he just came to our table like a dog with his tail between his legs not really doing anything to help the situation or to even try to make it better. My mom had to tell him that she didn't think it was right to have to pay for a meal that we couldn't even enjoy but even then he had a hard time saying he would comp it. I was so disgusted I just paid for our stuff so we could get the hell out of there. I hope that Robin is punished for her behavior and I hope the wheelchair accessible label is removed from this establishment because it is far from accepting the disabled as long as Robin is there. If I could give a no star rating I would because it deserves no stars after the way we were treated so I do not recommend this place at all if you are disabled or Hispanic.
5	This place has really good mexican food and a very nice ambience.
4	Ok food, good service. Wasn't bad just didn't stand out, I prefer lots of flavor on my Mexican food, and I thought most of what I ordered was more towards the bland side. The wife loved it though.
4	Visiting Cave Creek. El Encanto was recommended to us by a local. Great ambience. While we were told the wait would be 45 mins, we're were seated in less than 15 mins. Our seating with a view of the duck pond provided for a delightful experience. Staff was friendly and attentive. Tequila Lime Shrimp and Pollo Con Fundido were both very good. Excellent Fried Ice Cream. I'm a fan.
3	We went there for Sunday brunch. You can't order from the menu Sunday morning so it's either the Sunday brunch buffet or ... go somewhere else to eat. It's $15 per person for the buffet and there's a nice selection. The huevos rancheros was pretty good but a little bland as was the chorizo & eggs scramble. I suspect it's for the typical tourist's palate. The salsas and pico de gallo also had little or no bite. The food is filling and there's fruit, breads, flan and even salad to choose from so there was variety. It's a little expensive for what you get I think. And it would all be pretty ordinary if not for the big pond with green water with ducks and turtles that contributed to the ambiance. (Don't look too closely into the water because there are gross things in there that will make you lose your appetite.) We sat out on the patio, the weather was nice and mild and the pond was "interesting" and despite the color, not smelly. I enjoyed the live music too. I've never been here for happy hour but I suspect having drinks here is fun. I'd probably come here again for the brunch since the food is predictable and plentiful and the location is convenient for us. If you go, just don't expect it to be anything but average.
5	Best Mexican food I have had in Arizona.
4	This is a great place to go in Cave Creek.  The experience is better than the food.  And the food is always good.  I am sure there is better Mexican in the Phoenix area. But this is the best in Cave Creek.   So enjoy the town, the pond, the waterfowl.  Fun place
2	Skip the buffet. It sucked. I saw several people go in and look then come out shaking their heads.  My friend wanted breakfast so we got it. But it really was mediocre. Haven't got sick yet fingers crossed. I do go here often with out of town guests because it is a fun place with the pond etc. but never again the buffet
4	Polo Fundito with extra sauce! Yum. Every time I come here, this is what I eat. It's hard to stray away from something so good.The margs are fantastic too!
2	We went to this place cause we looked at some reviews and people gave high remarks BUT we were disappointed. The enterance showed promise, but the inside let us down. We sat at a table inside that over looked the pond with the ducks and turtles but there were 5 flys on our window alone. And we sat right next to a fly light. I ordered the quesadilla and added chicken and it was soaking wet with juice from the chicken. The tortilla fell apart because of it be so soaked. We had ordered the app quac but it came with the meal and tasted more like avacado paste than quac. Had high hopes but was let down.
4	Just stopped by for a quick drink and a snack.  We got the quesadillas, guacamole, and some margaritas. They have a good frozen house margarita, which was a great way to help beat the heat.  The food was decent and hit the spot.  El Encanto is a huge place with a massive patio.  The patio can only be good for a few months a year given how hot it is in AZ, but it looked very nice.
2	Food OK just average. Friends ordered Pollo Fundido & enjoyed it, but our Chicken Fajitas and Carnitas Burrito were DRY and not so flavorful. Waitress was friendly and attentive. Bartenders needed to pay better attention ... gave our drinks to another couple next to us and didn't even realize the mistake until we pointed it out. LAME!Nice atmosphere on patio. Very large restaurant and we heard manager on the phone calling servers to come in to work,  so service could get spotty.Plenty of other places with better food and service, though perhaps you'll have to travel outside Cave Creek to find them.We might come back here but only after trying the other restaurants in the area first.
1	Horrible food and service! Luckily, they are the only Mexican restaurant in town or they would be out of business. I've been twice and every time the service gets worse. Your local Mexican drive thru has better food.
5	My boyfriend has raved about this place on and off for the almost two years we've been going out so one day we grabbed a couple and drove on up with a birthday being the excuse for coming here. (Excuse so not needed by the way, a fact that I now know!)There's indoor and outdoor seating and naturally we sat outside. There's a lovely duck pond filled with ducks, obviously, and some geese in the center and while it does smell a bit pond-ish it is worth it. The back of the menu informed me that the decor tries to capture the style of Mexican restaurants and I'll have to take it's word for that as I wouldn't know from experience. The food is glorious! I had the Pollo Fundido and I HIGHLY recommend it. I have never tasted anything so good. After dinner we informed our waitress that it was our friend's birthday and she told us she'd be back with some free deep fried ice cream. Now, usually when a restaurant gives a free dessert for birthdays they're on the modest side but what came to our table was MASSIVE and way more then enough for four people to split.If you're ever up in the area and looking for a nice atmosphere with good food then give El Encanto a try.
5	Had dinner here last night and was very impressed.  First the food: had the green chili beef burrito and was very impressed.  Next time looking forward to trying the chili relleno.  Next the service: very attentive staff, not only our waitress but the entire service team checked in on us throughout our meal.  Very courteous.  Finally, the atmosphere: this is a very unique setting with indoor seating, patio seating, and a pond the restaurant is built around where the kids can feed the ducks and swans.  Very well laid out and thoroughly enjoyable.  Can't wait to get back for more!
4	Love taking out of town guests to this place-the ambiance-funky, different, huge space with a very old Mexican vibe. The food is just okay-but drinks and atmosphere are so great that it makes up for the difference. Huge pond with fish in the center of the restaurant, lots of old Mexican tiles, iron patio furniture and just a really nice atmosphere for a family gathering or celebration. Highly recommended if you are looking for a place with character and just a little bit different than the usual mall restaurant.
4	I was brought here by chance on Christmas Eve. It was a welcomed change from other valley Mexican restaurants. The open patio in the back with the turtle and duck pond really was magical. I had the pleasure of trying their shrimp taco suave and their taco fritas. The taco suave was particularly good. It had onions and red cabbage. Put a little bit of their homemade salsas on them and wach their taste explode. Very savory and spicy. I was pleased to find such a flavorful and authentic restaurant so far off the beaten path.
2	Pollo fundido not good, Garcia's on 35th Ave way, way better.
5	The perfect place for a romantic date. El Encanto is the first place my girlfriend and I think of when we want to go on a date. It has become "our restaurant". The best part of the restaurant is the atmosphere. Wheather inside or out you have a perfect view of their beautiful pond full of ducks, swans, turtles, and fish. It has a beautiful mission like backdrop with gorgeous flowers and plants that make you feel like you are in beautiful athentic Mexico. The food is always great, it is authentic and always comes out perfect and delicious, and of course they have good chips and salsa which is how you judge a mexican restaurant anyway, making food quality above average. The staff is very friendly and very knowlegable about the menu, they can create the tast for you like it was already in your mouth. We love coming and spending time talking to our waitress because of how friendly she is, giving quality of service excellent.The price is great as well. The portions are always big but this doesn't change the prices here, making value above average.
2	Checked in for a party of two, was told there would be a 30 minute wait.  In reality, the wait was 5 minutes.  Not sure the hostess' know what they are doing.Was seated, took 10 minutes for the waiter to show up.    Drinks were slow to arrive.   Pollo fundido arrived cold.   Waiter never asked how the food/everything was.   Drink refills were very slow/non-existent.    Manager never came by to touch-tables.   Overall, have had much better food and far better service elsewhere.
5	Have eaten here twice with friends and each time the staff, food and margaritas were awesome. Have tried something different each time on the menu and was very satisfied. Love the duck pond and outside patio area. Very friendly and service inspired staff. Would highly recommend giving them a try.
5	Great frozen margaritas and make sure you order the Pollo Fundido.  It's worth the trip up to Cave Creek.
4	Good food, great atmosphere. Everyone raves over the pollo fundido...its awesome, but the rest of the food is great too. Cheese enchiladas are bomb!!
4	There  is not large selection of eateries in Cave Creek but El Encanto is a good one.  I started off with a pitcher of margueritas and they were the best.  The queso appetizer was fabulous as was the fresh guacamole.  The pollo fundido was outstanding and the small size was more than enough.  They were able to accomodate our large group.  I will return!
4	Hubby and I visited here recently and even on a rainy day the place was BUSY! I hadn't been here for years but wanted to see if things had changed. We sat at a table close to the water, service was very good and food was also good. Cave creek and carefree have a few more restaurants but still have that small town feeling. We would definitely return!
4	I love going to this place. It has a great atmosphere. I always try to sit by the duck pond. My baby, as well as my tablemates, love to watch the ducks and turtles. There is always some drama with the goose and mallards. Its great. It is like watching the discovery channel. I give the atmosphere 5 stars. The food is good. Is it the greatest Mexican? No it isn't. The food is probably a 3. It is good Mexican and I enjoy it. The chips and salsa are good because you get 3 different salsas. I have had the salad fresca with shrimp and it was good. I did not think the shrimp was worth it, and would probably just get it plain next time. If you are in Cave Creek, you should go here or take out of town guests. There is no atmosphere like it. Plus afterwards you can check out the shops across the street.
5	Fun atmosphere with options for indoor or outdoor seating, even a view of the pond. Our server was friendly, attentive and efficient. The menu offers something for everyone, including vegetarian dishes. We sampled a nice veggie fajita. The carneasada was tasty and the rib eye steak was of good size and cooked perfectly. We also enjoyed the chile rellano con pollo, with just enough of a hot, spicy flavor. The Plato carnitas was a generous portion of succulent pork. The portions were very generous. Entrees priced $12-18, beers $3. Great for a relaxed evening!
4	Best frozen margaritas, hands down, in Phoenix area.  The service and atmosphere are excellent.  The food is just ok and this is why I gave it four stars instead of five.  Because of duck pond, it's fun for kids of all ages.
2	This place has gone downhill. The rumor is that Immigration raided the place and took the cooks away. Since then the menu has been reduced to a few basic offerings. Too bad, as the setting is kinda cool, but you could find better.
5	Love El Encanto! They have delicious food! Try anything, they never disappoint
2	This establishment used to have excellent service and food, but sadly this has not been the case the last few times I have visited El Encanto. I am in no means picky with what I eat, and I am not comparing 5 star meals to a place such as this, but their Plato Burro consisted of a few strands of dry meat shoved into a cold tortilla. The rice was cold, beans microwaved, and the server came around to the table once every twenty minutes or so. The only thing that prevents this place from having 1 star in my book is the pretty duck pond, and their salsa is very good. Avoid this place and head somewhere else if you want good mexican food.
3	Food was decent and atmosphere was great. Live music and dancing was a nice touch. Service was mediocre at best. There didn't seem to be a manager within sight and much of the staff seemed disinterested. They had a heck of a time just getting our order right and getting it to the table in some sort of orderly fashion. Enjoyable night but we had to ignore the disorganized and cranky staff.
4	What a wonderful atmosphere!  And the service was perfect!  Our waiter was a very pleasant young man named Mike and he made our dining experience a true pleasure.  The only reason we aren't giving the 5th star is because the food was a bit bland compared to the descriptions in the menu.  We'll definitely come back and try again!
4	El Encanto is about 35 minutes from my house, but we drive there as often as we can to have their lunch. I love the mole chicken enchiladas! The best I have ever tasted! My husband likes their fajitas and tacos. You can't go wrong with these items. I gave it 4/5 stars, because their margaritas are not very good. They are watered down & you can not taste any liquor. However, the food is amazing and if I lived closer, I would eat here all the time. This is a GREAT place to take your guests when they are visiting AZ and if you're the one visiting, this place is a must!
2	First let me start off by saying that the food is amazing. My 2 star rating is the atrocious service we received last night.The restaurant hours said that they were open til 10 pm on Sundays. We arrived at 8:40. When we walked in our flustered hostess (there were only about 5 tables in the restaurant) didn't even greet us, just said, "Our kitchen closes in 20 min." Lovely way to start off the meal. When we were seated our drink order was taken by a nice gentleman. The drinks were brought to us by a woman who looked as though by us sitting in her section we were doing her a disservice. I have been in the service industry for 10 years so I can handle mediocre food but bad service is a deal breaker. We ordered our apps and then about 10 min later ordered our entrees. 20 min after we ordered our apps everything arrived all together. The portions are pretty large there so we weren't too pleased that everything was brought out at the same time and would unfortunately get cold. I'm not one to complain cause I know how it is to deal with people that can't be pleased but this made me want to literally ask our server if someone had just died because of the attitude she had. I cant really say that 'Id return. This place is 45 min away and I don't wanna waste my hard earned money at a place where they couldn't care less how their staff treats the patrons. Horrible service. Horrible hostess. Disorganized. Good food.
4	El Encanto is a fun spot to take a out of town guest. It's located in the small cowboy town of Cave Creek. Upon entering the restaurant you are greeted by large ducks frolicking in the central man made pond.The food and service is decent. I love their margaritas and always order the pollo fundido. Cream cheese and chicken nestled in a deep fried tortilla topped with more cream cheese sauce.By the way, this place is huge, it seems like every corner you turn they have slapped in an additional dining room. Also, if the weather is decent I recommend sitting al fresco.
5	I love El Encanto. We recently took my grandma and my kid for lunch. If you haven't been you should check it out. There is a really cool outside patio area around a large duck/turtle pond which really is the focal feature of the place. The chips and salsa are award winning and the lunch menu is great and really affordable. I had the mole enchiladas and my husband had the fish tacos. Both were excellent.
4	I can't believe it took me this long to come eat at El Encanto! I've heard about the cool patio and pond but really didn't understand it until we finally stopped off here for Cinco. Glad we did!When you first walk in from Cave Creek rd side you are met with a large outdoor pond and see tables next to it. It really reminded me of the River Walk in San Antonio. Really cool and probably the best reason to come here. The atmosphere is really great. Plus we had awesome weather which made the experience even better. The wait was about 20 mins so we grabbed a drink from the outside bar. The pond and weather really made the time to by and before we knew it they had a table ready for us. Too bad they didn't have a table near the water but we still could see if from inside. I ended up ordering the mole chicken enchilada. I'm a big fan of mole and it is very hard to get right. I'm often hesitant on ordering mole at a restaurant that I've never been too but I was glad I did here. Easily one of the best mole and I wish I would have ordered the large size! Chips and sala were good and had good service too. Ill be visiting El Encanto again!
2	I'm in town on business and was told by my hotel staff that El Encanto was a great place to go for Mexican food. The atmosphere is great. The tables, decor, duck pond on the patio are worth a visit. I would stick to drinks and salsa though.My make-your-own margarita was good and the salsas were really tasty so I was extremely disappointed when I got the guacamole. Probably some of the worst I've ever had. I ordered the Chile Relleno for dinner which was also gross. The dish itself was average but I could tell the second I got it that it had been sitting under a heat lamp in the kitchen for a while. Everything was dry, the melted cheese was hardened and the sauce had that layer of film on top. Blaaah. After reading others' complaints about dry food and the staff being unwilling to make changes to the menu, I'm convinced they pre-cook dishes and let them sit under the heat lamps until someone orders one. I've worked in restaurants and know exactly how a plate looks that has been left in the window. A lot of the dishes I saw looked that way. Service was slowish but my server was nice. He took the guac off my bill because I barely touched it. I hadn't even complained. Wonder if he's used to that...So go early for drinks, salsa and ducks but don't waste your money on the overpriced food.
3	A great atmosphere, very relaxed and open and airy.  We had lunch, Plato Mexicano, and chicken and beef tacos.  Very mediocre, not seasoned, in short---bland.  Great friendly service by Francisco, our server and the great surroundings, salvaged the day.
2	We went into El Encanto for a late lunch.  The place was clean but service was slow.  We ordered pollo fundido.  The meal was not edible.  I was not sure if it was the sour cream sauce or not.  I would not go back.
5	Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere! Not to downplay their great menu, but if you are looking for a great place to take a friend, family, date, etc. this is it. There's great seating outside beside the giant duck pond that features geese, ducks, and turtles which is fun for kids and adults. A favorite among my friends and I is the Jalapeno Cream Sauce which you could put on honestly any of the meals and it would go great. Three different kinds of salsa served with the tables chips is another fun feature. Go up and treat yourself to one of their many margarita's, you wont regret it!
4	We love taking out-of-town guests to El Encanto for the "experience".  Charming, funky Mexican patio feel (complete with a pond filled with duck, geese and turtles), in general the staff is great (we have had one or two surly servers in the past, but we never see them again, so evidently management takes care of this) a mariachi band or guitarist strolling amongst the tables (my only issue with that is what's the etiquette?  Should we stop eating and look attentive when they stand at our tableside and play?  Do we tip?)  And the food is GOOD!  I love the three sauces that they bring to the table with chips---just pour those into a soup bowl and give me a spoon.  Chips are typical Mex restaurant fare---a little greasy and tasteless---probably out of a box from Chicago.  We haven't had a unenjoyable meal there yet, although I wish they served a vegetarian version of a chile relleno---why do people insist on ruining cheesy goodness with meat?  But maybe I just need to ask.  DH loves the Pollo Fundido and the Carne Asada.  I am also a fan of the Enchilada de Pollo con Mole.  It's fun casual, and come hungry!
5	The best Mexican food we've found in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area since we moved here a few years ago.  Tried it initially based on a recommendation, and now El Encanto is where we take all of our out-of-town guests for a great meal paired with great ambiance.My personal favorite is the pollo fundito.  Great flavor, great portion size.  I also really like the salsas that come out with the chips before the meal.  The first time I was there I wound up taking a container home.  We're always sure to get deep-fried ice-cream as a desert, too.  The pond in the center of the property is beautiful (except for the one instance we saw where a bunch of large geese all ganged up and attacked a small helpless duck...the wait staff did their best to save it).  Also, don't allow yourself to get seated in the back room of the restaurant.  No view of the pond, and a large loud clunky heater or a/c unit kills the ambiance.  We'll be back many more times I'm sure...
5	My family stopped here on a Friday afternoon during our vacation. It wasn't busy at all so our experience was a quiet one. The atmosphere was beautiful inside and out!  If it hadn't been for the fact that it reached record high temps that day, we would've eaten outside. We were able to sit at a table right next to the pond and it was really fun to watch the ducks and turtles swim. We were greeted and seated immediately, and our waiter was very attentive. My hubby and I both had the Pollo Fundido and is was soooo good!  The quality of the chicken was excellent!It was also a fun little town to walk around after lunch. Next time we are in AZ we will be back!
4	I love going to El Encanto - probably far more because of the ambiance and the fact that it is a sort of landmark in my hometown of Cave Creek. The food is solid, but not fantastic. I love the avocado salsa they bring out with chips. The pollo fundido is always good, if not a little dry at times. My kids love feeding the ducks, though, and are happy to go to El Encanto. The service is usually good. I would be sad if there was ever no more El Encanto.
4	We had some family in town and we decided to bring everyone here. We had to wait a little while but it was a weekend night so it was expected. We grabbed some drinks in the bar and chips and salsa, we were happy campers.Chips and salsa were both good. Nothing EXTRAORDINARY but the salsa was very good.We sat outside by the big pond and it was nice out, even in the summer. I ordered the Pollo Fundido and it was very good as well. I'm not going to say if it was the best or not since everyone has different preferences, but it was very very good and worth ordering. I would say it is more on the sweeter side (must've been the cream cheese) than most fundidos.Service was very good and attentive, kitchen speed was fine. Great food at a great place. We will be back!
4	Awesome, relaxing eatery. Beautiful ambiance. Today I had the special: a beef burrito with green verde sauce. Delicious!! The best part of the experience was our waiter, Rashaad (aka Superman:). He was so friendly and positive. Made our lunch a great experience!!!
5	This place is our "go-to" Mexican spot.  Each of the many times I had gone, I have had only great things to say and eat!  The service is always very attentive and friendly, the food is cooked perfectly and the margaritas are out of this world good.I enjoy the Mahi Mahi tacos and tamales for quick stop-ins.  I also am unable to stop eating the 3 selection salsa and chips.  Both salsa and chips are made on site and rather tasty.The restaurant offers indoor and outdoor seating.  Views of the duck and turtle pond are offered from each seat selection which also makes it an entertaining atmosphere for children.  Kids of all ages seem to love feeding the huge ducks.Stop in, you will love it!
3	My husband and I tried this restaurant for the first time last night and it was solid.  We didn't have to wait long for a table indoors (they could seat us outside immediately but we opted to wait 10 minutes to sit inside) and the service was prompt.  We split fajitas, which were decent.  We did need to ask for more tortillas, then a side of rice (they only came with beans and some pico de gallo) and an extra side of pico.  We will definitely be back to try some other options on their menu.  Oh and the huge pond outside with the ducks and turtles seemed a huge hit with everyone - kids and adults alike!  It was fun to go out there after dinner and watch the kids feed the animals.
3	Meh... Lots of flies buzzing us INSIDE.. We ended up moving to a different table to avoid them.  Food was ok. Service was good. Margaritas were excellent.  Salsa was average.  There is too much competition for me to bother going back.
4	It's been a while since I have been here but they still offer good food, fast service and friendly wait staff. The cheese enchiladas are yummy and the trio of salsas offered with the chips are good.
4	Beautiful seating area next to a pond with ducks! Delicious margaritas by the pitcher for a reasonable price. Free chips with three house made salsas that are great. I ordered the enchiladas with red and green sauce - very good. My friend ordered a dish with the white sauce which was amazing! Service was a little spotty.
4	Great salsa and margaritas. I am definitely going back if I am ever in the area again. Amazing inside!
2	Hadn't been back here in sometime. Was very disappointed at the slow service and mediocre food quality. Sure not like it used to be. Even the manager negotiated what she'd bring in response to a simple request for sour cream. Too bad. Used to be a favorite with good food, drinks, service, and ambiance. Seems even the ducks have moved on.
1	Worst experience ever.  Restaurant was not busy and my group of 8 was told we could not sit together inside or outside. Hostess was rude and so was the heavy 50ish manager who claimed she was also the owner (I seriously doubt it).  We were all astonished at the treatment we received when simply asking to be seated together.  Quote from the manager "some people are just not a good match for a restaurant."   Seriously?  Stay away!  Read the other reviews.
5	Great experience for the whole family. Pollo Fundido was excellent. Also, the trio sala and chips were a great appetizer.
3	Good food. I got the Pollo Fundido and my wife got the Mole'.  My only complaint is that I paid $28 for a pitcher of margaritas that was 95% Ice.  That's right, ICE!   This pitcher would have been easier to drink at $15.  Also, some biker decided I parked too close to him so he spit on my drivers side window on his way out.  This is probably the same guy that didn't wash his hands after doing who knows what in the bathroom stall.  #keepitclassycavecreek
4	Really good stuff.  Good food, great service and a very cool spot. I will be back on my next visit to Phoenix!
5	Excellent food! Excellent service and great ambience. Will definitely come back on my next trip to Arizona
5	Love this place...Best Mexican in the valley IMO. Makes for a beautiful and relaxing lunch destination. 5 stars for days!
5	Each time I visit El Encanto I am always very pleased with the service and most importantly the food. This place is a must visit.
2	Expensive Gringo Mexican food.  Saving grace is the setting.  Wonderful pond with ducks in the middle of the facility.  Go for the beauty of it, not for the "Mexican" food.  They seem to cater to the Cave Creek tourist "semi cowboy" trade.
5	Duck pond, pollo fundido, and blue margaritas! We drove 45 mins to eat here when we lived in az.
4	They are quite busy so I snuck in and grabbed a table in the bar. Chips are light and crunchy. Salsa was good. I need to tell you about the amazing pescado lunch. $9.99 and it was mahi mahi today. Grilled and topped with pico de gallo. Cooked perfectly. Moist and flavorful. Also served with rice. The rice is good. Not mind blowing but have I mentioned the FISH?? Get here before you're starving if you want to enjoy the fabulous courtyard.
1	First time visiting the restaurant last night. Can also say it will probably be my last. My complaint with this place involved the service, the prices and the quality of the food.We had some family in town and had just finished with an event nearby. Someone suggested we try El Encanto for dinner. After arriving we waited about 20 minutes for our table for 10 which is understandable on a Saturday night.When we were brought to our table we were promptly brought waters and chips & salsa by the bussers. But we had to wait at least 10 minutes for the server to take our drink order and wait an additional 15 minutes before our drinks were delivered.We ordered our food, it came out in a reasonable amount of time, but my entree was cold. I ordered the pollo con mole enchiladas which though they tasted ok, they were cold. This entree was $14.99My boyfriend had the "special" 5 jumbo shrimp swimming in some chipotle sauce served with veggies and rice. $17.99Thank god we waited so long for our drinks we filled up on chips and dip.Then the server had a difficult time splitting our check. We were told the computer wouldn't allow him to split the check any further and everyone's tickets were messed up. He probably should have suspected or at least asked at the beginning if the check was to be split. On top of it all he added a 20% gratuity. All in all, I felt that this place was over priced, the service was slow, the food was served cold and the portions did not equal the pricetag. Also, not very accommodating to large party's.One positive thing I can report is that the house margarita was quite tasty - though it was mostly ice.
3	Our server (in the bar) was friendly and attentive. The food was good, not great. While there are some really nice aspects to this place...it always leaves us wanting just a bit. I think that it mostly lacks intimacy.
1	I used to eat at El Encanto a lot years ago, and when a buddy invited me to go with him to Cave Creek shopping for a Mexican style Bistro table, I said "only if you treat me to lunch at El Encanto!Unfortunately, lunch was a disappointment. They seated us at a table in the direct sun (it's January, and the hostess said "so you can enjoy the warm sun"). The problem was that the sun was at an angle that blinded us so we requested to be moved. Our waiter took our order, then the hostess moved us to a perfectly good table.But it seems that our waiter at the original table was not happy about giving us up to the waiter for the new table, and while that argument ensued, we had no waiter. After what seemed like forever, I motioned to the waiter waiting the table next to ours and asked if he knew who our waiter was. He told me that the original waiter would be waiting on us, and I told him that so far no one has waited on us. He said tersely "So what is it that you need?"  I said "some silverware and water would be a nice start". He grabbed silverware, napkins and water glasses from a nearby table and said "don't shoot the messenger" to which I said "I don't want to shoot anyone, I just want standard service".Our food did show up, and later our waiter showed up.We ordered:- Large Guacamole (to share)- Quesadilla with chili strips (my buddy)- Chili Relleno with Carne Asada (me)The guacamole was actually quite good, even if it is a bit over priced.The Quesadilla was not a Quesadilla at all, but a cheap cheese crisp and not really even a good Cheese Crisp at that.The Carne Asada that came with the Chilli Relleno was good, but the Poblano was filled with mashed potatoes! (yep, mashed potatoes). I guess it was the Irish-Mexican version of the Chili Relleno?Overall we managed to pay $40 for an $8 lunch, and an overall bad experience.As it turns out, I will be going to Cave Creek several times in the coming weeks. As it turns out I will not be dining at El Encanto.Anyone know of a good place to eat in Cave Creek?
3	Let's just start by saying I'm not a fan of Mexican food, but we went here specifically for the Chicken Fundidos which we had sampled in the fall at the Taste of Cave Creek. They are so delicious!  Even more delicious at the restaurant with its Mexican ambiance, and its stellar outdoor patio!  A reminder to self, though . . . don't overdo it on the chips! This place isn't keen on reservations unless you call a couple hours ahead.  I called earlier in the day and they told me I'd have to call back. When I called back two hours beforehand, they said the couldn't accommodate a party of 2 until 8 pm. That was too late for us, so we thought we would just try to get in without a reservation, and if not, find another local restaurant. We arrived at 6 pm and there were tables galore -- inside and out!!!  I guess they all cancelled?The service was prompt, but we felt rushed through our meal . . . maybe it was because they were expecting another crowd that might not show up!So with that experience, it knocked a star off what could have been a really 4 star review!
5	Overall:I was extremely happy with this place. Good service, very friendly even though they were very busy, but it was a Sunday afternoon so I can't blame them of course. The environment is absolutely beautiful, I love the little lake and ducks and the people in the restruant were all very lovely people. I will definetly be back to bring my other family members along. The food was very fresh (I had shrimp tacos) and it was very good. Two tacos made me full. Prices? I wouldn't say they are over-priced, for people saying they are over-priced, this is standard for Scottsdale, even though this is Cave Creek area, a lot of us from Scottsdale are very close. :)I forgot to add we had to wait 25 minutes for our table, but they did warn us ahead of time, it was worth the wait. :)
5	This has to be a top 3 Mexican restaurant in the valley. The setting makes it my favorite. Great outdoor patio and duck pond. They usually have a talented mariachi band on the busy nights. The pollo fundido is the best that I have had. Everything else that I have tried is very good as well except for the fish tacos. I would stick to something more traditional here. The pitcher of margaritas I always get helps washes everything down.
5	I travel to Scottsdale frequently  - 3 times a year and each time I go here to eat lunch/dinner. The service is great. The food is so good and the atmosphere is worth the drive it too.   It's the perfect place to kill an afternoon drinking alcohol, staring at the pond and eating their chicken.    I eat Mexican frequently so for me to rate this place so highly - they had to be good.  If you are on the border about this place - just go- based on the other reviews - you're likely to love it then hate it.
4	The food was delicious, everyone was very friendly.  Margaritas were super.Ambiance was great, except for the high noise level.
5	We were told to get the prickly pear margarita and it did not disappoint!We had to wait a bit since the outdoor patio was closed. But that was a good thing as it was quite chilly outside.One of our party doesn't like very spicy food and the waiter was very accommodating with putting sauces on the side for her.  The food was quick, hot, and delicious.
4	We hit this place periodically.  The food is good and the service is typically good.  It's very popular to sit out on the patio during the winter and spring months in Phoenix,  Pollo Fundido is one of our favorites and I also love the mole enchiladas (in fact, I had some just last night!!).  One point of irritation - when booking a reservation for a party of 12, we were told that there was a 2-hour limit on the table.  I get it, you want to turn over tables, etc. - but it does not make guests (including a large group who are coming to spend money in your restaurant) very welcome.  Agree or not, it left us feeling kind of like we were told to eat and then get the hell out.  Unless service is slow, I don't believe I have ever sat in a restaurant for more than 2 hours anyway, but I found that being told that there was a table time limit a bit irritating. It won't stop me from going back because we love the food and atmosphere.  It's a good place to bring out-of-town guests when they are in Phoenix.
5	We came here based off of the reviews on Yelp.  Headed to Cave Creek for a bit of a break from Scottsdale/Phoenix area.  As we rolled into town I was ready for chips, salsa and a great marg.  This place did not disappoint.  We had a family of 4.  The chips came with 3 salsas.  All were amazing.  My husband had the Prickly Pear marg and I had the Cabo Wabo.  Delicious.  Food was great, the place was on point all the way.  My only wish is that they had one near Denver, CO.   When in the area we will be back again for sure.  Good stuff!
1	We have eaten here several times before, taking out of town guests for a unique Mexican dining experience.  Last night we were extremely disappointed with our dinner.  Three of our guests had the fried fish tacos, which were small and without much flavor, even after ordering additional sauce.  The Plato Mexicano had a tamale which was dry and left uneaten by our guest.  I had the Pollo Asado, which also was extremely dry, accompanied by grilled vegetables which were raw, barely warmed and without flavor.  After spending over $100 on a poor dinner with average service, we have no intention of returning.
5	All I have to say is MOLE SAUCE!!!!! It was the best I have ever had! The small portion of the mole chicken enchilada was PERFECT before a fun night out in Cave Creek. The Prickly Pear Marg was awesome as well! Definitely stop in if you are in town and want Mexican Food!
4	The pollo fundido is my personal favorite with a margarita. The atmosphere is great... I prefer to sit on the patio so that I can enjoy the pond and the weather.
5	My first experience at this restaurant was very positive. Very cool place; I really like the way it is set up. It was super nice outside so we ate outside on the patio. Service was great! Our waiter was very attentive and nice. The only issue was that gratuity was added to the check. There were 8 of us all together (including 2 kids) with 3 separate checks. We would have tipped the waiter more than what was added. The food was delicious! I ordered cheese enchiladas with rice and beans and I would love to go back for more!
3	I've been here several times and the service is good and so is that atmosphere. The food is lack luster and is just ok mexican food. Nothing to write home about, we mostly just like to sit on the patio.
5	Favorite restaurant in the PHX metro area. Drinks awesome, eveything about thus place is great.
3	Here's the deal. This is a four star Mexican restaurant if the kitchen isn't jammed. I rated this three stars based on the food quality when busy. I love the polo fundido dish and the guac is above average. Pork stew and melted cheese apps are four to five stars. Go when it is slower and you will be happier.
4	Great Mexican place in Cave Creek. Authentic atmosphere. Food is reasonably priced. The hostess on the other hand is not so nice! Don't ask for outside seating! She'll put you in your place for you being dare enough to ask! I was made to feel like I should be grateful for even getting a seat inside!!!!
1	The first time I ate here the food was really a disappointment.  Because the restaurant was busy, I gave them a little slack.  But after going there two additional times (a friends idea to return not mine) I have decided that the only good thing about this place is the atmosphere.  The food on each occasion was subpar and not worth the money.  This is really sad to say because I really want to like this place.  It has a great atmosphere that could make this place the best (if only the kitchen could match the atmosphere).Utterly disappointed
5	Great food and atmosphere! Good portion sizes and the oasis is very relaxing and fun to watch all the birds, ducks and turtles.
3	We ate here for the fist time today.  Like just about every other reviewer, I enjoyed the atmosphere.  Having just moved here from Virginia, we've missed ponds, turtles, geese, etc so it was fun to see a little taste of what we're used to enjoying. I also agree that the food is not terribly exciting.  I ordered a salad.  The description on the menu boasted avocados, tomatoes and cucumbers.  The entire salad was a large amount of lettuce, beans and cheese topped with 2 small slices of a tomato, about 1/16 of an avocado and 2 small slices of a cucumber.  So yeah, basically I paid $10 for lettuce and black beans garnished with the aforementioned.  I was disappointed.  I would have mentioned this to our waitress, but she didn't really hang out long enough to hear anything.  In fact, we had to flag down another restaurant employee a couple of times when our drinks were empty.Water cups are already on the table before you are seated and they are placed rim-down.  Firstly, I do not think this is very sanitary because restaurant tables are not clean (they are usually wiped "clean" with dirty rags).  Secondly, there was something nasty and sticky on the table because I had to use a decent amount of force to turn over my glass as it was stuck to the table.  I just wanted to drink water but I ordered soda just so I wouldn't have to drink out of that cup.The bathrooms are a bit icky and since they say that restaurant bathrooms are indicative of the cleanliness of the kitchen, I had to force myself to not think about it as I was eating.  Ew.It was fun to eat at El Encanto because of the atmosphere.  I probably would only go back if someone else wanted to go, but I certainly wouldn't return on my own.  Cute, they just need to clean up a bit and better honor the descriptions on the menu!
3	I don't like to write a review of a restaurant unless I've been there a few times. Why? The first time we came here the food was pretty tasty, second time a little less impressive and the Third time was not a charm. I got the pollo fundido each time (for the sake of consistency) - first time it had tons of sauce and each subsequent time it was dry as a bone. My husband tried a few things and was only impressed with the mole sauce. The salsa and chips are ok but nothing to write home about. Definitely had us missing our New Mexico Mexican food! We came one random day for dinner and there was a 30 min wait. The setting and ambiance are fun! You can get duck food from the hostess for 50 cents and the kiddos will love feeding the ducks, turtles and fish. Watch out for those ducks because they will bite! We will come back because the kids like it and the food is decent, but don't expect to have your socks blown off by the food. A cool place to check out though!!
4	First night of vacation and it got off to a nice start with dinner at El Encanto.  Margaritas were tasty.  They provided 3 different salsas which we liked. Our daughters split chicken fajitas and really enjoyed them.  My wife and I split a sampler platter.  Chicken Fundito was good, green tamale was good and as was taquitos. Didn't care for the beef tamale.  Sat inside, along the pond, nice setting.
2	Came in for Father's Day lunch. Being the second time here it gets worse with each visit. I like a ambiance but the food can't improve the place. The bill for 3 came to $72.00 seems to me that they need to bring up the quality to match the price.
5	My husband and I love this place. This place has authentic Mexican food. The ceviche was awesome. It is hard to find good ceviche and this place had it. The service was great and everyone was very friendly. The atmosphere was very nice and clean. The manager even stopped by to chat with us. For me to visit Cave creek for the first time this place made my visit even better. Definitely going to come back. Our drive from gilbert was so worth it..
5	Been coming here for 10 years. Best food??  Absolutely not, but top 5 in Phoenix. Best ambience?  Absolutely.  Best service??  Absolutely.  The combo= can't be beat in the phoenix area!!
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in Arizona.  Love the machomos with quest guillermo and the frozen margarita. Normally I'm a rocks girl, but the frozen stays cool on a hot summer day and doesn't get watered down. A must try.
5	This is our favorite date night spot. Love the atmosphere and the service is normally wonderful. We prefer to sit outside, but the inside is just as great. I always get the fajitas abd they are definitely big enough to split if you order extra tortillas. Love this place so much! Is a little pricey if you are wanting just a easy night out, but overall one of our favorite places to go in Cave Creek.
3	the atmosphere was pretty cool and there's an artificial pond in the middle of the outdoor area  which is good for photos and for the kids. The salsa and chips were great and ate a lot of them since we were so hungry.  I ordered a Fajita Taco Salad. It was huge and looked so good. But, looks could be deceiving. The chicken didn't really have any favor and the salad just felt like I was eating lettuce. It was sort of a let down, as we were leaving my date (who grew up in the area) said she wasn't impressed either and she said it wasn't as good as she remembered.
4	I come here with the wife often and never leave disappointed.  I always seem to enjoy the fish tacos the best.  They are lighter and you don't leave stuffed because their portions are very big.  One word to the wise is not to order the margarita by the pitcher.  My wife and I did and it doesn't taste better as the drink goes on.  Too watered down and not a good taste.  We also sat inside for the first time and enjoyed it a lot.  Great Mexican place north of the 101!!
5	Great margaritas and authentic Mexican Food. Not sure if he is there all the time but they have a guitarists playing Mexican favorites. Pretty sure he's tired of playing 'La Bamba' FYI.
5	This is our go to spot for Mexican food, it's very very good and extremely consistent serving excellent food! We typically sit in the bar area where they've got a great bartender named Monica.
2	My boyfriend and I found ourselves at this restaurant by chance. The atmosphere was lively and a very good guitarist played among the tables. The building is older, but interesting. I liked the layout, with the pond in middle and kids feeding the ducks. Service was friendly and average.Based on recommendations found here, I ordered the pollo fundido and was not disappointed. It was very good.After all of this, are you wondering why the two-star review? It comes down to one thing. SALSA. It's not hard to make a simple, pleasant salsa. One can be a self-declared talent-less cook and still manage to produce a palatable salsa. With my salsa-addicted boyfriend and our history of always polishing off the salsa and chips provided with the meal, we left our table with three salsas remaining.One was a tomatillo salsa.  It was probably the best of the three,...after adding a substantial amount of salt to it. (We were told the secret ingredient of this was iceberg lettuce.)The second salsa had a weird underlying flavor to it, almost like paprika. It was just funky. (The secret ingredient of this concoction was dried pepper, which probably explains the smokey flavor it had.)The third salsa was more like a mushy tomato sauce. It would be best paired with mozzarella sticks.  (This salsa, the house salsa, was made with canned tomatoes and garlic. That's it. Seriously?) For a Mexican restaurant that puts out good food, salsa of this poor quality is inexcusable and a little shocking.
4	I ordered the chile verde and it was fantastic.  The outdoor pond is home to ducks, Turtles and fish. I will be back.
5	Best Mexican food & pitcher of Margaritas is a must here!!! Best margarita you will ever have.. Promise!!!
5	Jaime totally rocks!!! She knew what had onions in it and how. Never had someone as knowledgable about the intricacies of the menu. We were impressed with her ability to remember all of our altered orders. Also, I'm so boring, I get the same thing at every Mexican restaurant, Chimichanga with Carne Asada. I have been to hundreds of places and this, by far, has the best Carne Asada ever!!! It's tender and smoky. Gracias!!!
5	My friend and I just had frozen margaritas and a chicken quesadilla.  Fabulous drink as usual.  This is my fave place to bring out of town guests or anyone.  Food always delicious.  Wishing I could drink one more margarita. ...Oh and the ambience with ducks turtles and geese in the lake.  Well who could ask for more? Don't miss this place.  Truly everyone we bring here loves El Encanto!
5	This place gets a 5 star rating for the atmosphere. The food is also good, but the atmosphere is phenominal and what really makes this restaurant stand out in my opinion. This retaurant is a bit of a drive for me, but it is one of my go-to retaurants I bring guests from out of town to so that they can get a taste of the Southwest.
4	We love El Encanto, its one of our go-to's, and for good reasons. The food is great, and our favorites are their Camarones con Salsa de Autentica, and Tacos de Pescado Asado. Their menu is very authentic, with more of a spanish flair vs. most of the a-typical greasy spoon mexican food we've had in Arizona). Great for kids as well, with their duck pond in the middle 'atrium' of the entire restaurant. Kids (and Adults) can buy food to feed the animals at the front desk for 50 cents, and theres a lot of animals to feed with ducks, fish, turtles , geese and more. They're also great for larger parties, we've had upwards of 14 without an issue. Highly recommended for some of the best mexican food in the Phoenix area!
5	Been here several times and love it every single time! Food and service has always been good. Love the outdoor seating area and just the atmosphere feels authentic.
1	Came here for lunch because the kiddos wanted to hang out and feed the ducks. My husband and approaches the hostess stand and was rudely told by Robin that they were not seating any one outside. We talked it over for a bit and the kids really wanted to stay. I re-approached the hostess and she asked if we wanted to sit by the window. I said yes and she reiterated that no one could sit outside. I laughed it off and made a comment about the kids wanting to be outside to play. She said (very curtly), "Well, this IS a restaurant and kids can't just run around." I laughed and told her that we would be dining elsewhere. My kids had been standing there quietly the entire time - no running, no yelling and no fits. I guess she had to assert herself and put us in our place. I'm not sure why they have the ducks and allow kids to feed them if they don't want kids playing outside. My husband then asked her for her name and her supervisors contact information. She told us she was in charge - we asked her if she was the owner of the restaurant (to which she answered "no"). We then requested this individuals contact information. She reluctantly have us an email address. She then told my husband "well, what should I have said to your wife?"  At this point we disengaged with her and left. We headed down the road to the Buffalo Chip Saloon and had excellent service. This was the straw that broke the camels back - the food was mediocre and this type of service is abhorrent. If my children are misbehaving then feel free to tell me something but don't provide me with preemptive and unsolicited parenting advice. This place is definitely off of our list of places to eat. We will use our hard earned money to patronize establishments with staff that knows how to treat its customers.
5	AWESOME food, great service, atmosphere was amazing as well ! I would go here on a date night or take family.. All around, it's a pleasant atmosphere... Loved it !
3	Even though true Mexican dishes are terrific, sadly so many Mexican restaurants serve gloppy, over-sauced dishes that this style has been termed "typical Mexican".Well this restaurant would fit the "typical" bill. The fish tacos were fair at best, with none of that really fresh fish taste you get at some places, and the "Camarones Autnentico" were small to medium shrimp swimming in a not so flavorful sauce. Other dishes were all Mexican mediocre chain quality.The Sopapillas for dessert were neither fluffy nor tender.Service was very good, atmosphere nice with a small pond in the middle, and their salsa and chips excellent. It may be a good stop for a few beers and chips, but other than that not worth a visit.
1	I was excited to get Mexican food while visiting Arizona and this restaurant is so cute it looked great. We were happy with the seating and it was packed. But the food did not live up to our expectations. The dishes ranged from mediocre (the meat dishes) to horrible. The vegetarian dish was the worst. Multiple dishes marked vegetarian (with their symbol system on the menu) actually weren't when I inquired about the sauce. I ordered a vegetarian burrito and ended up with a plate of rice and beans. Literally. Half the plate was refried beans and rice. The other half was an uncooked flour tortilla with the exact same rice and beans and a tiny bit of melted cheese. I asked for more salsa and some guacamole for some flavor but even the guacamole was rather tasteless. I literally could have made this dish with a tortilla and some refried beans from a can. So disappointed with this.
4	We have been to Cave Creek several times and we always drive by and think we should stop in there sometime. Today was the day. We had friends visiting from out of town and wanted to take a bike ride so we headed out to Cave Creek and stopped in for lunch. It was pretty busy and we did have a bit of a wait but we just hung out at the bar while we waited for a table. If there hadn't been such a large group of us I would have just stayed in the bar area. We ended up on the patio which was nice. My hubby and I shared the appetizer sampler platter which was plenty of food for us. I really liked the tamale verde and I think I would order that the next time we go. Everyone in our group liked their food. I would have given 5 stars but the service was super slow!!
5	Went with our motorcycle group today.  Was very busy, being Biketoberfest Sunday and all, but our 20 minute wait went by quickly watching the ducks and turtles in the indoor pond.  The service from Jessica was wonderful and the food was So Delicious.  The husband and I split two meals, we shared the Carne Asada Tacos and the Red & Green Tamales.  They were so wonderful.  Everyone at our table loved everything they ordered, I don't think there was a thing left on our plates.  This was my first visit, but it will not be our last!
4	There's so much to love about this rustic place. The outdoor patio is so relaxing & it's nice to just watch the swans & ducks in the small pond. The black birds are having a good time too watching the customers below them, just waiting for us to get up so they could swoop down to snatch a chip. Speaking of chips, they are nice & thin but this time they weren't warm, even when we asked for fresh ones, a pity. The 3 salsa's they put on the tables are all delicious, my favorite is the avocado green chili. We always order the Carne Asada Chimi, the steak is perfectly marinated & tender, it's diced with peppers & onions & there is a lot of it in the chimichanga. We get it topped with their excellent fundido sauce & I'm happy to write that they put a lot of sauce. The refried beans are better than most places in Phoenix & the rice IS better than anywhere else. This place is definitely worth the drive. The only bad thing for me is that they have Coke products & we are Pepsi people. Sometimes you can get a good Coke mix on tap & that was true with the regular Coke but that was not so with the diet Coke, it was a little flat. The fried ice cream was an ample portion & made with cinnamon ice cream & had strawberries on top but the shell was too chewy & tough for me, I would like to see Cinnamon Toast Crunch used as the shell instead of Corn Flakes because it's crunchier & tastier too.
2	If you've ever had good Mexican food then you DO NOT want to eat here. The food was mediocre at best. The only reason for the 2 stars is the service. The host and wait staff were very pleasant, but other than that the food was terrible. You are better off crossing the street to Smokehouse. We had dinner there the next day and it was fantastic. Skip this place and cross the street.
4	One of the most unique places I've been! Very interesting setup, lots of outdoor seating wrapping around a pond. Food was great, I got the pollo fundido and my father ordered the chicken fajitas. Both were great and good portions. Our server was definitely less than impressive but that didn't ruin our experience. I'd definitely come back!!
1	Had a pretty bad experience, and we didn't even get to eat there! We checked in: two adults and a not-yet-walking toddler. I specifically said 2 and a high chair. I saw the hostess write "3" in her sheet. We chose first available seating. We were told the wait is 25 minutes. A few minutes later, our pager started buzzing, and I hope it's a fair assumption that we were next to be seated. So we made our way to the host's desk and we were told we'll be in a booth with no high chair. We said we need a high chair, so the hostesses put us back on the list. We waited I think at least 20 more minutes, baby started fussing and we're very hungry at this point. When I asked how much longer it would take for us to be seated, I was told there were 6 other parties in front of us! But wait I thought when our pager buzzed the first time that we were next at that point, and we were waiting for the next available table! I guess they can argue that all available tables at the time were booths, but I don't comprehend why we were told there were 6 parties ahead of us. Did they put us back at the end of the line? So we left, we are not putting up with this BS.
4	Love the atmosphere of this place. The kids love feeding the ducks. Food is always pretty good. Margaritas are great. Didn't give it 5 stars because the hostesses are usually less than friendly. One of them made a rude comment to my four year old about buying ANOTHER pack of duck food. ( I walked up with her to the hostess stand to buy a second cone full) Ummmm, you sell it for the kids to feed the ducks. If you don't want them feeding the ducks or are limiting their food, don't sell it!! That's the reason my kids beg me to come here!
3	This is an interesting place to grab a meal. It is clearly designed as a tourist destination. The decor is over the top. There is a lot of outdoor seating, which is great. The place is deceptively large and quite busy.We got a good seat right next to the pond outside. Our server was friendly and fairly attentive. We started with a pitcher of margaritas on the rocks. The margaritas had very good flavor.The chips and salsa they bring out are good. The standard salsa had good flavor as did the spicy salsa. I would have liked more heat from the spicy, but it was good. I did not enjoy the green salsa at all. The chips were sturdy and crisp. We also ordered the Queso Guillermo for a starter. It had great flavor, but was saturated in butter. You will enjoy the flavor but will make you wonder about how much you are shortening your life.For my meal I ordered the Plato de Mexicano. It consists of a cheese enchilada, beef taco and a red chile tamale. The taco was ok. It is good sized with ok flavor. The enchilada was ok. I would have liked a little more flavor though. The tamale was the best of the three. It was a good sized tamale and was quite tasty. The rice that comes with the meals is ok.This is a cool place to bring people. That being said, it would not be my first choice for food if I was not entertaining people.
4	Food is more 3 star, but the atmosphere and service knocks this baby up to a 4 star! El Encanto is a beautiful restaurant. Not only is it massive, but the outside patio is awesome. Just perfect for our Arizona winter nights. The man-made lake in the back is so pretty and adds a nice ambience to the meal. Supposedly there are ducks and/or swans in the lake, but I didn't see any. You definitely need to make reservations if it is the weekend, seemed like everyone in Cave Creek was out when I went! There is a huge parking lot in the back and it was filled to brim at 7PM on Friday. I had the Mexicano Combo (taco, enchilada, and tamale). The taco and enchilada were good, tamale was okay, I should have asked for green sauce! Their chips are quite tasty and the spicy and tomatillo salsa were my favorite. Margarita was solid, I felt it after 1.5 (might be a little sweet for some of you though). The boy had a scotch and it was quite a heavy pour indeed. Service was all around A+. Our waiter was super attentive and friendly, as was the food runner, and hostesses. Overall, not a bad joint. I will gladly take the ride out there when the boy's family wants to go!
5	One of the best carne asada burros I've had in a while. The staff was awesome & service was quick! Great bar with a wide variety. Sat outside which had a beautiful view! Loved it!
5	This restaurant is unique! Pretty pond with ducks and turtles. The salsa is the best I have ever had. A trio of 3 unique homemade kinds; mild, hot and tomitilo. The chips are thin and crispy. We got the sampler plate for 17 and was enough for 3. The kids meals are $5 including a drink.
1	So totally average at best.  Service was really bad and have had better Mexican food at taco bell
1	Eating pollo fundido  and a chicken bone jabbed me in the mouth. They say they cook the whole chicken and sometimes bones are missed. BEWAREThe manager would only offer a free dessert. Then they just took it off.Chicken very dry and over cooked.Will not be back.
