1	As Lindsay's best friend and maid of honor, I went with her to Jim Ludwig's a few weeks before her wedding to go over the final order for the flowers.  We sat down and Jim pulled out a list of what they had discussed.  I very clearly remember her confirming dahlias and peonies for the centerpieces.  Not only do I know that she wanted these flowers from the moment of her engagement, but I was also at the consultation to witness the discussion.  The centerpieces were definitely not what she had requested - no peonies OR dahilias and they looked like flowers picked from the side of the road on the way to the wedding.  In no way did the flowers manage to ruin her beautiful day, but they were absolutely not what she requested or confirmed.  I don't understand how there was a "miscommunication" as I saw the paperwork.  I just know that I won't be using Jim Ludwig's for any of my own special occassions.
4	I've only used Blumengarten once, and that was via their website.I chose a standard package- a bunch of beautiful flowers in a willow basket. My grandmother received it the next day, and was so delighted with the amazing flowers that she has been talking about it for a week now.Service was prompt, the flowers were pretty, and by my lights a fair price. I would use Blumengarten again.
5	To say that these guys go above and beyond is an understatement.  My daughter was recently hospitalized and her boyfriend sent flowers.  Unfortunately they were delivered to the hospital the day my daughter was discharged (a good thing that she go out early!!).  Jim from Blumengarten called me from the hospital - which was a good 25 minutes away and offered to meet me halfway to ensure the flowers were delivered.  He told me he would meet me in about 30 minutes.  We both pulled into the parking lot at the exact same time and my daughter received her flowers.  I know who I am ordering flowers from next time I need them!!  Thanks again!!
5	I chose them because they answered the phone after 5. I was originally going to use a nearer florist. The worker I dealt with was incredibly helpful. As I did not have an exact address to give him, only the name of my girlfriends employer. He said he would look up the address and number, then call them for exact directions. The flowers were delivered within 24 hours and were the best I have ever purchased! I wish I could give them more than five stars!
5	We live in Virginia and my wife's 72 year old mother lives in Pittsburgh. We typically send her flowers for her birthday, but we've had some issues with the well-known national flower delivery businesses, so I thought I'd see how things went if I cut out the middleman and dealt directly with a local florist. It was a good move. The flowers arrived on time and according to my mother-in-law the arrangement was spectacular and the flowers were so fresh that she was sure they'd keep for a good while. I also was happy that Ludwig's didn't gouge me on all of those extra fees that usually get tacked on at check-out by the big companies. My advice from now on is to go local whenever you can. With the internet that's no longer a problem.
5	I live in Boston, Ma,but my boyfriend lives in Pittsburgh and I was in need of flowers for a funeral service.  Considering I know nothing about what is top rated in Pitt, I looked to the web to try and find a good florist.  I saw Blumengarten and glad I decided to use their services!  The gentleman on the phone was so wonderful.  I explained that I needed flowers delivered to the funeral home in a few days.. I told him the two flowers that were her favorite and said that they needed to be used, but to do what ever else he thought would make the flowers beautiful.  I gave him the amount I wanted to spend and left it all up to him.  Absolutely wonderful customer service!   The day of the service I got a text from my boyfriend saying my flowers were stunning and and the most beautiful ones there!  Was so happy I chose Jim Ludwig's Blumengarten Florist and will continue to use them!!!  On a separate occasion, I also ordered some flowers online and had them sent to my boyfriends work as a surprise.  Again, absolutely beautiful, cheery flowers!!!!  I got a picture of them sent to me and couldn't have been more happy with what was delivered.
5	I can't say enough good things about Jim Ludwig's Blumengarten.  We hired them to do the flowers for our wedding in April, 2012 and the flowers were gorgeous!  My bridal bouquet was so beautiful and fragrant that it made me cry!  What I especially loved was that Jim and Linda Ludwig personally delivered the flowers to the venue.  Jim pinned the boutonniere on my husband and personally handed me my bouquet.  Such excellent customer service is rare these days and I highly recommend this business.
5	I'm a foreigner and wanted to send flowers to my girlfriend living in a suburb of Pittsburgh. I contacted Jim Ludwig's Blumengartens florist after finding them here. Unfortunately they didn't deliver to the city I wanted my flowers to be sent to, but the Ludwigs have been very helpful and transferred my order to another florist that covered that area. The contact has been fast and very friendly. I'll recommend and would consider them again.
5	Bob Ludwig at Blumengarten is the best! I had a last minute event for which I needed very specific flowers. I called in to make sure they had orchids, which they got just for me in less than a day. I wanted to pick the rest on site, but got there with a few minutes left until closing time and in a rush to deliver them myself. Bob made me a beautiful arrangement at a reasonable price very quickly. I am going to go here for all my future flower needs!
5	We worked with Sherry at Jim Ludwig's for our wedding flowers in June 2013. They did a truly wonderful job. The flowers were stunning. Sherry was great to work with, and they were very respectful of what our budget was. Many other places I went to advised me they could not remain within our budget, and therefore they lost our business (and our budget was very reasonable) so I appreciated how much they worked with us. Definitely recommend them!
5	I just utilized this florist today for the first time. My mum's bday is today and I decided last minute that I wanted to send her a bouquet of flowers for a reasonable price and same day delivery. While looking thru some florists in the Pittsburgh area, I saw a yelp review that this florist delivers on same day service. I visited the website and saw so many bouquets of beautiful flowers at reasonable prices. I contacted them via phone- placed a same day delivery, and overall was very pleased w/ the customer service. My final review of Blumengarten's comes down to the approvement & excitement of my mum- who was very pleased w/ the flowers.Kudos to Blumengarten, you've gained a new a customer.
5	Have ordered from Jim about 5 or 6 times and each order was flawless. They do everything right - efficient in taking an order, putting together a beautiful arrangement, and getting it delivered when it is needed. Our most recent order was a few days ago for a funeral viewing and it was very nice as always.  Great people, quality work, and you don't need to wonder if they are going to get it right. They are our go-to florist.
5	This is the second time I have used Jim Ludwig's and the service was just as great as the last time! My flowers were ready on time, reasonably priced, and when one of the employees (I believe Tim?) found out I had taken the bus and walked a distance to get the flowers and that he was about to go to a meeting near where I lived, he offered me a ride! Granted, this is probably an exception as they can't do this for all of their customers, but it speaks to the level of care and service exhibited by the employees.
5	Jim Ludwig's did the flowers for my wedding, and we were extremely pleased with the whole process. The initial consultation was thorough, we received the proposal promptly afterward, it was easy to make revisions, and they were very responsive throughout. They delivered to three different locations for us on the morning of the wedding, and Jim personally pinned the boutonnieres on the groomsmen and handed the bouquets to the bridesmaids, and gave us buckets of water to refresh them with during the photos and had Tim meet us at the ceremony to trim the stems right before we walked down the aisle so the flowers would look their best. The centerpieces at the reception were gorgeous.We've also used them for several bouquets on other special occasions, and they always do a great job - we can just tell them what we'd like to spend and they make suggestions and deliver the flowers promptly and looking great.
4	It's hard to order flowers online for someone who lives across the country because you never know if the recipient gets what you pay for.I ordered a deluxe bouquet but the initial arrangement was lackluster and not at all what I thought a deluxe flower arrangement should be (my aunt sent a pic).  I immediately sent an email requesting they send a different arrangement. Jim who, I believe, is the owner  responded quickly and went out of his way to accommodate my request. He sent over another bouquet - which was beautiful - my aunt was pleased. The four stars are for the outstanding customer service!!
5	After coming highly recommended, Blumengarten did the flowers for my wedding. From the start, the whole team was professional yet warm, reasonable about ideas and pricing, and true to their word. They not only made glorious fall arrangements and bouquets, they delivered and made sure to stay until everything was right. The flowers lasted a long time and were just what we wanted. And- they were quite reasonable! Just perfect!!
