4	Small, relatively new practice run by three women owners who are the massage therapists. Great location on the second floor of the house next to Selwyn pub with plenty of parking. At this time there is only one room within the practice, so if you have a particular date in mind, be sure to call early for an appointment. Inside was very clean and quiet for a Saturday afternoon session. They have aromatherapy, candles, soap, and lotion items for sale in front area of the practice. You will be charged by the amount of time you are on the table, which allows them to use multiple types of massage depending on your need (Swedish, Deep Tissue, Hot Stone, Thai, etc). They even do the type where they walk on your back if you need a seriously deep massage (which brought visions of the Charlie's Angels movie to mind). I have had a massage by two of the owners and both were very good. Felt quite relaxed and comfortable talking with them about pressure needed, sore spots, etc. Massage lasted the full hour, which is different from most places who say it's an hour but then only actually have you on the table for 50 minutes. I highly recommend this practice and would love to see them expand to a larger space as they are currently exploring.
5	LivingSocials deal introduced me to the Art of Massage. The place is very nice and relaxing. It was the best massage I ever had. The massage therpist really work on your problem areas. I have neck and middle back pains and after my massage, my pain is gone. I would strongly recommend this to anyone who needs a great massage. The place is located inside the house on the second level next to the pub.
5	I've been a client of Erin's for a few years now. I love the way that she can release all the tension in my body just by using her feet. (Ashiatsu) There are a lot of good masseuses out there but very few of them are consistently great. Fortunately for Charlotte AoM is blessed with three of the great ones.AoM has moved to a larger space in the same building I'm looking forward to having my next massage in it & seeing what new & interesting artwork adorns the walls. Parking is available in a small lot in front of the building but there is an underground garage just across the street (free) that has a lot more spaces to park.
4	Trisha put her magical hands on me and I just melted into the table.    She quickly found and worked on my "knots".  Very calming and soothing.  Would definitely go back!
5	I had a chance to go & see Erin again this afternoon in the Art of Massage's new location within the same building, at the same address. For those of you that remember their former set of rooms the new set of rooms is spacious! They have a waiting area in the hallway with two leather armchairs & a third chair and a sort of coffee table with magazines on it. All of this faces a multi-windowed set of doors that lead to their office area. There is a small couch a couple stands with homemade products for sale & two doors. The doors lead to two separate massage rooms. The door closest to the waiting area is a large room with two massage tables one of which has Erin's Ashiatsu bars above it. The other door leads to a smaller room containing a single bed.The new AoM is very simply decorated. There isn't currently any art on the walls but that is supposed to be changing sometime soon. AoM always had some very eclectic works by local artists available for sale on its walls.My massage... was wonderful! I can always count on Erin to find even the deepest of knots & work them to the surface to be kneaded away. I had booked a two hour session. I find that any session less than two hours feels rushed & the longer session gives Erin plenty of time to concentrate on problem areas or to massage my scalp. I must've been a cat in a past life. I love having my scalp & face massaged. Monday seems to be a good day to book a massage. The parking lot was nearly empty & there was very little activity in the rest of the building. I already have my next appointment booked & I'm looking forward to it already.
5	I saw Erin a couple days ago. As usual she quickly dispatched the knots that were trying to overtake my back & shoulders. She then worked her magic on my head concentrating on opening my sinuses. I was so relaxed that all I could do afterwards was grin stupidly. In fact I was so relaxed that I forgot to pay her! I did take care of that faux pas the next day. Erin & AoM are essential to my ability to deal with stress & to making me feel relaxed and alive.
5	If you want a great massage that doesn't just relax you but works out the kinks, then this is the place. I like a massage that has really good pressure for my tired back and neck - I tried Ashiatsu for the first time the other day and it was wonderful. The Swedish and Hot Stone techniques are just as wonderful and so are the massage therapists!
5	I got a 90 minute fusion massage for my significant other for a birthday gift. I researched massage places in my area, and based on the other Yelp reviews and locale to my house, I chose the Art of Massage. I'm so glad I did. First of all, you can schedule your massage online (you don't pay for it online though. I actually called in the next day to request a pre-pay because it was a gift). My SO said it was one of the best massages he has ever had. Christine B. really worked on alot of the knots and pointed out areas that were problematic. Definitely will recommend this place to others.
5	I saw Trisha for a full body, 60 minute massage, and it was excellent! The small, quaint setting of the massage room is perfect. I have already booked my next appointment for a deep tissue massage with Trisha in July. I am thrilled to have found such a wonderful place to get great massages in Charlotte!
5	I've been to Eden, La Vida, and Carmen,Carmen - Art of Massage is hands down the best even though the place itself is not as upscale. Christine is fabulous and knows how to give the best deep tissue massages. Highly recommended!
5	I saw Erin again on Thursday 6/29/12. Apparently business is booming at AoM and they've brought another therapist on board, Alisha. I think that's how to spell her name. Alisha used to work at Urbana but has decided to work for a great studio instead of one that seems to be more interested in selling tea.AoM II in Mount Pilot is gaining a following and Erin is restricting her time in Charlotte to one day a week. :( She is almost fully booked up to December so give her a call now if you want to see her. Christine & Trisha will be doing Ashiatsu! My massage was excellent as always. Erin knows exactly where to best concentrate on so I can leave feeling refreshed & relaxed.
5	I just got down with my first massage with Trisha at The Art of Massage in Myer's Park. What a great experience! I've never had such a thorough massage where the therapist takes extra time to work on the areas that need special attention. Also, she was able to give me some great tips for working on specific muscle groups in between massages. I highly recommend this place to others.
5	Another excellent massage from Erin. I really wasn't feeling good when I got there.  Too much built up stress. Erin erased it. I love AoM. They recently had another Groupon hit and as a result they are slammed with work. Erin is trying to work both here in Charlotte and also in Pilot Mountain at AoM II. Trisha is now providing Ashiatsu & Christine is learning it as well. It will be interesting to see if they have cold feet too.
5	I had a nice 2 hour session of Ashiatsu with Erin this afternoon. I hurt in a lot of different places & I really appreciate how good Erin makes me feel. It saddens me that she's only in Charlotte on Fridays & that she's booked into November. I think I may let Trisha have a chance to use her feet on me next month.
5	I really, really need a massage. The entire left side of my body is out of whack. Why do I put off getting one when there are so many to choose from? Well AoM is my preferred provider and Erin is my preferred therapist. Her having an opening today was akin to winning the lottery. I hadn't been able to see her since August before I had started a new job that is slowly kicking my butt. Since August the left side of my body has felt seriously out of whack compared to the right side of my body but not anymore.Erin gave me 90 minutes of Ashiatsu & I feel a thousand times better. I just wish that she was in Charlotte more. I guess I'm going to have to find a way to get up to Mt. Pilot when she has openings or hope that I can see Trisha.
4	I'm looking forward to trying this place again. I have to admit, my mind was preoccupied during my initial visit because only moments before I entered, I was offered a new job. Talk about difficult to relax.I dizzily walked up the stairs, waited in cushy chairs (I think was in a hallway), then transferred to a cozy, dimly lit room. This space is in a shared building, which made it feel a bit cramped. However, once you're getting the massage, it's no different if you're in a large spa.The things I liked about this place was as follows: no membership and can book online. The fee for service is $75 for any massage. While there are other places with a lower fee for Swedish, they're on par for their deep tissue.
5	I found Art of Massage through a Groupon deal last year and have been coming back regularly since then.   I always leave there feeling like a new person.  Trisha is my girl and she rocks!!
5	I discovered Art of Massage by using a discount voucher. Was that the best deal of my life? That would be a "yes".  I go to Trisha, who is a neuromuscular therapist, targeting areas that may be causing problems, while at the same time, giving me a spa experience. Serene environment in a beautiful old colonial house. It's warm and cozy with plenty of free parking.  She uses a water-dispersable organic oil that is not greasy. I leave it on so my skin can absorb it without any messy feeling of oil. Wonderful touches like warm towels to wipe the oil off your back, warm cushions under your neck to loosen up the muscles before she works on them, soothing music, even a bottle of water as you leave.  You can book online or call for an appointment. Trisha is very responsive to my needs, remembers I am cold-natured, so my table is always toasty warm when I get on it. I recently had some back problems and normally, I would've ended up seeing a chiropractor for a couple of months, but after one visit with Trisha, I felt so good, only a little soreness. I went back today and she took care of that. Honestly, the best massages I've ever gotten.
2	Okay, I gotta admit, I hate giving this place a 3 star rating because the massage itself was AWESOME. But here's the problem, the massage therapist talked the ENTIRE time.  No joke.  It wasn't relaxing.  When I pay $75 for an hour massage, I want to leave feeling relaxed, renewed and free of worry. Instead, I left with information about her boyfriend, her life, her mom, etc.  The other issue-- she wanted me to talk back! I would have to answer the 'you know?' question and say a 'yeah' and an 'mmhm' While I thought the massage techniques felt great, it was ruined by the non-stop chatter.  Sadly, I have not and will not return.  It just not worth $75.
5	Erin was in Charlotte today! (3/29/13) I was very lucky to be able to have a great 2 hour massage with her. Its never a good idea to go without a massage for as many months as I did but Erin is in great demand these days and with my wonky schedule getting together is nearly impossible. But yesterday the stars aligned and she was able to make some progress on my knot filled back. We did 2 hours of ashiatsu. It was painful but it was bliss. Art of Massage has been doing some redecorating. I'm not quite sure what it is that they're trying to say with the new look of their ashiatsu room. When I entered it my immediate thought was how dark it was. It had an abstract piece of art on the wall and another of  someone turned away from the viewer. Both pieces radiated darkness and coldness. There were heavy dark drapes that blocked out all of the light. Welcoming elements such as the salt lamp were gone and thet were replaced by a dark colored dresser with light blue handles.  The handles looked luminescent in the low light. There is only a single table in the room. The room reminds me of one of those Internet puzzles where you try to escape the room by clicking on various elements.  A new addition was an iPad on the top of the dresser.  Clients check out via the iPad with their therapist in the rooms rather than out in the lobby. The waiting area outside AoM hasn't been updated yet.
3	This was a very good massage, but the experience did not provide much more than that.  Trisha was very good and did not try to talk through my massage, other than to ask me if the pressure was ok.  This I very much appreciated.  Where I had trouble was the actual place of business.  The ambiance is really lacking here.  The waiting room is in a hallway and there is no relaxation room for after you finish your massage.  The cover on my face pillow reeked of mildew.  Trisha removed it for me, but it was just not the way I wanted to start off my morning.  Lastly, the phone was ringing off the hook during my service.  If you don't have someone to answer the phones, perhaps turn the ringer down.It appears that the operation is run on a shoestring budget, which is fine, but you should know that coming in.  If you are expecting a swanky spa, look elsewhere.  If you are looking for an honest to goodness great massage and a good price and don't care about anything else, this could very well be your spot!
2	I have to agree with some of the other reviewers here. The massage was good, but the ambiance is lacking.Part of the problem is that the business shares a building with several other businesses. I found the building a little hard to find, since there is no sign out front. Also, once upstairs and in the room, I was surprised at how small it was. There is a distinct smell of mildew, as another reviewer mentioned.I know that for individual massage therapists with a small business, there aren't many options. So I sympathize with the need to rent space in a shared building. I would highly recommend however that the owner look for a more accommodating space.The website is very professional and contrasts highly with the lack of a professional workspace.
5	Kaleigh provided a perfect blend of relaxation and pain relief for me.  She was both thoroughly professional and highly skilled in her massage techniques.  Bear in mind, this is a small massage center...not a large luxury spa, but the massage I received was top notch.  I went in primarily for back/neck pain relief, but Kaleigh efficiently got to my arms, legs, feet and scalp as well without rushing me in or out.  Very Nice.  Thanks!
5	This massage changed my life! I felt so relaxed and rejuvenated when I left! I was having pain in my legs and back and since the massage haven't experienced any pain what so ever. I couldn't believe how quickly the pain went away. Trisha was so sweet and made me feel so comfortable. The location is great and easy to get to! I can't wait to go again! I would recommend The Art of Massage to everyone!
