4	As you can see from the photo, super cute little tiny sliders.  They stayed perfectly formed, even going down the street, back to my car, back to the parking garage, two blocks back to my building, up the elevator... you get the picture.  The Perfect Slider (left) is very, very good and consistent with the Perfect Burger served at the LBS restaurant.  The California Slider (middle) was ok.  I was really excited about the avocado on this one but the turkey patty is just too blah to make it work.  The Ahi Slider (right) is to die for!  Perfectly done.  It's a little scary getting raw fish from a food truck, but it tasted very, very fresh and at the right temperature (a little cool on the inside even after its travels with two burgers in the same container).  One Perfect Slider and two Ahi Sliders and I would have been perfectly happy.The fries are also very good and consistent with LBS restaurant.  Make sure to ask for the fry sauce!  But they give you a ton of fries, which is a good thing except when you are a french fry addict like me.They have a good variety of sodas and other drinks, including caffeine-free and sugar-free options.  They had a special for kalbi tacos with kimchee.  I'll try that next time if they have it.  Maybe.  The Ahi Slider is just too good. In my limited Las Vegas food truck experience, these food trucks park in the strangest, most ghetto-ass places.  Maybe that has something to do with city regulations.  I could have walked from work, but I drove for fear of getting mugged.  Plus, if they didn't serve the food to go (thankfully they did), where would I eat it?  Sit on the curb outside of Western Cab?  I don't think so.I haven't tried Slidin Thru yet (or even Fukuburger) because I really don't have the time to chase food trucks or stand in line.  But the opportunity ever presents itself, I'd be happy to compare.
4	Why am I the only one reviewing this?  I know others have tried it.  Fess up!LBS Patty Wagon was back downtown the other day at the Western Cab location and I swung by to get some burgers.  Either they are afraid of the wind or the people down there, because the order window was boarded up when I got there.  But they removed the board and took my order. This time I tried the urth slider which I would not recommend.  Dry and with a weird pea flavor.  Even if you are vegetarian and have no other choice, don't do it!  Run away!  Just get the fries.  And the fries are spectacular.  Huge chunks of sea salt and they give you lots of fries.  Make sure to get the fry sauce.  It's not particularly healthy but it is oh so good.The perfect slider was perfect as always and the classic slider was great as well.  You can get three sliders, fries, and drink for $9.  And they have diet Snapple!
4	Tried the Californian and the Perfect yesterday and I was pleasantly impressed! The burgers were mini, but packed full of flavor. I definitely want to try the Ahi and the Shoestring fries next time.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is curious. The only downside is the wait, but it is well worth it. I hear they have a restaurant too! Hope I will be able to hit that up sometime in the near future. The price is not too bad either!
2	Finally had the chance to try them at the Throwdown with Fuku and Slidin Thru.I ordered the Perfect burger, which I thought was pretty good. I would give it 3 stars, but the bun was a weird texture. I was expecting the texture to be soft and spongy, but it was so weird I can't even explain it. To top if off the prices are pretty pricey, which was $7 just for a burger. Sorry, but you deserve the 2 star rating.
2	Maybe my expectations were higher than normal for the LBS Patty Wagon, being a mobile kitchen extension of the sit down restaurant inside Red Rock Casino.  But after trying the "Perfect Burger", I thought it was just an okay burger, composed from more gourmet ingredients (i.e., frissee, gruyere cheese, herb mayo) compared to the other food truck burgers/sliders offerings.  At $7 it was a fair value, as you can obviously get less for your money trying other food choices from other food trucks.The taste of the burger was somewhat disappointing for me.  Maybe that has a lot to do with the all-beef patty being cooked well-done, which is a major turnoff for me right there.  But the combination of the beef with melting Gruyere Cheese, Herb mayo, Smoked Bacon, LBS Burger Sauce, Frissee, Oven Roasted Tomatoes, and Red Onion Marmalade, which looks really good on paper, ended not doing anything for me.  Hell, even Carl's Jr's Original Six Dollar Burger was a better tasting and more "perfect" burger in my opinion.I probably will not seek out the LBS Patty wagon in the future. However, for those that are into the budding food truck culture of Las Vegas, I say give it a try and decide for yourself.  For all I know the dry patty was a fluke, and their burgers are supposed to be more juicy.The best part of the LBS Patty Wagon experience are the sample nitrogen chilled treats.  It is definitely worth trying, especially since it is free.  Their Dessert Slider made with macaroons is a concept that I think needs refining, along with the flavor profile.2 Stars.
3	So I FINALLY tracked down this truck. It seems like its always in Henderson!? Anyways, there were 4 trucks hanging out together this afternoon: slidin thru, sno-cone, foodslingers and lbs. I bee lined for lbs cuz I was starving! And I ordered the perfect burger. Oddly enough, NO WAIT! but all the other trucks did have a wait, which made me a bit wary of lbs. Sno-cones I understand, it was hot today. But slindin thru and foodslingers were more busy, and I wondered a bit as to why lbs was so unloved. Even so, it was a yummy burger with bacon, gruyere, arugala, an interesting ketchup and (yuck!) sundried tomatoes. If you didn't already know, I like my tomatoes cold and fresh, any other way is disgusting. I'm looking at you places that serve steamed tomatoes for breakfast! Anyways, all in all a good decent burger, but nothing to innovative. I think I'd prefer fuku over lbs.
2	The LBS Patty Wagon "Perfect Burger" ($7): beef patty topped with gruyere cheese, bacon, oven roasted tomato, frisee, red onion marmalade, LBS sauce and herb mayo. Sounds good, doesn't it? I thought so. In reality, the patty was dry, devoid of any juiciness, thin, hard, and overcooked. It was like one of those nasty burgers from McDonald's (except twice as expensive). The bacon was fatty and undercooked, although I did enjoy the flavor from the red onion marmalade and sauce. With the proliferation of food trucks in the valley, I doubt I'll ever be back.
3	first time at their truck. I had the Ahi sliders and the were pretty good. I would go to 3.5 stars. I've had some better but i would eat these again. next time i would try a burger.
3	After seeing the truck driving around in town often and never going to the Red Rock restaurant I made a point in trying at the Costco Food truck event. I had the Texan burger for $7, It has a burger with Brisket, Slaw and BBQ sauce. For $7 it is fair or you can get with drink and fries for $9.The Burger itself was ok, too much dry bun, really thin patty, decent amount of brisket. Defiantly better than a fast food burger but lacked a lot of depth. I think if they had a thicker patty, and a better bun they would be in the 4 star maybe 5 star range.
3	I had the Ahi sliders, the buns sucked and barely any sauce. I was not impressed at all, I typically read reviews before I try a new place or food truck but this time didnt. Once I ate one of my sliders I had to read the reviews on Yelp which I completely agree with. I hate to say that I will try LBS at Red Rock now from the taste of my sliders. Also the girls from the office had the original and veggie patty, they all were not very impressed. Lets just say We will not be having this truck again. OH and its was expensive, $7 for 3 tiny Ahi sliders that were thrown together?  No thanks!
3	The owner of my company had the Patty Wagon roll up at our place for a couple of hours treating all the employees to lunch.  I am a BIG fan of the restaurant so I had high expectations.  It was a set menu of either a cheeseburger, urth (vegetarian) or a hot dog with a drink, choice of side (iceburg lettuce salad, mixed greens salad, chips or fries) and a chocolate chip cookie as well.  The cheeseburger was a no brainer.  I was hoping to get as close to a perfect burger as possible but the only ingredient I could get was gruyere cheese :(  Still a decent burger but it doesn't do the restaurant any justice.  It was a bit smaller than their home joint serves and try carrying the burger, salad, cookies and drink back to the desk.  Now you know why I don't do trucks.  Salad was fresh and the cookie was fine.    If I see the truck, I'll probably order but I won't seek it out when I can go to their Red Rock location for a much better experience that I can wash down with a beer or two.
