2	Ah... KFC/Taco Bell.... as many times I've had bad experiences here, I keep coming back for your chicken and chalupas.  Most of my experiences here have been through the drive-thru.  One night I remember not being addressed at all and driving away hungry :(It is your typical fast food place, so not really high on the expectations list, but basic service seems to suffer depending on who is working that night.  I do want to give them props for recently updating/renovating.
5	Wow... I must have gone in on a good day because the people working that shift were AMAZING!!! There was a line when we arrived on a Saturday afternoon and it moved right along. The girl at the register was fantastic and I'd give her props right here if I could remember her name. The manager on duty was on her game and the rest of the crew were moving along keeping everything smooth. I ordered the doublelicious sandwich, because let's face it... it's freakin amazing, and I know it's horrible for me, but in that moment I didn't care. YUM. Anywho, before I got my sandwich, she told us it'd be a bit of a wait. We were totally fine with that because she actually told us. When she did tell us, she gave us a free parfait because of the wait!! That was so nice! Plus it didn't take that long at all, I was thinking it'd be like 5-10 minutes or something since they gave me the parfait. It's really about the small things with me and customer service is a HUGE thing. What they did that day was just great to me, and if I didn't live so far away I'd try to get back there to enjoy the service again.
1	I was shocked to see this place had three and a half stars, but only two people have reviewed it, so that makes sense. They renovated a little inside, looks more modern, too bad it is filthy...everything is sticky from the counter to the filth that covers the drink machine, the floor, and tables and chairs. Finding this revolting,  I've tried the drive through...another bad idea..the employees are miserable and I've waited in the drive through line for an unreasonablely long time. I guess that is someone telling me "noooo fast food" but man I love some kfc mashed potatoes. Unfortunately for this place, I don't love them enough to ever come back here.
