4	Sausilido (a mix between Sausalito the place and Lido, the owners grandfather) is a new bistro in Bloomfield. They opened up in October of '08 and are already basically reservation only during peak weekend dinner times. The customer service is wonderful, as is the quality of food and the presentation. We had the smoked Gouda for an appetizer. I'm not the biggest fan of smoked Gouda, but it was good, and prepared well. But the app was served with a delicious, perfectly prepared sauteed spinach salad. Needless to say, Sausalido takes care of the details. And they offer fresh ground pepper for your salad, and fresh ground Parmesan for your pasta, which is something I've never encountered in Pgh, not even at Eleven. My friend got a special, it was steak with potatoes and vegetables (it was more fancy then that, of course). He was very pleased with his food. I had the bechamel lasagna and it was great, but REALLY rich.The place is BYOB with a small per person (not per bottle) cork fee. I think it's $2. It's by far one of the better dining experiences that I've had in Pittsburgh, and it's well above most of the other restaurants in Bloomfield.
4	Note: I've only been a patron for lunch; I'll update my review after I visit for dinner.We ended up heading over to Sausalido for lunch since it's always been on my list of restaurants to try and I was in the mood to enjoy a full meal instead of the quick drop-in for takeout or a sandwich.Upon arriving, we noticed we were the only patrons of the restaurant at the time (around 12:45 PM).  Yes it was a bit unexpected, but it meant we got the full attention of the waitress and we could be seated anywhere we liked.  While we looked over the menu, she brought out a bread plate with a white bean dip drizzled with olive oil, balsamic vinegar and topped with red peppers.  The dip was delicious and we had no problem finishing everything.  Later she brought out three freshly made bowls of seafood chowder, compliments of the chef.  She noted with a laugh, "one the perks of being the only customers right now."  The seafood chowder was chock-full of fish, scallops, mussels, and shrimp.  The base of the soup itself was flavorful and light, not like traditional chowders bogged down with heavy cream.  My two companions decided to start out with two more cups of the seafood chowder while I opted for their Capon and Ditalini soup, a chicken noodle soup offered every day.  My soup is freshly prepared with their house chicken stock with wilted spinach and topped with cheese.  I preferred the seafood chowder, but I have to note that the chicken stock had multiple layers and many subtle flavors.For our entrees I ordered their gnocci, and my companions ordered their crab cakes and their flank steak.  My gnocci is advertised as "house made", but realistically it was brought in from elsewhere.  It was served with braised lamb in a tomato ragout and topped fish fresh basil and freshly grated cheese.  The flavors were all there, but I like my gnocci with a bit more of a bite to it.  The braised lamb was a bit tough and ended up detracting from the dish as opposed to improving it.  The crab cakes were pretty good, but would've been slightly more epic if the lump meat was a bit larger.  It's a pretty small portion, so do make sure you order a soup to go along with it.  The flank steak was served medium rare topped with a horseradish creme fraiche with smashed potatoes.  The steak was excellent; cooked well and flavorful from being marinated and seasoned properly.  The smashed potatoes were a bit too cheesy for my liking, but I like how smashed potatoes have lots of textures going on with mild lumps of potato and potato skin in the mix.Sausalido is BYOB, so you can bring your own bottle and you definitely should ($2 corkage fee per person).  Lots of entrees from the lunch menu have encore presentations on the dinner menu; however, there are new dishes as well such as a duck breast, scallops, and a pork chop.There aren't too many seats in the restaurant, so for dinner I'd recommend calling ahead for reservations just to be on the safe side.
3	I visited Sausalido last night, something I'd been meaning to do ever since I noticed it several months ago.  It was late on a Wednesday and the place was nearly empty, so we were promptly seated and delivered a plate of bread and a very tasty white bean dip with olive oil and balsamic.  As I enjoyed the appetizer, I took in my surroundings.  It's a small, cozy space, with a sort of modern, minimalist decor - tastefully done, in my opinion.  The menu presented a challenge, as there were many items that sounded promising.  We settled on scallops with wilted spinach and pancetta ($26) and gnocchi in tomato-basil ragout with braised lamb ($19).  The scallops were large, properly cooked and slathered with a very flavorful tomato-butter sauce.  The accompanying spinach, however, was a bit too salty even for this salt lover.  The gnocchi had good texture and flavor; unfortunately, it was done a disservice by the tomato-basil ragout, which tasted little of fresh tomatoes or basil.  The lamb was also a disappointment, as it was somewhat bland and rather tough and chewy.As we finished our meal, the owner/chef came out to ask us how it was, which I always appreciate.  I tried to give him some constructive criticism because I really want this place to succeed. I love the  concept: a neighborhood bistro with an eclectic menu based on fresh, seasonal ingredients.  At least on this night, however, the execution was wanting.  Don't get me wrong; I did enjoy my meal, but at this price range I expect more consistency and attention to detail.  I'll gladly return in a few months, eager to see if Sausalido has made progress in living up to its lofty potential.
4	I am so happy to be able to write a good review for a locally-owned higher end restaurant.  I ate here last night with my boyfriend and thoroughly enjoyed my meal and experience.  When we walked in there was only one other table of guests there (which worries me somewhat) but I am going to start telling people to go there so hopefully that will change!I ordered the mushroom ravioli with caesar salad as my starter.  My boyfriend ordered the salmon with the beet salad as his starter.  We brought a bottle of wine and I was happy that our corkage fee was a reasonable price ($4).  We both really enjoyed our meals.  I also really liked our waitress, who was very attentive and friendly.  The atmosphere is fine: not great, but not bad.  I would say there were a few too many fake flowers for my liking but honestly it didn't overly detract from the dining experience. Overall, I really enjoyed my meal and will definitely be back again!  We just need to start getting more people here to ensure its success!
4	An excellent addition to Bloomfield.  Quality food, nicer atmosphere, without being a bar.  I've been twice, once early when it opened and again more recently.It is BYOB and a very small space.  Cuisine is a mix of California/Mediterranean and menu varies frequently.  We had an amazing appetizer of smoked gouda, we considered licking the plate.The Beets & Bleu Salad - was great.  And I think this was the meal that turned me into a beet lover. For entrees we had the Goat Cheese stuffed chicken and London Broil.  Both were very very good.The owner/manager is great and usually stops by every table.  Services is excellent.  It's a small place, and both times I've been there it hasn't been packed.  We're typically a loud group - so I imagine had it been full - everyone would have been subject to our ridiculous stories.The wine I guzzled at dinner was also excellent - but it's byob - so now I'm just reviewing myself.
5	We went to Sausalido tonight to redeem our Groupon ($20 for $40). It's a quaint little place, the decor is pretty minimal other than some local paintings and a few Pier 1 type wall hangings. One downside, they seem to have too many tables for the size of the space, so everything is really close together and the servers almost have their behinds in your face when serving the table next to you. We could see a lot of servers/hosts seeming to have trouble getting around eachother and the tables.The hostess was very enthusiastic and friendly. Our table was quite wobbly so our server got down and fixed it for us, for which we were grateful. They bring out some bread with a white bean spread which was absolutely delicious. They get locally made bread and you can tell it's very fresh.We started with the smoked gouda, which has a crispy crust on the outside and greens underneath. It was incredible, smooth and rich. We couldn't finish the whole thing though, it's a large portion for being just cheese.You get a side salad before your meal, and usually I'm disappointed by house salads but this one was great. The vegetables seemed extremely fresh and the house made dressing was just right.For the main course I had the almond pesto salmon with roasted corn, which was simply amazing. The corn also tasted super fresh and was definitely taken fresh off the cob. The fish came in a good-sized portion (it usually seems the pricier the restaurant, the smaller the piece of fish...not the case here!) and was cooked perfectly. Mr. had the roasted peach stuffed chicken with squash risotto. I tried some and it was very yummy. The dijon sauce on top was a teensy bit too spicy but I like spicy so that was okay. The portion of chicken was nice and large...half was moist and cooked perfectly, although the top piece was a little thinner so it ended up a bit tough. The risotto was tasty as well.We finished with a mint chocolate creme brulee, which was basically chocolate mousse with a crispy brulee top. It was pretty darn good.The presentation of everything was great. The owner (I assume) came around towards the end of our meal and asked how everything was, and visited the other tables as well. Our server was friendly and helpful.The place is BYOB, although we didn't partake this time, most tables had some wine on their table. The corkage fee was $3 per person which seems reasonable. We had to wait quite awhile between our courses, and other tables seemed to be getting their food more quickly than ours...I'm not sure whether to attribute this to our server or to the fact that we were using a Groupon or what. But luckily it didn't bother us much since our drinks were refilled promptly and the atmosphere was pleasant.In all we really enjoyed our visit...there's nothing more I hate than dropping a lot of money at a pricey restaurant and only getting mediocre food. That definitely didn't happen here. The other menu items sounded really yummy and we are eager to come back to try everything!
5	This was a great find on Liberty.  We recently had lunch here and were incredibly impressed with the quality of the food.  I definitely recommend trying Sausalido for lunch considering the menu's are almost identical except lunch is cheaper.   Our experience started with warm bread that came out with a bean puree that was dressed with multiple layers of incredible flavors and could easily stand alone as its own appetizer but it was complementary with the bread!  I think that the bean dip was only a foreshadowing of the extreme attention to detail that the chef and owner shows when developing menu items.    I had the zucchini bisque and wild mushroom flatbread both of which were perfect and my wife had the pumpkin ravioli that was incredibly accentuated by cinnamon sprinkle julienned apples.  Both of our meals were incredible.  Additionally the pumpkin ravioli was a seasonal replacement for the standard ravioli.  The waiter was OK (not bad but not great) but the owner/manager came around and spoke with everyone and definitely reinforced our opinion that this places really cares about the quality it puts out!    I can't wait to go back and try the new seasonal additions to the menu!
5	I had a great experience at Sausalido. We made a reservation for 8 of us on a weeknight and were seated immediately. It's BYOB which I am a huge fan and I have to say that the waitstaff were great sports when we walked in with small buckets of homemade sangria. We weren't necessarily going to be the "quiet" group of the night.There were a few other groups there but the waitstaff remained very attentive and were very patient and offered recommendations. Apparently, their risotto comes highly recommended and they have different types of risotto every day (I think). If I'm remembering correctly (there was a lot of Sangria) I got goat cheese and roasted red pepper stuffed chicken breast. It was laid on top of an amazing asparagus risotto. Everyone in my party's food looked great.Street parking can be tough so leave yourself plenty of time. Small restaurant so make reservations.
4	It's all about their Beets and Bleu salad. Yum. I ordered mine with grilled salmon and white balsamic dressing on the side. Everything is to die for and at $12 for the lunch portion, is one of the best deals I've seen in a long time for a fancy lunch salad.The salad itself is massive and is heaping with marinated beets & red onions, pecans and blue cheese. There is no skimping here!  I didn't even use any of the dressing because it wasn't needed. The salmon filet was the perfect size and cooked to perfection. I'd like to try this salad  again with the chicken.I've eaten here before and can totally vouch for not only the portion sizes and their Havarti Turkey and Asparagus sandwich. It was so awesome and lovely but too huge for me to finish. I had a bit of my friend's Chicken Cutlet sandwich and it was equally heavenly (I'd share that one though - it's pretty rich and huge for one person).Yes, the inside is a bit cramped for the amount of tables they have but I'll take a small, intimate and delicious local place over the cavernous drivel of a chain restaurant any day. Definitely check these guys out the next time you're in Bloomfield!
2	The prices are way too high for what you get.  The Bruco & Shrimp entree costs $26, yet the dish wasn't anything special.  The pasta was soft and the sauce was bland, although the shrimp were definitely plump.  We also ordered the Duck Breast, which was better, but the proportions were odd.  The bed of mashed potatoes that the duck was laid on was disproportionately huge, which might be great for people who want volume but not so much for people expecting a balanced dish.The space and ambiance is charming, save for some questionable artwork.  Our waiter was a bit strange, although I won't hold it against the restaurant because he might have been new.  In addition to flubbing our order a bit, he asked us if we wanted cheese once the pasta dish came out, grated maybe 1/4 teaspoon of cheese (no exaggeration), and declared "that's good" and left. Again, the food is ok and there wasn't anything overtly negative about our experience, but the price/value proposition means I really can't recommend this place.
4	A very nice neighborhood restaurant with a touch of class. Went for lunch and had the London Broil which was a very nice sliced flank steak over risotto. I made a comment that I thought it was a bit rich which I meant that I would have a hard time finishing. Apparently someone overheard and the chef came over and asked if I would like him to remake it or the sauce.  The other person in my party had the roasted vegetable wrap turned roasted vegetable sandwich as they were out of the wraps. She said it was very nice.Service was good. I think this place is a keeper!
4	This gem is pretty close to work so i was able to check it out for lunch with a couple of my work mates. There were 6 people in my party and they were able to seat us immediately ...it was also 1230pm.   The place is small and intimate. Cute decor and very homey.  They have a simple no fuss italian menu.  Appetizers, sandwiches and bigger meals. Its BYOB. They had one vegetarian salad, one vegetarian wrap and entree. Our waiter was a bit dull and even maybe hangover?? very blah demeanor.  He also wasn't familiar with some of the items on the menu. i.e the salad of the day. However this was quickly redeemed by their white bean/olive oil vinaigrette dip that comes with the basket of bread. OMG delish i probably ate too much. It had the perfect kick and a great way to get the tummy ready for the entree.  I ordered the  lemon goat cheese ravioli with asparagus and it was delicious. A bit more cheesier than i expected but still extremely flavourful the asparagus was probably my favourite item on the plate. Fresh and not too raw or over cooked. The serving was big and i got to have some leftovers for dinner.One of  My meat eating friends got the chicken sandwich that shes still talking about. My glass of water was refilled frequently and so was my friends' ice teas. We also got our checks pretty quickly.  A+ for the fast service. Other than the lack of enthusiasm for life from our waiter, I thought this place was great. The lunch prices are also very reasonable. $11 for my ravioli and about 9/10 for sandwiches. At the end of the meal the chef came out to see how we liked our meals and he was cute and friendly thus adding one more star to this review. If you work in Bloomfield or shadyside this is a great place to check out for lunch. We were there for about 45 minutes and with the fast service you will be able to enjoy an amazing meal without getting on the boss's shit list.
4	I'm a food snob.  Hanging around San Francisco for the last 5 years will do that to a person.  In addition, being a pescetarian (vegetarian + fish), its not exactly easy to find new places for really good food.  I'm so glad to see a place like this.  Bread was served with fantastic oil/balsamic/white bean dip.  YUM!  The salads had an amazing fresh strawberry dressing.  For my entree, I enjoyed crabcakes with mushroom risotto.  My only complaint is that the risotto had too much cracked pepper in it and I kept coughing during my meal.  I'll definitely be back.
4	Enjoyed my recent visit so much that I actually returned 4 days later.  First was a Tuesday.  Very quiet evening.  Zucchini appetizer is really extraordinary.  Cut lengthwise, filled with goat cheese, tomato, basil,  Delicious.  Had Mussels appetizer.  Excellent and a large portion.  Risotto was very, very good.  Oh, don't forget to BYOB.Second time was Friday.  Used Open Table for rez.  Got one for 6:15.  By 7:00, there were people waiting.  Remembered the wine.  $3 pp corkage.  Tried the Vidalia onion rings.  Worthwhile.  Fairly light, crisp coating.  Had the Zucchini again!  Share the Chicken with spinach, goat cheese and strawberry.  Kind of a tower, with two thin chicken beat slabs and the rest in-between, served over risotto.  Was interesting when eaten together with some strawberry for sweetness.  Not my favorite dish, but certain worth the experience.  Skipped dessert tonight.Very much enjoyed meeting Nick, the owner.  Great energy.  Picked up on our mention of being there Tuesday and volunteered a free dessert for the next visit as a "thank you."  We'll take him up on that!
3	Sausalido. Hmm... I feel torn about you! If I could give it 3.5 stars, I would have. The service is good, and the owner (I believe his name is Nick) flits about the restaurant, helping to seat people, serve food, and just generally chat with customers and see how their meals are going. I love that! But, of course, this is a restaurant, so on to the food...I've had dishes here that are great, and I've had dishes that leave me thinking I should have just stayed home and cooked. The good? Well, the bread they give you at the beginning with their homemade dipping sauce is awesome. I just had to pause while writing this, because I wasn't sure what to call the 'sauce'. It's actually an interesting concoction that consists of a homemade hummus that tastes like a combo of chickpeas and peppers, and it's drizzled with olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and some chopped tomatoes. Regardless, it's delicious, and the bread is always soft and fresh. Also noteworthy: the mussels in coconut curry sauce. You will be asking for more bread to sop up that sauce! The mussels are perfectly tender, and the sauce is plentiful and oh-so-flavorful. The onion rings, as mentioned in other reviews, are pretty great too. The "eh"? I haven't had a main dish here that has resulted in another tally on my Clean Plate Club card. I was here for NYE when they had a limited menu (like many restaurants) and I had the steak. It was okay. Nothing to write home about. Last time I was here, I had the porkchop and my boyfriend had the fish. My porkchop did have a nice herbed butter on top that definitely was the star of the dish. Despite the fact that the porkchop was perfectly cooked, if that herbed butter hadn't been spread all over its surface, it would have been Bland City. The chop was on a bed of sweet potato hash, but I really didn't find it to be too complementary to the pork and butter. My boyfriend's fish was on a bed of quinoa that he thought was decent, but he, like myself, wound up leaving quite a bit on his plate, despite being super hungry upon arrival. Oh, and he went with the wedding soup (they call it something fancier-sounding on the menu) instead of a salad, but it was pretty bland, and there was a lot of fresh spinach leaves in it that hadn't really cooked down as much as they should have, which was kinda... weird. All in all, I'd go back (especially because I live like 2 minutes away), but I'll just stick with sharing a few apps instead of ordering main dishes next time!
4	I gave Sausalido a try this past weekend in a last-minute effort to use my Groupon (which expired yesterday! How awesome am I at procrastinating?). I highly suggest making a reservation here if you plan on dining on the weekend, as it not only seriously packs in after 5PM, but often times they don't seat UNLESS you have a reservation.Food here was quite good - our meal started with complimentary bread and white bean dip which was a pleasant surprise (in contrast to the usual stale-bread-and-olive-oil mix). My boyfriend and I shared the sage wheat encrusted gouda appetizer with sun-dried tomatoes and pesto, which was definitely the highlight of our experience. Really, really delicious. The exterior was a crispy breaded layer while the interior was a warm, buttery, melted gouda. To die for!As vegetarians, both my boyfriend and I got the asparagus and manchego ravioli for our main course. Unfortunately, their menu didn't offer too many vegetarian (and no vegan) options, so beware if you're a fellow herbivore. The ravioli was served with a tasty red pepper reduction and sliced avocados, which lent it a smooth, rich taste. Being that the sauce was red pepper based, it could have benefited from a little more spice and salt, as red pepper sauces can tend to be a bit bland.One major downside was that I felt somewhat rushed through my meal since there was a long line of people waiting to be seated (and my table was located next to the entrance). The environment is also a bit cramped for a more upscale restaurant in my opinion. Service was efficient, but a little cold, too. Overall, good food despite the anxious environment. Worth the experience, especially if you've got a Groupon!
5	I went for lunch this monday and had the london broil, grilled flank steak with roasted sweet potatoes over mixed greens.  I wanted to try their signature capon and ditallini soup but they were out.   Their complimentary starter, white bean dip with bits of celery, red peppers, carrots and drizzled with balsamic vinegar is scrumptious.  The steak was the best i've had in a while although a bit too rare; the next time i go i'll bring along a bottle of red to enjoy with it, obviously i will definitely be going back.  I used to live within five minutes of a walk from Sausalido but had never tried the place out :(.  It's a gem in Pittsburgh and probably the best place to eat in Bloomfield.  I also had their turkey havarti sandwich with asparagus and basil mayo...it was pretty much a perfect sandwich definitely worth nine dollars.  It's a small cozy place with the cutest bathroom for women that I have ever been in.  The bathroom had a canvas of marilyn monroe and her quote "I am not interested in money.  I just want to be wonderful," on the wall.
1	I can't understand the good reviews this place has gotten.  This was our second trip- the first was just after they opened and we didn't love it but figured since it has been open for awhile the kinks would be worked out.  8 of us went for a birthday celebration the other night, so between us we tried most everything.  Throughout our meal there were major problems with execution.BYOB is nice, the white bean dip is ok but bland.  The various breads were generally good.  Everything was downhill from that point.  Apps: we had artichoke dip, stuffed zuchinni, and the gouda.  The gouda was fine, it was only room temp to slightly warmed but it's cheese and can't help but be tasty.  The zuchinni was notable only for not being bad.  The artichoke dip (2 orders, both this way) was just awful- it was more of an artichoke soup.  Chunks of oversalted artichokes floating (seriously- they were bobbing around like apples) in a thin, milky lukewarm broth with giant chunks of soggy unmelted cheese.  The center was cold- refrigerator cold.  We pointed this out to the manager, who didn't apologize or seem to note anything wrong, but offered to heat one up for us.  30 seconds in the microwave later it was steamy but the ingredients still weren't combined and it was still more soup than dip.  I think what is most bothersome isn't that there was clearly a prep error but that even after it was sent back, there was no quality control in the kitchen.A mushroom "bisque" which appeared to contain no cream was watery, salty, and uninspired.Mains: our table tried the crab cakes, pumpkini ravioli, pork, London broil, and catfish.  Nothing stood out, and the pork was very dry and bland with an unappetizing combination of mushy sweet potato cubes and some unidentifiable grits-like topping.  Dessert: Creme brulee, which semed to go over well.  We also had the red velvet cheesecake, which was bad enough that 8 people sharing didn't finish even half of it.  It took awhile to put our finger on the problem, but as one astute companion pointed out it was salty.  Combined with a strangely dense and chewy texture, the overall effect was of a lurid pink playdoh served on topsoil.  I like for places to do well, and I try to give them a fair chance.  If the food had just been not to our liking or even just plain bad, I probably would have chalked it up to a bad night and not written a negative review.  What bothered me and prompted this entry was that we so clearly weren't happy with our meal and there was never a point where any staff recognized the problem, asked if anything was wrong (when 8 people eat and not a single person finishes a single dish and something is sent back, there is likely a problem), or offered to remove the completely uneaten artichoke dip-soups from our bill.  That tells me that there are either no standards or that no one cares.It seems that others have had a good experience here, but I would avoid it as the prices are too steep to be hit-or-miss.
4	Hubby and I went here for dinner on a Saturday night.  RESERVATIONS = VERY IMPORTANT!The atmosphere of the restaurant is fairly casual, although I don't think I would wear jeans there.  Upon entering the restaurant, we were seated promptly and our drink orders were taken.  They gave us a few minutes before taking our order and we ordered the Smoked Brie, hubby had the Ravioli and I had the Risotto of the day.  They brought us a plate with fresh bread and a delicious white bean/oil/rosemary dip -- so good!  The appetizer arrived quickly and we went to work on the brie.  It was mild and creamy and delicious.  I would recommend asking for a little bit of balsamic reduction -- it added so much to the cheese!I didn't try the ravioli but my husband INHALED them.  He loved it!The risotto was amazing, probably the best I've had that I didn't make myself.  The day we went it was made with peas and crimini mushrooms.  Yum!We were stuffed after dinner but wanted to try the dessert so we got the bread pudding to go.  All I can say is more please! Another plus to this place is that it is BYOB, so you can bring whatever you like.
4	Used them for catering a business dinner for 20.  Marvelous food, great service.  Highly recommend.  Thanks!
4	Definitely a nice place to go for a date or special occasion. The space itself isn't too big and you're literally right next to your neighboring tables, but I didn't mind because it goes with the cozy, dimly lit, intimate atmosphere.  The service was also very good.  Since we were seated somewhat near the hostess station, we got to see several parties arrive and it seemed like there were lots of regulars and people greeted by name.  Loved the personal touch.Food is also good.  I ordered the pork chop and it was cooked really well.  Slightly juicy and flavorful.  Also, Sausalido is BYOB, so make sure to bring your favorite bottle of wine!
4	I have been here twice and both on business lunches. The first time I filled up on the fantastic canalini (sp?) dipping sauce and fresh bread. The chicken wrap had a spicy mustard that I couldn't stand and ruined the first experience. But I know this is my taste buds' fault and not theirs. I had the beet salad today - holy cow, so good - and the vegetable wrap. I think the wrap would have been good warmed instead of served cold. I plan to go again and hope to go for dinner - the lunch menu is full of great options and a reasonable price, so dinner must be just as great!
5	Sausalidos in my boyfriend and my favorite date place to go to in pittsburgh. We have been there countless times and all but one time it was 5 stars and the experience was great. The place is BYOB which is awesome, the menu is small but everything we have ever ordered on it was great. Our favorite thing is to get the brie app for starters.. just too good. The restaurant is kind of small, but they do have an upstair where they can seat you if you ahve larger parties. I mentioned all but one time our experience was superb. The one time it wasn't, we just happened to be there one of those nights when the restaurant got slammed with business and they were running out of food and customers were starting to get annoyed. For those of you that have expereience a night like that there, please give them another try. The owner is great and will do anything to make your experience there pleasurable and the food I really do love.
4	Excellent experience. Food and service was great...highly reommend!!
3	My first impression upon walking in was that the restaurant was not very well organized.  They may have had employees call off, which happens, but there were only two people manning several tables and so I had to wait ten minutes to be seated.The service was good, my bread, soup and appetizers came in a decent amount of time and all the food was very delicious and very well made.  All fresh ingredients, quality foods, nothing frozen.  My entree took a while to come, longer than it should have but I was still kept well informed by the young lady waiting on me.  I had the Bucicini which was a type of tube spaghetti tossed with olive oil and butter, garlic, bay scallops, tiger shrimp, mussels, shaved parmesan and arugula.  Truly delicious, outstanding combination of flavors and again, all fresh ingredients.  The only problem I had with the food was the price.  I thought $26 for this plate of food was a little overpriced.  I've had pasta plates in the middle of San Diego with twice as much meat for less than $20.  Final word: the food is excellent, but they're trying to emulate a five star restuarant when they shouldn't be.  They are located in a quaint part of town where their prices are too high for the area.  The price range for Yelp falls under "Moderate", I thought it was more expensive than Moderate.
4	We had not planned to have dinner there, but it was an on-the-spot choice and we did not regret it! Actually we enjoyed it.  The establishment is a nice small place, that gives you the (right) impression that people will take care of you.  The food was amazing.  The Gouda appetizer was a delicious choice and so was the hanger stake. Cooked to perfection.  I think it will become an often visit for me :)
4	What a great find. Our party of six, each had a different entree and no one was disappointed. Yummy appetizers, smoked Gouda , jalepeno poppers, and mussels ( very tasty but sadly too small) We're always happy to find a BYOB restaurant with awesome food. Sausalido fits the bill .
5	I ate here this past Friday evening with my girlfriend and her parents.  We had an 8:30 reservation and arrived a few minutes early only to be told that they were 15 minutes behind schedule and that we could wait outside or at the bar next door.  This wasn't the most thrilling option for us as we did not want to go to the bar which meant that we we stuck outside with all of the smokers from the nearby bar which we thoroughly despised.  At first I was pretty peeved by our wait but as the host repeatedly apologized for the delay throughout the night and I realized that they had a 40+ person wedding party upstairs and a 20 top downstairs, it easily became apparent that they were not really to blame.  The restaurant itself is fairly quaint with the tables being made from slate(?) with some inlaid artwork and also some other local artwork for sale on the walls.Having been here before we knew that Sausilido was BYOB and brought in our own bottle for a nominal $2/person corkage fee which the waiter opened while telling us about the daily fish and risotto specials.  Our group decided to start off our evening smoked gouda.  Before it was delivered to the table we received the local bread and bean dip that is served with all of their entrees.  The bread was nice and the bean dip even better which led to be it being finished before our appetizer even made it to the table.  The gouda was served with a crust on the outside and was topped off by some pesto while sitting on a bed of spinach.  It came sans bread which our table thought was odd but may have been due to the fact that we already ate all of ours.  Once we tasted it though, the bread was not missed as it was both savory and delicious which allowed it to be enjoyed by our whole party.  Shortly after our appetizer was finished, the salads that came with all of the entrees were delivered.  They were decent sized and dressed in a tasty vinegarette.  I really enjoyed it, especially the beets which you so rarely get on house salads.   For my entree I had a tough time deciding between the hangar steak and duck breast before ultimately settling on the hangar steak.  Whenever our entrees came out, everyone at the table commented on how large they were.  I was also surprised to see that in addition to the steak, bacon horseradish creme fraiche and warm potato salad that was described on the menu, they had garnished my dish with a sizable portion of roasted cauliflower and red peppers.  All of my dish was excellent with the warm potato salad tasting awesome while the steak was cooked perfectly and the extra vegetables being good as well.  My only complaint would be the large scoop of creme fraiche that seemed ladled onto my steak.  That in itself would not have been too bad except for the fact that the horseradish seemed to be heavy in it and overpowered all of the other flavors.  Thankfully I enjoy horseradish and so did not find it to be too horrible even though it was even a bit much for me on several of the pieces that I had eaten.  With all of the food that we had eaten, we were not able to order dessert and even passed on our planned trip to the nearby froyo store afterward.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again.  Every time that I come to this place I am reminded of why I constantly have it as one of my top 5 restaurants in the 'burgh.
3	Sausalido attempts to be a quaint Mediterranean bistro. I believe the intimate atmosphere accommodates that very well, and the service is admirable. It is a good place to take a date, which I did (pimpin aint easy, I know). From there, the maitre d is accommodating with the corkage and you can let all your conversational juices flow over a nice glass of red wine. The staff likes to give appetizers on the house, which are generally delicious. I found several other appetizers to be well prepared, but very basic. I believe one was akin to a cheesy baked potato with bacon. Those are always tasty, but  I could make that when I was a culinary challenged college student.My main course was a simple seafood and veggie pasta a la oligio. It seemed a bit bland, and would have probably been better with fresh cracked black pepper, some truffle salt, and shredded Gruyere. When a restaurant is trying to convey an attitude of beauty through simplicity, the utmost attention must be given to a dish to justify its price point. Yes, pasta is simple, but there needs to be a delicate balance of high quality flavors to make the simple into elegant.I still enjoyed the experience, but feel Sausalido is encountering the troubles that I see of other up and coming Pgh restaurants. They are trying to be something through their image, but not accounting for the details which bring it to life. You can get away with that in Pgh, but it wouldn't fly in a larger city.
2	What is the fascination with this place?  I have had lunches from Sausalido a number of times over the last year and the results are the same:  bland pasta salads and sandwiches that are 95% bread and 5% everything else.  Maybe it's my experience eating in delis in NYC where the meat/condiments make up 80% of the sandwich, but I just don't find S's lunch offerings worthwhile.
4	Sausalido, I'm into you!What a cute little place! Again, I ponder why it took me so long to come here. Maybe it's a hidden gem?? Whatever it is, I can't wait to go back! Everything on the menu appealed to me, which is always a good sign. Oh yeah, also a good sign, deliciuos bread and hummus on the table!I was with a party of six and as soon as our food came out, I was struck by what a beautiful presentation it was. I mean, everything looked fresh and delicious, with a lovely looking plating to boot! I was in the mood for veggies, so I choose the roasted veggie wrap. It came LOADED with portabella mushrooms, red pepper, yellow squash, zucchini, asparagus, carrot, mixed greens, parmesan and white bean spread in a spinach tortilla. I also loved the balsamic dressing inside. It was just a nice refreshing meal for lunch. Not too heavy and definitely on the healthy side.I was VERY intrigued by the dinner menu though. I must come back soon to get some of the seasonal items (yum pumpkin!).
4	Wonderful risotto!
5	Recommended by coworker who had an excellent dinner during restaurant week. My experience echoes hers. I went with family including adult children and in-laws and from the moment we entered we were treated to a divine dining experience. The BYOB adds to the pleasure. The hummus, Gouda, crab cakes, risotto and other entrees were shared and enjoyed by all. Although we couldn't finish entrees, we treated ourselves to yummy desserts which capped a marvelous evening.
4	Took clients and their wives for dinner.  The experience was over the top.  The service the minute we sat down to the very end was exceptional.  The food was outstanding and the portions were very good.  Everyone at the table had a great time.  We definitely plan on going back......if you want to make a positive impression on someone special in your life......bring them here.
3	This place was hyped-up by my boyfriend, so I had high expectations.  Our appetizer and salads were great.  Even the bread with the white bean paste.  However, once our entree's came, I was pretty dissapointed.  I got the Monkfish special.  There was just way too much going on, and the entire dish was in some sort of sauce that made everything soggy.  My boyfriend got the flank steak, which he said was great.  Maybe I would have had a better experience with a different entree.  Overall, I think this place is overpriced.  You can get better food at a better value other places in the city.
4	Sausalido is a nice upscale Italian restaurant in the heart of Bloomfield.  The first thing you'll notice about this place is the relatively small space.  The layout is somewhat intimate; however, I couldn't help but be mildly turned off by the weird curtain partitioning the entrance from the remainder of the restaurant.  Despite what seemed to me as an eyesore, our experience was solid.  The menu is single paged, with limited appetizers, entrees and deserts.  Not a critique, but mostly in-line with menus of other upscale establishments.  Course by course:The smoked gouda is an absolute must-order item.  Gently fried on the outside, nice and creamy on the inside-this item was cooked perfectly and was a great way to start out our meal.  Our entrees came with salads.  Nothing too special here: just a nice blend of greens with a the unique addition of beets.  My main meal consisted of a vegetarian ravioli dish, which was savory and well-executed.  My main critique however would be the sauce the ravioli was placed in was somewhat too watery for my tastes.  A creamier sauce would have been preferable.  My date enjoyed her risotto dish, which appeared to be a great value both in terms of portion size (freaking huge), and taste-very rich, very tasty.  Desert was a fantastic peanut butter creme brulee.  Highly recommended.  Overally, this restaurant is solid.  It wasn't the most memorable dining experience, but still solid and recommended.  Service was friendly, just a bit slow and inconsistent at times.  Online reservations via Yelp are a very nice touch.  This seems like a great place to check out if you you're looking to book an upscale restaurant in a pinch.  The BYOB is tremendous with $2 corkage fee.  Perhaps one of the best BYOB values in the city.
4	Went here on a Saturday night.......really after reading some decent reviews AND because they took reservations. We were taking out my daughter for her birthday along with three others......I didn't want to be hanging out in God knows what type of weather we experience here in April, so that was a plus. We were promptly greeted and seated upstairs in a cozy booth type seating area. This was fine...it allowed us to be as loud as  the wine dictated. Speaking of, it's a BYOB....also a plus for me. We went over board on the apps...they bring out bread and a hummus style dip when you are seated. We tried the smoked Gouda (good but needed to be hotter), the Greek meatballs (our fave) and the crispy cheese bruschetta (good and crunchy fried cheese disks with tomatoes, cheese and herb topping). The meals sampled were the Pork chop (ginormous and juicy) the strip steak (son in law loved it) the crab cakes (daughter said she get that again) the special was a salmon risotto (also huge portion and really good) finally I had the salmon on kale (good, but should have been more adventurous. All in all........good food, good service........will definitely go back.
4	Went there at prime time on a Saturday night. Reservations are a must for a group.  You might be able to snag a last minute table for 2 on the right night.  Overall a very good meal and experience. The BYOB is always a plus and they actually have nice wine glasses and pint glasses for your beer if needed. Nothing is worse then enjoying an upscale meal with a good bottle of wine and having to drink out of a small water glass. On to the food. We started with the smoked Gouda, mostly due to the reviews on Yelp and the waiter's recommendation. We also had the lamb (meat)balls. Both were good, not anything to rave about. While I liked the Gouda, I certainly did not have the same experience I read about online. Good not great.  Same for the salads. Nothing special. The main meal was another story. I had the pork chop. It was a finalist on my list of choices but the waiter's recommendation sold it for me. It was fabulous. So thick and yet so perfectly cooked throughout. Juicy with a seared crust. Excellent flavor. May be a death row meal finalist. Another member of our table had the duck and felt the same way. He even raved so much to the waiter that he brought the cook out to meet him (yes, he was a cook not a chef). We had a cheesecake for dessert that topped off the evening nicely. We will recommend and we will be back. Thanks for reading. Enjoy your meal!
4	Visited on a weeknight. There was one other couple dining so it was quiet and we sat right away. The waitress was friendly. The bean dip and bread they give you to start is super tasty. I ordered the salmon with coconut curry and greens, husband ordered the crab cakes with risotto. Our starter salads, with a helping of beets, were very good. The small aluminum bowl they serve it in is very awkward to eat out of, however. My salmon was quite good and cooked perfectly; the sauce tasted great but was a tad thin (making it drippy to eat). The greens were underdone, and served in large leaves that had to be cut to actually eat, which was difficult because of the underdone-ness. The well-done pieces were a good complement to the dish, though I would have preferred a starch with the salmon. My husband's crab cakes were very good, great crab-to-filling ratio, but he said he found several shell pieces. The risotto was the perfect texture but a hint too much salt for me.Now the ambiance, sadly, leaves much to be desired. There was no music playing in the front of the house, so we were serenaded by KISS FM being blared in the kitchen. The chef alternated between singing along with the music and sitting outside at their outdoor seating drinking a beer and chatting with buddies. He and our server often had personal conversation, which I don't mind if done out of earshot, but they made little effort to avoid airing their personal business for everyone inside. When you're paying $25 for an entree, I don't think it's unreasonable to expect some quiet mood music and atmosphere during your meal. This might be due to it being a slow weeknight, but still.We'll probably go back on weekends when it's busier and the staff are not so much in "laid back" mode. All in all it's great, fresh food so I still recommend it.
3	I went to Sausalido with a friend on a Groupon. It was a Tues evening and the restaurant was not busy. We received great attentive service from our server. Our appetizer (goat cheese portabella), salad, and bread with the hummus dip were all great. We ordered the roasted seafood risotto special and that's where Sausalido lost a few points. The dish was quite bland with little substance in terms of seasoning. When my friend and I had our first bite, we both reached for the salt shaker. I will definitely give Sausalido another try, but will go for a different main dish.
2	What a let down!The interior of the restaurant looks dingy and our service was good but our waitress was bizarre.  I had friends meet me there after being stood up.  Didn't really like being asked about it.  I don't think she was rude or anything but she was clearly just a kooky kind of girl who make sure everyone in the dining room knew she was great friends with her co worker Ed. So I guess it's good that the staff gets along!The bean dip was excellent but the strip steaks were pure gristle, order the crab cakes.I don't think I'll be coming back here but this place seems popular and everyone I know loves the food so I can only assume I was there on an off night.
4	Out of 5:3.0 - Grilled Strip Steak: Fresh bread and greens.  Steak was a tad overcooked, but still good.3.5 - Farfalle with almonds: Great mix of flavors and textures.2.0 - Service: a bit slow, forgot some details about my order.
3	Smoked Gouda.. Delicious. White bean dip.. Delicious! The braised chicken breast with peaches was ok, nothing special and kind of bland. The flank steak is a much better choice!
4	Went back for the first time since opening week five years ago. Really don't know why we waited so long!  The food was excellent, the portion sizes just right and the service was great. If I have one complaint, it would be the house salad...nothing to write home about. It was very crowded on a Friday night but the service didn't miss a beat.
4	Small and easy to miss place in the heart of Little Italy. BYOB with a reasonable $2 corkage fee per person resulting in an inexpensive evening.Entrees are in the $20-$26 range an include a salad and a wonderful white bean/balsamic/rosemary dip with bread cubes. Actually, I think all of us would have been content to forgo entrees and have a glass of wine and enjoy the bread and white bean dip, which appears to include unlimited refills.That said, the entrees are varied including trout, duck, porkchop, risotto, crab cakes. Many dishes included brussell sprouts, which two at our table aren't enamored with and were easily substituted for other accompaniments.The person at our table with the gluten allergy found the waiter able to offer many choices to meet her needs. Definitely food-allergy friendly.Service is fine. A bit noisy until the owner turned down the Lionel Richie music upon request.  Portion sizes were reasonable and everyone enjoyed their meals.Not five stars, but a solid four star entry in Bloomfield.As an aside, we miss D'Amico's.
5	Came here with some fiends for lunch had a good time and great food.
4	I've eaten here 3 times, and every time was great. I heart BYO's! Most recently I had the pork chop, and it was delicious. My friend had the pasta bolognaise (sp) which was also really great- hearty and filling. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting... the owner and staff are all really nice. They ran out of a couple things we wanted to try, but I'll be back to rectify that.
3	My wife and I came here with a a couple of friends. The sever was very excited, almost to the point of being obnoxious, but she was helpful. It was restaurant week, so they offered a limited menu, we all head the quinoa meatballs, which took some getting use to, but we ended up enjoying them. They brought a house salad course next that I felt was unnecessary. The white balsamic vin was really good. The final course was an option of stuffed pumpkin ravioli with honey crisp apple cream sauce or the daily risotto. Both options were really good the sauce on the ravioli was smooth and buttery and the risotto was filled with bacon Italian cheeses, red peppers, and bleu cheese . Great choices ! We all decided to get to dessert, we could of skipped this portion of our dinner. Enjoy!
3	My husband and I went for restaurant week. Reasonably priced, byob and the corking fee was included with the restaurant week package. The atmosphere was cozy, even though the inside is small it wasn't too crammed. Staff was friendly and service was pretty good.Creative food choices, I loved the pumpkin ravioli and loved that they make their own salad dressings. We had quinoa meat balls as an app and they took some aclimating to but they were pretty awesome and ended up being the main thing I remember. Definitely a good place to spend diner with friends, I plan on returning to try more of the menu
3	I've been to Sausalido several times over the past few years but have never written a review. We decided to go for restaurant week. The menu on the restaurant week website looked good. Two appetizer choices, a salad, and two entree choices for $25.14 including a corkage fee (BYOB). Hubs went with the restaurant week menu. In the mood for pasta, I went with the bolognese. The server brought over bread with their white bean/balsamic spread. Very yummy, as always. We started with the quinoa meat(less)balls which was easily the star of the show. Anytime a healthy ingredient like quinoa is transformed into something so delicious that I can't even tell it's healthy, that's a homerun in the food world. Quinoa, cheese and marinara sauce, who would have thought? The next course was a salad with their white balsamic dressing. A standard salad topped off with blackberries, a nice surprise.  My bolognese arrived soon after the salad was cleared. Unfortunately, this is where the meal went downhill. The pasta was tender but the sauce lacked flavor for me. Although meaty, I was hoping for a more of a tomato base. I ended up taking most of it home for hubs who really enjoyed his risotto with bacon, arugula and blue cheese.  The service was also lacking. At the beginning of the meal we spent a significant amount of time looking around and waiting to order. When asking questions about the menu we were given either  a short answer or said he didn't know because he never tried it. Overall, some parts of our experience were fantastic while others were lacking.
5	Was an employee at this Excellent Establishment for 2 years, left on great terms and enjoyed every minute of my employment. I'd highly recommend trying the food and I'm bummed that I can't personally serve you and watch you enjoy it. Watching the food come out was always amazing and the head Chef Mike does nothing but a perfect job on every dish! The seasonal menu is always creative and uses nothing but the freshest indigence (I know, I had to go get them). The owner Nick takes extreme pride in his work and makes it his personal goal that you enjoy your experience. TRY IT OUT!!!!
4	A good mixed crowd age wise which is nice- mostly people who like good food and want a nice dinner out- not too fancy but nice enough. The free bean dip/bread is a nice unique offering. The garden side salad was yummy and different than what you'd typically get. The quinoa puff appetizer was good but nothing compared to the ginormous pork chop on top of goat cheese chive whipped potatoes I got- deliciously prepared. My hubby got the crab cakes and risotto which was equally as amazing. We really were impressed with this place- I think it is totally flying under the radar for how solid it is. We will definitely be back but hope the menu changes up every once in awhile as there aren't a whole lot of options. My one suggestion- educate your servers about gluten allergies- it's a pretty common question, especially in fine dinging and my server had absolutely no idea what gluten even was.
4	There seems to be many negative reviews here, but it was not our experience.  We had a very nice meal there.  The service was good, the food was good, portions were generous, presentation better than expected and prices were good.  The restaurant is small and there isn't much decor-wise (you're kinda right on the street).  Additionally the BYOB is nice.  You can enjoy a nice bottle of wine and not have to pay a triple price.There are a few minor negatives.  1) city parking, 2) tables are a little close (even for a small place) and 3) wait staff needs a little more training.We  will definitely return.
5	Their catering trays are the best I've ever had! I loved everything. It was all fresh and tasty from the salads, moist chicken with spinach, strawberries, etc., grilled bread...so good!
5	Some of the best food we had in Pittsburgh. Small place, informal, but food was very good. As others have noted, big serving sizes (= yummy lunch next day!) and BYOB (corkage fee per person but they don't pour your wine... in which case I think it should be per bottle). This is our current go-to place for celebrations. A little more than we usually pay for a dinner but nice as a treat! They were out of several dishes the night we went, so be sure to check availability if you have a favorite.
4	Fantastic food! Smoked Gouda appetizer was excellent. The Swordfish special was cooked perfectly and the combination of flavors superb.
5	We ordered food for a graduation party. The food was wonderful: fresh, well seasoned, innovative and packaged to travel. The staff was friendly and solicitous. 5 stars!
4	Sausalido is truly a hidden gem in Bloomfield! Inventive, creative dishes, stellar service and BYOB. One can't ask much more. Reservations are recommended because it's not huge. I really like the upstairs space best because there's a bit more elbow room than downstairs, especially if you have a larger group. You're greeted with a chalkboard of the evening's specials - typically a fish of the day and other seasonal specialties. It's easy to order off that menu. Love the bread and bean dip they bring to the table and the smoked Gouda appetizer is not to be missed. We've ordered it every time. You can choose a dinner salad portion of any of their options or their soup to begin your meal. I'm hooked on their Beets & Bleu Salad and it's perfectly sized as a starter. Even though the menu changes regularly, the crab cakes are always there and they're delightful with a different flavor profile than a typical crab cake. My friend can't keep herself away from their pork chop which comes with a stellar presentation, as does their lamb. The fish special preparation changes regularly, too. We've also really enjoyed steak and pasta dishes. On our last visit we actually saved room for dessert and shared their chocolate, caramel, cashew bread pudding. Wow, it was amazing!Service during every visit has been perfect and our wine glasses never seem to be empty. Great restaurant!
2	Sausalido has been on of our favorites for a while, but what was once a great, intimate, fun place to go for unique and extraordinarily well-prepared food, has declined to a below-average experience.   Our most recent visit is an example.  What was once great service, has now become sloppy, inconsistent and inattentive.   Our server didn't pour the wine we brought, forgot the bread and bean dip, and while he refilled our water glasses ever ten seconds, he left clearly empty plates lying on the table for far too long.  The chef had to keep hollering from the kitchen to the staff to come pick up food.   Major upgrade needed here.Food quality seems to have declined a bit as well.   The appetizers were great, with the smoked gouda app and the meatball app being highlights.   The meatballs are delicious, huge, easily enough to share.   But the entrees were lacking in basic preparation.    My duck dish came out not medium, but still quacking, and had to be sent back.   This is not a case of someone not liking rare duck -- the meat was cold and raw.    One of our guests had a steak that was likewise mis-cooked, only in this case, medium-well versus medium rare.    Maybe a bad night at the grill station, but this shouldn't happen.   During a prior visit, the risotto was perfectly cooked, but very poorly seasoned and assembled -- a heavy hand with the salt, and only the most minuscule bits of shaved steak to augment a giant bowl.The signature dish, the pork chop, was still fantastic, and huge.   One guest of ours will have leftovers for 2 meals.   But overall, Sausalido seems to be headed in the wrong direction.   Hoping it can return to it's former glory, but we won't be back anytime soon.
1	I have been here many times in the past, and food is excellent and service was always great.  However last night was a totally different experience. Dave was our waiter.  Not only was Dave NOT friendly, Dave was also EXTREMELY unattentive and rude to boot.  We asked for an ice bath for our champagne, and he forgot, and poured us lukewarm champagne which was quite lovely :(.  We had to ask him again, and our ice bath was lukewarm.  Dave also did not clear our appetizer plates which were clearly empty.  Our salads came about 15-20 minutes later.  We waited for 45 minutes after finishing our meals for him to come back for boxing.  No sign of him, therefore, I asked the other waiter, John, who I have had before, and was amazing by the way, to box up our dinners and get our check.  He was extremely sympathetic and understanding. Only then did Dave come over and ask how our meals were an hour after we were done, and when they were already boxed.  Needless to say, I have never "stiffed" a waiter, this time I did.  We were so angry, angry enough to never go back to this restaurant again, even though the food is amazing.  Sausalido, what happened to you? Where was the manager/owner?  The people at the other table that Dave was unfortunately waiting on, waited for him to take their check for 15 minutes, they were clearly annoyed.  I saw people coming in for tables waiting for 15-20 minutes to even be acknowledged. Then to make matters worse, I think the air conditioning broke, so we had to sit sweating waiting for our meals to be boxed.  We were so disgusted and hot that we didn't even want dessert.  Wrapping up, unfortunately we will never go back again. What could have been a very lovely evening turned into 2 1/2 hours of a very unpleasant experience. There were only 2 of us for dinner!  I would suggest showing Dave the door, and ramping up your service in the front room (last night was clearly understaffed), otherwise, I feel Sausalido may loose alot more business, not only mine.
4	Went there last night (Tuesday).  They only had two people working the front since it was a Tuesday and restaurant week had ended a couple of days earlier.  That was a mistake.  There was a large business dinner going on and almost everyone else in the restaurant was there to redeem their Groupon before it expired today (8/20/14).  Half of the tables were  being used and the other half  had to be cleared.  We had to wait about 15 minutes before they got around to clearing off a table for us, however, once we got seated, the service was at a slow pace, but bearable.  Have to hand it to the two waiters.Menu was limited but interesting. Had the pork chop. It was HUGE and tasty. Ended up taking half of it home.  The better half had the crab cakes which were also very good.  The white bean dip and bread also very also hit the spot.Will go back again to try the other things that interested me.  Hopefully, the staffing will be better planned the next time.
1	Sausalido used to be one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I had only been there a few months ago and was very happy with my meal and the service.My last visit was a different story. The service was HORRENDOUS, probably the worst I've ever experienced, and the food seems to have gone downhill too. When we arrived our server (an older man with glasses) somehow brought us 4 waters for 2 people, this was not a big deal, but the table space was limited so we didn't need the extra glasses. He then brought us our bread and bean dip before taking our order. We waited almost 40 MINUTES before we were even asked for our order. The waiter did not apologize, we were unsure if he even realized his mistake. He then brought us more bread and bean dip, I think not realizing that he had already brought us some, but that was a good thing since we had already been waiting 40 minutes to order. I remember from previous visits the salad that comes with the meal was very good, it had beets in it and I believe there was always a special house-made dressing, last time I was there it was a raspberry dressing. The waiter only gave us the option of Italian dressing this time, which was house-made, but I was disappointed because I'm not a huge Italian dressing fan. We later heard another waiter giving another table more options, so I guess that they had them, we just were not made aware of them. My boyfriend also requested no salad, but the waiter brought him one anyways. When my salad arrived, I also discovered it had changed, it was a regular house salad with tomatoes, not the one with beets that I remembered.Unfortunately our main courses were not as good as our previous visits either. My boyfriend ordered the steak, and I ordered the daily fish, which was tilapia. The portion sizes were big, I received 2 pieces of fish, however the dish lacked flavor. This was surprising considering the description said the fish had a "grilled pineapple curry butter." My fish tasted basically like buttered fish, with minimal butter, and the black bean mixture that came with it also lacked flavor. I tasted no curry flavoring, and there were 3 tiny canned pineapple sized chunks on my 2 pieces of fish. I probably could have made this dish at home, maybe even made it more flavorful. My boyfriend also said his steak was not a good cut of meat. When we were done with our meals the server also took forever to get us our box, even when there were only 6 tables left in the restaurant. Other customers seemed annoyed as well, their waters, etc were not being filled.I hate to give this place a bad review, but I had the worst service I have ever experienced, and the food was disappointing too. It's a shame, but I will probably not be back.
4	This first visit was very enjoyable...great food and didn't feel rushed at all, waiter was knowledgable and pleasant.  I like the simple one page menu and that they use good quality ingredients, starting with the white bean/balsamic spread, fresh baked bread & house salads.  We had the smoked gouda appetizer recommended by our waiter - delicious!  and wild mushroom bisque - just good. Her pork chop entree was fantastic, best I ever tasted...my shrimp pasta entree was good; cooked perfect but under seasoned.  Definately worth a repeat visit to explore other menu items.  Good job to everyone!
3	My husband and I dined at Sausalido with friends and everyone was pretty disappointed with their meals. As an appetizer, we ordered the baked gouda, which was breaded (?) and not very tasty.  I ordered the evening fish special, which was bland even after I spread the accompanying curry butter on it.  My husband ordered a different fish, which was heavily battered, though not described as such by the waiter.   On the bright side, my meal was relatively healthy and Sausalido does permit corking.  Aside from the intimate atmosphere, there isn't any reason I would return.
4	My boyfriend and I were looking for a reasonably affordable-nice-restaurant to bring his cousin and we chose this place because it was BYOB. Actually, I lied. We had no idea it was BYOB until we walked in because I choose restaurants based exclusively on their yelp photos... But it's BYOB.We ordered the Brussels sprouts appetizer to split across 3 people. It's cheesy, something we didn't expect.They ran out of duck and trout (daily special) so we got pork chops, swordfish, and salmon instead. My boyfriend's cousin said the salmon was a 4.8/5 stars because the feta on top was delicious.My boyfriend said the swordfish was good. I ordered the pork chop and thought it was well cooked and juicy. A little bit oily for my taste, but good nonetheless.The service is very generous and the crowd is very relaxed. I highly recommend everyone to come here!It was very good
5	I've been to Sausalido a few times in the past and always thought it was good but I was never amazed by it.  Nonetheless while I was deciding what to order for my mother's birthday I decided to forgo the normal Mad Mex spread and give their drop-off catering a try.  IT WAS 100% AMAZING!  The food turned out delicious, everyone thought so and we have a lot of picky eaters in my family.  We even had someone with Celiac's and the owner of Sausalido, Nick, was very helpful in making sure that the majority of the food I ordered was gluten free.  This is my new go-to place!!!
4	I had the pleasure of eating at Sausalido during restaurant week. From their pre fix menu, I ordered the Sicilian meatballs, mixed greens salad, and roasted kale risotto. For the amount and quality of food that I got, the $25.14 dinner was definitely worth it. Since Sausalido proclaims itself as an Italian restaurant, I wanted to try their version of a risotto. I do not know if restaurants are starting to this recently, but  I could tell that the rice in the risotto had been par-cooked and then added to the sauce. I do understand that it is time-consuming to make risotto but I was disappointed that an Italian restaurant would take this shortcut. Overall, I would definitely go back to Sausalido and try their other dishes.
3	Okay, for every negative there is a positive with this place. And I put the 'positive' part after 'negative' because it's really not BAD at all. In any sense of the word. I'm always a fan of BYOB places...so there's that.The place is small but the service is very quick and eager (perhaps too much...she checked on us way too much and there was a definite feeling of her trying really hard to come across as super friendly and nice. It kind of felt like she was part of our conversations). It has a friendly atmosphere and a comfortable vibe to it.My boyfriend got the pork chops which I'm never a fan of but it was well prepared and the cabbage/mashed potato bed it was on was delicious. Reminded me of a German eisbein.I got the beet and bleu cheese salad and it was delicious.  Wayyyyyyy too many beets but I love a little beet dish by itself so I'm really not complaining. Really, it's a great salad. I also got the mussel appetizer and they were the biggest mussels I've ever seen. The only negative is that they were extremely gritty and I felt way too many times like I was crunching on sand and I couldn't finish as it was turning my stomach.Side note: they have an interesting dip for their bread...a white bean puree in balsamic vinegar and oil. It would have been better had they 86ed the white bean puree. Just really an addition without adding anything.
4	Been here multiple times and I am a big fan. They offer a variety of italian foods and you cannot go wrong. A must order is the smoked Gouda - MUST! Last trip, I had the new york strip with Kale mashed potatoes. You get a salad with your meal and it is pretty tasty! The owner is great and the service is usually good! However on my last visit, right at closing time the server turned off the music and the lights on full blast. It was very awkward as there was also another table which was large party in the room. They had just cleared our plates too. I have been in the restaurant industry so I know what its like when tables just chill and its closing time but that was not the way to go about it and it was 10 mins past 9:15. I brought 3 friends of mine who had never been there and I felt embarrassed. I won't not come back because of it though (unless happens again :/ ).They also do awesome catering.
5	I went here for my birthday with three friends and Sausalido is amazing! First off, the food is delicious. We had the fried gouda appetizer and the daily risotto, crabcake risotto, and the duck entree. I felt the crabcake risotto was a bit on the creamy side (I personally don't like my food that heavy/creamy) but the taste was good. I think we all overloaded a bit too much on the bread, bean dip, and fried gouda. Get the fried gouda. It's amazing.The best part about our experience was the service. Our waiter was attentive and personable. When we told him it was my birthday he made the appetizer on the house and gave me a free slice of cheesecake. So sweet! Will definitely be coming back :)
5	Wow! Went here for date night and had a fabulous time. Out waiter (Ed? I think) was amazing. He was the perfect mix of present at the right moment, funny, and interested in interacting with us while not feeling intrusive or aloof. We tried a few different dishes. To start we had a reservation so the table was already ready with bread and a white bean dip for when we arrived (nice touch). This was delicious and a great alternative to the basic bread and butter. Then we ordered the cream of mushroom soup and the smoked Gouda appetizer. We were floored! Now the cream of mushroom soup was a misnomer, because there wasn't much cream, though this is not a complaint. The soup was a delicious blend of mushrooms which gave it a delicious richness without the heaviness of cream. As good as the mushroom soup was the Gouda was better. This is one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten. I loved the creaminess of the cheese and the brightness of the vinaigrette. For our entrees I ordered the duck and my husband ordered the ricotta gnocchi. He loved his pasta, though it wasn't really for me (personal preference) and my duck was so delicious! I loved the duck and the sauce, but I couldn't even touch the mashed potatoes after all of the delicious food we had!I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu! BYOB was also a big plus!
5	Great food and great location! The complimentary white bean appetizer is delish and the side salad is also great. My favorite dish is the Crabcakes, best in the city if you ask me.
3	I dined here for the first time about a month ago when I met a friend for an impromptu dinner date.  I'd been wanting to try the food here for quite a long time so when my friend asked where I wanted to eat that night, I suggested that we meet here.  We arrived around 6 PM on a Tuesday evening and the place was completely empty, which made me a little nervous, and overall our visit was mediocre at best.  We were seated near the window, which typically happens when a restaurant is empty - they try to give the appearance of having customers in the restaurant.  Our silverware was dirty and we had to ask for fresh, the waitress explained that the silverware had been set up on Saturday night just before they closed as the reason that the silverware had food particles on it (they are closed on Sundays and Mondays).  I ended up ordering East Coast Caesar with salmon and my friend had the Beets and Bleu salad.  The salads were fine, but really they were just that - "fine" and reminded of countless others that I've over the years at various restaurants around the US and granted, it's "just a Caesar salad" but I've had some spectacular ones and some really awful ones and this fell squarely in the passable but nothing remarkable category.  I do want to give them a second chance and perhaps try and entree the next time as maybe they were having an off night.  I will post an update if I go again, but as for now, my review stands at 3 stars.
4	My husband and I tried out Sausalido as we were searching for a rehearsal dinner spot, and it was solid. Not a terribly interesting menu, but the owner and service were friendly, the food seemed predictably good, and the value was good as well. On the other hand, the interior is slightly dated and our window table in the window was so cold that I had to keep my jacket on.We started our meal with the roasted sprouts - which didn't really taste roasted (outsides weren't caramelized) - but were covered in cheese, so were still pretty good. We had the pork and the steak for our entrees, and while they weren't notably amazing, they were cooked and seasoned well...and the portions were enormous. I'm not sure if we would make Sausalido a destination, but I would eat here again if I'm in the neighborhood and want a nicer meal.
