5	Ive been to my fair share of Starbucks in my life, and I find it a wonder at how they treat there customers. Its awesome to say the least.  This particular Sbux has an awesome crew, and by the time I go to the register they know exactly what I want and always greet me by name.They also have a board that has that weeks drink of choice, either by a customer or a staff member.  That are usually pretty dang awesome.  I usually get my typical Venti iced coffee with 2 pumps of hazlenut.  And its made to perfection everytime.All in all this place is a great place for your caffeine fix.  It also helps that its down the street from work.Go there, or ill punch you in the face.
5	Nice staff, great service.  This Henderson location gave me wonderful service with a smile, possibly better service than my location at home (Kunia).  During this time I was looking for a place to study and do some readings.  This location was the best, especially during the night hours.  Highly recommended.
4	There are two things that a Starbucks needs in order to receive more then a 3 star review...One is a drive-through, and this location has one. The other is friendly staff. And again, this location seems to employee fairly friendly baristas. I was treated kindly, and I noticed the employees greeting other customers that were clearly regulars by name... A nice touch. The seating is quite comfortable as well. If I lived nearby I would probably frequent this Starbucks regularly.
1	Horrible. I get the same drink everytime I go to starbucks and this location is by far the worst. They made my drink horribly and gave me an inedible sandwich by nit listing that it had egg and I am deathly allergic, good thing I checked before I dug in. Huge waste of money. I will NOT be returning
4	There is nothing outstanding from this Starbucks that differentiates it from another great Starbucks. Drive-Thru is speedy, the Barista are friendly, and the beverages are up to Starbucks standards. Inside is moderately sized, and any time I've been in here - the environment has been realitvely quiet. I just wish maybe the music wasn't so loud, but that's easily remedied by headphones!
5	Clean and classy Starbucks location with friendly & efficient employees, convenient drive-thru, plenty of parking, and plenty of seats (indoor and outdoor). Employees: Fast service and friendly. You can tell it's a happy group as they get along well with each other. Lots of smiles.Location: Sits slightly west of the SW corner of St. Rose and Seven Hills. Easy right-turn access for eastbound St. Rose traffic; all other traffic should enter through Horizon Ridge and Seven Hills/Spencer stoplight -- takes a few turns to navigate through the parking lot. Tons of parking--you will never lack for a space as it shares a large parking lot with a Hampton Inn & Suites.Customers: Serves Seven Hills/Anthem and Silverado Ranch communities, which means predominantly affluent  clientele. A few odd characters (as with any Starbucks) -- ran into an extremely pungent gentleman with a plastic broom and a glittery pink backpack on my first visit. Gets slightly busy in the mornings but there are always plenty of seats; nowhere near as busy as the 8975 S. Eastern or 10604 S. Eastern locations that are 1-2 miles away.Amenities: INSIDE -- 10-11 faux-white marble-topped tables (including 1 handicap) with seating for 20-24 (mostly wood with 2 leather chairs and one long high-backed tufted jacquard fabric bench near the baristas) and 4-5 dual electrical sockets. Like all the Starbucks in Las Vegas/Henderson I've visited, the AC is set very low so it's cool-bordering-on-cold inside, even in the summer. Bathrooms are unlocked and fairly clean. OUTSIDE: 8 tables (including 1 handicap) with 16 chairs and 5 patio umbrellas in a partially fenced courtyard.Overall: Love this location. It's fairly quiet (but not so quiet that you're the only one around, which always feels weird to me), and the store is clean and well upkept, the location is easy to get with easy parking, there's plenty of seating and wall plugs, and the staff is very friendly.
3	Slowest. Drive-thru. Ever. Been here 3x, same experience every time.
4	Great service & positive energy with the people who works here.The service is fast and they bring it out to in a jiffy! I always order my drink with soy milk, but sometimes when they forget to use soy milk.  I always throw it away ($5 wasted,i know!) I just feel bad making them make another one, so i never tell them.  But most of the time they get my order right & no complaints there. Perfect location at seven hills since its near home.
5	Super fast, friendly employees, and they never muck up my drink. The best Starbucks around Henderson. If you need a caffeine fix on your way to work, do yourself a favor and stop here.
4	No matter what time of day it is...the staff is always cheerful and ready to help you! Great team!
5	My favorite Starbucks anywhere! Friendly and efficient baristas. Kay is a sweetheart. James always greets me by name and knows I need my hot Americana fast :)
3	I'm a Starbucks freak. I absolutely love it and I loved it for years. However, I'm not starting to love the weights and how busy they get. This Starbucks on Saint Rose parkway has great customer service. Everyone is extremely friendly and they seem to memorize your drinks. However, the wait is so stinking long it's annoying. As friendly as the staff is you would think that they would be faster. They take so long in the drive-through you need literally wait 20 to 30 minutes to get to drink.  So if you are in a rush to go to work definitely don't drive through at 7,8, or 9  in the morning. And good luck going inside you're still gonna wait a good 15 minutes. You see, the problem is they're too busy being friendly talking and chatting than worrying about their speed for producing coffee. The baristas waste a lot of time laughing and chitchatting with customers which on one hand is wonderful, but on the other hand it's horrible when you're in a time crunch. So as much as I would love to give the Starbucks five stars too many circumstances oppose my gut feeling. So unfortunately three stars it is!
1	So confused by the good rating for this Starbucks. If you are in no rush at all then go here. Spent 25 minutes in the drive through and 10 minutes in line on two different occasions. I keep telling myself that they deserve another chance but it is just coffee. They have no sense Of urgency at this location. Go to the Starbucks on 215 and eastern.
1	Slowest Starbucks in town...poor  management.  Employees excel on talking with their friends and not the customers so service suffers...
2	I work about a mile from here, and as a result of my coffee addiction, I am a pretty regular customer. Yes, I agree with previous reviewers that complain about the wait time. It seems pretty slow. However, my biggest complaint is that about 50% of the time...they get my drink wrong. Here is what I order, and exactly how I say it:  "I'd like a venti, iced, sugar free vanilla latte, with 2%milk, well stirred please."  (Yes I even always say please). And I always, always tip the baristas. (I have literally borrowed cash from a coworker before because while I had $$ on my app, I didn't have cash on me for a tip).When my drink is handed to me and it seems too dark, I know they've put in nonfat milk. Yes I know I could stand to lose a few pounds, but I just don't like nonfat milk in my iced coffee.   I tell them it doesn't look right and they'll swear its 2%. Only when I practically force them to check with who made it that they find out that I'm right. Hey, I get this drink 4-5 times a week and know what it looks and tastes like. The other thing that bothers me is that when I order it, I get lectured that I really don't have to mention that I want 2% since it's their standard milk. Really??? Then why is my drink wrong so many times?I love me some Starbucks and since I work so close of course I'll be back but I wish I didn't have to struggle so much to get the correct drink.
2	By far the slowest Starbucks ever. The drive through is unbelievable! Nice people just amazingly slow. The one on Maryland and Silverado Ranch is quick and although it doesn't have a drive through and  is out of my way to work, it's faster to go in there than wait here!
2	This Starbucks is super slow and the drive thru takes forever and is super annoying. I waited in a line of only four cars and waited 28 mins to get my drink which is ridiculous. I was super annoyed and they don't even seem like they cared. I stop coming here because of that and am much happier now that I go to a different Starbucks, I would rather drive out of my way for amazing customer service.
2	Coffee tastes great, but takes forever in the drive thru!!!!! Sitting here for just under 30 min already, just ordered at speaker. Still waiting to get my drink. WOW
2	Super slow drive thru been waiting so far for 20 mins and still my coffee isn't ready.
1	This place is so slow.  30 minutes in drive thru.  Cashier very rude.  Never will go back.
1	I was thirty minutes early for work as I decided I would get a Starbucks before going in. There was about 9 cars in line... So nothing too crazy.... It's now been 25 minutes, and there's still about 5 cars ahead of me. There is NO reason it should take this long to get a freaking coffee.. Most ridiculous thing I've ever seen. I'm now late for work..
1	The past three times I have gone here to get my coffee and they have managed to mess up my order each time they forget to put soy milk in a soy milk drink or they give me the wrong size or they switch my sizes between my two drinks. They need to remember what people say to them
3	Our neighborhood coffee house....  Perfect with the drive thru window too!  Nice staff and always clean. My only concern is they are so popular, they tend to run out of items!!!!  Stock up, specially during the holidays
3	I love my coffee but I HATE the wait here. Inside or the drive-thru, it seems like the baristas take their sweet time & don't care that some of us have been waiting 15-20 min in the lines. MAKE IT SNAPPY! ;]
5	All Starbucks are not created equal. Yes this one gets busy and the drive thru wait can be long. BUT they're nice here. Most of the staff is on point. Mandy helped me perfect my Java Chip Frappucino by suggesting extra frappucino roast instead of the add shot of espresso that I had been accustomed to. She's always friendly and efficient, making it a point to learn my name. Maybe those things don't matter so much to the average person, but to me, it's rare and important. Good job :)
4	I like visiting this location when i am in this area, the staff is friendly and when they make an error they appologize for their mistake. i love they greet you when you come and thank you for stopping in. Other starbucks could learn from this locations and they amazing customer service. The location is always clean and it has a chill atmosphere. I would recommed this place to anyone that wants a nice place to sip coffee and read a book or do some homework. My favorite drink is the cinnamon dolce latte with white mocha soy milk and whipped cream over ice.
1	It's the s l o w e s t  Starbucks in town. I swear it's painful! Nice and polite people but god-awful slow. I could write a book while I sit here at the drive through. Go to the one on Maryland and Silverado Ranch, no drive through but it will be soooo much faster you'll think you drove through...still waiting.....it's not even coffee-rush hour! It's like 4 pm!
5	This location isn't exactly "on my way" but I come here anyways on my way to work because it is a very convenient location. The baristas are helpful and extremely nice! And friendly. I have never had an issue with my orders and they always seem to be stocked up with everything. Naturally the lines are long in the morning bout it's not nearly the wait you would think.
3	Slow service, the one on Horizon Ridge/Eastern is much better. They often mess up my order, too. They have a drive -thru though so I come here when I have my dog in the car.
3	This is the slowest Starbucks in the country.  Every time I come here The service is ridiculously slow. I just spent 21 minutes in the drive-through. At noon. Don't bother coming during rush-hour unless you have the day off of work or no job. They do open at 4 AM so that's a bonus for me.
