4	Yay finally one in my neck of the woods I am happy! I was like a kid in a candy store, a great new place to buy my Metro Mint water and KEGS all while earning points!! They did not have creme brulee cigars ='( but I imagine this is as close to an alcoholics dream as you could get. I cant wait to buy a giant bottle of Patron for decoration. Pinch me!!
5	Oh man this place is awesome!! I walked out with a very heavy box of booze for $85.Bleu cheese stuffed olives, Gibson onions, Stoli, giant bottle of Bombay Sapphire, Vermouth, six-pack of Stella, Three Philosophers beer, cheap shiraz. Wal-Mart is to white-trash as Bevmo is to Nathan "Bear Hands" S.The staff was super helpful-friendly. The girl at the counter even gave me an extra $10 discount. Jesi thinks it is because I signed up for their discount card; I think it is because I am super cute. Either way, if anyone wants to know where to Christmas shop for me...
4	One of the smaller BevMo stores in the valley, and parking isn't so great at this location.  Normally I don't complain about this for liquor but when you're carrying a case it can be a pain.Selection is somewhat diminished compard to other locations.  Service was a little sketchy sometimes, normally from the Millennial aged young adults there.
4	I am a cider drinker and they have a nice selection to choose from.  However, they are sold out of the Wyder's Pear Cider often, which is my favorite!
5	Every time I pop into this BevMo location, I always get what I need for a decent price.  I tend to visit this BevMo location once or twice a month.  The staff is extremely available, knowledgeable, and approachable.  If they are out of what I am looking for they always have a great suggestion for something new to try and everything is always priced reasonable.
5	An alcoholic's blissful 7th heaven.Cheap liquor, cheap wine, cheap and cold beer... it's great.The only thing is that I kind of wish there were more beer tastings.
4	only one thing would make this place better. if they didn't close at 9PM.
4	the only two things that would make this place better is if they stayed open past 9pm and if I did not have to get my beer from the back of the cooler. they load the coolers from the front so you always get warm beer.
4	Love this place. alough they need to stay open later and stock beer from the rear of cooler so you alwasy get cold beer.
4	I love BevMo for the vast selection, but I don't go here unless I'm specifically looking for something they don't carry in the grocery stores because I typically find Albertson's/Safeway/Fry's prices to be cheaper, at least for common wines.  The staff here is awesome and I love wandering through the aisles looking for weird stuff I've never seen before, but if you're in need of a case of Stella and a bottle of Toasted Head, the grocery store will do just fine!
2	The now only price match total wine. BUNK!! all drive the extra 200 yards to get my poison at DANNY'S FAMILY CAR WASH thank you!
4	Great selection and VERY helpful staff.  I was unable to find the wine I wanted on their website so I could order it by the case, and an employee went out of his way to go to the website, find it and print out the skew number for me for future use.
5	What a wonderful store! It goes without saying that their collection is amazing but then again, anybody could have a good stock of wine and spirits. What I like the most about going to BevMo! Is the very helpful and cheerful staff. I have never been in there when I was not greeted and asked if I needed help. But in retail there is a fine line between "helpful" and "pushy" - they must go through training in order to recognize a certain look on your face to know when you actually need help.
3	BevMo was my first love, but my heart belongs to Total Wine now.  If this is your area, then BevMo will do you just fine.  But I find the selection, prices, and customer service to be much better at TW.
5	BEVMO!  Back home on the east coast we have no such thing.  We have Total Wine, which I thought was great, but now......I'm a BEVMO man.This place is like an adult candy store. (NOT like Castle, different kind of adult candy haha)Keep an eye out for the cheap deals they do, buy one get one for a nickle anyone?  They've got a great selection of not only wine but beers.  I've found some beers here that I haven't been able to find anywhere else short of ordering it over the internet.Great customer service too!
4	I have been coming to this location for quite some time. The selections are always on point and sometimes, if you are not really looking, you will stumble upon a few that have been marked down... way down. I was here a few weeks ago picking up a half a case of wine that my sister ordered for me all the way from MO. She ordered my favorite, which is the Callaway Cab however when I went to pick it up, they were all out and didn't know it. They thought they had it in as it was listed on their website, but to there surprise it was no where to be found. So they offered me six bottles of a wine that was comparable ( Unruly Red) but I declined as the Callaway Cab is my favorite. The manager insisted that I take a bottle of the Unruly Red home to try for free as he didn't want me to be without any wine on my birthday. How sweet was that?  So you see why I keep coming back to this location?I just ordered another few bottles since their five cent sales ends this coming  Monday. Oh you don't know what that is? It is buy one bottle of wine and get the same bottle for five cents. Yea you can't beat that. It happens about twice a year and it is a great way to stock up on your favorite wines, or even try a few. I do wish that they would let you buy one get one that is equal or lesser value of another for five cents so that you are able to try a few more, but hey it s ok. It won't stop me from stocking up on my favorites. Hmm I hope they really do have mine in stock... YIKES!
4	BevMo is almost always a solid place. This location is just like all the others I've been to - large, clean, open, bright, with friendly staff who want to help you get what you crave. The wine selection is great, and the staff are good at making recommendations based on what you are eating, as well as respecting your pocketbook. The beer choices are equally solid, with anything from your basic Miller Lite to your $10+ bottles of craft deliciousness. The cheeses and snacks are equally nice (especially the cheeses), and they have tons of mixers, bitters, etc. to help you create great drinks.
4	Gotta get the Whiskey! Love Bev Mo helpful people!
1	NEVER Buy a Keg from this store. A month ago I purchase a new kegerator from Amazon and decided to order a local craft brew keg from Bevmo. I called ahead and made sure they had the keg in stock before I went over.Went in after work and picked up the keg, a gentleman brought it from the back and I didn't think twice about the keg because I was excited just to have my own keg. I get the keg home and start adjusting the CO2 and I fully realized I would have some waste due to the fact that you need to get the pressure right.Funny thing is after 2 or 3 pitchers the beer was really foamy and tasted really flat, weird I thought since the CO2 was running. I stopped to look at the paper ring around the top of the keg and it said "Best Before July 2012" this was the beginning of October 2012.THEY SOLD ME A KEG THAT WAS ALMOST 90 DAYS PAST THE LAST DATE TO DRINK!! This keg should have been sold in the late spring.I called the store and talked to the Keg Manager and at no point in this process did anyone at Bevmo ever take responsibility for the error. They blamed the distributor that rotates the stock. What about the person that checked the stock & reserved the keg? What about the kid that brought the keg to the register?Reluctantly they agreed to replace the keg and when I went to the store they didn't have the replacement of Oak Creek Ale but instead offered me Fat Tire which was a similar replacement. I never received any type of discount for my time and the hassle. And really only got the "Gee we're really sorry this happened" but it was pretty hollow.Bottom line is, take your business to a grocery store or Total Wine and More.
3	Bev-mo is clean and well stocked, but they pale in comparison to Total Wine.  I still go here because it's a more convenient location than Total Wine, but always find the price is just a little higher and there's less stock since the stores are smaller.  My review rating is comparative to Total Wine, but if you're not near one of those, Bev-mo is a decent alternative.
4	Service is always helpful and they price match!
4	BEV MO is full of helpful employees always willing to answer questions!
4	In Chicago, we have Binny's - but BevMo's has deals like getting a second bottle for like $5! They also have this Coyote Gold Frozen Margarita in the form of a popsicle stick! Talk about the perfect kid-like treat for adults. I actually need to contact my friend about buying them and shipping them to me. The cashier was friendly and helpful, and we certainly appreciated her recommendation and help to make sure we got our discount.
4	Five cent bottles of wine somehow taste better. I don't have scientific proof, but I *have* done extensive research. A friend and I came up to NoPho specifically for this wine sale. Not because we're winos or anything. Eh, who am I kidding? Yes, it's exactly because we're winos. Their selection is mind-blowing. However, I'm not a member and had to us my friend's phone number to get the discount; they didn't even offer to have me join. Perhaps I'm not member-worthy? :sad face:
5	I lived in AZ for a few years and, this was my go to beverage spot.  They have everything from rare sodas to vintage wines.  Friday evenings are great because there is usually a free tasting going on!  The service was great!  The staff is very knowledgeable, quick and spot on with suggestions!  They also price match!  I'd have to say I miss this place!
5	They sell WINE!!!!!!!!! Need I say more?  And beer, I like beer too. I am enjoying the wine I purchased today as I type this review.  Also, their staff is friendly and helpful.
3	I still don't like BevMo as much as Total Wine, but I couldnt resist picking up a $44 bottle of Laphroaig for an upcoming vacation. I didn't think I'd make it to a Total Wine, but I did later and saw they had it for $40. Oh well.Also pretty funny that the guy at BevMo didn't have a clue what the tax rate was. He thought it was almost 10%, and I found out later it's 8.3%.
4	Clean store,  fair prices.  Only wish is that the draft area would be manned during peak areas so I don't have to find someone to fill my growler.
2	I went here before going to Total Wine and ended up not liking it at all.  And I've been here a few times since finding Total Wine but I've never bought a single thing.  I find they never have anything I'm looking for and even some of their own workers have suggested I go to Total Wine.  The few things they do have seem to be overpriced and I feel like they have a better selection of wine glasses, corks, etc, then they do actual drink selections.Not really a place for me.  Just skip over this place and go for Total Wine, it will save you time, gas, money to just avoid BevMo all together.
4	This store is very clean and organized. The cashier was pretty nice. Not as big of a selection in the craft beer department as Total Wine.
4	This Bevmo seems  a little smaller than some of the others, but they still manage to have a decent selection of craft beers.  I like that they have a growler station that has a good variety of brews.  Growler fills are quite affordable as well.
3	They need a separate area for people that are purchasing kegs. To stand in line twice because they have to check it in then go back pick the keg and stand in line again, is frustrating. The manager at this location is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.
