1	I'm not quite sure of the name since they don't have a name on the building but its next to Harris Grill. They have posters that say "The Ave" and the checks they give out say "Stacked II". Went here during Equality on Ellsworth and aside from the worst service I ever had I would say the waitress sent a clear message that she was not interested in serving more than 1 table to become known as the "Flirt Table".  Never felt the need not to leave a tip but this was definitely my first experience where I did not leave one. We sat at a table outside to what we thought would be a great experience at a new place. The service or lack there of got worse the longer we stayed and the waitress was not shy about her dislike of us being there. 1) we politely flagged her down after she did not acknowledge us as she passed by our table more than a dozen times to give all of her attention and flirt with a table of gents (no biggie, flirt away, just don't ignore and be rude to all your other tables). 2) As it began to rain we rushed inside and grabbed a table. As we were walking in our waitress got to it before us and tried to save it for her "Flirt Table". She was irritated that we took the table before she could get the attention of the "Flirt Table" to get them inside. She abruptly moved away and did not ask if we needed anything. 3). After getting her "Flirt Table" inside and flirted and ignored the other tables some more she asked if we needed anything with as much disgust as I think I have seen a waitress or waiter able to muster. 4) Lastly, and my favorite part, her quickly bringing us our check. After dropping it off she showed up two minutes later and again as Pleasant as she was asked if it was all set despite us still having a pitcher of beer left.
5	This is a great new place. Used to be the shadyside saloon & it was a total dump. They remodeled & added a full kitchen. It's all brand new & has that really clean feeling about it. Also have great specials. Half off drinks & beers for happy hour. You really can't beat a strong Ketel & soda for $3.  Or a pint of Guinness for $2.50. They have all kinds of great deals. The service was very good. & everything I've tried off the menu was delicious. I will definitely be back.
4	A few months ago some coworkers and I decided to check this place out after work. We've stopped in several times since, and I've always had a good experience. On most occasions we have gotten drinks and wings. During happy hour all drafts (possibly all drinks!?) are half off. We have always had the same two bartenders take care of us, and they have both been really friendly.I've had the wings a few times and they have been consistently good. Perfectly cooked and the Ave is generous with sauce, which I appreciate. There is nothing worse than wings with no sauce. Not a bad spot overall. Friendly people, decent prices, and a good addition to the Ellsworth bars.
4	The Ave is kind of hit and miss.  I think you have to be in the right mood.  The cheese steaks are good, though I'm admittedly not a Philadelphian.  The outdoor seating is great.  I think Harris has the best with their patio, but The Ave is nice and large.
5	The ave is the shit I almost go every night bartenders are great atmosphere is excellent
2	I'm having a hard time deciding whether to give it a 2 or a 3. I gave Stack'd a 4, and Stack'd is tied for my favorite place around Walnut Street (I only give 5's to fancy places with food that I'll never forget). So I really don't feel like giving this place only one point below Stack'd.I went to Stack'd yesterday for the Tuesday burger special and they had these fliers that said The Ave has Wednesday burger specials, so I thought I'd try it out. It's 3.5 dollars for a burger and a bunch of fries. That's awesome, right?Turns out, I'm having a very hard time believing that this place has the same owner as Stack'd. Stack'd makes great burgers, and considering that they're only 3 dollars on Tuesdays, it's really awesome. Burgers here are totally different, they taste completely different and overly salty. Also, I just realized today that yes, people can mess up fries.So in terms of food quality, it's really meh. But maybe it's just this one burger and fries that they don't do well.Most of the reviews here are talking about cheesesteaks, but they deleted that from the menu completely. They switched from making custom cheesesteaks to burgers and sandwiches some time ago because as they said, their cheesesteaks weren't selling that good. I've never got a chance to get their cheesesteaks, but I really feel that it was a bad choice. Pittsburgh doesn't have a lot of cheesesteak places, and there definitely ain't any good places around. They would have easily created a monopoly if they just waited some time for the reputation to start spreading.Also, I had a very long wait for my burger today. This place is half empty, even on its half price burger night. I really didn't have a lot of competition in waiting for my food, but it took around 40 minutes. Usually Stack'd takes less than 10 minutes when there are this many people in the bar. This is almost the waiting time for Stack'd at its Tuesday peak.I'm only debating giving this place a 3 because I like the atmosphere (which is pretty much a duplicate of Stack'd). They have TVs everywhere possible and that's awesome. I love watching 5 sports shows at once, but I don't think I'll be back, even on Wednesdays.
4	I came here the other night with my two friends for the first time. It was about 11:30 at night on a friday and we were trying to find a place that was not too crowded, but not sketchy looking. My one guy friend also wanted food. So with all those criteria we found The Ave on Ellsworth. It was busy at the bar area, but there were some open high top tables right in front of the bar so we decided to sit there. I went up to bar and was able to get the bartenders attention pretty quickly, which was nice. We ordered a few rounds of drinks and my friends got the boneless chicken fingers with different sauces. All the drinks tasted pretty good and the food was not as bad as I thought it was going o be since we were are a bar. The bill also was not too high for all the food, drinks, and shots that were ordered, which made it even nicer. I would certainly come back again and see if maybe this can be our new regular place to go on the weekends.
