4	1st to review? How?. This is one of Las Vegas' oldest 50's diners. It's real shabby looking on the outside in a little strip mall off Pecos/McLeod and E Desert Inn Rd.On one side of the building & the sign board it says Omelet House and on the Front & the menu it is a 50's Diner.It's exactly the same menu as the S Jones locationhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/50s-diner-las-vegasThis place has all the standard 50's decor with a few boothes on the walls and old rock n rollmemorabilia, betty boop and the likes , a small counter and a soda fountain BUT------- NO music,NO jukebox and NO cute uniforms. :(BUT the food is good, the service is friendly & efficeint and the prices are really cheap. Several breakfast specials for $3.99!! :)We always enjoy the breakfast especially the potatoes (pictured) however they have some incredible sandwiches as well.If your looking for a good breakfast spot on the East side. You found it!! :)
5	Classic 50's diner look and feel. Great Cheap menu, good food,good coffee,good shakes  and friendly service.What more can you ask for? If you are looking for a great breakfast spot-check it out, you won't regret it.
3	This should really be more of a 3.5, but I'm not in the mood to round up. IMPLEMENT HALF STAR RATINGS, YELP!!!!!As Scott said, this place is really shabby looking on the outside. It also has really poor hours. They're labeled as closing at 3, but often I've seen them closed at 1 or 2pm. I've kind of wanted to try this place for a couple months, but have never found them open when I want breakfast type food. As with any breakfast place, I order the Chicken Fried Steak. CFS is how I gauge a restaurant's breakfast. Screw it up, and I'll never return. This place was pretty average for it. The meat was ok, but it was a really really thin cut of meat. The CFS they serve at Blueberry Hill is much better, in my opinion. The potato chip/slice style side was really good. The eggs were a bit rubbery, though they did do a good job of the over-easy aspect of it. (gotta have my yolk to dip toast in)We had a sundae afterward. Sadly, the ice cream (even though they have a little ice cream parlor in the place) was a bit freezer burned. For some reason, their chocolate syrup tasted heavily of vanilla. Not really sure what's going on there.The service was nice, but a few times, my friend and I were waiting for refills or service in general. The check was dropped after we ate the breakfast portion, and we weren't asked if we wanted anything else. It's not like it was busy either.All in all, I might return, but I really prefer Blueberry Hill.
1	Well when I first walked in I liked the decorations made me feel like I went back in time. But the longer I sat at the table looking around the place I started noticing how dirty things were in this place. We sat at the table about 15 to 20 min before our server finally came and took our order. When the food finally came I was not impressed with it at all standard boring food. After I got home my tummy started to hurt come to find out I got food poisoning from this place I would never ever go here again and never ever recommend it.
4	I've have eaten here probably 40 times as it's right by the house and when we wake up and don't want to cook it's Popeye omelet time!  They make a good one and the potatoes that come with it are good.  The fresh, hot banana bread will keep you coming back.
5	Nothing fancy...good omlet, very reasonable prices.I have only been once...willing to try it again.Went back....everything was satisfactory.Nice.Service is excellent...very friendly.
1	This place does not even deserve a star.  The food made me like immedietly sick, couldn't make it to the bathroom fast enough.  I ordered bacon and eggs (over medium) with hash browns.  They brought my eggs cooked hard, with both yolks broken and potato chips.  I received my wheat toast (not kidding) 10 minutes later.  The place was filthy, the ceiling was crusted in grease, they don't seem to have ever changed those ceiling tiles.  The windows appear to have neve been cleaned, and the floors, lets just say a mud floor is cleaner.  I will NEVER go back there again, it wasn't worth the runs!
3	I thought this place was called 50's Diner..anyhow a local suggested this place to us and we had a burger & fries...pretty good i must say...kinda tasted like in n out burger but alot bigger and thicker..also had the french dip which was also tasty..
1	Having been a long time regular of the 50's Diner on E Desert Inn Road, I returned after a three year absence from Las Vegas. On 8/21/11, my wife and I decided on breakfast at the Diner, sadly it was a big mistake. The eggs and potatoes were dripping  with what  tasted like week old oils. My wifes Popeye was horrible. We should have known better when we were told they have no real butter.  Our meals were about 5 minutes apart and service was just ok. The place needs a good cleaning. Used to be a great place to go to, what happened? Would I go back, not a chance!!!!
3	It was a little hard to find because there wasn't a sign on the front of the building. I ended up driving past it and saw the sign on the back side of the building.I bought the BBC Omelet (Bacon, Broccoli, & Cheese) which came served with potato slices and two pieces of toast. The small should be sufficient for someone looking for breakfast and the large would probably be best for a filling meal.The omelet looked cheap but was very satisfying in flavor. No complaints.The potato slices were a little overcooked but didn't give off a burnt flavor so not too bad imo.One slice of toast was good and the other was a little burnt.The restaurant looked like it could hold about 70 people. There were only about 10 people in when I went. It also had a free book exchange (or at least that's what I'm assuming it was), so you can bring in a book that you finished reading and pick up a different one. They're only open from 7am to 3pm.Overall, I'd say you get what you pay for. If you're looking for an exquisite breakfast, this is not the place to go to, however, if you're looking for something quick and cheap, then you'd regret not trying out this place.
4	Ok, this place is a mix of food.  It truly is an omelet house with an amazing selection of great omelets!   But, the hamburgers and fries are great too!  Chicken fingers are hugh but average.  BUT it is the Malts I go for!!  They are the best in town!
3	The place could definitely use a good scrubbing.  I went in around noon and the place was pretty busy.  It is in an ugly strip mall and not very visible.   Would have liked to sit at the counter (it's a diner, right?) but the counter was muddles up with waitress side work items (pitchers of salt, sugar packets, etc.) and I kid you not.. a book exchange.(Seriously??)  The service was fast, I opted for the hash browns instead of the seasoned potato chip type "spuds" and they were cold.  The sausage patty and egg were fine... nothing great.  Would not go out of my way to return, the place is too cluttered and dirty
5	Excellent breakfast place with large portions and reasonable prices.  Family owned and operated and they always make you feel welcome.  Overall a great place to start the day.
2	Pass. Not the best breakfast or lunch place, by the way they are only open until 3 PM. This "50's style" Omelet House is located in a skeezy kind of strip mall on the East side of town off of Desert Inn. My husband and I have driven by it countless times and once we tried to stop and eat here one evening, but then realized it closed at 3 PM. We kept saying we'd go back and try it, so we did when my in-laws were in town.The diner itself is run-down. Seats and tables look worn, so does the floor. Their menus are terrible! I mean they're floppy pieces of decaying crap honestly. Seriously, get new menus. The omelet selection I must admit IS extensive. I believe there were about 30 different omelets to choose from? My husband had an omelet though, the "Pigskin" and he was not impressed. He said it tasted like fake eggs! I had the cheeseburger with french fries (you can decide between salad, soup, or fries). I thought the burger was nothing special. I asked for grilled onions and they were on the burnt - not grilled - side. My father-in-law got the club sandwich, he didn't say much about it. My mother-in-law got the turkey/guac sandwich. She said the guac had a weird flavor to it (but not spicy). She also had the mushroom soup, which is homemade, she said it was very good. The one thing that is redeeming is the fact that the waitress was really, really nice. She gave us samples of their fried potato slices AND got my mother-in-law a sample of the guac before she ordered the sandwich. She was also quick to pick up plates, ask us how everything was.But... I doubt I will return. My husband was really not impressed, neither was I.
4	Staff is the frendliest in town.  Food is good.  The kitchen in clean.
4	Cute, good food, and cheap prices. Its nice to eat off the Strip sometimes. :o)
4	Great food. Big menu with lots of omelette options. 50s diner atmosphere. Very clean with great service. Loved supporting this small, family owned local business.
5	The omlets awesome. Coffee is the best tasting I have had at a breakfast place and my fiance loves the hot chocolate. The staff is very friendly and is quick on the refills.
3	I ordered a cheese omelet and iced tea. I received very friendly service. This location was very busy during this visit. 3 stars for warm and friendly service. The food was ok,but had to be sent back because of under-cooked eggs. I would recommend some detailed cleaning of this location.
4	Great food, great service. Great environment. How can you ask for more. prices very fair. Really enjoyed our visit. Will be back
5	If a pic says 1000 words then I have submitted several thousand. Pics explain everything. Received superfast service while sitting on the barstools. Excellente!
5	Came here with the family the 5 of us had a huge breakfast really enjoyed have they didn't spare any chorizo awesome food awesome service.
