5	Great source for vaping, walked in based on a recommendation today, Taylor the owner was very helpful, i'm new to the vaping thing, and had many questions, he took his time & went over everything with me.I got to try out many different flavors & devices till i found one that suited my needs & price range, Taylor didn't try to upsell me or pressure me into buying anything, he was informative & guided me towards the best product for me.Overall all A+ experience here, i wont be using any other shops for my vaping needs, good luck with the business, from what i've seen, i'm very impressed. Thanks
5	This place is just TOP NOTCH!!!! I came in to the store and had NO clue about vaping and the owner, Taylor, helped me get started on my Ego C Twist kit and great juices that they have! I got Peppermint Bark flavor and Chocolate Chip Mint and they are amazing!!!! I will only go to Pro Source Vapes from now on! Check out the FB Page with all new stuff all the time!
5	I know absolutely nothing about E-cigs or Mods. I thought I hit the jack pot with an Ego-T I had. The owner Taylor took the time to show me and teach me the basics. He put together an awesome Mod for me and the Liquid they make in house is awesome! I definitely recommend this shop.
4	I stopped by just to check out the selection.  My wife, kids and I were visiting the Scottsdale area on vacation from California where vape shops are far more common.  The guy that helped me was very knowledgeable (he may have been the owner) and really knew his stuff.  Juice selection was decent, ample stock of both authentic and clone mods, and he was very open to letting me sample some stock that he just got in. He actually un-boxed it in front of me.  Bottom line, great shop and next time I'm in the area I know where to go if I need something!
5	This is my new favorite shop by far!  Huge selection of quality clones, and a good number of authentics,  Not overly pricey, and a generally cool ambience.  Taylor was a cool guy, and on subsequent returns the other guys working there proved to be equally knowledgable and friendly.  Juice selection was great because they have stuff you don't see in other shops, like bamskillicious, and Dr. Mike's.  Very good experience each time i have been there and would recommend this place to anybody who vapes.  Possibly not the best for the brand newbie, someone who has never vaped before at all, but definitely intermediate to advanced.  Very awesome shop, worth the drive from wherever you are coming in the valley.
2	Aside from their good selection of juice, I don't usually like to go here. They are extremely rude and don't really pay attention to the average customer. They normally will just ignore non regulars who come in the store and won't even spit out a simple hello. There are many other shops you can go to in the area with a better atmosphere and better customer service.
5	Awesome place to go for your vaping needs.  Everyone there is knowledgeable and their recommendations for certain products are spot on.  Reasonable pricing and really cool people.
