5	Cool Karaoke bar with familiar faces on Friday nights.
4	Mulligans is my main Monday night squeeze. They host a weekly comedy open mic every Monday at 10PMish that I've been frequenting since December of last year, when my "comedy thang" began -- I go to comedy open mics at least twice a week, if not more. I don't even perform, I just like going. Some of the comedians are cool people, and some of them are good comedians ;) But it's always a good time.It's one of those bars where the employees hang out there on their days off. ALWAYS a good sign. Happy employees make happy customers. On top of comedy, they also host karaoke on weekends and have a gang of regulars who come out. It's almost like Cheers - very nice bartenders. Although some of them can be a bit absent minded at times and you may have to flag them down for a drink, they'll be smiling when they get to you. I'm assuming it's a friendly smile and not a "mwahaha I made you wait" smirk, but who really knows - or even cares when they have good, cheap drinks. They lose one star because their kitchen closes early, around 10pm. :( We're spoiled when it comes to Las Vegas bar food - I get that. But with pubs like PT's and The Lodge in the area that have 24 hour kitchens, Mulligan's should at least consider that on nights they have events like comedy, they'd benefit from keeping it open until at least midnight or one.Check it out if you're in the area on a Monday, or Friday/Saturday night :) Be prepared for good times and leave your frown at home!
4	Mulligans is Iceacholics spot every Wednesday nights. To be honest not the food come for every week but hanging out with the boys and two of the coolest bartenders EVER Heather and Ron. They do close the kitchen down early so by the time we get there too late. The inside really nothing much there couple bar games dartboard or boxing punching game. They do have karoake nights and comedy nights certain days of the week. Small bar nothing special but the people that work there make it special. SHOUT out too Heather and Ron. If your looking for little dive bar have some drinks with friends in the area. Great choice! =)))
4	My girl and I headed here to enjoy a mellow night out while visiting in Vegas.  I was weary when I saw the karaoke set, lifting an eyebrow and giving my friend a sideways look.  Then the music started in, as what I thought was the juke box.  NO WAAAY, that guy is singing live?!?  There were a few bad apples, but for the most part it was truly entertaining.  Bartender needed a little teaching on how to make a manhattan (guess no one orders them in Vegas, he had never made one!) but all in all a good place.  The second bartender made a nice old fashioned...yes I was in a classic and classy whiskey girl mode.  I loooove the old airplane them to bar, fun and playful decor!  I would visit again for a mellow non strip kinda night.
4	Great prices, good food! If you're in the area stop by. You'll be pleasantly surprised!
3	My Wednesday night hockey team's go-to dive bar after games. At Mulligans Landing we conduct our post-game interviews, meet and greets with fans, autograph signings, etc. In all seriousness, this place is a dive bar, but it is one that we hold close to heart. It's not a fancy bar. It could use a good cleaning, but the customer service is spectacular.
5	Bartender is Awesome. Had a Jack and coke and two fruity concoctions. Came on a Tuesday night to watch DJ MikeLuie IN THA BUILDING !!! Great hip hop/rap performances throughout the night.  FB- Mike djmikeluieinthabuildin Luie
3	Wow, talk about a dive bar! I usually hang out in nicer places. It took forever to get drinks & they had a good crowd but weren't crazy busy. However, the bartenders poured my drinks with a heavy hand & they were dirt cheap, so I can't complain!  Interesting people watching here, especially since it was karaoke night.  This is not where the pretty people in Vegas hangout! Lol!
5	The place is fun. Great Bartenders and fun times with Karaoke on Tues, Fri and Sat. Definitely a place to relax and have fun.
