3	Squirrel Hill has plenty of coffee places as it is, but Crazy Mocha's a welcome new addition in my book.  The atmosphere is bright.  There's plenty of seating and it's well-spaced, so you don't need to worry about bumping into other people's table and chairs.  Laptop users can rejoice, because it looks like there are plenty of outlets here.  There's also a large garage-style window that's open during good weather.At first I thought that the price of a slice of cake ($5.25) was a bit steep for a place that isn't a full-service restaurant, considering that the slice wasn't huge.  My slice of chocolate eruption cake may not have looked like much, but the chocolate mousse in it was really rich and dense.  I may have eaten too quickly, because halfway in, I was experiencing the beginnings of a sugar headache.  It was worth the headache--but take it from me, take your time eating.The service here is friendly, but since this location just opened this past weekend, it's clear that they're still working on employee training.  There was some confusion on how to ring up my order, and afterwards I had to remind the person helping me what my order was when he was going to get it ready.  I'm sure things will go more smoothly and quickly as the staff gets settled.
4	With lots of light and tables, this is good place to work or socialize with friends.  The staff is welcoming and prompt with filling orders.  My mango smoothie tasted more creamy than fruity, but it was still tasty.  Other drinks here are good, too.  Oh, the baked goods.  I'm pretty sure this place sells the largest cookies in Pittsburgh.  They're roughly, I'd say, six inches in diameter?  They're (almost) as big as a person's face.  I've bought cookies half the size for the same price at other shops.  So much sugar.  But it's happy sugar.
3	I'm a little surprised at the number of Crazy Mocha franchise locations in this city.  It's a nice place, but nothing special.  Postives: The Murray spot has lots going for it like big space with lots of tables, prime location, and free internet.  Also a nice selection of teas.  Negatives: I personally have had problems connecting with the network there, but no one else seems to (at least PC users don't seem to), so I won't generalize too much.  I can't imagine their espresso-based drinks or their brewed coffee could be that good just based on the machines they're using and their brewing technique--but, I don't know for sure.  Lastly, I've found their baristas to be always bored and dispassionate.  Not what I want to encounter at a coffee shop.Overall, A-OK.
1	I would recommend going to 61c, Areefa's or Coffee Tree Roasters if you're in Squirrel Hill. All of these locations have better tasting coffee and atmosphere.
4	I've been obsessed with 61c for years, and always reluctant to try anything else, but today something struck me and I decided to branch out. I'm in LOVE with Crazy Mocha. Their drinks are hot and delicious, and they have wonderful pastries.I'm pleasantly surprised by the number of tables and outlets, along with the fact that it is such an open space. I'll definitely be back!
3	I wondered in here while walking around Squirel Hill today and was in major need of a hot beverage with the flurries going on (I'm from Charlotte and not too used to it). As Oday said, nice place but nothing special.There's lots of light and area in this place and the view at the counter is great for the people watching purposes alone, The one guy working at this place was pleasant, whipped me up a skim latte in no time then went back to getting his free Wi Fi on.And I'm following his lead--thanks for the freebie Crazy Mocha!  Since there's a lot of open space, this is an ideal place for socializing but for getting work done (what I'm trying to do), too many distractions so I'll be rolling out as soon as I finish my drink. Thank goodness for no screaming brats.
4	Crazy mocha always delivers. Friendly staff, and great coffee. Squirrel hill is my favorite location in the chain.
1	I must say that, as a new Pittsburgher and coffee fanatic, I am extremely disappointed. Drink quality: The $3.85 caramel latte I bought just minutes ago is flat out disgusting. It has no strong coffee flavor or aroma, and I'm not even sure what I'm drinking. (I.e., WHERE IS THE ESPRESSO?)Employee/service rating: The barista was a pompous you-know-what. I simply asked her in a nice way, "I've never been here before. What's good here?" as in "What are some of the most popular drinks?" but the response I received was: "Everything is good here. Obviously." How rude. She didn't say it in a nice or joking way, but in an arrogant, dispassionate, and nonchalant manner (cf. one of the posts below -- I completely agree with you that the employees are checked out and don't care about their customers). The barista did not even attempt to ask me what types of drinks I like (I could have been looking for tea or hot chocolate, for all she knew), ask me how my day had been going, or say hi. Actually, after I walked in and had been waiting for almost 2 minutes to be helped (no one else was in line), she FINALLY stopped talking to her co-worker. All in all, quite a horrible experience, and most certainly NOT "Pittsburgh's best coffee."I'll stick with Caribou Coffee.
5	I ordered a cherry mocha and it was wonderful. So simple yet places like Starbucks can't seem to whip that up. I've only been there once, but my experience was great. The casher was polite, the environment was fun, and my drink was delicious. I would try it once and hey, if you don't like it, you don't like it.
3	A coffee shop with a goat for a logo?  Now that's crazy.Completely solid, middle of the road, way-the-hell-better-than-starbucks coffee shop.  Also: About 100 feet from where I live.
3	A comfy coffee shop with a funny barista and a tasty chai latte.  That's pretty much all I can say.  Not being a coffee drinker, it's hard for me to rate them on that front.  On a Sunday afternoon, this place was a study hub - I came to catch up with a friend and I felt like we really had to keep our voices down.  I often see people studying in here, so this may not be the best place for a raucous chat, but then maybe it depends on the time of day.  But it was a nice place to spend a few hours on a cold fall day!
3	The inside of this place is nice and overall it works as a decent coffee shop.  Now I don't drink coffee, but I am a hot chocolate connoisseur and can tell you that the hot chocolate here is average-to-below average in general.  Seems kind of processed and a bit too thick in consistency for my liking.  The price, however, is right.  Not a bad place to get a warm beverage and hang out.
4	My go to cafe in Squirrel Hill. I mainly like the place because they'll leave you alone as long as you like, whether or not you choose to purchase anything. That fact alone encourages me to purchase more items (the local Te Cafe will pester you if you sit down for any more than a minute without buying anything).
4	The drink to get here is the Cocamoca. Much better than Starbuck's Frappacino. Mind you, I've never tried the other frozen drinks, because every one tried would be a lost opportunity to get a Cocamoca.I've been coming here for a couple of years, and the baristas run from pleasant to extremely nice and patient, with only one girl who sighed when I ordered (the Cocamoca is a bunch of extra work), "This is the worst day of my LIFE!" Girlie, it should only be your worst day. I was tempted to order half a dozen more, but they are four bucks fifty, and I'm too cheap for grand gestures.The location is extremely pleasant, with big windows that open up in nice weather. I haven't found anything as pleasant in my Manhattan neighborhood, I can tell you that.
1	Came here with a girlfriend to get some work done since it's too hard to in your own home sometimes. From experience and years of going to coffee shops to get work done, common courtesy is peacefulness. This doesn't mean you have to be completely quiet but it means don't scream and laugh loudly when it is clear and obvious people are here to do work. Instead, we found crazy mocha houses groups of weirdos who play games like dungeons and dragons and make ridiculous noises and scream very loudly. The best part was when we started talking they looked at us like we were being disrespectful and interrupting their "nerd time". If this was  Starbucks they would've politely asked them to quiet down then leave. I work with the loud public all day long and a coffee shop is my escape which I couldn't get here tonight.
4	Another late night at the work, UGGGGH!!! Sooooooo ,  I need a little "pick-me-up " ( or should I say a "Kick in the Ass")I stopped by Crazy Mocha and there was a parking spot right in front.Yippeee it was meant to be.  I've stopped here many times in the past but really never gave it any mind , but I gotta say , I enjoyed talking with the cute little girl behind the counter. Very polite and friendly.Its nice to talk with people who are more educated and have people skills.I doubt you would get this kind of service in New York or California. ( I could be wrong ., but probably not)The Coffee was fresh , but the muffin tasted a few days old maybe?overall a nice experience. Just might make this my late night stop.
3	To me, this is a pretty average branch of Crazy Mocha in the city. Located in the heart of Squirrel Hill on Murray where the parking is a nightmare, this is a good place to take a pit stop on a day of shopping in the neighborhood, after a move at the Manor, or to just sit and work for a bit. To be honest, I wasn't too excited about this branch opening up here, mostly because there are other coffee and tea shops in the area I assumed would be negatively impacted by the business brought in here. That being said, this place is objectively a nice shop, bigger than the average Crazy Mocha and I would argue one that has a little less character. Had a few blips with the internet while here, but overall I'd recommend a stop in here sometime.
4	Though the internet here isn't the best, this is my favorite coffeeshop in Squirrel Hill. Their coffee is super affordable, and they carry some nice snacks (some seemingly homemade, some not) as well. You can catch the gaming crowd on Wednesdays and Sundays, and this Crazy Mocha is honestly just a very charming little place (in a very undergrad-y kind of way, but still!)It's charming, it's comfortable, the internet is good enough to come do some non-intensive work. My only concern is actually a third-party one; perhaps this isn't material, but a severely mentally handicapped man has begun frequenting this place. He mostly hangs out up at The Commonplace, but he's begun coming here as well. Though he absolutely can't help his condition, he comes in and essentially harasses customers, especially young women. So, beware!
4	The coffee house is not very unique.. Reminded me a lot of Starbucks. There was ample seating, and soft music in the background which is all well & good.. But, the barista was barely listening to me & other customers & seemed as if she was running around like a chicken with their head cut off! But, I must say that their peanut butter chocolate cupcake is DELICIOUS! As well as their peanut butter & chocolate brownies! The frozen Kona Mocha I got was also delicious.. Overall.. Great (even with the unideal service.)
