4	A whole menu of creative and interesting sushi rolls. And alot of them have pictures, and pictures are always good. I had the Judy roll and the Irish roll for lunch yesterday. I cant remember what was in them, but they were both good. I just randomly picked them because I liked the names. Although, I cant figure out how they came up with the names...especially the Irish roll? It wasnt even green?  I'd go back...in fact I'm going to have to so I can ask more questions about the names...I need to get to the bottom of this.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant.  There are some unique menu items that I have not seen at other establishments.  In fact, when I was there we ordered a roll that used noodles instead of rice, and it was yummy.  There are whiteboards behind the bar with tons of daily specials.  It is conveniently located near many stores, so you can work up an appetite shopping, then stop in for a bite to eat.
5	I am going here Saturday night with the 'rents. So I will write more about this place later but this review will be on the 3 times in the past I've been here.  This place is freakin' awesome :)  Staff - friendly, fast: food - fresh, amazing ;)These people have it down!  They have this particular roll I love but I cannot remember the name (Tina's fatty roll??)  when I eat there Sat I'll (of course) get it & write about it some more ;)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Damn parents & I didn't go on Sat so I'll never get the name of that roll!!!  WAHHHHH!
5	My favorite sushi joint ever since they opened almost 3 years ago I think!  When I lived over there, I ate at Momo's at least once a week!  And for the regulars, we get VIP cards that take a percentage of each bill and give cash back off a future bill of your choice.  Johnny always gets the freshest fish in and the sushi chefs are always talking and joking with the customers.  Highly recommend it to all of my friends!
1	Went for lunch.  My second time there.  Waited 25 minutes for one roll.  Waitress said there was a miscommunication between her & the chef.  Asked to have some food boxed up.  Waitress took the plate & never came back with the box of left overs.  She said she threw it away.  Manager said the best they could do is $2.00 off the bill.  Oh, and I overheard the next booth complaining & wanting to see the manager.Never again Momo!!!!!!
3	we tried this place based on reviews.  we already love sumo sushi over on green valley and wanted to see if this place measured up.  nope.  didn't cut it.  good but not great.  went there trhee times to make sure but we'll stick to sumo for our love of sushi!
5	I liked the atmosphere here.  The service was excellent and fast.  I will definitely be back.  I usually opt for all-you-can eat, but if you want a nicer, sit-down place, I recommend here.
4	Momo sushi...thank you for introducing me to the bento boxes.  Can't get a better deal than that!I love this place.  I lived way across town.  But when I do get the craving, no doubt I pay my homage to you.
5	Ahhh Momo...how I love thee.  This place has sentimental value to me (my boyfriend took me here on our first date, which happened to be Valentine's Day as well).  The sushi is really good, it's not a showy place like Kabuki, Sushi Roku, etc., and if you're an Uni person (like my bf), they don't always have Uni, but supposedly Uni is not always in season.  With that being said, I really do like Momo, you can't go wrong with any of their rolls and it is not expensive at all.  The sushi chefs are very funny and friendly too (if you sit at the bar, they will take a shot of sake with you). The Screaming Orgasm has got to be my favorite.  Oh and the sushi one isn't bad neither.
4	Went there not expecting much as it was out first try at sushi in Henderson and we got a pleasant surprise.  The staff is very friendly and the food is good.  I am a HUGE fan of sushi and this place seems fresh to me, not to mention they have a huge list of Specialty rolls that i suggest trying.  Or you can sit at the sushi bar and tell them exactly what you want and they'll whip it up.  We've been back 3 times and it's been good every time, except one time they forgot a roll (a group of 6, so maybe smaller groups are better).  Very good, I always get a Tall Sapporo or Kirin Ichiban with my meal too, great beer.  Enjoy
2	Ordered the Momo and Seafood bentos. Tastes good, but I've definitely had just as good or better elsewhere for less $$$. The sushi was messy and poorly put together.GF says to add that she really liked the age dashi tofu. Yes, I agree. That was good.
4	I agree with Micheal H who said "consistently awesome sushi" and C.J. who wrote "it's not a showy place like Sushi Roku..etc." I don't eat bento boxes, so I would take other Yelper's word on those. But as far as sushi goes, it's my favorite place in this area. I've been a regular here for since 2005.I always order the Momo Yellowtail Sashimi special. At $12-14 it's not that great of a deal but they serve it with more fish than other places; the yellowtail is cut perfectly and covered with the right amount of citrus sauce, jalapeno and cilantro. Sen of Japan adds a crispy topping to this dish that I like, but they charge a little more too.All other rolls are great. The Rebecca used to be a favorite. I also like the Irish Roll.Service can be a little slow when they're busy but the wait staff are very nice and work hard.
3	We've been to Momoyama's multiple times, but really only because it's close to home. We're all sushi/Japanese food fanatics, and to us they are pretty mediocre. The nigiri style sushi is just ok...not amazingly fresh by any means. They do have a few cool rolls to try, and that really is their only strength. The miso soup is always weak, as is the service. I can't really recommend this place, as Vegas is chalk full of better places to get your raw fish on. However, if you find yourself in the area and hungry for sushi, go ahead and stop here. It'll be "ok".
4	I was pleasantly surprised to see that the place was crowded and the sushi bar almost full! I saw the beautiful tuna the chef was apportioning and wrapping well to keep nice and chilled. My friend and I both had the lunch boxes and I shamefully ate everything on my plate!! It was a bit pricey but if it insures fresh fish and well cooked food- then it follows they buy the best top of the line fish.I read from a chef's diary, that discount sushi bars buy the cheapest quality fish - so I am going by that nugget of inside info.I am giving this 4 stars because service can be improved. The waitress might be overworked, underpaid and undertipped.I would go back there again - for sure!!!
4	Was a good place to eat! Very friendly wait staff, good food.
5	Everyone here is very nice. Sit at the bar and enjoy sushi that is unbeatable in Vegas. For the price, you won't find better quality fish. I bring coworkers from all over the country to this location. Haven't found anything better in my year here and it's close to what I've had in Vista, CA.
5	My favorite place to get sushi in Vegas so far. The staff is great, they always give you a warm welcome and take good care of you. Johnny does a great job of making special rolls for us when we come in. If you can think of a combo, he can think of a way to make it delicious! Whether you sit at the bar or take a quite table in the dinning room its is always an enjoyable evening. We have been going here for over a year and no disappointments so far.
5	I've been going to MOMO for many years.  It is the closest thing I have to a "home" sushi place.  I'm eternally impressed with the quality of the fish and the friendliness of the staff.  We've gotten to know Jhonny (yes, it's spelled that way) the owner and even see him around Henderson, giving it an even more local feel.  The sushi chefs are fairly consistent and are quick to suggest things not on the menu.  We are sushi purists (always prefer sashimi to anything resembling catfood and/or covered in "yumyum" sauce!) and usually go in and request "the best fish you have."  This can be dangerous for the wallet at times -- but always results in luscious, large chunks of fish. I've grown especially fond of the AJI (spanish mackerel sashimi).  The body of the fish (skeleton, tail & head) are used as a serving plate for the sashimi.  After you are finished, the take the fish body, fry it up, and reserve it to you as a crispy snack.
4	Get the Kiss of Fire.
4	went in and sat at the bar the sushi chef let me know as soon i sat down it would be a couple of minutes before he could start my order. . . . .. i had about 3 generous servings of handrolls. . . . great service, my water was always filled, the staff was extremely nice.  would recommend if your by sunset station
1	Ok, first of, this is a Japanese restaurant owned by Koreans, so you can start imagine the authentic quality of the "sushi" there.  Friends and I got there hoping that this newly opened restaurant could add a golden star of the day, but oh boy was I wrong... The waitor was so rude and the food was awful comparing with some of the good authentic sushi restaurants in town. This is definitely a no-go, go waste your money somewhere else.
5	I love this place!!! Delicious food and great service!!! Yay momo!!!
4	Very good food I eat here often, hot & cold dishes. A friendly staff always gives a rousing "konnichiwa"" or "konbonwa" (good afternoon or evening) as you enter.  The atmosphere is great - once inside it's easy to forget about the outside world as the windows are tinted dark and Japanese screens hide the parking lot.  The decor is warm and traditional.  There is a nice flat screen behind the sushi bar that doesn't interfere and usually plays sports.
5	Our favorite place for sushi in Las Vegas.  Everything we have ordered here is excellent and fresh!  Clean and great service.  Go there immediately!
2	We tried Momo Sushi for the first time tonight. The food was very good but the service was completely awful! We waited for ever for the food even though no one was there. Neither of the two waitresses had a clue as to what the are doing. We waited forever to get a check When we finally asked for a check (although it was clear we had been done fore some time), they still took another 10 minutes. We probably waited 20-25 minutes for a check so we could get out of there. We will not be back.
5	I really owe this place 20 more great reviews because we go there all the time and I've never been disappointed.  The fish is always fresh and Johnny will create a roll for you if you can't find one on the menu you like.The staff is like family and very friendly.This is still my favorite place!!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!  Fresh food, friendly and fun staff, and then there is the Ultimate Tuna Roll...the best thing I have ever eaten.  Ever.  Anywhere. They have a big variety of rolls to choose from, so finding something that calls to you isn't hard to do...not over-eating is the hard part.
4	I had a Rest com coupon so was able to convince my husband to go for lunch.... ( he usually only wants to go to AYCE sushi.) He had the Lunch Special ($8.95) with the Miso soup, other sides, chicken teriyaki and chicken katsu. He thought both chickens were very good, the teriyaki chicken was not fatty and was tender & moist. He loved the Miso soup, thought it was one of the best he had tried at local places. He also had ebi, magura and hamachi nigiri, and thought all tasted fresh. I had the usual embarrassingly named rolls and they were quite tasty. When the older sushi chef had to tell the other chef to make the S on the B roll, they both giggled and shook their heads.... but I got past it and it was good eating! I had been so focused on the menu, that I didn't look up and see the daily special board right in front of me until after ordering... I will be back to try some of those. We sat at the sushi bar and enjoyed watching the chefs create the plates, er.. boats. One boat was made with a fish he filleted as we watched. The final product had what was left of the fish as adornment. Looks much better than it sounds.
5	There was a restaurant.com deal I picked up a few months back for $100 off $200 tab. I got some friends together (6 of us total) and went down to Henderson to give this place a shot. First off, the menu has photos, that's awesome! Makes me picking my sushi so much easier. We all started off with some warm saki and a few appetizers. When it came to the dinner, we all each, ordered 2 different rolls and just shared. My favorite was the Cherry Blossom, it was AMAZING! After we stuffed our faces with over 12 different rolls, we found out we were still $6 short of our $200 tab. I couldn't believe all of that was still under $200. So at the end, our bill was $144 with the gratuity that is added b/c of the gift certificate. So with that, we got 4 apps, 6 sake's, 6 sappora's, and 12 rolls. Great deal!
4	Was craving Sushi and called another Sushi place to see what time they closed and they never answered. So I went to what was best and that was Momo! Always delicious and prices are moderate!
3	I have eaten at Momo Sushi twice now, both for lunch. It would have been three times but the last time I tried to go for dinner it was packed. Momo definitely does the trick when I am in the mood for a little bit of sushi. Unfortunately, that is rarely the case, because when it comes to delicious raw fish, I like to stuff my face like a fatty. This is why I tend to go for sushi places that offer all you can eat... On my first visit I wasn't super hungry and had plans for dinner later that evening, so I just stopped in for a snack. The sushi chefs were nice and the tuna nigiri had great texture and flavor. I did find service to be a little lacking, I had to ask the sushi chef to get a waitress to refill my water, and had a bit of a wait to get the check. On my second visit I was very hungry. I ended up ordering edemame, a roll, as well as tuna and scallop nigiri. The sushi chef convinced me to go with the live scallop which was delicious.. but I wish I had known in advance it was going to cost me three times the price of the regular scallops. Pros:Large and interesting rolls to choose fromFriendly sushi chefsAbove average fish qualityCons:Can get pricey quick with no option for ACYEWaitress service is slow and not attentive enoughOn the small sideSince I live fairly close and am often in the area to run errands, there is a decent change I will go back to Momo Sushi at some point. Chances are I will drive a little farther and go someplace that offers more fishy bang for my buck though!
5	Well, it's official guys!  I can finally stop staying "there's no good Japanese places near me in Henderson!"  cause this place was damn good! haha. Now I don't know if my palate has changed (highly doubt that) but the spicy tuna was so damn good!  It had the perfect blend of flavors with the right amount of kick, if you know what I mean!  And if you want to go for a big bang, you can get it extra spicy! =D  I ordered the salmon skin salad, Orion Roll and the Jesty Roll.Salmon Skin Salad:  Mmmm...the skin was crispy!  And the dressing was good!  None of that soggy salmon skin crap you get at some places.  Highly recommended! =)  Orion Roll:  Momo's edition of spicy tuna roll topped with albacore tuna and drizzled with a garlic sauce.  Very delicious!  Rice was perfect, not too mushy, and not too undercooked!  Yum!!  Jesty Roll:  Salmon rolled in masago, rolled up in rice, topped with more salmon and a thinly sliced lemon!  Super good for that refreshing taste you sometimes crave! =)  The only down side to this place is it is a bit pricey.  I was bit upset at first, but once that spicy tuna hit my taste buds, they were dancing with joy and the price didn't matter anymore! haha.  Check it out guys! =)
3	The food was good. The service was a little slow
4	I stopped in for lunch on a Sunday and there weren't many people around. The waitress was attentive and friendly. I ordered the lunch special with tonkatsu and shrimp/vegetable tempura which was delicious and filling. I wanted to order sushi, and it's awesome that they had pictures of what their sushi rolls looked like, but as I mentioned, I was too stuffed from eating the lunch special. I'd recommend anyone to stop by Momo Sushi to eat.
5	They sushi chefs are so friendly and their sushi is amazing I tired their Irish roll, and thought it was amazing
5	This place has an excellent selection. Their rolls are all reasonably priced. This was a perfect lunch meal. 3 rolls and a seaweed salad for under $30. They do not do All you can eat here but I think thats a good thing. Their quality is much higher as a result. The place itself is sort of hidden off the west side of Stephanie in a small strip mall. Definitely check this place out if you are a Sushi coniseur.
2	It was decent and not crowded. The quality is good, the service a bit slow. We at at the Bar and chef was attentive. He even made the crab nigiri we asked for. I gave it two stars because there are others that, when I eat sushi, I can't stop saying "mm". This place didn't have that oomph for me, unfortunately.
5	i go to momo sushi time to time with my friends and i always sit at the bar. i always have fun there. the sushi chefs are very entertaning and the servers are very friendly  .they have "buy one get one free" house sake deal and it goes well with momo hamachi. the chefs are very entertaning, usually the costomers offer them shots of sake. i would even go there by myself on rainy days and sit at the bar have great conversations with the chef enjoying great meal of sushi.
5	I've been here a few times now and both times have thoroughly enjoyed myself. When it comes to sushi, I don't do rolls or fried crap so a place needs to offer something special for me to be impressed. Here are some of the things I've loved...(1) Service. Both times the service has been great and the chefs have been fairly chatty. I really got to know the guy the last time I went.(2) Baby Octopus Salad - This dish is just yummy. Healthy strips of baby octopus with sesame seeds and not sure what else but I scarf it down.(3) Uni shooter. I love an Uni Shooter so if a place offers it I'm in.(4) Live Shrimp - I first discovered this awesome treat in CA. They cut the live shrimp in front of you and serve you the tail meat. They then take the head, flash fry it, and you eat it. SOOOOOOO sweet and yummy!(5) They always have specials. I love a place that offers stuff off the menu. It shows they care and are trying to be inventive.I'm not sure why there are bad reviews but they were all from a while back so maybe things have improved. Of all the places I've been in Las Vegas, outside of say Tao or Yellowtail type places, this is by far my favorite. It definitely makes a happy ending to an afternoon of shopping.
3	I think we tried some of the more non traditional rolls, which is why I am only giving 3 stars. The rolls are good and its closer to our house but its not the best sushi I've ever had. We tried the irish roll, palm tree roll, and volcano roll. The Irish roll is somewhat odd tasting because of the liquidy sauce on it. Just an odd taste so neither of us liked it. My wife liked the palm tree roll and I really liked the volcano roll. I would recommend it to friends and will go back and try a few more rolls because overall it was good, and theres a huge selection of rolls.
5	Fantastic service. Cheap sake and beer.
2	Went to this place trusting Yelp to guide me right.  Overall feeling was "meh".  It just seemed there was no love in the food.  Tempura was just sufficient.  Nothing really stuck out as amazing.  I have absolutely no idea why it gets so many good reviews on the site.
5	I was at Costco and in need of food before flying out. I know you can pay a lot of money in LV for mediocre food and chains are everywhere....but I really care about what I eat. So I decided to take a chance at Japanese food.  I found this place and they are very authentic Japanese. I decided to order one of the bento boxes for dinner and a glass of chardonnay. The meal was  very complete with gyoza (nicely crisped,  sushi rolls very tasty and generous ginger and wasabi, very generous and tasy sesame chicken, along with salad with a delicate miso sauce and miso soup. I got a glass of chard, KJ for $6.50 which for any restaurant is inexpensive. The box was a very reasonable $14.  The quality was excellent. I have no reservations about it at all. If I happen to be in LV on biz again, I would go out of my way to get a sure excellent meal with excellent polite service and great decor. I eat out a lot and being disappointed is my usual expectation, this place did NOT disappoint! (thus 5 stars given price, quality and diverse menu)
5	Delicious, fresh and great sushi chefs !
5	"My favorite place for fresh sushi! Dine-in or order for pick up, the staff is always nice."
1	Me and my family are big sushi eaters and this was the first time we ate at a Las Vegas sushi spot. We're from the bay area, California where there are some great sushi place and I must say, we did not like the sushi from here at all. We thought it was over priced for something so simple and it didn't even wow us. It was mediocre but we ate it because we were hungry. I recommend not to go here...please find some other sushi place. This place is not worth it. I hope not all sushi spots in LV are like this one.
2	Meh, totally forgettable. I've had much worse and much better. If your in a pinch come here, but was hesitant to consume raw fish.
5	This place is a favorite place for sushi, it is excellent quality especially for the price, which is reasonable. I come here often with my brother for sushi. The staff is friendly and the food is good.
4	Having been craving sushi for sometime, when my friend invited me to her favorite place I had to say yes.  I am pretty sure she either eats there WAY to often, or the staff just loves it's regulars, because they knew her on sight, and had her favorite at the table before we even had drink orders in.The food was fresh, colorful and very very good.  Some of the rolls she ordered (I just let her order away) were not on the menu, but one's she has requested special and they didn't miss a beat in preparing ours while keeping up with the packed restaurant.  I am looking forward to going back on my own and order a few rolls that sounded amazing, but the sushi I had was outstanding and nothing to complain about other than there wasn't all you can eat price.  I think it was a wise decision on their part, as everything was so good I just kept eating till I had to be pulled away from the table.
5	There just aren't enough good things to say about this place!  The service is AMAZING.  Everybody is so friendly, and Chef B especially makes visiting Momo a welcome and entertaining experience each and every time.  The food has never disappointed.  We've probably tried everything on the menu at least once, but our absolute favorite top two things to order are the Henry Roll and the Ugly Roll.  Sometimes, when we don't know what we want, B takes over and just creates something for us on the fly.. he's truly a very talented and detail oriented chef!!!Sometimes we'll visit other sushi places, but we always regret we didn't just go to Momo Sushi instead.  It's as good as it gets in our book!
5	This was excellent! I went here for prom and I would definitely come here again!
4	I've been here twice for dinner and once for take out. All three times the sushi is yummy. They have some pretty imaginative rolls. Staff is very friendly, although once our service was very slow and both times eating in the table and benches have been sticky. Let's hope that doesn't have anything to do with how clean their kitchen is.
5	Awesome service & great fresh food! Gotta try Jennifer 2, Momo tower and must try the crunch shrimp! DELICIOUS!!!
4	I'll admit that I was skeptical about finding good sushi in the desert :) but this was pretty darn great.  First off the menu is so entertaining!! It had things like the 'Heart Attack' roll and the 'Screaming Orgasm'.  I had two rolls that were both delicious and fresh tasting. My friends also cleared their plates and everything I tasted of theirs was awesome.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the service was kind of hit or miss. Our food arrived in strange orders - like our appetizer was almost the last thing to arrive and our rolls came out so that some of us were eating and other weren't.  Overall, a great place and I can overlook the service because the food was so tasty.
3	One word: Lunch special....wait TWO words. Haha.Decided to hit up this place cause it's down the street from my work and it was a short lunch for me. Got the lunch special - their lunch special you get: miso soup, salad, and two of the meat items -- I got the chicken teriyaki and tonkatsu. I put my order in and had my co-worker pick it up, apparently on their menu, you're supposed to get gyoza, tamago and inari sushi. But I didn't get that. Oh well.Price is decent and quality is okay. Would come back to try out their rolls.
2	Their sushi isn't really anything special. You can get it just about anywhere.We went there tonight, and wanted to order Tuna belly sashimi. Our waitress told me they didn't have it.... Because it was too expensive. One might think that they would take it off the menu... Or say that it sold out.Our dessert was brought before dinner was over, and the tempura ice cream tasted odd. The ice cream looked pink, and there were red dots in it. The waitress told us it was 'vanilla'. She told me the pink was from the batter. Maybe I need to brush up on my tempura....... Because I thought it is suppose to be golden brown and delicious
4	My friend and I are always on a search for good sushi bars in Vegas and this is my personal favorite. And they have the best Screaming O' (orgasm) in town. Their food is always quality and their costumer service is pretty good. Fair warning, the low/no sodium and their regular soy sauce are the same.
5	Momo Yama Roll, Mexico City, Screaming Orgasim & Marc's Roll are my top pics at the time being. Johnny, the owner is hilarious and always willing to have some sake if you sit at the bar. :-) Clean establishment with a fun crowd and great staff.
5	I just love everything here! Their yum yum scallop hand roll is my favorite here compared to any other place in town..they know how to get down on rolls and just everything tastes good..
2	I'm actually pretty surprised this place has 4 stars. let me start off by saying I did go close to closing so that might have had a part into my bad experience. anyways, I went there probably a week ago and the sushi was just alright, nothing special.  Soft shell crab was no bueno.
4	The sushi rolls were very good. We got some rolls and a bento box. The bento box was huge but the chicken that we ordered was very dry and had no flavor. Besides the sushi which is always good I wouldn't order the teriyaki chicken again.
3	Intimate atmosphere & friendly staff. More than just sushi on the menu... rice bowls, chicken teriyaki,  gyoza, etc. I was hoping for more traditional sushi choices, so it was hard to find rolls without cream cheese and crazy sauces. But they have creative specials & would be good for more adventurous sushi lovers. I got a tekka maki roll (tuna), sake (salmon on a ball of rice), & miso soup. Yummy sushi,  but I'm going to keep looking for somewhere more authentic.
4	Our favorite sushi place in Henderson. We love the sushi chefs & will only eat here when on this side of town.
5	Awesome sushi! Every roll we ordered was great
5	I have been going to Momo Sushi for 11 years, ever since they first opened. I have tried everything on the menu! I love the rolls, and all the different sauces they make. I enjoy going to Momo and always have a great time, talking to John the owner, and if you sit at the Sushi bar, you can have a lot of fun with the chefs, buy them a sake or a beer if you can, they really appreciate it! Make sure you check out Momo, it is a locals favorite!
5	My husband and I go here all the time. The sushi is excellent, the service is prompt, and the sushi chefs are friendly. It is not overpriced, and it is very laid back. I always get sushi- the SS Roll is really good, and it is gluten-free (my husband is allergic to wheat.) This place is rarely crowded, and the sushi is always fresh, so it is our go-to place for a casual night out :)
3	Sushi was fresh but still not as good as Sushi Koma on corner of Flamingo and Durango.
4	I've been here twice with my boyfriend and it's been great each time. The ugly roll is my favorite, along with one of the fruity sakes. The service in the dinning room is ok, but its nicer to sit at the sushi bar to watch the Chef prepare the rolls or ask for something they might not have on the menu .
5	I've been coming here for years. Since the previous owners. The service is sometimes a little lacking, but the sushi is absolutely incredible EVERY SINGLE TIME. So the good makes us for when the service isn't that great. My favorite place. I always end up coming back here! And two for the price of one sake everyday?? Yes please!
2	The service was horrible!  We were the only table and got decent service then a crowd of rowdy women came in and we were nonexistent.  It took us over 30 min to get our check and that was after I  had to walk up to the front counter. The food was decent but will probably not go back. I don't like to be in an establishment where I'm treated like I'm a bother than welcomed. Being a prior food server I was very disappointed at the quality of service.
3	I've only been here a couple times. The food is good and it's a nice quiet place to relax and enjoy. Staff is friendly and pretty quick with whatever you need.
4	I've been dining at Momo Sushi for over 4 years and I will continue to come back.I find the Momo Hamachi and the Irish Roll to be absolutely delicious! The wait staff is always pleasant and the chefs are comical and friendly.The decor needs to be updated and the excess flyers hanging all over the place needs to be removed, its an eye sore.
5	Ever time I go to Vegas..I just got to go to Momo Sushi restaurant. From the moment you walk in..till you leave..you are treated with the utmost hospitality. The food there is awesome..don't pass this place up..you'll definitely miss out a special place.
5	They have original rolls, paired with amazing sauces.  I have never tasted so many great flavors in a sushi roll.  I have spend more $ on sushi and this was far better and you can chill at the sushi bar and watch football, love it!!!!
2	Like what some other reviewers have said, service here is pretty spotty. We were only a party of 2 so as long as we had our waters and orders correct, that's all I cared about. Pretty much you come in, place your order, they give you your food, you eat, pay for your bill and leave.Sure, the spicy tuna rolls and this other sushi roll my friend and I ordered were delicious but damn...the price was pretty expensive. $10-12 for spicy tuna rolls!? Come on now.... Then again...look at where Momo Sushi is located at: Henderson. There are plenty of other sushi places especially on the West side/Chinatown that have better prices.The only reason why we came here for lunch was because we were in the area and we were craving for sushi.
5	Top sushi place.  If they have blue fin tuna, get it!  It's pricey at $10 for two pieces of sashimi, but it's well worth it if you like tuna.  Best I ever had.
5	First must say the sushi is AMAZING ...Secondly the Staff is friendly and very attentive ! I recommend this place to anyone who knows what fresh fish is ! I love the tuna karai!!!
5	Moved here from CA about a year ago, and have been trying to find great sushi since we got here- we finally found it! We have tried lots of places, even tried AYCE, and were not impressed until we tried Momo. Started with a few sashimi plates to see how fresh the fish was, and wow was it fresh!  We then tried a couple rolls and some simple sushi and it was all really good. Can't wait to go back! Our server Maria was fantastic too.
4	I don't know where people are getting bad service, but it's not here. There was a large party, several families, and a bar full of people - and we still got super service. We ordered several rolls to share, and they came out as made, one at a time - and quick! Loved the Irish roll (but then, I would, huh?) The Orion roll was delightfully spicy and flavorful. The Rock-n-Roll did, in fact, rock. Hot tea got immediate refills without asking. Prices were mid-range. Sake prices were too high to bother with, though.Clean, small, close to home, and yummy (and since Yummy shut down, we've been looking for another...)My only complaint is that the music seriously bites. Bad rap-fusion-80's asian-not-sure-what-but-it's-bad. Just bad.Music bad. Food good.
5	LOVE this place! Great sushi and super nice!! A weekly spot for me !!
3	Came here last night with my friend because we were craving sushi and it was close to where we live. The food was good but the service...not so much. We walked in and the waitress asked how many and seated us at the bar, did not really smile at us or act friendly. I got a vibe that they were tired and wanted to go home. The next two people that walked in must of been regulars because the sushi chefs and waitresses immediately acknowledged them and said hello... Um, ok.Anyhoo on the food...   I cannot complain about it,  it was really yummy. I got the Ninja box (teriyaki beef, shrimp/veggie tempura, spicy tuna roll (4 pieces) and some kind of dumpling?  Also came with salad and miso soup. My friend ordered the Jen 2 roll and the soft shell crab appetizer, she said both of them were good. Pro's - Food was great, restaurant is small and cozy, large sushi bar space to eat (hate rubbing elbows with my neighbor)Con's - Bitchy waitstaff, never asked us if we wanted a refill on our drinks even though they charged us almost $3 for a coke, the prices on the sushi rolls here are pretty expensive and they don't have AYCE, booo.
5	Sitting here at the bar as I write my review, I am glad they haven't changed anything about this place. It is NOT all you can eat but their rolls are BIG so if you are a NORMAL person, with a NORMAL stomach you will be good with 2 rolls which amounts to all you can eat anyway. Usually all the "all you can eat" places have tiny rolls. The employees are very nice, and on top of everything. I finished my cucumber salad and the sushi chef asked me if I wanted more. I took a long time looking at the menu and was asked like 2 times if I was ready to order. I will definitely be back again and again. This time I ordered the Triple A roll and a standard California roll. Delicious! I have also had their Volcano roll in the past and the Jennifer 2. I recommend all!
4	Tried this place for the first time and we really enjoyed it. This place does not have all you can eat so if that's what you're looking for don't bother. Their sushi selection is really good and so was the service. I would definitely return.
5	Amazing sushiJust A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!Waitress are kinda rude but then again, the sushi/sashimi is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!
5	Wasn't all you can eat but was the best sushi I've had. The service slack a little when we first sat down then got better. Might be our new to go place!! The quality of the food is so great compared to many places and so fresh! Even our daughter loved it!
4	Went for lunch midweek.  Arrived about an hour before the lunch special ended and were seated immediately.   Lunch special is $8.95 for two items (add a buck for beef or salmon).  Served Bento style with miso soup as a starter.  Portion sizes were pleasantly larger than I expected.  They also have a sushi lunch for $12.95 consisting of one roll and 6 pcs of nigiri sushi.  Decor and staff are a plus as well.  Overall a great lunch spot if you're in the area.  They also have an extensive selection on their SPECIAL rolls.  Worth checking out for you sushi fans.Www.momosushilasvegas.com for full menu.
4	went here for the first time and enjoyed several of their rolls. not Bad. My problem is that I was there to relax and eat sushi. There was maybe 5 or 6 older guys in there getting pretty drunk at the sushi bar and then entered a loud and drunk woman. They all started hitting on her, got shot down and then left. Then the woman announced her sexual preference (which does not bother me)  and announced very loudly to a couple at the bar that she was going to get the girl (the one on the date) before the guy would. I am very far from being a prude or shy but this became very awkward. I thought that the 3 guys behind the bar would stop it, but did not. Hopefully, this was an isolated thing because I'd like to go there and relax. Sorry, do not know the results of the showdown. LOL!
3	To end a day full of shopping with my friend, we decided to get one of my favorite meals: sushi! I'm always open to trying new sushi joints, especially if it's super close to my house! The shopping really built up an appetite for me so I was definitely looking forward to this visit. This restaurant in the same building as Genghis Grill and the new Baby Stacks restaurants. When you walk into the location, you will notice a couple of things: it's dark and crowded! The waiting area was very small, but once you pass that, you see the sushi bar to the left, for sure a focal point as it's practically the only lit area in the restaurant. To the right was the dining area. Here's what I can say: it's crowded with tables and unnecessary decor. antlers on the walls, fake plants and vines are really outdated and don't really fit the restaurant's personality. The booths had low hanging dim lights and ours was covered in dust. Definitely needs a spring cleaning in there! Our server's name was Megun and she was definitely one with a lot of personality! I was wearing a sriracha shirt, which she noticed and started a conversation from. I really appreciated her attentiveness throughout our meal. For our late lunch, I wanted to get a hamachi kama. The problem was they ran out of it, so I had to choose something else. Darn! I ended up getting 4 orders of the Hamachi Nigiri for $4.50 an order (2 pieces per order) and 2 orders of the tako for $4.25 per order. One thing that threw me off about this place was the fact that they didn't offer the All You Can Eat option. That meant my meal was going to be pricey for not a lot of stuff. For the food, I thought it was just alright. The hamachi was pink in color, pinker than I'm used to. Made me think if that was super fresh or just a different part of the fish. It was good though. What I did not like, however, was the fact that they put wasabi between the rice and fish. That was new and a complete surprise as it stung my nose! LOL. Be advised, you do not need wasabi in your soy sauce.  There's already wasabi in the sushi, and lots of it! The tako (octopus) was the same with the wasabi. I thought the flavor and texture was consistent with what I often times get, so no surprises there, it was very good. For me, this was hard. When I go to restaurants looking for sushi, I'm looking to get a lot of it. To pay the same amount as I would for an All You Can Eat meal at another restaurant, I really didn't get a lot of food. I wouldn't mind coming back and trying something else, but if it's sushi, I would probably opt to go to a sushi joint with an AYCE option. Thanks Momo, though, for the experience. I appreciate it!
5	We just had lunch there. It was delicious as always. Its our go to place for sushi. Delicious food at a reasonable price and the service was great.
5	This is EASILY my favorite sushi place in town. I've been to most but if you're looking for amazing food, great people and a really fun time then this is the place for you. The weekend specials (fresh LIVE shrimp, blue fin toro, etc..) are definitely what set this place apart from the rest.
4	The sushi and sashimi were amazingly delish. I ordered to go and promptly picked up the order. It was well prepared and packaged to look as if they were plated. I was impressed at the attention to detail even with takeout. But more importantly the food was wonderful. The flavors explode in your mouth. Anyways, fresh sushi is the only way to go. It was a little pricey but hey...You're getting fresh food prepared as you order it. We will be back again.
5	Just moved to Vegas and stumbled upon this place.  The udan noodle soup was full of goodies including egg, tofu, vegies and two tempura shrimp.  The sushi was fresh and everything had a great taste to it.  Would recommend this restaurant for sure.
3	While running errands on a Saturday afternoon, my boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch. It was relatively slow/empty, but had great reviews on yelp, so we decided to give it a shot!  The most important thing to mention is that almost all of their rolls feature crab mix, which I don't eat.  If you're like me, this place is not for you. If they are not busy, they will customize, but I get embarrassed when I have to do that.  We ordered two rolls and they were just okay; their sushi rice is kinda bland compared to others.  If you want awesome sushi, go to Tokyo Boys down the street.
3	Went here today with some friends. We arrived at lunch time and had a big group, 10 people, but surprisingly this place was pretty empty. So we were seated right away. We usually go to AYCE places, but the pricing here for not being AYCE was very reasonable and the food was of high quality. We had 1 lunch bento that came with miso soup, side salad, 2 entree items (chicken teriyaki and kalbi was what we ordered) and rice. We also ordered 3 rolls, and age dashi and the "rolls rice ball" and our bill came to $59. The "rolls rice ball" was amazing, was rice with fish and sauce mixed in, so a roll in a place. All the other rolls were very tasty as well. Definitely will go back to this place to try more items. I had to knock off some points though for the service. The waitress sighed and rolled her eyes when we said it would be 3 separate tabs, and she seemed to have a hard time keeping the orders straight. The other thing she did, which kind of shocked us all, was when asking if my friend wanted a refill, she grabbed the glass from her while she was mid drink to go refill it. Right out of her hand. My husband told me later that another waitress apologized for her and said that she was upset because 2 servers called out sick so she was called in. Sorry but that's her issue, one that shouldn't be taken out on the customer. Hopefully the service will be better next trip.
4	Stopped in at Momo's because of the great reviews and was not disappointed. The miso soup was great, followed by the Henry and Orion rolls. Will definitely come by here again next time I'm in town!
5	Besides having great sushi (my favorite in Henderson,) what makes this place so enjoyable is the sushi chefs! I've been coming here for years, and it comes down to great food and awesome people. You can go anywhere and find good sushi, but it's something special when you can interact and have fun with the people working there. The pricing is fair, as I rarely spend more on sushi than I would at an AYCE joint. I love sitting at the sushi bar there and they always have some sort of weekend special. Live shrimp is always a favorite. Overall, it's just an awesome place to go and have a good time with good sushi. Nothing beats Momo's for sushi on a Friday night.
5	Awesome sushi place & super close to our house, we will def be back! We ordered the live shrimp but they were already sold out so we got the live scallop instead.. Delicious & beautiful presentation!! Along with that, we ordered some other special rolls & nigiri which were also quite good & very fresh. Big bonus points for having fresh wasabi!!
4	What can I say about MoMo.. They really do have some wonderful Sushi! A bit overpriced in some areas, and no AYCE options, but I have never had a bad roll or bad sashimi here. I used to frequent another Henderson sushi restaurant until their quality went downhill (significantly) and my husband introduced me to MoMo. The Irish roll and Something Wrong are some of my favorites, and if you like crispy (fried) sushi, Tara's Fatty is one for you (read: cream cheese and shrimp). The volcano is also very good if you want more crab and less cream cheese. The wait staff can be spotty at times, but never rude. I have only had one issue with a waitress who made my young son cry, but I have not seen her in there in a while. Anyway, if you go on a busy day (Fridays at dinner and Lunch on the weekdays seem to take the cake) then you might get less than stellar wait service if they are understaffed. However, the food more than makes up for the staffing issues in my opinion. I have been going to MoMo for about 2 years now, and highly recommend it over any other sushi restaurant in Henderson.
5	I love it! Every time we come here, we are greeted by the friendly staff and owners Julie and Jonny. The fish is very fresh and always get the specials.  You can even take a live crab home! When they have them. Beware though she may be pregnant! Salmon and lemon just explodes with freshness. The tuna so clean and the screaming 'o' is so worth it. The dressing on a salad?! Ginger and yes it's amazing.  I am tired of the All you can eat places and I have found my friends and my favorite sushi place in the Vegas area. Momo makes your food with love and rice. Enjoy!
4	I really like this little place. It is hidden away in the retail hell of Stephanie Street down by the Sunset Station, but it is worth finding. Hit them on either Friday or over the weekend. I have been told that they get their fresh fish order on Friday and they tend to run out of some items as the week goes on. The Sushi is good and presented well with style and subdued beauty. They do not hide the flavor of their sushi with too much sauce, but instead rely on the quality of their fish and their work. They are quick and efficient. They have always been quick and efficient every visit I have made. My drink is never empty and a dirty dish does not sit on the table long.They don't have an all you can eat so going on a sushi binge can get pricey. However, they do have a specials board behind the bar. I strongly urge you to take advantage of the specials as I have never been disappointed by them. They usually have a halibut sushi on the specials list that I simply love. Be brave when ordering because they have some pretty unique creations. Food courage is the most rewarding courage of all. I sadly can't give them five stars because their was a sushi place I went to all the time in North Carolina which IMO is the best sushi I have ever had. It has simply ruined me and all other sushi I eat I compare to that place. Sadly, nothing has ever lived up to their quality, but Momo comes pretty darn close. I wouldn't say it's worth a trip across town, but if you are in the southeast of Vegas for any reason over the weekend, this is must. And tell Momo I said hi...(I don't know who the hell Momo is or even if there is a Momo, but a dare you to walk in and say "Doc says to tell Momo hi.")
5	This place is a hidden treasure !! All the staff are friendly & very accommodating.  Have back been several times & never disappointed highly recommend !!
5	I really like Momo. I usually have to cross town to get good sushi but I'm so glad I found a place close to home that is really good. There is a plentiful menu and the chefs make everything look really beautiful. The prices are reasonable, especially for sushi and there's always sports on the TVs. I'm becoming a regular here.
4	Came sometime last week with my god daughter and best friend. We sat at the sushi bar, they don't have AYCE but pretty decent sushi and it's filling so ala carte works just fine! Great service, employees were all very nice and our server and sushi chef were especially kid friendly. Our server forgot one of my orders, but it's okay because I ended up so full anyway. Also, If you check in and order an entree you get a free Cali roll, worked perfect since the little one loves noodles and sushi. Overall good experience and I did like their Saba sushi (huge Saba fan!) so I would most definitely return.
5	Awesome! I live in southern California and eat sushi at the the most 5 star places. This is right up there without the price tag and double the portions. I am a sashimi junkie. I'm pretty sure they are flying the stuff in from LA on a share with another restaurant . in other words it was alive yesterday for certain. They even have hotegai and mirugui. The rolls are ridiculously amazing and huge. I was in awe...I am coming back in august for my birthday dinner. This place puts any so cal sushi roll place out in the cold. It rules. PS service was awesome and unlike most so cal spots, people who work here are japanese !!!! Thank you thank you! I would eat here everyday if I could. Go and go here!! Yes yes yea!
5	First time here and I'll definitely be back for news. Excellent lunch specials!! $9 for two sushi rolls, salad, rice, and dumplings. Instead of two sushi rolls, my kiddo had chicken teriyaki and chicken katsu. She loved both (but didn't care of the katsu sauce). They have a good assortment of rolls, the restaurant was clean, and the staff friendly. Well done Momo!
4	You get a lot of food for the price. We especially enjoyed the lunch special where you get to pick two entrees to go with soup, salad, and gyoza and rice.   I liked the salmon teriyaki, and the chicken katsu was pretty crispy. Ginger salad was good too.   My six year old said that the food was really yummy. The children's box is the same price as the lunch special. I would pick the lunch special since you get more selection.   My only complaint was that the hot water in the woman's bathroom is scalding.  My 6 year old burned 2 of her fingers washing her hands. So  if you are bringing children to the bathroom, you need to regulate the water. We did tell the waitress and hopefully they will turn the water down. Overall, we will eat here again. I agree with Sunny D's review- sushi is right up there and the prices are reasonable only at lunch time.We ordered take out for dinner, and the dinner menu prices were overpriced. I would eat here only for lunch. When we ordered take out, they forgot one menu item and we had to drive back and get the rest of the order.
4	The girlfriend and I came here looking fo some good sushi. Its pretty good kind of expensive for what I thought it was worth. The service there is acceptable
5	Works of edible art are served here. I recommend the Somethings Wrong. The blend of tuna, salmon, crab, and shrimp are perfect. It is served with a delicate sauce that enhances the experience. The wait staff and chefs are friendly and efficient! We will definitely do this again soon!
5	Great lunch with quality sushi and rolls. For lunch i  recommend the sushi lunch12.99 you get 6 pieces of sushi and a too along with appetizers. Dinner grab the list. It's all good great service and people.
4	The staff is friendly and the fish is fresh. It can get expensive if you're hungry since they don't have AYCE. I had salmon and albacore nigiri, both good. Also the Triple A Roll, Momo soft shell crab roll & Japanese Nachos. I liked the Triple A, the other two were just ok.
3	Momo Sushi is your standard neighborhood restaurant, suitable for a quick eat after shopping. We had miso soup, tuna nigiri, some special spicy roll, and ice cream. Some noticeable traits: the lighting does not work well with the menus, as the glare makes the reading uncomfortable, and my ice cream was partially melted. Another interesting characteristic is that the fish on the nigiri seems lengthy compared to the rice. It's not hugging the mound of rice, like most, but instead trails off both ends. It doesn't mean anything, I suppose, it just looks different.
4	One of my favorite places to eat good food good service great sushi. Try the Momo box it's wonderful
5	We are from out of town, yet felt like we were at home here! The wife got trashed with sushi chef James and we finished up with the mango sakitini. Absolute greatness! Some of the best sushi I've ever had! The presentation was beautiful and amazing! The staff was so, so friendly and kind. So fun to drink with too!
5	Ordered carry out it was ready in 15 minutes. The sushi was great and just as expected! The staff was super friendly and helpful when arriving to pick it up. Inside looked nice too while I was there, would love to eat in some time. Definitely recommended.
4	I come here often for there fresh sushi rolls and pretty good rolls. The green tea ice cream is all ways a good desert. The momoyama roll is really good.
4	My husband and I love this place! The food is excellent and the prices are great! We love Megun one of the servers there. She knows us by name and remembers what we drink even though we only eat there maybe once a month. Love this place!
5	Best Sushi place in all of Henderson!  There fish is the freshest I have eaten in the middle of the desert with no "fishy" taste at all!   If your new to sushi go with the Screaming O and a triple A roll.  You will not be disappointed!
5	Haven't been in a couple of years and it's still on the top of the list!  Went last night and had the most amazing new roll. . Something wrong 69. Of course right after a screaming oo. Left the last roll up to the sushi chef and he was right on point. Just as Delicious as I always remembered!
5	Momo's is amazing! Great food and atmosphere! I've been a loyal diner since they opened. The soft shell crab wrapped in hamachi is glorious!
5	We love love love this place! Best service you'll find anywhere. Extremely good with kids. Super nice, very fast service, high quality food. Let's just say their screaming "O" really screams "o soo delicious". I highly recommend this place.
5	Fast and friendly service. Had a yelp voucher and they were happy to accept it. Fair priced and the sushi rolls were yum! Would recommend.
5	This is my second time eating here. Today Megan was my server. Very sweet and prompt.  The food was excellent, fresh, well plated, fast service.  They understand food allergies and will work with you. The place is very clean. The prices are just a tad higher then the average.  Small places seats maybe 60. All in all a very nice small place to get a good quality meal.
4	I've been coming to this place for a while im since I moved it's closer than I.LOVE SUSHI but just as good. There's no AYCE but the quality and service is definitely worth the price. The staff is friendly and attentive, the fish is fresh and generous cuts are given. On weekends they have live scallops and ama ebi which is my favourite , even in the week days they have excellent quality scallops and not the small bay kind either. I am not a roll person I am very picky about my quality sashimi and this place never disappoints. Definitely recommend coming here.
3	Went here because it was one of the few stores still open at 10 p.m. I got the Ninja box for about $15-16 which was not TOO pricy for a bento box dinner set. The set came with 3 pieces of shumai, a california roll (4 pieces?), salmon, vegetable and shrimp tempura, rice, and miso soup. The quality of everything was good, but nothing really stood out to me. I probably wouldn't go back since I have discovered some other pretty good sushi places which are either slightly comparable in price or even a little cheaper. If you are craving for sushi and are around the area, I'd say give it a try.
5	Momo Sushi is great! The When I fall in Love role and the Rock and Roll Sushi are our favorites. The lunch special has many choices and is also a great value. The staff is very friendly and they create an enjoyable dining experience. The restaurant is always clean and the food very fresh. I would recommend dining at Momo Sushi. I always leave there satisfied.
3	Hit and miss but overall pretty good. The service is often lacking but the food is so darn good we still make a visit every so often. The teriyaki chicken is a must try.
4	great sushi, great alternative if you do not want to do AYCE
1	Found hair in my food and they didn't apologize or discount the meal... they just looked at me & said thats not hair... but then after examining it closer they said yeah its hair then took the plate. Unsanitary! No customer service!
1	My friend and I went there today and I liked that it wasn't too loud or quiet. However after placing my order I noticed a cockroach crawling by my foot and not just a regular roach a big ass one! So we left. I'm sure the food is good but we were totally grossed out by the roach.
5	i had lunch with my wife. momo is exellemt. fish is very fresh and good quality. sashimi  and kiss of fire roll was so taste it. i strongly recommended momo's. customer service is excellent!!
5	We have family party at the momo. Food was excellent and sushi was very tasty and fresh. Good care of customers even they are busy sushi bar and table. We are definitely come back to momo. Thank you to Nickie my server.
5	Momo sushi provided me with the best sushi i've ever tasted..The rolls were delicious, fresh,bright,flavorful and imaginative...OMG..The sashimi were so tender it melted in my mouth..It was excellent!!!I've never been disappointed by a visit here..I was also pleased with the service...We highly recommended this place!!!!
5	Perfect place for a lunch with the family. The boxes were delicious-- I ordered it with chicken teriyaki and beef teriyaki. The beef was ok but I enjoyed the salad and rice and soup. The California roll is pretty good too :) I would recommend this for any who enjoy Japanese food!
4	Came with friends and had a great time.  Food was amazing.  Service was good. Will be back.
5	Service was great, people were friendly, and the sushi was excellent!!  And I've been looking for a good place since moving out here, so I have been several places locally already!  This is the only place I will definitely come back to and will do so regularly!
4	BOOKMARKED FOREVERWe try our best to patronize our local  Henderson restaurants and businesses.  Momo Sushi (no relation to Momo B.) has been forever on my list to visit. It's a darling intimate relaxing little restaurant with all sorts of seating arrangements.  Lunch Specials starting at $8.95 for bento boxes and $12.95 for sushi plate and choice of six piece roll.Momo selected the bento box that includes two choices including Tonkatsu and Saba Shioyaki (Mackarel)...  very nice variety and plenty to satisfy a healthy appetite.Yu-go opted for Spicy Crab (6pc) roll as part of sushi lunch special... thinly sliced fish on top of small ball of rice... combo fell short of satisfying his hunger. The better value is definitely my bento box!  Luckily it was more than enough for me and helped Yu-go fulfill his lunch hunger.Service is very genteel and frequent that added to our enjoyment of this Japanese lunch.
4	The sushi was delicious. The Jennifer 2 was extremely good. I ordered 2 rolls. The only downfall was the service. The waitress forgot to put our order in so we waited a very long time for our rolls, but she apologized and gave us some edamame on the house. We sat at a table, but we'll most likely sit at the bar the next time we visit.
5	My first time eating sushi. Decided to come here after i read such good reviews. Let me tell you, this place is a must try place! I highly recommend this to everyone. The service is excellent! No complaints at all. Expect me to come here very often
5	Still an excellent choice to eat at. Great food, excellent quantities, very well priced. I go every time I come for conferences and conventions.
