4	An excellent knock-off of the ___berto's taquerias. Or is it the other way around? In any case, this location is the best of the bunch, including any Filiberto's (though for the best Filiberto's-proper, go to the location at 19th Ave & Thunderbird).The adobada and carne asada are particularly good here. And I once witnessed an altercation in the parking lot that concluded after one of the participants fired his pistol into the air.  The carne asada burrito was particular great that night.
5	Fantastic.  Stay away from Filiberto's unless it's the one on Dobson and Main.  Actually, that one might even suck now because of the dregs of society getting off and on buses and the light rail racket.  This place, in contrast, is great.  Great service, great portions.  All-around best quick Mexican food joint around.  I risk a bunch of idiots showing up at this place by writing favorably about it but so be it.  If you want your rolled tacos to actually have meat in them, get a dozen of them here.
2	Looking for a quick fix to a taco craving my friend & I had.. We venture a few miles away from my loft to go get our fix fixed..  Umm ...  I don't think so... Chips & salsa? More like a styro to-go box filled w unsalted chips & pico de gallo over the chips?! Who does that?! Taco.. 2stars.... I always get a chicken taco, if I can get the meat in shredded form.. I'm weird about my meat! But this is more like ground chicken..& they placed it in the styro to go box next to the cheese enchilada I ordered to go with..so the taco became a part of the smothered enchilada mess.... Yep... Drowned in lukewarm red enchilada sauce... That enchilada... I couldn't finish... The cheese was not melted inside.  Ok.. Should I have complained..(as a very advising yelper once scolded me for).. Probably! But in truth.. The girl behind the counter had rubbed me wrong already... By telling me I looked 'tire'... & secondly by having a host issue with her credit card machine... Asking me to pay cash... Whatever.  I'm harsh? Possibly... 2stars... & that's a compliment.
3	I come here once a week as I work swing shift and fast food is slim pickings at around 1130pm at night in this part of Phoenix. Also since I've been frequent here for the past 2 years I've gotten to know the front cashier lady who is very nice and also found out that the best cook they have online is the one that works the late night hours. Been here at all times of day and found out that everything from taste of food and service is much better late night. I would recommend their shrimp burrito, fish tacos, carne asada burrito and their al pastor(grilled marinated pork) nachos. It's not the healthiest of choice but for the quality and quantity they give it definitely outweighs the price. So if four looking for a late night craving of Mexican food with a great selection of aguas frescas(horchata, tamarindo, pina, etc.) look no further! Btw, they have a 24hr operation and drive thru. Given 3 stars cause of location, lack of cleanliness, and lack of consistency as mentioned earlier regarding am staff versus the stellar pm staff. I know sounds like I'm asking for the stars but I should keep it in perspective it is a whole in the wall diner with great tasting food.
3	This is just like Filiberto's. Fast-food mexican food. It's really good and taste pretty authentic to me. My hubby and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat and we went there because he heard it was good from his co-workers. I'm a huge critic of mexican rice and beans and this place has it down. I got the lunch special of the day which was 2 bean tostadas with beans and rice. It was sooo much food and I was so stuffed!  Next time I will get something smaller. You can't beat all that food for $5! They have a good salsa bar with all the fixings!
4	I've been eating at this Armando's since High School and have always loved the food and service. The ladies at the counter are always really friendly and a 24 hour drive thru is heaven for late light cravings or coming home from being out late! As a "mature adult" my taste buds have also matured, but Armando's has a place in my heart that can never be replaced by fancy restaurants. Some of my favorites:- Armando's Breakfast burrito- Carne Asada Fries (they only use Angus meat!!!)- Adovada Burritos- Rolled Tacos
3	Hash brown breakfast burrito with ham, sausage, bacon, eggs, cheese and enough cholesterol to have cardio issues before you finish. The food is good. Armandos now has a Filiberto sign. I'm not sure if they bought or merged. Just tell me the recipe for the red hot sauce. Anyone, who has the recipe?
4	I have an emotional connection to this restaurant so I may be a little biased. This is the Mexican fast food that my parents would take me to when I was younger...whatever but I LOVE ARMANDO'S. Armando is always reliable on a late night or really, any time at all. I haven't had a majority of the menu, but for basics like the bean and cheese, chips with cheese and guac, rolled tacos with cheese and guac are delicious when you're craving such things. I also absolutely love their veggie burrito (without lettuce) and the Armando's breakfast burrito. Sometimes it can be hit or miss, usually involving too much unmelted cheese, but I can't help but love it. I will always root for Armando's over any other late night Mexican. Even when I lived in Tempe I would drive out to Armando's. My friends agree that it is the best amongst the Mexican fast food. I've never had a problem with service, even over the 4324328940 times i've been there. They always give plenty of napkins and sauces which is always necessary when eating Armando's. Go there! Don't let the Fili B's in the same complex defeat Armando's!!!!!!
4	This place is better, the beans are made with oil and are just delicious. The rice was moist and flavorful, not to mention the awesome salsa bar they have going on inside. The specials are marked on a board by the counter as you come in. I remember when we used to sneak in burritos in the Harkins Theater just across the way. This is one of the better fast food Mexican restaurants to get you late night fix and they are open 24 hours...
4	Breakfast at Armando's is awesome.  I always get the steak, egg and cheese burrito. Recently had lunch for the first time and had the Chicken Enchilada plate with red sauce and it was awesome.  The girls that work there are always nice and friendly.  I just wish they had a beer license.
1	Bean and cheese burrito was awful. The beans tasted like the canned beans you buy at the supermarket. Overpriced food.  Try Filiberto's instead. Some of them have daily specials running monday thru friday.
1	They serve Pepsi.  Got horribly sick about 30 minutes after I finished my meal.
3	After my Sunny D Fast I got hungry. I headed over to the dumpster packed in neatly against the billiard joint and Red Wing Boot shop. Armando's is a dive. Food tasty. Armando's Breakfast Burrito: Egg, (scrambled) potatoes, cheese. Number #2 greasy soaked in taco oil. Beans are usually cooked, rice is edible. Drive thru takes around 10 minutes to get through the 3 cars in front of the window. Hardly any traffic. Different staff every night. Owner is never present. Shrimp is delicious on certain nights. Don't get fooled by the prices, they appear cheap, except when you order a "large" Horchata. The price raises to around 12 dollars.  Once you leave the side of the drive thru. Be careful because the main street is facing traffic. If you want to be safe, try driving cautiously around the opposite side where Pizza Hut is. Open all Night.
3	I had the beef taco plate with a Mexican coke. Very good, will go back next time I am in the area
1	Just an egg and cheese breakfast burrito, came with random grills scraps.  Just nasty.  Egg tasted like it was cooked with engine oil.
3	Filabertos has been closed for awhile now so I decided to try the nearby Armandos. To my surprise I was disappointed. I have been to this location twice and both times took forever. I used the drive thru and went inside the store. The second visit they lost my ticket and had to ask my order again. I had the carne asada quesadilla which was very dry and the chorizo breakfast burrito was just okay (the only reason this got 3 stars instead of 2). I will probably give it one more shot.
3	Not bad for Mexican fast food. The burrito with "everything" in it (and the kitchen sink) are decent. My only gripe was the long wait when we went through the drive-through. We only had one car in front of us and waited forever for our turn, then when we ordered (3 burritos), we were asked to pull over to a parking space and waited forever again!
3	Been coming here for years. It's the best of the fast Mexican joints by far
4	This spot is great for late night food or Mexican food in the neighborhood or something not chipotle. I like the nachos or street tacos. They've recently started charging to use debit or credit for your purchase. That's a buzzkill
3	After living by this restaurant for a over a year I decided to give it a try tonight.  It has been raved as a great to place to eat by a local entertainer and I figured I would give it a shot.  Service was slow through the drive thru.  I ordered a chicken quesadilla and the girl forgot what I ordered by the time I got to the window.   As for the quesadilla the chicken was a little dry and not nearly enough cheese.   I would prefer next time they cut the quesadilla.  I got it home and it was just folded in a Styrofoam box.   Del Taco and Taco Bell at least cut theirs.
5	I can't believe I have never reviewed or checked in here before. We go all the time and its boyfriends favorite burrito place.I always get the adobada and he gets a variety of things including the rolled tacos which are always good. The breakfast burritos are great too.The people are always super fast and nice and its cheap!
4	I love this place!!! Better than the other huge franchise in the valley. The cashier is so sweet and the food is always great. I hesitated going for awhile, because from the street it's not that impressive and if you're from here you know that getting good food here is a crap shoot. But I was running late one day so gave it a shot. The carne asada burrito is so good and the rolled taco supreme is just beyond words. Tricky to eat, but amazing. Wasn't crazy about their milk cake though, it was soggy, like it had been frozen and defrosted
2	I love there food. Cure for any hangover and grat for late night beer munchies. But today the service was horrible! We waited 25 - 30 mins for 2 burritos! Everyone seemed to get there food before us. The burritos were really good tho.
3	Ok so went to Armando's for the first time recently and got a delicious ham, egg, and cheese breakfast burrito and coffee for $4! My friends got grilled chicken and veggie burritos also very cheap and also pretty tasty for the price. However there were a few negatives about Armando's that definetly stuck out. First, when I went into the bathroom there were two cockroaches crawling around (big deal breaker). Second the food is clearly not the most healthy or made with the freshest ingredients (however that wasn't exactly expected). The service was ok in that; it was fast and we got whatever sides and salsa we wanted at no extra charge. Overall if there weren't any roaches and it would have been cleaner and better maintained would have given Armando's four stars for it's convenience.
5	Great!  fast breakfast lunch dinnerMexican food. Muy Saboso!I've grown-up in the southwest and know good Mexican food when I find it. This place used to be called Armando's but has recently changed hands, however the food is just downright tasty.The green sauce and red sauce are flavorful and just hot enough.anything with chicken is juicy and tender. The beans are cooked to perfection in. I haven't tried the breakfast Barito selections yet. They do have green chilies from New Mexico which is a real plus in Arizonaso give this place a shot when you're working late at night and you need to get a quick fix in the neighborhood.
