5	I bought a certificate last week  from buywithme.com for a 90 minute massage for $30. It was advertised as a pre or post natal massage so I thought it would be perfect because I'm 39 weeks pregnant. I just crossed my fingers that it would feel good for going that long (meanign that the massage was good and not bad). I called in advance of buying to make sure she could take me this week since I'm delivering on Friday. She called me back promptly...which is always a good sign! I had my massage earlier today and could not have thoroughly enjoyed this any more. It was the best massage I've had in a long time but in particular, while I've been pregnant (and I've had a few). I wish I could buy more certificates at this price but would still pay the $80 (what she normally charges for an hour and a half) if I go again (just because it's not too close to my house). I would absolutely recommend this to anyone looking for a pregnancy massage or even a regular massage in general. She rents space where they have a bunch of individual "offices" so it's somewhat of an intimate setting and she took me ON TIME and went the full hour and a half!!! Just in case you're wondering, she did not have the table with the hole cut out so I did lay on my sides but was still very comfortable. 5 stars for sure!!
5	I, too, purchased this massage as a coupon, specifically for prenatal. I'm 31 weeks, and I must say, it was worth every penny!!! I will definately return to Megan for a post-natal massage. She was sensitive to what I needed, and the environment was very cozy.  Check it out, you will be pleased!
5	I bought a massage certificate a few months ago for Tranquil Massage.  I was kind of wondering what I would get for such a great deal.....and it was wonderful!  Megan took the time to ask me about what areas were going to need the most work (I spend ALL day on a computer, so the neck and shoulders take the brunt of the punishment), and how long I wanted her to spend working out those kinks.  She took care of them, plus the lower back, areas that needed it too!  This is what Megan loves doing and she has a great natural talent I think.  Will be back to see her again, that's for sure!!
5	I LOVE this place!! One of the best massages I've EVER had! I found this place on WeeklyPlus for $30 for an hour. The owner, Megan, also runs deals all the time, like TWO hour massages for $29!!! Beat that! and Shes the BEST. She's so friendly and is so good at what she does.She's flexible with times, prices and located right in the heart of Old Town. If you want a relaxing, fabulous massage that won't rob your wallet..you've found it.
5	I had my first massage appt. with Megan at Tranquil Massage just two days ago.  She was great, and the massage was amazing.  I frequently buy massage deals thorugh the groupon-like sites, and the massage I had here was honestly the best ever.  Megan was so kind and accomedating.  I will definetly be back!
5	Haven't had a massage in while and megan did a wonderful job adjusting to my needs and concerns. Tranqill is very accommodating and in a relaxing environment. I would reccomend to anyone.
5	Best places for a massage!  This place is in the heart of Old Town and is a great buy for your wallet.  Megan was so nice and she made sure I felt comfortable.  If you are in the need for a massage, please visit Megan at Tranquil and she will help get rid of those knots.
4	I must say, prior to Tranquil Massage, I was not keen on the idea of strangers rubbing me down for an hour with only a sheet between us... Now, it seems I'm always looking forward to my next visit. Megan and Rene are both fantastic. They have different styles of massage, but both are effective and get the job done.I found this business on a HomeRun deal, which I forwarded on to my bf, roomie and a couple friends who all bought it as well. This was probably one of the best deals I've ever bought!  I think every one of us is still regularly scheduling appointments ... Megan offers packages of massages at a great price, so you won't feel such a pinch when you're treating yourself to a great service!  The new location is still in Old Town Scottsdale and they can run 2 tables at once, so you and your hunny (or a friend) can indulge together. =)
5	Megan is great. She is so attentive to your needs and provides excellent service. I would recommend Tranquil Massage to anyone
2	After attempting numerous times to talk to a real person, I kept getting a voice mail stating they were 'in session". There was no way to even leave a message for a return phone call. So, I booked online with a female, Rene. I showed up on time yet they failed to inform me that they changed locations. By the time I went to the new location I was already 10 minutes late. I was greeted by a male masseuse who told me that they should have notified me of the new address when they confirmed. Except I never got a phone call to confirm OR to ask me if it was ok for a male. Not cool. I  booked a "trigger point" which was $10 more, I do extensive trigger point work on balls and rollers and was really looking forward to having someone else address these muscle knots. Unfortunately, the masseuse never put enough pressure to address any muscle knots. I thought that there was a mix up and maybe I was booked for a swedish...but no, at the end of the massage I was charged more for deep tissue. It was an aggressive Swedish at best. Masseuse was nice. Establishment was clean and pleasant. I wont be going back. It was a waste of my time and money.
1	Although nothing major went wrong with my massage, it was certainly not at all relaxing or what I had expected.I write this review in attempt to help those who are considering Tranquil Massage for the first time, as well as the business owner or manager. I understand not everyone can afford to get a massage at a high-end spa, but I think whomever considers a massage here needs to have clear expectations.I booked my appointment online, requested a female therapist, and even selected my appointment time based on a "Renee" who would be my therapist. Upon arrival to the building, my first thought was, 'maybe I should just go home.' Not exactly what you want to feel when you are about to be half naked with a stranger. I had been given the massage as a gift from a relative, so I thought I may as well walk-in to see what this place was all about - you know, 'never judge a book by its cover.' Upon walking in the building, I nearly bumped into a male (at the time didn't realize that he was a therapist), who just asked, "Are you here for a massage?" I replied yes, and he turned around (was he getting ready to leave?) and lead me into a cold waiting area - no frills, clean, but uncomfortable, smelled kinda funky. He never told me his name, or asked for my name, confirming that I had an appointment. He asked me to fill out a medical form. While I filled it out, I heard another male voice arguing with someone on the telephone.  At this point, I was thinking, 'where is Renee?', and thought maybe he was just getting me all set while she finished up another client or something. I had to use the restroom before we started, and while in there, I thought, 'maybe I should just walk out.' But, again tried to talk myself through it, thinking that I shouldn't be so judgemental, and that I'm sure everything was fine. So I went back. He walked me into a less-than-impressive massage room - again, cold, terrible lighting, and scantily furnished. He started to review my form with me, as I thought, 'is he the one doing my massage? should i tell him I requested a female?' For some reason, I didn't say anything. I guess still hopeful that it wasn't him that would be giving me a massage. UNTIL, he said he would wait outside while I undressed to my comfort level. (1st rule of spa business, if a client requests a female, don't ignore the request. If only a male is available, call the client to confirm it is OK.)  I thought, 'well I guess this is it...'  He came back and began my massage. He was nice enough, and seemed to ask the right questions, however the massage was mediocre at best. The whole time I kept thinking about how uncomfortable I was, the lights were left on bright - which I guess was good so that I didnt feel that I was in a dark room with a strange man, but also a terrible practice for a spa, the music was too loud, I could hear cars driving by outside the window, a cricket was chirping throughout, and even the way the therapist rubbed lotion in his hands bothered me. My mind was buzzing so much with all the things that seemed wrong, or made me uncomfortable, in the end, I just couldn't wait to go home. I wished that I had just left the multiple times I thought about it when I first arrived.Based on the other Yelp reviews on the therapists that ARE actually listed on the company website, they sound legit. However, for whomever owns this business, and any potential future clients, you need to be aware of how terrible my expereince was. There are many lessons that should be taken from my review, and I hope, for the sake of the business and others who may encounter what I did, that the persons in charge of this company's image spend less time worrying about getting "likes" on Facebook and producing marketing materials, until they have the basics down.
3	Dang ... I'm so bummed at the increase in prices.  To go from $70 for a package of 3 massages to $165 was a shock. I get that you need to make a profit, but thats a big jump. I don't mind that this is a very basic, no-frills place for massage.  This is not a high-end salon. I'm a simple person. The table is comfortable and Rene's massage makes it possible for me to turn my head without pain in my neck.  Unfortunately, the 235% price hike takes Tranquil out of my disposable income range.  Sad face. Had to take away a star as the price of the massage was a huge part of the appeal.
2	After reading the way the owner rips other reviews and their writers apart, I'm glad I have a false name on my Yelp account.  No signage anywhere indicating where Tranquil Massage was in the array of suites.  I've had multiple massage experiences and Rene was ok.  Not great, not terrible.  Having a coupon made this ok - full price would be a huge waste and not worth it.  Entire operation seems unprofessional and disorganized.  Again, seeing the owner tear apart any bad review is in poor taste itself.  Don't waste your time here.
5	I love Massages and my new massage therapist Megan was AWESOME! I bought a groupon for this hidden gem and am so glad I picked the "3X" option. I get to go back in Dec. & Jan. WOOHOO!!!! Megan also taught me why I was having such back pain like I do and treated me like a friend. I felt completely comfortable there and wish I could go back today!
5	My girlfriend has been going to a massage therapist in Scottsdale for a few years and suggested I give it a try. I have never had a massage in my life and I was very nervous, but I was willing to give it a shot. The price was right, and I had my first massage this past week. I was booked with Megan, the owner, for Wednesday after work.The website was easy to use and looked very professional. The three therapists on there had brief bios that made sense to me. I was very surprised by other reviews who seem to not know the difference between Rene and Renee. HE even says in his bio that HE is a MAN. (To clarify this, perhaps a head shot of each employee with his or her bio be used.) I snagged the address and map from the website and found it quickly near the edge of Old Town Scottsdale near Olive Garden. The business is small. If you expect some huge salon place, go elsewhere. Tranquil Massage is for the personal, small business touch so missing in today's consumer market. There is a similar business that shares some office space, but everyone was very nice and it was very calm.I entered the front office where I was met by Megan who asked me to fill out a simple form detailing my health history (just the basics) and any meds I may be on. Then she led me into a smaller, clean room with a heated massage table, crisp, clean sheets and tranquil, quiet music playing. There were no outside sounds from other rooms or the road. Megan was very professional and went over the sheet with me before and explained, in detail, what would happen during my massage.She stepped out before I disrobed and got into position on the table. She came back in after a few minutes and began working on my body in the manner she explained beforehand. The music played lightly, some instrumental and with vocals, I could not hear the street noise or anyone outside of the room, and Megan and I chatted through the hour I was on the table for my Swedish Massage.  She was very personable and friendly. Afterward, she explained that I needed to drink lots of water and that I should take a few minutes to relax before dressing. She excused herself at that point.A few minutes later I went out to the lobby where she gave me a sealed bottle of cold water to drink. Another massage therapist, Rene, came through the door. I was introduced to him, and he seemed very nice, too. I confirmed my next appointment time and left. I did read all of the other reviews on this page recently, and I was floored by some of the negativity. One person had written that she'd never been there, but she had the gall to leave a review. I think that's against Yelp's policy. That reviewer said she didn't like Megan's responses to reviews, so I read them closely. I saw a professional, small business owner directly addressing every single concern every reviewer had on Yelp. Yes, this is a small business. I think there are four employees. It's in a shared space, too. Yes, Rene is a man. It says that in several places on the webpage. The online appointment system clearly has the information including address (I love online email reminders!). Tranquil Massage was wonderful, and I will be back in a few weeks for my next massage.
2	This is an ok place, but there are better places to go in Scottsdale where the people are pleasant and its a better value.   No signage anywhere indicating where Tranquil Massage was both on the inside or outside.  It took me 10 minutes to find the place.  Also, when I got there the person who greeted me was VERY rude and said well you're very late.  Come on I was 7 minutes late and your place was super hard to find.  I almost walked out.  I've had multiple massage experiences, and my person was ok.  Not great, not terrible.
4	This place is great! The massages are always incredible and the price (especially on Groupon) is good. They care about doing a good job and it shows. It is kind of a hidden place but they do a good job. The prices after the groupon are a bit high, however, so I do not know if I'll go regularly.
2	Would never go back!!  The worst part of our trip was the lack of tranquility this place had to offer. It was actually a joke. My massage therapist Michael was good but the surrounding chaos from salon that was in the same area with slamming of the doors, constant laughing was unexceptable for a tranquil experience!!  Not sure how you have 4 out of 5 stars on yelp but after my boyfriend and I are done, it should knock it down a bit!   Don't waste your money at this place!!!    Tranquil massage, you should be very happy that you got a 2, you should thank your your technician for that!
2	Not sure where to start......   The good, Ita was great.  The bad.  First off there isn't even a sign to tell you where this place is at, its a building with some offices and thats it.  I walked into the "office" and was greeted by a guy across the hall in a different office and he asked if I was here for a massage, so this confusion of where to go must be common.  As I sat to wait to be taken into the massage room hoping that it was going to be across the hall because where I was sitting was surrounded by a bunch of people and kids making a ton of noise.  Guess what?  I was wrong.  I was taken into the room right across the hall from the noise makers.  Nothing but loud people yelling laughing and slamming doors.  You can hear kids running and laughing the whole time, so much for being tranquil.  The owner of this place should be ashamed of picking a location where you share an office with a bunch of loud obnoxious people.  Never go there.  Ita please find a job somewhere besides this place.
3	I've had 3 massage here and found the massage therapists were okay and good. But, the atmosphere is poor to fair as stated by other reviews. The office or reception two out of the three visits stunk of fast food, the exact garbage that professional massage and those wishing to live healthy and genuine do not condone. There are other red flags about this massage business that would normally compel me to select 2 stars, but it gets 3 because the Therapists themselves likely do not deserve that connection.
