4	A wide variety of fresh baked goodies for like $1 a piece, how can it get better.  This place seriously is really great, there is a ton of stuff to choose from and it's all nice quality with great flavor.  Their chocolate eclairs are great and so are their donuts.  The churros I thought could have used some cinnamon but other than that they were really good as well.  The service was good as well, they were really helpful.  I've never special ordered a cake from here so I don't know how the handle orders like that, but would certainly give it a try because they make some really good stuff.
4	In a fit of experimentation, we tried this place.  How weird is it to find a bakery open late at night on a Sunday, with plenty of fresh pastries on hand?  Anyway, the big winner was the giant piece of fresh tasty flan for $2.25 (feeds 2 or more).
3	I love authentic places, and Las Delicias falls into that category. Their baked goods and pastries are what would bring folks in the door, but their little secret is this: fresh tamales. Yum! I used them to supply the Pan de Muertos for my annual Day of the Dead party, and they did not disappoint. Aside from the low pricetags, you'll get homemade treats at Las Delicias for reasonable prices. Don't let your rusty Spanish scare you away: these folks know the language of food.
3	Doughnuts the size of your head. Insane guava pastries. And all those cakes that I'll never buy, buy love to stare at. Service is always with a smile, and they have awesome hours. Next time you have plans to make sammies for dinner, stop by here for some freshly made bolillos. You'll be converted.
5	Hit up Delicias for the best churros in Charlotte. The prices are excellent, and the baked goods are as awesome as Amelie's without the ambience. You can also get the elusive Mexican Coke there, which contains real sugar instead of high-fructose corn syrup.
3	Las Delicias did impress me more than other panaderias I've seen to date, primarily because of the churros.  They've got the cookies and conchas that most other bakeries have, but in addition their churros were fresh even in the afternoon.  I tried the regular ones, not the cajeta stuffed ones (which I would generally recommend to anyone with an insatiable tooth for caramelly sweets).  Prices were just okay though.  I've seen similar quality for cheaper - less than a buck a piece.
5	Las Delicias has become my favorite spot for sweet treats.  They have a surprising variety of pastries, cookies and other amazingly addictive items (like the fried, sugar-coated doughnuts that are cut in half and filled sandwich-style with vanilla custard).  Their prices are excellent - you can get a bag of goodies for under $5 - and their staff is always friendly.  I think their French pastries are just as yummy as those from any other bakery in Charlotte (yes, I just compared them to Amelie's - don't hate me).  Plus they have churro cake.  Churro.  Cake.  It's a giant cake with its sides completely covered in churros, and it's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.   Be sure to bring cash unless you plan on spending more than $10.
4	Excellent selection of pastries, cookies, and cakes. I bought 4 conchas, a piece of cake, 4 cookies, and a bag of day old's for less than 8 dollars.Everything was very fresh and they still had a good variety by late afternoon.
5	While I have never actually been in Las Delicias, I was at a company Christmas party at 3 Amigos, and Las Delicias catered all our desserts for the evening. All I have is two words for ya, TRES LECHES. Wow, this was possibly the best cake I have ever eaten in my life. Perfectly fluffy, light, and super rich all at the same time. Absolutely would go here just for that alone.They also made a full flan dessert for us. While I am not personally a fan of flan, everyone else raved about it. To finish it off we had guava empanadas. Wow, were those good. The perfect amount of sweetness.Gracias Las Delicias!!!
4	holy guava cheese goodness!Tucked away in the corner of the strip I didn't expect there to be too many options at 4pm, but I was wrong. The case to the left (seems to have been a revamp recently) was full of: chocolate covered strawberries (and other fruits), solid chocolate rats (I'd like to say mouse, but it definitely had a rat body), glazed fruit tarts, apple coconut pieces, slices of cake... you get the picture. To the right, colorful cakes, donuts, cheese and fruit filled goodness (occasionally a spicy ham & cheese is there after lunchtime), elephant ears, and those bins of fresh bread! The refrigerated section along the back is filled with decorated cakes and drinks... so grab some tongs and a tray and get shopping! I hadn't been in in a long time, but the woman behind the counter was more the willing to go through the different fillings and cakes with me, and help me narrow it down so I didn't fall victim to my "I'm hungry and I want to buy everything" mindset. Everything ended up being about $1 each, and the guava cheese pastry was even better than I remembered.
5	About a year ago, I used to come here and buy gigantic donuts for my kids.  That was it.  There were other pastries on the shelves but I had no idea what they were. My 1 year of Spanish in high school didn't make it easy to communicate, ?comprende?But I came back here the other day and decided to try things out.  And there was a woman working who was so very helpful.  So we filled up a bag with some empanadas con queso and jamon (flaky pastry filled with cheese and ham), cacahuates (two cookies with a delicious custard in the middle), besos (little kisses stuffed with jelly and sprinkled with sugar).  Also threw in a few of their gigantic donuts and some other unknown items for good measure.  It was a lot of sweets and the cost ... only $13!  And then the woman working there gave me a free French-influenced pastry on the way out.  Too nice!  I only had a credit card and they didn't leave a line for a tip.  When I go back (soon), I'm bringing cash and I'm going to give them a big ole tip.And when I go back (this week), I'm going to try the bolillo bread, which I saw other customers loading up on.  It looks like a small football and after doing a little research online, it's basically a baguette but originated in Mexico.   Who knew?I might also try the pig cookies.  Yes, they had some cookies shaped like pigs.  Interesting.  By the way, I think they are pretty much open all the time - seven days a week and from early in the morning until past dinner time.  Everyone should do themselves a favor and check this place out.  It's wonderful.
4	This is by far the best Hispanic bakery in Charlotte. All of my friends from NY and Miami as well as other larger metropolitan areas with a large Hispanic influence, agree. My family who was born in El Salvador, also agrees that this is the best bakery, by far for the comunidad hispanohablante in Charlotte. I'm looking forward to the next birthday in our family so we can pick up one of their cakes surrounded with churros. Yum!My only complains were that last time I came, I too was told that I would be given things "on the house," but I'm pretty sure the cashier did not get that message and I paid for everything. I think that it is pricier than other Hispanic eateries in comparison but it's worth it because you do get what you pay for...I second the guava cheese pastries!
3	I was so excited to come here and taste some pastries. I read all the reviews and got ready to go. I grab some strawberry cake, cupcakes, peach cake, and dulce de leche. Why in the world my strawberry cake had like 2 small strawberries and sprinkles on top. For a moment I thought it was ice cream I was about to eat with all the sprinkles they put. The only good part of the cakes were the top. They were nice and moist. I so miss my cakes from NYC. To top it all of this bakery is in hood. I will NOT go their anymore but I will definitely go to the store next to it. They sale all types of nail polish and more stuff and way cheaper.
5	I had eaten some of their Tres Leches cake at Three Amigos before, and I finally decided to make a trip out here for myself.  Oh my goodness, I am in love with this bakery!Knowing that their Tres Leches was the best I've ever had, we decided to get a couple of pieces of that and two other pasties.  It came out to around $11.  On our way out, the lady working at the counter offered us a custard out of the case.  It had passion fruit in it, and I'll be darned if it was not one of the most delicious things I had ever eaten.  It was like a creme brulee with fruit mixed in (except no crust on top).  Yum!I can't wait to come back here again, because this place is cheap, friendly, and delicious.  Now if I could only remember the name of that fruit custard...
5	Best experience ever! We met the owner and he was great to talk to. He personally showed us the different pastries and cakes they offered. He made a few recommendations but honestly everything looked so good! Great customer service and attentive. My husband and I came in for the pan dulce (sweet bread) but we ended up getting a little of everything. Their jello is not only delicious but so pretty! Haha Definitely a great place to get dessert or cakes for special occasions. I don't think I will be going to any other bakeries because this one is it. They were doing some renovations when we came in which makes me excited to see the changes. Will be back soon!
4	Wouldn't have found this place without seeing the Yelp deal and glad that I did.  It's a no-frills bakery with plenty of yummy deliciousness that's all for more than reasonable prices!  Got myself three caramel-filled churros, a slice of flan, two sweet breads and an empanada all for $10!  It was enough for my husband and I to take home and enjoy over the next few days.  The churros are still yummy after you pop them in the microwave to heat them up.  And the flan!  Oh, the flan.  So rich and dense and sweet.  One of the best flans I've ever had.The girl at the counter was super sweet and pointed out everything to us and explained what each item was so we could make our selections.  It's a bit out of the way for me to go here, but if I am in the area, I will definitely stop by again.
5	I love this place! A quaint bakery nestled in a small plaza. Definitely a great find! There pastries are delicious, especially their sweet bread! The owner is a great guy!! The employees are nice!!
2	I purchased 7 items from here and only enjoyed one. The Tres Leches was awesome, one of the best I've ever tasted, but the doughnuts, churros and assorted sweet breads were incredibly dry and flavorless.
3	I like that they started carrying Colombian breads at decent prices. Love their bread when it's fresh. It's a hit and miss with the freshness. My favorite it's a braid bread with condensed milk and raisins that they make. I've had a cake made its was good but pricier than average cakes I've purchased for a lot less. But overall I like them.
5	Location, it is not very exposed, had to drive through twice to be able to find it, their sign isn't that big but if you are looking for it, it is located across the street from the CVS pharmacy on Kilborne and Central. The parking lot is very small and it was hard to find a spot. Customer Service: The lady in the front Lula was very friendly and patient, the best part is she spoke English! my friends have told me that when they come in, the staff hardly understood them or didn't speak English at all, I was very glad that they have a bilingual person. Even though she was by herself and had a line; everyone was asking her questions, she was very polite and calm, for a sunday evening you would think they would have more staff to take care of the customers, but one register open delays things, not the girl's fault mainly because almost everyone had questions about everything including me, however she was very nice and for our patience gave us a complimentary Colombian bread to try it, which was delicious!!! They also have FREE coffee.Products: They have amazing tres leches cakes and pastries, everything was fresh, I bought one of each and loved every single cake that I tried, the place itself smells great, you can definitely tell that they bake everything there, and the lady told us they do it everyday. The sweet breads are unbelievable, the lady recommended the Mexican style cheesecake, which was great and for my husband that drinks coffee every morning she recommended the Cheese Pound Cake with powdered sugar on top and that was the best! Price: It is expensive, I'm not going to lie, but it is worth every penny. You really get what you pay for and fresh. If it was up to me and I would have known that it was going to be this good, I would have even paid more, I have had cakes and pastries from Nova's and Amelie's but the tres leches cake from Las Delicias takes the first place on my list.This place is great, they also have tables and chairs to sit down and have a cup of the free coffee and a bread or cake. They have an espresso machine but the girl said they will be selling them in a month, if they also sell cappuccino, I am sure I will be coming all the time.
5	Was so happy that they were open early on a Sat. morning.  I'd just eaten breakfast nearby but couldn't resist stopping in after hearing about this place.  The lady at the counter is so very nice.  I brought home a guava and cheese empanada and a piece of tiramisu.  Both were out of this world.  This is definitely a place that I'll revisit often.
4	Good local Spanish bakery. We've been there a few times. The whole-wheat croissants are delicious.
3	We got tres leches cake (walnut and chocolate) and tamales (pork, chicken, and jalapeno cheese).  Came out to about $11 and some change.Wasn't too impressed with the cake.  It wasn't moist/wet (that's what he said?)... which, I feel, is the very essence of tres leches cake.  It was good, I just think I could've made a cake of equal caliber.  BUT WAIT, the tamales were pretty good.  Could've used some tomatillo salsa or some kind of sauce (I'm a condiment enthusiast)... but even alone, they were tasty.
4	The chicken tamales are good.  The pastries weren't so bad either.  Very friendly service. Free parking.
5	I bought their groupon and ended up buying a lot! Got to say their flan was amazing!!!!!! My husband and I are very picky about any flan but this one really passed the test. The store was clean and nice, will def go again :)
2	This place is ok. Yesterday was my second time visiting. It was my birthday so thought I would get myself some treats. I got the chicken and beef empanadas, the guava and cream cheese stuffed pastry, tres leches cake and flan (don't worry, I didn't eat it all at once :). It was my first time trying flan; after two bites, I realized it's just not for me. The pastries were dry; I love empanadas but these were more like beef and chicken patties, just not flavorful enough. And I've seen reviews saying this is "the best tres leches cake ." I have to disagree; the icing and sprinkles take away from the cake and it's pretty dry for a cake that should be soaked in three kinds of milk. For the best tres leches, go to Viva Chicken. The girl at the counter was friendly and helpful though.
4	I have always enjoyed the selection of treats at Las Delicias.  The staff is very friendly , I make a visit al least once a week!!
4	Las Delicias is one of my favorite bakeries in Charlotte because of their delicious authentic baked goods. Their passion fruit tres leches is my favorite. They have a great selection of pastries to choose from and a very welcoming staff. I love supporting local businesses and Las Delicias will always have my support.
2	We ordered a tres leches cake for my daughters birthday party and we were disappointed.  It looked pretty but it was too soggy.  We won't order that kind of cake again.
2	I was absolutely not impressed with this place.  However, I did try the chile and cheese tamales and they were pretty damn good.
