3	With bright orange walls - the place looks like Kam's. OK - don't get turned off yet. Since it's open late night - you can go there after Kam's. Wait, why are even you at Kam's?The food is actually good and inspired by some of the top Chicago dog joints. In honor of the Weiner Circle in Chicago, Big Mouth uses fresh melted cheddar cheese for your fries, beef or burgers. Similar to Hot Doug's in Chicago, BM names their combo meals after relatively famous Big Mouths. And just like Superdawg, BM serves up their Chicago Style Dogs with neon green relish. I'm still not sure what I think about fried Twinkies dipped in chocolate.  It looks the same as how it'll exit your body at the end of the day. Yum!
1	I was never a fan of Chicago style dogs and never thought of patronizing this place. But I happened to stop by after Legend's and had a Polish sausage there. It was just okay but it was a little burnt. Their fries is also a little too greasy for me. Seriously, don't expect great food at this place. But it's okay if you're looking for some grub after a few drinks at the bars.
3	Is it just me or is the guy who works there an ass?  I don't know if he's trying to pull a Billy Goat's type of act, but instead of being funny, he just pisses me off.Other than that though, it's a good place to stop by after a night at the bars as it's right smack dab in the middle of Green Street and fulfills your alcohol induced craving for artery clogging grease.I wouldn't stop by for food during the day as there are many more healthful choices around Champaign.  It appears that everyone else agrees since Big Mouth's is almost always completely empty during the day.You get some good deals, and the food isn't too bad, but I still wish it hadn't replaced Sushi County.
5	Ok so here's the low down, I had an old review on here with 2/5 stars, but its been long since my freshman year since i've come here, and i've become acquainted with some of the staff...anyhoo, the convenience of ordering on campusfood for bigmouth's allows for use of a 3 dollar off coupon, which coupled with a hotdog and fries meal means a free hot dog and fries.  Big mouth's actually tries, I see new advertising campaigns and various additions to the menu, as well as a revamping of physical instore menu.New additions include Pasta, lemon ices, and a new cheese fry.As for the Cheese Fries that come with the super expensive cheese sauce, I must say, that I am addicted to them, some people hate them, but I must say I LOVE them, I used to come in weekly just to order fries.Today, I came in because I saw they had a service that allowed for free stuff! I got a txt message to my phoneYou can get free stuff too, just send a text message to "30364" with the word "Relish" and you get a free prize. I got a coupon good for Free pasta and italian ice. The lemon ice was really delicious on this warm day in champaign.As for the fries, I am addicted.As for the burgers and chardogs, I get them sometimes, but I always come for the fries.This review dedicated to Nick @ BMs
2	Price:  Great.Food:  "You get what you pay for."This place sports some pretty cheap food, allowing you to get a full meal for under $5, but it's too bad that the food here just isn't that great.  The hot dogs taste kind of weird (when don't they, though?) and their Italian sausages are only so-so compared to what I can get elsewhere.  The chicken strips are probably the best thing that I've eaten here, but that isn't saying too much.  Fries are available with pretty much every order, but unfortunately, they taste horrible.  They lack crispiness and don't make up for it in potato.  If you have a few, you'll know what I mean.
2	A decent hot dog joint. a meal with 2 hot dogs and fries is 5 bucks. Atmosphere is almost nonexistent. The hot dogs were good, the fries weren't bad. I will probably  not go back.
4	Big Mouth's is a Chicago-Style hot dog joint. If you're not familiar, in Chicago you don't go to Gene and Jude's or even Portillo's for the "atmosphere." Big Mouth's delivers just what they advertise, Chicago style hot dogs and assorted other grilled animals. The hot dogs are 2 for $5 and come with fresh-cut fries, a good deal in my book.The hot dogs are made correctly - Vienna Beef (complete with obligatory "snap"), poppy seed bun, sport pepper, celery salt, grilled onions (?), and THANKFULLY - the neon-green relish. A gripe of mine is that they will graciously put Ketchup on a "Chicago Style Hot Dog," but that's the only caveat. The fries are pretty decent, but if you get them delivered, they may need extra salt.I guess if you have little creativity you could call this "drunk food," as it is greasy, but in reality it's a good place to get some comfort food for cheap, a good change from the 10,000 Asian restaurants on Green Street.
5	My Big Mouth Picks:Chicken sandwich Lettuce Mayo Tomato with fries + 1 order of cheese friesGrill Char Dog with fries--Grilled onions, mustard, totmatoAmerican Cheese- Cheeseburger Lettuce Mayo TomatoItalian Ice is pretty good too!
2	No.That wasn't directed at anyone in particular. I just don't like this place. The hot dogs are fine, nothing special. The deep fried twinkie is... well, it's disgusting, but that's not really a shock, right?My issue is this. I'm not one to pile toppings on my burgers, but cheese is a must, so I ordered the cheddar burger thinking it was a burger with cheese on it. Not a huge leap to make. The burger came with not a slice of cheese but an enormous amount of the worst fake cheese sauce I have ever tasted. In conclusion: ...There isn't anything that they have I find specifically worth coming HERE for. You can find a better cheeseburger anywhere and a better hot dog most places.
3	While UIUC seems to have plenty of chinese take out joints and pizzerias along Green Street, there is a surprisingly small concentration of restaurants that specialize in true Chicago-style hot dogs.Sadly though, the Hot Dogs are just ok. While the hot dog itself was a typical vienna beef sausage that I am used to, the condiments were second rate. Especially the onions, which are grilled rather than raw. Maybe it's just a personal preference, but eating a hot dog with grilled onions just isn't the same.The fresh cut french fries, however, were outstanding, and thankfully they come free with everything, making this place a good pick if you are looking for an incredibly cheap meal.
2	I've been here a few times and probably won't go back. The food is just...okay. Nothing special. They tout having the best burger in C-U, but I can't see who would give them that award. Maybe the problem is I've never had a hot dog here?
4	Y'know, when I first moved into my college apartment, I thought it'd be a little weird to be sharing the building with a hot dog joint. However, several weeks into it..."weird" wasn't the way to describe it..."delicious" was much more fitting. Literally, Big Mouth's was my neighbor throughout college. We have so many great memories here...coming home after going out the bars...or "calling ahead" because we thought we were too cool to wait there for our food...and scarfing down on those not-too-burnt-but-just-perfect fries. Wait, before I continue, I can't forget to make an important point. I don't eat hot dogs or burgers...so why do I love this place so much? Their veggie burgers are impeccable. Now, before you order one, make sure you ask them if they are "in stock." I know, its weird. But a couple times, I'd place my order only to have them call back a few minutes later and say they are out. This happened more times than it should have, but when they did have them in, man, they were worth it. I hear the hot dogs are mediocre and the burgers are good, but not great, but the veggie burger and fries combo did the trick for me every time. If you are a vegetarian or maybe just feel like being adventurous and trying something new, check it out. It's definitely worth a visit!
3	I frequent this restaurant quite a bit, mostly for a good cheap chicago style hot dog (char or hot dog with a huge serving of fries is $3 flat*). They have about 4-5 kinds of dogs including italian sausage, Chicago's Maxwell Street Polish and couple others. This place also claims to hv the 'voted #1 burger on campus'. I'm not sure abt the credibility of this claim as I dont know the source nor have I tried the burgers here.Good for anytime of the day food, pretty popular for after bar late night food. They do make the chicago style hot dog by the book for the most part. 5on5 out for that.*Fries - below average fries IMHO. Greasy, limp, not enough salt - its like eating oily potatoes. However, this maybe because they make them fresh in-house and not those packaged fries. This was the only reason i gave it 3stars instead of 4.
4	I love this place for a good hot dog and fries!  I've been here maybe 8 times, and I always leave happy.  Maybe it's not conventional to put grilled onions on a hot dog...but I think it makes them so tasty!  I can't comment on the rest of their menu, because I always get a char dog with everything.  But Mmmm is it good. And as others have pointed out, it's only $3 (including tax)!Surprised at the negative comments about the fries because mine have always come out really well!
5	The fries are awesome!!!  And after a night of drinking it's great to have a place that you can walk to to grab something quick.
3	Big Mouth's... the Vienna Beef hot-dog place south of Chicago.  Okay first and foremost we need to remind ourselves we are not in Chicago, so with that in mind the food is just pretty good.  It's the only place on campus for dogs and burgers.  It is very greasy and filling, but honestly that's what I expect from burger joint.  As a resident fat-ass I generally get the burger-dog combo with everything on it (everything that's free of course :) )  When you ask for a cheddar burger, yes it is not a slice of cheese but rather their cheese sauce.  The first time I ordered it I was definitely surprised but I've come to embrace it as their little thing.  Overall, it's pretty good.The hot dog is nothing impressive.  If you're craving a Chi-town dog, it does the trick but don't expect anything special.  The fresh-cut fries are alright, though don't compare to that of Penn Station.  They're fresh out of the fryer, but somehow most come out limp.  However I've come to really enjoy their cheese sauce as a dipping sauce for these fries.  It is not the usual nacho cheese sauce consistency most people are used to, but I think it's nice to know it's made fresh and it's what sets Big Mouth's apart from everyone else.  I have tried the fried twinkie: you have to try it, but you don't have to do it again.  Because the twinkie is so spongy, it sops up the oil its fried in and it can be pretty nasty.  Nonetheless it's the experience that counts, and it's not too bad.Dine-in is better than delivery.  Get delivery... you'll get cold Big Mouth's.  They're not very fast in the restaurant either.  I once waited 15-20 minutes for my meal while no one was there.Needless to say I wouldn't tell you not to go, but I'm not promising you the best experience of your life.
4	Man, Big Mouth's is a great place for a quick hotdog/burger lunch! The decor of the place is okay and they have wooden park benches which is a nice break from the standard setup of most places on Green St. I got the char polish sausage with the sports peppers (they were nice and hot), onions, and mustard. Very tasty and a decent size for about $5.50. The fries were quite good. Freshly cut and seasoned. They are like Murphy's fries but bigger and better so it's another leg up for Big Mouths. A couple of other comments: This is slightly farther than the rival Hot Dog Stand but I think the quality of food is better and maybe a higher price. I wish the decor was a little better but the price and food makes up for it. One peeve is that they use Styrofoam cups for drinks which is something I wish they would fix. This place really deserves a 3.5 but I will give it a 4 because I enjoy it a lot.
1	If I could give this dump zero stars I would.  The guy who owns the place acts like a jerk.  I don't know if he is incapable of love or happiness, but he wears his poor attitude all around that place.  The food takes a while, and if you want your food within a 2 hour time span, dont' get it delivery.  Then it will take a GREAT while.  When I got the food it was greasy.  I know I'm going into a hot dog joint and all, but these hot dogs were slathered in grease.  The fries were okay- nothing special.  After I got done eating I got that disgusting feeling (the kind that McDonalds can provoke) and felt lethargic.  Overall, I would recommend Chicago Beef Stand if you want food like this in Champaign.
