3	The restaurant looks amazing, but besides that I didn't get a wow on the food nor did I on the service.I usually expect alot when I dine in more upscale restaurants in Vegas (when it's not the regular buffet or 24 hour cafes). The food was on par, maybe because I live in a Chinese part of LA and have tasted way better dim sum and Chinese cuisine. Service, yes they were nice but none out of the ordinary.They actually opened bottles of Fiji water for us and expected us to pour it ourselves. I wasn't to happy about that.I wouldn't say this place is horrible. But I guess if you are really craving Chinese in Vegas this would be suitable to hold you out a little bit longer until you get to your favorite.
4	High end chinese food in a glamorous setting.  Goose liver was awesome, duck tongue was good.  Drunken chicken was ok.  We had more but my memory fails me.  Service was impeccable, we had the private room all to ourselves.  I guess it's unfair to judge when my friends are VIPs though.
4	For some odd reason every time I'm in Vegas I end up carving for Dim Sum. Granted I probably could go into Chinatown and get good cheap food, but I always end up sticking to the hotels trying to find that great Dim Sum restaurant on the Strip. Even though I'm not Chinese, I think this place is pretty good. Of course since it's on the Strip it's a little pricey but at least the quality of the food isn't questionable.The staff was friendly and I would go back to Fin again.
4	went last summer pretty good food
4	my editor and i were trying to grab dinner after a long work trip day and on our way to see the cirque love show at the mirage. so, we arrive, a little braindead and with seemingly a few options. a sushi place that looked more like a bar, a nicer italian restuarant with an uninspired menu, or Fin. i was immediately attracted to the joint for two reasons: i'm a sucker for modernist design and this place looked gorgeous; and because it was completely closed off from the smokey, loud, flashy casino. oh, and the third reason was that there were normal menu items (fried rice, wonton soup) along with more culinarily advernturous stuff (clay pot brisket) for a reasonable price - even for vegas.after being assured by the hostess that we could get in and out in an hour to make our showtime, we entered the soothing, blue/silver somewhat water-inspired decor of Fin. it was quiet, with the sound of flowing water and fresh liliy on the table - just what we needed after a long day.service was excellent. the entire staff was chinese and were the epitome of polite, fast and eager to please. we had a few questions about the dishes and our waiter dutifully steered us toward two dishes he thought we might like - and warned us of the more "different" dishes that take a more adventurous pallete.the foor was damn tasty. i settled on fried rice with dried scallions and egss whites and it was flavorful without being greasy. we also ordered a chicken noodle dish that was pretty standard....no i take that back, "standard" chinese food always tastes too salty to me, and this was not, but i didn't love it. the wonton soup was fantastic, and the egg roll appetizer came out pre-cut into six bite-size pieces, perfect.oh - we also received two complimentary items. after we ordered, they brought out a small serving (a soup spoonful) of pickeled...something. anyway is interesting - clean and vinegary but not overwhelming. also, we were offered a dessert menu, but we declined and they still brought us a nicely presented fortune cookie (i am not a fortune cookie fan, but this was delicious!! buttery and fresh, not rock hard and crumbly) and shot of bailey's cream. wow. i would def come back for a  nice dinner on the strip with great/fast/polite service and reasonable prices - score.
4	We ate here just before seeing "The Beatles: Love" and found it to be the perfect thing.  An elegant and inspired dining experience, Fin offers a menu of both the familiar and strange that I can best describe as "Chinese light." Which is to say, its lacking a lot of the heavy flavors favored by your local takeout joint, instead relying on subtle combinations of ingredients. The clay pot dishes seemed to be pretty solid, and the pot stickers were a delight. All in all, delightful could describe the whole experience--atmosphere, service, price. Go with modest expections and enjoy a quiet and satisfying  meal removed from the noisy casino floor.
4	Food - 3 starService - 4 starsAtmosphere - 4 starsDessert - 5 starsMy first night in Vegas I always suffer from major sensory overload which makes it nearly impossible to settle on a place to eat. After roaming through ti and the Mirage my BF and our friend finally settled on Fin after decided we all had a bit of a Chinese Food hankering.This place is gorgeous inside. There are these curtains of glass "bubbles" that separate the tables and it lends a modern, underwater feel. It's also sealed off from the loud, smokey casino and the staff was very softspoken yet helpful and available. It really took the edge off.I had Mongolian Beef, flavorful and very tender but cut a bit thicker than I prefer. My BF had a soft tofu dish that was smokey and spicey and our friend had the sizzling chicken and sausage clay pot. I normally detest sausage but this was so delicious; flavorful, smokey and noticeably absent were the "mystery chunks" that normally make me gag when I eat sausage. We all split curry shrimp fried rice which was yummy if a bit spicy.  It had finely chopped water chestnuts which I usually hate but they gave the rice an interesting crispy but not crunchy texture.The highlight for me was dessert. I had the fried banana. Super lightly battered and served with a large cup of icy cold, thick sweet orange scented cream, this was the bomb. It was large enough to split between 2 people but I scarfed it pretty much single handedly.Y-U-M
4	Fin is, quite possibly, the prettiest restaurant I've been to in the US (if you've been to restaurants in Hong Kong, you'll understand why I explicate on the fact that it's "IN THE US")The food is alright. But let's not kid ourselves - the selling point of Fin is NOT the food (ugh, yes, I hate myself for writing this since I consider myself to be somewhat of a "foodie" who RESPECTS food).I went during lunch hour which, in Chinese people language, means dim sum time. From all my previous experience, dim sum is something to be eaten at a gaudy/tacky restaurant where old men eat goose feet while reading the horse-racing section of Ming Pao. THAT'S authentic dim sum. And that's when you know that Fin is FAAAAAAAR from authentic. I mean, when was the last time you ate shumai at a place that looked like it was designed by Philippe Starck?Don't get me wrong - food is not horrendous. Of course, foodwise, I still prefer the "authentic" (i.e. greasy) Chinese fare over the B*sterdized $13 chow fun but, like I said, the food is not the star of the show with regards to Fin. And, in their defense, at least they are conscious of the fact that they are NOT authentic (they sell themselves off as "CONTEMPORARY" Chinese cuisine) - just the fact that they have sashimi and pad thai on the menu is proof that they're not trying to pass themselves off as being authentically Chinese.So yes, you'll enjoy the food but you probably won't remember it. But go anyways - go for the beautiful interior!! That's what the 4 stars are for - not for the food in particular, but for the restaurant itself!
3	Fin was good, not the best Chinese I've had but as far as the overall dining experience it was very good.  The place looked good nice date place or a big party.  The service was excellent.  It's advertised as fine dining so yes it lives up to that in both decor and service.  As far as food it was just A-OK.  But then again it's not as expensive as other "Fine dining " Vegas restaurants.
4	Went to Fin before seeing LOVE. Really beautiful place, the food was delicious. We were four people and we ordered family style and shared. Everyone in the party enjoyed every last bite. We were full but still wanted to eat. We opted not to order dessert but they served us bailey's, pistachio cream shot which was soooo delicious. Also, their homemade fortune cookies were awesome. I would give this place a five star,  but most of the time none of us could understand the waiter. so that knocks off a star.I would totally recommend it.
3	Dined: 2008-07-05I am perfectly fine with going to an affordable chinese place, so going to a 'fine dining' chinese restaurant was not my usual cup of tea.haha My dad did not know what to do with the pickled vegetables on a soup spoon starter. He emptied the spoon of the vegetables and saved the spoon for his soup. I guess it is there to cleanse your palate.Won ton soup by the bowl? We'll share, thanks.The crab and corn chowder had more corn than crab so it was really sweet. I added some white pepper to balance out the flavor.The pan-fried noodles were good, the stir-fried mixed vegetables were only okay, I have had better mongolian beef, and the barbecued duck was decent. I like the complimentary dessert of sweetened condensed milk in a shot glass and a very delicate fortune cookie. I also like the parting gift of a pineapple cake and 2 bags of tea. Cute!
4	This is an excellent restaurant.  I will go back for sure.  The food is amazing.  I felt like I was sitting in a champaign flute with the decor.  It's elegant and VERY Vegas!!  The service is excellent. The also brought us a complimentary appetizer as we were being sat.
1	Of all the restaurants I've been to in Vegas this might be the worst.On a good note the decor is really beautiful. The Food:  The first course was traditional chinease egg rolls.  They were very yummy, they succedded in elevating something plain to something extradinorary.The entree:  Absolutly disgusting.  I ordered the peeking duck.  They cut it fresh at the table and it looked great.  However they served it in rolls with enough BBQ sauce to drown a cowboy.  they killed the duck with all the sauce.  It was dripping out everywhere.  After cleaning the sauce I tried to eat the dck and the skin was not crunchy like duck should be.  It was far too fatty and just not good at all. My girls pasta was not cooked well either.  She had a few bites and couldn't stomach the rest.The fortune cookie and free shot of baily's were great though.  The service was terrible.  They didn't care that the $70.00duck was horrible.  I don't even thing they understood english.  The waiters were too stiff and had no personality.I don't give 1's lightly but it's appropriate here.  This place, on this night, was just awful and I would not return.  If your in the mirage and want a great meal, the Japanease place is much much better.
5	My girlfriend and I started off our vegas vacation with a plan to try to find the best value for the best food with different categories for a different day. We started our trip on a Monday and this was the first restaurant we decided on for dinner.We arrived at the restaurant at about 5:30pm, after visiting the Dolphin Habitat and Secret Garden at the Mirage (which was excellent). We did not have reservations but we were seated right away. Our waiter was very courteous and fast with our drinks and appetizers. We decided on the spare ribs to start. We got 4 small ribs on a plate, complete with hot wet towels to dry the bbq sauce off our messy hands. Now the ribs were pretty small compared to take-out ribs, but the meat coming off these ribs was plentiful and more than you'd get at a take-out place. So it was like small bone, LOTS of meat. We were thrilled and they were very delicious.For the main course, we both decided on the mongolian beef. We were warned that it would be just a bit spicy, but we didn't care. We could handle it. It was spicier than I thought it would be but it really was one of the best chinese dinners I have ever had. It was mixed with many vegetables that were equally great. We skipped on the dessert but we were greeted with fortune cookies that we were told are freshly made everyday. Tasted like vanilla, and much tender than take-out cookies. Great message too which gave me luck and fortune at Caesar's Palace that night. I highly recommend FIN if you want an affordable Chinese restaurant on the strip who knows how to treat you, no matter if you get the cheapest or most expensive thing on the menu. First class all the way.
4	Very expensive but food is great.  First time to taste a shark fin soup that is $180 when you can get one for $15 at a regular chinese restaurant.  I didn't had to pay for it so everything tasted really good.  The boiled prawns were my favorite, they were cooked really well, the prawn still had it's texture and tasted very fresh.  Other dishes are really good too.
2	We met friends on New Year's Day.  Beautiful restaurant, great service.   $180 for shark fin soup?  Try $400.  That's what it was on that day.  Maybe it went down 2 days later because it wasn't as fresh?  Anyway, given the controversy behind shark fin soup, I don't think anyone should be eating it.  May have to report them to my friends at PETA...Actually a little overzealous with the water refills (we had bottled water and they refilled our half empty glasses with tap water and charged us for the bottled water anyway.  Sorry, but that's a NYC no-no.)  The wonton soup was great.  One of my dining companions had a crab and corn soup, she later had food poisoning.    Fried rice got good reaction.  I had the shrimp pan fried noodles, which were great, JB had the Singapore style noodles which he loved.  Overall everyone was very happy with their meal pre-food poisoning, if not with the price.  You can do the same, if not, much better in Chinatown on Spring Mountain  for a lot less money.  Yes, the decor is beautiful, but you can probably decorate your own space with the money you save dining elsewere.Although a diner in a compact wheelchair was able to be seated, it was a very tight fit and other diners had to be disrupted to be able to get this person seated.  I wouldn't recommend for wheelchairs.
2	I saw this place while strolling through the Mirage and the atmosphere seemed snazzy and relaxing. So I peeked at the menu and it looked pretty decent. I proceeded inside and hoped for the best. Sadly, FIN was a bust for me. I ordered some sort of duck dish with rice and the duck was bland and the rice seemed to have a weird taste. Also, the duck hadn't been de-boned and the amount of work it took to get any meat off these bones was just unreasonable. Now to be fair, the server did warn me the bones would still be intact, but I'm a newbie when it comes to eating duck and apparently I had no idea the effort it would take just to wrangle a morsel of meat from this creature. So not only was my meal bland but also frustrating. My family also seemed to echo my sentiments about the food's flavor. We all kind of agreed that it had potential but something was just a little off. And I think anyone who's been to FIN would agree, for the kind of money you're paying, you should be having a meal that will knock your socks off. Next time I will coast right past FIN and head to Cravings, the Mirage buffet. It's not excellent either, but it's leaps and bounds better than FIN.
3	this was an ok experience....thanks to my awesome friend's dad's winning... he treated us to this restaurant for my friend's birthday.... very pricey restaurant!!!!!the food was ok..... i didn't think it was that special. high priced chinese food.hmm... oh and we had fiji water... haha....that was extra cash spent there....anyways.. all in all.... i didn'tsee anything that special here.. just that it was a nice looking restaurant. =X
5	the best chinese restaurant i have ever been too... i am originally from LA, where chinese food freakin lives... and i go to NY all the time for business, and this place... right here in vegas tops them all!!!!!!!!!!!!! herbal soup is good, curry lobster is SUPER FREAKIN GOOD, appetizer platter with jellyfish and all is good (FIN 4) i had alot of dishes here and all of it was on point. i love this place. i am even more in love with the decor... i am going to have a party here one day.. and i am going to decorate my house one day just like this restaurant. one of my absolute favorites.
4	Ducked in here to get away from the noise of the Mirage casino, in which the restaurant is embedded.  It was quiet, the waiters were attentive, and the food was good.
4	Probably one of the better Asian cuisine places in Vegas. Lushly decorated in a modern Asian-cityscape mix. They have some mountain paintings along some walls, with drapes of glass bubble beads around. There's a fresh orchid table piece on every table, and has chopsticks as part of the table setting. However, this being a fancy restaurant, everything is fancied up.Their menu seems to be more suited for Americans but the taste still suggests Asian cooking, which I think is awesome. All the dishes were made from fresh ingredients and served piping hot. The fried rice was very well done, but needed a tiny bit more flavor. A dash of pepper totally fixes it though. My parents enjoyed it though, being the light flavor lovers. My dad also orders this lamb dish, which I'm not sure if it's even on the menu. It's like a rack of lambs, but was amazingly done. Was the best lamb I had ever had(and I hate lamb because of how gamey it is usually). The rest of the dishes I don't remember too well. I don't remember any dishes being below average. It was a pretty fulfilling experience. The fortune cookie and Bailey's shot was superb. The fortune cookie was soft, sweet, and savory in a way. Possibly fresh baked. The Bailey's shot seemed different than the type that comes out of the bottle. They could possibly have altered it. Felt creamier or sweeter. They paired the fortune cookie and the Bailey's shot quite well.In Vegas, price doesn't matter. Don't eat here if you're keeping track/limiting of your spending. All in all, great food here. One of the two Asian cuisine places(not including Japanese) I'd eat at in Vegas, aside from the buffets.
4	For the past two years my wife and I have been eating at Fin whenever we visit Las Vegas.  This place has the freshest Asian cuisine at a reasonable price.  To start, I recommend the vegetable egg rolls, which are really crisp and flavorful.  Additionally, I typically also have a bowl of the hot and sour soup - the soup is great.  For entrees, we order the Kung Pao chicken and Mongolian beef.  Each are loaded with flavor and you can select the level of heat you want cooked into your spicy disk.  There is so much food we never finish the entrees.  So if you want a good dining experience at a reasonable price - go to Fin.
4	We went to Fin over the weekend in The Mirage on a last minute Vegas trip to continue celebrating my birthday.  We had a hankering for Chinese and were pleasantly surprised.The decor is beyond gorgeous!  Beautiful glass baubles hanging all over the room, a giant silver horse, sheer painted screens, painted mountain landscapes, and very nice private dining rooms as well.  It is pretty quiet and relaxing, even though there is a sea of slots in front of it.We started with the egg drop soup, which was very light and not salty.  We also ordered the pot stickers, which were very light and tasty.  They are so cute-you get 6 mini ones.  I could have gone for a touch more vinegar in the sauce that comes with, but was good nonetheless.   We also had the Mongolian beef, which was delicious, tender, and full of flavor, and the bbq pork and shrimp fried rice-nice dish, not greasy, I just wish it had a little more shrimp in it.  The dessert we had, some kind of fried banana with a banana cream 'dip' was just alright.  I've had better desserts like that before.  It was very rich and the batter a little on the heavy side.  They also presented us with a tiramisu-like cake with a candle for my birthday, which was light and fluffy....And then there was the fortune cookie...the best of the desserts.  Homemade, semi soft cookie with a nice fortune inside served alongside a shot of Baileys.  We were so full! For such a posh place to eat in Vegas that isn't terribly expensive in general, but a little pricey for Chinese, I think it's worth the trip.  All our food, dessert, and 1/2 bottle of wine was $100 including tip.  Staff is very nice, I didn't need to ask for a thing!Definitely not too shabby for Vegas!If you are looking for authentic Chinese food, go to LA. This is a very nice restaurant to have excellent service, great  'Modern American Chinese' and is served with a gleaming fork, knife, and spoon!
4	I went to Fin with my family and the most memorable dish was the Wok-Fried Lobster Tail | black bean & egg sauce, cantonese-style. The best Asian style Lobster I ever had. And I also had bird's nest here for the first time. I was somewhat scared and intimidated once I knew what it was, but i wanted to try it anyways. You have to try everything once to say that you love it or hate it and turns out I loved it. It was somewhat jelly like the asian desserts, but it was so good. The prices are high, but for the quality of food and service I think it's worth it.
4	The Good: Why the low rating?  I loved this place!  The decor is awesome and you feel a surrounding serenity once you enter through those doors.  The waiters are actually "waiting" a few feet from your table to attend to your needs.  The food comes out altogether, just how I like, and everything is made with fine ingredients.  The Bad: Some of the dishes were smaller than expected, so we had to order an extra dish after.  Try: the scallop fried rice.  With bits of asparagus and scallop, this fried rice is lighter than air.  We ordered two of these for four people; that should say something.Don't Try: ....
3	Ate here on Valentine's Day, 2010 with my husband and another couple. Service was okay, food was mediocre at best.
5	Great ambiance. Went here before the Beatles Love show. We saw that they had a prix fixe menu when we made the reservations on-line. We had to ask for the special menu when we got there. I had the shrimp and scallop lettuce cup as an appetizer. Very yummy. For the main course, The sea bass was crispy and sooo delicious. I snuck a bite of the beef and it was very tender. Fried bananas for dessert. Amazing! They bring out a shot of Bailey's and a fortune cookie at the end of the meal which was a nice touch.Very attentive wait staff and overall great experience. Do not come here if you are expecting Chinatown style portions and prices. We paid $39 a person, not including the liquor, for the meal and it was well worth it. We were stuffed!
4	I'm not suprised to see Fin's current ranking of 3.5 stars.  Fine dining Chinese restaurants are at a severe disadvantage.  I'll get to that a little later.  First to the food:Appeteizer - Shrimp & Scallop Lettuce Wrap Entrees - Braised Sea Bass, Tofu & Shredded Pork                 Beef Tenderloin in Black Pepper Sauce                 String-Fried String Beans with Spicy XO Sauce                 Stewed E-Fu Noodle with enoki mushroom and sliced chickenThe food was excellent.  I really enjoyed the Beef Tenderloin which was perfectly cooked and well seasoned.  The Lettuce Wraps had great texture and was a perfect small bite for 3 to share.  The Sea Bass also had a great flavor and any tofu bowl is tasty.  The Stewed E Fu noodles were a little bit over sauced but still yummy.The bill came out to about 55-60 per person.  That's definitely expensive for Chinese.  But I don't think you can argue that food here is bad.  Basically what you're paying for is the service and decor.  Let's face it - You don't go to a chinese restaurant to get good service.  Sometimes the service you receive is outright rude.  It's not a stereotype - it's the truth and I'm Chinese. This place is beautiful and the service is akin to a fine dining establishment.But a fine dining chinese restaurant will never be able to stand on its legs when compared to fine dining Italian, French, and other cuisines.  If you can chop and stir fry 80% of the entrees in minutes, it's hard to argue ---  Fine dining Chinese is at a disadvantage.  It's like meeting a girl Sally who is a solid 7.  You then meet her younger sister who is the cream of the crop - a 9.5.  Sally is pretty tasty.  She represents fine dining chinese.  Her younger, hotter sister represents the other cuisines.
5	We dine at Fin restaurant in Mirage and the food was very tasty, flavorful and fulfilling. We ordered the scallop fried rice (the best), steamed fish, sea bass (so juicy), shark fin soup, duck, Chinese broccoli, steamed chicken, and my favorite the foie gras... oh so good. After we were done with our main course, they brought out their sweet pudding dessert and oranges. The service was spectacular. Definitely be back!
5	Without a doubt, the best restaurant in Las Vegas.  Service top notch. Food is excellent.  Value is excellent.  I've been there three times and I won't go to Vegas without eating here.  Taking a date or someone special where you want the best, please, try it out.  I know you won't be disappointed.  For a group, order one dish less than you have in your party and share.  I love love love this place.
4	My co-workers and I came here during a week long meeting.  We had a very large group and they accomadated us with ease.  The service was a little iffy, but we chaulked it up to them not understanding us well.The food was absolutely amazing!  The bbq scallops and the scallops & shrimp with lobster sauce were among our favorites!  Great meal and a wonderful atmosphere!  And don't forget to try the free dessert that comes at the end!  tasty!
2	***Fin (an upscale Chinese restaurant) at The Mirage is like a lot of other Las Vegas fine dining restaurants--overpriced, mediocre food***Most Las Vegas (The Strip) restaurants are overpriced.  So if you are planning to eat at a nice restaurant in Vegas, you are probably not going to get your money's worth.  Still, the quality varies quite a bit.  Mesa Grill and Carnevino are both overpriced, but at least their food is good (at least on my visits).  There are other Vegas restaurants where you spend a lot and the food is bad (or mostly bad).  Fin is one of those restaurants.Fin sits in The Mirage and has a contemporary decor that is nice though it does not really stand out.  The restaurant is very close to the casino, but it is still pretty quiet.Fin is a Chinese restaurant, but it is probably a more Americanized interpretation (based on what we had here).  They were doing a $40 3-course special.  There was a good variety of starters to choose from while there was not much selection among the entrees or the desserts.  We all opted for the 3-course.  We added some a la carte dishes to share as well.I started with the barbecued spare ribs.  They were sweet but not overly sweet.  The ribs could have used something else to give them a little more kick.  The meat did not have a fall-off-the-bone texture.  The meat was not exactly tough, but it could have been more tender.I did not try the shrimp and scallop wraps, but they looked bland.  I tried the crispy shrimp toast that was served on a sweet and sour sauce.  That starter was decent.For my entree, I opted for the Chilean Sea Bass that was served over a sweet garlic sauce.  The sea bass came with a side of steamed white rice.  The sea bass was fried (the menu said wok fried, but it seemed to be more deep fried).  The sea bass was quite greasy.  It was also incredibly fishy, which was a little odd because sea bass typically does not have one of the stronger fish tastes.  It could have been because it was not that fresh or simply that the fish flavor became more pronounced in how they fried it.I really did not like the fish.  The greasiness and the taste made me feel a little queasy and I can eat pretty much anything.From the a la carte menu, we had the General Tsao's Chicken, which was served with broccoli.  This dish was pretty good.  The chicken was juicy and tasty while the sauce was both sweet and with some good heat.We also had Shrimp Lo Mein noodles, which were okay.  The noodles were fine and seasoned properly.  The shrimp was plump; however, they were not cooked long enough.For dessert, I opted for the assorted sorbet, which had 3 flavors.  There was lychee and blood orange.  I cannot remember the other flavor.  Only the blood orange had a good flavor.  The other two flavors were bland.The sorbet here was all ice.  It was like eating a really frozen slushie.The other dessert option was a vanilla creme brulee and it was much better.  The vanilla custard was smooth, creamy and had a good vanilla flavor.  There was a nice caramelized shell.  The creme brulee was garnished with fresh berries.They finished us off with a complimentary Baileys shot, which was good, and a fortune cookie.  The fortune cookie was pretty good.  It was a little thicker and more buttery than most fortune cookies I've had.  The messages seemed homemade especially since the paper appeared to be cut with scissors.Service was not that good.  I have heard that strong customer service is not a high priority at Chinese restaurants (more emphasis is placed on flavors and value).  Maybe this place was trying to emulate that even though it seemed to be an Americanized Chinese restaurant.  The waiter seemed confused and he left the table when we were ordering to check up on another table.  Other servers seemed a little bit abrupt.Still, once we put the order in, the food did come out at a good and organized pace.Of the "nice" Las Vegas restaurants I have tried, Fin may be the worst one.  The General Tsao's Chicken and creme brulee were both good.  For the other dishes we had though, I think you would be able to get just as good food (if not better food) at one of the P.F. Chang's nearby (and at a much lower price).  There are many Vegas restaurants to avoid and Fin would definitely be among them.The Mirage has complimentary parking (both valet and a parking structure).
1	This restaurant has the potential to be one of the best Chinese places ever if it weren't for their AWFUL service. After waiting 30 minutes my soup was delicious. St had to send two dishes back for being cold and when the manager came over to apologize and serve our main course, she went to the wrong table! In a city full of delicious Chinese food I would choose a different restaurant.
3	Decor/atmosphere - 5 starsService - 3 starsFood - 3 starsI really wanted to love this place because it is so beautiful, but the service and food just did not match the beautiful decor.  I enjoyed the orange pork, but it wasn't anything truly special.  We also ordered the shrimp lo mein, sweet and sour pork and clay pot beef brisket.  The beef brisket was mostly fat and the other dishes were just decent.
2	I went to Fin expecting a one of a kind Chinese dining experience (since I was in Vegas at an upscale Chinese Restaurant) and that did not happen.There is really nothing terrible with the restaurant except the fact that it is supposed to be above and beyond the Chinese takeout food from down the street. The only positive thing I can say is the restaurant decor and setup is pretty cool. I would recommend saving your money for a better Vegas dining experience.
1	We ate off the fixed price menu as part of of a "Dinner and Show" deal. The atmosphere and decor are nice but the food was terrible. The hot and sour soup wasn't either and tasted like dishwater. The appetizers were soggy and warmed up from days ago. And the entrees were like a bad day at Panda Express. Except at Panda Express dinner doesn't cost $50. AVOID!
2	What a let down. Fin used to be our favorite restaurant in Vegas. We ignored the recent reviews and went anyway. Even with a smaller post-Labor Day crowd, the service was not what we were used to. Servers didn't seem to want to be there and certainly didn't care about our experience. Lemon chicken was overcooked and very tough. Beef in the beef and broccoli was chewy and without flavor. We won't go back until we see that they have returned to the level of service and quality they once had.
3	Ate here before a show at the Mirage....the atmosphere is very modern, but a little too close to the casino and you can hear it in the background. Had a very nice table in the corner with cushions. Peking duck was prepared perfectly and was carved right at our table, but nothing else was remarkable.
4	Ok, so far jasmine tea perfectly authentic and Chinese "pelligrino" sparkling water. Tsingtao beet Pinot wine all good. Nice room very aromatic- hunger inducing...when we entered we were so graciously greeted by the manager who sat us and place our napkins on our laps- so pleasant during our whole stay there. sweet, fun and friendly. the food couldnt be better. pot stickers, wonton soup, chow mein, mongo beef, Gen. tso chicken all great.waiters were there for all our needs with speed and accuracy- a great team. 4 eaters good portions but  not even a single grain of rice left. we ate it all! then came a fortune cookie treat. so tasty, go figure- i think i had 3! made locally and not like the usual hard cookie style. we were then treated to an aperitife. a nice gesture. then coffee, desert and the tab which we were glad to pay. go there! nothing pretentious, good food, service, athmosphere and a staff  just doing their jobs.....all correctly!
3	This was my husband's dinner choice for our last night in Vegas.  I was underwhelmed with the menu and the food, but was trying to be a good sport since it was what he wanted.  Honestly, the best part of the meal was the homemade fortune cookie and Bailey's shooter that they brought a the end!I did enjoy the decor and was surprised at how quiet it was with the casino being right outside the door.  I wish the service had been better, the menu had been a bit fuller and the food had been just a little better.  That being said, everything was decent, not great, not awful, but just ok.
3	When you first walk into Fin, the decor is a bit overwhelming, but in a good way. The place feels like you've walked into Ocean's 13's fake Bank Hotel - it's opulent, full of metalic ornaments and each table feels private and mildly secluded. The staff was very accomodating, except for the waitress who refused to take our photo at the meal's conclusion (citing poor eye sight - but I have my doubts!). The food was delicious, although a bit high-priced for high-end Chinese food that tasted very similarly to much cheaper alternatives. You pay for the ambiance, the service, and if you ordered the higher end dishes, I'm sure you'd get fabulous food as well. I had the Vegetable Egg Rolls, the Vegetable Fried Rice, and some of my husband's Mongolian Beef. All very good, just nothing super-exceptional.The only other problem is that the portion sizes are quite large. This would normally be wonderful, except in a town like Las Vegas where most people are vacationing without a fridge/microwave leftovers become more of a hassle than a gift and the excess food goes uneaten.Overall, this place was pretty tasty, but I'm glad I didn't have to pay the bill!
3	The place is very nice and the service is good. However, the food is not different from a regular Chinese restaurant and overpriced.
2	We shopped around for a good place to eat in vegas for our first wedding anniversary, and since we were staying at the mirage, we decided on fin.  the place is beautiful! Thats about all I liked about it. and even as I got to looking at the intricate wall designs and decor, i noticed how dusty and dirty it was. The waiter hovered over us while we decided upon what to order, which was odd and awkward.  He wasnt very communicable or friendly. We split two entrees, vegetable lo mein, and an appetizer- we got the pot stickers, general tso's chicken and kung pao chicken.  They brought all of the food together, not as appetizer followed by entrees.  The potstickers (all 4 of them for $12) were nice and crispy on the outside, but the pork filling was rubbery and not very flavorful.  The sauce for the potstickers wasnt very good either- ive had better potstickers with sauce at the local $5.99 all you can eat.The entrees were ok.  Both could have been spicier, but again, I am from Louisiana, so I may be a bit biased on that end. A few peices of the chicken were gristley and I had to spit it out in my napkin.  I also had ordered a glass of rieslinhttp://www.yelp.com/guidelinesg which was very skimpy! Good, but no more than 1/3 full for $11.rice doesnt come with the entrees. a small bowl of rice is $2 extra.Then, the pushy photographer came in to take pictures of us, and then a while later, came back in to try to sell us $50-$144 photo packages, ugh.... to finish, we had fortune cookies which looked hand made, complete with hand clipped fortunes that looked like they were printed on an inkjet printer.  they also brought a bailey's after dinner drink, which tasted like baileys with some whole milk. tasty, small. overall, I was disappointed. the chinese buffet by my house it better tasting, and PF Changs will give you better service/ambiance and food!!  I just dont find the hospitality in vegas very good like it is in the south!
2	well, the ambiance is nice.  we sat in a private room where we were surprised at the noise control.  We were less than 20 feet away from rows of slot machines, yet we couldn't here any of it... just the soft restaurant music.  We had a small group dinner & ordered family style: - vegetarian eggrolls... nothing special, but good & crispy - chicken lettuce cups - GREAT!  I like the added shrimp chips - green beans - yum - chinese broccoli - the best thing on the table - fried rice - yuck. dry & tasteless - sliced filet mignon - good flavor, slightly over cooked - chow mien - solid - hot & sour soup - nothing special, tangy & good there were other plates of food that I did not taste.  Overall, our group was not impressed.  the waitstaff did not seem pleasant and almost appeared to be annoyed that we were eating there.  it was 9pm when we sat down for dinner... maybe they wanted to close up & go home?... it's Vegas, though.
4	We just wanted something easy that we could walk to from our hotel and we were pleasantly surprised by Fin at the Mirage.  Great Chinese food with even better service and a great atmosphere.  What more could we ask for?  The Mongolian Beef was super tasty and spicy.  Reminded me of Red at the Wynn, another solid Chinese restaurant.
4	There is not a lot to fault with this venue, very slick and professional Chinese food with impeccable service. The food was exceptional, my favourite being the BBQ pork rice. The place has a very upscale feeling about it and the decor is something to behold.If you're looking for quality Chinese eats and happen to be in The Mirage then I don't think you can go too wrong here.
2	Went here for a nice dinner before a show at the Mirage. Wished we had gone somewhere else. Our waitress hovered near our table the entire dinner, very awkward. We had the potstickers which were good, the chicken chow mein and the kung pow chicken were tasteless with zero flavor. Save your money!
2	We decided to come here because it had food that we were interested in, and it was conveniently in our hotel. Very cool environment. Liked the atmosphere a lot! Service was pretty efficient but not friendly.We started with drinks. I got their special mojito made with dragon fruit. It was delicious, and had this piece of caramelized dragon fruit as garnish. YUM! My friend liked her blood orange margarita too. We ordered veggie spring rolls, which came with two sauces. One was horseradish, which I didn't realize til it burned my tongue. The spring rolls were just meh. They had a weird kind of taste, almost like fish, so didn't appeal to this vegetarian. I got the veggie lo mein and my friend got the garden vegetable stir fry. They came out and hers was chicken. She sent it back and got the right dish. The garden veggies was mostly huge pieces of bok choy, with some broccoli and beans, and like 1 carrot. It didn't look appealing at all. My lo mein didn't even have any broccoli in it. Some bok choy and some carrots, and bean sprouts. It was fairly bland. They bring you a fortune cookie at the end with a shot of a creamy pistachio liquor. This was the highlight of the meal!! The fortune cookie tasted homemade. It was really light. Unfortunately, mine had no fortune in it, just a couple lucky numbers. The shot was delicious and creamy and made me want to order more. The bill was pretty pricy for what we got, though they did take off my friend's entree for making the mistake, which was nice. I'd only go back for the dessert and drinks!
3	Food was decent, and the service was good.  Smell of smoke from the casino was apparent, and some of the entree prices were ridiculous.  That being said, you can get a decent noodle or rice dish for about $18.  Decor was interesting, but all things considered this was just a three star joint.
4	Great Peking Duck & Chinese Sausage Fried Rice!  Nice restaurant inside and great service.
3	Food was really good at this place, but its kind of expensive for what they offer as in the plates. I ordered stir fry vegetable and it was soo small. It probably had only half a carrot and box choy, really? Not a lot of options for vegan people also.
1	Amazing service and ambiance. It was not worth the hefty check though. it was below average Chinese food. Very high priced below average food. I actually left hungry. The chicken was chewey and honestly the texture grossed me out. The Mongolian beef was very fatty. The ribs had no flavor. So I felt the quality of the meat was very poor for fifty dollars a person. Our waiter was super cool and prompt.Give the pork pot stickers a try if you do go. It was the one thing I did eat.Our bill came to 200.00, I didn't have the heart to tell my husband how displeased I was. We had not been out for a posh meal since he came back from the Middle East.
3	Wonderful service and delicious Chinese food!  Loved the hot towels they brought you between courses.  The portions were large enough that our table of 7 all shared.  To end the meal you are given a fortune cookie and a bailey's & milk shooter-yum! I'd definitely recommend it!
4	The food here is pretty authentic Chinese.  Not what you'd get in Chinatown obviously, but pretty good for a casino restaurant.  The Mongolian beef was very good, but the portion was tiny.  Very tiny.It is a bit pricy, but the service is very good.  Our waitress was very attentive.  She even brought over a box of tissue when she noticed a person at our table sneezing.The only thing that was kind of disappointing was that since we has ordered dessert, we didn't get the fortune cookies and shooters.  And from all the other reviews on yelp, it seemed like that was the best part of the meal.  :(
4	I'm quite surprised at the negative reviews. First of all, I have to acknowledge the service which was impeccable. Next, the decor and overall ambiance was trendy and upscale without being overwhelming or snooty. Finally, THE FOOD was terrific. The Kung Pao chicken dish was really tasty, as were the pot stickers (especially the accompanying sauce). The shrimp curry rice wasn't the best, but certainly not bad. They give you fresh-made fortune cookies and Bailey's with your meal. If you're craving fresh Asian cuisine, this is a great choice. A little pricey, but it is a really nice restaurant.
4	This place is a high end Chinese Restaurant located in the Mirage.  What can I say?The food was average, which when rolling the dice on a new Chinese joint, average  is always ok in my book.  The service and ambiance were great, but when I am paying a 4x mark up for kung pao chicken, there better be some pleasantries and visually pleasing decor.  I did find it odd that every single person working there was of asian decent. Pan fried stereotyping anyone?Overall it was a very nice dinner with the gf.  Overpriced for chinese yes, but a nice place for a date.  The leftovers at 4 am after a night of partying with the lady was a great finish
3	Unfortunately, will not be back.  Felt gross afterwards. Really expensive. Too oily. However, 3 stars for amazing service, beautiful zen decor, and the complementary shot of baileys given with the fortune cookie!
4	Nice food chinese food.We had a ful dinner with wine and the check was about 700 dollars (with tip and tax) for 11 people, that is not expensive compared to the quality of the food and service.Helpful personel who helped us change table so that all eleven of us could sit together at one tableWill definitly go there again when I'm back 2015.
4	Ate here with my family. Had the Mongolian beef, shrimp peacock, crispy noodles , and chow Mein.  Was expecting the food to be salty because of past experiences with fine dining chinese food but was very pleased with what i ate. would not mind coming back here.
3	Stopped in for dinner before Love.First off, the prices are pretty high. But it's in a row of "high class" dining (Samba, Stack, Japonais, etc.) so I can't really expect them not to keep in line with the local pricing.The staff can be quite "hovery" one moment, and then "disappeary"I ordered the "Dinner and a Show" package which is $49 dollars and you can pick from a soup (well your pick is always Egg Drop because that's the only soup), appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I had the Pot Stickers, which were really good (and probably the highlight of the meal).  The Sweet and Sour Pork was good, but nothing exceptional.  The Dessert was Vanilla Brulee which was quite good with the added fruit.The Ambiance is nice, but a bit dark, and it IS hard to forget that there is a casino right outside.Overall I would say the price really is the biggest drawback. Between myself and my wife I spent more than I would for a dinner at The Melting Pot (Granted, this is more food for sure).  Since it was planned as our "Expensive Dinner" before the show I knew what I was getting into, but I would never just "Stop in" here for a meal.
3	As a vegetarian I find myself drawn to Chinese/Asian restaurants as I am certain to find something on the menu. I chose the crispy eggplant for an appetizer - a stretch for me since I am not a huge fan of eggplant. However I found this appetizer very satisfying in taste and texture. The minced garlic/scallion in addition to the vinegar sauce were quite delightful. I wish I could have echoed this experience with my entree. I selected the spicy Ma Po tofu. I found it odd that rice did not come standard - because this dish desperately needed it. The tofu is very flimsy - I struggled with the consistency. I actually combined some of the eggplant from my appetizer and that helped immensely. As for the sauce on the tofu, it was difficult to discern any type of flavor since all I could taste was spice/hot - almost smoky. Definitely would not recommend this, absolutely nothing good about it. The meal ended with a complimentary  shot of Baileys and probably the best fortune cookie I have ever tasted, almost like a shortbread. The ambience is fantastic. I would recommend the restaurant and I will return, just avoid the tofu.
3	I went to a show at the Mirage last night and decided to have dinner there.  I made a reservation for Fin.  The room is a very beautiful one with a decor that gives different area a modicum of privacy.I got the prix fixe menu.  You automatically get egg drop soup but then you have choices.  For my appetizer, I ordered pot stickers, my main course selection was Kung Pao chicken, for rice I got the vegetable fried rice, and for dessert I got the mango pudding.The egg drop soup was good but it needed some salt--at least for me.  There are no salt or pepper shakers on the table and I was OK eating it as it was.  It was a good soup with some small pieces of small broccoli florets.  That was great for texture.  The pot stickers were very good and the sauce served with them was a winner.  The Kung Pao chicken was good.  A good amount of chicken, quite a few peanuts, and a few red peppers but not enough to give the dish much zing.  It's not supposed to have zing so it was made properly.  Portion size was good but not I need a take out box size.  The fried rice was a whole bowl of individual grains of rice, fluffy and tasty.  Finally, the mango pudding for dessert was great!  It stole the show.  The pudding had fresh chunks of mango on it.  What a good way to end the meal.Service was very good throughout the evening.  I never had less than a half glass of iced tea when a server was there to refill it.  The pace of the meal was good.  The only thing about service that I would fault was the lack of removing empty Sweet 'n Low packets from the table.  Cleaning paper like that off a table when you come to add more iced tea or clear dishes should be a no brainer.  I was surprised that a restaurant like this would have that down pat, but they don'tI rate Fin 3 stars.  It was A-OK.  I know I could have gone west on Spring Mountain Road a little more than a mile and I could have had the same meal for at least half what I paid.  The ambience wouldn't be the same.  This was one of those special times when eating in the hotel was the option I chose.  Another time, I'd eat in Chinatown.
3	My review of Fin is pretty much the same as all of the other Yelpers. I found Fin to be a bit pricey for Chinese food, and the staff is very overly incredibly attentive. If you take a sip of water, someone is there to refill it for you. The food is good, though, there's no doubt about it. I ordered the stir-fry chicken and was very satisfied. They also follow up your meal with a delicious house made fortune cookie and shot of Baileys. The ambiance is fantastic if you sit toward the back and can block out the chachings of the nearby slot machines. Highly recommended for a nice dinner as long as you're aware of the price and overly attentie service staff.
3	FIN is basically a PF Changs only not quite as good and twice as expensive.  I liked the atmosphere though and the service was good and portions respectable so, they get 3 stars.  We started with the shrimp toast appetizer and it had nice plump shrimp on top of that crispy fried toast one expects and sat in a just ok layering of sweet and sour sauce on the plate.  My son got the General Tsao's Chicken and I got Mongolian Beef.  Again, both were good but not great, especially considering the prices.  The cocktail I ordered however was great with a lot of Grey Goose vs. mixer.  Nothing watered-down about this drink!In a good foodie town like Vegas, you have to really bring it to get more than an A-OK Yelp rating and FIN only makes it to the "good" range.
4	Pretty expensive but this is the reality of casino restaurants that are not buffets.  The ambience and backdrop was really very nice and polished. Service was very attentive and was on top of any empty glasses or plates. The prawn toast was the highlight to the night including the complimentary fortune cookie and baileys liquor.  The portions were also well sized leaving my father and I content and full.  The only con was that I felt like everything was an up-sale even without noticing it. For example, my dad got the sweet and sour pork and was asked what kind of rice he wanted with it only to find out on the bill that the rice was not included in the meal (even though it was an extra 2 bucks it still felt a little shady).
1	We made the mistake buying a expensive deal voucher expecting a high end Chinese meal. The food was bland. But worse was the miserable staff. Not a smile among them with the exception of our waitress. I'm beyond upset that I spent as much as I did for 10$ Chinese deal.
1	Service was slow.my wife's champaign had a bug in it. Fried rice was not fried. Kung po chicken had no flavor or spice. We might as well have gone to panda express. 100$ dinner worth $10
5	Now this... is what I'm talkin' about.Typically speaking, Chinese Food and Fresh, Light, and Delicious don't all go together, but at Fin, we indulged in plenty of food, and left feeling full but not stuffed, and like what we ate was fresh.I know fresh can be hard to understand, but what I mean by that was all of the ingredients were the finest possible, and you could tell they were all top notch. Nothing was greasy or heavy or weighed down - it was all cooked the way I could only hope to eat Chinese food but rarely happens: Guilt Free. While it is a bit pricey, you get what you pay for in service and quality, and to be honest, it wasn't unreasonably priced. If you have a group - reserve one of the private party rooms - super chic and awesome looking for a special event.
3	Usually I do not go out to Chinese restaurants as I only order take out once in a blue moon when I am home and have nothing in the refrigerator, but Fin came highly recommended and we really didn't want to go too far (we were completely burnt out from working the AAPEX trade show all week). Like most people we did everything family style so we can try a bunch of dishes. We had the Mongolian Beef, General Tsaos Chicken, and Seafood Lettuce Wraps. Each dish was light, fresh, and delicious. I was very happy with our choice and would defiantly come back here again.
5	Enjoyed great service and a delicious meal last evening. I was in the mood for egg drop soup and Mongolian beef. This was the best Mongolian beef i've ever had!  A nice cold Sapporo made it a perfect meal!
3	We enjoyed our food, and the atmosphere. You definitely pay for the atmosphere. But it was quiet and relaxing. We enjoyed our meal.
2	The decor is perfect. Very appealing and it creates a nice vibe. Now to the overpriced food ...I had a cup of soup which was $10 and i stress that it was a cup, not a bowl. Entrees were all around $30 and all were 'A La Carte' .. In other words, you have to pay $15 for fried rice or chow mein. The soup was amazing to be fair, but the main meal was a let down and left me hungry. I left $100 lighter and still hungry. I wouldn't call that satisfactory. The restaurant was also pretty empty customer wise, I can only assume this was due to the price.
4	Great service, we totally enjoyed two entrees between 4 of us of general tsao's chicken and Mongolian beef. You have to order rice separately which is a downfall but the good was very tasty. The cheap bottle of Cabernet was fantastic and 80 per couple was cheaper than I expected. Overall very enjoyable and a great experience
2	The Peking duck was good- but it's hard to mess that up. The walnut prawns should be labeled dessert as it's so sweet- likely can cause a diabetic to go into shock. The crab was like licking an ashtray full of garlic and was overdone. Service was nice. Gentlemen. Too bad they got stuck at a crap restaurant. This morning I'm paying the price for eating this stuff.
2	The decor was nice but everything else about this experience was subpar. Starting with the choice of a Zen mojito as a cocktail which ended up being both too sour and yet too full of berries to enjoy. I ended up not finishing my drink. The calamari was too salty although the crispy take on a restaurant staple was interesting. The lamb chops we're good and so was the fried rice. However the service was very uninspired. We won't be returning.
2	I give the restaurant five stars for the LOOK of the place - really classy spot.  We had such high hopes that this would be our next big ticket Chinese restaurant to replace one of our favorites - Chinois by Wolfgang Puck, but alas, save your money and go to PF Chang's - you'll get better food there all the way around without paying so much for the so-so food.  Got there early when they opened (they were late opening for a 5PM reservation start time, which is irrupting as we had tickets to The Beatles Love and was trying to pace ourselves 2 hours to eat and get to the show in The Mirage.  We ordered the BBQ Rib appetizer - usually a favorite for us, but these were just awful.  I can' find anything really to recommend about these except they were a good size - you got four - but the sauce - was tasteless and the meat wasn't well prepared - way to tough to chew - again PF Chang's - a lesser experience - has way better ribs and probably for a fraction of the cost.  I don't mind paying top dollar for a great dining experience but we're already in trouble with appetizers.  The soup - Crab and Corn soup was also nothing exciting - just average tasting.  For main dish we had always order two items - Usually one beef and one chicken...for chicken we had the Kung Pao Chicken - this was actually the best item we ordered...had we found a better appetizer and soup and a better beef item - we might have upped this another star, but this alone wasn't worth the money we spent on this food.  For the beef, we went with the SIGNATURE DISH - Beef Tenderloin with the black pepper sauce.  You have the choice of Black Pepper or Orange Sauce - that may be a misprint in the menu - as you don't actually get any sauce - they just cook a really cheap piece of beef and put pepper on it - it was tough as nails and probably the worst piece of tenderloin beef I've ever eaten.  Sitting on a bed of some sort of julienned veggies that weren't edible - just a really nasty dish - and for this you'll be paying $45+ dollars for this "signature" dish.  Usually a signature dish is something so special, it's worth the extra money - save your dollars folks - there's probably a dozen or so terrific steak houses in Vegas that will make you a great steak meal for this price - this is NOT one of them - dried, tasteless and in general a major disappointment.  We won't be back.
4	Really amazing Chinese food. I come here every time I am in vegas. It is very authentic and fresh. My favorite and must have at this restaurant is the shark fin soup.
2	During a recent stay in Las Vegas, I sat in the dining room at Fin for dinner one night. I started out with vegetable egg rolls and crab & corn soup. The egg rolls were delicious, the soup was a bit oily and bland for my taste. The main course consisted of beef and broccoli and shrimp curry fried rice. Both were average and really nothing special about this meal. The wait staff were on top of everything with the one exception that I had to practically beg for a second glass of wine. One last note, and I may have the wrong restaurant, but I really enjoyed this place about a year ago and they provided a complimentary shot of Bailey's and fortune cookie at the end of the meal (sounds silly, but I was actually looking forward to it). So either I am mistaken and went to a different restaurant last year, or this restaurant that I would have given 3-4 stars to back then is now 2 stars...
1	If you have $50 credit make sure they take it out before paying. They mislead us and told us that the hotel will reimburse me back. It was not true. They were just lazy to go and take out the $50 credit. Also I felt like they don't want you to use the $50 credit. Totally felt like I got jip. Never coming back to this place.
2	It was OK. Food very oily and salty. Will not be back.
1	Horrible. My gluten free lettuce wraps were totally bland and tasteless. Then I got steamed pork (which was one of the very few limited gluten-free options) and it looked like oatmeal (seriously) and tasted like mushy spam, only much worse. My table mates also were very unimpressed by their meals. Stay away!!!
