4	Goldfinger's is one of a boat load of taverns around Las Vegas and while it has your standard bar and video poker it also has really good food and great service. They take their bar food to the next level by understanding how to prepare and serve it.It is fair to say that I have had just about everything on the menu there and I have not found anything that disappointed me. My personal standard is just a simple burger cooked medium rare. The burger comes to me juicy and tasty and the bun is toasted correctly so it does not fall apart. There is something to be said for a good burger and that alone has kept me and my wife coming back for more. We call this place our "Cheers" because everyone seems to know our names.They do not have a huge menu, but the menu they have they do well and I like that. You can tweak your meal here and their and they do not put up a fuss and if the server does not know if it can be done he talks to the chef and they get it done. Like I said, service is top notch. They may not "Crumb the Table" but they do make your experience there as good as possible and that too is commendable.Yeah, me and my wife are fans and we go there several times a week. Give it a try. If this review sounds familiar, it is because it is just about the same as the one for Mulligans Border owned by the same people. But I had to add this one because the make a killer burger and I highly recommend it because it is one of the few places in this city that does a burger right.
4	Seriously folks - I like this place.It is a bar and restaurant with the restaurant totally seperate.  I stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday around noon.  The interior is pretty swanky for a vegas style tavern.  I ordered chicken fried steak and eggs.  The true mark of a quality breakfast is if they baste my eggs correctly.  These eggs were perfect - white parts set with the yolks runny and no brown spots on the bottom!The steak was good, tender.  The gravy was not amazing but decent.Here is what I was exctied to YELP... try the meatball omelette!!  My friend got it and I tried a bite.  It was incredible.  It was kinda like eating pizza/lasagne and eggs all at the same time.  I am not joking people this was DAmn GOOD!  If you go there and don't like it - you can personally call me out as a bad yelper. I am telling it was good.  A swanky bar and grille with an mazaing meatball omelette!!!
4	This place is very interesting, and very delicious.  Located off 215 and North Decatur, Goldfinger's is probably one of the first Bar and Grill you might see when you get off the 215 and headed North of Decatur.  At first, wasn't sure what to make of it, and wasn't sure if was still open.  But when we got there, there were plenty of room to park.  Its one of those places that has separate rooms, to either dine in or, sit at the bar and watch sports.  We decided to dine in and try it out.  At first, we were the only people in the dining area and had thoughts of this place having a wait staff around.  But a few minutes later, some one came out and greeted us.  It wasn't busy, so there wasn't really a rush for them to service us.  But they lady was nice and helpful, as well as, funny and entertaining.  After looking over the menu, I ordered the sirloin steak special they had going.  I'll admit, it was really good.  The steak was made to perfection.  It wasn't as hard, nor was it chewy like a tire.  But if I'm able to cut it with a butter knife with no problem, then that is a nice tender steak.  I did have a steak knife, but didn't realize I was using my butter knife till I put the butter knife down, next to the steak knife.  The wife had the Le Cordon Bleu, which I'll admit, tasted really good too. The servings was a good size portion, that the wife couldn't finish hers, so I finished it for her.  Unfortunately, no dessert this time, since we were stuff, but the sound of deep fried oreo's did make my mouth water.   Overall, a diamond in the rough.  I'll be honest, I was skeptical, but it turned out to be a well worth the trip.  Very well recommended.
1	Sadly this place was a real disappointment. Bought a GrouponNOW! lunch special, went over had a decent tuna melt, and then went to pay with my Groupon and they said the decided not to honor it because to many people had bought them. So they expected me to pay for my lunch even while the deal was still up on Groupon and they were selling more of the deals. Sleazy Business, with run of the mill bar food. Not worth the effort ... Typical Las Vegas scammers...
1	I have been to this restaurant (and its other location) a few times previously, and had a nice enough time, but will never patronize this business again after my experience today: Happy to see a GrouponNow this morning, I ordered one right up, and my husband and I headed there for lunch. We sat down, ordered our meals and drinks, and overheard the waitress complaining that someone had just ordered $20 worth of food for just himself. Obviously, not good form to be complaining about patrons in front of other diners, but whatever. A few minutes later, we overheard her again complaining about "Groupons" and that her manager had told her not to accept any more Groupons because they were only supposed to be for $1 off $20. I spoke up and asked the waitress why they weren't accepting the Groupon, and she said it was a "scam," acting like all three Groupon users in the restaurant  were common criminals, somehow in cahoots with one another. We walked out without another word, hungry, and will never be back. This restaurant has been listed on GrouponNow multiple times, so I have no doubt they know how the concept works.Note to owners: COMMUNICATE WITH YOUR STAFF OR LOSE EVEN MORE CUSTOMERS
2	While the food is adequate, the atmosphere is unhealthy with "second-hand" smoke as the restaurant is NOT smoke-free. How can you enjoy a meal when you're struggling to breathe?
5	This place is great! Food is excellent. Service is fantastic. After reading all the reviews I realize the only negative ones come from cheapskates trying to use groupon. I can't fault a business for groupon obviously screwing up their promotion. Who really expects to get 20$ worth of food for a dollar! Get real cheapos!!! If you want great food, great service and a quiet relaxing atmosphere this is the place for you! And I didn't even mention they have specials that start out at $2.99. Bacon, 2 eggs, hash browns and toast for less than 3 dollars!!!!! Old Vegas hospitality and service lives on at Goldfingers! 5 stars for sure!
5	Best bar food on this side of town.
5	Went here for the first time last night i was with a party of 14 and we were all really impressed not only was the food excellent but the specials were a great deal $5.99 for dinner i had the salsbury steak it was delicious my wife had the cheesy enchiladas with rice and beans which was awesome too thats just two of the tasty great deals theres also a chicken fried steak meal a beef & bean burrito meal and a cranberry pecan chicken salad all for just $5.99 and im a father of 5 so i was very glad to see a place out north here making great food at a great price finally. Also the waitress was extremely gracious and gave us very good service this place is definetly going to be a weekly staple for this family thanks goldfingers
5	Goldfingers has become my "go to" place for breakfast. The kitchen does an excellent job turning out a great menu full of traditional favorites with a few surprises. The Pancake Sandwich is a can't miss, and their daily specials are all delicious.
4	Every time we come here we get fabulous service no matter what time of day it is, we usually come during graveyard hours. The staff is always friendly, place is clean. And the Food is good . They have a healthy menu which not all bars have, I love it. Only issue is every time we leave, we come out smelling like an ash tray. The smoke is pretty heavy, but at thd end of the day , it is a bar :)
4	I have lived down the street from this place for almost a year, and finally gave it a chance.  We were looking for a place that would be playing the Euro cup and serve breakfast all day. And we found it.  Yummy food, and a very funny, personable staff.  Prices were excellent, atmosphere was comfortable.  Definitely worth a shot if you are in the area.
4	Don't know how we missed this place for so long.While we have only been here for breakfast, it was a great stop in. The bartender was a blast and the other patrons were fun to chat with.The folks behind the bar can up up with some neat drink suggestions.And the prices are GREAT!!
4	Cheap fast breakfast! What's not to love? (they have other Pub style dishes for lunch and dinner as well)$5.95 for two eggs, two sausages or bacon strips, hasbrowns, AND two slices of buttered toast.Beats waiting at IHOP or Denny's, that's for sure!
2	Open letter to the management:There is something you seem not to know about your wait staff, they try to take advantage of your customers by rounded down the change on a ticket. Let's say a ticket totaled $17.31, and I gave her a $20 and a $10, what should I have gotten in change? Why any 3rd grader will tell you $12.69 (broken into 1's and a $5). What I got was $12.00 even, shorting me you $0.69. Is this a big deal? Not once it's not but after having this behavior happen at your establishment several times it has become a habit with your staff, assuming the change. To compound this, this particular waitress I had called this on her before. I had also informed management before and so obviously nothing had been done. Did I get pissed off, yeah... I certainly did (and admittedly a bit over the top). Did a manager both to ask why I was so upset... no. OK... so I'm 86'ed from your little place... plenty of places to eat in Vegas, but you should know that your staff is not as honest with your customers as you would like to think and your rep on the street is reflecting of this. I had been warned (by a former employee of yours) that this was the "inside baseball" thing that happened there but I couldn't believe it. Obviously it was true. The shame of it all is unfortunately this sort of behavior has spread to other places, and I would assume it is the economy that spurs this on.The funny thing is, when a server brings me my change rounded the other way (so maybe I get a few cents extra back), I usually am sure to tip it back and then some, and people who know me know I am not a cheap tipper. (Unless you assume the change and then I am likely to leave nothing at all, seeing as how you've taken your tip already.)So yeah, 86 me, but be sure to fire your wait staff, they are doing you a great disservice. And now you know what gets gossiped about your establishment, a rare thing for management to learn, and I'd use it if I were you.-JBNeed to contact me: yelp@visual-impact.com
5	Had the BLT......so delish....the chicken wraps were great too!! Loved our lunch!
4	This place is one of our family's regular spots.  The decor is wonderful, staff is attentive, the food is served fast (and it is SUPER cheap) and the food is wonderful.  They have one of the best chicken fried steaks I have ever had.  MANY lunch/dinner specials for about $6.  The steak with cheese and mushrooms is very flavorful and tender.  Also, for parents note the bar is in a completely separate room from their family friendly dining room.
4	We have been there for every meal and had take out... This place is great!!The food is darn good and the servers are always friendly and talkative.The beverage special is nothing spectacular, but enough to get you moving.
1	Absolutely terrible place.My wife and I went here after moving to the area; it was the closest restaurant. We first went for breakfast in which they had a large sign outside advertising specials. Come to find out, that didnt apply on Sundays (despite the fact that the menu said it did - they said it was a typo). Oh well, big deal.. few more bucks. Several other patrons complained and the manager threw a fit in front of one of them about how he will call the police if they dont pay the full bill. The food was nothing special, but nothing to complain about. I wrote it off and went back a few weeks later. This time,  the service was TERRIBLE - no drink refills, waited for our menus for at least 20 minutes, etc. To make matters worse, my wife found a medium size brown hair in her salad. I told the manager that I wouldnt be paying for her meal and that we wont be back (a promise I've kept). He basically shrugged it off and hardly apologized. There is a reason the parking lot is always empty.
1	Went to this establishment with 5 other friends to have a drink and some food for St. Patrick's Day. We were having a conversation that was apparently to LOUD for the male bartender. Because he came over and told us to keep it down. It's a bar for goodness sake! You're supposed to be able to have a good time, but apparently not here! it was the first and LAST time I will EVER go into this bar. The female bartender was nice, except for the fact she forgot my friends drink! I don't recommend anyone frequent this establishment!!!!! Hate to give this one star, but I didn't have a choice
4	Nice little spot with great bar food.  Also darn good breakfast menu!
1	This bar was irritatingly upsetting. No happy hour. NO DRINK menu. and ONE cocktail drink cost me $8.
1	Dont go here if your from out of town, they would not serve us because we had a out of state Id.....Utah really    they missed out on a $100.00 bill plus what ever we would have spent on their machines......Tell all your friends that your friends weren't allowed to drink here...So don't go here!!!!!!   I think thats discrimination!!!!!
1	How do you call yourself a sports bar and don't allow your patrons to cheer for their team? Really? Expecially when they are ready racked up a $70 tab and alk before half time! Good way to not get tipped, bartender! Rude Rude Rude!!
1	I don't how this places ratings are above a two... This place served us raw chicken wings and instant potatoes... This place seriously needs a new chef ! I told the waiter our chicken was raw and he sort of shrugged his shoulders as if this has been an on going issue...DO NOT eat here
4	Very nice intimate place. Never too crowded. Only thing I would change is a better menu selection. It's limited. Great customer service
1	The only reason for the one star is because there is not an option for zero stars.  I have been here 3 times; the first time we ate breakfast on the restaurant side.   The food was decent, as was the service and price.  The second visit here and I thought I was in the twilight zone.  The bartender was incredibly rude and informed us that our conversation should not be able to be heard over the music that was playing.  I initially thought she was joking.  She wasn't.  We left and I chalked it up to perhaps she was having a bad day.  The next time I go in, she is there and walks past me at least 4 times before asking for my order.  I should add I was there around lunch time and there were only two other people in the bar so her service wasn't slow due to being busy; she was again very rude and quite frankly should not be in a customer service position.  I speak with the manager and he is no better. Evidently his father or grandfather owns the bar and he does not take customer complaints well. He became defensive and essentially told me I was wrong.So, I leave and through casual conversations with friends after the fact, find out that the same thing has happened to them or someone they know.  Needless to say I will not return to this establishment.
5	I love this place. Now this review is for the restaurant portion. There are two doors when you walk in one leads to the restaurant and the other to the bar. Never been there. Anyway I love the food. And I like the service to. I would recommend this place to people who like good food and service.
1	I got a mushroom cheeseburger and it was delicious. Only reason they are getting a star. Their downfall was that the service was awful. I am visiting with my family who lives local and it is some of the worst service I've ever had.  The waiters are wearing leggings and football shirt. I understand the football shirt but it is super innapropriate to work in a resturaunt and wear leggings. I will not be back, ever.
1	Everything is average about this place. The day shift server is not that good she less than average. She could use some customer service training. I understand it's not an easy job but she should take some pride in her occupation.
1	I came here a few times to meet up a client, food is below average , alot of it is frozen food. The service is horrible, the day shift bartender is so rude and disrespectful, she would do great at dicks last resort.Credit Card was over charged twice , I brought it up to the management but they could care less.
