4	I have seen Four Peaks grow from a small bar to a full on restaurant over the years.  Good beer.  Good food.  Reasonable prices.  What more can you ask for?  I reserved one star because it has lost a little something over the years for me...  I liked it more when it was a small college hangout.  I like the Tempe original way more than its Scottsdale sister, which blows.  Stick to the original.
4	Definitely my favorite place to go to in Tempe whenever I am there and especially when I lived there.  I was one of the lucky ones who started going there the week they opened and what seemed like every week there-after until I moved about two years ago.  When I have been back, I've been saddened to see how hard it is just to get a table outside.  The service has always been so-so, but the food, beer and music have always been excellent.  Kiltlifter and 8th Street are my favorite beers and for some reason I love the garlic cheese beer bread as simple as it is.  I've been to the one in Scottsdale and it is not nearly as cool as the original.  Do they still have the pumpkin decorating contest around Halloween?    Great times.  Hope to visit again soon.
5	oh the glory days back at Four Peaks! I loved this place when i lived in Tempe. I was there at least once a week, and i always go when i visit. All their food is excellent including their desserts. The spinach and artichoke dip and the fish and chips are super good. The peach beer which is seasonal is amazing and refreshing. The patio is one of the nicest places to sit, so chill.
5	A happening and exciting restaurant / bar.  The chicken wings appetizer with the oatmeal stout infused barbeque sauce is scrumptious.
4	I like my share of microbeers, but this place has the market cornered! Is it the Tempe water, I hope not. But, the food and brews are the best. Kiltlifter and heffie are two of my personal favs. Others have remarked how good the Peach Ale is as well as the IPA. For a great place to enjoy the microbrews, off the beaten path atmosphere and overall..cozy approach, stop in for a pitcher on me ;)  If I am there, I will surely buy!
4	This is one of the first places I go to when I come back to visit family and friends.  The seasonal beers are always great, the food never tastes bad, and the people that frequent it are usually pretty mixed.  The only problem is parking on a busy night, hit the alley in the back and you might be able to find a spot.  See you in December.
4	Great beer. Good food. Great atmosphere.  My only beef is that they don't have happy hour prices on food.  A little overpriced for the poor college crowd but it's within stumbling distance of my apartment so I think it's great.
4	Yummy nachos, good local brew, and a cool, laid-back atmosphere.  One of the few places in Tempe I really enjoy.  While I still feel old at times, it is not nearly as overrun by college students as the bars near campus...like Maloney's.  This is a great place to kick back under the misters and enjoy a cold beer on a hot summer day.
4	Great beer and really good beer bread. You can sit at the very long bar, or on the patio, the two best places to be in the fall, winter and spring. Outside you enjoy the great weather, at the bar you are closest to the beer. The drawbacks are a relative lack of seasonal beers; a fruit-based beer always on tap and thus taking space from a more deserving beer that really tastes like beer and not some fruit soda enjoyed only by those who need training wheels on their beer (they probably drink Coors at home); and the freakin' summer when it's 110 outside. Four Peaks only has swamp coolers which are pretty ineffective when its hot and humid (July-September). Other than that, a most excellent place for decent food, very friendly servers and excellent beer (probably the best microbrews in the Phoenix area). There's not a lot of parking either. Apparently when they built this warehouse as a creamery a 100 years ago or so, parking wasn't given much thought. Stupid lack of foresight!
5	My father introduced me to this place about 6 months ago and I've been back about 10 times. They have my favorite beer on the planet they brew themselves known as Kilt Lifter. It's a dark beer...mmm.....my favorite and it's the best there is, period. The best part is (and I do this every time) you can buy cases of their most popular beers for $1 a beer. No I didn't studder. $24 bucks gets you 24 beers. The best beers money can buy. Beyond that...ALL their beers are good. Most are phenominal. The scenario (college area) is fabulous...and the food is amazing! Everyone I have introduced to it has absolutely loved it! Also note...there are 2 locations I have only visited the Tempe location. The other is in Scottsdale.
5	I love Four Peaks as a restaurant, but not as a drinking destination. I'm not sure why - the beers are great, i've sworn off the Kiltlifter but really enjoy the 8th St Ale and an occasional Peach. I think it just seems sooo laid back that i get sleepy after all the heavy food and beer.most of the seating is outside, although they've opened a big area by the casks. this is basically a huge, brink warehouse, and it's not air condidtioned, even in the summer. it's more like a swamp cooler feel and lots and lots of fans, so be wary of a summer venture- it may feel a little stick y and uncomfortable in there.there's tons of tvs, though the mentality and atmosphere is far from a sports bar. there is also a pool table or two.i highly recommend this place for brunch on sundays... they have their special mamosas (peach beer and champagne) and an awesome breakfast menu. it's hidden back from the main street and in the neighborhood, which i really like.
5	Awesome beers, awesome food.  My all time favorite microbrewery ever.  Don't settle for anything less if you're in the area.Avoid Thursday and Friday late afternoon through 2am Sunday morning unless you enjoy massive crowds from nearby Arizona State University.  Good luck finding parking within a mile or room to sit during these times.
5	GOD i love this place! FIVE STARS ALL AROUND!!!! LOVE IT!
4	best brewery i've been to in phoenix other then the sonora brewhouse. it's off the beaten path and hard to find. even when you do, there still will be no parking. but its worth any frustration you have to go through.its got a great selection of microbrews. i love the hop knot IPA. its really alcoholic and full of flavor with some kindof peach accent or something yet goes down really easy.the food there is also awesome, i had a wood-fired bbq chicken pizza that was fantastic.the place has tons of room so it easy to go there and get a table even with a large group during a busy time. there is also tons of outside seating which is great for a city like phoenix which has amazing afternoon weather 9 months of the year.tons of big screen tvs too. would probably be a great place to watch the suns lose to mafia-paid referees.
4	Tempe's Four Peaks is big with Valley hipsters, college students and local musicians. The food is delicious. The bar offers an abundance of brews and they even give brewery tours so people can learn about the crafting process through something I like to call Beer 101. I'm a big fan of the bar's large patio, which overlooks 8th St. It's a great place to socialize and kick back with a cold glass of Framboise (try it if you're in the mood for something fruity!) and people watch. Be forewarned, parking is a pain here since the lot is small, but there's usually a decent amount of street parking and they even offer valet service.
5	Great place for Happy Hour.  Good food, Great beer, fun atmosphere.Update 12/2011 - Four Peaks continues to be (4 years later) my go to place for lunch...  The food is always, always spectacular...  And I can say this since I eat here at least once a week when I'm in town...At least two different people have told me they have had their "best fish and chips" and "best sandwich" of their lifetimes at 4P.  Enough said.
3	I have to say that I like the Scottsdale location much more.  The hostess brought us in right away and got us a table where we could watch the game.  The food was just as good as the Scottsdale location and our waitress was very nice but they had no AC!  Its 110 degrees outside!  How can you not have AC inside?!  (If there was AC I would have given them 4 stars.) There are misters going like mad outside but if you're outside you can't watch the game.  Tough choices.The Sox/Yankees were on when we went and they were nice enough to put it on the TV that my seat was facing, even taking off the YES broadcast and putting on the ESPN feed when I asked.  Awesome.  PS.  The parking situation kinda sucks.
4	When it's football season and I want to watch a game, the only place I favor is Four Peaks in Tempe. Ok, this place might not be the loudest bar. It might not have scantily clad waitresses. The food and the drinks more than make up for it. I don't get it when guys go to Hooters to watch a game, and pay $20 for poor quality wings (I can buy the same at Costco). Plus, If I want to see 1/2 naked girls, I'd go to a strip club. I only come to a bar to watch the game, have a couple of beers, and eat good food. For bar food, Four Peaks has the best nachos, awesome grilled chicken beer bread, tasty artichoke dip, and a great house hamburger. They have enough TVs for the game you are looking for. They have a cool patio to chill, Plus, how can you not like their beer!The one thing that is annoying is that there is this bouncer that spends 10 seconds looking at my ID (he bends it a couple times to check for authenticity)  to make sure I am the person on the ID. I've been there so many times that he should know my name. But, he keeps doing it. I think I need to go to DMV and get a new ID now.
4	Fantastic food and atmosphere!  I adore their beer bread sandwiches & appetizers especially.  It's a fun place to go with friends or on a date.
4	Try the oatmeal stout.  If you can't handle beer that will put hair on your chest or the idea of a beer you can't see through makes you queasy, try the 8th Street IPA.  I haven't had anything on their menu that wasn't good, but I'm partial to the nachos and the chicken strips.  Careful the nachos come out on a fork lift.  Yes you can add beef or chicken to them, but you won't need to.  They stand up just fine without and you're not going to go hungry.  The mixed drinks are decent, but come on.  You're in a brewery. Live a little!On a side note, the patio is smoking friendly and the water is awesome because as every good brewer knows, pure water makes awesome beer.On the weekends this place gets over crowded.  You could go on a weeknight like a sensible person.  Or, you can simply find a person or two who is hogging an entire table to themselves and foist your company upon them.  Really, don't take no for an answer. Convince them that having you sit with them is like an unexpected gift.  And not like a crappy gift from someone who doesn't know you but feels obligated to gift you anyways.  But like a really awesome gift that you didn't even know you wanted till you opened it.  Come on now, flash that winning smile. I'll be right behind you if you need me. Honest.
3	Reasons to go to Four Peaks:  1) You're hungry, 2) you're thirsty, 3) you're meeting friends with a wide variety of palates, 4) you're meeting a LOT of friends,  5) you're meeting friends who like to play photo hunt, and don't need the "erotic" adjective to find it fun, 6) you're meeting people who you don't plan to talk to, so having a game on in every corner of the room is to your benefit.  Four peaks is comfort bar food with comfort beer.  It isn't the greatest, but it is far from the worst.  It was a fantastic place to go after the Tour de Fat in Tempe.... when people wanted a little grease, a place to sit, and one more beer.
3	Dear Four Peaks,It's so hard in today's generic corporate driven society to find a place that takes pride in their product like you do, brewing eight varieties of beer on a regular basis and creating new and exciting seasonal brews with the tender loving intimacy that only a small business can provide. You deserve an incredible amount of credit for that. My question for you is: do they all have to taste assy?I mean, I know some people like the taste of your Arizona Peach ale, but the last time I tried it I did something uncharacteristic. I didn't even finish the whole thing. It smelled like country time heaven, but it tasted like fetid peach bile. Your IPA, Hop Knot, and Oatmeal Stout give me bitter beer face, but since they're supposed to have strong character and flavor, I accept this inevitability and leave them to someone who will love them with all the passion they deserve. And it seems like your Kiltlifter exists only to get me plowed in record time, at about 6% alcohol by volume, so that's a good thing and means it's bound to be strong like a bull, so I can accept the ass factor. When it boils down to it, the only beers you have on tap that seem fit for my consumption are the 8th Street Ale and the Hefewiezen. But even those leave me with a hang over the next morning. Did I do something wrong? Is that why you don't like me? Is that why you feel it necessary to have your beer drill its way into my skull and leave me with a headache the morning after, regardless of the fact that the fancy imports and run of the mill domestic beers I consume at other bars don't even cause me to blink an eye? I thought we had a pretty solid relationship, but since I haven't been visiting you that often, I guess you've had a change of heart.So I'll make a concerted effort to swing by for happy hour every now and then to share a pitcher between 3 and 7, but only when somebody else suggests we visit. You just seem to slip through the cracks whenever my little barfly mind starts thinking up fun places to enjoy a couple brews after work. (Luckily that isn't the case when my grumbling stomach does the talking, because your food is delicious and would be a terrible thing to miss out on!)I think it may also have something to do with your patio, which is unwelcoming and a freakin' madhouse at all times of the day. Provided I can get one, those gigantic square tables only let me chat with the people to either side of me. And I'm practically sitting in the lap of the people behind me, causing me to maneuver like a slinky snake just to get out of my chair and weasel my way to the restroom. Doesn't this piss off your servers? Because I'd be pissed off if my job was to pick my way through that maze on a regular basis. Maybe that's why sometimes I get poor service on the patio, because your indoor and side car dining areas have always had the most attentive ladies waiting on me. I guess I have a serious love hate thing going on with your patio, Peaks.Granted, the food you offer is phenomenal, especially for a place that calls itself a brewery. You have gone above and beyond the basic need for chex mix and peanuts on the bar, or fried greasy food that's on par with bowling alley eats. You offer some amazing and delicious dishes. One of my favorites is your Southwest Burger with pepper jack cheese and green chili that is positively rockin' with flavor, but the sweet jalapeno dressing tastes a little meh, so I get it on the side when I'm a little iffy about the funk factor of my burger. You do have one stand out menu item that everyone should bow down to though, and that is the Grilled Chicken Beer Bread. It is a soft pillowy tribute to chickens everywhere. If they could speak...well they'd berate you for eating them, so we'll consider it a posthumous tribute. Or perhaps it's a tribute to the amazing artichokes and peppers. And the sauce drizzled in this dish is the perfect accompaniment.Also, your beer battered fries are off the hook good.So at least you've got that going for you. I'll be seeing you around Peaks. I just won't be singing your praises on a regular basis.Cheers!Erica
4	Good food + Good beer = Awesome.A little too "sports bar" for me, but still a very good brewery!
5	The problem I run into every time I come here is trying not to drink too much. The beer is just too tasty!Their food... granted is great. Every meal I have eaten is awesome. And their pizzas are as good as other notable places.But the beer,,,, Amazing. Even the Arizona Peach. Which is notorious for being a bit too strange for hardened beer drinkers. It's tasty. Their seasonals are scrumptious. Their regulars are delightful. And their standbys are unrefusable.This is the problem I run into each time I visit.
3	I like Four Peaks. I really do. I like that is about a five minute walk from my apartment. I like both the Sunbru and 8th Street Ale. I like the $2.75 beers during happy hour and all day on Sunday.  I like to watch football there on Sundays because they show a lot of games, even if it is a Minnesota Vikings hangout.What I do not really like at Four Peaks is the food. Brunch was just OK. I had the Brewer's Breakfast (basically your good ole American breakfast), and I hated the country potatoes. I don't want my hash browns to taste only like bell peppers. The three things on the dinner menu I have found I really like and will order every time we go are the french fries, beer bread, and shrimp and goat cheese bruschetta. However, there is not enough bread in the bruschetta as we seem to have tons of toppings left, so typically we have to use pita bread from the hummus to finish the food.  The caesar salad is just OK and my husband likes the fish and chips but they are not the best he has ever had.For appetizers and a few beers, Four Peaks is great epecially if you get a seat on the patio on a nice day.  For dinner, not so much.
3	First - good beer, especially their seasonal.  That's what you're going here for anyways, right?  And the burger was decent.  Nothing to write home about but was reasonably tasty, cooked medium-rare just as I requested.  All's good.
4	My only real problem is that parking is limited but you can park down the streets, which at times can get to be far away but if you can't walk a block or two for good food and beer then you suck anyways.The Hefeweizen is the best in the valley hands down and yes I've tried everything I've come across here.The burgers and sandwiches are awesome and the salads are good too.I saw a review that said the atmosphere was too much of a sports bar?  Eh not so much.  I mean there's a few TV's with sports on but NOT the typical sports bar visitors at all.  I'm not a dark beer fan but I hear the Kilt Lifter is awesome and the winter ale when it's available is awesome too.  I have a friend that always orders the ice cream beer drink with some dark beer and she loves that a ton.Overall just a great place to sit and chill and have some good food and great beer.  Go visit.  Do it, do it.
4	I probably should have studied up a little more on this place before deciding 8 o clock on a friday as a good meeting time.  Yeah, not the best time to go.  I'd been there around normal bar hours before, but totally forgot about the whole "restaurant" aspect of the place.The time we went is kind of the odd in between time of people going to eat dinner and people still there for happy hour, so it was pretty packed.  There were several groups of people waiting for tables to eat when we got there.  Good thing we were invited to try to find a seat on the bar.   *Try* being the operative word.  It's a huge bar in the middle of the floor, with seating on 3 sides, but there weren't any seats at all.  Hmm. So, my friend and I got to enjoyed our first brewery crafted treat standing in between a few tables, with the seated patrons kinda checking the two of us out like, "dumbass... didn't you realize it'd be this full?"  *shrug*Thankfully, after about 15 minutes a couple seats at the bar opened up.  Hooray!  I suggest the Oatmeal Stout, Kiltlifter and Hefeweizen.  All are really good, and priced nicely at less than $4.  How cool is that?Warning- parking here isn't the best.  You probably will be parking on the street and you probably will have to walk a block or two.  Don't be all shocked by this.  In fact, if your walk is less than 5 minutes, you did well.
4	This place has great food - some of the best "bar" food around. But you really go for the beer. It's a brewery, right? I haven't tried a beer I didn't like here. There should be one that fits your taste, even if you're not a big beer drinker. The prices are reasonable and even better during happy hour which has two convenient times during the day (regular and reverse). If you're unfamiliar with the beer choices try a sampler and then grab a pint of your favorite!
5	With award shows and ceremonies, there are categories and nominees. Best actor in a drama. Best comedy or musical. Best director. Well, if "best local brewery" were a category, I think Four Peaks would win, hands down. Of course, I haven't been to every single brewery here in Phoenix, but I have been to enough bars to know that there's something endearing and cool about Four Peaks. Perhaps as a stand-alone bar, it would be mediocre. The fact that it's a local brew house makes it even cooler. It's like the average guy getting a thousand dollar make over. He just looks fabulous, doesn't he? Gotta love the exposed brick walls, the open yet enclosed feeling of the layout with tables surrounding the bar area, which is in the center. The ceilings are high. The TVs are dedicated to sports. The huge chalk board boasts a diverse menu. There's also a pretty big patio out front. The doorman was nice - even humorous. I was instantly "in like" with this place. Four Peaks has quite the crowd of fans, too. Be weary if you plan to hit this place up on a Friday around 8. You'll bump head-first into the "happy hour meets dinner crowd." No bueno if you're looking for a seat at the bar. Good luck finding a table, too. You might as well just order yourself a beer and find somewhere to stand out of the way of the bus boys and friend clans. Interestingly enough, as dinner time expires, the crowd thins. Finding a seat at the bar around 9 and 9:30 at night becomes less of a challenge. Did you take note of that? You should. I'm sayin' this: don't be afraid to mosey up to Four Peaks around 10 o'clock. It's less crowded than if you came two hours earlier. Trust me on this one. Also, bring all the good karma you can find. You'll need it to find a parking spot on the street that's a short walk to the front door. Otherwise, you may have to put your peds to good work. Not that it's a big deal, unless it's a frosty January night or muggy/bright/furiously hot summer day. Beer's are cheap, too. Under $3 for their Oatmeal Stout, which is my brew of choice. Sure, I bet the others are worth their weight, but once I find what works for me, I stick with it. So, if you go and you find something worth drinking, let me know. NOTE: Not the brightest bulbs behind the bar. Our 2nd round was free by default. We got served. We just didn't get charged. Bonus!
4	I struggle a great deal figuring out how many stars to give Four Peaks. If I could give the beer more than five stars, I would, but the actual brewery really drags down their star average.I love the rustic, no AC feel of Four Peaks. I love going with a big group of people, especially when the weather's just right and it's been a long day. Hello, Kiltlifter.Speaking of, that is my favorite beer of all time--Kiltlifter, their Scottish-style ale. The 8th St. Pale Ale is also awesome, and their hefeweizen is one of the best I've had. Food is good, but I don't go there for gourmet. The nachos are huge and the burgers are decent. Again, when drinking, I tend to go for those things which are fried or covered with something awful for me--like processed cheese. I'm not alone in this, right? Hello?Anyway, the downers: Parking is a nightmare. I'm a creature of convenience who gets frustrated easily when things are not as accessible as I would like. Also, the hostesses up front are just not nice. Seriously. For a while I tried to overcompensate their rudeness with kindness, but to no avail. Now, I just tell them how many people and keep it at that. Servers are alright; that's been a mixed bag and I hope that you get better service than I have.Good news: Plenty o' bars and pubs have Kiltlifter on tap! Hoorah! Casey Moore's (a favorite of mine), Buffalo Wild Wings (and they're a chain!) and Rula Bula are a few that I can think of off the top of my head. BevMo! also has Four Peaks' beer bottled, which is definitely not as good as the tap or the source, obviously, but when at home, at least it's better than the "great American lager." (Man, are those Budweiser commercials a joke or what?)In short, go early for parking and a seat and then camp for a while because you know what, everyone else does it and you deserve it. Hello, Kiltlifter...
5	I don't think I can think of a single bad thing to say about Four Peaks.  Delicious beer (which happily can be found at a lot of places in Phoenix.  Did you know that Wal-Mart carries Kilt Lifter??), and the food... oh my sweet baby jesus I love to eat at Four Peaks.  I positively crave their fries sometimes, and I swear I dream about these chicken roll appetizer thingies they have.The place itself is a great atmosphere, service is quick and friendly (with one exception.  We were there with a fairly large group once, and had a terrible, slow, rude, stupid waitress.  But this was completely made up for later by better waitresses and the manager), and I just wish it was closer to my house or work.  When I did work nearby, lunch and beer at Four Peaks was my favorite.Oh and I lied, there is one bad thing... depending on when you go, parking is a major bitch.  But whatever, so you have to walk a little bit, you big baby!  Just go!
4	Here's the drill, If it's friday around noon, this is where our entire office goes for lunch. Four Peaks Friday. It could just be that it is an easy way to get 9-15 people to all agree on one spot at once, but doesn't that say something?The food is very good for a Brewery Bar, and of course, there is the beer...mmmm beer...The fish and chips are really quite excellent for a bar and the burgers are downright tasty.It can get busy and bustling, but any place that has great food and our saviour... beer... likely will.
5	A really busy happening place.  OMG i had the best chicken strips EVER here.  make sure you order them.  The fries that come with it too....... heaven.The beer is good... I had 3 kinds.  But none of them truly wowed me... but they were all tasty.  I think I liked the oatmeal stout the best.Even with how busy it was, we found seats.  The bathroom was clean and there wasn't a line.A really awesome place and good vibe.  I'd go back.
5	This is honestly one of my favorite restaurants and breweries in the whole world. The beer is outstanding, affordable, and the seasonals are always well-stocked. And there's no end to my enthusiasm for the beer-battered chicken strips and chipotle mayo - sometimes this meal can be life-changing. I've never been to the Scottsdale location, but the Tempe restaurant is wide-open, with a rustic brick ambiance that makes you feel right at home and ready to get stuffed and loaded. The only negative is that they don't distribute Kilt Lifter to Austin! Cheers!
5	This is my first review and I had to write it about what is probably my favorite place EVER. I had my freaking graduation party here. With my family, 80 year old Grandma included. And she even liked it. The beer is just awesome. If me and my boyfriend can agree, it's great to split a $11 pitcher during happy hour (I know..the prices just went up but still not bad).  I love all the appetizers with the exception of the beer bread things.  They're just weird and too hard to eat. The jalepeno popper burger is so yummy. Cream cheese on a burger is such a good idea and the crispy onion strings add nice texture. Another plus is that it's not wimpy like most "Spicy" items. It's actually pretty spicy. I also LOVE their nightly specials. I've seen Filet Mignon, Buffalo, and Osso Bucco on those things! It's always a great surprise, and always delicious. The service is great, everyone is very friendly and the atmosphere is awesome. Sometimes the music is too loud to have a conversation inside so I'm a consistent patio diner. It's right by my house and I really like trying new places and cuisine so I'm always thinking of somewhere new to go, but it's great just to have an old standby that's consistently a good time.
4	Great place to grab a burger and a custom brew... You gotta try the Peach beer. The beer flights are fun too.Plus, you can take home a "growler" (big jug) of your favorite beverage.
4	Four Peaks in Tempe offers a wide selection of well above average bar food and absolutely great beer in a historically unique and lively environment. Please note that lively means LIVELY, this bar is situated near ASU so you can expect the usual college crowd of students living it up during the school year. Service and security are excellent and I have never witnessed anything get terribly out of hand. If you bring a large group of friends the patio is an exceptional place to situate yourself. The quality and variety of beers (try the beer sampler platter) they offer (especially Kilt Lifter) will keep you coming back again and again.
4	After reading all of the awesome reviews that came before mine (ok - maybe not all of them considering there are 54 to date), I knew I had to check this place out...I was there for lunch today and although I didn't even have their beer, I loved it!  Service was kind of slow but it was a beautiful day and we sat outside so it didn't matter that much.  The atmosphere and food made up for it... I had a delicious chef salad and a side of their beer bread.  I'm not kidding - it was one of my favorite lunches I've had EVER!  The salad was fresh and the sweet jalapeno dressing combined with the turkey, hard boiled egg, tomato, cucumber, greens, bleu cheese, and candied walnuts made every bite delicious!  I made my own little wrap with the side of bread.I cannot wait to go back to experience the hand crafted ales one evening soon, as well as some of the other menu items!
5	Every time I go into this place its with good times and cheery mates and I leave the wiser with a pint of fresh brew and some of the best food. To make a great date, go to the Phoenix Rock Gym first and then climb the ladder on the back wall and walk in around the back...Great times for every one!
5	With some places, you say "I go here for the food."  For other places you say "I got there for the hot waitresses."  Still for others, you go to the place because of the atmosphere.  At Four Peaks Brewery, the main draw for me is the beer.  I'm a beer snob if you will, and this is some of the finest microbrew out there.But the best part about Four Peaks is that they have great food, wonderful atmosphere, and hot waitresses as well.  There is everything you can possibly want, so what's not to love about this place?!?!?  Their nachos, chicken spring rolls, and cheese puffs (when they have them on special) are to die for.  I'm a fan of the Kiltlifter and the 8th Street Ales, and they always have great seasonal brews as well.  I highly recommend the pumpkin porter around the holidays. It's a great place for happy hour with good beer specials, and they always have a couple of different food items on special each day.  The patio at the Tempe location is a great place for some day drinking, and inside at their massive bar you can catch a game and some great views of the "scenery," aka ASU coeds.  Parking can sometime be a pain in the ass at the Tempe location, but once you get inside and that beer hits your lips, it makes it so worth it.
5	Great beer, certainly try Scotch style ale and hoppy IPA. Bartenders and wait staff are energetic, knowledgeable and fun. Nice place to hang out, outside or inside at the bar.
5	FOOD: This place has great food with a wide variety of entrees for any taste. Great chicken strips, fish and chips, French dip sandwich, and burgers are all fantastic. You WILL be full after eating a main course here, so don't bother getting the pricey appetizers. And now for the piece de resistance: the beer! This place is pretty close to turning me into an alcoholic. The beer is top-notch, being brewed literally in the back of the restaurant where you can see. Some of the best beer I've ever had is at four peaks. No crappy beers here at all. The beer tastes available here are vast (even though there are only about 10 choices), so find a beer that suites your tastes. For example, lots of people don't like the Hop Knot because it's too hoppy, but I think it's wonderful. PRICE: My bill at Four Peaks piles up pretty quick if I'm not careful. Main courses are around $8-10, beers are $3.75 ($3 at happy hour). Beer prices are great relative to other bars, but for a college student on a limited budget, Four Peaks prices can be a little high especially if you frequent the place. SERVICE: Has its ups and downs. For the vast majority of the time, waiters and bartenders are nice and helpful, and you get your food in about 15 min, so get a beer to pass the time. When in groups, I recommend paying with cash to makes things easier. Don't give some cash and some cards, it has confused them a couple times. SKINNY: I love this place!!! Lively, warm atmosphere, great food and beer. I don't understand why more college students don't flood this place, it's right next to ASU. I go to Four Peaks several times a month to hang out with friends over a beer or two. Truly one of Tempe's gems.
5	I never knew how cool Arizona could be until I visited my brother in Tempe last week.We went on a Sunday around 11am, the patio was full but there was ample inside seating.  The locals seemed to not be in favor of the inside since the weather is fantastic in March.  However, I liked the inside better because the building has character and those cool metal brewing things.  And unlike the breweries in California, the metal things aren't behind safety glass, it felt like being in your Grandpa's brewery or something cool like that.The food was fantastic, I had the beer bread sandwich and fries.  The fries are amazing!  They are beer battered which makes them a shade of orange and delicious, yum!I also had the beer sampler.  I was bummed that they were out of the Arizona Peach or whatever the fruit beer was, but all of the other beers were great.  I am not usually a fan of the IPA, but I liked theirs.
5	It's Sunday night, my last night in Tempe. After my dining experience the night before, I wanted to experience more of Tempe's culinary delights. The first night I arrived in Tempe, I ate in the Mill Avenue District of downtown Tempe. There I got to sample my first Four Peaks Brewing Company beer - the Kilt Lifter - a rich, dark beer that got my attention. I found out that the brewery was not far from my hotel, so once again, I hopped aboard the hotel shuttle and made my way down there.I could tell, this was a happening place - but then again, it caters to nearby ASU. From what I gather, Friday and Saturday nights are SRO. The crowd is lively, the music thumping, servers are bustling.I had no problems finding a table and the server was prompt in presenting the menu to me. I ordered the Italian Beef Beer Bread (say that three times fast after having a couple of beers!) sandwich and a pint of the oatmeal stout - oh yummmmm! A great way to end my visit to Tempe (but it certainly won't be my last!)
5	I'm not particularly fond of their beer, but I think its the 3rd best that the Valley has to offer behind Popago and Sonoran ... however, what it lacks in beer quality, and I must say its only a small leap down in quality from those other two ... it makes up for in atmosphere, which is leagues better than either of their competitors.I actually prefer their bottled beer rather than their "fresh outta the keg" variety, which is good for them seeing as I'm more likely to pick out their product at Safeway than I am to visit the Tempe location due to proximity.  On a related note, however, their House Brew that they make especially for The Roosevelt is my second favorite local brew behind Popago's Orange Blossom.Patio seating is a premium here in the Valley, and the fact that Four Peaks blended a warehouse motif into a sunny front porch SCREAMS Seattle's Pioneer Square without the dismal rain.This place is actually the first place most of my out-of-town guests request to visit when coming to Phoenix.  I always thought that was a nice compliment for Four Peaks.
3	To the reviewer who said this place is over-run with frat boys/sorority girls....I beg to differ.  I will agree that this place is always busy, and its difficult to find a table.Okay...now for the good stuff.  Beer.  I'm a fan of 8th st. Ale.  Lots of people seem to love the Kiltlifter...I'm not such a huge fan of it.  They also have seasonal blends that are pretty good....I can't think of the name of the one that comes out in the fall...but that one is good.Food.  I don't really care for the food here.  Its not that it's bad.  The food is pretty good for bar food...but nothing really stands out to me.  The only thing I absolutely always have to get, and love, is the spinach artichoke dip.  It's damn good.  I recommend it, heavily.
4	Totally a college place, but the food and beer make up for the aggravating frat boy hollers. The beer sampler is well worth the money...you get 2.5 pints for forking over a little bit more than what one pint would cost. After finishing that plate of loveliness, no amount of hollering could have ripped me from my reverie.Fish 'n' chips and the beer bread get a hearty thumbs up.
5	I love this place. It's not just all college kids.  There are plenty of people in their 30s and upward that come here to enjoy the brewery, and food.  I love it because it's big, lots of seating, water mysters for outside, tons of people, very laid back, no dress code..  The guys can watch their sports on tv's, and the girls can just sit back and relax.The food is great too by the way.  Seriously... I don't know what else to say but that I love everything about Four Peaks.
3	I'm personally not a huge fan of Four Peaks. I've never really liked the food all that much and I find it to be more of a hassle than it's often worth to go there and find parking and get a table. It's not always too busy, but most of the time it is. That's the price you pay when you're popular. The beer is good enough to be proud of if you're a local and you don't have to get it here since it's sold all over the valley. I wouldn't ever go out of my way to get it, but "good enough" is about the best compliment I can bestow. I'm not a huge fan of beer to begin with, but I like it enough to have an idea of what constitutes a good beer versus a bad or average one. Some of their beers I simply don't like - it's that stomach bile flavor that turns me away. Other brews are quite tolerable to actually good.I see this mostly as a great place to take someone who is visiting from somewhere else. There's a bit of a 'wow' factor with Four Peaks. It's sorta neat to walk in through the back door past all the tanks and whatnot. In the summer, it's also a nice and chilly way to cool off. Beyond that, it's probably only barely worth it. I've found the service to be unpredictable... usually not good. It's probably a bad idea to take a date here unless you're in college. When my friends suggest going here, I usually suggest someplace else - not sure exactly why. There's just something about it that doesn't lend itself to an easy dining and drinking experience... it's complicated somehow. It's odd that a place you can wear flip flops to could feel complicated, but it is. Maybe it's that tiny bit of 'factory' vibe the building gives off. It's like we're visiting the building while it's working and we're not entirely welcome there, but it's just too polite to tell us to leave.
5	Damn, I miss this place!  I used to live at the Quad's apartments (big mistake) but on the plus side, I was less than half a block walk from this place.  When I moved to Scottsdale and had to actually drive to the place, the parking did kinda suck, but it's not as bad as everyone else makes it out to be--there is a small lot behind 4Peaks.  All the food is freaking amazing!  They have daily specials which can be hit or miss based on principal alone (I'm semi-vegetarian and I ain't gonna eat beef), but unfortunately all the hits I've experienced I never again saw on the daily specials again.  They also have a beer float, but I'm just not that adventurous...  The Stoutimisu is excellent, but HUGE!Great patio with both misters and heaters, depending on the season.I even had my going away party at the Scottsdale location, that's how much I love this place!!
5	I came here on the opening night when someone from Gin Blossoms played on a makeshift stage, the beers were 25 cents and there was no food (but you know me, we ordered a pizza from a neighborhood pizza place.) Since then, they have added a full kitchen and the food is amazing (chicken strips that were designed for diners who appreciate tempura-like batter and are over the age of four), the beer is astounding (one word: Kolsch...makes me swoon) and the people are great. It's worth the walk wherever you end up finding a space to park--even better, ride your bike over like we do! The Sunday brunch is great. All of my friends sit and wish they had a student loan that would enable them to spend at least half of the day drinking here daily. I don't blame them.
3	I like Four Peaks when you can get a parking space and table on the patio (so not Friday nights).  The food is not great, but the beer and people are good.
4	I like the beer. They have a killer patio out front with misters & a few trees. The food is reliable, typical bar food fare & pizzas. Don't miss the chicken wings, and usually you cant go wrong with the specials. We often head there for Friday afternoon happy hour. Did I mention I like the beer?BOTTOM LINE: Eat, drink & be merry - one of the best AZ patios!
3	This is a pretty good place if you want to have good beer. On Friday night this place was pretty packed. My friends already had a table when I got there so I got out of waiting for an open table. Try to go for the patio if you can. Food: I would be able to say because I wasn't hungry at the moment, but I have heard that they have killer fries. Beer: At first I wasn't sure what I wanted so our server brought their seasonal beer. Being summer time I was expecting a lighter, fruitier beer as a seasonal. This was not. Not sure the same, but it was darker and I found it to be on the better side. I went with a pitcher of Kilt lifter beer, which was very tasty. A really big downfall is parking. The front lot is extremely small. They do have a back dirt lot, but I dislike parking there because it too is small and hard to get in and out of. On the street and walking about a block is what you have to expect. Overall I would come here again to try come food. The beer is decent. My next trip will be on a weekday so I can avoid the crowds.
5	I love four peaks, beer, food, happy hour, people, location, patio everything.. Its good to just get a drink and watch the game or to do a full-on dinner.. Bad news first.. its busy, so get there early, and parking is hard to find. They don't really have there own parking lot, so you have to park along the street, but its worth it. The beer is awesome, they have something to satisfy anyones taste in beer, I personally like a lighter beer so I go either for the peach or the sunbru.. but it has darks, mediums, hoppy stuff, everything.. Food is excellent, I love the Hummus, its a little spicy and the pita is warm, and I usually end up with more hummus then pita and they always bring out more.. The pretzels are perfect with the spicy mustard  .. Their hamburgers and fries are amazing, sandwiches are to die for and I haven't had it but their pizzas look tasty.. Also there fries are the best beer battered fries I think I have ever had.. They also have specials, that are usually something different then what they have on their menu, more Mexican or Italian type of options.. I love it, it can be too busy for people sometimes, it does get loud and parking is a pain.. but get past that its worth it.
4	I'm never disappointed when I come to Four Peaks. Their house-brewed beers are great--the first time I came I ordered the sampler, where you can try them all (there are quite a few choices), or you can ask for a taste of one you think you want. My favorites are Hop Knot and Oatmeal Stout. Inside is an expanded seating area and bar which shows sports events. I would not recommend coming during a big event--it can get very busy and loud. However, out on the patio, with lots of misters, is the best place to sit. The service is usually good, and the food is surprisingly good for a brewery. My favs are the hamburgers (which I try not to eat too much) and the vegetarian beer bread (read thick pita-like bread with mozzarella and roasted vegetables, including yummy portobello mushrooms). I like Four Peaks best in the afternoon to relax on the patio, maybe for lunch, rather than at night, when it gets more bar-like and can be hard to find parking (FYI there is parking behind the bar if none is available on the street). Summary: Beer is great. Try their seasonals (had a stellar 11% barleywine). Food is good for a pub, but not exceptional. Just a good place to hang out and relax with friends.
5	Okay, I am a passionate man, with strong opinions, so if you don't agree with me... well your wrong.Four Peaks Brewing Co is a city treasure.  In a city as large as Phoenix one would think many fantastic local micro-brews would be available...  Not so.  There are fewer, fewer that are good, and one that is excellent.  Yes Four peaks is that one shinning example of what Phoenician beer bliss can be.Oh there are breweries that equal its prowess in AZ, just no others in Phoenix.  If you are in Prescott, go to the Prescott Brewing Co.  In Sedona the Oak Creek Brewing company is out of this world.  in Phoenix, there is Four Peaks.  Do yourself a favor and order a Kiltlifter, then wash it down with an Oatmeal Stout!Oh, the food is just okay.... This is a pub, not a restaurant!  You don't come here for food you come here for beer and wash it down with some greasy food!On a  very sad note i did see a strawberry something or other beer the last time I was there... very disturbing that was!
4	The hubby LOVES beer - I mean LOVES it - so I decided to surprise him by taking him to FPBC in Tempe - we had the little guy with us (as usual - I mean that in a good way). We pull right up front - Rock Star parking!  I see the misting systems going - and people hanging around the front.  Beforehand, we had a little trouble finding it so stopped at a house to ask for directions.  There was a happy hour house party going on - about 10 - 20 somethings hanging in the front yard playing ping pong & BBQ'ing - looking like a beer ad for a commerical - we asked about FPBC & the guys were very happy to help us with the directions and said cool spot you will like it!  I say to my hubby, see this is why I love Tempe, are you sure you don't want to sell the house in PV and move here!?!  Hmmmm....So we find it, my first thought was ok, part the BWM around the corner so we blend in!  Then I thought nah, lets just go!  The first thing I noticed was a sign that read "no Minors" so I have the hubby wait in the car and ask the very hip, very alternative looking door guy if we can bring our baby in & he says sure just don't try and slip him a drink!  I thought I like this place already!  We sat outside as it was a bit too loud inside (for the little guy).  As well, that scene in Sweet Home Alabama played in my head about the girl in a bar with a baby!  So we sat outside - thinking that would be better? Hee Hee...Mind you I hate beer but played along, so I ordered the lightest beer on the menu it was a peach ale - YUMMY!  The hubby ordered three weird tasting beers and loved each one.  We had the chicken rolls which we amazing and the shrimp Bruchetta (sp?) they use WAY too much garlic but it was still good and a great portion size.We will go back for sure, but I think we will leave the baby at home - so we can really enjoy the noise :)
4	Great food and atmosphere. Had lunch there on a Friday afternoon. Parking is a bit of a challenge. Had the pork pita which had onions, bell peppers, and pepper jack cheese...awesome...The burgers are good too! The service was excellent.
5	Great place to socialize, eat good food, and drink tasty beer! I would definitely reccommend this to people. I had a very creative burger called the popper burger which was really good. The person I was with also got a burger and said it was really good. We tried a few of the beers and were very impressed with them! I came on a Monday or Sunday night and it was busy. This is kind of a loud, social place, so I wouldnt reccommend going here if you're looking for a quiet, classy dinner...it is a brewing company!
3	I love the establishment and the feel of this place. There is one other thing I love about this place and that is there Thai style wings holy goodness make me cream myself! If I was not a total beer connoisseur I could say this was good beer but I am so I can't. This beer is good if you just jumped off the Budweiser ban-wagon. They make one note worthy beer in my opinion and it is the hop-squash. It is a seasonal brew they put out during the holidays, the rest I well I only go during the winter months. If you are looking for real good beer head down the way to Papago brewing company!
4	Four stars because: parking is a bitch and they seemingly have no airconditioning. This is bad and yest good because you can "walk off" your buzz and because you drink more beer when hot. And they have TWO stalls for the ladies room- which at a bar is just stupid.Four good stars because: atmosphere is great. The beer battered chicken is cheap and awesome, plus, they serve vinegar with their fries! Also- the Raj beer is amazing. This was great to take our friends on Friday, in the summer, after work, because it was crowded!!!! Yay for a place in Tempe in the summer which is crowded.
5	Yeah the parking sucks, and it can be difficult to find.  I swear this place must be located it the middle of the Beer-muda fucking Triangle cause I *always* seem to have a hard time finding my way back here, no matter how many times I've been.Personally, I like the food at Four Peaks, it's definitely a cut above the standard BEAT TO DEATH "bar food" and other lame pub grub you'll find on many a valley bar menu.   My favorite beers are the Hop Knot and Kilt Lifter, although I enjoy them all.  The patio is where I prefer to sit, when it's available.   Inside at the bar can be pretty loud during peak hours, making conversation with the person next to you difficult.   The factory industrial setting is nice, not something you get a lot of in Phoenix.  Kinda reminds me of how the Bridgeport Brewery in Portland used to be, before they remodeled and made it all fancy-pants.  Bridgeport, if you're reading this, why didn't you just keep the vestigial loading dock on the building, why??Anyhow, seeing as how the Valley of the Sun/Phoenix megametropolitan/whatever the hell you want to call it area, has a total of something like four locally owned brewpubs, and I love brewpubs, this place rates high on my list.So suck it, big soul-less franchises, I'll be chillaxin' at my locally owned brewery.
4	Great place to watch a game!Our neighbors introduced us to this place and we love it! It's a great place to go and have a few beers and watch the game. It became somewhat of a weekly tradition for us. Great beers (and a damn good bloody mary!) good food... and all around good place to hang out. It tends to be rather noisy there, even on a non game day/night so I definitely don't recommend it as a date spot unless you don't plan on doing a whole lot of talking =) They have a decent brunch menu on Sundays but I prefer their regular menu items.
5	tempe landmark, this is the hot spot, right off Dorsey its a 180 from the mill ave scene.  amazing beer and a menu inspired around it. huge portions make it a for sure place to hang with friends, great patio, lots of flat screens, check it out
5	Four Peaks baby.  This spot is awesome.  Great place to meet up with a crowd, grub, and pound some craft brew.  The food is great: dope appetizers , rockin' burgers, decent pizza, and daily specials.  The beer is fantastic, hop knot being my fave.  They have happy hour everday from 3-7 and 10-close with dollar off beers, a light night menu, TV's, and a pool table.  I've gotten mashed here more than a few times.  Sunday brunch is killer, and may I suggest you try the Stout milkshake, a little known secret, but good for the sweet toof.  Don't miss out on the Peaks.
4	My buddy told me about this place. He said "dude we gotta go there" and so we did. We had a pitcher of Kilt Lifter for about $12.50. I dont usually buy pitchers so I dont know about the price but since he said they brew it there I guess the price is ok. The beer battered fries were good and the fish and chips was served really hot. Its very convinient that there is a blue bus line running through there, no need for DD. Great for groups!
5	I've been coming here forever.  Through the years, I have seen many come and many go.  This place has always remained faithful.  It's a VIkings bar so if you get there on football night, it will be loud.  They are loud most of the time anyway.  However, the food is great and the beer is even better.  The best sandwich is the Salmon BLT.  The best appetizer are the NACHOS.  The best beer is the IPA or the HOPKNOT.  The specials here are always good.   Other than one snooty server, they have always had great service and the beers are priced very well.  I will never understand why somebody would pay $6 for a bottle of beer at Dos Gringos when you could get a pint of hand crafted ale here.  Also, the seating is nice here.  Many times I will chill out by myself at this place on a nice rainy afternoon and just "escape".  Sometimes the parking can be a bit tricky.
4	Yet another happy hour favorite, especially when it's a little cooler and you can enjoy the outside patio.  Lots of space, and good service.  I always get the Bavarian Pretzel - a favorite!  Others love the Beer Battered Chicken Strips with Chiptole Ranch, and if you're in for a (fattening!) treat get the Oatmeal Chocolate Stout shake.
4	Back before I was a Yelper, I lived in Tempe right around the corner from Four Peaks, and I would head over there at least weekly.  I can honestly say that I have never had a bad meal there, and that I've tried nearly the entire menu.  It's a sports bar and a brewery so it's not high-falutin' cuisine, but it is good. The burgers are big and tasty, the fries are seasoned, lightly battered and crispy.  The veggies, whether in a salad or cooked are always fresh and not overdone.  The enchiladas are delicious, the wings are good, and the pizzas are tasty but not average.  And the Sunday brunch is definitely worth heading over there to enjoy.And the beer is oh so yummy.  A former professor of mine was the microbiologist on staff and he highly enjoyed and recommended their brew.The building itself is pretty cool too.  It used to be a dairy back in the day, and the park next door is aptly named Creamery Park.  The jukebox plays an eclectic mix of alternative music; I've often heard They Might Be Giants, Pixies and other bands that get rare radio play.  And, it's a sports bar with plenty of TVs without being obnoxious for those of us who came for the food and brew.  The staff is ever changing, except for a few familiar faces, but always helpful and excellent.I'd give it 4.5 stars if it were possible, but it's not.  And I can't give them 5 stars because of parking and seating issues.  This place is often too busy to handle the crowd, but in the past year they have added a host station to fairly find a seat when it's incredibly crowded.
4	In a rush to get from point A to point B but still enjoy a nice lager or ale... I found myself on the front porch of the "Peaks" peeking at a beverage listing and selecting a pasta dish.Really what sold me on giving the forth star was that there was a very wide array of foods for a brewery house and the chicken rolls that we got while we were waiting for our entrees.  Divine.  It was a good night in the Valley and I can never complain when I am supplied Ace Pear Ale on tap!  A secret weapon that may have pushed that extra star out of me.
4	Mmmm...Kiltlifter!I've been to Four Peaks several times, but gosh dang it, I can't tell you a thing about the food! I know I've eaten there, but honestly, when I think of Four Peaks, I think of beer and nothing else. The Kiltlifter is by far one of the best beers I have ever had the pleasure of chugging. You can get bottled Kiltlifter in stores now, but you gotta try it from the tap at least once. In its freshest state, Kiltlifter is as close to perfect as an amber ale can get.And of course there's food at Four Peaks...I have a vague, fuzzy memory of a pizza with pine nuts. I think it was good...BTW, I'm a little confused as to why 48 people voted that there was no alcohol at this place...it's a brewery???
4	I gave an extra star just because it is so fun to hang out here.  The waitresses are always cute and friendly and not afraid to pour your drink.  Alot of my friends are in love with the food here, I have to disagree. I think good but not great.  Still this place gets the nod from me just because it is so fun to hang out.  Chances are you will meet some new friends there too.
4	OMG.  I have found the worlds best beer.  It's the one and only Kilt Lifter.  Just an amazing beer.  Four Peaks makes so many great beers, from my favorite Kilt Lifter to the Oatmeal Stout and my favorite seasonal, Pumpkin Porter.  Their beers are so good, that I carry two of them (Kilt Lifter and Hot Knot) at my own pub in Laveen/Phoenix.  The food here is pretty good too, the spinach dip is tasty and so are most of the other apps.  Service is pretty good too...plenty of servers so you'll have someone there to give you the attention you need.  Good luck finding a seat during happy hour, especially Thurs and Friday this place gets packed. The one downside is the parking...or lack there of.  If you get there on a busy day, you may have to park like 1/2 mile down the road and walk to the brewery.  But, with these beers it's totally worth the walk.  See you there!
4	Four Peaks has an excellent atmosphere, amazing breakfast food and the BEER is so delicious.  My favorite is the Oatmeal Stout and 8th Street Ale.  The warehouse atmosphere and patio really make the experience.
4	Really good beer and beer selection. My favorite beers include their Sunbru and the Arizona Peach. The seasonal Hopsquatch is pretty intense and the Pumpkin Porter is amazing. Their food is pretty good too. I am a fan of their soft pretzels, side salads, the vegetarian burger and sandwich, and their beer battered fries! The best time to come is during happy hour to get cheaper pitchers. Downside to Four Peaks has to be the crowd, tons of college bro's and ho's, so to speak, and lots of sports on the flat screens. We sit outside which is nice since they have heaters for chilly nights. Service can be slower on busy nights. They used to have bike parking but had it removed, they should put the bike rack back in.
5	Woo Hoo! 100th Review!Set in an out-of-the-way, non-mainstream location, Four Peaks Brewing Company screams authenticity. The building is a gorgeous, brick warehouse originally constructed in 1892. As a former warehouse, the vaulted ceiling is massive standing 35 feet tall, the interior has all the room and more you could possibly want for both brewing and eating, and it even includes an expansive outdoor patio for taking in that amazing Arizona sun. But the best part is that on NFL Sundays, a group of die-hard fantasy fans gather to watch no less than 11 televisions - mostly plasma - and every game at the same time.The menu is not terribly creative and features dishes you're likely to find on any brewpub menu with few surprises. I had an Italian beef sandwich served on house made beer bread. It was tasty, but not overly impressive. It was basically a high-end glob of cheese, peppers, onions and beef on a decent chunk of bread. The accompanying breaded fries, however, were outstanding. For dessert I tried the special - a small, individual strawberry tart. It was very, very good.Overall, the beer was well above average and lends well to sitting and drinking all day, every day. My favorites were the Hefeweizen (which I don't normally go for), the Kiltlifter and the Raj IPA.I found the Kolsch to be a bit sweet but perfect for beginners. The peach was barely peached, which I appreciate. The Hop Knot Pale had a strong up-front bitterness without any of the lingering complexity, so I didn't care for it. The Raj IPA took care of that problem and was much tastier. The Kiltlifter was sweet and spicy, almost like a Christmas Ale and the Hefe was flawless. I just wish they had more dark offerings than just the Oatmeal Stout, which could use some work.
4	Someone told me this place has beer-battered bacon? If this is true, then WHOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HALLELUJAH! Bacon is a beautiful thing. In fact, I think the bacon is so good you can just order plates of bacon, and they will let you because they are nice like that. Mmmmm...Four Peaks has a great beer selection and an outdoor patio that is quite nice in the spring/summer/fall/even winter because this is Arizona, isn't it? Stays pretty warm all year long. :DI hear the Pumpkin Porter is to DIE for. Or...well, maybe not D I E (don't kill yourself!), but it's pretty damn good and sells out fast. SO HURRY! Oh wait, it's probably already sold out. Soz. The appetizers here are quite delicious, and I enjoyed those...though I can't remember what I had...Thai Hummus? Calamari? WHY CAN'T I REMEMBER? Some review this is...The food isn't TOO greasy, I don't think it's greasy at all, so you are in luck. We got lost coming here (not a local, soooooorry), but let me tell you, when we actually arrived it was just plain nice to sit outside on that patio and drink a beer and chit chat about how damn nice everything was. So, FOUR STARS...I'd give it five, but I don't even really LIKE beer (meh) -- but that's how good this place is, it actually made me WANT to get a beer. I don't think that has EVER happened before. Except for a Guinness.
5	Four Peaks is great on all levels but one.... parking.  Don't go there after 5 expecting to have an easy time parking.The beer is great, but don't expect any other beer than the ones they make.  The food is terrific and the atmosphere is one of a kind.  I haven't met anyone who didn't love this place.
4	I've been a Four Peaks drinker for some time and stopped by their North Scottsdale location for kegs, but have never stayed to eat and have never been to the Tempe location.We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon to enjoy some of their famed Pumpkin Porter and some tasty food.  We realized upon walking up that we had chosen a game-day.  This proved a challenge in securing a table(s) large enough for our group, but inevitably added to the ambiance and experience.  The beer was as good as ever and the food was quite a surprise (more than the mediocre bar fare we had expected).  The service was good, especially considering the large crowd that had amassed in preparation for the upcoming game.  In fact, a line was forming along the sidewalk just to find a place to sit.The food was great, but the star continues to be the beer.  I think I'll have to go back and get a brewery tour.
4	their beers always hit the spot. great atmosphere and before we became veggie, the chicken sandwiches are super tasty. and the prices is good. we have to flag the waiters down sometimes, but they are always busy, so what do you expect.
4	Trying to find parking here is a nightmare, but the atmosphere is great. This is my favorite location. They have a great patio, great beer and the chicken rolls are so good. I crave them all the time. Yum!
3	3.5 stars.  I like four peaks.  Its an acceptable destination in Tempe for me.  They have above-average bar food (with slightly above average bar food prices) and obviously good beer.  I'm a fan of 8th street ale (aptly named after the street the brewery is on) and the peach.  They had this AMAZING seasonal Pumpkin Porter this winter.... *le sigh* So. Delicious. And the salmon BLT is a contender for my "last meal on earth".  The beer battered fries are delicious as well and even their side salad is unusually tasty for you know, a simple side salad.I don't come here very often since it's a bit of a drive for me from Phoenix but when I do stop by its during the workweek around 6-9.  Not sure what the scene is like on weekend, I'd imagine it gets lively what with all the alcohol and sporting events being broadcast on the many TV's hanging inside.The wait staff has always been prompt and friendly.  The clientele is usually pretty diverse mix of Tempe folks.  Usually very spirited, which is not really what I look for in a drinking establishment but by no means bad and at the very least entertaining.I get annoyed that every time I come to this place they analyze my ID for like 3 minutes and usually ask for alternate forms of ID.  I understand it's a necessary precaution, really, I do, but its still annoying.  Reckon I should update the photo on my ID huh. I mention it just to give a heads up if your photo ID is looking less than accurate. This is a good place to come with a group of friends though.  A great spot to get a feel for Tempe.
4	Parking here is no easy feat...like many places in Tempe, but  walk and you'll be fine! Food is pretty good and great beers brewed onsite that are constantly changing based on the season. Good spot to meet up with a big group a friends especially on a nice day when you can sit outside, or before or after a game at ASU down the street. Scottsdale location is nice too, but this is a little more casual.
4	How have I lived in Phoenix all my life and never been here?Talk about an awkward location, perched in the middle of a residential neighborhood by some old defunct railroad tracks, but inside Four Peaks is an awesome spot. They have TVs at every turn and it doesn't matter where you are inside, you can see at least a couple of them. They have a patio that is terrific patio for people watching, and since the place is so busy, you can do plenty of that.The beers here are delicious, I especially like the Hop Knot, and their food is slightly above average. I didn't care for my burger too much, but I thought the pasta salad it was served with was the shit. I could eat that alone for my meal. Service at Four Peaks is also great. They have quite a few hot bartenders working at a time, and one of them was great at asking peoples names and trying to remember them from previous visits. She was onto me in like 5 seconds figuring out that I'm not from Tempe. How the hell do you get that? It's not like I look like a tourist in a Diamondbacks hat and my jacket on a 65 degree day in the Arizona afternoon. I'll go back, and shhhhh don't tell anyone but it's only 1/2 mile from the Dorsey/Apache station.
4	I have to be honest and say that I have only had the cheeseburger with pasta salad side at Four Peaks.  They are my favorite cheeseburgers ever though.  The pasta salad side is wonderful too.  As for the beer I love the 8th Street Ale and Kilt Lifter.  I look to try their IPAs.Trying to go on a Friday night looks like a nightmare.  I was planning on going once and just drove past because it was so crowded.  I can only imagine how crowded it would be on the other days if it wasn't in such a hidden location.I love how low key this place it.  I also buy their bottled beers at the market.
5	Great service, great beer and fantastic food....Cant say anything better because this place is HANDS DOWN, one of the best places to eat in Tempe.
4	i love it because i can wear flip-flops, a t-shirt, jeans, sit outside and drink good beer. super easy going and a huge patio make it a favorite of mine. as a bonus, the food is really good, too. between the hummus and pita, quesadillas, and spinach salad, you've got a lot of great options. surprisingly enough, even when it's packed (which it is on any nice weekend day or a friday after work), i've still had great service. try the sunbrau instead of kiltlifter next time to change it up. you won't be disappointed.
5	I used to drink the beer from here a lot, and I always wanted to go, but for whatever stupid reason, I never made it out here when I went to ASU.  I know.  I'm an asshole.  But I didn't _know_ was an asshole.But now that I've gone there...now I know.  I really was an asshole.  How bogus of me to not visit here!I came with friends to grab some food and drink after a long day of running around, chasing discs.  We got seated quickly, considering how busy it was.  Err, my friends were, and I was a little late.  But we still got a a spot.  The food and beer came out REALLY quickly, which was astounding considering the commotion (people were getting ready for the Super Bowl tomorrow).I had a Salmon BLT, which was unreasonably good since it was Arizona, and I was eating fish.  The Kiltlifter was fantastic, as I expected.  And the place is just fun to be at.  Lots of TVs to distract you, Tempe folks milling about, it was all good!  Can't wait to come again :D
4	A place with over 110 reviews and ZERO one or two star reviews has to be pretty great, right? Right. I've been to this place several times and have yet to have a bad experience. I love the environment- big patio and even the indoor area (to the right when you walk in) is open air yet in the walls of the brewery. My favorite beer= the hefMy favorite food= beer bread sandwiches Biggest negatives: how crowded this place often gets & their awkward location/poor parking availability. But, it's crowded because it's good, right?
4	I loved this place while I went to school at ASU.  It has a cool location amidst the slightly industrial and residential area.  Great beers and descent food. The atmosphere, like at most AZ bars, is really cool with a great outside seating area.  Servers are awesome. I can't remember ever having any trouble with food or orders.  Parking can be a little tricky on busy nights, but there is plenty of parking about a block away in the residential area.  Try the Pumpkin Ale beer during the fall season, it knocked my flip-flops off.
4	We all know four peaks is great. Whenever a friend of mine has their parents in tow visiting I always recommend this place for dinner, and I always am complimented on the recommendation. The only downside for me is a few of the items are a little pricey and since going to deluxe I don't think I can ever be satisfied by a burger here again.
5	Great Beer, good food, and a great atmosphere.  Everyone has already covered the greatness we call Four Peaks, so Ill keep it short.  I just wish they had one closer to me!
4	If I liked beer, Four Peaks would be getting five stars. (I will say they have a peach ale that is realllly tasty!!) I wish I were my dad right now (that's creepy, I know) because his cabinet shop is literally right next door and he frequents this joint at least once a week. He has probably tried every beer and item on the menu over the past few years. I have been to this Four Peaks probably four times now, and I have been really happy with everything I have eaten. The 5-Layer Nachos (sofaking gooooodddd!!), Spinach Dip, Pizza, Hummus and even the Veggie Burger. They pour a healthy vodka soda and the prices are reasonable. Service is a tiny bit slow, but it is Tempe.One of my favorite things about this location is that it is hidden from the world. If you didn't know it was there, you wouldn't know it was there (I swear that makes sense in MY head). I just wish they would allow you to bring dogs on the patio!If you ever get a spare moment, find Dallas G and ask him to tell you his story about Nachos. It's quite a tale told with so much fervor that you yourself might start believing in their power... And if all of this wasn't enough, it's right next door to Uranus Studios (owned and operated by Robin Wilson of the Goo Goo Dolls) so you may get to split bread with someone relatively famous in the 90's!
4	Nice! Will need to come back here to pass better judgment, but so far:- open late on a Monday- friendly staff (I've never heard of someone mixing beers to approximate something that you wanted that they ran out of, but they did)- cozy atmosphere in which to either zone out by your lonesome or chill with votre amis (I'm on business travel by my lonesome for three weeks, so I was the latter that third-parties would likely take pity on when I'm in reality running a GREAT buzz and fully entertaining myself)And no cons to report! Sad I don't know other people to go here with...who wants to go with me??
5	Best beer in Arizona: Hop Knot IPA. Their Raj IPA is great too, but Hop Knot is their gem. Do not buy into the hype over Kiltlifter, it is not all that. Their food here is great, some of the best pub food I have had. Fish N Chips are especially bomb. Be sure to try theri sweet jalapeno sauce with your fries...
3	As I'm not a "beer kind of girl" I can't attest to the brews here. The atmosphere at Four Peaks is your average busy brew pub with a bit of college-bar thrown in. We stopped in on a Friday night, and it was PACKED. I mean standingroomonlywalltowallpeoplepushingcraziness packed. The guys had a brew, which was deemed "okay" and we had iced teas which were good. I saw some of the food go by and it looked tasty. I would rather come back on a weeknight, when I can hear the people I came to visit, but I'd give it another go.
5	This gets all five stars on the hop knot alone. MMMM! All of the beers are delicious, maybe excluding that peach one just because it's sweet enough for a little kid to like it, which is a good sign that a drink is bordering on gross. OH DREAMY HOP KNOT! COME TO ME IN BARRELS, PLEASE! The food is pretty descent too. I've only had a few things on the menu and I'm about as picky as a vulture, but the fish and chips are always delicious. Also, when you smother the mushroom swiss burger in ranch, I could cry it's so tasty. I love the way good bar food places have super delicious ranch, where do you get that stuff in a store? Other friends have told me that I should venture out on the menu because it gets pretty good, but there's something about the atmosphere around there that just makes me want something as easy and quick as a burger or something fried. No thanks chipotle chicken salad pita wrapped thingy, you would feel toooo healthy and I wouldn't feel guilty about you after we finished. The service here has also always been fairly good, and we've always been able to get a table relatively quick when it's not past ten on thursday, friday, or saturday. It fills up quick around then so if you're looking for a sexy time with some sexy people, you might end up getting a sweaty time with some drunk people. That's not always a bad time though, if you're into that.
5	Gods, I loves me some Four Peaks!I've been there with huge crowds and small crowds, and the experience has always been fantastic. Sure it's busy. Sure it's loud. It's a craft-brew pub on CAMPUS! What do you expect?The pretzels are amazing. The burgers are gourmet. And the beer... oh, the beer. Whatever is seasonal, get it. Then go for the Hop Knot if you're a hophead like me.You'll enjoy.
5	Great beer, Good atmosphere, Non annoying music and great wait staff make this my favorite place to spend an evening.
4	So a bunch of scientist walk into Four Peaks Brewery... true story.While on a training course at the Arizona State Lab, we all decided to have a group dinner at this brewery in Tempe.  There were about twenty of us.  We weren't expecting to sit together, but they accomodated us quite nicely.With twenty of us.. they sure kept everything organized.. I was very impressed.Several of us ordered various ales and beers and brews.. I'm not a beer person.. so I didn't drink any.Someone did order the sampler and we all had a chance to try some and a lot of them were actually pretty good.. From what I remember.. I think I liked the pale ale and the peach ale the best.I would have ordered my own.. but they come in large glasses and I dont usually drink that much alcohol in one sitting.. so I passed..I ordered the fish and chips.. it came with beer-battered fried fish and french fries.  It was very good.  The portions were big so I was able to take some back to the suite and take it back to the lab for lunch the next day.It seemed like a college hang out.. it was very crowded but it was such a laid back place.. we all had fun.If ever I find myself in Tempe again.. I'm definitely stopping by there again..
5	OMG, try the Peach Beer ladies, you'll be ordering beer all night, for the TASTE for once!!!!  We were visiting from SoCal for Spring Training and the hotel clerk recommended this place.  It was just a 15 minute drive from our hotel.  The food was amazing, the beers are great.  The service was great.  We had to wait a little while for seating, but it was worth the wait.  Food came out almost immediately, but not over or under done.  They must know what they are doing in that kitchen!!!!!!  I will definitely eat here again when we are back for Spring Training next year!  GOOOOO DODGERS!!!!
4	I love the brew pub that really looks like brewing is going on.  Like they had a big warehouse set up to brew beer and then said 'Hey! We could add a bar and some tables and sell the beer right here! Its just crazy enough to work...'I choo-chooed it here on the light rail one Friday for happy hour and the experience was perfect (even with the guy who tried to pick up my girlfriend right in front of me.)  I wanted to see an obscure basketball game and it was already playing when I sat down - I didn't even have to ask. And their tastey drafts were $3.  This is my kind of place. If a good brew pub tickles your fancy, Four Peaks is a must stop.
3	Love vs. HateFour Peaks has great beer.  Not just great beer but locally brewed great beer.  Nestled at once was an off the beaten path locale on 8th street in Tempe, it now lies sandwiched between several local businesses and an avalanche of college student housing.  And here is where the problems begin.HATE:Parking is beyond nightmarish and this is where the torment begins.  The lot upon which 4 peaks is situated holds enough parking for roughly 20 cars.  Sure you can also park on what used to be part of the Santa Fe railroad, but even these coveted spaces fill up quickly.  The neighbors are not amused by the amount of traffic that the brewing eatery produces and as such you cannot park in any of the close by business lots even at off hours without your car disappearing via a towing service in a matter of minutes.  The over flow of students and 4 peaks rise in local lore means that you will very likely end up parking either around the corner or so far away that you have to walk several minutes before you can even glimpse the well lit patio exterior.The walk is brutal in the summer time and frustrating any other time of year, but many a times I had made this walk knowing that the ample interior and patio would always have a seat waiting for me.  But no longer.  Such is the crush and menagerie of the populace that now even on some week nights hostesses now hold sway over seating and my last attempt to simply stop in for a quick Pumpkin Porter were dashed by the half hour wait time and a bar full of people I wanted nothing to do with.  So how did my once beloved out of the way Tempe chill spots suddenly turn into a family dining establishments that draws from every age, creed and social base the valley has to offer?Simply put; 4 Peaks really is that good.LOVE:It is a beer lover's paradise with a massive selection of locally made suds offered up all year round.  From heavy stouts to warm and keep at bay the nights chill to light, easy to quaff ales to chase away the summer's heat 4 peaks has it all.  While there are certain styles that I personally shy away from, you can't go wrong no matter what you order.  Not sure what you fancy, then grab a sampler platter.  Not a beer person, then order up your favorite mixed drink.  One of the first things I did upon returning to this sun drenched paradise was swelter in the noon time heat sipping an apricot ale.  More recently I through on a hoodie and made a late evening dash for something with a little more moxie to it; the seasonal heavy weight of Pumpkin Porter.Pumpkin Porter might just be the greatest beer ever.  Ok, so that is totally not true but the fact that it is A) good B) Seasonal and thus only available this time of year and C) Popular because it is so good makes it a highly coveted drink.  So obsessed with this brewed beverage are I and my friends we are known to stalk the few local bars that buy 4 peaks beer by the keg and once the brewery is out we mercilessly descend upon these other locales like a pack of vampires and suck the taps dry.But alas, man cannot live on beer alone and 4 peaks offers up a wide and varying range of excellent food to go with the hand crafted brews.  Think pairing food only works with wine?  Not so and the folks at four peaks have been doing it for years upon years.  After all what good is ordering a semi-gourmet lunch if you don't have the proper pint to go with it?Pricing for the beer is decent and most of it can be ordered by the pitcher or even taken home in one of four peak's custom growlers (not so for the Pumpkin Porter).  Food is a bit pricey (this is after all a brewery) but worth the money.  No cover and proper attire is never required.  Be warned, as mentioned parking is horrendous and if you want to relax and enjoy yourself pick off days and weekend days for the best experience.
5	Four Peaks is one of my favorite places to go in AZ. The food is unbeatable as far as bar food is concerned if you ask me. Try the French Dip with a side salad. The best ever!
2	We went there for happy hour. I had a Peach Ale, which reminded me of some sad brews I encountered in Eastern Germany before the wall came down. It somehow tasted stale and musty. I had their Kilt Lifter and Hefeweizen at the Casey Moore's Oyster bar, and they tasted much better...so it is a mixed bag. The outdoor seating area is nice, but lacks a bar where one could communicate with other drunkards. Hence this place is more a bit for families, unless one wants to spend a perfect sunny afternoon at their cavernous and dark inside bar. Our waitress had quite an attitude and definitely felt to have a higher calling than waiting on tables. But the other waitresses seemed a more happy kind, so the other reviews are probably right and ours just was an exception. In summary, if you seek a nice happy hour experience go to Casey Moores!
4	I'll give this one a four for atmosphere and BEER... and Steve the manager. He rocks. The food- eh. I don't go for the food.So last 4th of July, we were having a keger. Hubski went to pick up the keg from Four Peaks (ice cold Kiltlifter) and there were some waitresses talking about the 4th and how they have no idea what it's about. Well hubski shows up and tells them all what's what. Now we've got a friend in Steve forever.Everytime we are there, he takes a break to chill with us. We got a tour of the facility. This is cool- the Kiltlifter is supposed to be a Scottish beer. Four Peaks actually has biologists balance the water to match the chemicals to Scottish water. The same with the Hefe- the water matches German water. This is all so that we can have the most delicious and authentic beer possible.Four Peaks is a laid back place, great beer, good people-watching. Bar food.
4	solid 4 star place.  don't hesitate to hit up the happy hour with some friends and take advantage of the $11 pitchers and a pile of excellent nachos.  the nachos are the type with melted cheese and not ballpark cheese sauce which i hate on nachos!  the crowd here is very relaxed and non-pretentiious.  it's a great spot for outdoor seating.  this was my first stop last night.  next stop was.....american junkie
5	Great beers, Great ambiance, Incredible food.  This is the standard other bars have to try to match up to.
5	Everyone knows this place rocks.  It has the best bar food you're likely to come across and some great beers that are so good you can even get them at the local liquor store.Something others have probably not mentioned -- They have the best tasting water.  My boyfriend was talking about tap water and how gross it is when he turned and said "do you know who has the best water?" I got pretty excited because I did in fact know the answer: Four Peaks.  So did he.  Then we high fived.I also appreciate the listed % alcohol content.  Sure I used it to order things like the IPA and get fucked up, but now I genuinely like IPA. Thanks Four Peaks!
4	Got invited here for HH and dinner.When the fish n chips special is walleye...well, you just can't say no!  The fish fry was awesome!  I haven't had walleye since my father died, and his birthday is coming up, so it was a great tribute.5 generous pieces of fish came with super-crispy fries, tartar sauce as well as cocktail sauce, a side of coleslaw and...malt vinegar with the condiments!  Four Peaks got it right.  Though the fish was a bit greasy on the outside, it was really tasty and fried perfectly.  There was not too much batter, so I could actually taste the fish.  Having the malt vinegar to douse the fries with gets major cool points.  Add a few dashes of salt and...mmmmyummy!The coleslaw was, eh, nothing major.  Really random crowd with many different types of people made me not cringe so much that I had been invited there.  I avoid the ASU crowd like the plague.  It was a bit loud to have a decent conversation, but it *was* Friday.Oh, and I got a parking spot right out front.  How can you beat THAT???????????
4	Great place to hang out or eat! The food is good and the beer is wonderful! The pretzels are to die for. They brew their own beer and do an incredible job. I am a bit of a beer snob and enjoy theirs immensely. The only downside to Four Peaks is that it is always busy. I mean crazy busy. However, the staff does a nice job of getting you into a table as quick as possible.
4	5 words....HAPPY HOUR ON A SATURDAY!!!Yes, every day actually! from 3-7pm and a late night happy hour too starting at 10pm!! How can that be true??? Well I guess in Arizona they know how to party! $11 pitchers and $3 pints, yes it could be a little cheaper, but hey it is a happy hour every day of the week! And their beer is really good! AND they will give you FREE samples of all of their beer too!!! This is like brewery heaven!!!To top it off, a group of people came here in Crank or Drank shirts on their first ever biking and drinking tours and this was on their tour for good reason! Their Hefe is awesome, complete with lemon wedges of course, and their Sunbru was so so refreshing on that hot day in AZ! Adriana and I definitely had our fair share of pitchers, along with an order of their beer battered fries and their specialty ice cream cake! Well, that was actually roopas, and just an FYI, oreo crumb crust and Hefe don't really mix......so save the cake for when you are done drinking ha haBut the waiters here (the ones that don't look like they are 15!!!!!) are helpful and friendly and nice, and you will definitely get carded here, even though literally I actually felt old here since all the girls look so young! Some of them must have had workers permits I swear!That aside, as long as they can bring me good beer on happy hour prices, I am sold.
4	took some friends there straight from the airport cold beer great outside seating  great food and service
5	they has nice water. i've only been here a couple times, but every time has been enjoyable.but last night i just drank water and tried to hydrate up. my most common experiance with Four Peaks is drinking their Hefe at the Roosevelt. I guess if i lived near Tempe, i could be convinced to drink here more often.
4	"The water here is amazing" ahaha.. I came here a few weeks ago and one  of the guys that we were with was going on how the water here is so great and its the same water they use in the beer.  So any time we asked our sever for water we would say, we have heard good things about it.Anyway this place is legit. We got a table out side and chilled drinking beer and enjoying the scenery. The Hop Knot was on point and the other beers were great as well. The food was tasty but nothing spectacular. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that wants to escape the major chain restaurants in the area. (Yeah I know Four Peaks has two locations but it doesn't have that over processed feel like Chilies or Gordon Biersch
4	Location = Convenient. The brewery is literally a hop, skip and a jump from Sky Harbor Airport (well, when you are not in rush hour). Atmosphere = Trendy College Kids with a sprinkling of Trendy Grown Ups. By 6PM, this joint was hopping and people were spilling out of the patio onto the sidewalk. Beers = Tasty. I am not particularly fond of beers, but the Arizona Peach was a winner. I then graduated to the Kilt Lifter and that's where my memory goes fuzzy, but I hear that I had a great time. Parking = Nonexistent and the only downer to an otherwise great time with good friends.
4	Tempe location is by far better than Scottsdale as far as atmosphere goes - seeing the beer equipment just sets the right mood for drinking what you know is in fact a fresh beer.Food choices vary from traditional pub fare to a few fusion type items, and is all average to above average.  Service is hit and miss for me, and the Tempe location can get very busy during peak hours so I'd recommend a daytime visit, preferably on a weekday.
4	My friend took me here the other night - shocked I hadn't visited since moving to Phoenix last year. I'm a big fan of their Kiltlifter brew and wasn't disappointed to try it straight from the brewery.  Nice atmosphere with the interesting and eclectic mix of people Tempe seems apt to provide.  Perfect place to chill and tell some ridiculous stories with your friends.Plus, all the waitresses are pretty cute :)
1	Dear Bouncers at Four Peaks,So many people "judge a book by its cover"--and for good reason--the "cover" is the first impression that one gets of a business. At Four Peaks, you make for a terrible "cover" and I will not return until your attitude improves. Get off your high peaks. Until then, I'm off to buy a 40 of Bud Light at Circle K.Kind regards,Former Customer
4	My favorite outside dining spot during the hot summer nights.The service is always quick.People watching is premium.Love the rustic, off the beaten path vibe.Everything I've had to eat is tasty, fresh and hearty. Really like the Spinach Salad with blackened chicken.You always leave completely satisfied.
5	Big ass hamburger + cream cheese + jalapenos + fried onion strings = was like oral sex for fatties.. and I enjoyed every provocative second of it. Their Kilt Lifter was a brilliant, boozy concoction that sits on the tongue, dark and heavy like a dirty secret. My gal had the Raj IPA and it had the kind of curious sparkle to turn my eh-ness regarding IPAs to hell-yeahness. I absolutely regret coming here. All my local breweries are utterly inferior compared to this surprising find.
5	Four Peaks serves up some great beers and great eats.  This is no secret so no matter which day out of the year or which hour and minute out of the day you go you will see a full patio, and a populated bar.  Plan accordingly.  Try their Italian beer bread, the Carne Adovada, or the Southwest burger and wash it down with a pint of Hop Knot or Kilt Lifter.  You will be happy you did.  All of Four Peaks' menu items are appropriately priced and you will always leave satisfied.
5	A bit hidden, but worth the find!!! The food is pretty good, but I especially recommend "Kilt Lifter" for the beer lover. No really. Warning: Even though it's hidden, this place is very popular with the locals, which makes parking and seating difficult some nights.
4	Probably like many recent college graduates who enjoys the drink, one of my life goals it to eventually open up a microbrewery. I tend to shy away from the idea of a brewpub since I believe that an establishment should place focus on either its beer or the food. Places that do both tend to have mediocre beer and food or excellent beer but bad food. Four Peaks somehow passes the test on both their food and the beer.First off, parking sucks and the place gets busy. I went on a Wednesday evening and it was packed. But with Happy Hour, what do you expect? Three dollar pints allowed me to try a bunch of their beers. My favorites included Kilt Lifter, Hop Knot IPA and the Raj IPA. They even held a delicious cask ale, style of holding beer that (thankfully) seems to be making its way into breweries and bars. The food included fairly typical brewpub fare. Burgers, wings, sandwiches etc. All of our items were of fairly decent quality. Or perhaps I was a bit too drunk to really notice the awful nature of the food. But fuck it, that beer was good. Hands down the best brews I've had at a brewpub.
5	Regular in the work rotation for lunch. Parking can be rough if it's during busy hours but there is plenty of street parking around and behind the brewery. Each time I visit, I always get the Four Peaks Cheeseburger and beer battered fries. Their fries are some of the best that i've ever had. Sadly, I don't drink but when i introduced some friends and beer aficionados for lunch on a visit, they were hooked to the beer and the food.Warning: If you sit inside in the back, it can smell a little weird due to the beer vats. You get used to it after awhile. Also, no air conditioning in the hot summer months.
4	Love their Heffe weizen!! and they have other kinds of beers that taste good. Their appetizers and sandwiches are well served. It get's crowded in their happy hours so make sure to have patience to find a spot to park.
4	A+++ for the patio that you can sit on during the hot ass summers.  The food was pretty good (I had a burger with fries) but I don't recommend the ice cream cake for dessert.  Next time, I'll skip the cake and order another beer.  Had the Kilt Lifter and it was great.  The Heffenweizen seems pretty popular also because lots of people around me were ordering it.Happy Hour pints are $3 and pitchers are $11.
4	I love this place. Yes, it is always busy and no, it is not easy to find parking, but I don't care. I don't come here to have a quiet evening, and I don't come here to be astounded by ambiance and lavishly decorated plates. I don't even drink--I come here for the food!Everything I've tried here, I've liked. Everyone will tell you how great the beer fries are (and they really are!) but I have trouble deciding between the fries and the awesome pasta salad.  This isn't some crap pasta salad you eat at a picnic, this is good food.  The wide selection of beers is just the icing on the cake on top of a solid restaurant.Service is always friendly, no matter how busy and loud it gets, and they're always there to get you another drink.
5	Ahhh, Four Peaks.  By far my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  This place is fantastic as far as brew pubs go - great beer and great food to go with it.  I can't believe I haven't taken the time to review it yet...The Beer: pretty consistently awesome.  All the beers are at least "good," my favorites being 8th Street Ale and their IPAs (Hop Knot and Raj).  I have to say the Kiltlifter is a tad overrated, but still pretty solid, and worth a try.  I've been meaning to try one of their cask conditioned ales, but they always seem to be out, probably indicative of the quality of those selections.The Food: fantastic!  I can't say that I've ever had a bad meal at Four Peaks.  The Italian Beef Beer Bread is the best thing on the menu, but you can't go wrong with the Chicken Fingers, Chicken Salad Pita, or really any of their sandwiches.  The fries are also great here - there's a little crispy coating on the outside that is quite tasty.  Oh, and the Spicy Thai Hummus is also a really good appetizer.  A little more liquidy than your average hummus, but really good.  It has a nice little kick to it that will have you reaching for your beer.Bottom line, if you live in Phoenix, like beer, and enjoy eating a good meal, then you should be shot if you don't like Four Peaks.  If you haven't been yet, do yourself a favor and try it.  You'll come away happy, I promise.
3	Just came back from Four Peaks. Couple of caveats - my husband's the beer drinker, not me and he didn't try the sampler as he ordered without me. Although in his defence, he didn't know they had one - I took him there as a surprise with no pre-information ... I got a surprise myself though when I found it was only on-street parking. Not a big deal but would've been nice to know from the web site. Also would have been even nicer to know that the AC (if it was running) appeared to be non-existent - it was pretty dang hot in there. I don't know how the servers dealt with it, although the short shorts and tight tops were probably a good attempt. I've never been to Hooters but I imagine the work "uniform" is similar. When we sat down, it was mostly dark except for the lights of the tvs with their strobe effects. It made the menu a bit challenging. The building itself seems pretty cool, but coupled with the flashes led to an interesting comment from MH - namely that with a little tweaking, it would make a great haunted house. Oh, pretty noisy too - don't expect to have any real conversations in there, but anyway it's probably not the best place for one anyway. The atmosphere is very lively if that's what you're looking for,Now to the food - good and reasonably priced. The hamburgers we had were HUGE, definitely knife and fork items. I loved the pasta salad , so much so I ordered a side order to take home. Although I probably didn't need to, so much came with the hamburger. Overall we each finished about half a plate. Saved the rest for next time (and probably the time after that ...) because it was a LOT of food. One comment about the wait staff - I know it's hot and they work very hard - but our server seemed to disappear for long periods of time. It was another guy who actually brought all the food and he was fast! I wish there was a way to transfer the menu to Rock Bottom, which I really like otherwise. Overall Four Peaks was ok, and maybe we'll go here again when it's cooler - a lot cooler! Enough said.
5	I love Four Peaks! I don't drink alcohol, which is one of the better reasons to go there.They have one of the best appetizers EVER:*Arizona Chicken Rolls*
4	just got back from Four Peaks, i had a good amout of Patron, so dont judge if i dont spell things correctly..... ANYWAYS, it was good, beer, fabulous, atmosphere great, service????? aahh, once our server finally noticed us, she was great, but when i sit for 5 minutes without anyone looking at us, i get a little annoyed...over all i will go back, and you should try this spot too!!!!!
5	Wonderful patio section, fantastic food and service you can't ask for better....except parking. The parking situation there kinda stinks but its okay its worth it!
4	Bah!  It was wicked hot in here mid afternoon!  If there was AC I couldn't find it.I do like the place - kind of cool that it is right in the brewery.Parking is an issue.  Street only so you may end up walking a bit.I was glad to try Four Peaks as I have been enjoying the Kiltlifter Scottish Ale since I arrived in the valley.  One of my favorite microbrews these days.I read in another review that they have good food and generous portions so I will be back to try the food...when the weather cools off!
2	It was nothing special. Slow service by tiny ladies. The potatoes we had with brunch were not so good, and the menu selections were skim and did not show much originality. However, my girlfriend LOVED the smoked bacon!
5	I'm not a beer drinker but the food keeps me coming back. If you order any type of sandwich, make sure you ask for it on beer bread or you're seriously missing out! My favourite is to get the roast beef with au jus on beer bread with a side of beer fries - add cheese on top for more extra tasty calories. My dad loves the beer too so if that's your thing, you won't be disappointed. The atmosphere is also awesome - the porch is kept cool with shade and misters all year 'roud and the inside is dark but open with super high ceilings and large windows. You can see back into the brewing area and there's a million TVs with various games and news on if your conversations ever lull. The wait staff is always nice and prompt with service, too. It's just a great and highly recommended place for natives and tourists alike. They even have breakfast!
5	I have to say I have been to Four Peaks probably at least 15 times in the past 10 months I've lived in Phoenix. That's pretty bad. But also shows how awesome Four Peaks is. First off, the beer is fantastic. I love several of their brews, specifically the Peach Ale and Hop Knot. If there's a seasonal out at the time, try it. Even if it's not your style, you will appreciate how well crafted it is. The food is never bad. Never. I've had pizza, beer bread, burgers, appetizers, and wings and they have never let me down. It's probably some of the best pub food I've ever had. The fries are to die for. If you want a great appetizer for a group, go for the spinach dip. I swear the dish it comes in never goes empty and I'm not really joking. I once ordered one as my dinner, quickly became full and offered some to about 12 friends and we only were able to finish half. The place is insanely huge too. Lots of different areas to sit depending on your mood and all of them are great spots. I prefer the little covered patio area off to the side the best. It's true the Four Peaks is always busy, but I've never waited more than 5-10 minutes to be seated, even with a group of 7. Their service has never suffered with a crowded house.
2	They get four stars for the food, but lose two stars for the service. I got the vibe from the entire front house staff that we were inconveniencing them with our patronage. Well, I won't make that mistake again!Our server couldn't be bothered to smile or even make eye contact, let alone visit our table in any semblance of a timely fashion. We had to flag her down to place our order, after waiting fifteen minutes with the menus closed. She never visited our table to see if we might need more water or another drink. If it was only the server I would guess she was just having a bad day, but the front desk was also rude. There was a bouncer at the front who just stood there with his hand out and didn't say a word, I had to watch others to figure out I had to show him my ID. What's wrong, meathead, is the phrase, "hello sir may I see your ID" above your vocabulary level???I had the eighth street ale with my meal, which was okay, but not worth any of the other rave reviews I've read here. For an ale, it was very simplistic and safe, basically tasted like any consistent ale you would get from a large mega-brewery such as Sam Adams. The best thing about the place is the music, which better be good because there is no way you are going to have a conversation in there without shouting your lungs out. Too bad that there is not much else to do while waiting, waiting, and waiting for someone to take your order, get around to bringing it to you, and eventually think about the concept of a check.
5	There are a few bar/restaurants in Tempe that are busy for a good reason.  This place is one of them.  Neighborhoody in its way, Four Peaks sits as the best place to take a visiting friend of any stature and taste.Now, this place is pretty much always busy, so if you're not looking for a crowd, go elsewhere.  The crowd at Four Peaks is generally nice and attractive, everyone drinking good beer and eating good food.  The restaurant/pub is located in a beautiful brick building, hidden among the half residential, half industrial 8th street drag.  Very well designed place with giant brass kettles and wood adornments and tables abounding around the large, open seating areas.The food is a notch above bar food.  Everything I've had I've enjoyed pretty much.  I recommend chicken strips (handmade!), italian beef beer bread, pizza and burgers all from personal experience.  The stout tiramisu dessert is great for beer lovers, though a little bitter for a dessert for some.The beers are great.  Hands down the best micro-brewery in Tempe (I think there are only two though ;)  The stouts are rich and delicious, I'm a big fan.  I'm also a fan of the HopKnot, which is peachy and hoppy (as the name states).  For kicks, take the risk and try their seasonal beer, whatever it is, guaranteed a good experience.Good place to go with a large group, a place to show a date you're in the know and also probably the tastiest place to rub elbows with the smarter side of ASU.
3	Most probably know this place for their brew, but for me Four Peaks means delicious bar food for my late night dinner needs.  With Tempe's abundance of late night dining establishments, the competition is pretty fierce!  Four Peaks gets high marks with me for it's variety of bar fare but most of all for it's delicious Fish & Chips and Blue Cheese Burger.  There fries are fab!  The patio is nice too, when the AZ weather permits it is hard to find a table out there!  I struggle not to give them four stars for these items but I have to consider the ambiance and the brew also.  For me the ambiance would be cool because I love the vintage industrial feel of the old railroad location, but then there is the standard ASU crowd, bright lighting and the standard KUPD or KDKB type music that is a buzz kill for me.  The brew offerings are award-winning according to their menu but to me the flavors are mediocre, the options are somewhat limited and they don't seem to add many new options often enough.  All of these things are matters of personal taste and do not reflect the quality of their food by any means, that being said, Four Peaks is a great place to start your night or finish it, especially if you like the college bar scene!  If you are looking for a unique dive with an unusual crowd then this place may seem a little bland, but the fish & chips will not disappoint!
4	When I asked the vendor to pick somewhere "local" for dinner, he suggested Four Peaks as a fun college place.  Sure enough, this is the kind of place college kids would love - lots of beer and huge portions of classic bar food.While we were waiting for some others, the server suggested the nachos for the table.  The nachos came piled high on a double plate, with heaps of chicken and cheese, with beans and such on the side.  The flavor was actually pretty good for bar food.  After all that, I wasn't terribly hungry, but I decided to try the shrimp ceviche tostadas, just to have something more nutritious than chips and cheese.  Again, the portion was huge, and the flavor was decent, but the texture was just soft enough to make me wonder if the shrimp was sufficiently pickled.But enough about the food, this place is a brewery.  I had the peach ale first, and it was good, but waaaay fruity.  I know, I'm the one who ordered a fruity beer, but most of the others I've had just hint of fruit.  This one tasted like peach syrup had been added.  I followed that with the Kilt Lifter.  That was a good beer - plenty of flavor without any bitterness in the aftertaste.  I also got a taste of the special Kilt Lifter that was aged in a bourbon cask, and that was some darn good beer.I'd definitely go back when back in Phoenix, though maybe just for the beer, not the food.  After all, the bar area was picking up as the "older" patrons were headed home to bed.
5	I'm a new member to Yelp as of today, Woo Hoo! So why not pop my Yelp cherry with a review of the Four Peaks Brewing Company? I have been a fan of Four Peaks for several years. Upon arrival the hostess staff is always friendly and efficient. On a typical evening, waiting for only a few minutes is expected, the place has a laidback atmosphere, misters in Summer and heaters in winter, ensure a proper climate controlled ambiance. Outside or inside, everywhere is comfortable.The food is great, with daily specials for entrees and soups, their menu is constantly pleasing and full. A wide array of mouth watering appetizers, entrees, and deserts, this place hits the spot almost everytime.That's not even scratching the surface when you start with their incredible selection of home draft brews, for the faint of stomach, to the bold hopp"ie", it only gets better when every half quarter they introduce a new seasonal, like the Pumpkin Porter. You have to act fast to experience these specialties, for they never last as long as you hope.This place is great, with positive management, sharp staff, and intelligent ownership, I look forward to visiting this place for years to come.
5	Four Peaks has been the setting for a good amount of cheery drunken debauchery.My brother's patronize this spot so frequently you could swear the Prohibition was coming again.Awesome beer is served at a bar setup that is conducive to good flow and meeting new people.I'm a big fan of the Peach Ale- it's the girliest of the beers. 8th Street Ale is also good. As is the Sunbru.For lunch, try one of the beer breads. The bread itself is awesome... similar to a flatbread or pita. Great texture, great flavor. Trust me, it'll fill you up for $9.Meet somebody at Four Peaks and grab a beer. You'll be so glad that you did.
5	Does it get any better? This has been an ASU/AZ institution since it's inception. Great for a quick dine and and/or liquid lunch, or the quick drive by to pick up a growler of kilt lifter. Definitely a conversation starter if you walk around the party with a growler of high gravity brew. I highly recommend taking the tour and checking out the brewing process, it's interesting to know that they strip down the water and add salt, etc, to the mix to get just the right tasting water; a crucial ingredient. They can simulate the water found in all the great beer-making locales around the world, from Dublin and back. This brew will make you homesick should you ever leave; ask my bro....
5	By far one of my fave brewery's/bars in the valley. I look forward to the fall season bc that's when I know they will have their seasonal beer, Pumpkin Porter on tap soon. Absolutely amazing and one beer I actually  grew a craving for. My typical beer other wise is their house Hefeweizen with their order of salted pretzels with spicy mustard, which is FANTASTIC..If you're looking for a sweet but dry dark beer try the Oatmeal Stout, it's amazing as well. Alright I'm drooling thinking about this place, and no I'm no alcoholic just a beer connoisseur.
5	the most delicious peach ale ever created, and it's $3 after 10 pm! that's all you need to know.
1	Where should we start....hmm...should it be that it took forever for  the waitress to acknowledge our sheer existence (we actually had to ask another near by flirting waitress to help us FIND someone). Or should it be that once we actually ordered our appetizers, it took--not to be redundant--FOREVER also. Or should it be the overall quality of the food: everything tasted like soggy, salty fat (We mean, how are you going to F up spinach dip)! We understand the fact that it is bar food but if it is going to taste like that and be way over-priced for it's bar food quality do not waste your time unless you are already inebriated So lets review....1. Horrible service2. Takes a long time for food to come (It's BAR FOOD, COME ON)3. Over-priced salty food (Pete's Fish n Chips same quality; way cheaper)3. Only go if your wasted because then you will not care about the quality of food (or how much you paid for it),  remember the horrible service, or the fact that there is a gang of blubbering drunk idiots, lowering expectations with future regrets.
5	The owner was awesome enough to open the bar up early for all us footballer fans who wanted to see Man U take down Arsenal.  I got there a little later, but the bartenders were happy to be serving drinks, and everybody was pretty wasted.  I just had a selection of their beers.  Doing the Hef, Peach Ale (I blame my guy friend for ordering it first), and the Summer.  All were awesome and the bartenders knew to keep pouring us water as the day went on.I didn't get any food, but everyone who did got it promptly and loved it.  They definitely don't skimp on the food.I am coming back for all of the morning Man U games.  Arsenal sucks!
5	Ambiance: I enjoy sitting on the patio in the evening here. With all the hard surfaces inside and the tvs it can get pretty loud inside, but it is much quieter inside. It is interesting to see all the beer brewing equipment, sort of like a little field trip :)Parking: Now this is the one drawback! Parking is at a premium! Be prepared to walk a little way.Staff: I have always had good experiences. Most of the staff have been college students and while maybe not the most experienced they are friendly and helpful.Food: The food has always been good and good portions for the price.Beer: Now this is what we all REALLY go there for! They have their regular brews and seasonal brews. My favorite by far, is KILTLIFTER!! Man, it is good!! So, go...what are you waiting for?? Great spot for after the ASU game or what have you.
4	Great food up and down the menu with arguably the best French Fries in town!
2	After reading several reviews, I should have known better, but I went anyway.  My bad.   Like other reviewers the dolt of a bouncer sitting on a chair guarding the joint like it's the hottest club in the world should have been my first clue.  It's a flippin micro-brewery in a dilapidated old warehouse with no A/C - give me a break.  Luckily for us we passed the sniff test and he allowed us in!Group of 9, waited a short while for a table.  They sat us at a long narrow table on the patio sort of like an alley way (not the front patio).  The table was positioned right in the crosshairs of two gigantic fans - it looked like we were standing in a hurricane - no way anyone can enjoy a meal getting blown around like that.  When I first asked the waitress to move us or turn the fans down she looked at me like I was nuts - pardon me, I'm only the customer getting my friggin' hair blown off my head by two dirty industrial fans!!!  My nieces were laughing because it was such a ridiculous situation.  I should have walked out right then...I knew better.The manager and waitress turned the fans (much to the disappointment of surrounding diners on this hot, sticky evening).It's loud, not air conditioned.  Pizza was supposed to take 'extra time' to prepare and ended up coming out 10 minutes before the rest of the food!  Nearly everyone in our group complained of way too much garlic in their food - must have been unofficial garlic-fest in the kitchen that night.  Even the balsamic vinegarette was loaded with garlic!  I like garlic, but this was bad.  My son ordered a pizza with meatballs and they deliver this ridiculous looking pizza with 6 whole meatballs sitting on top of it!!!  What the F is that all about?Server was nice, I thanked her and the manager for helping with the fan situation.  Food was fair at best.  Sunbru beer tasted like a Bud Light - nothing special.Our first and last time there.  It may be ok for the college crowd to hang out have beers and eat some bar food but I'm not going back....too many other more comfortable places around with better food, TVs for watching sports and A/C!
4	Ok, it's a college bar - and I believe a damn good one.  The beers are as described - good, and as with all brew pubs, fresh.  Great variety and the bar keeps and wait staff were knowledgeable.  It was 104 degrees the day I visited and outside with the misters was perfect.  Inside also was comfortable but you should know there is no AC.  Don't let that stop you.The crowd is eclectic - college kids, professors, bikers, yuppies, and everyone seemed comfortable. As for the "bouncers", it's a college bar and you can't let 18-21 year old "bouncers" ruin a great bar.  I simply walked past them.  As the owner explained they are there more to keep kids from carrying drinks out than to prevent anyone from coming in.  I was road wore and it showed and they made me feel more than welcome.Food - it's a notch above bar food and the servings are large.  The hummus was fantastic - spicy and just slightly chilled.I will be a regular on my numerous visits to Phoenix.
5	Now I live a few steps away from it, so the experience gets even better!. A good option for any day of the week. Their beers are tasty and well done, good food and a good location. I like the environment that you get once inside and it is the perfect place to go in groups.
4	Just returned from lunch here and am quite satisfied. The food is good, but not overwhelmingly so. It's on the upper end of what you'd expect bar food to be. I had the mushroom swiss burger. It may not have blown me away, but it was definitely delicious. I recommend it.The service at the bar was great, very attentive and the atmosphere is great. Laid back. Come in, have a drink, a bite to eat and just relax for a few.The big draw to Four Peaks is they're home brews. I'd say they are a brewery fist and a bar second and I wouldn't want it any other way.Try the Oatmeal Stout. Thanks to Austin for recommending it.
4	I have come more and more to appreciate some of there beers that I use to not be a fan of.  I tend to like some of there seasonal's more then there regulars. I'm a big fan of there oatmeal stout and there bourbon barreled porter and pumpkin porter.   I spent most of my college career randomly showing up here for family dinners, reverse happy hours, 21st Birthdays and everything else in between.  There happy hour is pretty good with discounts on pints and pitchers, but I really wish they would add food to it.  There food is good, I have yet to find something I didn't like on the menu.  Overall, great place for dinner or even to hang out on the patio and have a few beers after a long day.
4	Great food, great beer, great tvs, great atmosphere.I would have given it five stars... but I think I'm a service snob.On a moderately busy evening (Saturday, 3PM-ish, about four hours before an ASU football game), when they were heavily staffed - I think it was just our waitress. Lots of sitting and waiting and having dirty plate in front of us and empty beer glasses... however, due to the food/beer/atmosphere combo, I will be coming back... you can't get it right ever ytime, right?
4	If you are reading this, you have probably already been, or are considering going to Four Peaks.  Go or go back.Food is always tasty..  Fresh beers..  Service can be a bit spotty when they are packed, but that's not uncommon..Fun spot to chill and even watch a ball game..
5	This was one of the first places I was a huge fan of. Even before I was of age I would try to sneak my way in! There's good reason for all the hype around this place. The food here is AMAZING! I've had numerous different dishes here and they've all come out deliciously cooked to perfection. My favorite appetizer here is the hummus, which comes with warm and moist pita bread which compliments the smooth yet spicy hummus excellently. When it comes to the entree it's hard to stray from the grilled salmon BLT, which comes on a grain-covered soft wheat bread that melts in your mouth. The prices are great for how spectacular the food is, although expect to cough up a solid twenty per person for an appetizer, entree, and beers. And speaking of beer... There's no problem savoring each flavoring. Yeah, if you know me you probably can't imagine me saying that, but damn they're good. I like the Raj IPA because it's so high in alcohol, and after two or three I'm on my ass (DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE!! TEMPE PD WILL HAVE YOU ON YOUR ASS FASTER). The service has always been good. I've even become friends with some of the wait staff here, chatting it up outside the bar, because they're such good people. Always perfectly on time with the food and drinks, there's no way I can imagine anyone being disappointed. As far as atmosphere, it's what any bar/restaurant owner would dream of. Right in the heart of Tempe, but tucked away as to not get annoying with ASU pride, there are hundreds of different entertainment venues close by  that would be good for a date or just a night out with friends. They also have the best patio seating in all of phoenix (that I've seen). This staple of Phoenix is one that MUST be experienced...
5	They have beer, it's exceptionally good beer, and they brew it on the premise so they're not going to run out.  It's an even better bar to go hang out at during the ASU off-season.Oh, and bejesus, their Arizona Chicken Rolls are phenomenal!  Wish they'd give a little more for what they charge for them but that's not going to stop me from ordering them.  These are deliciously spicy and no idea what that white sauce is I dip them in but it's good (insert that's what she said here)
4	Four Peaks is and was one of my favorite breweries, anywhere. The beer here is so freakin' good. (It's been my experience that it is not served super cold though.) And the food is delicious. I've spent many a'happy night here with good friends. I even had brunch here once on a Sunday, and it was fantastic.I'm a huge supported of reusing old buildings for new things. Tempe doesn't have many old buildings left, and nothing better could have gone in this location.My only complaint is that things have changed over the years. The last time I went, the ID checker-guy almost sneered at me, like I wasn't cool enough to be there. I felt like I was being judged before I even walked in, and that's not cool. I just wanted a beer! You used to be able to sit down at an open table and now you can't. The place has lost some of the charm that I fell in love with as an ASU student. But I still appreciate this place and rave about the beer they brew. If you've never been, you must go.
4	I have been to Four Peaks a few times and last night was for a birthday get together.  It was packed.  We claimed some chairs around the bar and ordered a few pitchers.  WHAT ABOUT THE BEER?  So here is what you want to know.  I started out with the Kiltlifter.  It was excellent, then made my way to drink  IPA.  Great too.  You can order a sampler tray of all the beers that they brew on site.  It is a fun way to find your favorite.Last night I ordered the Salmon BLT.  It was delicious.  The sauce made it extra special.  I will order that again when I go back.  The fries that came with it were golden and crispy.  Starch heaven.I have been to Four Peaks for Sunday brunch.  They had a brunch special that everyone at the table ordered.  I ordered off the menu.Four Peaks is a busy place.  I don't know how the waitresses keep the orders straight with all the guests shifting tables.  Kudos to the staff at Four Peaks.  Last night we were taken care of.  Another fun event at Four Peaks Brewing Company.
4	This place is great.  When I was student teaching at Tempe High School, all the teachers and I would meet here on Fridays (and sometimes Thursdays) for happy hour.  The beer is great, the specials are great and the service was regularly pretty solid.  Plus parking isn't too bad either.Highly recommended.
2	So disappointed to have to write this!  Our large group of 12 came at around 4:00pm and were able to get 2 tables together pretty quickly, which was great.  Then our waitress was quick to get us started on drinks, again, that was great.  Then, a waiter came to our table and said he was taking over for our waitress and all the guys were so disappointed.  When I asked what the big deal was, one guy said men don't take care of people like women.  I thought okay, maybe he has a point.Well, he definitely did have a point.  The waiter was HORRIBLE.  Not attentive, we sat with empty glasses for at least 10 minutes before he noticed, and several times we had to flag him down for more drinks and napkins and our check.  It was a bummer because the space is great, the beer is great, and the food is great.....but the service ruined our whole experience.
4	Had a business lunch here today, so no beer! I had a "Turkey Dip" daily special, which was an interesting take on the classic French dip. I had them leave off the onions and mushrooms, so it was great thick-cut turkey slices with Swiss cheese melted in a nice crusty roll. Good au jus on the side. The side was a salad with a tasty house maid balsamic dressing. This is a great spot for dinner or lunch and is renown for their in-house brewery. The Kilt Lifter is a go-to beer, while they have awesome seasonal brews, as well. Four Peaks is in an historic location in Tempe. If you haven't been, at least try it.
5	I visited this location on the 19th with my dad when I was out here on vacation from Chicago. He lives near Phoenix and has been to this location and the one in Scottsdale many times and he suggested we go here. Like many of the other reviewers, I STRONGLY recommend the Raj IPA, if hoppy beers are your thing. And though I didn't have it while dining here, we picked up a 6-pack of their Kiltlifter at a grocery store in Avondale the night before and was also highly impressed.As for the food, both the sweet jalapeno chicken sandwich + beer-battered fries I got here and the grilled chicken beer bread (a wrap) at the Scottsdale location were honestly about as tasty of chicken sandwiches as I've ever had. And they DO NOT skimp on portion size. I would have tried more beer but I literally could not fit anything else in my stomach. And the service was very fast and very friendly as well.My bottom line is this: if Four Peaks is still in business the next time I'm out in the Phoenix area, coming back here will be a must.
5	This is one of my favourite spots in Tempe. The staff is friendly and the food is excellent. I highly recommend the Thai Hummus as I have never been disappointed. If you go with the giant plate of nachos I was recently turned on to the fact that they are best with the blackened chicken on top. The bar is the best place to sit as all of their food is available at the bar and their bartenders are top notch. I often sit out on the patio as well and it is my experience that the waitstaff is not as knowledgeable as the bartenders and I have had disappointing service from them a few times as well. I go to the 8th Street Ale as my beer of choice but the RAJ IPA is also excellent and I recommend trying it if you see it on cask!
5	Ode to the Pumpkin Porter:How I love thee, full of spice and warmth.Waited so long for you to come, don't disappear too soon...I may bottle you and keep you for more than a month.Will you still excite me and keep me singing the same tune?Pumpkin Porter is here today,the porter may go awaybut it... is.... here... TODAY!
4	Four Peaks is clearly well covered territory. Two quick things:- Run, do not walk, and get yourself some pumpkin porter. I rarely go to Four Peaks anymore but I went twice last week it was so good. When it goes away I am going to cry. - Stay away from the Kiltlifter. It's good, but I can have just one and every single time I wake up with the most wicked hangover. I know several other people that say the same thing.
4	I came here a few days ago with my team from work. Since it was considered a work sponsored lunch we did not partake in the main attaction - home brewed beer - but we did enjoy Four Peaks fabulous menu! I had the French Dip and their beer battered fries. The meat was a little tough but the au jus added GREAT flavor and the bread had the best texture. Hmmm...for dessert we all split the ice cream cake. WOW was that cake good, and BIG! Definitely worth the $5 it cost.
3	If I was giving stars based on the food and the beer, it would be 5 stars. The food is never disappointing, and they have the best fries I have ever had! The beer is good, I prefer the Apricot Beer, so don't really ask me on anything else. Oh and you can watch sports there....hmmm maybe I should give them 4 stars....Okay minus one star for the parking situation! I mean really, how many cars probably get dented because they tried to park in the back dirt lot? I know that this place has no control over the parking, but it sucks!Minus one star for no AC...I had to say it! It is ARIZONA, more specifically PHOENIX (well just outside) which means AC is necessary! Because there is no AC I only go during certain times of the year, and I like my places year round, with no sweating involved, thank you very much!But if you can move beyond the no AC and crappy parking, you should eat/drink here! I have yet to be disappointed by the food/beer!
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food8 *Drinks*8 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueThe menu has hits (the fries & burgers!), but it also has misses (the thai hummus & salads).  The most under-appreciated beer here is their Hef and its clovey goodness....
4	Big fan of this place, every time I go to visit my friends in Phx this is the first stop after the airport. They have a fantastic beer selection here and even have a selections of casks every time I have been there. They have great food from what I have tried and the spicy thai wings were really good here, I like to think of myself as a wing aficionado and these are great with many flavors to choose from. The wait staff is very friendly and definitely targeted towards a male demographic. There I said here without being offensive, I hope :)
4	Okay 1st thing to do when going to Four peaks Brewery is to get good and baked a few blocks before getting to the place, i mean get totally chiefed out. The parking is ridiculous, I've been there 20 times and have never parked out front, your best bet is to park behind the building in the alley near the old rail road tracks. It looks like a madhouse of loud bitchy A.S.U. girls, and idiot jock dudes everywhere but you get seated pretty quick. Since I will review vegetarian friendly establishments only, i would have to say the vege. burger is the best in town, the fries also seriously rule & you get all your shit served up fast. Wash it all down with a Peach Sunbru.
4	I definitely recommend Four Peaks for any beer lover who visits the valley, in my opinion our best brewery in Phoenix. Although it has become more of a restaurant than brewpub when they removed the pool table/relaxing area and made more seating; it's still a great place to sit and talk, catch up with old(or make new) friends, or watch the game. The Raj IPA is my personal favorite but Kiltlifer and HopKnot are other local favorites. First time there? Get their sampler and decide for yourself, their seasonals are also excellent! Happy hour (regular and reverse) are definitely the time to go for $ deals, but be warned this is a popular hangout for regulars. Four Peaks food was a lot better a couple of years ago, but their flavors are still well done. My fav starter or small bite is their spinach-artichoke dip that comes with beer bread (small pita bites made with beer) and tortilla chips. Perfect to share with one or two people. My favorite main dish is the salmon BLT but check out their specials online ahead of time before heading in, these are usually delicious things you can't find on the menu. Another thing that's not on their menu is grilled cheese. I know, as simple as it may seem theirs is delicious and goes great with their soup of the day for something a little less filling. Don't forget to add avacado and tomoato! Also, they do brunch on the weekends. Used to just be for holidays that fell on those days but now it seems to be a usual thing. Haven't been in awhile but from what I remember it's special dishes or buffett style. You chose.See you there!
4	Great burger, not the best I have ever had, but good. Great service. Good atmosphere.  I had the fries too, and they were steak fries style and nom nom.  They have a huge variety of food to try, and the people I went with had the pasta salad and various sandwiches .... I will go back to this place if I find myself in the area, or if I need another business meeting out in that area of the woods...
4	yum yum! great food, decent prices, nice ambiance.. parking is kind of a bitch, but it sorta adds to the fun, waitress was FABULOUS... absolutely will be back. oh and the beer was SO GOOD.:D
5	Great beers! Four Peaks is my brewery of choice. The Kilt Lifter is my fav. Food is slightly on the pricey side, but good. If you don't know which beer to go with, try the sampler. The service is great, staff is friendly and the crowd is laid back and chill. Its so refreshing to find a place thats not trying to bring in the snottsdale 'bros' and materialistic women.I LOVE the patio out front when the weather is nice, but the inside has more than enough room.Can't say enough about this place. My favorite watering hole.
4	The best bar close to campus if you're "old" like me (30).  It's easy to enjoy a good beer in a lively but not overwhelming atmosphere.  I appreciate the high ceilings and friendly bartenders.
4	I come here for the beer, not the food.  Not because I don't like the food, just because I would rather drink my calories here.  Excellent beer, great college bar, but don't feel out of place being 30+
4	Perfect day for a brew on a  great winter day.. (in Phx that means its 70 out!).. sat on the patio for a great happy hour.. within five minutes we had ordered.. had two peach ales and the best artichoke spinach dip Ive had in the valley at a restaurant.. Friendly waiters and laid back atmosphere...& not the typical Mill Ave crowd.. . The vittles and beer.. perfect delight for the taste buds...
5	Always a must have when I'm in Arizona. I love the kiltlifter. Their other beers are pretty good as well but the kiltlifter keeps me coming back.
4	A place that has good microbrew beer and lots of good, non-bar food options? Could it really be?Yes, folks, yes it could. I traveled to Phoenix recently and stopped by Four Peaks. I started with a Kilt Lifter; delicious. We ordered the Thai Hummus to start; also delicious. Just the right amount of spice served with warm pitas. For my main course, I ordered the mushroom swiss burger. It was a good burger - I liked the addition of caramelized onions but didn't find anything that made it a stellar burger. But it was good. I tried a slice of the barbecue chicken pizza. That was yummy, but there wasn't enough barbecue sauce. Not sure if that's a typical thing or if that's just the way they happened to make this one pie.I almost ordered the portabello veggie beer bread - beer and veggies? Mmmm.The place is huge. We sat on the covered patio area - but there were outdoor tables and tons of indoor tables and bar space. It was a beautiful day to be sitting outside. I can imagine sitting there in the spring (summer might be pretty miserable) drinking a hefeweizen and just having a lovely time.Plus, it's a Vikings bar. That adds half a star right there.
4	On the first day of sunshine after days of rain, it was time to go out and play!  Blue skies, puffy clouds and an entire day to do nothing but have fun. What more can you ask for? My inaugural visit to Four Peaks was part of a multi-destination afternoon in and around Tempe. My friend, who spent a lot of Quality Time at Four Peaks while attending graduate school, was understandably horrified at my cultural black hole regarding such a time-honored establishment.  Don't hate - I'm from California!  So, after a huge lunch and a stroll around the ASU campus (taking pity on the hard-working MBA students in Saturday group meetings - oh, I remember that pain...) it was time to see what I had been missing. I think I spend too much time in Scottsdale, because at first I was disoriented. The stand-alone building is nowhere near a strip mall. It isn't beige. The parking lot is filled with rocks and doesn't have clearly-defined parking spaces (I can never park between the lines anyway, so I was more than OK with this). Also, I didn't see a single Affliction t-shirt. Yay. Both the front patio and interior were packed - I think this place has a license to print money.  Even with a full bar, I didn't see anyone without a pint glass - I am guessing not many mixed drinks are served here - lucky bartenders!  In addition to the printed menus, a large chalk board lists the beers on tap and the alcohol content of each - a range from 4% to an impressive 6.9% for the Raj IPA. We didn't eat anything (no stomach real-estate left) but did enjoy a pitcher of Hefeweizen (hey, there is always room for that, right?). Sitting at the bar, I could see that this place appeals to a wide variety of people. To our left, a group of older guys watching basketball and eating burgers. To our right, a couple of recent ASU grads we chatted with who were contemplating life plans, law school, an upcoming trip to Southeast Asia and eating Thai hummus - lucky girls!  Maybe I need a new life plan...  :)Good times - I really want to go back and try the spinach/artichoke dip. It looked SO good!
4	WATER!  make sure you try a glass of water here. No, really try it, it is the best tasting water I have ever had. It must be the purified water they use to make the beer and the price is right.Free water aside, Four peaks in Tempe makes many great beers, some good food and combines it in  a unique industrial warehouse atmosphere. On my last trip here I went just for the beer, like many other times. I tried the seasonal, all be it after the season, pumpkin ale. It was pretty good with subtle spice notes,a clean finish and not too much residual sugar. I also had the Hop Knot IPA, the strong hops in this beer have some distinctly fruity and floral notes adding to its' complexity. After all of that great water and beer, take a trip to the hidden Men's bathroom in the game room, it is a very unique experience. In north Tempe this is my place of choice to go for a drink.
5	Best bar in Tempe.
5	Really this place doesn't need another great review. All I will say is that I miss this place. This was a regular place for my husband and I for four years. Funny considering its called Four Peaks. Okay, enough of that. Overall, great beer (although selection never changes), great food, and a excellent atmosphere if you can get a spot outside. Personally I'll wait to be seated so I can enjoy the wonderful AZ afternoons and nights. I don't think I'm alone.
2	Good beer. Terrible food. Bland, bland, bland. First off it took 15 minutes for anyone to realize we were in the place. Secondly the food was as if the cook just took the food out of the package threw it on the grill and then served it. I never thought of salt as a spice but seeing as it was the only thing to make the food have any taste guess it will have to do. The one upside our server was very nice.
4	Good grub.  Great beer.  Always a great spot for happy  hour or lunch. You cannot go wrong here.
4	Made my way up to Phoenix and Tempe last night for the rare visit and stopped by Four Peaks for the first time.  I'd had their 8th St. Ale and Kilt Lifter prior to the visit, but was looking forward to sampling a few of their other beers.  All were excellent.  The oatmeal stout was delicious, even to this self-proclaimed "hophead".  It appears that they have a couple different IPAs on tap regularly--the Raj, which is an English style and the Hop Knot which is the more traditional, florally over-hopped American version.  That was the way to go in my opinion!  They also had a seasonal called Double Knot--a double IPA.  Absolutely delicious and potent at 9.1% abv without killing the hoppiness with an overly alcoholic taste--a difficult thing to pull off with a double IPA in my opinion.  Also had dinner on the front patio while there.  I had fish and chips.  Fairly standard for pub fare as far as I was concerned although I did really like the chips, which were really just very nicely seasoned thick fries.  The new Nimbus in Tucson has set the standard to me for the fish portion, and this did not top that.  Still tasty though and a fair portion.  A friend of mine got the salmon BLT, which looked quite tasty.On a Thursday night, the place was packed.  But there was still a fair amount of room to get to the bar for a drink while waiting for a table, which really only took about 10 minutes (we were told the wait would be 15-20).  We sat outside on a nice patio that runs the length of the front of the bar.  Heaters are abundant for those chilly AZ february nights.:)  If there was a parking lot, I missed it.  There's on-street parking however, but you might have to walk a few blocks once you find a vacant spot.Wait staff was young, friendly, and energetic, but not overbearing.  They gave us our space while we had our meals.The interior is huge, nicely decorated, and clearly a brewery when you make your way towards the back.  Plenty of seating, plenty of room to stand as well.For those who want to take home some "souvenirs", they do sell beer by the growler (as well as provide refills after the initial bottle purchase).  It looks like they also run the gambit on "Four Peaks" clothing as well.Overall, a great place to visit, but if you're from out of town, watch carefully--the turn onto 8th St. is easy to miss.
5	This is by far my favorite Brewery in AZ. Food is good and I love the atmosphere and Beer is wonderfull!! What more can you ask for a Brewery! They serve good beer and you just enjoy!!!
4	There food is pretty good here but they have a lot of different brews, I tried a pumpkin beer witch was very good. This place used to be real quite and unnotice now it's always busy and very crowded. It is located away from mill ave by about 3 miles so if your trying to bar hop make sure you have a dd and stop by this place.
5	This is the standard for breweries in Phoenix, and well, the rest of the States in my opinion. I have been to many breweries in the Western U.S. (especially Portland) but as a 'homer' I have to say that this is my favorite brewery. The atmosphere is nice with both outside and inside dining and drinking. They play good music, well, music in which a 25 year old male would enjoy. The beer is amazing. There is no other place I would rather have a beer. The beer is strong (especially the Raj IPA and Hop Knot) and they have an optimal variety of seasonal beers including everyone's favorite Pumpkin Porter.The food is exquisite as well. The nachos are sublime and made with real cheese instead of 'nacho cheese'. The burgers, the fish and chips and, well, everything else on the menu is awesome. The service is usually good, except, there have been times we get a nasty waitress. But the good brews, food and times usually supersede the sometimes inefficient service.
5	This place is in my Top 5 favorite places to eat in Arizona, no question!  First of all, they're a brewing company so they have to have good beer, right?  Check!  In order to get people to stay and drink beer, they have to have a good menu . . . check!  To get said people to come back again and again you have to have good tasting food, right?  CHECK, CHECK, and DOUBLE CHECK!!All of the food I've had is top notch and delicious!  And the beers??  I crave them!!  It was Kilt Lifter that first hooked me.  Then the Hop Knot (see my Nello's review for the best Hop Knot in town tip).  And the Pumpkin Porter, one of the best seasonals EVER!  While I think it is spectacular that you can get various Four Peaks Brew's at some of the coolest establishments across the state (even the Pumpkin Porter, when available), there is one brew that I can only find when I am lucky enough to go to Four Peaks . . . THE OATMEAL STOUT.  This is the most delicious, most creamy and smooth beer I have ever had in my life.  I dream of this beer.  The first time I tried this was shortly after I started drinking (and liking) stouts.   I tasted it, looked over at my BF and said "I think this is better than Guinness."  Of course I got the evil eye, but I'm sticking to my guns.  The Oatmeal Stout at Four Peaks is my favorite beer of all time!Favorites from the menu include, Spicy Thai Hummus, Spanakopita, Bavarian Pretzels, Shrimp & Goat Cheese Bruschetta (it's a meal, but the garlic is no joke on this one), the salads are great, Bleu Light Special Burger, Veggie Beer Bread Wrap, Fish and Chips . . . just to name a few! =)The patio is great.  The staff is friendly.  The parking is not the best, but eh, everything else makes it worth it.  Plus, I suggest taking a cab or the light rail anyway . . . better to not have to drive so that you can enjoy more brews!
4	I really liked this place. It's in an odd location and is not within walking distance to much, but the space is really cool and open. You can even see people working in the brewery.  they have lots of TVs to watch your favorite sporting event. The crowd was a nice mix of professionals and college students.The beer was very good. We tried the sampler and then I switched to the pale ale. My husband was a big fan of the american IPA. We were there for quite a long time, so we ordered a soft pretzels and later the nachos. Both were excellent. If I am ever in the Tempe area again, I hope to return.
5	This was a great place to spend an afternoon on the patio after sharing a sampler of the brews. Decided on the Hop Knot and the Hefeweizen as our favorites of the day.The wait staff was knowledgeable about the brew selections.  Thank you! We shared a platter of walleye that was very good also.Definitely a must try if you find yourself in the area and want a dose of off campus life.
5	This place is definitely a diamond in the rough.  For me and my friends (who have mostly all grown up in PHX), this place is our standard, staple, our Cheers, if you will.  Four Peaks feels like home.  The beer holds its own against any domestic microbrews.  Their constants are worth coming for (such as the acclaimed Hop Knot and Oatmeal stout), but the seasonal really generate the real anticipating locals; the coveted Pumpkin Porters will get tables fighting over the last growler of the season.  Every time I have traveled abroad, this is my first stop upon my return.  No other place in PHX can you get such world class beers for so cheap, superb food to rival any pub (served till 1:00 am daily), and a crowd that makes you feel like family.
5	The crowds are always there so make sure you give yourself 20-30 minutes if you go in the evening. Even on a Tuesday night... Kilt Lifter is their signature beer and it's a damn good one! and at 6% you'll have to pace yourself. For food, YOU MUST have Arizona Chicken Rolls and if you like burger, the best burger I've EVER HAD was the Popper Burger. BELIEVE ME!
5	I love this place. Just to hang out on a Summer day on the patio and have a beer is like...the perfect day. The food is awesome. The Kilt Lifter is tasty and thirst quenching. The area is definitely lucky to have such a place.
5	Hands down the best Brewery in the Greater Phoenix area...great atmosphere, and even greater food and service.  This place is hallowed ground for beer aficionados and anyone looking to enjoy a great night out with friends or co-workers.What I appreciate most about Four Peaks (aside from the beer) is the overall consistency of my experience (beer, food, service).  I live in the adjacent apartment complex so I am there at least once every ten days and the quality of service and deliciousness of the food and drink are always exceptional...this place is top notch!If you have never been, then grab a few friends and order a few pitchers at Tempe's finest establishment!Kiltlifter and the Raj IPA are personal faves if you can't decide.
4	Four Peaks is probably the best Micro Brewery in the Phoenix area.  it's completely out of the way and hidden.  You think you're lost then all of a sudden you smell the beer and see the place packed inside and out front on the patio.They had a good selection of food, that's step above your average bar food.  The atmosphere is cool and the place is always busy, day or night yet the service is good.  They served mixed drinks, but the beer is what this place is all about.  The Kilt Lifter is their beer and it's good.  6.09% alcohol is a good number to start with.  The Heffe never disappoints and the Raj at 6.99% and a dry, bitter, yet pleasant taste.  Good beer, good food, good friends and good eye candy.  'Nuf said!
5	One of our favorite breweries!  The food is outstanding! Went for Sunday brunch & Kilt Lifter (of course)  I had the breakfast beef bread wrap - it was huge and I could only eat half so I got to enjoy that again the next day!  Love the beer, atmosphere and food!
5	My wife & I relocated from Boston, MA for her to attend Grad school from 2003 to 2006 - for the first year, we wandered through the desert, lost, trying to find some quaint local haunt that had great atmosphere, fantastic food and awesome beer. We were about to give up hope that we were living in the zombie-land of the chain restaurants and that we'd have to wait until we could move back to Baaahstahhn and then we stumbled on Four Peaks.Four Peaks is quite simply, our favorite restaurant in the Valley. - The Food and beer selection is AMAZING- The atmosphere is great - not too college-ey, not to snooty like Scottsdale - but a great mix of college, young adults and families. . . for regular meal-times.- The service is top-notch- What better place to enjoy a spring day-time lunch than out on the patioI went back this weekend to visit and was thrilled to find out the place was as excellent as ever. I had my first kiltlifter and hefeweizen in four years and it was amazing!Anyone else looking for local flavor - don't settle for the zombie-land of the chains - hit up Four Peaks First!
5	This place is like home (not home away from home, literally home.)  I left for a year and a half to California (to do some prospecting or something), and this little brewery was top on a very short list of places I actually missed.  You know how nothing ever tastes quite the same as the way your mom made it, even if the food you're eating is much better than your mom's cooking?  No, I'm not saying something bad about your mom's cooking - I'm making a point here.  This is how Four Peaks beer is for me. My resolution this year is to spend 4 days a week here in November when pumpkin porter is out.  I think I can pull it off - I -generally- show up for work 5 out of 5!
5	One of our favorite breweries!  The food is outstanding! Went for Sunday brunch & Kilt Lifter (of course)  I had the breakfast beef bread wrap - it was huge and I could only eat half so I got to enjoy that again the next day!  Love the beer, atmosphere
4	Parking sucks. The beer is yummy. The food is awesome drunk food.
5	No matter what food you get here, it won't disappoint.  The beer is great as well.  It's one of my favorite hangouts in Tempe different from the Mill Avenue scene or Tempe Marketplace.
5	I'm a Tempe native.  I and everyone I know frequents Four Peaks Brewing Company on a regular basis.  If you are looking to have a great time with close friends and family, this is the spot.  The interior environment is rustic and cozy but nothing beats the patio, year round.  This historic, red brick building looks like it was transported from downtown Flagstaff or small mountain town.  Something about the way it all comes together always puts me at ease.  Had a hard day at work?  Four Peaks.  Need a table for twelve of your friends without a reservation?  Four Peaks.  Want to enjoy a lazy Sunday in the cool breeze and warm sun with a pleasantly plump belly full of comfort food and fragrant beer?  Four Peaks baby!   It's like a Swiss Army Knife of dining solutions.  It's my go-to choice for pretty much every situation except the ones which require a suit jacket.  Atmosphere:  Warm, cozy, relaxing, casual, down-to-earth.  Good, fun loving vibes for ALL ages.  This is a true diamond in the rough among a landscape of corporate fugazis. Music choices are great but speaker system needs an upgrade in clarity.Staff:  Friendly, professional, efficient, abundant, ubiquitous.Appetizers:  Favorite:  Arizona Chicken Rolls.  Noteworthy:  Thai Hummus, 5 Layer Nacho Dip, Panko Crusted Calamari.Food:  Consistently great!  Diverse, upper scale comfort/bar food in ample portions. The fantastic daily specials keep this regular coming back obsessively.  Favorites: Carne Adovada, Southwest Burger, Salmon BLT, Italian Beef Beer Bread, Reuben.Drink:  Various micro-brews of delightful, world-class quality.  Favorite beer:  Hop Knot IPA.  Noteworthy beers: Arizona Peach, Oatmeal Stout, Pumpkin Porter (autumn only).  Other:  Parking is abundant.  However, unless you're lucky, you'll have to park about 60 yards down the road or down the back alley ;)  It's worth the walk.When to go:  Weekend lunch on the patio; especially in spring and fall.Requests:  Please post your daily specials to your web site rather than emailing me twice a day.  Make the "crab po' boy" a regular menu item.  It was the best special I've ever had at Four Peaks!
4	You could be having a shitty day, grieving over a good friend, celebrating the joys of life or just looking to chill after a hard day at work, whatever the reason you sometimes just need a pint! Four Peaks on eighth street provides that. I love their Kiltlifter, their peach ale, and hefweisen and during the month of October their Pumpkin Porter... YUM stuff! couple that pint with their heavily loaded chicken nachos, a plate of beer fries, and their Arizona Chicken Rolls... and my friends you got a feast! I like they have happy hours and reverse happy hours. I remember times I've spent coming here on Friday evenings, and on Saturdays after an ASU football game... good times and memories. Parking sucks but the atmosphere is kick ass!  If you get  the beer fries ask for the jalapeno ranch... YUM! Oh and Peach ale is best when cold! I like the misters outside... and even during the summers i'd rather be outside coz it seems much cooler than inside. I like the overall feel of this place and it's worth coming for just that pint... sharing a few laughs and spending good times over some beer fries!
4	Stellar food.We sat outside in the cold as the inside was packed.  There were plenty of heat lamps, so we didn't have a problem staying somewhat warm.Thai Hummus was delicious.  Big fan.  Try that as an app.  Tangy with a little, slight kick.I had the pork tenderloin special and that was tasty.  Pork was tender and the side spinach was cooked to my liking.Downside:  Service was a little unpredictable as no on really checked on us to see how our meals were.  It also took a little while to get plates and utensils after getting our hummus to start.  But when the server did come by, she was very responsive and friendly.Regardless, I'm still a fan and will be coming back.
5	When visiting Phoenix my request is to come here at least once! The atmosphere is always packed, but in a good way. I like all the open air and all the TV's. The patio is a good size but the inside is fine as well. This place might just have the most amazing pretzels I have ever had hands down! They come out steaming hot and just so perfectly made. If you ever imagined a perfect pretzel this would be it. In fact, that's all we ordered this time around. Why mess around with the menu? Just order rounds like you would with beer!Speaking of which, I'm a fan of the kilt lifter but the other beers are good as well. It depends on your taste, naturally, but none of them are bad like you find sometimes at other breweries! I did venture out and order the oatmeal stout shake. It was interesting and good but not something I'd order again. I've had the chocolate stout float at another spot that I prefer over this.If you're out here for Spring Training it seems to be a popular hang out on a Sat afternoon. If you're not here for Spring Training then check it out if you haven't already!
5	You go into Four Peaks, and everybody there is your friend. On a busy Friday night, this is the weekend warm-up to beat them all. It's loud, it's packed, it's fun. I'll usually mix up brews, but I always come back to my old friend... Kilt Lifter (appropriately named, I would say!).  Goes great with just about anything, but i enjoy the Spinach Artichoke Dip, Shrimp & Goat Cheese Bruschetta, and their Calamari is the best I've tried anywhere. Definitely worth stopping in.
4	I am in town for Spring Training from Los Angeles, I am a beer geek and love to try local breweries. Here are my comments: -Location: Close to ASU, Plenty of outside tables to enjoy the Arizona Sun and People Watch. I sat at the bar and watched all of the NCAA Conference Tournament Action. -Beer: All of their beers were really nice, I was especially impressed by these beers... -Kilt Lifter -Scottish Style Ale - Amazing, I rate it a 8.5! It is like drinking a New Castle on Steroids!! Very low carbonation, tons of malt and light hop flavor. -Hop Knot IPA -- Amazing, almost an Imperial IPA very Hop Forward without the bitter hops!! I rate it 9.3 Even better from the Cask. -8th Street Ale -- Pale Ale -- Very nice session able Pale Ale, I rate it at a 7.0 -- Very easy drinking with subtle hops. I did not eat a meal here so I won't comment, there menu looked amazing with a lot of variety. I ordered the Bavarian Soft Pretzels and they were perfect (I am a Soft Pretzel Connoisseur being from Philadelphia). They are so good with any beer at Four Peaks!!! Overall...Great Place to look at Beautiful Women, Drink Great Beer, Look at Beautiful Women, Eat Great Food, Look at Beautiful Women, and watch great sport's I mention the women?
3	Beers are pretty decent.  The Arizona Peach was my favorite out of all of them and I normally don't like that kind of thing.  I had the sampler and I could see myself drinking only a few of them. The shrimp bruscetta on beer bread was a great appetizer.   It was a little heavy on the garlic though (whole pieces of garlic on it).  All the other food wasn't anything to really write home about.  Typical brewpub fare.
5	This is a great local spot. If you're visiting you might miss it because it's a few blocks away from the main bar strip on Mill Ave - but it's worth the trip. It's a brewery and their Kilt Lifter beer is one of my favs. They also have a great brunch - mimosas come with a full serving of veggies mixed in. Love it.
5	Great food - better beer - wonderful atomosphereI have been to many brewpubs in my day and I have seen more boring brewpub menus than I can recall.  Four Peaks is not the same as all the others.  Don't get me wrong it is not white table cloth dining, just well thought out and prepared food at a reasonable price.  The beer is great and they always have a porter or stout on tap.  What I really like is the staff and the setting.  Friendly, professional and approachable staff in a historic, operating brewhouse with a long bar.  This place is always busy with indoor and outdoor (covered) seating.  Especially popular with the football crowd (it's a Vikings Bar - go figure that one out).  You can always count on good music playing if you can hear it over the roar of the Tempe crowd.I must every time I visit PHX
4	I always come here for happy hour and yet I never make it for happy hour! I always miss it  by like 30  minutes! There seems to always be a wait around 5:30 or 6. A sign that this place must be good! The place is kind of off the beat and path - you'd have to know where it is to find it. You definitely wouldn't just stumble upon it out of no where.Anyhow - I've been there twice and have loved it both times. The first time I got the Kiltlifter - I think its their most popular bc I work in a bar and everyone always asks for it. Then once we got our table, I got the beer sampler. I love those things...you get a little bit of each beer and it's wonderful! My friends and I shared the Nachos. Probably some of the best I've ever had. And I LOVE nachos. Last night, I got the Peach Ale - delicious. Kinda girly, but it's what I was in the mood for. I decided to try something new and I got the quesadilla - also delicious. So good that I had a dream about quesadillas last night. hahah.This place is a definite one of my fav's in Tempe. Amazing. Fun, laid back atmosphere.
5	I've been a frequent patron for four years now and can't remember a single time when I've had a bad experience.  Great food, amazing beer and wonderful, friendly staff... It doesn't get better than this!
5	We love Four Peaks and try to have lunch there at least 2-3 time a month. They always have great lunch specials and you will never go wrong by ordering any of the beer bread & pasta salad. Top it off with a Kilt Lifter or 8th St. Ale and you're good to go...
5	Great Beer, Good Food.  Excellent atmosphere.  Service and staff always very good & friendly.  Sometimes loud in the 'garage' but that's because there's a big crowd and everyone's having a great time!I've been coming here for, what, 13 years?  Since just after they opened up.  In the old days you could sit outside and had to have food delivered because they didn't have a kitchen.  Now Four Peaks does a great job with food as well as beer.  They're always happy to accommodate special orders  from the menu.
4	Always a good time and the beer is great! Food is better than you ever expect. Parking is the real problem, you can park on the street in the alley,  or a mile away.
4	I used to really dig Four Peaks beer, but my taste in beer has expanded greatly the last few years, and Four Peaks beer doesn't quite cut it for me anymore.  I do still enjoy Kilt Lifter and Oatmeal Stout on tap and I still love the Pumpkin Porter.  That aside, I do really enjoy brewery itself.  I like the atmosphere, the fact that I can catch some games, and getting some mixed drinks there.  It's going to sound crazy, but I highly recommend getting some water there, it is fantastic.  The food is pretty solid too, I like quite a few things on their menu.  The happy hour is great, and I usually have a good time out there.
5	The BEST brewery I've ever been to. Amazing beer and awesome food (I didn't think that combo was actually possible)! I daydream about this place all the time since I spent so much time here while going to school at ASU. Whenever I go back to Phoenix, this is always a must on my list!
4	We have been going to Four Peaks for years and years because they craft excellent beer and have delicious food and great service.  If you've never been to Four Peaks, you are missing out!  They make the best beer in the entire metro phoenix area and have the most consistent service and selection around.The food is usually pretty good, but it seems as of late, the quality has deteriorated a little.  Especially last time when we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip and it appeared at the table in less than 2 minutes?  I mean, I was hungry, but would prefer to wait for a made to order bowl of dip, than be served one that was ladeled out of a giant vat!The beer bread sandwiches are always excellent, as are the pizzas, and they have great nightly specials with seasonal ingredients.  We always have visited, and always will visit Four Peaks on each and every stop in the valley!
4	Great food, amazing Beer (the Oatmeal Stout and Hop Knot I.P.A. especially) and an amazing building. Parking Sucks but hey, 3/4 is Hall of Fame status in my book.
5	This is seriously one of my favorite places in Tempe! The beer is amazing, the food is amazing and the people are amazing! I have never tasted a beer here that I don't like (though the Hopknot and the Stout and incredible and in my opinion the best) and I have never eaten anything here that I haven't liked. I've made it my mission to branch out and try all of the food to see if I could find something that I disliked. I completely failed at that. From the Adovada to the Thai Hummus, everything is bursting with astounding flavor and cooked with care. Maybe that is why I never mind paying a few extra dollars when I decide to eat here; it's so good! And, just when I thought that all the lunch and dinner food was amazing, I tried their breakfast. As one might guess from the review thus far, breakfast at Four Peaks is great as well! Okay, okay... I can talk about this place until their next batch of Kiltlifter is shipped but I'll wind things up. Go to Four Peaks, enjoy the food, enjoy the atmosphere and most importantly, enjoy the delicious beer!
4	I really wish I wasn't hungover when I came here for a late lunch with my girlfriends....especially when i did my yelp research on this....I was really excited to go to a brewery in a college town since at my alma mater, they had this fabulous brewery where i probably spent half my time at because it was just...the best place ever.  I loved how everything on the menu had something soaked in beer!  Whether it was their beer bread, chicken tenders fried in beer something, it was so good!I got their Portabella Veggie Beer Bread (more of a wrap) and it was seriously packed with fresh vegetables and was wrapped in their beer bread.  You could tell the bread was freshly made because it was so soft and yummy.  Next time, I would ask for a little less cheese...I think they put in a lot.  I was really bummed that I didn't try any of their brews.  If you look on the menu, they suggest the type of beer you should get with each plate, which I thought was real neat!  And OMG, the fries!  So good!!!!!  Fries in general are good, but their fries, it's seriously on another level.  For dessert, my friends and I got their tiramisu, but their take on it was not putting in rum, but guess what they put in instead....beer.  It was seriously like 8 inches tall and 4 people couldn't even finish.  It didn't taste that different....it was actually real sweet.Overall, I'd say this is a great place to go with a big group of people, especially if you want to watch a sports game (lots of big TVs).  If i'm ever back in Tempe, I am definitely coming back here to try some of their beer!
4	I'm I big fan of Four Peaks which may be strange since I'm not really a big fan of beer. However, being from Portland you learn to appreciate the local micro-breweries even if you are just there for a cider or the food. So what I'm basically saying is yes, I go to Four Peaks for the food. The sandwiches and burgers are really good. The atmostphere is great. A favorite hang-out from my Sun Devil Years!
5	Friend took me here when I was visiting and didn't have any idea what I wanted to eat...just that I needed some food...and a beer sounded good too.  This place is great.  Cool atmosphere and good brews.I got the Tap Room Tenderloin and a Hefeweizen to wash it all down.  Both were very good.  Also got to sample a piece of their tasty quesadilla.  All good and I look forward to sampling more of the menu in the future.
5	Fun atmosphere, great beer (woo woo Kiltlifter!) and killer pub food.  Best in AZ hands down.  The fish and chips are to die for.  And where else can you get a beer milkshake?
3	Decent beer, good service, so so food.  Kind of what you should expect at most breweries.   They had an Oatmeal Stout Teramisu that looked great, but I didn't have enough room.The place is pretty cool inside, and there are lots of indoor/outdoor options.  After all, it's Tempe.  We got there before noon on a Sunday, and it was busy.  Not a bad place, but not a wonderful one either.
5	It's ironic that I would luv this brewery because I am not much of a drinker.  I think what I luv about this place is that they find a way to sneak the beer into food so that people who can't drink much but like to eat (like me) can still enjoy being there.  I also enjoy that Four Peaks is one of those laid back bars where the music isn't pounding so loud that you can't have a conversation with the people sitting right next to you.  There's good food, good staff, good service, good prices, and lots of outdoor seating, so this is a great place to go for a nice evening out with anyone.I'm a foodie, so I want to take a minute to mention how good the food is here.   On my last trip, I ordered the grilled chicken beer bread, which is grilled chicken breast, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, green peppers, red onion, mozzarella and cucumber sauce rolled in beer bread with a side of french fries and had ice cream cake for dessert.  Everything came out promptly and was SO good.  I want to give a special shout-out to the french fries at Four Peaks cuz they are especially tasty.  I also want to mention the stout shake to all you dessert lovers (particularly MALT lovers).  This is an item I usually get at Four Peaks because it is sooo creamy and delicious.  It's basically a malt made with half an oatmeal stout beer topped with whipped cream and Oreo crumbs.  Beer AND ice cream?  Yes please!  For an older student in a college town full of younger students, Four Peaks is a breath of fresh air.  It's a place that would not find a home on Mill Ave, and for that, I am SO grateful.
4	We love their beer, and their food is pretty good as far as bar/brewery food goes.  It's fine for kids (ours is a toddler) as long as you're sitting in the ONE section that isn't so close to the patio that it's smoky, or solely high-top tables, but otherwise you'll end up like us, taking turns following a toddler around the restaurant.  But what the hell, I guess nothing's that bad with a nice cold beer in your hand.
5	Wow what a great place!  I was in town for business and stopped for dinner.  The pint is only $4 for their microbrewed beer!  Happy hour runs until 6pm or 10pm to close.  The atmosphere is great and the food was delicious as well.  I got the Italian Beef on beerbread and it is enough to feed two folks for $9.  I had their award winning 8th street and Kilt LIfter and it was great.  If you are unsure of what to get, they offer the sampler for only $9.  All in all, it is a great place to go whether you are inside or outside.
5	Four Peaks is my staple!  If my friends and I are trying to decide where to eat and watch a game on TV, this is definitely a good choice.There are SO many good things about this place:  GOOD Brews, one for every taste, great specials on happy hour and food, the food is amazing.  Try any sandwich on a beer bread, and you will be in heaven.If you like pale ales, try the 8th street ale, by far my favorite beer, EVER!!!!
4	I always love this place whether I come for breakfast, lunch, dinner or just drinks.  Its a really relaxed environment.  Perfect place to just hang out and eat, drink, chat, etc.  Sometimes it gets a little busy, but its usually worth the wait.  I absolutely love the Pumpkin Porter, which is only around in October and November.
4	So my first time dining here was a few weeks ago and I had a pretty sub-par experience. Had the "Spicy" Chicken Salad Pita (which was not spicy by any standards, with some fries and a water. No beer :(Tonight was much different. My party of 3 shared a pitcher of the Peach ale *mmm* and while they both had burgers, I had the chicken sandwich with cheddar on beer batter bread by request. I had no idea what the beer batter bread was, but I saw a lot of good reviews about it so I went for it. Got my sammy, it came with tomatoes and onions which did not please me, but was not a deal breaker. I got the chicken cajun though which definitely made the sandwich for me.This experience def made Four Peaks a place worth visiting again for me. But beware! We came on a Fri. evening and there were HELLA people in line...so either come early, or be prepared for a wait.
5	This place is THE TRUTH.Went here a few weeks back w/ a few friends who also just recently turned 21 and since we obviously have never drank a drop of alcohol in our life (ha) we decided to check this place out for it's beer sampler.I didn't really believe anybody when they told me that I just had to find the beer that was right for me because I honestly thought at that point ALL BEER was disgusting...But then I found my best friend - PEACH ALE! Man that stuff is SO GOOD and a pitcher b/w 3-4 friends makes for a great time.Food is legit, people are awesome, and there are multiple environments in which to hang out in.Large party? Get a table inside where it's a little louder.Here casually w a friend? Check the bar out.Trying to catch up over dinner and drinks w/ a small group? Try to sit outside.This place is definitely a place to hit up even if you're in Tempe for just the weekend.CHECK OUT THE OATMEAL VANILLA STOUT MILKSHAKE = THAT'S WHAT DREAMS ARE MADE OF.
4	I was impressed with this place.   It looks a lot smaller and dinkier from the outside than it is.   This place is huge! And I do mean huge!  While this place was loud it was not super loud like most sports bars.   We had some chicken salad stuffed egg rolls, well that's what it looked like.   They where surprisingly good.   Weird but good.   I ordered a plate of enchiladas.   They where good but the plate was extremely hot.  Once it cooled down everything seemed to have gotten melted onto the plate.   I'm looking forward to coming here again.
5	Four Peaks is one of my favorites places to go, hands down. The atmosphere, food, and beer are all amazing. My friends and I go here usually AT LEAST once a week for lunch, dinner, happy hour, etc. It is a great place to come with a group and sit outside. Whenever I have anyone in from out of town visiting me, this is the first place I take them. During happy hour and reverse happy hour pints are $3 which is a great deal. They have really good seasonal beers and the ones that are always there are great too. I honestly can't even pick a favorite beer because I love them all, but I will say that the Peach Ale is a great refreshing beer when it is hot out. They are open til 2am every night and I don't think I have seen the place not crowded. They have the best fries around and if you go, you have to get the Salmon BLT! Also a fun place to watch football in the fall, but know that it is a Vikings bar...so don't wear the jersey of the team they are playing into the bar like I did.
4	I heard about this place from many people and have been wanting to try it and I finally did.  I did not get a chance to try the food but I heard its good from many people.I went on the night of my 21 birthday and thought, finally I get to try this place.  I got 8th street beer and tried 'half' I think its called, its a wheat beer.  I found 8th street to be one of the best beers I had in a while.  I also find that the more local brewery you go to the more likely often have great beer.I will definitely return when I am in the mood to chill with some friends and have an 8th street or try something new.Recommendation: If you want some good beer and from what I heard good food drop in with some friends.
5	In a sentance: Four Peaks is DEFINATLY something to write Yelp about! From the moment I realized that there were more reviews about this place than I'd care to read in one sitting, I knew this was going to be good!! I realized it was going to be fantastic when i pulled up with my friend Darius and we had a hard time finding a parking spot at 3pm. We met a friend for lunch and the place was laid back, chill, clean, cozy and yet modern - perfect. I had the French Dip, thinly sliced roast beef on a nice hogie bun. Everything was good not too salty not too greasy, loved it! Darius got the Fish N Chips and it was incredible!! Crispy batter dipped big pieces of fish, iot was crispy and crunchy but soft and delightful on the inside. The chips were also batter dipped and had great flavor. I was in love! this is my best recommendation for a meal at Four Peaks!To my yelpers i say: there is limited parking, so when you pull up and see nothing but cars lining the street, do NOT be alarmed! there will be a table available! Another thing, get the fish n chips! It's duh-vine!
5	Hands down the best restaurant we had on our Memorial Day vacation. After recovering from a day in the Salt River and a heavy night of drinking our friends all being ASU Alumni decided to take us to Four Peaks, which in a nut shell they said its the BJ's of Tempe but better. We'll see about that my friend.....Came in and it was pretty packed already, with the sun going down after a huge Laker victory (that's right I said it :D) I'm sure the people in there were drinking away their sorrows as yet again the Suns fail to proceed to the Finals. But enough NBA drama, we were seated towards the back where it literally resembled a warehouse. We're talking about pallets with hops, and giant steel brewing machines brewing up the house beers. Our friends recommended the Peach Brew Beer which had a very strong peach taste to it but still a pretty interesting taste. A buddy and I split of pitcher of it before placing our orders. I decided to go with the French Dip tonight with fries. The sandwich came out split perfectly in half with cheese laced throughout the tender meat, I was salivating at this point. The Au Jus was hot and salty, very good, I took my first bite and literally a scream of joy exited my mouth as I was trying to chew. One of THE best French Dip's I've had in a long long time. I made sure all of my friends took a bite to confirm my theory. I definitely will be coming back for ASU football games this season and will make damn sure that I visit Four Peaks again :)
5	What can I say about Four Peaks that hasn't been said before?  Great beer...wonderful food...fun crowd...cool building...and very reasonable prices.Some of my fav food items are the Spinach Artichoke Dip, the Garden Burger (prob one of the best I've had), the Beer Bread Sandwiches, the Pizzas and def the Spanakopita.Being a girly girl (& not much of a beer fan) I really like their Hefeweizen & Peach beer and my boyfriend always go for the Kiltlifter.The only complaint I have about this place is that I've been here countless times and I can't recall ever getting good service.
3	beer is good. food is not.
4	I've heard lots of great things about four peaks and have been meaning to try it for awhile. I finally got the chance to try it out last week and thought it was great. I love the building the restaurant is in, right when you walk in you can see the huge brewing boilers, giving the place a unique atmosphere. I went on a wednesday during lunch at around 12 pm and was sat immediately. I ordered a pint of Hefeweizen and that was pretty good, im more of a paulaner hefeweizen guy. For an entree i ordered one of the specials of the day, the achiote pork sandwich with fries. The sandwich was alright kind of bland but the frys were amazing!. The best beer battered fries i have had. Overall i thought the place was good and see myself coming back here.
5	Four Peaks is a classic institution.  Not only is the building a really cool old building they have the best patio in town. The beers are consistently good and the food is above reproach with fantastic daily specials, some of which you'd only find at high end restaurants. The only knock is that because of the lack of a/c you have to rely on swamp coolers and misters to stay cool in the summer, but hey, that is covered by having Four Peaks North in Scottsdale. P.S. The ASU student waitresses aren't bad either.
5	Experiencing history in the Phoenix metro?  Is this possible?  Four Peaks Brewery which has only been around for about 15 years is situated in a building that has been around since the early 1890's.  Now that is quite a long time for anything here in the desert.  If you get a chance take a guided tour of the facilty and learn the brewing process on how the beers are made.  During the tour you travel through each room of the building and really get to understand the love that is put into a beer, which believe it or not, only has a few simple ingredients.   Also during the tour, don't get freaked out as a few of the rooms feel haunted.  I'm sure a lot can happen in a building that's over a 100 years old. Four Peaks is not known outside of Arizona as it only delivers beer within state lines.  At some point I'm sure this will change, but still is the largest brewer of fine handcrafted beer in AZ.   They offer many different styles of beer that any connesuir can enjoy.  There food is like that of a typical bar, but the beer is why people should come here.This is a must visit if in the Tempe area!
5	you might have to park a half mile away & walk in the 115 degree heat, but trust me, it will be worth it!
5	You can't find better bar food anywhere. The beer is also great, and I'm not a huge fan of beer. I LOVE their peach ale. The Beer Bread Sandwiches are terrific and their fries are delicious. No air conditioning, just a  swamp cooler so while you are fine to go there on a summer day, just make sure you get a table deep inside the building.
5	With a great selection of beers on tap, always having a fantastic seasonal beer and a wide variety of great food I could go here three or four times a week!  The salmon sandwich is one of my favorites and it goes great with an 8th street ale (which I happen to be drinking now) along with pretty much any other thing they have on tap.  Start with the wings or nachos and you will not be disappointed.  It's a great place to watch any sporting event.  A few too many Vikings fans for my liking, being a Bears fan myself but it's a great atmosphere for pretty much any time you're looking to have a memorable experience.
5	This is my go-to bar.  I'm not into the scene at places where there's a lot of loud, obnoxious frat boys.  Four Peaks isn't especially quiet, mind you.  They play pretty good music for the most part, and almost every time I've started to groan because of the song that just came on, someone who works there changes it.  The service is a little slow, usually, but I honestly don't care.  The food is amazing, and the beer...  oh, the beer.  I love the Sunbru for warmer days, and the Oatmeal Stout when its chillier out.  I always end up drinking a little more than I planned because they're so delicious, and that leads to me splurging on appetizers.  My favorite is the spinach artichoke dip.  All of their beers are worth trying, since they brew them there you're not going to get them anywhere outside of AZ, as far as I'm aware.  If you don't know where to start, for $9 you can order the sampler, and get a tiny glass of each kind of beer they brew, then decide for yourself.  Short version: good food, good beer, one-of-a-kind establishment, go, now.
5	four peaks has a ton of really great hand crafted brews.  this is a great place to bring a large group of friends and try all the different beers, or catch a suns game.  be sure try all the brews though, all good.  but actually, i'm not really a fan of the oatmeal stout, a little too oatmealy and stouty for this guy.good food to help your BAC:- salmon BLT; amazing, its my favorite- brickhouse wings; you will not want to share, their too good.- spinich artichoke dip... cant really go wrong there- 7 barrel fries; always a safe bet for sharing between the group.- the pizza's are a little pricey but i see a lot of people get them...they've got a full bar too, in case you're just looking to get wasted...the crowd is relatively diverse... some frat boys, some old dudes, some mother-reunioun lookin ladies, some indy kids.  anyone is welcome.  indoor and outdoor seating (with misters in the summer), you can never go wrong here.
5	This place is AWESOME! This is definitely one of my favorite breweries in Arizona. The beer is reasonably priced  and is very, very tasty. It's a good place to grab a meal, hit up happy hour or before a spring training game.Anytime I have family in town I take them here and have never had any complaints about the Beer or food. The nachos are HUGE and are very good. This is a must when I go because they are just too good!
3	Had high hopes for this place, but was my least favorite of 5 microbreweries I visited in AZ.  Atmosphere wasn't as good as other places, but probably because they were going for the college vibe.  This place is crowded...just imagine if they took a few tips from Beaver St. Brewery I think it would be twice as good.  Beers were alright... the IPA is probably the best... the Red Amber is average.  The menu was intriguing... Had a southwest green chili burger that was tasty.  The shrimp and goat cheese bruchetta sounded like an awesome appetizer... unfortunately it wasn't bruchetta.  Bruchetta requires crunchy bread or toast points.  This was like a loaf of regular bread with stuff thrown in a pile in the middle like nachos.  Anyway, I would go back again if in Tempe, but I think other cities have better offerings.
5	One word: AMAZING!This place is amazing.The servers are nice and on their game. The food has never disappointed. The beer never runs out. =-I love their beer batter fries, four peaks burger, and grilled chicken beer bread. Definitely my favorites. It's a must-go-to!
4	Four Peaks has been a pretty standard lunch/dinner spot for me and my friends for a while now. Burgers are pretty good, fries are awesome, but what really shines about this place is the beer. You can't go wrong with Kiltlifter, it's hands down the tastiest beer they offer. The Hop Knot IPA is pretty good if you enjoy your beer extremely hoppy (like, punch-you-in-the-face levels of hoppy-ness). I actually prefer the Raj IPA, which has a higher alcohol content but has a mellower flavor that is much easier to enjoy. You won't be disappointed if you come here for a meal and a beer.
5	The food here is great, I've had most of it but definitely have to recommend the Mediterranean pizza. I have yet to try the beer ( Not 21 yet ) but am going there the day after my 21st coming up here in about a week and will definitely be updating this post.
4	great beers, highly recommend the kilt lifter.  the carne adobada is really tasty and the this place is best when the weather is nice to sit outside and just relax.
3	Who has a restaurant in Phoenix without air conditioning?I will try to remember to update this when the weather is less horrific. But really? Misters and fans alone do not a pleasant environment make for eating at the end of July. The beer's good, my burger was tasty, and the fries were dreamy. Even the poor waitstaff was somehow able to smile. But it was effing hot and sweaty and just generally not awesome.
5	I say 5 stars, but I truly am a fan.  But if you're reading this in the summer, you might want to knock it down a few stars.  Only misters and fans really don't cool the patio down enough when it's 110 outside.  But if you need a Four Peaks fix during the summer, head up to the Scottsdale location.  Maybe not as historic, and maybe it lacks some of the charm of the original - but the beer is the same and food is just as good up there.The beers are great - love the usual selections, and the seasonals are always interesting.  Even when I don't love them (the Double Knot was just OK to me) they are always worth a try for the experience and the new flavor.  Kiltlifter and the Hop Knot have become my favorite regulars, but the Pumpkin Porter CANNOT BE BEAT around Thanksgiving time.  You really need to get in during Thanksgiving week to have some.  Food is always reliable.  The Popper Burger is everything that's good in this world.  Great burger, spicy jalepenos and a nice thick slab of cream cheese.  You know, if you're into that sort of thing.  Which I am.The fries are tasty, I've always enjoyed the pizzas as well.  Some of the other offerings are just OK, but I've never had a *bad* meal here.  Service can be slow when they are slammed (and they DO get slammed), but is usually pretty accomodating.  Any complaints I have are quickly overlooked once that tasty beer arrives.  "It's so good when it hits the lips!"
5	Excellent brew pub with awesome beer AND food!  Ask your server or bartender what that cask conditioned ale is and give it a try if it's in line with your tastes.  I have yet to find anything I dislike on the menu and only one beer I steer clear of (the Hefeweizen), but that's more personal taste, than anything else.
5	For someone who doesn't even technically live in Arizona, I've been to Four Peaks A LOT.  It's my boyfriend's favorite brewery/restaurant/hang out spot, and if he had the choice, we'd go every night, even though it's a 30 minute drive away.  While it may not be my choice for every Friday and Saturday night that I'm in Phoenix, it's a great, laid back spot to grab some food and a beer.My favorite beers are the Hefeweizen and some of the seasonals, like this week's chocolate porter.  Prices are right, and there's usually an interesting special to try.  You can really tell that the brewmaster loves his craft - I'm especially looking forward to trying the much-touted pumpkin porter this fall!For food, definitely go with the chicken strips.  They're hand made and incredibly juicy and flavorful.  Not too greasy, and they come with a side of delicious fries.  Other recommendations include the spinach salad with blackened chicken, the daily specials (like the buffalo burger or camarones a la diabla) or the steak sandwich on beer bread.Overall, I'd give Four Peaks 4.5 stars for its great local vibe and cheap and tasty food and beer.  The lack of air conditioning in the summer is a definite bummer, though.  Rounding up to 5 stars for the sake of my relationship and the fact that it won't always be this hot out ;)
4	Four Peaks is the dominant brewery here in Phoenix. It has a long history, great location near ASU and a pretty good reputation here locally. You can find their beer in other restaurants around town and in the grocery stores as well.Its a great place to go with a group of friends. The place is usually pretty busy and the eye candy is amazing! Thanks, ASU!The music is great. You can tell the owner is a Dead Head. There is always a great mix of Jam Bands playing. Really ties into the college vibe. Nice touch!The menu is good for the most part but pretty static. They dont change it up much. They do however have a daily special that is typically not on the standard menu. These offerings are usually pretty darn good and I would suggest giving them a try.Four Peaks makes good beer. The problem is that they dont make amazing beer. Most of their beers are very middle of the road. They dont really push any envelopes in terms of style or big flavor. They do make a few seasonals that are pretty interesting. Their Pumpkin Porter is a nice treat I look forward to every year. For the year round beers, you cant beat the Hop Knot. It's a solid IPA but again, nothing out of the ordinary.Biggest complaint: This place seems to do really well. Invest some of that money into an AC system. Its hard to hang out and enjoy yourself here in the summer when its 110 degrees outside. Perfect place to go Nov-April but its brutal in the summer.
4	I loved this place. They have a great selection of brewed beers. Their burgers were big and juicy. I especially loved the Roethlis-burger they had during Super Bowl several years ago. This is a fun relaxed place where you can hang out with friends. The only drawback was the lack of air conditioning during super hot summers.
4	this place is full of excitement. they have plenty of flat screens at all angles allowing you to view the different sports from any seat in the house. obviously it is a brewery so they have a pretty good variety of brews from lights to heavy. their Arizona chicken rolls for appetizers are tasty but they only come with two rolls (isn' an appetizer supposed to have at least 4 pieces?) but it was good. the popper burger was amazing, i strongly recommend. happy hour is everyday from 2-6pm, thats a plus and the pricing of everything is very fair for what you get. overall it was a great experience and i will be going back soon.
4	Oh how I love pitchers of Kiltlifter in the evening.  =) I went last night with a buddy to Four Peaks for dinner and my favorite beverage. We had a table outside as it was pretty busy.  I ordered a chef special which was a pork tenderloin with a chipotle cream sauce.  It was filling and had decent flavor.  The beer however stole the show as always.  Four Peaks has a great atmosphere and AMAZING beer it's always worth a trip and if you are a fan on facebook they put their lunch and dinner specials on daily so you can plan the right time to visit.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.  I literally have never had a plate here I didn't like, they also have a interesting and ever changing list of specials (I usually order off the specials menu).  This is definitely one of those places I could eat at every day.  All that and I don't even drink beer, my friends really like the beer here though.
4	I love this place. The food is great and the beer is awesome.BUT, avoid this place during the summer. Or be prepared to sweat... alot.There are no air conditioners and they use swamp fans instead. It can get pretty hot inside.
5	I call Four Peaks Heaven. It has the perfect combination of everything I like in a place to eat good food, drink local beer and relax.Beer is amazing. I can always go for a Kiltlifter, but the 8th St. Ale is a very very close second. Food - the best "bar food" around. I wouldn't even call it bar food. The usual suspects are on the menu, but there is so much more. The Spinach dip is to die for. I could eat that as a meal alone. Freaking amazing.I love the Portabello Veggie Beer Bread sandwich and the Chicken Beer Bread as well. Amazing. Fries are awesome. Patio - LOVE. While it is true it can be really hot in the summer inside and out, when the weather is great, this patio is almost unbeatable. Atmosphere - Rockin. Just a very relaxed scene. Suitable for watching a game on tv or just hanging with friends. Always great for people watching, as there is a pretty diverse crowd from students to happy hour buffs to mom & dad. If this place was closer to my house I would be in trouble - I would spend way too much time there.
5	I honestly can't imagine anyone giving this brewery anything less than 5 stars.  It's the perfect combination of restaurant (with great food, especially the burgers), brewery (Hop Knot is outstanding), and sports bar (just look at all the TVs).I love the idea of pairing menu items with various beer selections.  I've tried several of their combination suggestions, and they've always been spot-on!
1	Good beer.. That's about it!  Had wings for an appetizer... Pretty good.. But too tangy for my liking and not spicy enough even when ordered HOT.  I had chef salad.. Who can't make a decent chef salad? Blue cheese dressing wasn't the best by any means. The chicken strips and fries were actually pretty good!  They were out of the beef wellington... So my boyfriend ordered the filet... What a joke! Sauce was horrible and the steak didn't have a great flavor!Service was horrible.. One girl took our drink order and another one took our food order who was brand new and didn't have a clue.. And another girl checked in a couple of times who seemed to have been training the other girl...the bartender dropped our food and replenished our drinks..R u confused yet? Because that was exactly how our experience was..Should have went to chili's!
4	Great atmosphere and wonderful food. The best time to go is when college is not in session. Good happy hour prices also.
4	This place had such high reviews on Yelp that we drove all the way from Scottsdale on our vacation to Tempe to visit this place. And it was worth it! From the front doorman asking me for my ID (knowing I'm well over 30) to saying my name right and telling us to have a great time, to the bartenders asking every few minutes if we were OK, to the delicious blue cheese burger, we were happy campers the entire time. I'm not a beer drinker, but my boyfriend tried all 3 beers and loved all of them. It's a fun, casual, sports bar environment and a great place for bar food.
4	This was the second time I've been here and I will be back! My husband and I were going to see a comedian at the Improv and we decided to eat here since it was close.  We just got a few appitizers because we were in a hurry but they were great.  The sauce on the chicken rolls is amazing and the service is  good even though its always packed.
3	It's pretty good.  The Raj is an amazing IPA.  The food is decent.  Kill off the student population and I would hang out here.
5	Go here if you live in AZ.  It fills the void in my life being a native Oregonian missing Deschutes Brewery.  I must admit though, I've only been here once because its a difficult place to dine with a 15 month old child.  Might want to get a babysitter for this one.
5	Wowee!  The Popper burger is fantastic and their beer menu is off the charts.  Try the Raj IPA if you like your brew with a little bite.I love the fact that there are beer recommendations with their dishes and they have a killer jukebox.This is a must visit if you are in town!
5	I love going here. From the food to the staff and service, this place is perfect for watching games and hanging out with friends and family. I'm not a beer drinker, but husband and friends are and I always hear about how great the beers are especially the seasonal beers. Can't for get a growler when you visit. It is so cheap for the amount and types of beers available.
4	I've been to FourPeaks twice - both times for lunch. Once with Husband, once with the girls.Loved it both times! I love the laid back feel of the place -  this is a jeans and SunDevil's tank kind of place - anything else looks silly, at least for lunch. The food is pretty good (killer fries).I hear it's crazy on Friday nights, so maybe I'll get brave and venture out. But it's definitely a cool place to hang out, chat and eat some great food.
5	Hands down my favorite establishment in Phoenix. I love the character of the old brick building, the tanks of beer right next to the tables, and the enormous bar. Service is awesome, as you can tell everyone loves working in the Best Brewpub in Phoenix. Just tried this year's Pumpkin Porter, and it was outstanding. Living in the desert where there's almost no sign of seasons changing, I look to the release of Pumpkin Porter to distinguish Fall. Grab a pint and taste fall. Cheers.
4	Four peaks.... I love their spinach artichoke dip more than anything else on the menu.Yes. its a huge portion except majority of it looks like chips and pita bread. i would not mind all of it if the spinach artichoke dip was endless. ;) Now on the other hand i have tried their beer battered bread sandwiches and their popper burger which was not spicy to me what so ever. it was amazing as well do not get me wrong but just wasn't what i was expecting. Lets get to the beer. the kiltlifter is good but not Amazing. My absolute Favorite beer here of course has to be the seasonal Pumpkin Porter. The oatmeal stout is not bad either i still like guiness better than the oatmeal stout though.Last but not least the customer service has always been amazing thank god. Only downside is when its a night of a game or weekend it is packed in there. id prefer to go during happy hour before the rush or during the day or as long as i'm not the driver i could really care less i just happen to be impatient and don't want to have to stand 30 minutes to wait for a table to clear up.Also, I wish i got this younger girls name that is a bartender here because she was absolutely amazing!! Best One i have ever met randomly! As i have been sick for almost 3 months with a weird cough thing going on she offered me hot water and honey since my boyfriend and his friends were drinking. No bartender or waitress has ever done anything like that for me before and when i go back i will update and put this in its own bracket with her name!
4	Before I even mention the food and the microbrews, can I just say this is one of the best people-watching places that there is?  The most unusual mix of people you can imagine, and if you're lucky enough to score a patio seat, each and every character has to parade past you.  Classic...We went there on a Saturday afternoon, and were able to get a table on the patio (see comment above as to why that's so great).  The server was prompt and friendly, and the beers we ordered were, as my one friend kept repeating over and over, "delicious".  I had the hefe while my friends all tried the pumpkin porter.  Both very yummy.The menu is diverse and everything I've ever tried was outstanding, but this is not the place to go if you're watching your calorie intake!  Try the popper burger or the burger with the egg and crabmeat on top:  yummy!  You simply can't go wrong.A tad pricey for bar food and beer, but well worth it as the food is above average, as is the beer and the service.  The only downfall is the parking; you typically have to park down the street and walk but after eating that food and those "delicious" beers, you'll need the exercise!
4	Great brewery!  Good food/beer.  Great atmoshpere.  Eat here during Spring Training.  It was reccomended tous by the locals.  It didn't disapoint.
5	Kiltlifter: Remains my favorite (and most hangover-inducing) beer.Waitstaff: Remains the most attractive in the Valley.Food: Remains the best of any brewery I've visited, although Santan is closing the gap.I just wish the place hadn't blown up the way it has; you used to be able to just walk in and sit down anywhere you could find a table. Now there's a hostess, a waiting list, those vibrating coaster things, etc. Maybe they'll add a second level. I'm sure the apartment dwellers across the street would love that.
5	Go in October so you can get the Pumpkin Porter! Also, they have the best french fries in all of Phoenix. Filling up a growler is just $10.... do it!
4	Good vibe they know their beer and can describe it very well.  I tried a couple of their beers and enjoyed them all but the Pumpkin Porter probably stood out.  It was nice malty beer that really worked with the earthy-ness of the pumpkin.  The ESB as described was unique as it was a hoppy beer but had a good malty background and a nice color.  The peach ale was a good sweet fruity beer not too light as some can be.  Their famous Kilt Lifter was a good representation of the standard red ale.The food was good on two visits I tried the Beer bread italian beef sandwich with a side salad and their blue cheese burger.  The flat bread sandwich was full of meat and cheese and the side salad was.HUGE (though with that they told me I was lucky as they are not normally that big).  The burger was great, would order it again.As I am a man that likes his service this place had it in spades.  Knowledgeable staff were quick to help with suggestions (great beer info) and fast with refills (though they did seem quiet).
5	The absolute right way to do a brew pub.  Great beer.  Great food.  Great atmosphere.  If you're new to PHX, you need to go to Tempe Four Peaks.
4	When it is season, the Double Not HAS to be enjoyed.  One of the five best beers I've ever had.  Now, I am a beer snob.  Go to New Glarus in Wisconsin, hands down, the best brewery in the country.  Yep.  Never heard of them?  Well, you have to go to Wisconsin to taste their product and it's worth the trip.Three Arizona breweries stand out in my mind and my local favorite is hands down, Four Peaks.  Yeah, the food is good and the atmosphere is loud and always hopping.  Four Peaks has a great waitstaff and they are always friendly and cooperative.I am not a "bar food" guy so, there food is good, but mostly not to my tastes.  I'll have the soft pretzels with a flight and then choose a couple of the beers I like most for dessert.Thanks for being in Tempe.  You serve this beer lover well.
5	Four Peaks is a "MUST VISIT" for out-of-towners. Tempe is full of chain-restaurants, and Four Peaks is the one really special place in town. Housed in one of Tempe's oldest buildings, the vibe is unique and causal (and is not overrun with fraternity guys, despite being so close to ASU's campus). Great beer, great food - and I don't mean "great food for a bar", I mean "This is some of the best food ever." I've never had a bad dish, and they have daily specials that are actually quite sophisticated. The only complaint I have is that the inside tends to smell. They make all their beer in house, and sometimes that yeast smell just permeates the place. The patio is great, and my preferred place to sit. Parking is a problem. If you can't find a spot on the street, you can try behind the building. Both spots require serious parallel parking skills, though! I think it is the best bar in Tempe, and one of the best in the Valley.
4	Oh four peaks, why do you always make me want to binge drink?This is a pretty cool neighborhood bar and brewery with decent food and and a nice patio.  They usually have random specials like shots of jager and long island iced teas...which brings us back to binge drinking.As long as you don't let the specials dictate what you're drinking that night, I think you'll be fine :)The appetizers are yummy, and it's always nice to support a local brewery, so give their brewskis a whirl.I've had hit and miss service, but overall I guess it was decent.  This is definitely a chill place to go, flip flops and shorts are the dress code.
4	Aside from the suspect bouncer last time I visited (When my companion asked why I was being carded and she was not, the guy replied that she looked honest and I looked shady - I know you're trying to be funny and not call attention to our ages, man, but you don't have to act like a d-bag in the process), this place is ALWAYS wonderful.  The beer is excellent and the seasonal rotations are always worth trying.  And the food is exceptionally good given that you'll be eating it in what looks like a giant barn.  The place oozes character and the vibe is chill.  Certainly up high on my list of best beer houses in the nation (with DC's Brickskeller holding the #1 spot).  Good times.
5	This is my favorite place to eat in the Valley. Food is high quality, portions are huge, and the recipes are amazing. The beer is great and very reasonably priced for a micro-brew, especially at happy hour. The servers are awesome and the vibe at this place is great. Plenty of TV's and they've always got the right games on.If you're a Packers fan stay away on Sundays. This place is a big Vikings bar.
4	Great place to eat, drink and watch a game. The beer is very good. Been here three times in the last two weeks. The kilt lifter filet is juicy and good. The enchiladas are good but could have been hotter. Overall great place.
4	Quality beer, decent food, good atmosphere, all at a reasonable price.  A great place to enjoy a pint with some rock climbing friends from the Phx Rock Gym (http://www.yelp.com/biz/phoenix-rock-gym-tempe)
5	Oh four peaks you have done it again you sneaky devil. Some how when I think they have come up with the best daily specials ever they come and blow it away and today raised the bar to new heights. I walked in sat down read the menu and was torn between two amazing specials that made me drool just reading the words. They had a burger with a fried egg and hollandais sauce on it and an amazing sounding seared blue fin ahi blt with siracha aoli. Honestly I could go on and on about this meal as it still makes my mouth water 2 weeks later just thinking about it. The ahi blt was by far and away the star and may be one of the best pieces of ahi I have had in years especially on sandwich style preparation. The burger on any other day would be a menu champ but came up just a tad short. My only regret is not going back to have another blt for dinner since I don't know when or if it will come around again.
5	I always enjoy local beers, so when we moved to AZ, looked up the local breweries and have loved 4 Peaks ever since!  Good food, great beer that you can get almost anywhere, good ambiance (with tons of TVs to watch games).  Kilt Lifter is my favorite all year beer, but the Pumpkin Porter is such a special treat that my wife and I will go down there at least a couple times in late Oct, Nov just for that.
4	This place is very cool, located in an old brick building. Good food and beer. Lots of outdoor seating. Loved it!I heard theres one in Scottsdale, but theres no way it's as cool as this place..
4	You haven't lived until you've had your car towed from the nearby apartment complex... little tip, those signs that say cars will be towed are not empty warnings.  Just park on the street like everyone else.  Then you won't end the night making a cash transaction on a dark industrial street with some guy in a white pickup truck who left his lights, I mean high beams, on for you.   Visited Four Peaks last night for Football Monday, A.K.A. Man Monday.  Literally spent like 6 hours at the bar.  It's the kind of place you can do that.  The food is above average for bar food... note, I said for bar food.  I'm admittedly a vodka and wine drinker, so my opinion holds little weight with beer.  Also, I have no idea what I'm talking about--tried some kinda port beer that tasted like chocolate--see? Anyway, I couldn't possibly see a reason for hating this place so you might as well check it out.  How's that for an endorsement?
2	I'll be honest. I forgot my I.D. But I'm clearly over the age of 21 and when I ordered a beer, the server said she couldn't serve me without I.D. Okay, fine. I took a sip of my table mate's beer. I took another one, and before I knew it, the manager is at our table saying, "DO YOU HAVE YOUR ID?" And I said, "No. I forgot it." She said, "IF YOU DON'T HAVE YOUR ID I CAN'T HAVE YOU DRINKING. IF YOU TAKE ANOTHER DRINK OF THAT, I'LL HAVE TO ASK YOU TO LEAVE." The server apparently went and told mommy. Okay, fine. This place is a college place and they're probably used to under-age douche bags trying to get drunk off their friend's beer. But, it was lunch. We were having ONE beer. I understand the laws, but a little courtesy and understanding goes a LONG way. Use of one's best judgment. I don't appreciate being talked to like I am a child, and especially not scolded like I am a child. I'm from Seattle and was looking forward to coming here for the delicious beer. This lady was so rude I am never going back. Moral of the story is, don't forget your ID. And if you do, don't go to Four Peaks.
4	Had a great lunch here today. Sat outside the weather was prefect for it, people watching was great. Jamie was our server she was both genuinely friendly and super attentive with out being pushy. Turkey burgers were a nice surprise to see and they were very tasty. The Arizona peach is nice light and refreshing while my husbands Ips was a bit bitter for me. glad I tried this place out and we will go back for sure.
5	A dozen or so cohorts and I gathered for last week's Vikings/Packers game and the service was spectacular. We arrived 15 minutes before kickoff and as you can imagine the place was being overun with purple jerseys. To accomodate our large party the manager opened up the previously roped off back room and gave us free rein of the joint. It seems like the obvious play but you'd be surprised how many bar managers don't see the value in going the extra mile for bigger parties. Our table shared a plate of nachos (A-), cheese bread (B+), and soft pretzels (A+) before diving into beer breads (A++) and burgers (B). It's not high brow fare but it is bar food done right. As a Minnesotan I'm probably totally biased when it comes to reviewing a Vikings bar but I truly believe that the beer bread and Hop Knot are elite, regardless of where you're from, Wisconsin goofs included.
4	Ah, Four Peaks. Awesomeness.The first time I went here was during World Cup 2010. It was packed because of the USA/Algeria game, which created quite the atmosphere. Service was pretty good. We got a table fairly quickly, and the server was always checking back and forth despite how crowded they were. The only issue I think there might be is that this place doesn't have adequate parking, so if you are going when ASU is playing UA or something of the sort, then arrive VERY early.The food is awesome. Probably one of the best breakfasts I ever had, and it wasn't really anything unique. Just some eggs, toast, and potatoes, but they were all just done extremely well. The only downside is the price, it cost like $8 for what normally costs like $5-6 elsewhere. The portions weren't ridiculously huge either, but overall it was worth the atmosphere. I've played soccer with the owner a few times and he's a cool guy.I would pretty much ALWAYS come here, if they were open for EPL games!
5	I loved Four Peaks more when I drank copious amounts of beer.  However, even if I have become a one pint a sitting guy, I still adore Four Peaks with equal ardor.  At one point I sampled all the beers when I friend visiting from out of town.  That's really unnecessary now because I wouldn't order anything other than the Peach Ale.  Call me a sissy.  I will be very content with my fruity and wheaty libation.  You can have your manly stout.  The food is stellar too.  The cheese beer bread might be a caloric disaster, but its one of those Beauty falls in love with the Beast things.  One simply cannot resist.  I am also a fan of the nachos, fries, and chicken tenders.It is usually a busy place so come when you think there will be less people, but keep in mind this place is almost never empty.
4	5 stars for beer3 stars for food
5	I have been on a brewery kick lately and my friend loves this place, so I was stoked that she took me here.The brewery was live and kicking and the wait was short. I was amazed how large the place was. Once we were seated, we ordered a couple of drinks - Winter Wobbler (seasonal) for me and a Sunbru for her. Both were tasty. At that point, I was starving and could eat anything. We shared a order of hummus for apps, which was really good especially the pita bread and I ordered a Four Peaks cheeseburger with pepper jack cheese which came with beer battered fries while my friend got the 8th Street Ale chicken strips. Everything was delicious. We did order a second round of drinks. This time I tried the Kilt Lifter while my friend got the same Sunbru. The Kilt Lifter was great and I liked it more than the Winter Wobbler.The food and beer is definitely better than Gordon Biersch. I'm a fan. Now I have to see if I can find Four Peaks beers in California.
4	I really enjoy going to Four Peaks, though it's always packed.  We usually go with a big group but they are pretty quick to seat us.  The service is usually hit or miss.  I usually go for the Hefeweizen (I like SanTan's better) or the Peach Ale and both are very good.  The beer bread is awesome if you are going to eat.  Anything that comes with or on beer bread become infinitely better.  I find this is a great place for groups since everyone can find something to like, the atmosphere is wonderful (especially in the cooler months) and the food and drink is always good.  This is a great place to introduce friends and family to the valley as well!
5	Favorite little brewery. Awesome brews. Great atmosphere. Not dead, but not absolutely insane (even when it's busy it has a bit of a laid back vibe). And three more words. BEEF TRI TIP. The best, most filling and delicious and AMAZING  meal under $20 I have ever eaten. Try it!
5	Unfortunately I don't get enough chances to come here but, I'd say I have been here about a dozen times and each time I have never been let down.  The beer is great, the food is great, especially their french fries and the crowd is OK.  Yes it is in Tempe and you're stuck with all the ASU kids but I like to come here in the summer time or when ASU is on break because it is the locals that are here.  It is not the nicest brewery that I have ever been to, but what they lack in aesthetics they make up for in beer.  A must go to place if you're in the Tempe area!
3	This is pretty good grub in line with a typical pub in terms of quality and options. The beer is good and the environment is pleasant with always a good crowd. Parking can be a little challenging with a limited parking out back in the lot and a mishmash of street parking. There is a nice outside patio and always a nice upbeat feel.
5	This place is well worth the drive from anywhere in the valley, it's a welcoming spot for all, very laid back and plenty of seating. with excellent brews and menu it's easy to understand why so many of us locals love this place.
5	Four Peaks is the perfect microbrewery! I've never had a beer from this place that I didn't like, and the food is top notch. Plus, no matter what night you hit up Four Peaks there's always a decent and fun crowd around you. It's also right off ASU's campus, but you never feel like you're at a college bar. This location is a pain to park at, but once you get inside it's worth the small inconvenience. You can park on 8th street, but you may end up a distance from the bar unless you're lucky. I did have one shock when I arrived. It's been quite some time since I've been to the Tempe location, and it turns out it's a much more legit restaurant than it used to be. We were greeted by a hostess, and given a buzzer to wait for a table. This isn't the free-for-all I remember Four Peaks was when I was in college. We were seated outside. It was a cool night, but the patio was loaded with heaters. With generous portions, the place is really good about sharing. My girlfriend and I met another couple here. We all ordered beers, nachos as an appetizer, and then both couples split a meal. Even though we split the meals, all four diners were given full size sides with the orders. I had half of a swiss and mushroom turkey burger. It was perfectly cooked to the point that I almost forgot I was having turkey instead of beef. The nachos were also great. But there was one negative, they brought the meals out just minutes after the nachos. The bad pacing for trying to keep everything hot while you're eating it. It also made it tough because there was no room on the table. But everything is so good, I'll let it slide.
5	Great service, Great beers & Great experience!Beers - 5Service - 5+++Atmosphere - 5Food - 4We brought our group of 18 into Four Peaks early on a Sunday night for my wife's birthday.  The place is really cool, but was totally PACKED inside and out.  Yet, all the staff were SUPER helpful in getting us a table, beers, and food.  They were also VERY knowledgeable about the beers.  And, all the servers in our section pitched-in to make sure that everything went as smooth as possible for our large group.The Hop Knot IPA was the big hit with our crowd.  We ordered quite a few pints and pitchers.  I also thought the Baltic Porter was an awesome Winter Seasonal and the 8th Street Pale was super easy drinking.  As a beer geek & beer judge, gotta say that the brewers at Four Peaks  have it down for taste and drinkability.  Normally, I'm not a filtered beer fan for pub drinking (just don't see the need & you can get some thin, flavorless beers.)  But, they know how to craft a proper filtered pint here, which for me, is saying a lot.Everyone thought the food was good and much better than most pub fare (some did comment that the cheese pizza and fish & chips were a bit too greasy.)  But, everyone enjoyed themselves and we had a great birthday party.  We would definitely go back and recommend Four Peaks to our friends.Thanks Four Peaks!
3	Good food. SUPER crowded on Sunday mornings, Saturday nights, and any game day, so arrive more than a 1/2 hour early if you want to find parking and sit by a TV. It's definitely a Vikings bar so go here to watch all your Vikings games - if you show up rooting for the other team you'll be sorely out of place and glared at.The bad thing is...their beers aren't all that great. They are served warm - not nearly cold enough. If they improved that this place would be 5 stars.
5	Best brewery in AZ by far.  Original in house micro brews and delicious upscale bar food.  This place always has about 10 brew on tap including seasonals, pumpkin porter around Halloween is epic.  Other than that the Kilt is the best.  Location is in cool old factory building but wish there was A/C in the summer only drawback here.  Good place for an intellectual conversation with one of the ASU professors.
4	I have been a fan since the brewery opened, kilt lifter is my fav. They are upping the anty with a better chef & the menu. Last time I was there the special was pulled rabbit pita. The burgers are always rockstar great, if rabbit doesn't please your palate. All in all a nice place to be.
4	I only stopped in here for a little while with a few friends, but from what I saw, it's a pretty chill spot.There was a lot of people there, though it was the afternoon before New Years Eve.. still, judging by other reviews, it has a healthy population of people often. The parking kinda sucks because if there is no room on the street, you have to park in the back and walk around the building and up the street a bit, but no biggie.I will have to go again so I can judge the service and try the food.. which I hear is good. We shall see!
3	Alright-- I'm a beer lover and generally a foodie. The food here is EXCELLENT, the beer is VERY good, and I've had both good service and slow service. Generally, though, the service is good.However, too many frat boys doing car bombs. Not my scene. I want to enjoy a good craft brew with some great food. If you're like me, you'll avoid the weekends. My NUMBER ONE complaint about this place is that I brought in a growler and wanted to purchase their beer. They refused me because it wasn't 4 Peaks branded.  I have 4 peaks growlers at home, but it was dirty, so we didn't grab it. When I asked 3 other local breweries what they would do in a similar situation, I was told they would replace the growler or simply fill it. I can understand not wanting to fill a blank growler but refuse me your product? Ah, no thanks. I made a trip to Tempe (which was out of my way), specifically to fill a growler of beer.  We went home with SunUp beer that night instead.
3	Compared to average micro-breweries on the West Coast, Four Peaks is slightly below average. It probably wouldn't survive that long if they had to compete against their breweries. Having said that, they are probably the second best in Arizona (Oak Creek in Sedona is way better if beer is the only criterion). Their beers are consistently OK but sometimes their porters and stouts are a little skunky. Seasonal beers are good but I have never had a great one.I like the building it's in but it sure is noisy when everyone is talking. They don't have live entertainment which may be a good thing since they don't need more noise. Unless you are there with friends it's kind of a boring place just to hang out, although there are plenty of cute college girls to look at. Burgers are excellent. Service is OK but I usually go when it's not that busy.
5	Our number one place for drinks and eats in Tempe. Always the spot to go for birthdays, celebrations, and post sporting events. We haven't had a bad beer or a bad meal here. Outdoor seating (with heaters in winter) is a nice option and you can reserve the back area for large groups/parties. In the last few years, they put out a hostess stand and there is a longer wait for seating, but at least you can take the buzzer to the bar while you wait. The parking lot is very small, but you can find a spot on one of the streets nearby without too much effort.
5	We went on a Friday night and it was PACKED. We waited about 20 minutes, but boy was it worth it. We had a little trouble finding parking - it's located on a small street and I think most people had to find street parking. I really liked the ambiance of the place, though. Everyone was there to have a good time and people would be enjoying a beer while waiting for seats. Waiting for seats took a while, but once we sat down, the food was really quick to arrive. I think the service was okay - it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't fantastic either. I attribute that to the fact that the place was just sooo busy. We ordered Brickhouse wings for appetizer. I ordered the Italian Beef Beer Bread and my boyfriend ordered Bleu Light Special Burger. We also shared a pint of the Hop Knot IPA. The beer was exquisite. It had a rich flavor that you can really enjoy. I definitely want to go back and try their other ales. The wings were really good, too - a little spicy for my liking (we sampled all three flavors), but a good starter nonetheless. My boyfriend's burger was all right, kind of like any other burger. But the beer battered fries it came with was PHENOMENAL. It's definitely a must-try if you go. Even in England, I'd never had such flavorful beer battered fries. I also loooved my Italian Beef Beer Bread. It came in a wrap instead of sandwich. The wrap was soft and had a nice texture, and it was stuffed to the brim with tender roast beef and medley of cheeses and veggies. I just had my left overs for lunch, and it was still amazing. Definitely will go back!
5	Hop Knot!    I graduated around the time this place opened and feel like a founding father in a way.  I reacquainted myself with Four Peaks during the 2010 Homecoming weekend.  I am happy to see the place doing well. Four Peaks is everything a local craft brewery should be.  It is slightly hidden in its location off the main drags of Rural and University.  Their is a lack of pretentiousness by both the restaurant staff and the patrons.  They have definitely classed the place up a bit since the mid 90s.  I missed the dart board, as we used to get drunk and play cricket.  Maybe that was a safety concern.  Above all else, the beer is very good here.  And with the death of Bandersnatch, Four Peaks is the place to go for some great local beer.  Almost forgot!  The food quality was a pleasant surprise!  Great huge portioned nachos!
5	I was there this weekend for the Tempe Beerathalon with my husband who was one of the runners, I think they did  a great job in keeping up the orders for about 150 + people.  It was a Saturday and it was already starting to get busy, but they accommodated the whole group.  There was a slight confusion on our order, but all was forgiven due to the circumstances.  I was just happy they were able to host the event there.I had also been here once before after winning a gift certificate for $50.00.  We happen to go during happy hour and we ate and drank so much and it still didn't total the whole amount.  We were so happy that we tipped our waiter 20 bucks, walked to the light rail and just walked around Mill Ave for awhile.
4	Went with a group of about 15 last night after going rock climbing at Phoenix Rock Gym. First time I'd ever been to Four Peaks and had an enjoyable time! We had a great server and my burger was amazing! The Poppin Burger (I think) has a ton of cream cheese on it, onion blossom strings, and jalepeno slices the size of small children. I was sniffling after the first few bites...but well worth it!We had a bunch of random beers between all of us, with the peach and raspberry being the favorites. This may have had something to do with us being female...
4	I come here to feel young and it works...but often I leave, or wake-up, feeling old.  That's what great beer, much better than average bar food, and a young staff who think of you as that funny (and hopefully not creepy) older guy or gal, as opposed to potential date material, will do. ;)Four Peaks, both locations, puts out a consistently fun atmosphere with sporting events, including NFL and MLB games of all teams, and a good vibrant and happy crowd.  Plus, Tempe has a great patio filled with young and old alike.Add to that, the food is well above standard pub fare. They often have great specials, particularly for lunch and brunch.  The burger with egg is amazing for a hangover...plus a bloody mary and a RAJ IPA chaser.I come here for the beer, in particular the RAJ IPA, the Double Knot, Kilt Lifter (to have something in the opposite end of the spectrum from an IPA), and seasonals.  (They also have a full bar, so even non-beer geeks can be quenched.)  I keep coming back because not only is the beer consistently good, but so is the food and the service.So, grab a friend, grab a growler, and make yourself feel young or old, whatever suits you best.  And really, don't be offended when they card you at the door, be happy that you are still getting carded.
4	This place was pretty kick ass.  I tried a few of their beers, had a nice burger, and the ambiance was exactly what i think of when I think of a brewary.  You know kind of warehouseish with a lot of TVs for watching sports. The Raj IPA and the Kilt Lifter were two beers that I really enjoyed and I'd recommend to any beer drinker =)All in all, the place had a brewery feel to it, the food was your normal pub grub, and the beer was good!   I'd definitely come back the next time I'm in Tempe.
4	Excellent beers. Excellent food... the food is way better than the typical breweries. This place is always packed but I've never had to wait to be seated here. Well once, but it was at the other location so I'm not going to count that. I really dig the chicken strips here. It's beer battered and quite tasty. Probably my favorite chicken strips ever. The chipotle ranch that comes with it is bomb. Creamy and slightly spicy from the chipotle. I also like the beer battered fries that come with it. Just about anything I've tried here is good... from burgers (they make a pretty damn good jalapeno popper burger), to wings, salads, and pizzas. And accompanied with their awesome beers... it makes one pleasant meal!Only downside is the parking. There is no lot... only street parking. Grant it there are plenty of street parkings around but it might require some walking.
5	My wife and visited Four peaks for dinner this past Saturday on a date night and it was out of this world.  The food was amazing the server was attentive without being annoying and the beer was perfect.  I tried the flight and really liked the hop knot and the 8th ST.  (Kiltlifter is already in my beer hall of fame club).My only complaint, open a resteraunt on the west side and save me from Rock Bottom and Gordon Biersch.
5	Ahh Memories... I miss here since I moved from Arizona. Literally, best beer you can find in AZ. I went to Germany for training. I  miss Four Peaks :) (Yes even in Germany)My favorites are Kilt Lifter and Arizona Peach Ale. I can drink a pitcher of Pitch ale myself.Food : I like veggie pesto pizza a lot. Also, Chicken strip with chipotle sauce is food for late night. They have a good burgers too.
5	Never a bad experience! Even in the summer when you're sweating your ass off since its not air conditioned/outside.  The beers are all pretty good.  I definitely prefer some to others but it seems as though everyone has different opinions.  There is sorta something for everyone.  I like the 8th St and the Hop Knot.  Sometimes the peach is pretty refreshing too although I never thought I would like a peach beer.  My bf loves the Kilt Lifter.  I am really not a fan of the hefeweizen but I must be in the minority because its the one I see most commonly on tap at other bars. I haven't tried everything on the food menu but I haven't been disappointed in anything I've had.  The fries are really good and I LOVE the dipping sauce they give you for the chicken tenders.  I suppose my only food complaint would be that the pizza I tried was a little too cheesy.  Still tasted great I just couldn't help but think about all the fat and calories.
5	Great Beer! Best Chicken Strips you can find! Enough said.
5	I made the mistake of relocating to the east coast a few months ago.    There are few thoughts about life in Arizona that cause a pit in my stomach like when I think about a warm night on the patio at Four Peaks.  I'm not really sure what it is about a barren warehouse converted to a brewery.  But it's magical. I walk around the cold suburbs of DC and am overwhelmed by the thought of a Tap Room Tenderloin (blue cheese crumbles on the side).  Or a cold pint of Sunbru on a warm summer afternoon.  Better yet, ordering a Winter Wobbler after your waitress wobbles in the aisle to demonstrate how good it is.  I arranged to meet a girl here on a first date.  We enjoyed numerous pitchers over a couple of years.  We fell in love here and she even arranged a quick behind-the-scenes tour as a Christmas present.  But she also convinced me to move outside the Four Peaks distribution area.  When we decided to move, we had our going away party here.So my suggestion to Yelpers in the Phoenix area is to not just visit Four Peaks in Tempe or even the Grill and Tap in Scottsdale.  But have a beer, fall in love but never move away.
4	Yea it still retains its 4 stars and this has been confirmed with my love of the Oatmeal Stout. I guess I never realized how good a pint of this stout but had a pint of it last friday and enjoyed every sip of it. Yes it's dark, but it's medium bodied and the flavor is delicious! omg i'm talking beer. oh my. Like always their beer battered fries are simply the best especially with Sweet Jalapeno Ranch dip on the side it just makes the experience awesome.But... this time after many visits over a period of five years, yes the parking sucks and during the summers it gets sticky with the misters and the large fans attempting to circulate air inside and on the patio. this time me and dani ordered dessert. The idea of dessert was aroused when we were waiting for our pager to buzz while hanging out by the bar, dani with her regular peach beer and my hefweizen. we saw a slice of chocolate fabness on a plate passing by, so, we made note and agreed that we would not really eat our oversized entrees and ensure we'd have room to eat some cake! Well the agreement was more of i'd have a little cake but nevertheless. Had the fish and chips which were DELISH... YUMMY! and we finally order the cake of least resistance the oatmeal stout tiramisu! Now this slice of tiramisu is meant to be shared by a village of dieters or a gang of dessert whores because it's mammoth prehistoric huge. The chocolate topping with the whipped cream, tiramisu filling and oatmeal stout deliciousness makes this dessert almost feel like a sexxxy party in your mouth, the flavor is fireworks good! ok i'm salivating for a some now. BUT yes get a slice and ensure you and your dessert gang eat some. so i end this with. OATMEAL STOUT!
5	This place is ALWAYS busy and packed!!  Be prepared for a long wait for a table.But once you get in and get seated, they've TVs galore. All of their food is massive, and everything I've had here is really good.  My first trip to Four Peaks was to quell a burger craving. Craving quenched - great variety of burgers. Subsequent trips have all been good - nachos, chicken fingers, wraps.  My most recent trip this past weekend, I had their margherita pizza - their version has white sauce and garlic, thin crust, one size, about 10" - and, as usual, Four Peaks came through, it was damn good. Of course, it's a brewery, and they have great beer. If you're a beer fan, you'll love their beers from amber to stout.
5	I loved this place. The food, beer, service, and overall ambiance all worked for me. Both me and my friend had the salmon BLT and I got the Kiltlifter. The sandwich and the beer were absolutely delicious. There is nothing quite like enjoying a cold brewski outside with good friends and good food, and Four Peaks delivers that. Its worth driving around looking for parking, don't let that stop you. I will definitely be going back here in the future to try their seasonal beers (they were in between seasons when I went), buy fresh-brewed beer to take home, and try some more of their delectable menu. One of my favorite spots in Tempe by far.
5	Unbelievable.  I found this place on Yelp, so thank you, Yelpers!Went in on Thursday, found the staff attentive and friendly.  In fact, I think they might have kept serving me well past my ability to drive.  The food, spectacular!  Beers? Spectacular!  Went back Sunday after the half marathon for the playoff games.  Took less than the hour the desk said to get a seat for nine, and the pizza was awesome.  The previous lamb and sausage pasta was also super.This place rocks, only downside is the parking.  I hear it isn't air conditioned for the summer.  If the lure of the land truly does draw me out to AZ, I will update this.
4	I really dig their 8th Street Ale, and the food here is great! Got the calamari last night and then some pork adobado. Both were home runs! Loved the sauces for the calamari, which came in sticks cut from a calamari steak rather than the typical rings and tentacles. This place is a bit of a drive for me, but is well worth it every time!
5	If you love a great Elk burger, this is the place to go.  Great beer too.
5	We took about 10 people to 4 peaks the week before Christmas for lunch.  It was really busy, but they got us right in.  The service was top notch and so was the food.  We will be back for sure!  Can't wait to try brunch.
5	there is only 2-4 spots that i make sure each out of town visitor gets to try as local fare - LGO, Breakfast Club, The Grind, and Four Peaks. This place is by bar the most frequented establishment i visit in the valley. i never wait long despite there always being a line. I've tried 8-9 menu items and have only been disappointed in 1 (a daily special of bratwurst hoagies) but that was my fault. By the time i had been served the heavy/fatty menu item, i had already indulged in 1/2 plate of fries and some artichoke dip. I'm not a beer fan but crave their beer. Best french fries in town. I crave their nachos with blackened chicken and their white pizza. And with their uh-mazing outdoor patio and the sunshines and weather that we get 6mths a year...Boom.
5	This place rules.I love a non coparte business,escpcially locally owned and brewed beer and killer food.the daily specials are the b*MB.cometh staff is good to look at and always friendly,the managers and owner are always walking around making sure everything is ok.and you can grab beer to go.perfect,gotta watch out for that raj IPA,strong,I call it "no knees"eat drink and be merry,vi la vida
4	I came here for the homemade Peach Ale and the Stoutamisu - and i loved both!I'm not a beer or ale drinker, but the Peach Ale is a drink i could get used to! It's light, refreshing and has a prominent peach flavor, which is seriously tasty :)As for the stoutamisu - i'm a huge fan of traditional tiramisu, so wasn't sure if i'd like this version. Once again, Four Peaks has proven me wrong (and so did my brother who insisted I try both). In this version, the lady fingers are soaked in Oatmeal Stout and has the most incredible chocolate cream covering the outside along with chocolate shavings! This is an awesome twist on the classic, especially since I usually don't like stout, i happily ate this dessert :) As for the portion, it's huge - i think one slice was the length of my forearm and the width my forearms combined!
5	Four Peaks has been one of my favorite places for years now. Local beers are awesome and this place does it best. Although my absolute FAVORITE is the Pumpkin Porter seasonal, in off season I'm happy with any of their beer, but usually stick with some Peach Ale. It gets crazy crowded on game days (of all sports and all teams) but always worth the wait. They have the best spinach artichoke dip I've ever had. The servers are 100% hit or miss. Usually I have a great service, but occasionally I've had terrible service (bad servers but still great food/beer). Oh, and parking is kind of rough... but even then I cannot give this place less than 5 stars b/c of their consistent food and drinks. Oh! And Sunday Brunch... bloody marys and peak's mimosas. Seriously, do it.
5	Great food and beer.
5	Who doesn't like Four Peaks!? They have a beer for every taste and a full bar if beer is not your thing.  Hey ladies the Peach Ale is a nice non-scary "girly" beer.The food is always delicious. Great burgers! I really enjoy both of the beer breads. Spinach dip!The only negatives for a hungry customer are the parking and the wait, but once you get in who cares, right!?
4	The only negative aspect I can see, is the lack of close parking.The Salmon BLT was perfect, and went perfectly with my Hefeweizen, even though the menu didn't pair the two.  I will return to indulge again.My buddy's Chicken Beer Sandwich was a game changer due to their fresh baked beer bread, which was kind of like a soft thin focaccia.  The sandwich was served 'wrap' style.  His order came with beer battered fries, and they were great.They only have fresh lemons to squeeze into your Hefe, so you'll have to bring your own oranges.  And remember... pulp can move, baby!
4	First time a Four Peaks and I have to say, not too shabby. We got a table on the patio straight away and had our beers within a couple mins.  The Hop Knot IPA was good, very floral and hoppy in the nose, but not much on the back end; not a whole lot of body.  My burger actually was cooked the way that it was ordered!!!  Good experience I would have to say.
5	Three reasons this place is outstanding:1.  The beer is top notch.  A wide variety of styles made on site.2.  The food is the best bar food I have ever had.3.  The old creamery building is beautiful, only made better by all of the giant fermenters inside.--Recommendations:a.  Sit outside if the weather is nice.  Great patio!b.  Order the beer style you are in the mood for.  If you cant decide, get the sampler.c.  Appetizer-  Spinach artichoke dip (best in town)d.  Entree- Chicken Beer Bread Sandwichwith fries and a side of jalapeno dressinge.  Dessert- Stout milkshake
4	This place was really good. I had a hop knot and a kilt lifter both full flavored beers. I liked the hop knot more cause I love IPA's. I had a the four peaks cheeseburger and that was awesome too. The outdoor seating was nice. Oh yeah, if you like the beer, yo can purchase a jug to go. I'll definitely be back soon.
5	Four Peaks is an awesome place to go with friends for dinner and of course great beer!  They have an awesome selection of ales ~ IPA's that are brewed on site. The atmosphere and decor and decor are cool. I recommend setting on their patio ~ weather permitting and getting some apps and try the sample orders.  Then pick a beer you like best ~ I like the hop knot but then there;s the kilt lifter, and then order some great grub!  They have really good sandwiches and other good eats.
5	Excellent food. Excellent beer. Excellent service.  Enough said.
5	GREAT local craft beer (hopheads, you'll love the Hop Knot IPA).  The food holds it's own.  Always stop here on our trips to AZ.  Owners are Vikings fans!
5	I love the beer here first, nice selection and seasonal. In my opinion always support your local businesses first. The fish and chips here is probably the best I had so far and for $10 you get huge portions. I will come back here every time I am back in town! Beware since it is so close to ASU campus this place gets packed at night. Bring your ID at night or you will not get in, but you are automatically 21+ if you park next to the bouncer and walk in front of him to the place!
4	I went here on a date and it was a great atmosphere for people who aren't stuffy.  Except the heating on the patio -- Geeze! Turn the heaters down people, this is Phoenix. We did request the heater be turned down, much to the delight of the other tables near us but then a random server came around and turned them back on. This was my only complaint for the evening.The service was attentive but a little slow - considering how packed they were it was more than reasonable. I ordered the pretzels which were good and my date had a burger and fries, which he said were pretty good too and pretty standard fare for the place.If you can avoid driving here, do so. The parking situation is the absolute worst.
5	Took this recommendation from the guy working the front desk at the hotel.  This place is huge and was filled with every walk of life - really good atmosphere for a fun dinner.We got the nachos with blackened chicken for an appetizer.  It's big, so bring an appetite or at least 3 people to much on them.  For dinner my girlfriend got the french dip which was great, the au just was really good and the sandwich was a bundle of savory deliciousness.  I got the fish and chips; they weren't out of this world but they got the job done, especially after a few beers.For drinks, get their Hop Knot and Kilt Lifter.  The Peach was also really good, but your lady might be more into it than you.
4	The beer bread "wraps or rolls or....?" are awesome. I get the same one every time and I go with the pasta salad (also awesome) for my side. Nothing like some beer bread and a pitcher of some hand crafted beer on a nice Friday afternoon for lunch with your boss and co-workers.
5	Best bar in Tempe.  There is no place around brewing better beer (try the peach ale!).  They have very tasty food as well!  I like to go with the fish n chips or maybe the southwest egg rolls.  Beware my fellow Chi-Town sports fans though, this place turns into a Vikings bar on sundays...
4	Great place for a great micro brew! The atmosphere is really laid back and fun - just a nice relaxing place to catch a buzz. Seating both indoors and out on the patio. Next time I need to try the food...the beer is so filling I usually seem to just "drink my dinner".
5	Great food. Great beer. Great atmosphere. I love this place for a cozy lunch or for a fun happy hour with friends.
5	5-star rating for the beer!Beer tasting platter--what a freakin' awesome idea. Forget food! Just order this smorgasbord of delicious yeasty-ness and drink your dinner. Some Phoenix-based friends took us to this brewery for dinner one evening and that is when we discovered... the Four Peaks beer tasting platter. This idea is not a foreign one for mini-breweries like Four Peaks, but the quality offered here is second to none. I wish I could remember the names of the ones we liked the best... but we finished the lot before our dinner arrived, leading for a semi-sloppy evening. All in all, just try it for yourselves--you won't be disappointed.
5	Love the food, beer and atmosphere! In an odd location but there is no reason to avoid this place! Can't wait to go again.... oh and wish i lived closer!
3	Meh. The beer's good. Food ok. I'll go here, but never my 1st choice. Or 5th...
5	Beers were delicious...and the roast beef sandwich on their beer bread was ridiculous. Tasted like a philly cheese steak...with their beer bread. The pretzels were delicious as well...i definitely recommend stopping in.
4	Ahh..can't go wrong with Four Peaks.  Local brewery that's been around and serving patrons of ASU and beer connoisseurs for years.  Who ever was their mixologist did a wonderful job; food and beer goes hand and hand very well.  The place is always popping!  Try getting a seat - gotta wait, but well worth it.  Unless you hit-up the bar; first come first serve.  The service is pretty good even when the place is full.  Hot bartenders and quick service -- can't complain!  How about the ambience - well down home fun and chill.  Point is I appreciate a bar that doesn't care what you wear as long as you come with a shirt and pants/shorts/skirt whatever! - Enjoy!
4	Best Spinach/Artichoke dip EVER! and when I have company in town this place is a great choice. My family & friends are always super impressed with the food and the beer. The college crowd and the limited parking is a bit annoying, but again, that dip with a pint of Kilt Lifter makes it worth it.
5	this place has one of the best happy hours ever! and st pattys day at 7am see you then!
4	I don't understand how this place does so well in the location it is at.  I had drove right past 8th St b/c I could not see the sign.  Beer/food is good - I like the fries.  Their happy hour sucks - $1 off beer and nothing for food.  Get's busy, even at 4PM.
5	After my experience at Papago Brewery, I now spend my time at Four Peaks any time I am in the mood for a good beer. I like their Arizona Peach Ale and their Hefeweizen. I usually order their veggie pesto pizza or chicken enchiladas. I know your probably thinking what I was thinking, enchiladas at a brewery? They are delicious. I always take home the leftovers, which are just as good the next day. My husband is predictable, he always orders the salmon b.l.t. Con - I wish Four Peaks had a better happy hour. Maybe 1/2 price appetizers, which would bring me in more often. Regardless, I still keep going back.
4	The eggs benedict delivers!
5	Absolutely love this place and have since our days back at ASU.  Beer's good, food's good, atmosphere rocks, service is great ... they've got it all.
4	Ok This place was recomended by our hotel, taxi driver and a waiter at Chilis.We decided to check it out Sat. night and we were amazed at how many damn people were there.  We had to park a couple blocks away.  We put our names and were told it would be 45 min. Not bad at all.  We went to the bar to sample the local brews and came accross some guys that gave us their rervations.I got a pizza and it was damn good.  My friends had burgers and they liked them as well.  Overall the food was great anx the beer was better.  Five stars would be given if the jack ass waiter took care of us.  He had friends to bs with and spent a lot of time watching the NCAA tournament.  I left with a full belly and a six pack of some good beer.
4	I have been to breweries all around CO and visit Four Peaks when in AZ. Great beers, fantastic patio, very good service.
5	This place is the jam.You want a spot to come hang with your buddies? This is it. Great beers. Delicious food. A fun vibe. You have it all here.One thing that is consistent with most brewpubs, is that on the menu, there are beer suggestions for most of the foods. Now, for me, that's not a big deal because I am a craft beer guy, and I don't need help pairing beers and foods...but I can't say the same for others. And this is very helpful for people. PLUS, I'm not perfect. Maybe I can discover a pairing that will help me.I had the Chicken Nachos and they were DELICIOUS! They didn't skimp on the amount of chicken, and it wasn't overloaded with cheese. PERFECTION!It gets crowded on weekends, and parking can be a bit tricky. You may have to circle around the neighborhood and walk back. It sucks. But, it's worth the walk.Oh yeah, and apparently this is a huge Vikings bar. Don't give Brett Favre your cell phone #. No one needs to see those pics.
5	going to miss this place when i move. best overall restaurant/bar in AZ...with the most memories.
4	the beer was good and  it was a beautiful day so sitting outside was nice. the spinach artichoke dip was good but VERY rich-a nice place to spend  weekend day. it was packed at 3pm so i'm assuming it would be worse at night. not bad for a local brewery
2	The reason I rated this so low is because I can never just get a table here.  It's always busy, it's cramped, and loud.  Sure the beer is great, and the food too... but it's never just easy to eat here.  Parking on the street stinks, and then waiting a half hour for a table is frustrating when there is no room for you to stand anywhere.  Otherwise, sure it's a fine bar.. but there are other bars in Tempe.
5	64 words: Spinach artichoke dip and chicken fingers (yes chicken fingers sounds like a 6-year-old's meal but theirs are super awesome) and lots of beer but not too much beer because it's heavy and you really don't want to puke foamy kiltlifter all over your flip flops, which I know you are wearing because it's about 283 degrees in Tempe between April and September!
4	Good food, beer is even better, nice vibe.  Only problem is parking can get scarce since it's basically in a neighborhood and the line outside can get long.
5	This is such a fun place.  Whether you're hanging out with one friend at the bar or a group of friends at a table - you're going to have a good time.  Even if you take away the amazing beer - the food is great too.  They have your standard bar food like the 8th Street Ale Chicken Strips (my fav), fish & chips and burgers.  But then there are the Salmon BLT, the Carne Adovada and Chicken Enchiladas - AMAZING!The icing on the cake is that the staff is great as well.  Always nice and quick to give suggestions.
5	from their site: "if you don't like these, then you must not like beer."blunt, but warranted.  four peaks offers most common microbrews and throws in a few rotating seasonals.  if you don't like most of them, you're probably better off with a bud light; if you don't like any, you must not like beer.my favorites were their hop knot IPA and kilt lifter.  both were unrestrained, west coast style - the hop knot loaded with potent hops and the kilt lifter with malt.  just awesome stuff, especially underneath the unrelenting arizona sun.they don't slouch on the menu either, though i was too busy floating in the beer sampler to give the food much of a chance.  for any non-beer drinkers or for any beer drinkers with bottomless bellies, the oatmeal stout milkshake is a must-have.
5	4 Peaks, thank you for existing. You serve me delicious beer and food that would stand alone as 5 star class. Your salmon BTL makes me question my prior understanding of beautiful.  Your only flaw is a testament to your goodness, you can be a little too busy from time to time. You are a jewel of Tempe and I salute you. Cheers.
5	I don't give five stars out often, but when I do.Anyways long story short, if you like really good craft beers and great food, this is the place!I've been going to Four Peaks since the owner(s) used to sleep in a cot in the back room.It can get crowded, probably the only downside, but the atmosphere, patio and overall vibe make it worth any wait you might have to endure.Check it out, you will be happy you did!
4	I didn't start coming here until I was 21 and it was worth the wait! I am not a huge beer drinker but the peach beer is delicious! All the red wines are great with the food (which is quite scrumptious as well)! Happy hour is a great time to go. It is always packed though, no matter what time of day so parking can be hard to find sometimes. Four Peaks is definitely worth walking a block or two for!
5	Oh four peaks brewery how I love thee...Let me count the ways!1. Always #1...your delicious foamy, cold beer. There hasn't been one I've tried that I haven't liked. From the kilt lifter to the hefe to the peach...I even love the oatmeal stout - and I'm very picky about my stouts.2. You have have the amazing food I want to eat after a good night out. Three words: Beer battered fries. And actually I'll throw in the nachos, too. Both are good actually with or without a good night out.3. Great atmosphere...it can be intimate, it can be great for parties. Outdoor and indoor seating. Unique and cozy feel, yet open and large. Setting for any of my needs. 4. Amazing beer.This is probably why four peaks is my go to spot. It's also very affordable, great for the local college students. The pros here keep me from grumbling at the parking space around it and how packed it always seems to be. But, I always leave with a few more good memories, happy stomach and a 6 pack of kilt lifter.
4	East Valley Residents: We are lucky to have this Cornerstone to AZ microbrews right in the heart of Tempe.  Its off the beaten path so you wont find this place filled with frat boys and party crashers.  To know the beer is to love this place, but to try the food is to be OBSESSED! Not just your typical pub food.  Also, the lay out is wonderful... The patio is partially covered or fully open.  Late night happy hour on pitchers, pints, and apps are a win. I'm actually going to late happy hour tonight for some house made chicken fingers and edamame with a pitcher of Raj. :)
4	The sampler was great, lots of flies this time of year... climbing all around...lunch was salad and half turkey sandwich on beer bread..the bread was good.. soooo much mayo.. of course, tomato not in season..my lunch friends seemed to enjoy their lunch, popper burger good.. all in all, nice place to eat outside.. go for the brew!!
5	This is one of my favorite places! I've been there tons of times, and always have a great experience. The beer is awesome, and the food is really good too! Best chicken fingers around. The hummus plate is a great variation on the regular bar food too. The service is always good, the crowd is friendly, and overall it has a nice laid back vibe. (Prices aren't bad either)PS You MUST try the brunch!
5	I love this place they have good food and a nice atmosphere. If you are in the area and want to have a good time stop by here.
5	My wife and I found Four Peaks by chance. We got lucky. The food was great, service was great, and all thr beers rocked. My wife's fav was the Heff and the Arizona Peach. We got a beer glass to remember the occasion and plan to swing by on the way out and grab a growler.
5	Great food, great service, great beer. What more could you ask for? This is by far my favorite place to eat/drink in Tempe. Their Italian beef beer bread is awesome. Surprisingly so is the chicken salad pita along with the pasta salad. As far as beer goes, hop knot is my favorite, but its all awesome. I would recommend getting the beer sampler at first to see what you prefer.
5	No reason for a long review here, with nearly FIVE HUNDRED of them and a four and a half star average, you know it's fantastic. Wonderful, open atmosphere, several incredibly tasty brewskies, enthusiastic staff and surprisingly top notch bar food... five starskies.
3	I came here on a Sunday night for dinner/drinks with a gf. I'm from Seattle so everything was new to me. This location was a bit obscure as most of the parking as out back. My gf (who lives in AZ) told me she'd never go back there as she didn't feel safe in the parking lot and the back alley way. I guess I can see that if you're a local and you're familiar with the area. The place was absolutely packed and we were told it'd be a 20 min wait. It was actually more like 10 mins and we were seated near a TV. I had thought a sports bar would be good to chill and hang out. I didn't realize we'd be surrounded by college boys/men and have to shout to talk over all the loud yelling & TV. The food came quickly & our food wasn't bad. I had the chicken noodle soup (which didn't have much chicken 'or' noodle). It had a 'Hooters' type feel to it as all the waitresses were in a uniform and most were 'booty shorts'. Part of you feels bad for them.. part of you knows that they know what's going on. Not a bad place but definitely gets packed despite how large the place is. We were seated indoors but outdoors seemed very laidback as well.
3	I went here today for lunch with some friends to celebrate the end of our first year of grad school (yay!). The place has a nice atmosphere, and it was nice sitting outside, especially on such a nice day like today was. This place was really busy when we got there today at around 11:45. One of my friends got a burger and said it was pretty good, another got a salmon sandwich which she likes a lot, another got the grilled chicken beer bread sandwich, but she didn't care for it. I tried hers and I thought it was good, although a bit bland. I ordered a special, the BBQ chicken beer bread sandwich with a side salad. The sandwich was good, it had chipotle bbq sauce, chicken, cheddar, and fried onion strings. The onion strings really made the sandwich (well, more like a wrap...but whatever). I got the balsamic dressing, and it was really good. It was probably the best thing we got. At the end we all split the stout tiramisu. This was pretty good, but I like the classic better. It is tiramisu made with chocolate mascarpone and with stout beer. I couldn't taste the stout much after the first couple bites, the chocolate took over. I would definitely come back, as it was decent, and they have beer and whatnot, but it wasn't the best place ever, just alright.
4	Finally made my way over to four peaks, and left nice and tipsy, off all the different beers i had to try..so all in all i can say i left very happy :)Service was great, and i love the inside of this place. I looked over the menu it is "typical" bar food in my opinion, HOWEVER not so typical was hummus so of course i had to try it, and it was flippin fantastic!!! ( yes im a hummus whore,  I have to try a new one every chance i get)Great happy hour prices, i'll be back fa sho!
4	One of my favorite sports/beer/good food places.  This place is always busy.  I love the earthy atmosphere like you're in a massive cave.  All the food I have had there has been amazing.  The quesadillas are dangerously good.  I love cheese and they use lots of it.  The burgers and fries are great.  I love the beer sampler so you get to try all the brewery has to offer.
4	They say its bar food done right - I'd have to say I agree.  Got the burger and wings - both very solid.  Love the beer choices.  The prices are very reasonable for specialty beer and good bar food.  All in all, I am definitely going back regularly!
5	Micro breweries are becoming a dime a dozen in the US. It seems like every city has their versions....This makes for a fun brew finding mission when I visit other cities. Several conversations with friends recommended Four Peaks as the place "[I] will love it!". Reading a dozen different Yelp reviews the expectation grew...When we made the turn on 8th St. I felt lost for a moment before the gleam of light showed a well marked restaurant/brewery. The building is a converted warehouse....and they did a fantastic job converting it into a brewery.If you have never been here before (and over 21) check out the beer sampler. 3oz sampler of each brew on their regular rotation! My favorites are the Hefeweizen and the Arizona Peach. "The Peach" as they call it is probably one of the more unique tastes in beers I have had the pleasure of tasting. The chicken nachos were awesome. Most of the time when I have chicken on nachos the meat ends up slightly dry. In this case the chicken remained moist and flavorful. The fries were battered in some kind of awesome...like the seasoning was baked into it or something. Four Peaks has a friendly and fast waitstaff. As confirmed, the ladies that make up the waitstaff are very attractive..maybe it startled me but it was refreshing to see such great personality (as we were cutting up a little and the waitress we had was fueling the fire with her playful comments...)I was only here briefly for a light snack and a few drinks so I never got to fully experience this place. No question it was a great place that is very locally celebrated...something I personally appreciate. Service was great, food was great, beer was awesome....these are the reasons for 5 starsI will be coming back around here next time I am in town.
5	Home of Kiltlifter.   Four Peaks has it all -- great beer that's now recognized regionally, great food and a great atmosphere.   Pricing is not that bad either.  Large indoor area, large patio.  Worth visiting repeatedly.   Park around back.
4	Four Peaks wow. Very tasty grubbins. Went with several friends. Atmosphere was calm, casual and the service was good too, oh yeah, great beer.
5	Theres always something cool about drinking a locally brewed  beer when you see the big tanks that it was brewed in just sitting in the background! As a huge fan of all kinds of beer this place is heaven on earth, everytime i go there i always get a different beer everytime, i just want pick a favorite, their food is great, the people are always there to have a fun time.......overall whats not to like about this place? NOTHING!!
5	I can't say anything that hasn't been said already. Love this place. Personal favorites 8th street ale, and all of their IPA's. Chicken strips and nachos are some favorite menu items. Their dinner specials are always unique and are typically very good (even if they are occasionally overpriced for bar food). Best bar in town for hanging out with friends and downing a pint.
2	I finally got to this place. The people who took me there raved about the place and are regulars.  Very interesting building-check it out if you go. Nice crowd but not to busy.  Interesting menu. Food was good but nothing exceptional.  The most noticeable thing about eating there was the complete lack of enthusiasm/interest on our server's part.  I thought being on a college campus, the person serving us might been upbeat and cheerful?  Not so. Even when I asked for a take out box, the server sat it down by my plate and walked off without a word.  Maybe if I'd had more than a few beers, I'd have appreciated this place more. There is a real variety of places to go to in Tempe so why go back.  Going back to Four Peaks kind of reminds me of the old expression-buy me another drink,  your still ugly.  The server wasn't buying.
4	Everyone loves Four Peaks Brewery.  And yes, I love it too.  But I love Santan Brewery in downtown Chandler just a little bit more and below are the reasons why (in no particular order)1.  Better parking2.  Better a/c3.  I am never the oldest person there4.  Better hummus5.  Two kinds of cider on tap6.  Better happy hour7.  Plenty of shops to visit while waiting for table (or walking off a buzz)8.  Movie Mondays
5	One our favorite neighborhood bars/breweries. My girlfriend used to live walking distance from here so we used to come at least once a week, and still pretty much do. I cant tell you what on the menu we haven't ordered but we have had pretty much everything, and its ALL good!!My tips for the best, or our faves:**SALMON BLT** TO DIE FOR**pretty awesome cheeseburger****Southwest Chicken rolls** for sure*Pesto veggie pizza**Fish and Chips*The fish and chips are phenomenal. We spoke to a random lady when we were traveling (she was from London) and we were talking about being from AZ. When she heard that, she mentioned Four Peaks and how they had the best fish and chips and they were just as good as in London. We totally agreed, but felt validated that our favorite dish had the British 'seal of approval'!I mean everything, down to the Caesar salad is great. As far as beer, well of course Kiltlifter, but the Hef as well as the Peach beer are so great here.*Free Beer on your birthday* Be sure to take advantage of that!Parking is around back and there is additional street parking, but this place is so busy that I just head around back to begin with. Want to waste no time getting there! There is a very large patio which is fun to people watch, they have misters often. Inside there are at least a dozen huge flatscreens and then there is also a pseudo-indoor outdoor patio, very cool. This place has such great atmosphere, I even think its a cool first date, as I have seen many couples here. My girlfriend and I come all the time, with each other, friends, and even for family dinners. Its a place for everyone! You must go check it out, if you havent been already!!
3	I had just the beers here, which were fine, but I was distracted most of the time because they seated us at a table right next to the restroom. It's hard to enjoy yourself when you are fearing the ever looming stench of being near the restroom, however I never really smelled anything horrid.We ordered a plate of fries and they were actually very good.
5	I loathe the people that dare mark this place off for its parking situation.  People gripe all the time that the Phoenix area has no cool older buildings nor history, so when you get one, you gripe that it wasn't built with a parking lot?  Pssssh.  Man up.That being said, I love Four Peaks.  It's a chunk of PHX that we can actually brag about to people from else.  What other brewery out there has this well-known of a beer (Kiltlifter, the de facto beer of the Phoenix area) and THIS good of food?Steak sandwich is ballin', a delicious and perfectly cooked filet with onion straws and blue cheese (seriously...I dont know how you can live without this once you taste it).  Chicken strips are ballin', they're so perfectly battered and tender, and the chipotle ranch is perfect.  The nachos are a heaping mound of chips and heaven.  They actually took their time to make not just Bar Food, but GOOD Bar Food.  This beats most restaurants, bar be damned.Man up and live a little.  WAH IT'S CROWDED.  WAH I CAN'T FIND PARKING.  Deal with it, life is hard.
5	I had to give it a full 5 stars as I've never had a less than delicious experience here.  I must've been here 3 times in the last 2 months and at least a dozen times before that. I've had nearly every beer they brew and almost every chicken option on the menu. If you like hefeweizen, I HIGHLY suggest you try theirs. It is fantasticly creamy and not too wheaty. It has sorta made me a hefeweizen snob and turned me off of Blue Moon.  ;-)  The chicken roll-up sandwich on their beer bread is probably my favorite sandwich in the valley.  How can you argue with chicken, artichoke hearts and cucumber sauce? Then they add grilled onions, peppers and melty cheese to make it even more delectable!  The boyfriend and I recently tried their pizza on a casual date-night dinner.  I suggested the veggie pesto (again with the artichokes) and he of course suggested the addition of chicken... It was great! I've now had that pizza 3 times and I'm considering expanding my horizons to be fair to the other pizzas. We also recently tried their buffalo chicken wings and no surprise, they were delish.Oh, and I can't forget to mention how they have a fair amount of tv's for your sports viewing pleasure!  I'll be back... Time and time again!
4	The restaurant came as a recommendation after getting a massage at nearby Hand and Stone Massage and Facial Spa (which I would highly recommend!).  I'm glad it did!  I sat at the bar, and even considering I was by myself/out of town I didn't feel out of place.  I think that's mostly because the bartenders were so friendly (especially Jamie, who knew me by name and made me feel welcome).  The restaurant recommendation I got included what to order, and I'm glad I followed directions...my Top Sirloin (or something like that) on Beer Bread (a house speciality) was surprisingly delicious.  I sat next to someone (I expect a regular) who was kind of a character, but it just made me feel like I was getting the true Four Peaks experience.
5	Always. Whenever we're in Phoenix. The Stout milkshake.  Yes.  The best food we had in the whole 9 days we were in Phoenix.
4	4 Peaks is great.  Terrific for lunch, happy hour or dinner. They serve normal bar fair.  The beers are all pretty good. I suggest pumpkin porter in the fall when it is available.
5	I have a truly deep love of this place. Yes, the parking is a bit silly (with the parallel parking/sometimes lack of spaces/a bit of walking to get there), but it is totally worth the ridiculousness of said parking. The service is great, the food is wonderful, and the beer...is amazing. If you need recommendations, I'd recommend trying the 8th st chicken strips as well as (for beers) the hefeweizen and sunbru. So, come down to four peaks and deal with the parking there like a champ, you won't regret it. The only thing I'd keep in mind is that their happy hour is nonsensically busy, so if you're not too fond of parallel parking or walking, happy hour isn't the best time for you to go.
5	Stoutamisu. Espresso & Oatmeal Stout in a cake?!?! Genius!
4	Was in last night. Tried their Peach Ale for the first time, and enjoyed it thoroughly. Service was great, not too crowded. Ordered the gumbo soup, which was hearty and had a good taste. Plenty of sports to watch on tv, kudos to the bartenders.
5	This place makes me want to revisit Tempe! It's noisey, they have freshly brewed beer, great service, and the FOOD?!!! super good! They have these huge outdoor air coolers and something about the vibe in there is awesome...I was really impressed.
5	We love this place so much that we actually had them reserve the room upstairs of their North Scottsdale location to host our wedding shower in!!  Of course tons of southwest chicken rolls and hummus were served, along with the delicious beers they are so well-known for.Being vegetarian, I appreciate that they have a nice selection of veggie stuff to choose from (cheese enchiladas, artichoke dip, blackbean burgers, nachos) and the service at the North Scottsdale one is just great.  We like the Tempe one, but usually find it a bit warm and a bit too far from us.We always have super-fast service and perfectly prepared food, I just can't give this restaurant a better review!!
4	I went to the one off Frank Lloyd Wright blvd, Scottsdale. I heard Tempe location was the best bc of college atmosphere. Awesome flat screens at the bar and all around, service was friendly, curtious, and welcoming! They need to add more to their cider ale selection- only pear available. What abt Strongbow people- come on.  Food amazing and with plenty of specials offered. I had the enchiladas and I will have them again! Plenty to eat, with some left over.Jamie, Vanessa, and Josh were super nice- great bartenders
5	This place is really as good as it gets!  All their food is good and their beer makes it the best brewery in metro Phoenix.  Try their seasonal beer selections or their beer sampler if its your 1st time visiting.  My favorite part about this place is that you can get a 24 pack of bottled beers to go for only $24.  Now if only they allowed me to bring my dog...
5	400+ reviews. would this one  make any difference? great food, great service, excellent beer.
4	We met some friends for dinner here last Friday.  Let me start by saying that I'm from Chicago, where parallel parking skills are a must.  If you're looking fora spot that's easy to get into, plan on walking a few blocks!  We arrived and were seated right away.  The atmosphere was nice, woody, with lots of paraphernalia hanging around to look at.  You can see the big whatchamacallits that they store beer in at the back of the room. Also, there are enough TV's to catch the game without it feeling like a sports bar.  My friends and I are in our late 20's and early 30's, and we did have this weird feeling like we were outsiders.  After about 20 minutes, we realized that we were some of the oldest people in the room!  It wasn't a huge deal, especially since we were there while ASU classes are out for summer, but I'm sure if you went mid-semester, the place would be chalked to the gills with co-eds! Our server was cheerful, attentive, and checked on us enough without it being overbearingly often.  Food came fast and we never saw the bottoms of our glasses without already having another drink on the way.We ordered the hummus and the soft pretzel for our apps, both were tasty.  I ordered the fish 'n chips with homemade tartar sauce for my entree.  The fish was good, but they should buy their tartar sauce, the homemade version wasn't great.  I, not being a tartar expert, can't tell you exactly what was wrong with it, but put it this way...they could have served me straight mayo and I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference.Mi compadres ordered burgers and both enjoyed them very much.  I didn't try them, but I'll take their word for it.  We didn't order desert, although the Oatmeal Stout tiramisu dish sounded amazing.  Overall, a fun experience.  We brought home a growler to enjoy at home and will definitely go back again!
4	Four Peaks could be the perfect brew pub restaurant. The food and beer here are spectacular, unfortunately, the place is overrun by frat boys, plagued by iffy service, always crowded and loud, and features a nightmarish parking situation.First off, the beer here is glorious. I'm a man who loves beer, but not just any old brew will do. Guinness is about as low-end as I'm willing to go, and I much prefer local micro-brews. Four Peaks meets my very high, some might say pretentious, standards. They offer a wide variety here, everything from blonde to black, with a fairly inexpensive sampler to try them all at once. For my money, I like the deliciously rich, slightly sweet, slightly smokey Oatmeal Stout, or the floral, aggressively hopped, moderately bitter Hop Knot. (I love the Kilt Lifter, but I don't order it because it's available in stores.) The Hop Knot is especially good when it's cask-conditioned, as it's a bitter mellower in flavor and allows the hoppy taste to really bloom. Their website lists which beers will be offered cask-conditioned during the coming week, and it's well worth planning your trip accordingly.The food here is generally what you'd expect: burgers, sandwiches, salads, pizza, wings, and of course, fish and chips. Everything here has been very good; you really can't go wrong with any order. But the there are a few standouts. The fish and chips here is stellar, among the best I've ever had. Crispy, beer-battered, and made with real fish and served with damn good fries. The Bavarian pretzel appetizer is amazing too, especially if you're a fan of mustard (sorry, not served with cheese). And I had the current best-burger-of-my-life here about a year ago. It was a daily special that I haven't seen since, but still, their menu burgers are excellent. Fresh meat, well-spiced, huge, and nicely laden with toppings. The only one I don't recommend is the Popper burger, as I think the flavors don't mesh too well. But that could just be me.So, the downside... Parking is horrendous. Literally, the worst parking situation for any place I know of. I've walked a quarter mile from my car to the restaurant. I'm not exaggerating, I used a pedometer on my phone. The only real parking options are along the street, on one side, and it's parallel parking in tiny spots. Also, service is very inconsistent. About half the time, we get a competent, but not amazing server. And the rest of  the time, we get ignored. It seems like if you aren't drinking beer, you get no attention from the wait staff. The place is always packed, always loud. There usually isn't a wait to get in. But, you'll be bumping elbows with the guy behind you, shouting to be heard at your own table, and doing some serious squeezing and weaving to get to the bathroom. It's a bit better sitting outside, but only a bit, and then you'll have to deal with the weather. On big game nights, the place is insane and best avoided.There are a lot of hassles to deal with when you eat here, but the food and the brew make it worth it. In fact, if the food and beer were all the mattered, the place would earn an easy 5 stars. Of course, in nearly every other category, it would get 1 star.
4	This was my first time at Four Peaks Brewing! Having the bright tanks and the brewing equipment right where you sit and drink their beer, was a fantastic idea. It makes the space look much larger and if you are anything like me - I like to know how they make the brew, with this set up you can see it right before your eyes! I've recently made the AZ Peach my favorite summer time brew! It's so light and refreshing - you can taste the peach, but it's not overwhelming. If you don't believe me, Try it! You can most likely find it at one of your local restaurant and pubs. I frequent the Uncle Bears by our house they offer the tasty delight. AHH!!!I haven't had much of the menu so I can't really say - but I really enjoyed the environment and I just can't believe I haven't been here before!!!Don't wait! Check it out! I will update as soon as I have a proper meal, but their beer is so good, I expect the same!!Until then Yelpers!
5	Still loving this place, nothing's changed there. I've become obsessed with their Hefewiezen, especially in the hot summer months. And still haven't touched a Kiltlifter in several years. And their menu has become one of my favorite bar menus in the entire Valley. Always delicious, quality eats that satisfy any hungry beer drinker.In fact, I love their Hefewiezen and Carne Asada so much, that I served it at my wedding. Think I'm kidding? I am not. Well, actually, I couldn't get their Hefewiezen because they don't do small kegs, only college frat party size kegs and that would have been far too much beer. But we sure did serve that Carne Asada (they forgot the tortillas, dammit). and the guests raved about it all night. Nice work, Four Peaks!
5	This isn't a review, it's a love story.Four Peaks and I have had the most amazing relationship over the past four years. We were first introduced back in 2007. It was the summer before my senior year of college and I was barely 21. It was not love at first sight. Oh, no no. I was new to the world of beer and it wasn't my beverage of choice (though a Peach Ale on a hot night was always delicious).But this isn't a place you go to solely for the beer.  Good food was nothing new to me, and this is where Four Peaks really shines. My friends would get together and drink, and I would eat. And eat. And eat. Hummus, pizza, bruchetta (you have to get the shrimp and goat cheese!), burgers, fries. My heart flutters for their Salmon BLT.And then I got into beer. This is when Four Peaks and I began our unstoppable love. I'm truly lucky to live close enough to stop by regularly, but far enough away to not become a fat alcoholic. All of the beers are perfect in their own way, my choice always depends on my mood and what I'm eating. And don't miss the cask conditioned selections! Always interesting.The atmosphere completes the trifecta of awesomeness, with the indoor/outdoor feel and giant brewery equipment looming in the background. There is something for everyone at this perfect little local gem, and to this day I haven't found anyone who disagrees. I'm beginning to think Four Peaks isn't really a monogamous lover...
4	Oooooohh, I had a GOOD time here. It's a fun lively place for some good grub and more than a few beers. It's in a residential neighborhood in Tempe. I had calamri as an appetizer-the marinara is AWESOME has a little bit of a kick. This was followed by fish and chips:one of the best I've had in Arizona (I'm sadly resolved to the fact that I probably won't get good English-style fish and chips anywhere in The Valley, so this will do) There's nothing I can say about the beer that hasn't been said, but their summer seasonal was amazing and I could have stayed there all night putting many away. The only downside is the lack of parking. I had to park down a dead-end dirt road.Trying to turn my SUV around was like that scene in Austin Powers with the cart in Dr. Evil's lair. That notwithstanding, this is another not-so-hidden gem in The Valley
4	Stopped in to Four Peaks Brewing in Tempe AZ. last week for a couple of of pints and a quick nosh. If you have never been to Four Peaks you will be amazed by the ambiance. This is most certainly a brewery first & a gastro pub second. The brew tanks are exposed front & center as you walk in the front door. The only barrier between you & the brewery is a 4 foot wall and a mass of bar tables. The sounds you hear, the smell of milled grain in the air, and the brew masters walking around in their wellies tell you that you are truly in the thick of it! Its a really unique experience. Of course, my first priority at any brewery is the beer.  Four Peaks does not disappoint. I started with a British style pale called 8th Street Ale.  A great summer beer to say the least. Slightly bitter w/ a fruity characteristic and a clean finish.  The perfect start to an afternoon of day drinking. My beer adventure continued with a Hop Knot IPA, very much a west coast style India Pale Ale and my favorite of the day. OK, if I'm going to continue drinking, a bit of nosh is in order.  Calamari Please?  I ordered the calamari expecting little rings and tentacles.  What came out was simply amazing. Freshly battered 6 inch strips of beautiful squid. Absolutely the best I have ever had in AZ. So whats a guy to do with a plate full of seafood & an empty glass?  Order a beer of course! Next up was the Malt Liquor, no I'm not kidding, Four Peaks brews a malt liquor! How cool is that?  All I need is a brown bag around my pint glass & I'm a Slum Dog Millionaire! All in all a great experience.  The only drawbacks of note are the lack of parking & the temperature inside.  A little warm for my taste in the Arizona summer.  I did say however that this is a brewery first & pub second, so concessions must be made it you plan to visit.  The experience is well worth the drawbacks.
3	I could live off of their Spinach and Artichoke dip! A friend of mine once ordered the spinach and artichoke dip as her appetizer, then ordered it again as her meal! It's a must when you go here :) It is the food that brings me back here. I'm not crazy about the atmosphere, its always beyond packed with people and the wait is usually 45+ minutes. There's not much room to wait anywhere either. The staff is kinda. blah. They seem to just do the minimum to serve you and move on. But they are speedy with getting the food and drinks out, despite how busy it is, so it's all good :)They have a great beer selection of course :) If I do get a beer I always like their Peach beer. Yum! Definitely a fun place to go with a group of friends :)
5	I love four peaks, the beer is great. The hop knot is the perfect blend of hops and citrus. It is refreshing great for any day in AZ. I am a bit of a french fry snob but their frys are good. Going to miss this places when we leave AZ!
5	Been coming to Four Peaks now for a few years and I have always had excellent service, Awesome food, and the beer is about some of the best microbrew in the state! definitely give the Hop Knot a try!
5	Best brewery in Arizona. Period. End of story. Great bar food, absolutely awesome beers. My favorites are the oatmeal stout (my winter time pick), SunBru (summer time), and Kiltlifter (year round), and hefeweizen (year round). On the food side, the chicken rolls are my favorite.Don't miss out on this gem. Beer is supposed to have flavor! Put the beer flavored water down and get to Four Peaks!!
2	I will definitely be back for a review update.I was just upset that their kitchen is currently under construction and there were only four things on their menu, all that I did not want. I mean I would not have been as upset, but I did call the night before and asked about whether they were opened and mentioned I was excited because driving from Flagstaff. Who I talked to did not even mention that the kitchen was under construction. Such a disappointment after a long drive and we really got our hopes up. The oatmeal stout however, was outstanding.
5	This place puts me in a grease and hops-induced stupor. All I can honestly say is that I prefer the Oatmeal Stout with a Reuben sandwich, but anything on their menu is fantastic.Don't leave without trying the fries.
5	Never say never i know, but this place NEVER disappoints!! This place is the best place for great beer and great food. Always have been a fan and i'm finally writing a review, sorry! Just make sure you get there early and be prepared to wait for a table, its always packed on the weekends.*SIDE NOTE-Make sure you show the server the amount and methods of payment before you hand back. We placed a twenty and debit card in check folder, but she lost the twenty between our table and the register and she charged us all on the card. Luckily she believed us when we mentioned the cash and corrected the bill.
5	Awesome place. Great food that's affordable. They brew a great selection of beers, you're sure to find at least one to suit your tastes. Spinach and artichoke dip is by far my favorite appetizer!
5	Being new to Arizona, I learned quickly that Four Peaks was the go-to brew in Phoenix. I only had a couple of cask-aged Hop Knots and a Southwestern chicken egg roll appetizer-thing, but the combination of flavors and skill with which it was prepared were enough to tell me to come back soon and often.The crowd can be daunting on the weekends, and the street parking can incur a little bit of a walk, but it's just a testament to in such high regard Four Peaks is held in the area.
4	As good as everyone says in their review. Too warm and stuffy for me but otherwise awesome food and brew. My wife had the carne adovado and I had the fish. Fries are great too. We'll be back.
4	My favorite brewery in Tempe. The staff is totally friendly and knowledgeable. I love that atmosphere and how the inside and outside seating merge. Some of my favorite beers are the Sunbru and Arizona Peach, they are refreshing and crisp and perfect for Arizona. What is surprising about this brewery is their food is really excellent too. The Bavarian pretzels and spanakopita exceed the expectations for a bar by far. The only complaint I have manifested at my birthday gathering on the patio a few months ago. There were roaches EVERYWHERE, it was like nothing I have experienced, everyone had their feet on their chairs and conversation was regularly interrupted by someone screeching. I even felt a few crawl over my feet. Our server was none too concerned as she never acknowledged what was obviously the problem but I chalk that up to how busy the restaurant was, and the fact that they have to already be aware of their little friends. This is Tempe where everyone knows roaches are abundant and it was on the patio, far from inside seating and the kitchen so I am far from writing this place off but they may want to consider an exterminator.
5	Love it!!! Having taken a recent mini vacay with the bf to Arizona, we decided we wanted to try out the local breweries. We stumbled upon Four Peaks from the suggestion of our kayaking tour guide. He def made an excellent suggestion. The place is huge and is super accommodating for all of its patrons. We tried the Raj IPA and the PEach beer. Both were amazing, especially the Peach beer. It totally hit the spot on such a blazing hot day. Later, we shared the beer sampler, beer battered fries, and clam chowder. I know we're crazy for having clam chowder when its like 110 degrees outside and there's not AC inside, but it was really good. The beer battered fries were great. The serving is huge too and is perfect for sharing. I would totally come back here if I'm ever in Arizona again.
5	You cannot beat the atmosphere nor the fine beer at this place. OK, the food is not exactly 5 star, but what would you expect at a brewery? There are food choices that shine (e.g., the Salmon BLT sandwich). And they have a good kids menu. And did I mention the beer? The only complaint I have: they have not had a cask-conditioned beer on a couple of visits. OK, I'm definitely down in the weeds looking for negatives. Go enjoy yourself.
4	Stopped down to Four Peaks this last Monday with Justin From Brew Bros. to try The Barrel Aged Belgian Black aptly named Serious(Black). We got there just as they were tapping & were the very first to taste it!   Let me say, wow, what brew.  Aged for 3 years in oak Barrels and absolutely worth the wait!  A medium bodied black Belgian style strong ale. Not to hot, beautifuly balanced and very flavorful. As usual service was good, food was exceptional and the place is alot of fun.  Its amazing how many friends I run into everytime I go.  A great place to just be.
5	I am a regular, best tasting beer and bar food in town. Period!If you don't like the atmosphere, excellent, stay the hell out more room for me and my posse!The 3 daily lunch & dinner specials range from interesting to outstanding. Find the place and figure out the rest of the details on your own.That's all I got to say about that!
5	Still my favorite brewery/pub. They have some of my favorite beers in the world and some of the best food in the state. 8th street is an awesome standby, but Hop Knot is my favorite. They make some amazing seasonal beers. Be forewarned, it's locals only during the summer. There is no AC in the place, but only fans. It's actually my favorite time to go. Less college kids and more of the beer drinkers.Get on their newsletter! Always check the specials, THEY WILL BLOW YOUR MIND!
1	If I could give it a no star I would.  Who wants to sweat while you eat.  I don't care what the food and beer is like.  Turn on the AC ! It's 110 out!
4	I'l make this concise. Great beer. Good atmosphere. Good service. Decent location, although the parking situation can be challenging. The food is good (it used to be great). I remember when Four Peaks had the brew tanks inside the actual restaurant and they had a service where you could make your own beer inside the brewery, they even helped you bottle it and make a label. All that is gone as they have grown in popularity. The wings used to be some of the best ever: grilled, not fried. Now, they are just fried but still good (not great). For bar food, this is still a really good place to eat. The place is clean as well (one of my big pet peeves). From what I am able to observe at the Scottsdale location, they have taken the high cleaning standards required for the brewery and kept them in place for the bar/restaurant. This location will get busy during happy hour, on game day, or anytime after 5pm. Be prepared to stand and bump shoulders with beer in hand until a seat opens up. The crowd is an eclectic mix of post college grad's, professional's, and nine to fivers just getting off work. However, that changes during the winter months when more touristas are in town and the resorts filter their customers into the restaurant.A great place for a beer after a round of golf or shopping at Home Depot.
4	I came here twice this past week while on a business trip. No AC but the outdoor seating has misting to help cool you down. I tried both the Oatmeal Stout & Kilt Lifter brews. I found both to be pretty middle-of-the-road. Not bad but not as good as many of the Vermont microbrews I'm used to. The food was standard pub fare. A couple of TVs compliment the inside & the bar is pretty friendly. Parking is odd and the lack of AC was curious as well.
4	During the school year I avoid this Four Peaks like the goddamn plague! This place is just packed constantly! However I do love a nice summer drinking session on the patio here when all the college kiddos are away and it's just a little less insane. I've eaten here once and yes the food was really really good, but I gotta be honest, I come here to drink beer. And lots of it! Four Peaks Brewery has grown in popularity at an alarmingly rapid rate, and their beers really back up that big game they talk! They offer all the typicals: Hefe's, IPA's, Pale Ales, Stouts, etc.... but they add their own spin to each one. The Hopulent IPA has a crisp hoppy finish to it that is just divine! The Kiltlifter is by far my favorite of Four Peak's selection, as it reminds me of my favorite beer from back East, and it's now offered in cans making it an excellent choice for your next poolside beverage!Because it is technically a restaurant, there is no smoking on the patio.... UNTIL 10PM. The nightly ritual involves all the smokers getting one ready a minute before 10, then lighting up as soon as the ash tray hits the table (sometimes before...). It gives everyone a sense of unity... and a good laugh!
5	Kilt lifter, 8th street, Peach ale, really any beer they serve is amazing. Food is very good/great!
5	I LOVE Four Peaks!!  I went there with some friends a little hesitant only because it is known for it's beer but I am NO beer fan!!!  We went on a Friday around 8p, It was crowded but we had no problems finding seating at the bar.  I told the bartender I didn't like beer but I was willing to have one and surprise me.  And he did!!! It was delicious!  He served me Hefeweizen with a splash of their Raspberry beer, something he came up with for people that don't prefer beer. Not only was their beer great, their food was very appetizing as well!  I had the French Dip.....Amazing! Like a party in your mouth!
5	This just might be the best restaurant in Arizona. Seriously.
4	Went with a big group of people from work and I must say, this is a cool place...I love their oatmeal stout but decided to go with the hefeweizen.  The waitress was accommodating to splitting all of our checks up for us which was nice.  I didn't go crazy with what I ordered and just had a craving for wings, but for an appetizer sized portion it was great...lot of carrots and celery to go with!  It would be a little more enjoyable in the cooler months, but all it all, I'll be back soon.
5	the breakfast burger and a bloody mary are the best sunday brunch you'll ever have!
4	This is a great place to meet friends and have a beer and a bite to eat.  Good wings and nice beer selection.  My only complaint is how hard it is to find parking.
5	Great selection of beers, something for everyone. My favorite is the Kilt Lifter. Beautiful patio area and inside you feel like you are part of the brewery. At times you can see them crafting the fine beers. Four Peaks also offers great food too.
5	A bit unfair to all the other microbrews in town, but obviously Peaks has been a staple in the Tempe area for decades for good reason. All the beer is brewed on site which means everything is fresh -- they actually use the same water they serve at the tables in the brewing process, to give you an idea how pure the finished product is. No matter if you're there to eat or knock a few back Peaks is a must. You can't go wrong with virtually anything on the menu but anyone happening upon Peaks for the first time should absolutely order an entree or side of the fries, an undisputed favorite. I usually go with anything involving blackened chicken, be it salad or nachos.The sampler trey is offered at a reasonable price and provides about 4 oz servings of each of the beers listed on the big board. If you're looking for something lighter I would suggest the Sunbru or Peach -- my personal favorite is doing a half & half of Oatmeal Stout with Peach. Get inventive.The staff is used to working with a lot of traffic so I've never had bad service there -- these guys really know their stuff!
4	Great Beer, pretty good food.. The spinach artichoke dip is fantastic.  You cant go wrong with one of their burgers.  Only complaint would be that the parking is hard sometimes and its always crowded.
4	Love the Beers!Happy hour might be the best time to go there on a weekend. My husband and I went on a Friday evening at 5, and it was pretty full. IT IS EXCITING  to go to a place in Phx/tempe which ha a lot of people and ha awesome food. I wish that there were some starters which were half off during the happy hour but never mind we loved the Chicken Rolls,......so awesomely rich and tasty. Burger is great too!Definitely gonna go back but still wish that food was cheaper during the Happy hour to meet people more happy.
5	Some of the best beers that I have tasted & food that you would NOT expect from a brewery. It is more of a gastro-brewery.
5	I can write a novel here and still not do justice to the quality of that this place produces. Seriously, Four Peaks needs to be on the Food Network because it truly is a testament to American Brewing and culinary arts. Anything you get here will be fantastic, and as long as you enjoy fun and outgoing people, the atmosphere is inviting. This is my favorite place to show people who visit me in Tempe. it's our Pride and Joy over here in the ASU area. Check it out.
4	I get to Tempe about twice a year for work and every visit I make sure to stop in Four Peaks for some tasty brews.  This is also a great place to watch sports as they have lots of screens that give a good view just about everywhere you sit but outside on the patio.  They have good bar food and there always seems to be a fun crowd having a good time here.  I attempted to walk here once from my hotel but it is WAY too hot in Arizona for that during the middle of the day and I soon discovered that there is a free shuttle that runs by here on a regular basis.  Parking seems to be a bit of a problem so if you can handle the wait of the shuttle that might be the best way to travel.
5	Without a doubt my favorite brewery in America (and I've been to quite a few).  I started going here in the late 90s when it opened, and go whenever I'm back in town.  The beer is fantastic as is the food.  I highly recommend the beer bread!  The Tempe location is far superior to the North Scottsdale locale IMO mostly because of the ambiance and the fact that the Tempe locale is actually the brewery.  Every Fall they make a special Pumpkin Porter which is typically very good, although there have been a few years where it feels like they phoned it in.  The only negatives for me is the parking and at times there can be quite a wait.
3	Four Peaks is a must-stop place in the valley. Their beer is great and it doesn't get any better than when you get it at the source!Their kitchen, however, has gone downhill in the last year or two. Their food used to be simply amazing, which when combined with their best-in-breed beers, made for a great night out! They remodeled their kitchen a little while back and their food seems to have lost some of its flair. It's still good, mind you, but it's not what it used to be. That said, I still recommend this place to anyone, and still bring my out-of-town friends here all the time, but I don't enjoy it nearly as much as I did before.
5	AMAZING food and I'm a vegetarian!  Their pizza, appetizers, and sandwiches are great.  Good brews too!My only complaint is that it is REALLY loud and pretty pricey.  I tried to go there for a late lunch (around 2 or 3pm) with a friend one day and they wouldn't let her in since she wasn't 21.  I thought that turning away business at that time of day was kind of strange.
5	We come here a LOT. The wait is never too long (though if it was it'd still be worth it). The food is great. The service is fast. And the beer is GOOD.I love the Peach Ale. Kilt Lifter is obviously a staple. Being a vegetarian often relegates you to the fried, unhealthy food, but not here! SOOO many vegetarian options! These are my favorites so far: Nacho plate (HUGE portion, and mighty tasty), the Mediterranean pizza sub sundried tomatoes for the chicken, AND drum roll please...beer fries (we get these EVERY time, and yes ok they are fried...)!!! The salads are good, the vegetarian burger was ok (a little soggy). I have yet to try the desserts but oh do they tempt me! I see you tiramisu with oatmeal stout!
5	Absolutely the best brewery in Arizona. The beer selection is superb. 8th street ale is amazing-- along with the blonde beer. Burgers, chicken tenders, and beer bread sandwiches are top notch. The atmosphere is always lively here-- during the cooler months, the patio is perfect!
4	Good Burger, and Great Service.The Arizona Peach Ale is my favorite!
4	Made it a point to make it out to Four Peaks Brewing company while visiting family in Chandler. We went to the Tempe location for lunch, and a beer flight. The place appears to be a large converted warehouse, almost looks like an old airport hangar in some spots to be honest, but that's just on the inside. The front, or outside patio has a what I would descrbie as an old Mission, Santa Fe, or New Mexico style facade, with some local desert plants, and about a dozen or so tables with chairs. We actually sat off from the main bar, in smaller section with several flatscreen T.V.'s. You can clearly see the brewing facility, mash tun, fermenters, etc. They have some swag for sale, growler bags, T-shirts, etc. as well near the restrooms. The food was pretty good, better than your typical brewpub too. (Reminded me of a BJ's backhome, but not how they are now, more what they USE to be 5-10 years ago) I ordered the Hopsquatch Barley wine, and my wife had a flight of about 8 of their standard taps, with a seasonal or two thrown in. None of their beers or food blew me away, but so far, AZ is not exactly a Beer mecca state either, so given that context, do yourself a favor, and check out a local spot. Since, imho, it's a great spot for lunch or dinner on occasion, decent to solid beers, and a great spot to go back to the next time I'm in town.
3	Beer here is great, no surprise. Food is OK to So-So. Parking sucks!I had the daily "special" - rib-eye sandwich. 5/10 rating. It was too fatty/gristle. I know rib-eye is not a lean cut but I should not need to spit out chunks of gristle and fat. Flavor was fine, maybe a bit too much smoke flavor, but the portion size ,for the price, as too small.Next time I'll stick to the burger.
3	Not to mention about the beer. It is great. Food? no more than your expectations. just average.but the thing is the place was too noisy and crowded. Despite all the flaws, if you hit the Tempe, why not?!
4	I always love heading over to Four Peaks. It can be a bit of a wait and in the summer it sucks that they only have a swamp cooler, but all in all great atmosphere and great food. Try the pork adovada, it's my favorite. And you can never go wrong with their fries, omg to die for.
4	My wife and I visited for the first time on a Saturday afternoon and we were VERY happy. I had a Popper Burger and my wife had the Grilled Chicken Beer Bread. We were both impressed with how fresh the meat and other ingredients were. We are not drinkers but we do try an occasional beer and had the Arizona Peach Ale and again, we were very pleased. We have tried a Kilt lifter before and that was equally good. Loved the atmosphere, service was great and very friendly. We will definitely be back and we will be bringing friends!
4	Parking does suck as well as service sometimes on a busy night, especially during the ASU school year. But, over the years this is still a great place to get a great beer with some food and just hang out. And yes, service is great too. I try not to come during peak hours so I can really sit and enjoy the patio during the fall/winter. Oh, and did I mention the amazing ice cream cake option for dessert. Yessir.
5	Popper Burger gets five stars!!!! Jalapenos and sour cream on a burger, no need to say more!!
4	Four peaks is awesome! The beer is great (it even comes in 10oz glasses) and the french fries are incredible! The rest of the food is decent, nothing amazing. I personally dislike sitting inside as the acoustics are terrible, but no matter where you sit the service will just be meh!
4	Great food!! Got our appetizer after our entrees came...so that sucked...and the waitress was not helpful at all with drink suggestions...but the food was really good!!
4	During a business trip we were looking for a great place to eat and Yelp led us to Four Peaks Brewing Company. Based on the 500+ reviews we knew it had to be good. We started out getting the Arizona Chicken Rolls and they are a must. The sauce they serve with it is absolutely ridiculous. I am going to have to see if I can make these Arizona Chicken Rolls and sauce on my own. After I had the BBQ Chicken Pizza which was a thinner crust type. Reminds of of how CPK is. All the ingredients are fresh and the tastes was great. For a place with a really large menu they nailed it pretty good.I was not able to try out any of the house drinks but my coworker would not stop raving about the Kilt Lifter Ale. He says it's a must. I would have given this place 5 out of 5 however the staff was only okay. They could have been more responsive. We had to ask for drinks a few times over. We liked the place so much we came back 2 days later.I give this place 4 out of 5 starts and would recommend this.
4	This is a tough review for me. I saw all the great reviews and decided to take my 90 year old parents to lunch as we were traveling through Phoenix.The place is great. Just what we were looking for. Busy on a Monday for a late lunch, so, it's gotta be great!! Well...We sat outside on a beautiful Arizona day. Star#1The server was great......star number 2My folks loved the fish and chips....my wife loved the habeneros  chicken  salad.... My turkey club, to me, had no taste. My fries came cold, so, I sent them back and got fresh ones.....right away.Everyone loved the beer...except me, so, it might have been an off day for me instead of the restaurant!Don't be Afraid to try I....I'll be going back. It was so close.....and the waitress was so wonderful, they get another try!!
3	The three stars are all for the beer.  I have had my share of four peaks beer and have always liked it, so had high expectations last night when I visited the actual Four Peaks Brewery for the first time.  My first stop was the seasonal beer, the Pumpkin Porter.  It was the perfect beer to kick off the fall season with.Trouble came a little further down the line when I got my burger, which I ordered medium, and it was completely well done.  I got fries with it, which were average.  I don't like to hate on servers because I am in the food industry, but our server seemed like she was having a really shitty night or something, which happens to everybody, I know, but part of your job as a server is to pretend you don't hate being a server.  To sum it all up, I'd go back to Four Peaks for beer.  And maybe a plate of nachos or something, but I found the food to be overwhelmingly average.  Maybe my expecations were too high.  I'll probably just take a growler to go.
4	I love this place! Their beer battered fries are amazing and so is their cobb salad. I've tried several of their appetizers like the bruschetta and it's all been great. Oh, and of course the beer is good... Sunbrew is my favorite. The service is also excellent.
5	I have seen this place grow over the years.  Great place.  People who work here are not only knowledgeable, but actually care about the product.This is an old milk distro center.  Misters if you sit outside.  Bonus.
5	Awesome beer plus good food which is a rare combo. Very cool atmosphere to eat with a variety of venues. Gets crowded fast so get there early. Great for group dinners
2	I may make a few enemies in writing this review, and I may even get kicked out of Tempe completely, but seriously, Four Peaks is not the love of my life. Granted, I don't care for beer, so this is more or less a review of the food, atmosphere, and non-beer-like drinks. I have been here a few times with the husband (he loves it here) and I just don't get the hype. The food is bar food. Straight up bar food. I like the outdoor seating much better than indoor. Inside the place feels a little dreary, much like many bars I have encountered. The servers are friendly enough, although sometimes the service is a little slow. I get something different to eat every time, which if you know me, is not a good thing. When I like something, I get it every visit, but here, I am just searching for something - anything - that I like enough to order next time. Sigh. I know I'll be back, and I can't say I dread coming here - I usually have fun. I just feel like there are many places I'd rather spend my money on.
4	This restaurant is a three minutes walk from where I live, and I am so glad. The service is always great, the managers are friendly, and the food and atmosphere are perfect for a store to be your go-to. I like how it's not just your normal neighborhood sit down - it has variety! It has dishes inspired by countries all over the world. Overall, a good place to go to.
4	Good food and delicious beer.... what's more to say! I will come again during my next stay in the area.
5	Four Peaks is ALWAYS amazing. Not only is the beer the best brew here or anywhere (maybe a close competition with Stone in San Diego), but the food is always out of this world. We always have trouble picking from the menu because we are never disappointed with anything. The Arizona Rolls are the bomb, and their calamari is the best I've ever had. We had a special the other day, a queso panela BLTA and it was the best sandwich I ever had, with a side of chicken coconut curry soup. For beers, the HopKnot and the Raj IPA are favorites, and they have the only Hefe I'll drink. The service has ALWAYS been top notch. I was asked the other day if there was one restaurant I could eat at for the rest of my life and it was Four Peaks!
4	What a happening place on a Tuesday night!!!!  We had 10 of us show up after work.  Ok, parking SUCKED!  I parked like 1/4 mile away...But when you get finally walk there it is busy but tons of places to sit inside and outside.  Our server was the bomb.  She was on top of the drinks.  All our food came out right and tasted GREAT!  I ordered the French Dip.  The bread, beef, and melting cheese was good and the Au Jus sauce has flavor...  The beer batter fries was just ok.  There are a lot of other items on the menu that looks great too.  I can't wait to come back and try it.
4	Great place to go for great beer and amazing food. It is really hard to have a group larger then 6 to get a table together sense they really don't allow reservations.
4	1st off there are great breweries in Arizona, a place where if I didn't live I would of never guessed, 4 peaks is one of them.  I fell in love with 4 peaks back when I lived in Tempe and began my 10 year college career (I took my time :) / :( ).  My roommates and I heard the beer was delicious and they had a bunch of different kinds to try on happy hour, some beers with higher alcohol content which is really what got me interested.  The RAJ IPA was amazing and is one of my favorite beers there but after a few times of getting drunk faster than everyone else and going home early ( or falling asleep in, on, under or around tables)  I decided to branch out and try the other beers.  Being brewed here in AZ they are all superb, fresh and delicious, the food here is also good, not amazing its not gourmet by any means but its a little "different" than typical bar food (wings and sandwiches), think Zipps.  For example Four Peaks has beer bread, Zipps has focaccias which isn't like focaccia at all but its good and different, there's nothing like it anywhere else than these 2 restaurants, you will have to see it or try it to really understand.  Either way if you feel like beer, good beer look no where else, unless your in Flagstaff then you have to go to Beaver Street Brewery which is also an excellent brewery in AZ.
5	great food! great beer!!!
4	4.5 stars.Four Peaks is everything a Brewery and Restaurant should be!I came here for a late lunch before the ASU football game this past saturday. Yes, the place was packed, but we were luckily seated within ten minutes.As far as beer goes, this place can do no wrong. Everything I sampled was very well balanced and had a great flavor. I highly recommend the pumpkin porter for a unique beer that is very fitting for the Fall season. Both IPA's are also top notch.We were rather hungry so we started with the nachos and the chicken rolls.The rolls were extremely rich and had great flavor. The jalapeno dressing gave the dish a nice spice. Be careful to not fill up on these because they are rather large and quite filling, but DAMN good.The nachos were huge! Chips, cheese, beans, tomato and jalapenos. The chips were extra cheesy and everything worked well. Needed avocado though..For my entree I decided on the southwest burger. The burger consisted of 1/2 pound beef patty cooked to a perfect medium rare. The usual lettuce and tomato. A green chili with that same sweet jalapeno dressing I had with my rolls. I also added my friends chipotle ranch which went beautifully with the rest of the accompaniments. Overall the burger was pretty darn good. Granted it wasn't the best burger I have ever had or a taste revelation, but pretty great for bar food.Overall I was very pleased with four peaks. My friends hyped up the place like crazy and I was not disappointed. The food was certainly a step above regular bar food, but not quite as unique or adventurous as some of the gastropubs I have sampled in California in Chicago. If you are in the mood for even just a beer or some delicious and unique bar food, do not hesitate one bit to check this place out.
4	I was brought here by a couple of coworkers a few months back.  We split some fries and had some peach ale.  One co worker went on and on about their mac-n-cheese, so I have wanted to go back.]One lazy Sunday I thought taking my husband to watch some football would be fun as he had never been and I had been dying to see what they have to offer.You'd think taking a guy to a bar to watch sports would be easy, but the guy complained they whole way there.It was busy, parking was a pain, which I'm told it always is, but we were sat right away.  We ordered a peach ale and a hob knot ( I love you hob knot)  and his mood began to change.Then we perused the menu.  Holy delicious options!  We decided to choose two delicious sounding dishes and share.We decided on the Popper burger, so so so good, and one of their breakfast specials, the name of which escapes me, but consisted of beans and eggs and beef and tortillas and was gooey and delicious.The atmosphere was fun and upbeat.  The service was great! In the end my husband is lucky I am such an awesome wife and we are all lucky four peaks is such and awesome Arizona brewery.
5	Hands down the place to grab a beer and a bite in Tempe. This is first and foremost a brewery and then a restaurant  - but that doesn't mean the food is bad.  For the beer I love Kiltlifter, 8th Street, RAJ IPA and the Hefewiezen. But if you're not sure just order the sampler - you're bound to find something you like. My favorite items off the menu are the Arizona Rolls and the Southwest Burger but everything else is good too, they have daily specials that can't be beat for the price. The place is split up into four main areas: there's the patio, the bar area, the side room and the dining room behind the bar by the tanks. Unless you go during the day or early in the week and depending on the time of year there's a 50/50 chance you'll have a short wait for a table but there's always the bar. The bar itself is u-shaped and runs almost the entire width of the place so there's always room. Or you can take your brew onto the porch and check out the scenery. An American brewpub isn't always kid-friendly but this place is, if you do decide to take your family and are concerned about the atmosphere just ask to be seated on the patio which tends to have a more laid-back vibe than the inside.  The crowd is a mix of all kinds of people; in the 13 years that I've been going there I've seen young, old, college kids, professionals, blue collar workers, families and sports fanatics. One of the first things you will notice is that the workers hustle! Service has always been very good. Servers are attentive, they don't have attitude and unlike at other places they like their jobs and you can see it in how they work with you. The manager is always behind the bar working alongside everyone if you feel the need to speak up.There is a small parking lot behind the brewery and it usually fills up fast. There is parallel parking in the alley behind the brewery which is accessible via a gravel driveway just north of 8th St and Dorsey Ln. There is also plenty of on-street parking on 8th Street. Just don't park at the nearby businesses or apartment complexes - they are all too tow happy. I have lived in Tempe for 13 years and 5 of them were in this neighborhood (on Dorsey just around the corner) and it is a safe neighborhood so don't be afraid of little walking if you can't find a spot in their lot. The area is well lit at night and due to the location there are always lots of people out and about at all hours of the day or night.See if you can crack their WiFi password and have a good time!
4	Great local gem of Tempe. This place is welcoming to all. I always have a good time relaxing at the bar with a Peach Ale. I like that they brew seasonal beers like the Pumpkin Porter also. The food is good, not the healthiest spot around, but good bar food. This location gets pretty busy, but the staff is able to handle it.
5	This, by far, is one of my favorite places in the Valley. The beer is amazing, the food is fantastic and the service is stellar. Hell, I'd move in if they'd let me!
4	An old favorite.  Great burgers and great beer, it's hard to go wrong.
4	I have been a fan of Four Peaks for several years.  Before I became a beer drinker, I would come with friends and have their peach ale.  It was perfect in the summertime and perfect for that person who doesn't really like beer.  As I've grown up and my taste for beer has matured, I've really come to like almost all of their beers.  My favorite is the pumkin porter.  My heart crys a little tear when I remember that I can only get it once a year.  I have to remember to stock up, next time.I do enjoy their food and the french fries are bomb.  I have recently had their hummus and its pretty delicious, too.The best time to visit is during the day time, beat the dinner rush.
5	Having just moved to Scottsdale, I had seen Four Peaks brews at local restaurants and couldn't wait to try it. My bf and I visited the brewery after a long day at the Phoenix Zoo. The location was easy to find with plenty of street parking (although it could be difficult during peak hours). We found a nice table on the half-indoor seating area. The ambiance was very cool, with a converted loft warehouse sort of feel.The bf had the beer sampler, which I helped myself to some sips of. I ordered a pint of the Kilt Lifter, which was a great deal during happy hour. Next, I tried the Pumpkin Porter (full price, even during happy hour). Foodwise, I had the pub fish and chips, which are battered in Kilt Lifter, and the bf had the french dip. Both items were on par with good quality pub fare.Kilt Lifter: great medium brew, very smooth. The type of beer you could drink every day and never tire of. Pumpkin Porter: we loved it so much, we purchased a growler so we could take some home! Note: there is an extra charge for filling up a growler with a seasonal brew. $4 for the growler itself, $10 for beer, and $5 seasonal charge. Normal refills of growlers are $10.I am a beer lover. I have spent time living in Munich and drinking some of the best beers in the world. You can't go wrong with Four Peaks brews. Next stop, North Scottsdale location. Closer to home and hopefully just as great!
4	Love the food, beer, and atmosphere.  They didnt get the 5th star because they are a brewery and have ONE urinal for the guys!  Seriously?!?!?!  Fail!
3	Ahhhhhhh Four Peaks...One of the hot spots in Tempe.For me, Four Peaks is good, not great. I've had some good food there, I've had some mediocre food there. Their fries are great...It's bar food, really. There's nothing that sets Four Peaks apart from a culinary standpoint, but most people seem to fall head over heels for the beer.Here's my thing: I'm from Portland, Oregon. For anyone that doesn't know, it's an incredible place for microbreweries and amazing beer. In the state of Oregon there are dozens of independent breweries and hundreds of incredible local beer choices...(I realize at this point you're all thinking - "Hey, asshole. Stop talking about Portland. This is a review about Four Peaks" - I'm getting to my point, I promise)Upon my arrival in the Phoenix area, I kept hearing about how great the beer was at Four Peaks. Living close by, I checked out Four Peaks early on, and have been back a number of times since. I've tried a lot of their beers, and they just don't do it for me. I like the Kilt Lifter, and that's the end...The rest of their beers I am just not into. Specifically the Hef...It's the worst Hef I've ever had in my life. Forgive me, I'm a beer snob who likes what he likes, and most of the beers at Four Peaks are not my thing. With that said, everyone else seems to be in love with them, so maybe I'm the crazy one.The other thing that sucks about Four Peaks is the wait. During peak times, you're waiting anywhere from 30-60 minutes for a table.Positives is the size of the restaurant (it's huge), and the ambiance. It's a cool place to hang out and watch a game, and it's a good place to grab a quick bite when the wait isn't too long. I'm sure I'll come back to Four Peaks, but it won't be for the beer.
4	Always good beer and good food. Well let me say the food is not super fantastic but it's better than a lot of brewery food out there. Spinach dip is good, nachos are always a staple, burgers could use a re-do. Salads are pretty good, pizza is mediocre. Wings are not half bad!! Sauce is pretty fiery! Nice!! Not a wussy sauce here! But I do love this place and the patio. Beers you can't go wrong with. Very flavorful good beers. All I ask is just a bit more quality in the food. Thats all thats wrong IMO or not really wrong but something they could improve on.
5	I've been racking my brain to think of anything negative to say about Four Peaks Brewery.  My girlfriend and I hit this place up on our way out of town.  They have a bunch of their own beers and I honestly wish I had more time to try them all.  We had the peach ale which was absolutely fantastic.  We also had chicken fingers that were chicken thigh strips that they battered in their own been.  The fries were crazy good too.  We had the artichoke dip to start off and it was a meal in itself.  The service was great, pretty much all AZ State girls, so yeah.I highly recommend Four Peaks and look forward to going back to this place next time I am around Tempe.
4	Really good burgers and the Oak Stout beer is really smooth and tasty. The outdoor seating was nice and the inside was really big, a little loud but a good atmosphere with cute waitresses...
5	Come for the beer. Stay for the food!
5	Had to update because we've now tried the pizza! For all the times we have visited we've never tried a pizza (too many other really good options to choose I guess...)We ordered the Italian Classic (veggies & meat). We ordered it a little well done/crispy and were not disappointed! It was hot, fresh and cooked perfectly! Service was great as usual even though they were completely SLAMMED with customers the day before Thanksgiving filing numerous growlers of their pumpkin beer which sold out in less than record time!We were there again last weekend for the football games and made it in time to order our favorite breakfast items - eggs benedict and the braised pork dish with beans, potatoes, two eggs and fresh warm tortillas.  It was fantastic! This dish, just like many others (possibly ALL others) is plenty for 2 to share. Service was exceptional and the crowd fun and rowdy rooting for their teams and AZ won - so there were a lot of happy customers that day!
4	I picked Four Peaks because this was a 1st date and he had told me that he liked microbreweries. I had never been to Four Peaks but surveyed some of my male friends and found this was the place to go. So we went Sunday around 12pm, and when we got their the football games were playing and come to find out Four Peaks is home to the Vikings. We sat inside, it was both of ours 1st time there. It was a nice crowd, and at one table every time the Vikings scored they would blow their Viking Horn, thought it was kinda cool.  I love places were fans can come together and watch their team play and share the wins or loses of their team!My date ordered the sampler,which had all their beers but in 4 oz glasses and their winterwobbler (seasaonal beer), Im not really a beer drinker but my date was in enjoying himself! He said it was a great place for him, I think I did good picking it, hahaSo we ordered the wings with spicy thai peanut sauce and beer bread, the wings were so dang good, it packed the right amount of heat! The beer bread, omg that was soft and so good, you don't need any butter to put on it, it was perfect without!  I ordered the Popper Burger, which was a hamburger with lettuce and tomatoes, onion strings, fresh steamed jalapenos and cream cheese, came with fries. Let me tell you. The burger made my eyes water and lips burn, it was perfect! The combo of the fresh steamed jalapenos and cream cheese was so perfect, it's like they were meant for each other and that the hamburger patty was their guest star in their perfect duo,  so dang delish!  When we were close to being finished the manager Trevor came over and was talking to us, we shared that this was our 1st time there, my date shared more info with him about the beers and other beer related stuff, but my focus was on Trevor. Ladies Trevor is great eye candy! Beautiful eyes I tell ya!  Anyways our waitress brought us our check and come to find out Trevor paid for the sampler of beer! How kick ass was that!  Glad to have found Four Peaks, I will be back!
3	Disappointed:( Could of been better, because when food was brought out, the presentation was very nice..... The nachos seriously needed to be season and the same for the calamari!! The calamari was very meaty and they serve you a lot, but no seasoning, not even a dab of salt!! The beer according to my mom was *fabulous* Too bad, because the price is reasonable
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Tempe and here is why. The atmosphere is fluid. Depending on when you go it has a totally different feel. During the day, it is the perfect place for a business lunch. After the lunch rush, it is great for an early family dinner. When the sun goes down, it is a date place. When happy hour kicks in, it is a top tier bar. How do i know this? Because thanks to Four Peaks yours truly has impressed business clients, family, dates and I don't quite remember bar. Four Peaks is a melting pot of all different people who share the love of good beer, good food and good company.
5	The Good:1. Best bar food by far with excellent choices and large portions.2. Great atmosphere with friendly, helpful and knowledgeable employees.3. Beer is brewed onsite.4. Beer is excellent and mixed drinks are stiff.5. Prices are very reasonable.The Bad:1. It gets VERY crowded here. (Can't blame em')2. It can be difficult at times to find parking.3. Only house brews served here. No Bud, Coors, etc.
4	Good news.....this place is down the street from my new office.  Bad news....this place is down the street from my new office.  Good food, great drinks, great value.  They will be seeing me have alot of "buisness meetings".............
5	Awesome Bar food..best I've ever had..u must try the Popper Burger..it has cream cheese and crispy breaded onions..ask for the jalapeno sauce..its bomb.  They have great beer..favorites are their hefe, kiltlifter & ipa
4	Four Peaks has been a great place to go eat and drink for many years now. Easily the best bar food menu around. Excellent bread and appetizers, very well done southwestern fare and amazing specials (I still haven't had one of their specials as they are usually pricey, they look amazing though!). They have a great beer selection, as long as you are not looking for bud/miller/coors. Its all Four Peaks beer on the menu, makes for a nice change and a great taster! At the beginning of every month you can get the Hopsquatch, their barrel aged Barleywine, it doesn't last far beyond the beginning of the month. Seasonally they have a number of brews that are super-tasty (Pumpkin Porter, Peche...et al). You can also get growlers of their beers to take home and fill when you are there.I finally did brunch here, it is awesome. They do brunch better than most places that specialize in it! The breakfast croissant should be a regular menu item (OK that's one special I have had).
5	Had guests from out of state so we visited Four Peaks for lunch on Saturday. None of us were disappointed. I could become a regular here!
5	Amazing beer selection!
5	I know lots of people go to Four Peaks for their brews, andthey are great. But every meal I've had there has been supertasty too.I often have the daily specials, cause they usually sound sogood.The Sweet Jalapeno dressing on the spinach salad is fantastic!Sitting on the patio is awesome and even sitting just inside the huge garage door is great because it's so open and bright you feel like you're outside.If you can get there in October, the Pumpkin Porter is a reallygood seasonal brew.So yeah, they can get busy, sometimes you gotta wait and the parking can be a pain.  That's what happens when you've got a cool placewith tasty brews and good food...
5	This is simply the greatest micro brew beer and food you will find in Phoenix.  Period.
5	This place is awesome!! I go here often with friends and always have a good time. The food is pretty good but the beer is why you go. My favorites are the oatmeal stout, peach ale and kiltlifter. The pumpkin porter is also good but only a seasonal flavor. This place is pretty busy at night but is a fun atmosphere to be with friends, drink and watch a ballgame. I would recommend the Tempe location far beyond the Scottsdale one as far as atmosphere and actually seeing the brewery itself.Never been disappointed here and will continue coming back!!
4	Dined at Four Peaks Brewing Co. for the first time last night and let me tell you, it was delicious. The place was pretty busy for a wednesday night but from what I understand thats pretty normal for them. And after my experience I understand why. As soon as we were greeted we were taken to a table inside right next to all the brewers. Cool! I love the art that goes into brewing beers and I think those large silver shining beauties are amazing. Our server was great. Friendly, assertive, punctual and not creepy. My man ordered the Hop Knot and I ordered the 8th Street. We barely made happy hour by the skin of our teeth. I love restaurants who give you happy hour prices on your drink even if you ordered them at 5:58pm when HH ends at 6pm. Believe it or not, some places out there would ignore your table for two minutes just to avoid the HH. So lame. This scored huge points in my book. For food, we ordered the edamame for our appetizer and the Veggie Pesto Pizza for dinner. The Edamame was super fresh. If you've ever had bad or even mediocre edamame, you get it. Its disgusting. I wasn't expecting anything phenomenal but was genuinely happy when I actually wanted to keep eating more of it. The pizza had buttloads of flavor! Artichoke hearts, olives, mushrooms, tomato's, mozarella and feta cheese and pesto. Mmmm. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it and didn't hate myself for eating it after. All in all it was a fun time and I really enjoyed the 8th Street beer!
4	OK, I'll keep this short since there are so many reviews on this place. I'm not sure what else I can say about it. I'm an ASU alum and have spent many a night in here. The beer is great. the sandwiches are to die for (yes, that's an overstatement). The atmosphere is always festive and it's just pricey enough to keep most of the unwanted college riff raff out. The Bad: Stay away from the hummus - yuk - tasted like a chili dog last time I had it. They constantly mess with the pasta salad. Last time I was there they used balsamic vinegar in it, which didn't taste bad, but it's grey. Grey!? What kind of food is grey? It's just hard to look at. Sometimes the staff and some patrons get a bit of an attitude, but it's a college bar. That's to be expected.
5	I LOVE this place. Never a bad experience!The food is great, I haven't had everything, as I do not like spicy foods.  Everything from the fish&chips to the spinich salad to the french dip always great and very consistent. The water is the best in town, which is rare.The patio is always full, you will have to wait for a table out there, but it's worth it.  This is a first rate place!
4	I've been planning to come here for a while, and I finally made it down here.Beer - 5 stars, come on, it's a brewery...they know what they're doingBurger - 3 stars, it was reasonably tasty but I ordered medium well and it came out medium-medium rare in the middle.  I tend to be paranoid about ground beef being undercooked.Service - 4 stars, she was missing for a while sometimes but she did a pretty good job.Would I come back here again?  Absolutely!  But mostly for the beer and conversation, the food has yet to wow me but I'll try a sandwich next time as everyone seems to be swearing by them.
5	I love Four peaks! The Raj IPA is definitely the best beer however, the first time you go you have to get the sampler. It gets very crowded at night especially on weekends or for sports games. It's definitely a fun place to go with friends for something a little more upscale than a neighborhood dive. I love the ambiance and how they have the huge beer - making things in the place. The food is delicious as well. I've had the chicken fingers and I had one of the burgers (with mush/onions I think). They were both amazing. I like to sit at the bar if possible.
5	YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM! The beer is handcrafted right in the back of the restaurant. Out of this world! You can almost taste the hard work the brew masters put into their beer. It's as if they personally hand picked each hop precisely to go into their beers. This is the Ferrari of beers at a Honda price.  About 8 or so different beers year round with one seasonal rotation.Enough about the beers, onto the food. Most brewery's have either good beer or good food. This place has both. Or should I say amazing beer and amazing food. I ended up ordering the nachos for a starter. Hands down one of the best plates of nachos i have ever head, and I consider myself a bit of a nacho connoisseur. The nachos are smothered in chicken and cheese. Then they bring you another plate with a dish of tantalizing jalapeno black beans and all the other nacho toppings you can imagine. Also ended up getting the BBQ pizza, enchiladas, and a slow roasted/smoked pork dish. Bring your friends here, a first date, your parents, your boss, your siblings, or just about anyone else you would like to impress.Keep Eating, Cheers!
5	The two beers I had here last night were both great, particularly the vanilla porter, which I finished in about three minutes.  I also had fish and chips, and that too was excellent.  The fish was lightly breaded and perfectly crispy and delicious.  The bartender that served me was as nice as she was attractive.  Happy hour starts at 11, not 10 (as some places say).  The normal prices are good for beer (4.25) and the happy hour prices (3.25) are amazing. There was a very good crowd at 11 on a Thursday night and the large porch was particularly full.
2	The night was dark and hazy, a midwinter's eve that started with promise. A quick trip to the Yelp site quickly revealed the #1 restaurant in Tempe to be, in fact, a brewery. This delighted my boyfriend, a beer connoisseur, and me too, being a fan of highly rated restaurants and anything that makes my man happy. So we headed to the Four Peaks with high expectations and high spirits. Alas, our hopes were dashed almost from the beginning. The hostesses greeted us from the curb. They were extremely young and scantily clad in low, low, LOW slung jeans that did not cover their clearly illegal behinds. The place was crowded so we took a beacon and hit the bar for our first round. The bartender, despite a packed house, noticed us almost immediately and took our orders... the only quick service we received all night. The beers, well, the Kilt Lifter was a fine example of a 80 shilling Scottish ale... but the Raj IPA was heavy in diacetyls and but otherwise a reasonable attempt at an English IPA. Hopknot IPA was above average IPA with pleasing grapefruit aroma.By the time we were seated we were happily woozy from the beers. Unfortunately, it took the bitch waitress nearly 20 minutes to take our orders and another 20 before our meals arrived. Food was decent, although side orders were botched... we DID notice the very nice disposable napkins, which were durable yet soft. Some of the nicest napkins I've ever seen of a disposable nature. Overall, a good people watching experience, very loud and crowded, with terrible service, adequate beer, and generic yet palatable cuisine. Would we go back? Not unless invited by good friends. Overrated.
4	Just my luck...it's marathon day and roads are closed. After a circular route I made it. I think I drove 26 miles (it's about 5 miles) from the airport to get here. And it's crowded for a Sunday morning or maybe it's always like this what do I know. I'm thinking the post race beer drinkers are enhancing things a bit.I found a seat at the bar, NFL playoffs are on the TV, not a bad spot. This place was abuzz with activity. Not a problem, I get immediate service and multiple servers check in with me frequently. Everyone is unfailingly cheerful and helpful. I love that!The Hop Knot IPA, is an excellent choice to pair with the Brewer's Breakfast, which was served on a piece of lettuce for some reason. It was clearly intended to be a garnish, but really just a waste of lettuce. The scrambled eggs were a bit undercooked for my taste, but more than balanced out by the wonderful potatoes.The building rocks. It was a dairy factory in previous life and it's perfect. There are tables right up next to the brew vats.
5	I am not going to make this long as everyone else who has previously reviewed hits the nail on the head. This is a wonderful place to just relax with your friends. The staff is always friendly and accomadating and the food and alcohol selection is incredible. If you have not tried it yet then you are missing out. BTW though the nacho's are a GREAT deal and can be shared with 2-4 people!
4	This place is so cool.  Great food, great energy, great servers!  Wonderful place to unwind after a week full of exams!  Long wait on a Friday night though.  We started off  with the Garlic Cheese Beer Bread - love, so good!  Our meals included the Garden Burger,  Four Peaks Cheeseburger  & Mushroom Swiss Burger.  They were ALL tasty!  I had never had hard cider before and really enjoyed it!  Cant wait to go back!
4	Some of the best beers I've ever had!  LOVED, LOVED the Oatmeal Stout.  It was slightly sweet, super creamy and not bitter at all.  Beer perfection if I ever tasted it.Cheeseburger was good - cooked to perfect medium well as ordered and ratio of meat to bun was good.  Fries are unique.We asked the server where all Four Peaks is distributing and sad to learn that they are only in AZ now.  I cannot wait for this fablous little brewery to expand into Illinois.
3	So it's super cool to go here.. and yes I must admit the people are nice the place is big its fun and delicious... the only bad thing to say is that for breakfast me and my husband wend driving around looking for a good place for breakfast, we finally decided to stop into four peaks for breakfast... he gets ID'ed on his way in and by no means does my husband whose 33 look young... anyway his drivers licenes was barely passed expiration and the guy at the door wouldn't let us in.. I mean he saw that he was over the age of 21 by a long shot. Very rude.
5	How have I not given Four Peaks a review yet?? I've lived in Tempe for 1.5 years and have been going to Four Peaks on a semi-regular basis pretty much that whole time.The food here is amazing. Filling and messy, the perfect kind of bar food. I've tried probably half the menu by now and I have enjoyed it all, but I have a weak spot for the popper burger. A juicy burger topped with cream cheese, jalapenos, and onion straws - it's to die for. The irony for me is I actually don't like beer. But my boyfriend is a beer lover, so we come here a lot, and I really don't mind. I just get a soda and enjoy the food while he indulges in beer. I have tried some of the beer though, and the peach ale is the closest I've come to actually enjoying a beer.The service is great. Every waiter or waitress I've ever had here has been super friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. I always eat outside whenever possible, as the inside can get a bit crowded and noisy (especially when there is some sort of popular sporting event on the tvs), but the tables outside are always great, no matter the time of the year. In the winter, they have heaters, and in the summer they have misters and an outdoor cooler. It's comfortable, and easy to talk to whomever you're with. I don't think I've ever had a bad thing to say about Four Peaks to anyone. When my father came for a visit from out of town, I made sure to bring him there. I recommend this place to everyone!
4	Consistently good food at very affordable prices and excellent craft brews. IPA fans should try "Hop Knot", while those who like maltier beers will enjoy their Scottish Style Ale, "Kilt Lifter", or the Oatmeal Stout, which are all delicious. Their Hefeweizen is also very authentic.
5	Love it
5	We had burgers and fries, also Salmon BLT, everything was great, definitely returning.
4	Their beer is solid and consistent. Not mind-blowing, sure, but it will do just fine on a hot summer day. Occasionally a really fantastic seasonal will blow through. Much buzz surrounds the annual pumpkin porter, but I find it fairly hit-or-miss from year to year (N=2). Generally the wait-staff is attentive and on their game. Once sent a plate back as it wasn't to spec, and they handled it promptly with a hassle-free no-problem attitude. But a little part of me died when I saw that the owner drives a hummer...
5	Love this place all the food is good and so is the beer. They are friendly if its your birthday they give a free beer no complaints here. It is a little pricey and parking is really hard to find but overall worth it.
5	Awesome place!  The Kilt Lifter was so clean/crisp- best I've had in AZ!  Great atmosphere and good service...usually pretty busy but definitely worth it!
5	Alright so I don't give a lot of 5 stars for restaurants or breweries because theres a lot to consider when it comes to my reviews. Were looking at the basics: Customer service, Food, Quality of beer and variety (especially when it comes to a brewery), and ambiance (aka mood or vibe of the restaurant). 4 Peaks just takes the cake! And that's not only because I'm an ASU alum and 4 Peaks has been a staple in my life the past 6 years. But their service, no matter how busy it gets is on point with a smile, Food is amazing paired with their beer, quality of beer is the best in the southwest, and the vibe is always laid back-good times. Happy Hour is a must: Weekly 2-6pm & 11pm-closeNick's Must Trys: Food:-8th Street Ale Chicken Strips-Pub Fish n Chips-Arizona Chicken Rolls-7 Barrel Fries (Beer Battered!)-Brick house Wings with the Stout BBQ sauce are like black tar heroin Desert: (All are delicious & Genius) -Oatmeal Stout Shake-Stoutamisu-Ice Cream Cake Beer: -Kiltlifer (My favorite beer on the market)-Pumpkin Porter (A seasonal also my ^)-Hefenwiezen-IPA-Hopknot-Oatmeal Stout
4	I absolutely love IPAs and they've got two arse kicking IPAs: Raj IPA and Hop Knot IPA. When I had one sip of that hoppity hop goodness, I just had to get another one and another. They also have ciders for your female companion who can't down the bitter nectar. As for food, I've only gotten pizza here, but after reading the reviews, I think next time I will have to venture out into other realms. This place has a rowdy atmosphere and you feel like you're at a real darn brewery. Not just some restaurant that wants to be a brewery. So bring a couple of beer loving friends and enjoy four peaks!
4	Good beer and great food. Never have had a bad meal. They have the best spinach artichoke dip around! The warm pita bread served with it makes it. Parking can be a pain at times though.
4	Good and upbeat place to dine.Love the southwest burger.Excellent microbrew. (I had the Brew Sun.)Plenty of TV's if you're into watching sports.
4	8th street ale is my favorite!  Great food as well you can't go wrong
4	Prices are reasonable and the food is always good.  It may be a typical bar food type menu but the food itself is far superior to what you will find in most bar restaurants.  I even like the food here better than the stuff they serve at some of the competition (chain places like TGI Fridays or Applebees).  In addition to good food Four Peaks has great beer and drinks.  I can't recommend this place enough.Don't worry about the line or the bouncer checking ID at the door.  The service is always fast and friendly even when the place is full to the brim.  There is always a big, big crowd.  If you worry about the noise just sit outside under the misters...
5	Been coming here for years upon years. First off, Raj makes my life complete. Amazing full bodied IPA that isn't too dry. Second, the food is off the charts here..be it wings, burgers, steaks..just get it and put it in your mouth!! Service is a little shady from time to time, but the food runners, and bartenders more than make up for it..find the hidden bathroom?
4	Stopped by my first time last weekend while I was visiting a friend. We came in around 1230 am Sat/Sun and got a table by the bar no problem. My friend says it was surprisingly slow for a Sat Night, but that was find with me. Their kitchen is open to 1am, AWESOME!!! I ordered the Classic Turkey Club w/ beer battered fries. The sandwich was good (no middle bread in their club sandwich, never cared for that middle slice anyways) but the fries were amazing! My friend ordered the wings and they smelled HOT! Im kinda a wimp when it comes to spice, so I passed. I had a good time & was pleased to find out they are a fan of the MN Vikings. Ill have to stop by here on Sunday & catch a Vikes game next time Im up here.
4	It's a nice place to have dinner at or even to come and have a couple of drinks during the week or weekend.  It is a little loud inside so we decided to sit outside. Every single time I have gone it is full of people. Therefore, the service could have been a little better but it wasn't too bad compared to the amount of people who were there.  Their food was definitely delicious! I got some kind of enchiladas and my friend got a hamburger. The enchilada plate came with black beans and rice. These weren't really good but the enchilada itself was. I would definitely come again, we had a great time!
5	My review is for the Scottsdale location.  I really hate to give this place such a good review because if everyone knows about it, I won't be able to get a table.I can't say enough good things, make that GREAT things, about this place.  Service was excellent (as Always).  The Fish and Chips was beyond a doubt, the best I have EVER had.  I said that last time I was here, but I really mean it.  Can you believe, not only was it a good size portion, it was only $10.00.  We had the Almond Amaretto & Cinnamon Ice Cream Cake for desert.  If people were not around, I would have licked my plate.  fantastic!
5	By far one of my top 5 places to eat in the Phoenix metro area. The burgers are very good. But the best is the beer bread sandwiches. Paired with the beer battered fries. Man-o-man.
5	Over the top service. One of my favorite meals of the year..shrimp and goat cheese bruchetta, kiltlifter fillet..blaow!
4	4 stars for the beer and atmosphere!  2-3 stars for the food.I was scouring yelp trying to find a fun place to take some out of town friends who were here from Indiana.  I wanted to show them some fun in our spring desert.  I finally decided on Four Peaks.Park on the street and it is a quick walk.  Saw that a few cars had recently been broken into as there was a lot of glass on the side of the street, but we didn't have any issues.  The patio was very nicely shaded, and with a slight breeze on a March afternoon it was perfect weather.  I was surprised that we didn't have to wait to get seated on a very busy day.  The waitress was attentive (at first) but slacked once we ordered our drinks.  It was a busy Saturday afternoon and we were having a good time, so the slow service didn't bother me.I tried the Kilt Lifter and a friend tried the stout and both were delicious.  They have a "full bar" but they don't have blended drinks.  A friend ordered a cosmo that she said was decent.  Later that evening I found the kilt lifter on tap at a local bar, so it was an added bonus to be able to drink the same beer all day.  The food was mediocre.  If there wasn't so much grease on EVERYONE'S food it would have been a lot better.  I ordered the turkey club on marble rye, and the bread was too greasy/buttery to enjoy.  A few friends ordered burgers and fries that they enjoyed after using there napkin to soak up some of the grease.  I will try to jalapeno popper burger next time and will ask them to not add butter or toast the bun.  Someone else in my group ordered pizza which came out hot and looked like very fresh ingredients were used.  We ordered the nachos as an appetizer and they were just ok.  Big plates made it possible for almost everyone to take extras home.All in all, we had a good time.  The beer and the atmosphere is why I will return to Four Peaks on a sunny afternoon.
4	A fun place to hang out with friends.  The food is generally very good though not consistently so.  The portion sizes are huge so we end up taking something home with us every time.  Their prices are reasonable, especially for the amount of food you get.  Love so many of their beers.  I just wish the beer was colder all the time.  Maybe I'm an amateur beer drinker, but I like it really cold.  Sometimes it's almost room temperature here which doesn't stop me from drinking it, of course!
5	Wow, 4 peaks is amazing!  My dad (who makes his own beer in Oregon and regularly attends  beer festivals to grade the brews) stopped here and told me I must go. I am from Portland and this place makes me feel at home. And the beer is awesome! There were 4 of us who ordered beer and I tried everyones and loved it. I had the hef,  the boyfriend had kilt lifter, and his 2 friends had the oatmeal stout. We ordered the ice cream pie and stoutmiso to share and they were amazing. My only complaint about this place is that it is abnormally too loud. They could turn down the music a few notches.
5	This is one of my favorite spots to eat. Whenever I come I get in almost immediately. The servers are all really nice and the food is amazing. I usually get a cheeseburger when I come here and it is amazing. This place has a great atmosphere for families (with or without kids). You can always watch the big game here or just come for a drink. Always fun and always a great experience.
5	Beer is awesome (first timers must do the beer flight sampler) and I have never had a meal that wasn't excellent!   A quick note, there isn't a/c in the building so keep that in mind during the summer months - although that doesn't stop anyone from going, the place is always jumping!
4	Our group of 4 went for lunch on Mar 26.  I have been to alot of similar restaurnts that serve "bar" food.  We had one salad and three different sandwiches and they were all superior to the usual bar food.  We did not have any beer or other alcohol.  We arrived before noon and were amazed at the number of people there already.  Our waitress was friendly and very helpful.  The menu varied.  The prices are very reasonable.  The biggest problems are parking and the large crowds.  We have been here before several times on trips.  Would go again without hesitation.
2	This rating is tough because the beer is stellar but Im not a huge fan of the food. I feel its average bar food. Most everything is just ok, and there is just one really good item(beer battered fries). I would recommend getting a growler or two and drinking it with some friends at home.
4	I've been to Four Peaks many times over the years for lunch, dinner and drinks and I am consistently satisfied.Their food is great. I've had a variety of appetizers, sandwiches and entrees. Their chicken tenders are awesome. I am not a huge beer person but I love their peach ale. Very light for a perfect sunny afternoon.The only downside is parking and it's always busy. There is parking in the back and on the street. The busy part is probably a good thing though because that means their food, drinks and service are always awesome so people come back for more.
5	You want to go to Four Peaks. Trust me.
4	ALWAYS crowded for a reason! Yummy pretzels, peach ale, and pub food. Never disappointed when I come here.
4	I'd been itching to get to a local brewery during our most recent visit to the Phoenix area and Four Peaks had come highly recommended.  As we rolled through the neighborhood, I was pleasantly happy to see that parking within a block of the brewery was going to be difficult.  This is a good sign of good things to come.The day we visited the patio was packed, so I was a bit apprehensive about a "seat yourself" sign upon entering.  But we were immediately greeted by a friendly server who promptly delivered our beer selections.  Oh man, I wanted to try one of everything, but I opted for the Apricot brew.  (Hopefully I'll get a chance to try the sampler during a future visit!)  We ordered the nachos to start, but got our entrees first.  I tried the grilled salmon wrap and was quite blown away!  I read that the food here was so-so, but I really enjoyed my meal.  My mom and sister also cleaned their plates, so it's safe to say we were thoroughly pleased with each of our selections.Great food, great beer, and great service!  It might be a year or so, but I'm certainly looking forward to another visit to Four Peaks!  Now I'll have to see if I can find some of their brews here in Denver...
5	After reading the past reviews, most of it has been said.  The service was great, the beer is great, and the food is fantastic...  Our visit was late afternoon on a Saturday, and it was crowded and very noisy.  Guess that is to be expected with a college age crowd.  We are elderly, probably don't hear as well as we should, but conversation was difficult, even seated in the back by the beer tanks.
4	A fun local brewery. It has a cool brewery atmosphere with lots of seating and big bar. It was plenty busy, but not overly crowded. I had an afternoon to to spend in the area, so I figured I'd spend it watching NCAA basketball and trying out the local brews. I really liked the 8th st, Kiltlifter, and AZ Peach, each of which was an excellent example of it's style. The Hefeweizen, on the other hand, was terrible - funky and acidic. For lunch, I had the Italian beef on beer bread. Beer bread is like a spongy tortilla, apparently, but the "sandwich" was tasty, so no complaints, and hte fries were nice and crunchy. There seemed to be lots of staff around, several of the bar staff waited on my during my visit. Most of them were friendly, and on the ball. The place had a couple big TVs over the bar but it wasn't overwhelming. I like the setup of the place overall, and they had good tunes playing in the background. My only complaints were the stinky hefe and the first bartender to wait on me was brusque, forgetful, and inattentive.
4	Great food and service. Prices good and lots of food. I had the pizza one night and the carne asado another. Nice cliente and mix of good wht and blu collar, young and old, Nice relaxed vibe. Nice large HD TV's with relevant sports games on.  I will be back.
5	Went to ASU for a racquetball tournament and bothered my boyfriend to take me here since I am a big fan of breweries.  Lets just say this place is VERY good.  The moment we found a seat at the bar, the bartender came up and took our drink orders.  I mainly just wanted to come here for the beer and by beer I really just wanted to try the Peach Ale. The Peach ale was so good!  It had a nice taste but wasn't overly fruity which i liked.  Next wee decided to order some food.  I ordered the chicken strips and my boyfriend ordered the fish and chips.  I wasn't thinking anything of these items when we ordered them, just figured they would be standard bar food and would taste good with alcohol.  I was completely wrong.  The food here was amazing.  I never thought i would rave about chicken strips but they were damn good.  The fish and chips my boyfriend got were equally as good.Overall this place is great.  It was very busy when we went but well worth it.  If i am ever in the Tempe area again I will definitely be heading here!
5	Excellent beer selection and not one , but two great IPA's!! This was my first, but not last time!
4	Great outdoor seating at a converted creamery. I did not eat here. Very spacious inside. Thumbs down, however, as this is a Minnesota Vikings bar. Go Bears!
2	so i have been enjoying four peak for over a decade now. historically the food has been great, the service has been friendly and the beer has been cold. I dont expect life altering things from 4peaks, just these simple things. ....Lately, just simply awful lazy servers, cold fries 6 of ten visits. and the beer keeps arriving warm!! wtf!!!! why? please can someone who runs/owns the joint ask the cooks to serve fries hot, ask whoever cares for the glycol system on their draft beers to fix it, and fire Amanda S??? the busboy was the first person to stop at our table because ha had walked by us so many times and noticed we didnt have anything that he finally asked if we needed help. during the same time our server walked by us on several occasions looking the other way like a dog that shit on the rug and didnt want to look at it.  when she finally greeted us she asked if we were doing ok? again, wtf? Im doing spectacular sitting at an empty table with no food, no drink , and no menu.... what reason would i be sitting here other than to have something to eat or drink?here's the worst part... I will go back, im like a crack head chasing the first high. I just keep hoping that I will get decent service again, or hot french fries, or a cold beer. but I know i wont ever get all three.Im begging you four peaks, spend some of the $$$$ I have blown getting drunk there in the last 10 years on training employees who have a vague idea what they are doing, or at least act like it.PLEASE!!!
4	Met some friends in the area and they suggested Four Peaks. This place was packed! And huge! And every seat around the bar and every table had full capacity. The wait wasn't even that long. Before we were even seated I know it would be a good time.True it's a little loud but between the food, the beers, and the atmosphere this placed rocked.  Everyone at our table enjoyed their food but I can only comment on my own. I had 2 beers, Arizona Peak Ale which was not overly sweet and very delightful, and the SunBru which was also very light and easy to drink. The menu had tons of options to make everyone happy but I felt adventurous and ordered the blackened chicken pasta special. It was in a light herb butter sauce and had roasted corn, bacon, and broccoli raab.  I asked for the chicken not to be blackened (as one of the only people in the city to not like spice food) and they happily obliged. Service was quick and attentive. Guess it has to be with it being packed.If I'm ever in Tempe, I can promise you I'll be back.
3	Serves Kilt Lifter, Hefeweizen - yum. Large outdoor patio is perfect for larger parties, nice laidback vibe. Had an excellent server. Extensive pub fare - nachos are tasty, half portion is sizable (enough to split). Limited lot parking, largely street parking.
4	Out of all the Arizona breweries this was first on our list from recommendations. Spring training was just the chance. We went for brunch There is just something about ordering eggs benedict and a sampler. Eggs benedict was good, but the sampler was better. The standouts were the Hefeweizen, Hop Knot IPA and the Porter.  The brewpub is huge basically wrapped around their production facility. Nothing like drinking next to the kettles. Service could have been better, not bad just not personal. There social media presence is wonderful. So refreshing and exciting to see.
5	Just returned from a great first time at Four Peaks. After much debate on what to drink, I enjoyed a nice, cold pint of the 8th street ale, along with the Southwest burger. Both ended up being excellent choices. The beer was tasty, and the burger was one of the best I'd had in a long time (fries weren't too shabby as well). Service was pretty quick for how crowded it was. Nice establishment.
4	Jeez, everything in Arizona closes early. This seems like one of the only places to go in the Phoenix/Tempe area for food late night. Lots of street parking. Standard bar food but good beers. I enjoyed my Hef :)
4	All the food is delicious!  And the beer of course!  Great atmosphere
4	A good local brewery with excellent food! We had the garlic beer bread to start, which was well balanced and tasty. We had the chicken & avocado beer bread wrap, chicken caprese sandwich and nemo pita. The pita had tons and tons if fish, and they were all large servings. Fries are well battered and very crunchy - just the way I like them!
5	Best bar food in all of AZ! The Nacho & Hummus platters are so good & the burgers are big and juicy. In fact all the food is delicious, can't go wrong. The beers are as everyone knows are fantastic. My fav being the 8th street but their hef is really great on a hot day. The Patio is real nice with the sprinkler system and if there is a game on you can get the outside feel and still watch their big flat screen without dealing with glare. Late night, 4peaks turns into a bar for the hipster ASU crowd but is still a good time. Enjoy
5	I am a huge fan of breweries that can match great beer to great food. There isn't one thing on the menu that they don't do well. And if for some reason you don't like what you got or think it came out wrong, they are quick to fix it and make you feel right for bringing it up. Great service, always. I go a lot so that is saying something. Favorite thing on the menu: Fries, Blue Cheese Burger, and Nachos. Kiltlifter is great. I get all warm and fuzzy just thinking about it.
2	I'm not sure how this place has a 4.5 star average rating.  The beer is solid.  The brewery atmosphere is standard.  The night I was there it had a lot of screaming kids running around.  The food is not a reason to go there.  We ordered their most popular items and they were nothing special.
4	I've had Four Peaks beer before but hadn't made it to the actual brewery in Tempe.We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon and after some parking issues (we have to park on the street!) we realized it was packed.  I thought we'd be waiting 20+ minutes but they got our party of 8 people seated within 10 minutes.  NICE!I had a stout, and I can't remember the name but it was really good.  Our server was very patient and sweet while all eight of us ordered different stuff, wanting to add/leave out the mushrooms, etc.  She got everything right and came to check on us multiple times.  We made sure to give her a very generous tip.My fiance and I had the garlic cheesey bread as an appetizer and split a vegetarian pizza for our meal (and I also ordered a side salad- I was starving!)The cheesey bread was loaded with garlic- so beware.  I'm a huge fan so I was loving the huge chunks of fresh garlic mixed with delicious cheese, but if you were expecting garlic "flavor", it might be a bit strong.The pizza had a great variety of vegetables, and a pesto sauce which was great.  The only drawback is that it was incredibly salty, and I think that was a result of the sodium in the pesyo and the artichoke hearts on the pizza. Overall, a great experience but I'll probably order a different pizza next time.
3	First stop after the Tillman run the other weekend.  Beer was good (Hop Knot was awesome!) and the food was pretty good too though we were very unimpressed by the "hummus".  Service was kind of lacking and it may have just been because of the post race crowd, which was pretty thick.  Will go back if I ever find myself in Tempe again.
5	great food and beer, service , probley the some of the best fish and chips iv had any where. 5 nice pieces of fish and a pile of chips 10 bucks
5	This place is everything I like when we want a good beer and great food.  Hook me up with the fish n chips and a cold 8th Street and I'm a happy man.  I've tried nearly everything on the menu and it's all very good.  The 1st time I had the veggie pesto pizza I didn't think I'd like it and my bud told me he'd pay but I had to try it.  I wound up taking it home.  I've seen other reviews that the food is ho hum.  Loosen up and stay away.  Hard to get a table anyway.
2	Best microbrew in AZ I've tried so far. I only had the Hop knot IPA however:Insanely packed (at least 200 people) loud atmosphere, no parking, a bathroom with 2 toilets- minus a starMenu limited to about 5 food items by sitting near the bar-minus 2 starsThat said the food and service was pretty respectable.If I go back it will be at off peak hours and/or just to get a growler
5	This place is fantastic! Great food, and I love Kiltlifter. It is one of the only beers I will order when I go out, to four peaks or otherwise. Burger was great, bacon on it was cooked splendedly
5	Been here a couple of times while visiting from New York and haven't been disappointed yet. Nice selection of brews on tap along with an anything but typical menu plus I've always been able to catch my game of choice.  Exactly what I was looking for.Thanks Yelpers!
5	This is hands down the best brewery and food establishment I've been to in my 9 months in AZ...nothing can touch it!!
5	I admit I only come here for the beer, but what great beer they have! My cousin loved the Peach Ale. ( What girl wouldn't?) and even I had to give it a double thumbs up. The Oatmeal Stout and Pumpkin Porter are my favs (when you can get them). And the Hopknot IPA is killer too. Happy Hour is the time to go when pints are a smidgeon over $3.00.
4	Well deserved rating! We stopped in for lunch when we were in Tempe for some Spring Training baseball in March. We tried to go there for dinner one night but the crowds were massive.....a good sign. So, we returned for lunch the next day. That was a good move as the crowds were thinner but the atmosphere was still great the the ful menu available.We started with an order of the Nachos and those disappeared quickly.....very tasty. My boys loved them! For lunch, I ordered the Fish N Chips. My wife had the Chicken Salad Pita. The Fish and Chips were terrific; very lightly fried with a non-greasy, flaky touch. One of the best examples I've had outside of an authentic British Pub. My wife loved the Chicken Salad Pita which had a nice flavor and spicy finish. I don't normally like Chicken Salad but had a taste of it and it was great.One son had a pizza.....boring....but the other ordered the Chicken Enchiladas. These were above average but not in the same category as many of the straight-up Mexican restaurants in the area. Not bad but I would recommend sticking with the other brewery fare offered.Overall, we loved the place and will definitely visit again on our next trip to Tempe!
2	Normally I don't have a bad thing to say about Four Peaks (aside from the parking) but after spending over $80 on Mother's Day brunch for low-quality food, I'm very disappointed. We went in for the special menu and found the buffet to LOOK very nice but to fall short of an actual delivery. For $32 per person, we got Eggs Benedict, whose English muffin couldn't be cut with a standard knife (trust me, I tried, and I worked at it so hard I almost knocked the table over), undercooked but okay prime rib (should have had an option for cuts that were cooked more and less fatty - looked like a quality starter cut to begin with). The bacon and sausage tasted bulk-made and the waffles came with a Knotts Breakfast Syrup to-go packet. The salmon enchiladas were the only saving grace on the buffet spread; even the turkey pot pie raised eyebrows since it didn't even have a pie crust?Not the worst breakfast I've ever had, but for $32? I could have gone to Caffe Boa or Golden Corral (seriously, that disappointed with Four Peaks) or somewhere with much better food for cheaper! Now, if there were the option to choose something other than the "Mother's Day Brunch" for 32 bucks a pop, then I could at least say this was my fault, but we were told that was the only option (though later, before 2pm when brunch was supposed to end, I saw "regular" food on other tables). The mimosas were okay, but small and difficult to mess up anyway.The highlight of breakfast was the baked goods - From Chompies. Sorely disappointed in Four Peaks' Brunch. I will definitely be back for beer and bar food, but steer clear of this place for special occasions or buffet brunches. I wish I had anticipated this but I never expect bad things from Four Peaks.
5	Unfortunately, I am not of legal age to drink, so I got a pretty legit Sharpie "X" on my hand before entering.The group I came with was sat in the back towards those huge fermenting canisters. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant/bar and the servers are super attentive...even when the place is packed!!Every time I've been here, their food tastes amazing, and their soda is super fresh! Highly recommend their chicken strips dipped in beer batter.....mmm my mouth is watering just thinking about them. You'll absolutely love their fries too!
5	I think this was the first place in AZ where I felt at home.  being from Oregon, great micro-breweries are a dime a dozen and my dad is an avid brewer.  Long story short, I was skeptical.  Me and My hubby LOVED it!  We felt right at home and tried every beer.  They have an AWESOME IPA and I really enjoyed the kilt-lifter.  To top it off the food was great too.  DO IT!
5	My favorite place to eat in Tempe!   I love love love LOVE Four Peaks.  The food is delicious.  The beer is even better.  Every single thing I have ordered to eat from this place has been delectable.  This is the kind of place I will even gladly order soup and salad at, and I'm not even a soup and salad kind of person.  They have about 10 different types of dressings for salads, and yummy soups that change daily.  Overall, a wonderful place and a must-visit if you are in the area.Favorite Beers: Arizona Peach Ale, Hefeweizen, SunbruFavorite menu items: Arizona Chicken Rolls, Jalapeno Popper Burger, Turkey Club, Chicken Salad Pita, Salmon BLT (and I don't even like fish normally!)
5	Great atmosphere.  Food is always good.  Great microbrew beer.  It doesn't get any better than that.  The only problem I've had is the parking in the area sucks and it tends to be super busy, which means long wait times to get a seat.
4	Great beer, great food, fun place. Always busy for happy hour and on weekends, be prepared to wait.
4	Great beer and ambiance. I recommend trying the Arizona Peach at least once.
4	Great lunch today.  The Salmon B.L.T. Is worth coming back for.  Yummy!!!
4	3.5 stars for FOOD4 stars for BEER (and I'm not a beer person)Came here for happies with a couple of gals and ordered the Arizona peach ale. It was $3.50! It was really yummy considering I know nothing about beer. The food/menu wasn't really that fantastic. I suppose burgers go well with beer but wasn't in the mood for that. I ended up ordered Spicy Thai wings that came with celery and carrots! (gotta have some veggies right?)Another friend ordered a chicken salad wrap and BBQ wings. Portion size was decent but overall wasn't all that impressed. It's definitely a spacious place for big groups. The bar area has TV's and there's a patio with misters, certainly necessary on a hot day.Parking was challenging but was able to find a spot on the street.
5	Usually only come here for special occasions because it can be pricey, but oh so good!  I love the Raj IPA, the salmon blt and the nachos.  Can be crazy busy on Friday and Saturday nights.  Parking is awful.
4	I've been to this place many times for drinks and a few times for lunch. Every time is a great time. The beer is great, I've hung out with friends over a couple pitchers and some fries outside (the beer battered fries are AWESOME!). My last visit I sat inside with my bf and both our parents and it was a bit loud when we were trying to have a conversation. The food was amazing though! I shared the southwest burger with the bf and I sampled a few others off everyones plate. The ones that particularly stood out was the chicken strips and the shrimp carbonara. I will definitely order those next time I come here!
5	Ok so I might be a bit biased when I say this is the best brewery in AZ.  Probably because my best friend works there BUT aside from that this really is the best brewery out that way!  :)Even for someone that isn't much of a beer drinker they have beers for everyone!  They have the Kilt Lifter, similar to guiness that my husband loves all the way t the Peach Ale which is light and sweet and right up my ally.  They provide samplers to see which one fits your taste.Aside from the beer the food is AMAZING.  I love the brunch they have every weekend.  Enchilada and eggs are my fav so far.  The chicken rolls are fantastic especially dipped in the sweet jalapeno sauce.  The sandwiches are fresh and HUGE!!  The service you get here is one of a kind and the place is so big you ALWAYS have a seat.I highly recommend stopping by for a brew and chicken rolls to watch a game.  And make sure to give Michelle a BIG tip!  :)
5	4.5 Average rating from lots of reviews tells it all.  This place is as good as it gets.However if you are Mr. Coors light or Bud Light Drinker BEWARE none of that swill is sold at the bar at Four Peaks, just their delicious brews they make.  This place is ALWAYS and I mean ALWAYS packed, the worst part about it is finding parking, then sometimes depending on the number of IPA's you have finding your car when you leave (just kidding).The food is very good.  I am a huge fan of the Salmon BLT but also love their burgers and have not had a bad appetizer either.  Service here is always attentive and friendly and it seems they are all well trained and know the menu, which is a plus when asking questions.As far as the beer goes, there is a reason 4 Peaks won a gold medal in this years World Beer Competition, its just that good.  I love their seasonal selections, right now its Peach, and the lines will also agree that the Pumpkin Porter is top notch.  Kiltlifter is probably my ultimate favorite while my wife will sip on their IPA all night with a big smile.If you are looking for a quiet place, again this place is not for you.  Its loud, busy and tables are close to each other, but the mix of people in that place is what is fun.  It is probably the closest kind of place you would find in NYC around Columbia or NYU with its mix of people in it.  You will find your normal college kid, your professor type (you know the drunk old guy at the bar) families and old and young professionals.  All getting along!This is just a very good place, we always enjoy it!
4	Try the panko breaded calamari!! Skip the marinara and ask for extra aioli.
4	Typical brew house with great local microbrew!  Order your food and it comes out fast and delicious!  I had the veggie burger with a blonde ale and it was great!
5	Absolutely great, fresh beer and ales made on the spot.Fun atmosphere, limited menu, but good quality food and excellent service.Parking is a challenge, especially at lunch & dinner but worth the effort for the awesome brews!
5	Four Peaks is amazing! The happy hour practically lasts all afternoon/evening and the prices off happy hour are very reasonable. A great Arizona brewery, they serve all their own in-house brewed beers and I've never been disappointed. From the oatmeal stout, to the IPAs, the peach ale and the staple Kiltlifter, everything here tastes great! My favorite (like everyone else I'm sure) is the Pumpkin Porter around the Halloween season. Be sure to stock up on a take-home growler of that. The growler prices are decent, $10 for about 5 decent glasses of beer to take home and put in your fridge. We keep coming back for refills!The service can be hit or miss, depending on how busy it is. I've had some terrible service in the past, but a few times servers have made up for it by comping free dessert (which, once we tried the Oatmeal Stout Milkshake -- go ahead and try it!!). Overall, I appreciate the effort made by the servers, but don't expect anything about and beyond during big games or weekends in the evening.Most food I've tried on the menu is also excellent. I highly recommend the pizzas, or the veggie/turkey wraps. They're very good about substitutions as well. And make sure to try the beer-battered fries!The place gets pretty packed during the ASU school year, so I'd suggest coming earlier for the happy hour, when everything's cheaper anyhow. Great place for parties or groups. Highly recommended, this is one of my favorite happy hours in Arizona.
5	So glad we stumbled upon this place while we were visiting from California. Four Peaks was very good! The beer was extremely tasty & I don't usually care for beer. The food was also really tasty. I had the portobello veggie sandwich on beer bread and the stout-tiramasu. Both were delicious! I will definitely go back when I return to Tempe, AZ. The waitress was also very attentive & the atmosphere was fun!The only bad thing @ Four Peaks is the parking! There isn't a lot, only street parking. The prices were very reasonable & it seemed like a really fun hangout for the locals & ASU students.
5	How have I NOT reviewed Four Peaks yet?!Awesome. Even when its wall to wall packed. Even after waiting in a 2 hour line for the special St. Paddy's day breakfast and festivities. The beers are great. the food is oh so good. you really cant go wrong w/ anything that includes their beer bread. And their breakfast! If you can brave the crowd that comes out for it, seriously do it. One of the best breakfasts in town. Ive had almost every item on their brunch menu, and I cant think of one that disappointed.GO.
4	Enjoyable all around but it's LOUD. Fodo is all surprisingly very good here. Almost as good as the beers!
5	Great place, fun atmosphere, not expensive. Great beer and tasty food :)
5	I have never had a bad experience here, and every single thing on their menu that I have had has been great. Salmon BLT, Spinach salad, Popper burger, Reuben, wings, nachos, artichoke dip, literally everything is so good. And lest I forget the beer. The beer is so damn good. I have tried all the beers, and I love them all. I live down the street and if I ever move from the area, not being able to walk there would make me sad.
5	Just go! This place has the best local brews and a great menu. It's a fun place to go and hang out and in a short 15 years, it's become an AZ staple.
5	Great beer, great food, great ambiance, great staff!  I've been coming to 4 Peaks for years and love the place.  I'm there with my buddies every basically every Sunday for football season and still like to come here during the week on occasion.  The best Microbrewery in AZ without a doubt but the food is also far above your average bar food.
5	Great beer. Great service. Great food. What more is there to say? Highly recommended.
5	Thanks fellow yelpers for brining us to Four Peaks!  My husband and I were stuck in Phoenix for the night and needed a place for dinner.  Ironically we ended up at Four Peaks (a Vikings bar) on our way back home to Minnesota.  My husband loves beer (brews a ton of his own) and especially enjoyed the beer sampler. Trying 10 beers for around $9, yes please!  I don't really love beer so I had a cider and it was exactly what I needed.  For dinner I had the turkey burger with fries.  The turkey burger was standard but the fries were awesome.  I think it was the beer batter.  My husband go the carne adovada and he raved.  I think he may try to convince me to fly back to Phoenix just for that dish!The atmosphere was also great.  It was very laid back and fun to be able to sit amongst the beer being made.  I highly recommend Four Peaks whether you are a Phoenix native or otherwise!
5	Four Peaks is AMAZING!!! The atmosphere, food, and beer is ALL GREAT! They have indoor/outdoor seating and I love coming here with my friends! Their Arizona Chicken rolls are to die for or their popper burger! You can't go wrong with anything on their menu!
5	I'm glad we made the detour to Tempe to make a stop at the Four Peaks Brewing Company. I think I have thought about the Peach Ale every day since. We made our way over to Four Peaks and honestly I thought we were lost before I noticed the discreet little sign. When we went in, I was amazed at how huge it was. About half restaurant and half huge brewery. We decided on a table outside, there were those water misters and that sounded great to me. We decided on two samplers and at $9.00 each, it was a great deal and we got to try everything on the menu. Although Sunbru and the Raj IPA were the notable favorites around Phoenix, I fell in love with the Peach Ale. Too bad they don't bottle it yet. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JzOp695tclcNCNMuBl7oxA#4PgWnlLfgNs8P8uh-Wx6hQWe were not quite starving so we settled on an appetizer and picked the Shrimp and Goat Cheese Bruschetta. The Shrimp were large, served with fresh foccacia and garlicky tasting brushetta mix. It was amazingly good, but the goat cheese was so light and creamy it offset the spice of the bruschetta. It was almost enough for a meal. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JzOp695tclcNCNMuBl7oxA#95xPXeFmqYyPjnLpWdf8UQ and  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JzOp695tclcNCNMuBl7oxA#SWt2-wnXn9qh2tzQeD_tNQI think this place is a must stop. The Four Peaks Brewery is a great local place that has great beer and that appetizer was amazing. I can't wait to see the Peach Ale bottled, because it's absolutely delicious and refreshing.
5	Don't even hesitate about going here. Stop reading reviews and go! Great beers, REALLY good food. Try their wings if you like them - I always loved the Spicy Thai. I moved away from AZ unfortunately, but this is one of those places that I miss and will have to stop in every single time I come back. Go and have one of their beers for me :) Hop Knot or the Hefeweizen were my favorites.
4	This place is great! I went here on a weekday night  and it was packed! Lots of college aged people seemingly having a good time. Despite the packed place we waited about 10 minutes for a table. Food: The food was good. Typical late night eats such as fried food, burgers, and sandwiches. They also had a good selection of beer. Service: Our waitress was very attentive and came to our table to see if we needed anything at least every 10 minutes. No complaints here. Decor: The decor was awesome. Very laid back and the huge beer containers were an awesome sight!Overall, I really enjoyed this restaurant and would return here again if I was ever in the area.
2	I am not a bar person at all. But I heard the food here was really good, so we decided to try it out. We arrived and stood in the doorway, waiting for someone to seat us for like 5 mins while at least 6 girls who obviously worked there just stood around staring at us. Not knowing what to do, we decided to seat ourselves (there was no "Seat Yourselves" sign out btw). We sat towards the back in the quieter section and waited...and waited...and waited! Finally a server saw us and asked us what we wanted to drink and brought us menus. It was while before she came back around to take our order.I ordered the Margherita Pizza well done, and my guy ordered the Green Chili Chicken Enchiladas. Well, when my pizza arrived it was obvious that is was not well done as the cheese was still goopy and white, and not browned and bubbly. My guy liked his plate, but admitted that the rice was par boiled cheapo rice and not as good as many enchiladas he's had in the past. I took my pizza back and asked for Fish and Chips instead, which came out quickly enough, but were just okay, nothing special. When I took my pizza back our server assured us that the Manager would come over to apologize, but he never did!Overall, not impressed! I would never come back.
4	I got an interesting comment the other day when I came to Four Peaks Brewing Co.  "You have lived here for 3 years and never been to Four Peaks?"Okay, I have had Four Peaks Beer at a beer tasting event, but I have never been here.  Now that I have been here, the beer and food was awesome.  A lot of brewpubs will serve you great beer, but the food would not be so appealing.  Sometimes you will get lucky to get a few items on the menu, but Four Peaks has everything from burgers to even ahi tuna.  I got the flight of beer, and they have quite a great variety.  They even had a peach ale beer!  I would say the Hop Knot Ale is my favorite.Another good note is that we came for my friend's b-day, and they give you a beer glass of a beer on the b-days.
5	I have nothing bad or smartassy to say. This place is that good.
5	Pretty much everything about 4-Peaks is great. Food is great. Beer (esp Pumpkin Porter) is great. Brunch is great. Great place to gather your friends. This has been a solid staple of my life in the time I've lived in Tempe.
2	This place is very over priced and no AC not my idea of eating comfortable . The service was good but I was a bit more concerned about sweating my butt off .
5	So, this is one in the series of reviews I'm throwing up there during my #transientweek adventure during the first week of July thru Southern Nevada and Arizona.I normally censor myself to the general public when writing things on-line, but I may say this about Four Peaks - fuck yes. I love this place. Their nachos are humongous and the Kiltlifter always draws me back. In fact, whenever I go to Arizona, it slips into my mind that I need to drink a crawler's worth of it minutes when entering the city limits. Great atmosphere and near Tempe, so all the beautiful people are out. A definite must go to while in the area.
4	Great beer. Prices are a little steep but that's just because I'm there all the time.Try the garlic beer bread and a Black and Tan
2	Stopped in for lunch on Sunday.  I had never been to Four Peaks before but have driven by it and seen how busy and opted to go somewhere else due to lack of parking.  We were lucky to have found a spot about a block away so we decided to check out the place.  It was a hot muggy day and we thought some nice cold beers would hit the spot.  We arrived at the front of the place to see about five people standing around at the hostess spot, not one of them said Hi.  I had to say two please and interrupt their conversation.  We got seated in the back and right away the heat just hit me when I sat down.  I started sweating.  No ac, really?  We are in phoenix and people still use swamp coolers?  Anyways I was uncomfortable and noticed everyone was sweating, like beast. I looked around and saw a lot of college students sitting about and thought to myself... geez this isn't where I would go to pick up on someone, everyone is sweating and looks gross.  I know this place has some good reviews but nothing stuck out to me.  I love four peaks beers normally, but when my server came with my beer it was warm, not refreshing when sitting and sweating.  Food was average, typical bar food.Our server was ok for it being so busy, but I didn't get the warm and fuzzies with her attitude. Wonder if this review will be axed by yelp?? hmm..
5	One of the oldest buildings in Tempe, a real treat to be inside, except during the horrible Arizona summers. The building is swamp-cooled so it is huuuuumid during many days of the summer. It is usually PACKED around dinner time (5-7) most days, and especially on Thursdays. The "DJ" plays pretty good music, I put him in quotes because the few times I've seen the music system it's a Macbook hooked up to someone's itunes collection. No problem with that, though--me and the guy have pretty similar tastes in music. The waitresses here are great nine times out of ten, and they are always good-looking (do they even let males serve here?). The barrel fries are great, even if they are still $5.50 for a considerable deduction in the amount of fries you get recently. They usually have a "special" or "chef's choice" menu where you can get something that isn't a usual menu item. Good for dates. The hefeweizen contains banana clove, which is amazing. The peach ale is a favorite among many women I know, and Kiltlifter is always great if you're looking to take a nap soon (heavy!). My only gripe is that the happy hour starts at 11. Sheesh.
4	its an enjoyable atmosphere for all 21+(: The beer is Delicious and so is the food - However I unfortunately, can not say the same about the HELP.The service was terrible the waitress were rude not only  to us but to each other....
4	Total Tempe staple. And so it should be. I went on a very hot Sunday afternoon and although the wait was ridic we sat at the bar and drank mimosas. I thought $4 was a decent price until I saw the glass she served them in. Pretty small, so I was disappointed. Disappointed left the building, folks, when I got my food. Starving for a good burger I was amazed at  good it was. The blue cheese was crumbly the way I like it. My roommate got the Jalepeno burger and was raving!I recommend going on a week night or early lunch. Gets pretty packed around noon lunchtime and the wait can be not so great.
4	Awesome service and great food! Very busy but still offer great food and service.
3	Great place to come and enjoy food, watch some games (tv's aren't that big but there are a lot of them), and hang out with friends.I sat at the bar where i waited for one of my friends to arrive. Like always the bartenders are nice, trying to work for their tips (can't blame them).  I was promptly asked if i needed a drink and a menu. Of course i accepted. She came back quickly to ask if i was ready to order. I explained that my friend was coming and i was going to wait to order food.No complaints so far, great service.My friend comes he gets his drink order promptly and looks at the menu, i finish my first drink and they come by and get me another. Woah standard bar treatment. who would have thought.Okay anyways thats pretty much the last we heard of the bartenders unless we flagged them down (and i hate doing that cause i feel like a jerk). Anyways we flagged them down for our food order, more drinks, water, and the bill.They would have gotten a solid 4 stars. The service fell short in the end on my experience was a 3 star. The food was great i got the chicken sandwich... it was HUGE, i recommend it. Beer batter fries were maybe some of the best i have tasted. For real i will come back and i hope to upgrade them to a four star...unless the service is the same then it will be 3.
4	So far so good... Wife and I are enjoying our beers and the staff is so wonderful.... I'm going to let my wife talk for a few sentences cause she is sooooo good at this stuff. She's a yelper and made me one too!Hi! Four peaks is a staple go-to brewery to sit back with friends for a brew and even have their good food (which is very hit or miss at most breweries). their fall selection is my favorite and they make an excellent fall seasonal porter and hop knot ipa. their peach ale is sometimes perfect, sometimes too sweet like cider or juice. The place is packed at night, which most of the time is a sure sign of good drinks and crowd. Everyone is friendly and casual which is soo pleasant for the atmosphere. I wish their was a/c which is my only picking right now. Our waitress was so nice. Hubby spilled a beer accidentally and she came quick to help with napkins and even refilled him a full beer. Excellent service!
4	Good food and great scenic views....nice place to  throw back some cold ones and catch a game!
5	The beer is great and the food is tasty as well.  Try the popper burger...I order it with a turkey burger and it is amazing.  It always seems to be busy, which is a good thing.  If you haven't visited, check it out!
5	I think the fanfare for Four Peaks is obvious...and for good reason. Brewery right? So, this means "bar food"? WRONG. The food is to die for. I get the Salmon BLT religiously, the BBQ Chicken Pizza is awesome, the Nachos are HUGE (add the blackened chicken and thank me later), and the specials are usually damn good also. I've probably been here 40 times (conservative number) and while the service can be lackluster, I cannot give them less than 5*. When I say the service is "iffy" it really depends on the server. Some are amazing. One guy I've had multiple times frankly does not give a $hit. And other times, they can just get overwhelmed (this place get packed wall-to-wall, so I can understand some lapses). The beers...AMAZING. If you want to get tipsy, go straight for the Raj IPA. A tasty, hoppy beer that will get the job done. I tend to like bitter beers like IPAs, so I stick to the Raj, HopKnot, and 8th Street. I do like Kiltlifter (probably their most popular beer) but it can start to get too sweet after a few. One thing many people fail to mention; order a glass of water. I know water doesn't sound impressive, but they pour the same distilled H20 they use in their beers and it is the best water in Arizona. Just a thought.
4	Good place to go and have a drink. The pizza at this place is surprisingly good. The have s good selection of appetizers and entrees. They brew their own beer so get it. For single guys this well...the sights are good.
5	I've never had a better French Dip in my entire life. With that being said I've never had a better French Kiss than the one I always get from Teddy G. Oh and the beer's not to bad either.
4	Very good beer, nice atmosphere and nice employees. The food is pretty good as well. I love the popper burger.Do not go here on any night over 95 degrees. They do not have air conditioning but rather swamp coolers, which while they do lower the temp they also raise the humidity to around 500% I thought we were back in Philly! That said we hit this place every time we are in town, which is about three times a year.
4	This is one of the few places I literally get cravings for. Yes, cravings. For a bar. I feel like readers might judge my palate for that statement, but I can't help it; I love me some Four Peaks.Honestly, I'm not even a big fan of beer, but this place was the first that allowed me to enjoy it. I prefer my beer on the lighter side, so I always order a Pale Ale, Sunbru, or Peach Ale (my favorite, great if you like sweet, fruity brews!). I've heard the darker beers are fantastic as well from several beer-loving friends, and the selection has something for everyone.What really gets me here, though, is the food. Oh my god, the food. I have never tried anything here that isn't delicious. If you love spinach artichoke dip, theirs is TO DIE FOR. I won't let myself order this unless I'm sharing it with at least two other people; otherwise, I'll finish it because it's my drug here. They serve it in a huge plate with all the pita bread and tortilla chips you could want.I've also tried the Thai hummus (great spicy kick!), their gigantic burgers, a few sandwiches, and some fried food. All of it has been amazing. For dessert, you can't beat the Stout Shake. And after trying the seasonal Pumpkin variety last fall, I'm looking forward to its return this year!The totally chill vibe and set-up of this place is pretty cool, too. If you don't know, it's not an entirely enclosed space; kind of open, similar to Dos Gringos, with a large outdoor patio area. It does get a little warm in the summer, but it's not too bad. Downsides? This place gets insanely busy on certain nights and weekends. Which leads into the next point: parking sucks. It's seriously horrible. You either have to park on 8th street, off some random neighborhood side street, or try to find room in one of the tiny lots nearby. I always hate the long walk from my car to Four Peaks, and I hate the drunken walk back even more. But I gotta say it's totally worth it.Great drinks, great food, and a great place to hang out with your favorite people. Definitely not your average bar!
5	I had the salmon BLT: it was unique and exploding with flavor.  Loved it.  Tried the Kilt Lifter, it was a very good Scotch Ale.
5	This is by far one of the best breweries in Arizona! The beer, food, service, everything is terrific. This location has a warehouse feel and can get hot in the summertime, so the temperatures go up, I recommend going to the Scottsdale location.
5	You will not find another place like this. The beer is amazing. The food is even better. Try the chicken enchiladas or the chicken strips, you will not be disappointed.
5	Everything about the food and beer are amazing. I go there all the time, but never expect to get great service. That's okay though--obviously they're putting their efforts into what counts, the food. I can never find my server, but other than that one of the best places to eat and drink in Tempe by far.I recommend the Salmon BLT and the Spinach Artichoke Dip... Mmmmmm.... and the Raj! Heaven.
5	I've been here a total of 3 times now and the food never disappoints! This is my boyfriends favorite restaurant and now its mine too! My favorite things are the beef beer bread sandwich YUM and the calamari and the tartar sauce.. omg amazing! The service isn't always great (once we had a wonderful server, the next time our server was inattentive). Also the place doesn't have AC but it doesn't take away from the experience at all. Anyways I love love love this place and its always the the top of my list of where to go to dinner!
5	The menu here hold alot of different options. i have never had one bad thing here. The food is superb. Service is always excellent no matter how packed it is. Just a word of warning, it's a Viking's bar. So be prepared during football season. It is within walking distance of my home, so that's definitely a plus. Lunch,  dinner, late night or even sunday brunch there's never a bad time to go. They also offer growlers and to-go packs if you'd like. I reccomend the peach ale, and oatmeal stout. Also the growlers are re-fillable so you can bring them back.
2	I used to like this place but today it was a big fiasco. I asked for a table inside but I didn't know that they have a section that looks like a pizza parlor in the middle of Idaho. I was expecting to be seated in the main room but that didn't happened. So we moved to the patio. The weather was hot and I didn't notice anything that could help (idk if there were misters but it wasn't that great).I had a heffeweizer and it got warm pretty quick, but oh well.The edamame was good, crispy and tasteful (I always order edamame without salt).But the spinach salad was bad. Lack of taste, the spinach was flavorless, the dressing was boring, all in all a bad salad.My friend ordered enchiladas that were ok if you overlooked the presentation (it looks gross, pools of grease, it could look like dog food and the metal dish doesn't help at all).Anyways, bad salad, bad experience and kind of price for what I got.
4	Not the biggest menu for food, but the beer is delicious and the orange blossom beer is absolutely hands down the best beer I have ever tasted!
4	Let's say 4.5 with a possibility for 5!  This place does pack them in.  I have never really had no luck with parking, but be prepared to look.  Also be prepared to wait if you want a table, but we have almost always had luck with very large bar.Cool interior!  Old building repurposed well.  Comfortable open arrangement fairly well laid out and not feeling claustrophobic.  I was told by a local last night that it was once a creamery.Friendly and attentive staff and atmosphere.  Lots of tvs if that is important to you.  Bathrooms might be improved on, seeming smallish and humid, but fairly well maintained.All that other stuff aside, the beer selections are excellent, plus they have cask sometimes.  I find the Hop Knot IPA to be excellent.Have also eaten here probably four or five times now and not had a bad or even mediocre meal.  I suspicion they have an impressive kitchen and staff since they seem to do the volume, and while not strictly embellished, every thing is well prepared and presented.  An attention to detail is obvious.
3	I liked the food here, and the service has always been good.  I've been here for lunch with coworkers or to watch a game with friends.  No difference in quality at any time.
4	Haven't been here in quite awhile, but this is a pretty great place to have a bite to eat.  It would get 5 stars from me, but unfortunately I went on game day and the volume on the game was so loud it was a bit off-putting.  I know it's a bar and football season so it's not unexpected .  If you are in the mod to watch the game it's a very good place to go.  The real standout thing are the beer bread sandwiches.  They are more of a wrap than a sandwich, but very good either way.  At our table we had the mushroom one, chicken one, and the italian beef one all of us gave them high marks.  They also come with some pretty awesome fries.  How do you make a fry better?  Dip it in beer batter!  Try:- anything with beer bread- ice cream cake
5	Excellent food, great beers, unique atmosphere... that pretty much sums it up. Definitely worth the visit.
5	The best in Tempe. Cheap pitchers, good outside location, parking is usually a little hard though.
2	If you like beer (I'm more of a mixed drink guy) and drunk college students (mostly dudes), this place rocks.  Otherwise it is incredibly humid and sticky inside the warehouse that they have converted into a bar and grill, and the prices are a bit steep.
3	Alright, let me start this off by saying that I had a hard time deciding if I wanted to rate this place 3 or 4 stars.  My initial reaction was a 4, but there are a few things that really bug me here, so I really would say it's more of a 3.5The first negative is parking.  The lot behind the restaurant is ALWAYS full, and good luck finding a close spot on the street.  There's an apartment complex across the street that people try to park in, but you're really taking your chances; I've seen cars towed from the lot.  Next, this place is always so busy.  Recently if I drive by and see it's totally crammed, I just keep on driving.  It's not worth the hassle. Food here is hit or miss for me.  There are certain menu items (appetizers, burgers, daily specials) that are great, and there are others (fish & chips and the pizza) that are just not good in my opinion.  My best advise is find a few dishes you do like, and stick with those:)  The beers here are good, but not phenomenal; it would be nice to see 4 Peaks expand as a brewery with new beers.  The Pumpkin porter here is just so damn good though.  Honestly!  People wait year round, anticipating this beer.The patio here is superb; a great place to spend time people watching and enjoying the weather.  I tend to shy away from here during the summer since the building is open and only has a swamp cooler.  You're either melting on the patio or full of sweat inside.  Gross.All complaints aside, I love this place.  The atmosphere here is laid back and friendly.  Service is always great and food comes out very speedy.  I definitely recommend coming here with friends
2	Beer was fantastic! The music was so loud that I could not enjoy the conversation with my friends. I will not return as my idea of a pub is one where you talk, not shout at your friends. Makes it tough to enjoy the beer.
4	Great beers, foods, and customer service!!Well, the parking is the hell. They really need to make their own parking space. I just got the parking tickets and I saw so many other people got it too....gosh.If there are parking lot, I can give them 5 stars.
5	Do yourself a favor and try it.  I know there is a wait... there is a reason!
5	I love breweries and I love Four Peaks. One of e best breweries in Az. We came here on a Friday night but had no trouble getting a table. This place is huge and packed but still room to move around. We ordered the Hopshot IPA which is a great beer!  I've been here a few time and always had a good experience. I can't wait till the pumpkin porter coming Oct 1st!!!
5	4.5What hasn't been said yet?!Parking can be a pain sometimes. Careful not to be towed.Definitely NOT a beer drinker, in fact I don't drink alcohol AT ALL, but I had a sip of my friend's beer and it wasn't bad! I think it was the Hop Not, citrus-y. I wouldn't ever order a whole glass for myself though...So why do I come here if I don't drink? 1.) What ASU student doesn't go to Four Peaks at least once? 2.) All my friends drink. They are fortunate that I don't drink, so I am always DD. 3.) Their 5 layer nachos WITH blackened chicken. SO GOOD. Warning, this monster can feed maybe up to 4 people. I came here last week and ordered the nachos. It took so long for us (3) to finish the nachos that I had to ask the server to reheat it. They did so with no problem. 4) Cool atmosphere. No complaints about the heat, swamp cooler, sweating balls, etc. They're also opening up a second place off Broadway and Rural, but I'll stick to the original place.:]
5	Good food and beer. A little pricey, but worth it. The pumpkin porter is one of my favorite beers.
5	Not a regular, but my last visit was amazing!! I have unusually high expectations for the service industry (not really but the bar has been set so friggin low) and I was honestly impressed.  EVERYBODY on staff was on point. Hostess, server, busser and food runners were exceptionally efficient and smiled, making myself and company feel like they actually gave a damn we were there. My server rattled off 15 salad dressings without even looking up.... Impressive.  Not a dish, glass or dirty napkin sat on the table for longer than 30 seconds!!  The food was well prepared and was delivered not too quick, not too late... Perfect.  Beer was flowing and tasted amazing as usual.  Our glasses, weather water or beer, never reached empty.  Over all, a great dining experience with nothing to complain about (unfortunately something I haven't had in a long time).  Can't wait to go back!!!
3	Went for lunch on a Sunday.  It was very busy, with a lot of the frat-house college crowd here for the game. We had a large party, and the person organizing our get-together tried to call an hour before we arrived to put our name on the list, but no one answered the phone after repeated attempts.  So, when we got here we waited for a bit outside while some tables cleared out.  When we finally got a table, they gave us a table that couldn't seat all of us, for they wrote down the wrong number of people for our party.  After some more shuffling and rearranging of chairs and tables, we finally got seated.  I tried a sample of the pumpkin porter, and had the portabella-veggie beer bread.  The pumpkin porter was decent, and had a nice pumpkin-spice taste to it.  I wasn't a big fan of the veggie beer bread.  I was expecting more of a loaf-type bread instead of the flatbread that actually came out.  As a result, the dish was more of a wrap than a sandwich.  The interior of the wrap was filled with lots of fresh veggies, but I was hoping to find more portabella mushroom in it.  In addition, the veggies themselves were bland, and so overwhelmingly garlicky that I felt like I could ward vampires away for a mile with my breath.  Despite having a large party, service, once we were seated, was good.  The waitress had no problem splitting our checks, and she refilled our drinks promptly as needed.Another thing to note is that there isn't any A/C in the building, just overhead fans, so if you come on a hot day you might be sweating a bit!
2	I used to love four peaks up until my last visit and my boyfriends visit as of yesterday. We have been loyal customers for the past 3+years and we feel as though they are slowly making their way down the drain.          Let me get into detail here; my last visit the waitress didn't even know she picked up a larger section then she expected so of course we were over looked for a solid 15-25 minutes when  my boyfriend decided to say something to someone. So our waitress came up and apologized LATER with a half ass apology. Excuse my French. We ordered right away, and it took forever to get anything. So my boyfriend decided at the end of our meal and drinks with our friends to pick up everyone's tab since the snooty waitress didn't split the check.  My boyfriends visit tops the cake to where I severely don't want to go back. So my boyfriend had ordered a beer and then came to realize a friends bday was that day so they ordered under 3 shots for the group. After 3 shots they were cut off and they weren't even belligerent, weird. Okay, the thing that pissed me off the most is they accused my boyfriend that he received his pretzel when he sure as hell didn't get it and they charged him for it! Nice!!!! Not. Supposedly they messed up our friends nachos as well. Lastly the waiter was a manager in the end since the first waiter kept messing up, when he cut off my boyfriend and his friends he said even though he has seen us there a lot he had to cut him off because what reason we will never know. But what I can tell you now is that the new staff they have on board isn't the same and makes me not want to go ever again.
5	Super cool place! I was here w/ a group of 15 and they accommodated us nicely, including all of the fun that comes with splitting bills 10 ways. I have bookmarked and will make it back for an afternoon of football. Definitely a place that you can bring anyone to.
3	I'm not a beer drinker so, for me, this place was just ok. Good food, nice atmosphere, nothing to write home about.
4	Get in and try that Pumpkin Porter while you can! It is awesome!
4	Good solid food and excellent beer.  It is busy every day seriously.  I even asked the waitress last night what day wasn't busy.  This is a great place to sit out now that the weather is nice.  It is a little warm in the summer for sure.  Parking is a hassle so just expect that if you go.  I like the wings and salads.  It is a big bowl of salad and I can never finish it. I like the chipotle ranch ALOT. This is the way a brewery should look and feel in a college town.  Surprisingly there is a diverse crowd in this joint not just students. Service is good too.
5	I've always had a great experience with this place.
5	Spent some time in Scottsdale on business and found this place via yelp..... Definitely deserves the great reviews previously posted. The fish and chips, burgers and fries were very tasty and the service was excellent. Best meal I had while visiting Arizona, wish we had one of these in orange county.  Oh and the oatmeal stout was awesome as well..... They sell beer to go here, great idea!
4	One of my person favorite haunts, the employees are all friendly, the food is good and the beer is amazing. This place is always packed being right next to the college
5	It's 4 Peaks. 4peaks is awesome. What more do you need to know???Fantastic beer? Check. (best heff around. Kiltlifter always a staple too.)Great food? Double check. (nachos are amazing, wings are great, margarita pizza is wonderful. You won't get a better Veggie Burger at any other bar in the valley.)Parking? Parking is... well... parking really, really blows.That's pretty much all you need to know. My advice if you don't like crowds is to pick your spots and get there early. (I'll skip going there for the Big Game, as they'll be stupidly packed, but they are my 1st choice for weekend day drinking, and have been for years.)
4	Try the sampler of beer. Can't go wrong.  Get to try 6-8 brews (can't remember)Parking sucks. No getting around it. If your going with a large group, carpool.Good hearty bar food.Its always busy.
5	Hands down the best brewery I have been too.  Most of their beers are better than any other out there.  Yes, the Oatmeal Stout is better than Guinness.  The Pumpkin Porter should be on the menu all year long.  The food here is also amazing! I have not had anything here I found just eh.  Fun place to go, lots of cool people, tvs for sports....If you have not been here, go, NOW!Only bad part is parking kinda sucks since it is so packed.
5	The wait can be a bit long but totally worth it! I have never had bad service and everything I have had in the menu is amazing! Great place to hangout with friends- wish they did have a better happy hour though!
5	This place is truly amazing. Especially if your a fan of craft beer. every beer this brewery makes is masterfully crafted and wonderful to enjoy.       On top of that the food is awesome. It's not your average bar food and has a lot to offer.       There is a patio to enjoy if you prefer to be outside. The patio area is cleverly split into 2 sections one for non-smokers and the other for smokers. The inside is a very nice place to eat as well. The decorations and the brick-house feel are a peaceful yet fun place to enjoy your drinks and food.       For those that care about the atmosphere will especially enjoy the inside of this restaurant as it has the brewing tanks and decorations alike giving you an experience like no other. On top of that the music is actually good. It's loud enough to hear and with musicians like Jimi Hendrix, and Sublime in the line-up it makes for a good night of listening.       The amazing service is also a huge plus. I have never had bad service and everyone is really nice and accommodating.    This is a go-to place for groups of people looking to have fun, and I would highly recommend it for business outings and customer appreciations.
3	I love the place and the set up.  I also like the beers.  The only reason I give this 3 star rating is because the food isn't that great. The first time I ate here was the best but then after that the quality just went down after that. I did try a couple of the entrees but never was satisfied with the meals.
3	Food is always great, service is good and the atmosphere is fun and exciting. My BF loves their beer so that's always a must when we go. The only thing we seriously dislike about Four Peaks is parking. Parking is absolutely atrocious! Its so bad in fact it becomes a reason not to bother going. In the past we've actually spent 20 or more minutes trying to find parking. And this is the reason for my star rating, I'd give it more of a 3.5 if I could. I wish I could give them 4 stars but I just can't, the parking is just that bad, unfortunately.
5	LOVE this place. A great choice for beer lovers.
3	Nice place at best. Food ok but not to rave about. I mean you will have a good time but it is not going to be that special place you have been looking for. Good but not memorable.
3	Whisky selection is limited. But food is good. Crusted calamari is a delicious appetizer
4	Great beer. A flight of 9 for $9 is GREAT. You get a little 4-6 oz tasting of each and we liked them all. My favorite was the peach ale. Had the beer battered fries and our party demolished it. Crispy and well seasoned. Friendly service and fun atmosphere.
4	This four peaks is amazing! However I wish they would start switching out the growlers. I went to go refill my cousins while I was out running errands, they took it, gave it back. I didn't know he didn't clean it and he wound up getting sick. I think they should try to either switch them out like when you buy a keg or try to tell you these things up front.
5	I got the Four Peaks burger with fries and the beer sampler. Their beers are great! Its so nice to have a place like that in Phoenix. And I was able to watch the UC Bearcats bowl game while eating with my family.
4	AWESOME BEER!! We shared the beer sample between the two of us!! Loved it!! Now our favorite list of beers has increased. The food was also great just stay away from the pasta salad, but the beer battered fries are a must!!
5	Two things I always order here:Kilt Lifter and the pretzels!They go excellent together! Try them!
5	Best brewery around. Great food and now have weekly specials!Great Service!Hopnot IPA is a really good IPAPeach Ale is good for a sweeter beer or female
5	Probably my favorite place to go in Tempe. Great Beer made on site and the best "bar" menu out there. There daily specials are always awesome and usually temp me into visiting more time than I should. My favorite plave to take out of town guests.
4	Beer was great, atmosphere was great, food was great.
2	We asked to be sat inside because it was cold that night so we got sat next to an open air door with no heater.  My girlfriend ordered nachos which got cold and hard in minutes and my medium well burger was well done.  This experience was frustrating because we've had good times here but prob won't be going back for a while now.  Basically don't go there on a cold night unless you want to freeze and eat Luke warm food.  Quality has gone down lately.
4	Great beer! great food! great service! Their beer is amazing. I'm a huge fan of the Arizona Peach and Pumpkin Porter. I usually order the same thing every-time I'm there: four peaks cheeseburger or the 8th st ale chicken tenders. They have never let me down so far.The only thing wrong with this place is the parking. It is a total nightmare. With a place this popular you think they would have a huge parking lot. Nope, just a few spaces here and there and a dirt alley.Maybe someday they will expand to the west valley. That would be great!
5	I've never had a bad experience here! Great service, great food, great beer! Get the nachos and definitely try their Oatmeal Stout Milkshake- to die for!!
3	Its been quite a while since I have been back here.  We were kind of on a strike from going to four peaks but I really wanted to try the arizona chicken rolls which tasted like chicken salad (not grilled like it says its supposed to be) rolled in a puff pastry and the sweet jalapeno sauce is the reason i wanted to try it so bad because i love that stuff on the southwestern burger.  I have never hated anything before at four peaks and last night my boyfriend actually said it. "I Hate this, i do not like this at all; it tastes  like chicken from a can" Thats what it tasted like. I was expecting some grilled chicken and in chunks not a salad mayoish filling. Severely dissapointed twice now. It seems like service and food are starting to diminish before our eyes.SO SAD :(
5	Raj and HopKnot IPA are excellent, sometimes they have a nice cask. Food is always very good as well. highly recommend.
5	Four Peaks is better than good sex. That is all...In all seriousness, it is. The reuben, the first and chips, the beer flight. This is the best joint in Tempe hands down. I have had occasions where I've eaten here 4-5 times a week. Parking can be a little tricky especially on weekends, but hell, I'd park in Mesa and walk to Four Peaks if I had to!
5	Best brewery food I have ever had. Staff is cool and not pretentious beer snobs.
3	I don't see what the fuss is all about. The food isn't worth going here for, and every other bar in town serves the same beer.
5	This place is the best! Their food is amazing-especially their beer bread!! Also- the beer is great! This place gets extremely packed early and it lasts all night long, but it normally doesn't take too long to get a table and even if it does it's worth the wait!
4	This place is a pretty decent restaurant/brewery. The food was on the upper end of good, and there was a lot of it that sounded tasty that I didn't get a chance to try. The real reason, for me anyway, to come to a brewing company is to try their beer though. Their lineup is relatively extensive including all the regular types of brew from IPA to stouts. What you should do if you're really looking for something special though is ask about their seasonals or unique beers. They have some great ones in casks and off their main tasting platter depending on when you go.Also, DEFINITELY get the Oatmeal Stout Milkshake for dessert...even if you don't like oatmeal stout beers you'll enjoy this treat.
5	Four Peaks Brewery is by far my all-time favorite place to go to on a Friday/Saturday night. I recently moved away from Phoenix and will greatly miss this place on the weekends. Their beer is off the charts when compared to most others. The Kilt Lifter and the 8th Street Ale are a must for any beer conesieur. Even if the food was bad I would still come here as regularly as I did but luckily the food is amazing as well. Great atmosphere, friendly employees, inside a large brick building with a beautiful outside patio.A few negatives to mention....-Parking can be a nightmare so be prepared to walk some distance.-They can get crowded quickly and wait times for a table can get lengthy.A must stop for anyone who visits Phoenix/Tempe!FYI - The Peach Ale works great to occupy members of the opposite sex who have little interest in beer ( or any buddies whose alcohol preference is questionable).
4	Really good food for a brewery and of course the beer is delicious. The service is hit or miss, been here quite a bit and some servers have been great and some have disappeared off the face of the earth. Would be back though
4	I have really enjoyed this place every time I've been. The service has been quick and friendly. The beer is good- I usually get the Kilt Lifter. The food has always been tasty in my case! Large appetizer portions that could be a meal in itself. I've gotten the portabella veggies beer bread a few times and let me just say that it is freaking amazing and it's a decent price too!
4	Great brews to be had at Four Peaks.  Overall great place but the beer is the star as far as I'm concerned.  I chose the four peaks burger and fries with the beer sampler.  YUM!  Tasting the different beers was great.  Service was decent.  A bit crowded which slowed things down a bit but not too bad.  I will be going again for sure.
5	Yummy food + good looking/friendly staff= happy Chandlor :) needless to say I'll be back!
4	Well, I rolled up around 5pm and there was plenty of street parking available. Seems like a bunch of famous Phoenix/Tempe restaurants have been plopped down in residential areas - very strange. Happy Hour runs to 6pm only, so I slipped in three craft beers (why are they not letting you get $1 off seasonal beers either?) and was hoping for food specials as well. This is not the case here as only beer is discounted and only by $1, but some kind of food should be included in happy hour deals. After a  switch of seats at the gigantic bar, I ordered the Blue Light Special burger cooked well done and loaded with blue cheese crumbles and average bacon. The bun was really good and the beer battered fries were another highlight. Those things are crispy, crunchy and don't taste deep fried like most battered fries have tasted in the past. Some guy next to me ordered a giant portion of chicken fried steak too that looked good. Burger was top notch (claims to be fresh ground), bartenders were all friendly and I have no parking complaints, so this was a good experience for my debut here.
5	A great balance of  beer, service and ambiance is sometimes difficult. Not here, this outstanding restaurant/brewery has it all. A must do for anyone of all ages living or stop over in Tempe AZ.  I really had a great time drinking some great beer and the food was outstanding but the best part was the climate and staff.
5	even on valentines day....this place is just so good! no wait to sit. i had the beer bread veggie wrap. it was too oily this time, so i doubt it was any healthier than the fish and chips, but it is always so darn tasty. beers? everyone already knows how good they are. and service has never been less than outstanding. nothing new....
5	There's a reason this place has a 4.5 star rating out of nearly 800 votes - it's quite possibly the best restaurant of its kind in town.It's elevated bar food. Their menu is enormous with appetizers, burgers (turkey is an option - thank you!), pizza, salads, you name it!  The food ALWAYS comes out hot and super fast. I don't know how they do it - it is always busy there, and they always perform.  I am so impressed with this place and their attention to putting out flavorful, high quality, hot food.The service also never skips a beat, and again, they're always busy!  So friendly with a lot of hustle.The beer is fabulous too. My fav is the Hop Knot IPA and my husband loves the Sunbru hefe.If i ever moved, i think i'd miss this place the most. It's reliably delicious and i always walk out of there in a good mood.
4	I will always like Four Peaks for what makes Arizona great.....drinking outside on a great patio. Just awesome. That's really why I come here.  I have fond memories of this place and many happy hours. It's also where I got to know my husband through intimate conversation over a few pints while we were dating! I'm a huge fan of the peach ale. Simply delicious. The food is good, but a little greasy for my usual taste. Bar food though, so it goes well with beer. I ordered the margarita pizza and my husband got the beer bread wrap. His wrap was swimming in grease on the plate, which was kind of a turn-off. My pizza wasn't bad, but again, I come for the beer. Friendly service, decent prices.
5	Probably my favorite burger joint in the Valley!  We have been as a family many times.  Service is usually really good, unless there's something going on in the area and they are slammed, but that's the case anywhere.  The fries are out of this world and the prices are great!  One of my favorites! Definitely a go to place!!
5	Awesome place with big portions and ice cold beer. Service is mostly hit but sometimes miss. This usually happens when they are busy though so I don't blame them. Try the BBQ chicken pizza and their chicken wrap. A nice cold sunbru to top it all off.
4	Great college town brew pub. Amazing beer with a good menu of good food. Busy atmosphere. I will go back.
4	The food is always consistently great, the beer is excellent oatmeal stout! I've come on a game day, a late night, and for lunch. Even with the place being packed the servers and service are always quick and polite. Lunches are a lot of fun because its more relaxed. Parking is hilarious but there are plenty of spots down the way so a brisk walk will only help you gain an appetite.
4	Meeting the guy I'm dating for a quick moment of happy hour. He chose Four Peaks. It's jacket weather on a sunny day, but loved the patio. This place is happening and has good, friendly staff and good brews all it's own namesake. A decent menu of apps and foods. We arrived at about 400p on a Friday afternoon. Could very well have been standing room only, but luckily my quick, savvy, obviously traffic dodging guy got there to secure a good table before me. Since I am more of a wine and vodka girl, I don't know beer that well. I always have to ask the difference between dark, lager, ale and stout. The waiter was busy but he suggested I try samples to make my choice. I won't lie, the Kilt Lifter wasn't as dark as I would like but the Oatmeal stout was too... well... stout! A stout that stout needs a half hard cider for me to be able to hang! Ummm that isn't to be here at the 4 Peaks. AND that is okay:-) Of course, the lightweight I am, I had 3/4 of my Kilt Lifter and was gonna have to submerge it with a little food action or I was gonna be very tips! We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip. Generous portion of sharing goodness. Lots of fresh triangles of pita and crisp, fresh warm tri colored chips. The waiter also kept our waters filled. Important to a girl like me when enjoying libations of alcohol! The brewery is near ASU, so it's a mix of alot of collegiates and many, many biz men and older couples. No worries on ambience. It's a popular, happening place. Lots of fun and good beer. Parking a bit of a crank. But not as bad say in larger cities. End result. 4 out of 5. :-)
1	Apparently, silverware is to much to ask for. By the time she had any interest in my experience my food was cold. I sent it back, and was assured a 'new' one was being prepared. When the same plate reappeared the plate was hot, both in the rim and underneath, and steam was coming off the veg. The now rubbery $20 fillet had been microwaved to a hefty medium (ordered MR). I was truly excited for this meal, and worse, an out of town family next to me at the bar experienced the dissatisfaction I generated. She also argued weather it was microwaved or not, and provided a list of excuses.When I go out, I don't pay for excuses or conflict. I just want a fucking steak.
5	Top Four Reasons I Love Four Peaks1.  My man can get tipsy on "Kiltlifter" which he love, loves and it makes him happy.  It seems like all the boys love the Kiltlifter2.  The pasta salad and steak sandwich are super freakin good3.  I love that little doll face Courtney at the Tempe location, she is super sweet and she is always on it4.  Your chicken rolls are greasy, fattening deliciousness and that jalapeno dip kills me because I am a baby with spice, but it kills me in a good way5.  There are always suckers on the patio willing to bet my girly friend that she can't out chug them for drinks, and we ALWAYS be winning! Yeahhh!
5	Omg...just shut up and take my money.You either hate good food, or hate beer if you don't like 4 Peaks. If that's the case you're a bone head (and a slew of other things Yelp won't let me post). This is a family joint, and I digress...Guh, a wonderful gem Four Peaks is...hidden in a Tempe neighborhood and easily accessed. They have all the space to do what they want, and that convenience is passed onto patrons.You want to belly up to the bar? Do it. Outside Seating? They will provide, inside...yeah, duh. Service is top notch...they move fast, but still allow you to have a good, well paced, time. The Beer, well of course: It's great. The food. Get anything...all of it amazing.My favorites though? Sunspot Ale, and the Salmon Burger/Sandwich. Heaven.4 Peaks...While I appreciate the super fun food trucks at the other location, I'd really like to have the ability to eat some of your wonderful food there as well!(That's right folks, they've multiplied...)
5	Excellent!!! Vibrating place for sure. Awesome beers and good food tooo! Try Rolls, Pretzels, Hummes - some of my favs! Must visit!!!
5	This is the spot for beer in the valley. It really doesn't get any better. Great beer. Great food. Great service. 8th St Ale is my favorite and their Southwest Burger is so good! Also the Sunday brunch is great too. Lunch or Dinner or just a late night hanging out at a casual brewery drinking the best beer in the state of AZ!
5	This place is AWESOME! No complains from me here, the food, service, beer and atmosphere is great. Multiple Ty's, good size bar and the wait was minimal for a Saturday night though it was Spring Training and a NASCAR race was in town. Highly recommended!
5	OMG is Right,,, Been "thinking" about going up to try breakfast and finally made it.. The Food is AWESOME,The Huevos Adovada ExcellentSoup n Roast Beef Samich - ExcellentBreakfast ??? Beer Bread - Kinda like a burrito ExcellentEggs Benedict - ExcellentBeer was already know excellent , my Fave is Kiltlifter.We went with some friends and though parking was a little issue, but once we got that straightened out, the smell of the food was on point...Menu took us awhile as nothing rang out to be the perfect match up,, but let me tell you,,, all 4 of our dishes were on point, I dont normally give anything 5 stars but this place just made the #2 spot of favorite places to eat... The Beer did help with that, but will def be back !!
4	I just think that this place oozes awesome.  It's tough to beat a huge warehouse turned brewery / Irish themed establishment.  I was merely there for happy hour, but was able to get the cheesy bread w/ marinara and a few lovely pints of their Hop Knot I.P.A.  Anyone wanting to check out a brewery should start here - this is the epitome of that here in the Phoenix area.  I've been to SanTan in Chandler but won't be going back there for a number of reasons.I don't know if the parking is something that can be fixed, but that's really the only drawback I can think of - oh - that and the guy is a Vikings fan.
4	Great Place for beer, but be forewarned to expect a large and youthful crowd as ASU is nearby.  I came on a Wednesday night and squeezed my way up to the bar for a seat, and ordered a sampler platter of their beers.  My tasting notes are as follows (your mileage may vary):Sunbru Kolsch - just okay, too light for my taste, but probably nicer for the light beer drinkers in your group8th Street Pale - very goodHop Knot IPA - solid IPA, very good with nice citrusy/floral hops to itRaj IPA - english style IPA, I didn't care for this oneBlack IPA Seasonal - was very goodPeach Ale - not my fav, but very peachy if you are into thatOatmeal Stout - pretty solid, not too thin stout.If around the Phoenix area, I would definitely order one of their beers if on the menu.
5	This is my kind of place: Beer made on site, awesome food menu, cool crowds, sports on TV. I would consider living in Arizona just for this place...well, ok, maybe not. But I will come back here.For beers, I'd recommend the Raj IPA and the Kiltlifter (which you will find offered at nearly every bar in Tempe, by the way).They have some good vegetarian options, which made me happy. I went for the Portabella Veggie Beer Bread. I have to say that the title made me think it would be a portabella mushroom sandwich. It's actually a wrap. And I'm not sure how it's "beer bread"; it just seemed like a tortilla. But it was good anyway. Definitely go for the fries, no matter what. They are beer battered and delicious. I'd recommend the calamari appetizer too, but beware it's strips of calamari, like chicken strips.Enjoy!
1	Tried to dine here last night and I have never seen such an unprofessional group of people running an establishment. I was in town for 5 days with a group of guys for Spring Training baseball. This is the 7th year that we have done this trip. It is a group of early 30 year olds and our fathers. We eat all over town and spend alot of money each year. We arrived at the restaurant by taxi and got our table immediately. We sat at our table and were greeted by our server. We ordered a round of drinks for everyone but one, and immediately the server said that one person in our group wasn't allowed to be served until they ate a little bit. Understandable, I run a restaurant in Vegas and know liquor liability and it was responsible of her to make that decision. But then the manager who looked as if this was his first restaurant job shifted the situation and said he couldn't serve any of us. This immediately pissed us all off and ruined our experience. The server already cut one person off and the manager blew this situation out of proportion. Not only did he lose a customer but I am so irate how he embarrassed our table and made our experience unbearable. He is a terrible asset to your company and should never be able to run a restaurant again. He lost money from your restaurant from people who all work in the hospitality industry in Vegas. I expect the company to have better standards as I know this company has a good reputation in AZ
4	We were looking for local brewers to try and this was a great find.  The place looked PACKED but we only had to wait 15min for a table and were able to grab a beer at the bar while waiting.  The prices weren't bad (around $10) and the beer was pretty good.  It was nice that the menu had suggested beer pairings with the food choices.  We also liked that you can buy cases onsite.  The place is huge and impressive, it's a nice atmosphere especially with such a huge and noisy crowd.  The service was good and the manager was making the rounds, a nice touch.  Thanks for a fun and memorable evening out!
5	Okay so I have mixed up my breweries (My last review was for Popago Brewery oops).  Let me set the record straight.  This is the best brewery I have been to in Arizona!  The menu at this place is HUGE!  Although, you need look no further than the appetizers menu.  PLEASE order the Arizona Chicken Rolls.  With the perfect blend of sweet, spicy, crunchy, savory, ummm these are SOOO good!  My boyfriend and I have split the bleu light burger which is fantastic!  I also got the cobb salad which you can get a half order of (still a good size if you are getting appetizers and drinking beers).  Everything we have ever gotten there is fantastic!Now for the beers!  These are GOOD!  I like a lighter beer so I recommend the Sunbru and Peach Ale, but everyone who goes for the darker ones are never dissappointed.  They also have a seasonal pumpkin porter which is a little heavy but still really yummy.  This place is hard to find, but worth the search.  It is off in a random little neighborhood in Tempe but I am telling you now SEARCH FOR IT!!  Excuse all my caps in this review, but yes I promise you it is that good.
5	Located on a side street near a park, this place is Tempe's best restaurant. If you go after 5 or on weekends, you will have to wait. There's a nice park within walking distance to kill some time.The service is great and the food and beer comes really quick for such a big busy place.Almost everything I have had there is delicious.  The Sunbru beer as well as kiltlifter is fantastic. The AZ chicken rolls are amazing. You can't go wrong, the food is great.This place is awesome.
5	Parking is brutal and the place is a madhouse...still 5 stars. Cool atmosphere, good food, GREAT Beer. Servers were all cute and very knowledgable, no complaints there. I was in town for a busy spring training weekend so not sure if its always that packed but based on reviews I see how it could be. Check it out when in Phoenix area.
2	i was visiting from out of town with a group of friends. i'm not a big drinker and i'm mostly vegan. i just had dinner before coming, but was still hungry and there was not much of anything healthy on the menu. i asked the waitress if they might be able to accomodate a special request of a bowl of greens only with olive oil and vinegar. she asked me if i wanted a small or large and i stated a "large side salad". it came out and was a nice portion. but then the bill came and it was for $9 - the cost of a regular entree-sized salad with toppings. i asked the waitress if anything could be done about the price. she hadn't been carrying around the best attitude in the world, but it got even worse when i tried to reason with her on a price for a bowl of lettuce - LITERALLY. she told me that's the price. made it clear she wasn't interested in talking to or helping me any further,  and got the manager. that's when things got weirder.the manager came over and asked me very aggressively if "there was a problem." i explained the situation and that i thought there was a miscommunication. don't get me wrong - i was completely willing to pay a reasonable amount for a bowl of lettuce (LITERALLY!), but i felt that $9 was not very accomodating. he puffed about it and said he would just make it a side salad - which was actually less than i was willing to pay, but he didn't seem open to discussion so i didn't extend the conversation.after the bill was dropped off and paid for, he came back - this time to the side of me in a very aggressive and intrusive way - and LECTURED ME on how to order next time and that they can't take special requests like that. it was incredibly bizarre and clearly this big man child has some anger issues/lack of social awareness. i didn't even bother to look at him or respond. the whole table was weirded out - way to cause unnecessary friction between your establishment and eight patrons DUDE! i realize this is arizona, but this is also 2013. a lot of people have dietary restrictions and find their place at your restaurant for some reason (in my case, social reasons). from time to time, special meal requests are going to come up. my suggestion? try to be politely accommodating instead of acting like a bunch of irritated, angry babies. it's not that difficult. and if you can't do it, don't serve or manage a restaurant.
5	great atmosphere. the kind of brewery restaurant ive been looking for. mr easton was ok, just let me be at the bar. Never thought of having osso bucco at the bar, but it was great as well as the stout! originally planned to go for dinner in the weekend, but it was so packed. it's good that i went during the week instead, not too busy and crazy.
5	If you went to ASU or have any friends that went to ASU you know this is the place to be. Litterly full every single night of the week, the most amazing thing about this place is that the food is better than the beer. That isn't to say the beer isn't good, because some of it is great. Because it has become so large and so popular my only negative about this place is the fact that their seasonals and limited release list are so small and far apart. Then again they didn't become so popular by not having great beers. I'm a hop knot fan and if I'm at a restuarant that doesn't have a beer I haven't had or something I think is better it's my fall back favorite. All the beers are of great quality and while service can be slow at time (because of the massive amount of people there) it's absolutely worth the wait.
5	Four Peaks is amazing! Every Monday on my day off I look forward to eating the delicious food. The service is very good and the atmosphere is great. A great Tempe spot!!
2	Service is iffy. Sometimes I get a great waitress, sometimes a terrible one. The beer is great but the food is overpriced and some dishes are really not good. My friend had to spit out the calamari. I thought the quesadilla was gross (had the taste of processed cheese). Some dishes are good though. Burgers are good, the beer bread is great. Their pork and bean dish is very good (but the beans are bland).And the parking situation, oh lord, don't get me started. Prepare to park 1/2 a mile away on the street. Seriously. And turn in your side view mirror or some drunk college student will break it off.
5	Some of the most unique and delicious appetizers!  Spanakopita, Garlic Cheese Beer Bread, Thai Hummus are my go-to treats.  The patio usually stays packed until closing time (Thur - Sat).  Love that spring breeze and vivacious atmosphere.  Oh yeah, the beer's good too ;)
5	You can NEVER go wrong here...EVER! What a fantastic setting with great food and tasty craft beer. They have this multi-grain BLT blackened salmon sandwich that is one of the best things I've ever eaten. Had a "flight of beers" and tasted all of them...fav's were heffeweisen and peach ale. Great great service too. This place is a home run.
3	Food was decent and beer was good.  Atmosphere was fun.  The popper burger was a bit too much.  The beer garlic cheese bread appetizer was excellent.  Chicken wrap and French dip were ok.  Pasta salad had too much dressing.  Fried were good.  The sampler beer flight was fun.
4	First time here, came late night around 12am. My friends and I didn't order any food but we had 3 pitchers of there beer. Peach ale, pumpkin porter which is their seasonal, and kiltlifter. All 3 of those beers were amazing. Our server was Melissa and she was outstanding, at our table a soon a the pitcher was empty everytime. We can't wait to go back
4	Love the Tempe locations vibe .. Good Beer -good food.. We stop by once a month or so for years now.. BIG FAN - you will not go wrong here!!
5	Best beer and pub food in Arizona. Love taking out of towners here for a great experience.
4	Great atmosphere and delish food...try the carne adovada with fried eggs...delish!  you might want to share it though because it's huge...was also happy to know there was pear cider for the non-beer drinking pretending to drink beer.
3	So many great memories here.. but 3 stars only. It's too cramped for my taste. The food is just edible and the parking is horrible.However, the beers are pretty good. They are worth the bad hangover you will have next day and the mile walk from parking spot.
4	So I went to the Four Peaks Brewing Co on a date recently and I have to say it was a pleasant experience. Other than the hostesses being a tad unfriendly (I understand they are stressed) and the "bouncers" being unwelcoming, everything else was decent. We walked out after having a beer, a mixed drink and two meals for about $35 which I'm okay with. The place is pretty loud but I guess that's part of the ambiance. I'd go back, perhaps not on a first date though because I couldn't hear him haha
5	-As far as I know, Four Peaks is really the only big brewery in Phoenix. I went some years back, but loved it!-This was one of my first ever samplers. Their IPA, Hopknot is delicious! It comes for sale in cans. I can't recall any of the other beers names, but all were good I do remember that.-The place is huge and you can sit right next to the beer tanks while you eat and enjoy the beer.-Lots of great merch from glasses and tshirts to other fun stuff. They also have great coasters. Check them out, awesome website
4	Awesome Atmosphere and Awesome Beer.  Great building with plenty of outdoor seating.  Got the Fish n Chips and they did not dissapoint.
5	We descended on Four Peaks for a reunion with friends who moved to Atlanta a few years ago.  I think the original reservation we had was for about 20 people.  The group continued to grow and until we were about 40 deep.Through it all, our server, Jessica, got drink and food orders in and out of the kitchen and bar with incredible speed.  As our group grew, tables magically appeared so folks could sit down and order.  She struck the perfect balance of being helpful but unobtrusive.  Not one complaint about food, and no one had to wait for a drink.  Jessica did it all with a smile, and I really appreciate her hustle and effort.  Four Peaks has a great system for customer service, amazing beer, and pretty good food.  I will be back, and hope to see Jessica as a leader when I do.
5	Love this place! Great food with big portion size and we love the beer!
4	I've always been a fan of local beer - and four peaks seems to be one of the more prevalent breweries throughout the Phoenix market.  If you homebrew or have ever been around someone else when they've been working on a batch then the first breath that you take once you step through the door will elicit memories of those batches.  The aroma of the steeping grains is one of my favorite parts of the Four Peaks drinking (or in some people's case - Dining) experience.As far as other notables, I'd recommend the Tempe location over the North Scottsdale location off of ambiance alone - though parking can be interesting.  And lastly, The Pitchfork IPA is fantastic.
5	We went there for Mother's Day brunch. They had a special menu.  I chose the chicken enchiladas with scrambled eggs on top.  Sounds strange but it was fantastic.  I asked if it was on the menu and our server said the enchiladas are but if you ask for the eggs they will do it for no extra charge.  We will definitely be back to test that theory.  The food was good, the atmosphere nice, service excellent.
5	Try the specials... always amazing!  I really like the carne adovada... but once I tried the specials I have never ordered off the menu again.  These chefs really know what they are doing.  And the vegetables, wow!  How do they make them so tasty everytime?  I think kids would even like the way they prepare vegetables.
5	Love Four Peaks.  Always packed with people- so make sure to go in expecting that and some difficulty parking.  Fun place to go with a group of friends.  Love the Hopknot- nice strong beer.  The food is always great too.  Nice place for day drinking on the patio!
2	Maybe it's because I live in the excellent beer city of San Diego, but I was definitely underwhelmed by the Four Peaks brewing company. The beer isn't bad, but the food was less than desirable. The "beer bread" is basically a thick flour tortilla. It is nothing special. The pasta salad looked like somebody regurgitated it into my plate. I took one (small) bite and almost vomited. Needless to say, we won't be returning here anytime soon. On a positive note: our server was excellent.
5	Came here the other night and were lucky enough to have a cask keg of HopShock IPA!! Wow was so smooth and fresh. Possibly the best beer I've ever had. Cask make it taste so different and smooth compared to draft or cans. Also had the black IPA which great too.
5	What's to say about this place that hasn't already been said after 801 reviews! It's fabulous! Great beer, great food, great service. They hit the trifecta.Not only that, but I love that there is a wide variety of people here. Families with small kids, hipsters, college kids, old folks...everyone come on down! No one is out of place. We bring our kids all the time.Last night I had the salmon blt and it was delicious! Hubby had the beer battered chicken fingers (his fav, he gets that every time). All of their beers are fantastic, but I particularly like the oatmeal stout and the peach ale. Hubby LOVES the bourbon barrel ipa but that one is seasonal.Great place!
5	we had a great time here.  i really like the casual atmosphere.  they have many tv's for sporting events.  the beer is excellent!  my favorite is the peach and sunbru.  kilt lifter was my husband fav and my nephew loved ipa.  you can't go wrong here, there's a beer for everyone's taste.  now the food is worth twice what you pay for!!!!  everything we ordered (there were 5 of us) was delicious.  no one had any complaints.  we highly recommend this brewery.
3	Didn't have any food here as I had already ate.  Tried all 3 of their IPA's on tap, and they were all just ok.  Friendly service, but I came looking for tasty brews.On the plus side, if you're a mule junky like me, they have Gosling's ginger beer here.  If I had it to do over again, would've skipped the beer and muled it up.
5	Been coming here for years.  Fantastic beer.  Great atmosphere inside and out.  It's fun to sit outside and see how many folks can't parallel park (me included for the record). I also like that the building has a bit of history to it, with all of the new building in AZ, that can be hard to find.  The other major bonus is its very close to ASU so it's perfect for after and before sporting events.
5	Having recently moved into the Tempe area, I found myself at a loss for which restaurants faired the best. Naturally I asked many for their opinions and a slew of places were recommended. However I noticed some of the restaurants were disliked by a few people when I mentioned another's recommendation. Only one establishment seemed to convey great reviews across the board, Four Peaks. Naturally I had to try it. My first visit, with my parents, was slightly overwhelming. The parking situation is subpar so prepare to walk a bit to your destination. Hardly a bane to my experience though as for the second my family and I were seated, I knew I had gone to the right place. The building itself seems to be the shell of a has-been factory of sorts. The large wide open spaces allow for maximum seating arrangements, which translates into a short waiting time. Servers here tend to be on the up and up when it comes to taking drink orders and providing refills. While I wouldn't call it a five star service, the managers clearly have constructed a solid waiting plan that finds a nice balance between giving regular service and your personal space.  Make no mistake, Four Peaks is a brewery. Through and through. The beer is the number one priority, and boy do they deliver. Being the first timers that we were, the waiter suggested ordering a sample platter of beer so as to try each one and perhaps find a favorite. He was adequately knowledgable about which beers would fit which pallet and within no time at all, we had a row of beer glasses lined up in the middle of the table. All of the beers were good to great. My personal favorite (which seems to be a common choice) is the Kilt Lifter. I highly recommend it and since my initial try have bought six packs of it many times.A large unfocused menu, to me, typically indicates a restaurant without direction. The lack of said direction often translates into poor food as well. Four Peaks defies my logic as it sports the large menu that dips into various genres of food, but the food actually manages to be incredible. The nachos. Order them. You will NOT be disappointed. Blackened chicken, loads of fresh cheese, and a bean dip that'd give any top of the line Mexican restaurant a run for their money. How can you go wrong?Burgers. Burgers. And... more burgers. I consider myself to be somewhat of a beef snob. Medium rare hand pressed party, a toasted and quality bun, and a stack of fresh tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and pickles. Without any single component a burger can quickly find itself tasting like an overpriced late-night Wendy's adventure. Or in other words, nothing to warrant my five star review. Four Peaks thankfully takes their burgers seriously. Cooked to order and taste a plenty, I guarantee you will not find a dissatisfying burger on the menu. My personal favorite is the Popper Burger (I believe that is the name). Try it, you can't go wrong.Other dishes I have tried over the several visits I've made since my first have been the fish tacos (very tasty), steak sandwich (not my favorite, but still good), and a salad (cannot remember the exact one, but it was phenomenal). As far as I am concerned, there is hardly a thing on the vast and sprawling menu that won't satisfy your hunger cravings. Portions here are absolutely massive as well. Bring an empty stomach!Pricing manages to be fairly reasonable for an environment and food/drink service as high caliber as it is. Four Peaks is THE place to go in Tempe. Just don't forget the nachos.
5	Got in right away. Ordered the sampler beer and was so worth it. Haven't been here much but did find the beer I like which was actually a dark brew. The food was so yummy and quick. The waitress was friendly and attentive.
5	We always expect great beer and great food at Four Peaks but last night we also had great service. I did a quick glance at the menu and ordered two appetizers for my friend and me. When our food was served, the gentleman delivering it noticed our look of dismay immediately and asked what was wrong. I explained that it was my fault for not reading the details on the bruschetta but that my friend was deathly allergic to shellfish. He immediately offered to make us a shrimp free version and cheerfully delivered it to us. No fuss, no muss, just a great example of superior customer service.
4	I have always been a Four Peaks fan - the beer AND the grub. It's hard for me to ever order anything other than the Taproom Tenderloin Sandwich when I eat there.  Best.sandwich.ever. I've always enjoyed the Kilt Lifter and the 8th Street Ale beer, but after going there last week, my new favorite is the Hop Knot IPA. I'll be going back soon just for that! I have fun memories of happy hours back in the day at the original Four Peaks in Tempe and while I enjoy going to the location in Scottsdale, too, there's something authentic about going to the one in Tempe. I love the true brewery atmosphere and that it's somewhat hidden, tucked back off major streets. Always a winner!
4	Went here with my grandlittle last night, and had the best time. The atmosphere is always great, our server I didn't hear her name when she said it, but she was great. Her whole section was full with HUGE parties and she still catered to our constant need for beer and food. Between she and I, we had spinach dip, quesadilla, salad, and an ice cream cake. I didn't particularly care for the chef salad but OMG the rest of the food was to die for. Not to mention the Peach Ale is beyond amazing. I'm already a regular here, and had forgotten how fun it is. Go there. Now.
5	They were slammed for Father's Day, but once we were in our server Jessica did not miss a beat. Their specials are always interesting and I've yet to order anything I didn't enjoy (especially from the beer menu). My favorites are the taproom tenderloin on beer bread with a hopknot. Portions are large so plan to take some home. Inside is A/C, TVs, and it is loud when they are crowded. Outside is generally much quieter, and though you cannot watch the game the patio has a lot of shade and misters running on warmer days.
3	The restaurant itself is alright, but the parking is ATROCIOUS! Besides the on street parking, there's a pretty ghetto dirt strip in the back where cars are not even guaranteed to find parking. You're surrounded by restricted lots, it hasn't been uncommon for me to park all the way at University. When you're drinking with friends late at night, a 10 minute walk to your car is probably the last thing you want to deal with.Back to the food!Spinach artichoke dip: With both pita and chips it was really good.Kilt Lifter (beer): it's really hard to go wrong with Kilt Lifter. It'll be average at worst, great at best.Italian Beef Beer Bread: Fries were those fantastic crispy zesty kind. The beer bread wasn't so much a bread as much as it was a wrap. The Italian beef filling was good, solid for restaurant food.The price wasn't bad and the checks are split easily. Normally I'd give a 3.5 star restaurant 4 stars, but the parking is that annoying.Also they card at the entrance after 3. Keep that in mind, kids...
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for Four Peaks! I've only been eating here for about seven years. I have my favorite meal and when I have a fav it's hard for me to get anything else so I get the Carne Adovada. Tender with a rich smoky flavor which is really unique to Four Peaks. They serve it with black beans, rice (which I don't eat), sour cream and two big, soft, warm tortillas. It's not spicy but I add some additional kick with some AZ hot sauce. They recommend a Hop Knot which I love but I actually prefer the 8th street with this meal, just a bit lighter. Today's visit was very nice, our waiter was very attentive offering samples of the beer, water and checked on us often. Our food came out crazy fast. A woman who I think was the manager came by and checked on us. The bus boys removed our plates quickly. We walked around to look at the building and a gentleman from the back area came to speak with us and gave us a bit of history on the building. A great experience. The place is always busy with college aged kids but you can be a *bit* ;) older and still have a nice experience there.
5	They have a great selection of superb beer. The service is always friendly and prompt. They have really good food that will blow you away considering the college-area, micro brew setting.
5	Love this place. A++++++++++
4	Server was great, food was very good,but parking sucked and it was warm and humid feeling inside.  Even though they had fans on it wasn't good enough.  We will not go back during summer,  we will wait for fall or winter.  What a shame because if they had a/c on and front door shut, they would get more business.
5	Four Peaks gets 5 stars for a reason. Craft beers are so good in their own individual ways. Whether you like wheat beers or IPA's, you can't go wrong.Another reason for 5 stars... their food is just so darn good. I have yet to have something I disliked. The Margherita Pizza, Arizona Chicken Rolls, the Mushroom Burger, and of course their Popper Burger. I am definitely not ashamed I visit Four Peaks a couple times a month.
5	Everyone loves a craft beer.  Four Peaks has some good ones.  I come from MI so am a little jaded by our excellent craft breweries in our state (especially Bell's!) but I really enjoyed the Kilt Lifter ... and with a name like that, you gotta try one.I also had dinner while here in Phoenix on business.  The "Tap Room Tenderloin" sandwich was absolutely outstanding!!  I would put it as one of the top ranked sandwiches I have ever had.  After reading many of the reviews here on Yelp, I am tempted to go back tonight to try more menu items.I would highly recommend.
5	If  you have a beer drinking friend in town, this is place to take them! Best bar food in the valley, especially their nachos and spinach dip. Furthermore, some of the best beers I've ever had brewed right here local. Kiltlifter is my all time favorite beer and I'm lucky to live within biking distance. Def a killer spot!
5	I've been to Four Peaks hundreds of times.  No joke, hundreds.  I used to live at the apartment complex next door from 2005-2008 during college.  Walking distance brewery with great food?  Match made in heaven (I assume heaven has great beer, of course).  I've had pretty much everything on the menu, but today (4th of July) I got the chicken strips & a Raj IPA.  Both are amazing.  The chicken comes with a chipotle ranch that is delicious.  The fries at Four Peaks are some of the best in the business as well.  The only thing that was upsetting is that they were out of the firecracker ribs!  If you see a special of the day that sparks your interest, get it and get it quick!
4	Four Peaks is an upscale brewery restaurant. Nothing more, nothing less. With on-site brewing of several classics and rotating seasonal brews, if you're a beer drinker you won't be disappointing by Four Peaks. The service is usually reasonably fast, so you won't be left with an empty glass for long. You will have to wait for a table on a Friday or Saturday night, but they can usually get you sat pretty fast.There are only two downsides to Four Peaks. The food is OK, nothing special. I've had several different entrees, and while they aren't bad, they aren't anything to write home about either. The other downside is their location. They are on a side street in Tempe, about two miles from Mill Ave, where most of the bars are located. Their parking is abysmal; you either have to find a street spot, of which there are usually none, or you have to park in their hardly-lit back lot. Generally, when I'm thinking of going there, the parking is a big limitation. Their location is also strange, as it is neither a great spot to launch a night out in Tempe, nor is it calmer than Mill. The ASU "bros" are in full attendance on the weekends, so don't expect to kick back and enjoy your craft beer in peace. At the same time, if you want to get to Mill, you'll have to get back into your awkwardly parked car or take a $10+ cab ride to Mill. Still, they're a little cheaper than Gordon Biersch, which is on Mill, so you may break even. Four Peaks is a Tempe must-visit. Plan for the parking and expect a lively crowd and you'll have a great time.
5	Tasted at Tempe arts fair and came over for more!
5	We had a fantastic experience at Four Peaks yesterday!  Our waitress Vicky was top notch, seriously one of the sweetest waitresses I've encountered.  We had a flight and food, all was extraordinary.  Next time we are in the area, we will absolutely be stopping here!!
4	Fun atmosphere, energetic service, and GREAT food.   I'm not a beer drinker, but my husband enjoyed the beer flight.  Only downside... the temperature.  The old building is not exactly air-conditioned, and I was pretty uncomfortable throughout lunch on a hot and humid Arizona afternoon.  We'll definitely be back, but in the Fall when the weather is cooler!
5	This is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.  Whether for drinks, or food, or both, I have never been disappointed.  The service is always top notch, even when the place is overflowing with people.  I've never had to wait too incredibly long either, even when there are plenty of people waiting.  If sports are your thing, there are a ton of TVs scattered throughout, so it's a great place to go watch the game as well.As far as the food goes, I've had pretty much everything on the menu, and it's all great. Their burgers, specifically, are my favorite thing on the menu.  As far as the beer, well, it speaks for itself.  My favorites are 8th St Ale and Kilt Lifter, but all of their beer is awesome.  And although it might seem like heresy to order a Bloody Mary in a brewery, theirs are absolutely delicious if you happen to land here on a Sunday morning after a long night...If you haven't been, make sure and go.  Most likely it will be your new favorite spot.
5	Love this place! I live a little over two blocks from this place and recently visited to have a couple drinks and some food with friends. I ordered a kilt lifter, my friend a peach ale, and bf the hop knot while sitting outside under the misters, if that wasn't good enough. We then ordered BBQ chicken pizza and vegetable beer bread, both which were phenomenal! The waitress was super friendly and atmosphere was very laid back. Even though this place is kinda hidden, it really is a must visit while in Tempe.
5	Excellent microbrew menu and the bartenders give great recommendations. I am a fan of the Hefeweizen but I have tried several of their beers and been more than happy. Kilt Lifter is fun to say and even more fun to bring up in random conversation.Food: Salmon BLT - that is all. The bartender recommended it my first visit and it is so good I feel no need to deviate. I come here at least once each time I'm in Phoenix if not more. I also introduce everyone that comes with me...and have been thanked every time. The atmosphere is fun and often rowdy but be prepared for a wait as they have been jam packed every time I have come. Totally worth the wait.
4	food is decent, but the beer is great, Raj IPA
4	Great Beer, Great Burger, Great Atmosphere.  They do what they do and they do it very well.  Love the Hefeweizen and the Kilt Lifter.  Love the Southwestern Burger.  Parking is not easy, had to park a couple blocks away. Did not love the 4 layer nachos but they were OK.  Everything else was fantastic. Great place gotta try it.
5	Great atmospher, amazingly delicious food, and great local drinks make the trouble of finding a parking spot totally worth it. The staff is always super friendly, sometimes they seem overstaffed at the checkin desk, but just an odd observation. If you've never tried the icecream cake, you must, on your next visit, trust me.
5	Terrific food, terrific beers, while it can get crowded on a Friday or Saturday night, the staff usually is able the handle the rush. No real downsides as they have great indoor and outdoor seating options. No drawbacks, just go....
5	If you've spent any time in the Temp/ASU area, you've probably heard of Four Peaks. As a local, the brewery/restaurant on 8th street was always a common common place to be...and it still is. There is not much that I can say that hasn't already been said in the hundreds of reviews that have already been written. My two cents is that you'll enjoy the place and the beer. This is by far one of my favorite bars and serves some of my favorite beer. The Kilt-Lifter, Oatmeal Stout, and Peach Ale are all superb. Just go. You won't be sorry.
4	They've recently raised their prices, which drops my rating down a notch. Still, a killer bar/grill and one of my favorites in Arizona.
5	I recently took my brother who was visiting from out of town to this place and we both absolutely loved it! I tried the Sunbru beer, which was nice and light with fruity tones to it. My brother had the oatmeal stout which had a much bolder flavor with a malty, oat undertone. Both choices were great to start off our meals. We also got the Bavarian pretzels and Four Peaks cheeseburger for our meals. The pretzels were great since they were still warm and soft by the time they brought them over to our table. It's sprinkled with bits of coarse salt, but not overly done to the point where all you taste is the salt. It was a perfect pairing with my beer! I snuck a bite of the burger from my brother and that was really tasty, but huge. Sometimes you really do need a fork and knife to tackle on that burger! Our food was definitely filling. Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting the Tempe area. What really amazed me is the fact that they actually brew their own beers right in the restaurant. Towards the back of the restaurant you can see all the giant tanks where they store the beer.
5	So doesn't like Four Peaks? As far as breweries go, Four Peaks has it all. Their food is delicious and they have tons of tables indoor and out. The staff is always friendly and their beers are delicious. Overall, There's a reason there's always a wait at Four Peaks. If you want the brewery experience, head here for a drink or five.
5	Best brunch! A great place to watch a game!
5	Best place in Arizona!!! Home away from home!!!
2	For all the talk I've heard about this place, I expected something amazing.  Perhaps it was oversold.  The boyfriend and I found ourselves with a free lunch hour driving around Tempe when it hit me that we should try out a place that's been talked up to me for ages.  So, we headed right over.First of all, parking is non-existent.  We drove around the block and still never could find anything that indicated we were allowed to park there without risk of being towed.  We finally settled on parking on the street out front, but had it been anything other than 11 am, there probably wouldn't have been a spot.  We were greeted and seated immediately, and service was fine.  It's a rather cavernous room with an old warehouse feel to it.  I'm fine with that.  It doesn't seem to be air conditioned, though, and we were relying on heavy duty fans that kept blowing away the napkins to keep us cool on a hot AZ July day.  Probably not the best choice for summer.  The menu options looked so good when I checked out the website on the way over, but both of the sandwiches we ordered were less than spectacular.  We ordered the Tap Room Tenderloin and the Salmon BLT and split them.  The combination of bleu cheese, onion straws and garlic-jalapeno aioli sure sounded like it'd be bursting with flavor, but it was undeniably bland.  Neither one of us could even taste the tang of the bleu cheese and there was not even a little kick from the aioli.  The blt was just as sorry.  Where the tenderloin was lacking in flavor, the salmon made up for it and then some.  Someone was a bit heavy-handed with the cajun seasoning and the salmon just came off overly salty.  I don't remember tasting any pesto in the mayo.  As we were there so early in the day, we did not have a drink, but it might be better to go back with our bellies already full and give them a shot.
5	This place doesn't need any reviews as evident by the 30-40 min wait periods every weekend. Parking is always a problem which, in a way, is a good indicator of things to come.The food and beer is great, obviously. I love the peach ale and hefeweizen. But THE FRIES! If you are a fries aficionado like me, you need to taste their beer-battered fries. BEST. FRIES. I. HAVE. EVER. TASTED. That's all.
5	I love it here! They have great craft beer (especially in the fall- Pumpkin Porter) and delicious food. Parking sucks, but it's worth the walk and the wait if you come around 5:30/6:00.
5	Great beer!
3	I am torn about this place.While the beer is great and the food is fabulous, there is always a wait and it is always packed! Not to mention parking is HORRIBLE. I can only come here once every so often because it's almost a pain in the ass to eat here. The last time I visited Four Peaks, we were sat right next to a HUGE fan blowing cold air. While it felt nice against the summer heat, my food was cold before I had a chance to finish it all. Opt for takeout if you don't like waiting or crowds...
5	For the Money, Atmosphere, Food & Beer. This is my Favorite Restaurant. It's tucked away near a residential area. It's a secret gem everyone is finding out about. The place is always packed in the evening and sometimes hard to find good parking... but it's because the place is that amazing. ( Some people complain about the parking... ) I'd walk a mile from my car to get a seat at Four Peaks.I buy there beer all the time at Trader Joes and Whole Foods. I'm excited that they are canning Peach Ale now. Everything they make is amazing. You must try the Tap Room Tenderloin Sandwich!All n All - The place is great and now I have Four Peaks on the brain....
2	I'm qualifying my review on these grounds: if you like Four Peaks brews, then go - you'll obviously love the place.  If you are looking for a variety of beers with good food, then - as I have experienced - this is not your place. Positives: 1. Service.  Very good: the servers and bartenders are very affable.2. Environment.  The place overall has a great look and feel to it, in respect to being a brewery.  TVs are on and people are chatting.  A very happening place. 3. Specialty beers.  Their Pumpkin Ale is AWESOME. Negatives: 1. Food.  Maybe its me, but I do not find the plates very appetizing.  In fact, if and when I go, I purposely do not eat.   I've tried the burgers and many breakfast items in the past; although I don't recall the specifics about each plate, I do know that they left no positive impression on me. 2. Parking.  Horrendous. Period.3. Climate. BEWARE: if you go in the summer months prepare to sweat.  Fans (NOT AC) are not on.  It is truly miserable experience; winter, on the other hand, is comfortable. 4. Variety.  As stated in the opening paragraph, don't expect a wide selection of beers.  They have less than ten, albeit their own.Overall, I would rather drink a Four Peaks beer at a brewery with a wider selection of beers and much better food.
4	This is definitely a local brewery that is among the best in not only the state, but a contender in the region. Kiltlifter is one of my all-time favorites, but the Raj IPA is a close second. Also at the top is the Peach ale, and of course in the Fall Pumpkin Porter is one of the best pumpkin beers in the country. While the beer is put the brewery on the map, the food cannot be missed. Add some blackened chicken to the nachos, get the southwestern egg rolls, or go with the classic fish & chips and you will go away fat & happy. This time I tried something new and went with carne adovada con huevos. I wasn't sure what to expect, but wow! I was impressed and glad I tried something new. The building is big enough for everyone. Room on the patio, room around the bar, and inside, but the one challenging feature is parking. Behind the brewery is very limited. Street parking fills up quickly, and parking in the apartments across the street will earn you a very quick tow. Go for the beer, but don't skip the food.
3	I know this is a brewery but no air conditioning in the summer in Arizona? The bear was good the service was okay and the atmosphere was hot as hell and I would never go back there in the summer.
4	Service is mostly good. Been there a few times, and still don't get that home feel. But, the beer is good, the service is timely, and the food is fantastic! Awesome Reuben!
4	Fabulous beer battered fish and chips! Good beer and food. Very busy b/c of the ASU football game and the service is still good. Price is right and has a good vibe! Will be back for more pre-game tailgating!
4	Is it easy to eat here? No. Is it worth it? Yes. I love their Peach Ale. They also have some great goat cheese bruschetta and their spicy thai sauce on their chicken wings is SO GOOD. It's usually a lovely experience to sit outside at Four Peaks and enjoy the company of your friends in the fall/winter/spring months. OTHERWISE in the summer months, don't bother. My friend and I tried coming here in July (mistake) thinking they had air conditioning indoors and we would have just waited longer for a table inside. Big mistake. We were dripping sweat before we even got our drinks. Also, parking is a nightmare and there is usually a lengthy wait time.Don't forget to bring your I.D. even if you aren't planning on drinking! This is a brewery after all...I've done this on occasion and we've had to drive all the way back home. Oops.
5	I've eaten here four times and every time it's been delicious. The blackened salmon BLT is amazing, as well as the Carne Abovado. All the brews are great but the Hop Knot IPA is my favorite. This place makes it worth coming to AZ!
4	Food was exceptional for a brew pub.  Beer was some of the best I've tried.  Service was prompt and courteous.
4	I have to downgrade a star, because last time I was here - my favorite portabello veggie beer bread has been changed to have broccoli and carrots instead of the artichoke hearts, onions, mushrooms, sprouts and tomatoes. It was very disappointing, bland and definitely NOT what I want on a veggie sandwich. This is the first time I left my leftovers at Four Peaks because the sandwich wasn't worth taking home. Altogether, still awesome beer/patio, etc., but really sad about the move to go to cheap, bland vegetables in my sandwich.
3	I hope I don't lose any friends over this review, I know everybody LOVES it!  And I don't mind it.  It is A-OK.Full disclosure: I'm not a fan of beer.  That fact will not affect my opinion of the establishment!  The food really is good.  I've never been disappointed, and there are items on the menu I haven't had a chance to try that I think I'll enjoy.Service has been so-so.  Regardless of the level of busy-ness, I've seen a mixed bag of friendly, polite, personable servers, and stressed out, slow moving servers.  Bathroom cleanliness is iffy, if you consider that sort of thing. My beer-loving friends and boyfriend love Four Peaks for the local beer, and new seasonal options that always live up to the micro-brew reputation.  It is cool how knowledgeable all the staff are as to their beers and pairings, and several of them have even tried to recommend something new to me, hoping to convert me to beer-ism.  I don't think I've ever been here when it wasn't crowded.  I'd say that speaks equally to the quality of the beer and food, and to the susceptibleness of ASU students who "have to go" to Four Peaks.  Although, if I lived at ASU or close by and could ride a bike or something, that would improve my opinion slightly as I could avoid fighting the good parking fight.  A little walking never killed anyone, but the parking situation here is a little out of control.  Walk or carpool, try a new beer, pair it with an appetizer, and enjoy yourself.  I'll pop in once in a while :)
4	Will start off by saying this would have been a 5 if it werent for so many flies on the front patio. Made me want to hurry up and eat. That being said, how come I have never been here before now? Tucked away in a neighborhood, parking is a challenge. The staff was great and extremely easy on the eyes. Thank you to Arizona State being right down the road! I had a burger and cooked medium perfect, bun was a brioche type that melted in my mouth. Definitely looking forward to going back again!
5	What a cool place!  Great beers, good food, and a really neat atmosphere. We were seated very promptly, and our waitress (Jessica) was extremely attentive. I will come back next time I am in the Phoenix area!!
4	I had a Scottish style brew, and got to try the Adovado and the Chicken Enchiladas.  Both were very tasty, but I really enjoyed the Adovado.  It's chicken that has been slow cooked for hours in a red chili pepper sauce.  Very good, maybe a bit rough on the digestion.  haha The beer was good, and it's obviously a popular place.  The service was attentive and friendly, and I don't recall any of us needing to ask for anything.  Definitely a good place to stop in for a beer and some food. I didn't get to try the pizzas there, but was told they are very good, as well.
5	Great food, great beer, and it's a Vikings bar! What's not to love?? The beer breads are all awesome as is the fish n' chips. And if your lucky enough to be around in the fall give the pumpkin porter a try!
5	This is my casual drinking place. A bit expensive, but that does not matter if you are visiting in a group of 4 or more. I prefer sitting outside instead of indoor seating. Outdoor seating is not an issue as by night it is usually cooler and much bearable in Tempe.Try Klit Lifter and 8th Street beer. I am not much into food when I visit this place.  First time I had Mediterranean White Pizza along with beer and it was really filling (a bit too much actually)
5	Great service at the bar and at our table! The food was delicious! Me and the bf both got a cheeseburger with pesto mayo and some beer bread!!! Amazing!!!!! I highly recommend this place for a fun Friday night date!
4	The hop knot is off the hook. Tried a sampler of all the beers, hop knot and porter was the best. Good micro brew one of the best I have been to in a long while.
5	I used to live right by this 4Peaks and thus, was a frequent visitor.  The food is fabulous!  Sandwiches, burgers, soup, ice cream cake!  Everything I've had was consumed with great gusto.  I can't comment on the beer, as I'm not a beer drinker (I know, I know, so not cool!), but hubby raves about the beer and will happily imbibe here whenever he gets the opportunity.  Wait staff is always nice and the vibe is fun.  This place is super popular, so be prepared to wait.  It's worth it!  Value is off the hook.  Very reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food and drink.
1	Food was great, but I got a full glass of ice water accidentally dumped on me by a server. He was very apologetic and who I believe was a manager came by and echoed the same sentiment. When the check came I was prepared to decline an offer for them to comp my meal; however, they didn't even ask. No free dessert, beer, or anything. Now the tuxedos seem a little F'd up! I ended up paying my check and walking out with a rather suspicious looking wet spot in my lap. Stay classy!
2	Went in on a Friday night with some friends.Food and beer were good, but the service that night was awful.My initial experience was with 2 hosts, one of which must of had a pretty bad day because she had her head on both of her hands the whole time, not even speaking to us when we entered or left. I paid for my food, and put my food in a take out box. Then I left for the bathroom. When I returned, my table had been busted, and my food was gone and tossed. Feels so wasteful...I usually don't ask too much in terms of service, and focus more on food, but they really dropped the ball.2/5
5	I wish I had more time to sample the rest of their beer. The beer bread sandwiches were excellent. I thought their fries were good, my wife had a salad and said the dressing was very good. There were plenty of servers working the lunch shift and they were all attentive to their customers.Make sure to try the kiltlifter and the peach beers.
4	Four Peaks Will Peak Your InterestThe main reason anyone would go to Four Peaks Brewing Company is for the excellent beers. Kiltlifter is one of my favorites with its clean taste and slightly sweet finish. Grabbing a sampler, however is the way to start any experience at Four Peaks. The menu at Four Peaks is worth checking out as well, though, and you won't be disappointed with the results. The filet mignon was phenomenal. While it won't win any calorie counting contest, the stout brew glaze makes an already succulent piece of meat into a joyful meal. Everything I've tried at Four Peaks just has me looking forward to my next visit. The service is friendly, the orders arrived quickly, and the ambience is perfect for what you want in a brewery; vats. There's always something special about being surrounded by the creation of liquid golds, ambers, and dark magic. You'll start with the sampler, and then be given every reason to come back again and again.
4	This place is great. This was my second time going in, and my burger was so good the first time that I got the same thing the second time, but with the turkey burger. I wouldn't recommend the turkey burger, but get the Popper Hamburger! So good, with cream cheese, jalapenos...mmm.. I had it with a Four Peaks Peach Ale, which was also yummy. We were in a group of 6 and didn't realize that it was Tour de Fat AND an ASU football game. They told us 1 hour wait but we got a table in about 30 mins which was awesome and unexpected. My recommendation would be to not go during a football game...the ASU chants were overbearing for our UA and NAU grads sitting at our table. Needless to say they didn't like when we started a U OF A chant ;)
5	Who doesn't love Four Peaks?  This is a great place that's good for happy hour drinks and appetizers or just dinner.  The food is delicious every time and the beer is always cold and yummy ! The parking can sometimes be a pain with the tiny gravel lot in the back so it tends to be easier if you just park on the street.  In my giant SUV I find it's easier to park on the street, personally.  Their spinach dip is to DIE for...literally....I'd die. The patio is decent, not phenomenal...the inside though is really laid back, cool, industrial feel to it.  Service is always great whether at the bar or table. I think at this point everyone in the Phoenix are have been here....if you haven't - now ya know !
4	Never had a bad meal here. Good burgers nachos and beer. The place is always crowded. Great for people watching.
5	There aren't enough superlatives to say about this restaurant.  It is TRULY AMAZING - food, service, smokin' staff, you name it!  We had the calamari, salmon BLT & fries.  This is my second time here and everything was perfect - again.  All the seasonings, quality of ingredients & attention to each table was outstanding.  Everyone there is in high-speed mode.  Glasses never get empty, plates cleared away & food was extremely prompt.  I haven't been to a smoother operation anywhere - and this place was PACKED!.  Kudos to the whole staff & management, ya'll are food-service rock-stars!
5	Good food, fun atmosphere and friendly service...  The beer is not bad either.Try "lifting the kilt!"
5	Great local brew beers, several to choose from & they have won awards at the Great American Beer Fest in Denver, CO 2013 for their brews. Besides the beer the food is excellent, from burgers to appetizers i always make sure i go on a empty stomach. You can even take some packaged beer home w you. They sell Growlers full & bottles, cans. Fun place to hang out after work & meet friends. Place is always packed every time i've been in there.. Highley recommend to anyone visiting AZ, Tempe or Scottsdale location as well
4	This place has been here for years and it has been a while since I had been here so I figured I would review it.The parking is the first thing you experience.  Be here early or be prepared to park on the street with a bit of a walk.  On a positive note...parking is free.The place has lots of seating so if you are meeting someone there..make sure they give you their exact seating location or you could be looking for a while.The beer selection is all there own an I always go with a tasty hefeweizen.  Theirs does not disappoint.  Their menu almost has too much on it IMO.  I just want to choose something quick and drink.  I ordered the turkey club.  The club came with plenty of fries and was perfect.  The pricing I think is very fair and overall the experience was great.
5	Four Peaks is one of our all time favorites. My husband and son never deviate from the Italian Beer Bread. I mix it up, sometimes going with a special or their French dip which is great. The fries are AMAZING. Do not pass on these!! Pair it with the Hef and a slice of lemon. ..pure heaven!!
5	Let me break it down for you...1) The beer is delicious. If it's in season, try the Pumpkin Porter.2) I've yet to try one bad appetizer or entree. The oatmeal stout shake is bomb diggity.3) The atmosphere is very brewery-ish. Don't come here if you're in a hurry....the wait gets a little redonkulous sometimes. Also, don't wear high heels. There's lots of uneven flooring and brick.....this is not Scottsdale, mmmkay?4) Parking sucks big time. Plan to walk a mile or through a back alley. If you are from out of town or have never been.....there's really nowhere else better on the east side, or in Phoenix for that matter, to get delicious beer and yummy food.My recommendations: Kilt Lifter is the local favorite, go for Hop Knot if you like plant-y beers. I'd lop off my own arm for a Chicken Roll (and that jalapeno sauce). Don't miss out on those. Come here for game day....it's a hoot.That is all.
3	I was recommended this place by a friend who went to ASU. We weren't super hungry so we decided to share a Southwest Burger. The burger was decent, nothing to write home about but it wasn't disappointing either. My BF got really weirded out by the texture of the chili but that's him. The highlight of the night was the sampler. My BF really enjoyed making his way through the sampler and getting a chance to try all the different beers the brewery offered. I couldn't try it but I enjoyed how happy it made him. The environment was pretty fun. No AC in the building though which kinda sucked in the hot weather. Not sure if I would come here again, it's just your average brewery.
5	BEST CALAMARI YOU WILL EVER EAT IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.The beer is decent. The atmosphere is good for groups of friends (it's a bit loud, but there is a lot of seating). More importantly, THE BEST CALAMARI YOU WILL EVER EAT IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.Other food I recommend is the Salmon BLT, the steak tenderloin sandwich, the burgers, Cajun chicken sandwich, the Thai hummus, and the pizza.BUT FIRST EAT THE CALAMARI.
5	A couple of years ago a friend recommended we try this place the next time we went to Phoenix.  Well, we now travel with an empty growler so we can head straight from the airport to Four Peaks.  Not only is their beer selection great, the beer bread sandwiches and pizza are fantastic.  If beer isn't your thing, they have a full bar.  The only bad thing I can say is that the parking is terrible.
5	Went to the new spot in the airport. A gate, terminal 4. Friendly, fast service. Our server had great suggestions that we took. Flight was delayed and they had no problem with us setting up camp. The were a bit over staffed... But it just opened and not a terrible problem to have. Had the peach ale, awesome. The kilt-lifter... The fries... Holy cow and the chicken rolls. Different and great. If you have time at Sky Harbor, stop by.
5	This place has a nice comfortable vibe, a little personal with darker lighting and an industrial setting. I tried the Turkey club and it met all my expectations! As well as their seasonal Pumpkin Porter. I definitely loved this beer, and it didn't taste terribly overwhelming like some seasonal foods tend to taste. Great for groups & casual dates I imagine-- went there with my co-workers for lunch and we all fit in two tables. Co-workers tried the Peach pale ale, Bleu Cheese burger (not sure on the name), their signature cheeseburgers with pepper jack, and of course, we added pickles. The servers were attentive and friendly- I think someone mentioned this place has manly cooks and servers or something odd like that, but they made their point and I guess I'll agree! My friend frequents this place for brunch- pancakes, the whole shabang, and she loves it. I'm pretty thrilled with the comfortable feel, the beer choices & the food. It's not your everyday boring pub food, that's for sure.
3	If you're going to Four Peaks for beer, I'd say 4-5 stars, but if you're going for dinner as I was, I can't rate it higher than a 3.  The beer is quite good.  I've tried most of their beers, and I think Raj IPA is my favorite.  The seasonal was the Pumpkin Porter and it fell a bit flat.  The flavor was too mellow and overall the beer seemed too light, almost watered down.The real reason for 3 stars was the food.  Although we had some nice appetizers (pretzels with spicy cheese sauce were great, as was the Thai hummus and pita bread), but the pizzas we ordered were terrible. We ordered the margarita and the Italian.  The margarita had too much garlic powder, and the Italian tomato sauce was much too sweet and overpowered the toppings.Service can be slow when they are busy, but our waitress was friendly and pretty attentive.  The dining area is enormous, and they also have some limited outdoor seating. But this is a college town dinner spot for sure, no pretensions of a high class brew-pub here.I'll probably be back for the beer, but I hope I can find something on the menu better than those pizzas, which were truly awful!
4	Four Peaks is the big micro brewery in Arizona and for that, a lot of craft beer fans seem to be turned off by it. I say this because while we were at other breweries in Arizona talking about where we were going, several people told us we could skip them because they're the big, mass produced brewery. While it may be true that smaller breweries can have more fun with their beer, it by no means says that this brewery isn't good. Though it has a large seating area for the restaurant, it also has about 20,000 barrels of brewing equipment visible. It is right near campus so it can either be a convenient place to go if you're staying on campus, or annoying if you dislike the college crowd. We were there during a home football game so it was filled with people, but was not rambunctious. We got a sample board and it was a pretty big sample board. I liked all of the beer I tasted. Their IPA and their Porter were both very good.The staff is also very friendly and prompt. We got to talking about the brewery with our server and he brought over one of the brewery employees. After mentioning that I work in a brewery in Indy, he offered to give us a quick tour of the brewery, which was very nice.If you're brewery hopping for the day or are just planning a visit to Tempe, don't let people sell you off Four Peaks just because they're the larger of the breweries.
5	Four Peaks is one of my GO TO places in Tempe. Atmosphere is laid back, local delicious beers and wonderful food. Great restaurant for any occasion- birthdays, groups, football Sunday, laid back date night.Sunday brunch is a must. The food is amazing and they have the best bloody mary in town.Personal Favorites:Beer: Hop Knot or Pumpkin Porter in October Food: Salmon BLT, no bacon add avocado, Portabella Beer Bread, Cheese EnchiladasSunday Brunch: Breakfast Beer Bread or the Enchiladas and Eggs
4	Popped in quickly before my flight back to Portland after a great recommendation from a bud. I wasn't disappointed. First, let me say that I would love to come here on a warm, clear Phoenix night and waste away with a cold beer on their patio....Second, their beer is pretty darn good. I'm often surprised that there isn't more breweries in Phoenix but Four Peaks is a definite hit. I had the Kilt Lifter-a must try and their seasonal peach beer which I LOVED. On a recommendation from Yelp, we tried the Calamari-it was different-HUGE chunks of squid, it wasn't the best I've ever had but pretty good. The texture reminded me of eating fried cheese and it even tasted like it! You can't go wrong with a pretzel either-and the cheese dip was great. I can definitely see myself coming back with a group of friends the next time I'm in town.
5	Was in town for just a couple days and wanted to check out the Arizona brewery scene.  Came across Four Peaks Brewing Company and was very impressed.  It was crowded but for good reason.  The beer was outstanding (we did a taster flight so a lot of samples) and the food as well (had a chicken quesadilla).  The best part about the whole experience was the service!  Very friendly bartenders who were attentive, appreciative, and on point all night!  Highly recommend.
5	Four Peaks is one of those places I rarely go to (and it really isn't all that far from where I currently live & and where I was living right after I moved back to AZ after college), and I always wonder why. I mean, everyone knows how awesome their brews are (I love that Kiltlifter has become pretty much a staple that's on tap at a good deal of AZ bars), but I think the food here is delicious as well and tends to get overlooked.  The last time I came here I just nibbled on some apps, and they were all delicious. The spinach artichoke is honestly one of the best I've ever had (and spinach artichoke dip is one of my favorite apps/meals so I've sampled quite a bit). It's chunky , yet creamy, and just all around awesome. I'm also a big baked pretzel fan & the one at Four Peaks is delicious. When it comes to beer I generally stick to the staples (Kiltlifter & 8th St. Ale), both of which I really like (Kiltlifter is one of, if not my favorite beer). Of course when it's time to roll out the Pumpkin Porter I'm all about that as well!I also really like the atmosphere here. When the weather is nice the patio is comfortable, and there's plenty of TV's & good seating to catch football inside.
5	Breakfast burger was so effen good! Been coming here for years. Can't believe it when I ask sheepoles if they have ever been and they say noooooooo!Are you effen kidding me? Got my first hand job in the parking lot for goodness sake! There food is out of this world.
5	So another of my favorite places! I think its good beer but I'm picky what I drink but I love the peach ale my bf loves their beer though and he is more of a beer snob then i am. This is such a great place to enjoy a beautiful day with a beer with friends! I come here after a indoor rock climb at phx rock gym. They have an amazing amazing salmon blt! Frys are awesome! Service is great! I've never had any problems with the service or food here. Only thing that sucks is the parking! Not a whole lot of parking. They have a back aly you can park in but still you have to get there before happy hr or you won't find a spot for at least 10mins plus after you find a spot you have to wait to get in. But other then that this is a fun place to be. great atmosphere great beer and food. If you want a place to bring your out of town friends that love beer make sure to bring them here!
5	Even though I'm not a beer drinker, this place has awesome food and love the atmosphere here!  Fish and chips, burgers, wraps...all delish!
5	Love this place. I'm a regular here. Good food and drinks. Especially love the burgers here. Great beer bread too. I recommend the sampler if its your first time.
5	Great place! Wonderful atmosphere wonderful beer and wonderful food what more is there to ask for?
5	Every beer is delicious and all the food is wonderful. Another great thing I appreciate about this brewery is the fact that they are child friendly. Our toddler often comes with us and he eats off the kids menu. The staff is always very friendly to us and bring our son crayons and menus to color on. Four Peaks is a great treat in a great city.
4	The Salmon BLT was GREAT; it was my first visit but so glad I found this place.  Will def try again when I'm back in the area.
4	My husband's been a big fan of Kiltlifter for ages, so it was about time we visited the source.We sat out on the patio on a lovely afternoon. The garlic cheese beer bread appetizer was yum--very nice flatbread, so it was tasty but not filling. I had the chef salad. Whoa. SALAD MOUNTAIN. It was one of those rare times where the salad was totally worth the money. It was loaded with meat and other goodies. I didn't like the raspberry dressing much and the waitress brought out the emulsified vinaigrette instead. That worked much better. I brought a whole box of salad home.My husband had the Four Peaks cheeseburger and liked it. The fries were especially good. He was happy to have beer along with his food and bought a growler.We're not in Tempe often, but this was a good place. I can see why it's so popular.
4	Yesterday beer battered shrimp and crab pita was ridiculously delicious.  Never disappointed with the food and beer.
5	Love this restaurant, by far my favorite in Tempe! All my friends and strangers I've mingled with completely agree. Great environment, fun on the weekends, and delicious beer and food! My favorite is the french dip sandwich and then of course pairing it with a glass of kilt lifter. Even the late night bar menu is fantastic. After picking my friend up from the airport we stopped in around 11 and got the best late-night meal. Can't get enough of this place!
4	Good price, good food, and great drinks! A really cool place to unwind.
5	Great service, great brews, good food. Ate here two nights in a row while on vacation and staying near campus. The spinach artichoke dip is big enough to serve 6-8 people! Highly recommend this place.
4	I love this place!  Great food, great micro-brews (that you can even take home), great atmosphere.   I love dining outdoors, and the place stays comfortable in the winter with outdoor heaters and the summer with misters.   I take all my out of town guests here as well as I know there will be something on the menu for everyone and the food will always be delicious and of the highest quality.  Friendly staff as well.
4	Great food, had blue cheese burger, better half had fish n chips, all good stuff and great attentive service. Beer was really good coplamented food well
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants!!! I love everything I get here! I have been here several times. Almost every time I get the beer sampler . It's $10 but a good way to taste a little of everything . I have had a cheeseburger, spinach artichoke dip (my favorite anywhere ) , shrimp bruschetta , and the ice cream cake! Don't pass up the ice cream cake! Such a fun dessert and it tastes out of this world . The only con is there is no parking anywhere ! Plan ahead if going to lunch!
5	I love coming here! The staff is so friendly. The atmosphere is chill & laid back. They have a selection of different type of beers from light to dark. Peach is my favorite!
4	Awesome beer! Great micro brews. Food was excellent as well. Had the Southwest burger. Very good. Great atmosphere as well.
3	If I was rating based solely off of food I would have given this place five stars. Everything my family ordered was delicious and the appetizers were to die for. However, the service was so terrible I find myself not going back because of the experience with them. The waitress was probably the most rude I have ever had before, she was rude and completely angry when we decided not to order and beer right away. She practically threw the food onto the table and gave us attitude whenever we ask for more water or napkins. She was horrible! I can say the same for the guy who went around refilling water. They have kept me from going back despite the amazing food. The hostess and security guy were nice though and the patio is lovely.
4	Had a total blast on a recent trip. Enjoyed the Pumpkin seasonal ale. The IPA was decent too.
5	What can I say? This place is AWESOME! Great place to meet up with friends for a few beers and chat or watch a game. My favorites would have to be Kiltlifter and the Peach Ale, I also enjoy the pumpkin porter around this time of year. The food is great as well. Must Try's are the Arizona chicken rolls, beer bread sandwiches and the popper burger(bomb!).
5	Yup, as good as it gets! Amazing seasonal pumpkin Porter (please ship to WA!).Salmon on the menu, friendly staff, and a nice corner seat on the patio to watch the world go by during another of God's painting, or an AZ sunset.
5	Giving this fine establishment anything less than the requisite 5 stars would be tantamount to heresy of the highest order. I've been here countless times over the years. Most of those times have involved waiting in line to get in, as well as a loud and crowded restaurant on the inside. But, you know what? It never matters how busy they are or how boisterous the clientele-- they ALWAYS knock it out of the park. The food and drinks haven't been less than stellar on any occasion, nor the service anything but friendly. And, the most remarkable part? The food has ALWAYS come out in a timely manner. It's insane, considering the volume they experience on such a regular occasion. I swear to God, they must have robots working the kitchen they're so fast...Anyway, the short of it is this: Everything here rocks, it's totally worth your time, and if you somehow are in the area and don't stop by, do yourself a favor: put your right hand up in front of your face, palm-side facing you, and bring your face into your hand... Because you deserve it.
4	Love this place but the wait can get out of control at times when you see empty spots open here and there while you wait. The staff are very friendly but sometimes when you walk in they think they are a CLUB and card you and scare you away. Other than that great large serving of food and great staff but parking sucks but I guess that's the whole thing about going there is an experience????
1	Horrible customer service. Such a shame too, since it's normally a good place to goto.
4	This place is absolutely amazing! Truly delicious food and some very tasty beers! We went on week night and it was packed but very quick in service. Boyfriend got the nacho appetizer and I got the Four Peaks Burger and both were outstanding. The nachos were big enough for me to take home as leftovers for another full meal. The oooooonly reason I don't give it 5 stars is because parking is a bit tough and it was pretty chilly in the restaurant. I wish I would have brought a bigger jacket.
4	4 peaks is a gem in this area. The beer will satisfy any picky drinker, and they also have a full bar and menu. The food is upscale bar and slightly creative, which makes for safe and often curious selections. They have a great open outdoor seating area that  even when inside you are able to enjoy- its very open and inviting. When walking up to 4 Peaks, it kind of throws you off because you would never expect anything decent to be around. Places like these deserve the amount of business it generates, they are willing to try it out and it works. Service staff is attentive even when busy. I would probably give it a second try before I jump into a 5 star....enjoy!
5	WOOT WOOT MY 100TH REVIEW!Four Peaks is in the heart of Tempe and it's a great place to be. It has a good night scene, and during the day, it has the whole brunch atmosphere going on. It's relaxing without the dive look.So whatever time during the day or night, Four Peaks is never a poor choice. The beer is good and the seasonal beers are even better. Food is good with fast and friendly staff too.Love the burgers, the nachos and the chicken tenderloins. You should try the tiramisu dessert too!
1	I know this review won't stop people from going here, just want management know things need to change. The food and beer are pretty decent. Came a few weeks ago for dinner on a particularly cold night. We were seated at the only open table.. Near the doorway to outside. This doorway was open and it was FREEZING! We were told we could not move tables. Nobody came to take an order, which is funny because we were near the server station to run bills. There were 5-6 serves standing there ignoring us. After 20-25 mins we got up and left. I told the hostesses on our way out. Also they didn't do anything! Very disappointing.
5	Excellent Beer and pub food.Great prices and service.A casual atmosphere.What more could one ask for?
4	Ok...what's so unique about this place?If you are a big fan of micro breweries and like big freakin tanks carry the beer then you may like the place even more.It's quite spacious, somewhat expensive, gives feel of a normal bar except for the fact that they you can see big distillation tanks. It looks like the place was made out of the unused space from the brewery based on the fact that its not quite symmetrical( who cares).Good variety of beers and food.
4	You would think that January 1, the day after New Year's Eve, would be a pretty quiet day at a pub, but I was pleasantly surprised when I came here for dinner a few nights ago.  This place was definitely hopping, the beer was flowing, and it was a great place to watch some important college bowl games.  I loved the look of the giant beer silos, or whatever they're called.  It made the place look like a factory.  I sat at a table next to them and stared at them the whole time I was there.  The food in this place is also really good.  I had the peach beer.  I don't exactly remember what it's called, but it was just the right mixture of beer and peach flavoring.  The quesadilla appetizer was extremely cheesy, which was nice, but the cheese masked the taste of any of the other ingredients that might have been on it.  Although, the salsa that came with the quesadillas was excellent.  It tasted like fresh, home-made salsa.  My date and I shared the 12" vegetarian pizza, which was packed with toppings.  I'm usually not a big fan of gourmet pizza, but this was one of the better ones I've had.Overall, this place sort of reminded me of BJ's.  Good beer, good appetizers, good pizza.  This was also a nice place to watch football.  I would have given this place five stars, but the parking situation outside isn't very convenient.  I had to park my car on a dirt lot behind some random building next door.  It didn't feel very safe, and it takes away from the dining experience when you have to worry about the safety of your car.  I spent about $40 for a very nice time at this restaurant.  I would definitely come again.
4	The staff here is all friendly!! They know their beer well. I had the peach ale and it was awesome. Nice and fruity. They offer a flight where you can try all their beers on tap. The food is also really good here. Portions are huge and prices are fair. I ordered a Caesar salad and it was enough for four people to munch on. The soup of the day was ham and split pea. It had a lot of meat in it, very hardy. I came with a group of 12. This place is huge, so Its great if you are with a group, they are very accommodating. Really nice brewery, however we were unable to get a tour because we came in the late afternoon. Everyone raved over the pasta salad that was served as a side with a lot of the sandwiches. I also heard that the garlic cheese and beer bread was yummy. Great hang out spot!
4	Above all things, I love microbrews. Four Peaks treated us well, and when I say well, I mean goood.     This layout goes on forever. When you walk inside (past the nice patio area) you weave through, side-to-side, and all over the place. There is so much seating and it adds to the brewing atmosphere. We sat closer to the back, near the actual factory area, where we could have played darts if the mood had struck us. Instead, the mood to have a "flight night" did.    We both ordered the sampler--eight beers, roughly 2 pints worth (or a little more) of Four Peaks beer. Before our samplers came out, our awesome waiter also brought us three beer shots of their seasonal beers-- a Poppin' Pilsner, Chocolate Mexican beer, and a hardy Barley beer that was a little much for my taste--but at 12% alcohol content you can bet I was feeling a little toasty after that.      Along with our beers we ordered food--my friend got the French dip after much debate and loved it, while I opted for the Garden burger with beer fries. The jalapeno sauce made this burger spicy and even more delicious. The Peach beer that they brew, along with the Kilt Lifter, were my two favorites. After pigging out on beer and my burger, I was stuffed and ready to go. But you can bet this is a great place to watch sporting events, have a fun night out or grab a casual meal!
5	Came here last night, and between the pitcher of Hop Knot - which is probably my favorite local IPA and the salmon BLT - it was an evening of excellence.  I'm far from a seafood snob, but I have avoided it for the most part since I moved here from Seattle for obvious reasons.  But their blackened salmon BLT might be my new favorite sandwich in town.  Perfect seasoning, fresh veg and one of my favorite beers to wash it down.  If you haven't tried this sandwich and you're even a small fan of salmon, add this to your list!
4	This place is fantastic, especially when the weather is nice enough to sit outside on the patio.  The beer selection is good and has some of the more flavorful ones I've tasted.  I had the Pizza and their wings which were good, if not a little pricey compared to most bars, but tasted great.  Will definitely be coming back.
5	Yummy food!  Even the water was the best I have ever tasted.We had the spinach dip to start, amazing. For dinner I had the chicken fingers and my hubby had a steak. We will be back!!!
5	What a great spot to hit up on the first night of a business trip!  Even for a Monday evening, this place was pretty packed, and now I can see why!The service was really great and attentive, without going overboard.  Our waitress made sure our beverages were never wanting.  She also did a great job helping out a member of the group that was not as into beer as I am.Speaking of the beers, I tried a pint each of the Kilt Lifter and the Raj IPA.  The Kilt Lifter was fantastic, a great example of Scottish Ale, with a great malted flavor and some nice undertones of subtle fruit.  The Raj was a real nice IPA, with the nicely bitter hoppiness that I look for, without being overdone.Food was also real good, and in more than generous portions.  Great flavors all around that went nicely with the fantasic beers.Overall - I want to bring Four Peaks home with me, as it is a great establishment that I will make a stop every time business brings me through the area!
5	love Love LOVE this place! They have such a variety of beers but house my all-time favorite beer Four Peaks Peach Ale! If you are just visiting town- this place is a MUST! The beer is amazing and their food is delicious. Burgers are awesome. My favorite thing to eat there is the Chicken Salad Pita and the yummiest pasta salad I've ever had! The only few downsides are parking can sometimes be an issue and there is often a wait- so get there early! Can't wait to go back!!
4	Good food.....good beer! And great pumpkin spice beer (if you get it while it's in season). My only complaint it's that it gets hot  inside in the summer.
5	Everything on the menu is delicious, try the beer sample! The salmon BLT is my personal favorite with the pesto sauce. Their artichoke dip has a different flavor than most that I've tried but very good.
5	The perfect place to spend an afternoon. Great patio. Fantastic local beer. Good food. All at the optimal price to quality ratio. For a sandwich, try the salmon blt.
5	Not often does any place get the full 5 Star treatment, but after our trip this weekend to Four Peaks,,,  I had to fold...BEER - Kiltlifter awesome, awesome awesome.... Appetizer - Panko Crusted Calamari - Best Calamri I have ever had.. This isnt the kind of Calamari that you taste only the batter, but nice Strips of Squid that isnt over cooked or chewy, but delicate n the batter is delish as well, but can definitely taste the squid also, and the spicy Marinara was ok, but the Jalepeno ioli or aioli stuff was wonderful as well.The Lunch - Swiss Mushroom Burger cooked to order /Med Rare - done just right, even asked for extra mushrooms on side (no extra charge). We have been here a few times for their Sunday Brunch as well, and everything we have tried has been very good.. My Fave is the Breakfast Beer BreadEnjoy, n post your findings as well !!! Cheers !
5	Winter wobbler coming soon. No, you cant get a pitcher and you cant get a growler. It knocks you on your kiester.
5	So impressed! My boyfriend and I came here for dinner and although we had to wait about 20 mins for a table it was well worth it. The beer was really good and the food was great. Our service was really good too. Can't wait to come back!
5	Most amazing burger I've ever had in Arizona, haven't been back since I was an ASU freshman so I never got to try the beer but I'm sure it's equally amazing, get anything here you won't regret it
5	If you are ever in Tempe, AZ find your way over here. The food is American/Bar food but it is a huge step above your average American/Bar food. We sampled the entire menu and everything was great. The batter for the fish and chicken is straight amazing. The beer bread they use on the wraps is simply great. The wings are top notch. See what I mean, doesn't matter what you order. Then to compliment all the great food are their tasty home brewed craft beers. They have something for everyone. On the off chance you don't like beer, the Bloody Mary spicy or not is a great alternative. The reason I gave this place the five stars because to round out the total experience is the service. I only rate a place five start as when I receive the total package drink, food, and service. Great place, come on in.
5	The spicy bloody Mary has a pickle and most of a salad and is close to the best bloody I've ever had. The beer bread is like a tortilla but much more fantastic. Order a flight of beers and you get to taste everything they have for 10 bucks including the seasonals.  We'll be back whenever we're in town.  Also a big plus, it's a Vikings friendly crowd far from the home state. SKOL Vikings.
5	Absolutely LOVED this place. Great beer, great atmosphere, great bartenders who are knowledgable and actually CARE if you like the beer and what you think of it!!! All of them do. Kiltlifter is awesome!!We were looking for good beer and not necessarily good food but this place has both. We tried the chicken wings and the pita and spicy hummus. Both were very good. The bartender had asked my husband if he was afraid of spice and my husband told him he likes to hurt when he eats spicy. So the bartender brought us out a habanero sauce that's made in house... you have to ask for it. My husband was delighted. We will definitely come back! Loved this place on so many levels.
4	Great beers, great atmosphere, great service.  Just a great place, did I mention this place was pretty great?
4	A friend who went to school at ASU told me that Four Peaks is on her list to eat at every time she returns to AZ. Since she has well trusted culinary instincts (in my book, at least), I insisted that we try it out the next time I was there...and we have been going every time since!I don't like beer (even though I keep trying to convince myself), but will never stop me from coming here! The food is absolutely delish! My go-to is the chicken beer bread sandwich. While the beer bread is actually more like a flat bread and doesn't have a strong beer flavor, I cannot get enough of it! They should cut it up in triangles and serve it as an app!! They have enormous hearty salads and other really good dishes too, but I still can't veer from that sandwich- which is easily big enough for 2 to share.Oh, and how could I forget about dessert? There is an oatmeal stout milkshake that is different, yet oh-so-good, even for those that despise beer (this has been tested out).If you're ever around ASU- and even if you have to drive a half hour (or more) to get here, it is worth it. Sit on the patio to catch some rays while you eat/drink, or in the brewery to admire the beer being made while you guzzle some down yourself....
5	A good biddy took me here for some beers and lunch.  The beers I had were pretty amazing.  I'm not a huge IPA fan but they have it all.  The Pumpkin Porter was really good.  The food was really good and can't wait to go back next time I visit the Phoenix area.
5	Amazing location, the building aesthetically looks great, great staff, their appetizer chicken rolls are to die for, love their chicken sandwich and burgers!
5	I started visiting this awesome place back in 1999. The first stout I ever drank happened here, and it's still my favorite (I'm an official stout guy). The place has expanded over the years, but some things have never changed:-Great service-Outstanding beer-Terrific food-Fun atmosphereMy faves are the nachos with chicken and any of their pizzas. As for beers, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the oatmeal stout, it's one of my top 5 beers in the world. Also a big fan of the Kiltlifter, 8th Street Ale, and Hop Knot. I now live in San Diego (Suds County USA) with some of the best breweries and beer anywhere, but I still make it a point to stop by Four Peaks every chance I'm back in the valley of the sun.
4	Four Peaks Tempe is definitley a favorite hangout spot of mine for a few reasons. Their beers are really good. Personally, I am a fan of Hefeweizens and Wheat beers--Four Peaks Hefe does not disappoint my tastebuds!!! Always hits the spot. Aside from the beer, their food is great, too. Their Chicken Beer Bread is good, and the patties they use for the burgers are really fat and come out super juicy. YUM. I also recommend going on Sundays for brunch. Their breakfast plates are huge and really good. Never have tried their pizzas, but I've heard good things. The atmosphere is great... I do love the beer, but quite honestly, it is the setup of this place that has really stolen my heart. There's a large patio out front and the interior is huge! Really large bar (my favorite place to sit) where service has always been a positive experience. The whole place is really laid back and really just a great place to enjoy good beer with good friends. The only negative thing I can say is that parking really stinks... usually you have to parallel park along the street. So it sounds like there should be a lot of space, but since this place always draws a crowd, it's sometimes more of a challenge to find a space than you'd think. This place rocks!
5	Almost two years since my last review at Four Peaks on 8th Street.  We did some Sunday brunch on the patio (One of my favorite things to do this time of year)!Service was great, as always!  Food was delicious! I had the breakfast Brickhouse burger, perfect for when you can't decide between breakfast or lunch.  The beers were tasty and refreshing as well.  Four Peaks is probably one of my favorite places to go in the valley!If you are visiting the Phoenix area or haven't been to Four Peaks yet, just go.I will caution that there can be a wait, especially when the weather is good. Parking can be a challenge, but if you are willing to persevere, get that parking space and possibly wait a bit to be seated, you will be handsomely rewarded!If you love patios, the wait will likely be longer, but the inside seating area is quite expansive if you don't care where you sit.Lastly, if beers like Miller lite and Bud are in your wheelhouse, then I would suggest this may not be the place for you, unless you're open to trying new things.Great place to hang out and relax with friends/family!
3	This place has a gorgeous patio that I could sit on for hours when the weather is nice. It is also open to all ages so you will see a very good sampling of people (during the day at least). You can bring your babies, your grandma or the chick you met last night here, it's all good. The food is alright, better than most bars, not as good as some gastro-pubs. People either love or hate their beer. I'm somewhere in the midde, I like their seasonals the best typically.Parking sucks especailly for Tempe where you are not used to having to scrounge for street parking. It is worth the walk and the wait however, when the weather is 80 degrees.
5	We looooooooooove four peaks! They have an awesome selection of food, the atmosphere is fantastic and the service is awesome! This is one of our favourite places in the valley to go to! Not to mention there beer is tasty!!! :) goooo now you won't be disappointed!!! And eat the beer stout tiramisu!!! It's heaven!!!! Yummmmm
4	So married with three kids and needed a date night. I really wanted to change things up a bit to keep things fun. My wife and I like many are partial to great beer and great food. Throw a different location on top thats not the usual food chain and sometimes you get lucky. I live in north Phoenix so this was about a 40 to 45 minute drive. Well after all said and done very worth it. Went on a Saturday night and expected a long wait.... I don't even know how long we ended up waiting. That's because we were able to hang out at the bar and try some beers. Next thing you know we were at a table ordering food. Staff was friendly and punctual. Food was out quick and very pleased with the quality. Here are the bads. Parking pretty limited and it's far from our house. My wife was commenting on how she wishes there was one closer. Wants to try more of the food! Me too.
5	Great brew house. Had the beer tasting, which was delicious. And the spinach and artichoke dip which was also fantastic!! Huge chunks of artichoke and creamy cheese. Seriously, I'm thinking about it right now.
4	We all know about the amazing brews, so I'll  defer to others to expound on that aspect. The daily specials never disappoint, but for me the sweet spot is their soups. Consistently delicious, completely house made, original and created daily.
5	I don't know what you can say that hasn't already been said. Not only is Four Peaks the best local brewery in the Phoenix area but their food is nothing short of outstanding. Whenever I have friends visiting the area this is the one spot I make sure to make them to. It gets a little crowded (rightfully so) which makes parking a little difficult but you can always find a spot somewhere along the street.
5	One time a friend and I had to wait 45 minutes before anyone asked me what I would like to eat or drink. It was baffling, like our table was placed just perfectly that we weren't in anyone's zone or someone was just neglecting their duties. It was astounding. We were starving and had a thirst to boot. They were very apologetic when they finally realized we would also like to partake in the foods and beverages that the other patrons partook of. So much so that they comped the entire meal minus drinks. Only time i've ever had a negative experience there after many many visits and it ended up being a good thing in the end cause all I had to do was sit and wait and talk to my friend and they basically paid us in food for doing just that. Easiest 30 or 40 bucks in savings I've ever made! This place is really incredible. The beer is ridiculously good, the food, even better if that's possible. Spinach artichoke dip is a staple of my visits but I've never had anything I didn't like from Four Peaks. God bless Four Peaks. And god bless America.
5	Had a nice lunch on a rainy AZ Saturday.  The beer flight and food was very good.  Enough variety on the menu for both the food and the beer.  The atmosphere is just what you want for a brew pub.  Will definitely come back.
2	So it's been awhile since my last visit here.  The parking is Always a nightmare and there is always a wait.  The food and the patio were still worth the effort to come here.  Yesterday we ordered the chimi special and I was really let down.  It just seems now that they are always solidly busy,  they have stopped focusing on providing exceptional food. Bummer four peaks, you used to be my go-to, but things are different now.
3	Line out the door.  45 minute wait on a Wednesday night.  Cramped noisy tables all with the dreaded Barstool.  Seems like a good scene if I hadn't been hiking all day.  You obviously don't go there to relax!The beer was OK.  Their Peachy Lambic was pretty good. The food is OK.  The service was friendly.Four Peaks wins Pheonix's shortest dress award - that might be a huge draw for some!
2	Just don't get it. It is croweded, the staff is rude, and the food is not that good. Maybe it is because I am over the good ole college days, but just is not my cup of tea. The food was ok. The drinks were simple. The waitress was rude and not attentive. It was loud and packed to the brim. No way to squeeze into the bar without someone yelling at you because they think you are taking their spot. Parking is just dumb. Seriously, rent all the empty lots around you and allow you customers some normal parking. Only go because friends ask.
4	Awesome place to take out-of-town guests. A great variety of brews and a RIDICULOUS Salmon BLT! All of their locations get crowded, so they must be doing something right!
4	I enjoy the beer selection they offer at four peaks.The service is pretty good, I do like sitting on the patio most times.The food is okay but whenever I eat their chicken strips and fries I can feel my arteries clogging up so be sure to avoid them if you're sensitive like myself.The parking can be a hassle for most people but I don't mind the walk. Alot of beautiful women work there so that's always a plus.
5	We finally visited the Sunday brunch! Was presently surprised with the service and the drinks! Would highly recommend it and might just go right back!
5	5 stars all the way!!! I love this bar!! The beers are amazing, every single one of them! The food is on point as well!!! Highly recommend Four Peaks! It is Also a great place to go with a big group of people!! Cool atmosphere! thumbs up!
2	park half a mile away to visit a crowded frat party that serves ok food and so so beer. no thanks. live and learn
5	This is packed on a Friday night! We had to wait for a little over an hour to get a table, we big party. It was well worth the wait! I've been here a couple of times for the beer and the Oatmeal Stout is by far my favorite! This was the first time we came here for dinner. The service was great even though the place was busy! Our drinks came out right away and the food was cooked to perfection! Definitely coming back! My only gripe is the lack of parking!
4	Busy place on a saturday night but they were able to accomodate our party of 12 within about 45 minutes. While we waited we had some beers at the very large bar they have at the front. Several TVs and not dissapointed the the beer. Hop Knot and the Kiltlifter are two of my favorite brews from this place. Food: this is my second time back and think it will be my usual when im ever in Tempe. Ordered the Filet, it had great flavor and cooked perfectly, not dry at all. Had the steamed veggies, which were realy good. They dont cook them all the way so they still have a crunch to them which I enjoyed. For apps get the calamari, they are long and larger than ive typically seen. Be sure to dip them in the spicy red sauce, it makes the app!Atmosphere: this place is packed. But it doesnt necessarily make you want to turn away. The service is great and staff is friendly. Youre in an older red brick warehouse style brewhouse, its a little noisy but as to be exoected for a restaurant this large. Really great atmosphere in my opinion,  unless youre looking for a quiet date night. TVs are in all directions so its a good place to watch the game as well. Overall 4 out 5 stars...its a solid choice in all aspects, but may not blow your mind. Ill definitely be back though!
5	Update! I found out that you can order the Veggie Beer bread the "old" way and they will make it for you how they used to. Hooray!
4	A pretty good hangout place. I was there with a coworker to grab a bite to eat. It was a Monday night so we we weren't planning to find much going on. This place had good ratings so we stopped by for some pub grub.It was actually a little busy here for 9 pm on a Monday. Lots of draft beer options and your typical bar food. I got a burger and a beer. Very in line with expectations. They used a pretzel bread bun, which are all the rage now, and meat cheese and bacon. A little dry but good. So I would say pretty good food but more of a hangout place than anything else.
4	I rolled into Tempe on a Friday evening and my friend told me to meet her here. We met at 6:30 and this place was BUMPIN. Totally packed, inside and out, and LOUD. The place to be on Friday night, apparently. I was told the wait for 2, first available, was about 35 minutes. That wait got longer for people showing up after us, real fast. I was starving so of course everything looked good on the menu. We started off with a cheese bread appetizer which was basically pizza when you factor in the dipping sauce. But oh so good.In terms of beer, I ordered their hef and their amber (seasonal), both of which were good. My friend got the peach ale which I tasted and wasn't too sweet, but not quite for me. She got one more I liked but not sure which it was. I couldn't decide what to order and the waitress said both things I was deciding between were good, so she didn't make it easier. I wound up going with the tenderloin sandwich. The filet was fantastic. Of course with the app and beer, even though I came starving, I couldn't quite finish the sandwich as it was pretty large. I made sure to finish the filet though, no way I was letting that go to waste! Great place to watch a game. Not so great to catch up and have a meaningful conversation.
5	Four Peaks never disappoints!  If it's your first time here get the sampler, all the beers deserve a try. My favorites include the seasonal Pumpkin Porter, Kiltlifter, 8th St Ale, & Hop Knot. The fish and chips and chicken fingers are both awesome. We always start with the pretzel appetizer.. Goes great with the beers and the mustard side is amazing. Service is always quick & friendly. I recommend going on a weeknight, but expect a crowd no matter the time you go. It's definitely worth the wait!
5	We come to the Phoenix area often and I've had the Four Peaks brews at various locations and really enjoy them. But I've never been to the brewery restaurant. We drove up and expected a long wait by the look of the number of people waiting out front but we're told it was only 15 minutes and true enough it was. I must say I was thoroughly impressed by Four Peaks Brewery. The service was outstanding! Our server Francesca was very knowledgeable about the beers offered and how they compare to what I and those in my party normally drink. Our glasses were never empty as well. I wish I could find servers like her everywhere we dine. The food was hot and delicious and quickly served. One of the managers, Mike, walked repeatedly around the restaurant, checking on all of the tables. Not only did he ask about the food and service but took the time to chat us up about where we were from and such. I would highly recommend Four Peaks Brewery!
4	Went for the beers, stayed for the Bavarian pretzel with warm beer cheese. You should to.
5	I was in Phoenix for the weekend and stopped at about 6 breweries total. This was my favorite, hands down. I had a flight of all their beers (plus 3 seasonal offerings) and enjoyed them all. Normally not a fan of the Scottish styles but the Kilt Lifter surprised me. The service was quick, friendly, and the food was amazing. I will definitely be coming back to Four Peaks when I'm back in Phoenix.
1	This review is based on Customer Service only...our group of four was really excited to try this place out for dinner and maybe have a  few beers as we are HUGE craft beer fans we have a craft beer club and often look for new breweries to try because we do field trips with the club but on this occasion we were out for Spring Training. One of our group had his wallet stolen the day before and had planned to just have dinner with us we put in our name for dinner and were told that we would need to  show our ID's just to have dinner. That kind of took us back because we thought we were going to a restaurant anyhow that was a problem because as mentioned above one of our group did not have a wallet or ID either way if that is the rule I understand but what really upset us was how rude the security guard was and also that we saw at least 15 kids and teenagers sitting there eating food with their groups if it is a bar before a restaurant and you can't have anyone under 21 there then so be it but the fact that the same rules don't apply for everyone was the problem. The security guard could have simply said let me get the manager for you and see if they can do anything I'm sorry for the inconvenience etc but the answer was no you can't come in have a nice night that's it. Turned out it was the best thing that could happen to us because we ended up at the Pig and Pickle and it was one of the best meals I  have ever had and the service was amazing. Four Peaks Brewing I'm sure you have a cool thing going on there but I hope for your sake someone takes this as a learning experience and fixes the customer service issue
5	I was in Phoenix for a week for work. And I needed me some wings and cold beer. I happened across Four Peaks and made the comment to my colleagues that if I lived in Phoenix - and I would love to - this would be my hangout. Plenty of outdoor seating and lots of indoor seating. Fast, friendly service and lots of good vibes in the air. But the main attraction and star of the show is of course, the beer. I had a blonde ale and honestly could have drank about 10 of those suckers. But I was driving so alas, I had to be constrained. As it was, I knocked back 3 of those along with some wings and some beer bread appetizer that they make 2x a month. The wings were zingy and delicious. I got half with the peanut Thai sauce and the other with the hot buffalo sauce and blue cheese dressing. And since I hate celery, got a double helping of carrots. I was not a fan of the Thai sauce at first. But once I went back to it, I loved it. I especially loved rolling the carrots in the Thai sauce. Don't know why. I just did. And the blue cheese dressing had to be homemade. Lots of blue cheese in there and nice and rich. And it all went with the beer sooooo well. And man, that beer was perfectly chilled and so damn fresh I felt as if the beer meister (is that the word?) just got through brewing it up. On the menu were about 10 or 12 types of beer but since it was hot and I wanted wings, I wanted a blonde ale. It went perfectly with the wings. One more thing. I would prefer a little more sauce on those wings but I'm sure I could have asked for some. I just loved the beer so much that I didn't really give a damn about the sauce. I go to Phoenix every year this time of the year for work. I'm already looking forward to heading out there next year for my return to Four Peaks.
4	great beer. great place. staff was awesome. went for a late lunch.  $70 check for lunch for 3 with flights of beer + a beer each.  Lots of great flavors to taste.
4	Wanted to update my review the GM Steve reached out to me and explained AZ law regarding our situation and also wanted to know the staff involved with the experience we had so he could talk to them and use it as a learning experience. I really appreciate the way he handled this so we will more than likely visit this place in the future ..thanks Steve !
1	OVERRATED, you can stop reading now that all you need to know.The food here is completely overrated. I think it's one of those local, established places that maybe had good food at one point, but then got lazy and sloppy in the kitchen. And now locals can't stop raving about it because it's the cool thing to do. Don't listen to that. I've been here a number of times and tired different things and for the most part it is bland a greasy. Especially the beer bread. Also this location has a way of making you feel awkward and unwanted at the door. There is always 4-5 hostesses and bouncers sitting at the front talking and laughing amongst themselves when you walk up. None of which seem to want to take their eyes away from twitter long enough to help you. And the bouncers always have a serious authority complex. And finally it's kind of out of the way, so forget about hailing a cab after a few beers, which aren't bad, but you can get them at any restaurant in the state. Save yourself the trouble and your business elsewhere.
4	Great beer, amazing food. Parking is the only drawback. It's like being in a real city.
5	This is my favorite spot by far! I wish I actually lived closer to this place so I could come here more often. The staff is really friendly and super helpful. I had asked to see what hops looked like and the manager on duty was kind enough to bring some over to my table and explain the process to me. She was kind enough to take time out of her busy day to answer questions and make me feel like I was the only customer in the room.  The food is delicious! There isn't anything on their menu that I don't like. My favorite is their nachos! Get half chicken and half beef, you'll have the best of both worlds. The beers are so refreshing! My favorite is the Oatmeal Stout. The beer is amazing! It's smooth and finishes with a hint of chocolate. It's super creamy! I think what I really love about this place is that they're always playing great tunes. Staff is great, food is great, beer is great, what's not to love?! I can't think of anything negative, except maybe the parking can be a bit of a hassle. That's not going to stop me from having an amazing time here!! Go check them out now!!
5	I was in town for the weekend, and caught up with an old friend here. I had cider (only one selection) and she had beer, and both were good. Nice atmosphere, very lively, and nice menu options. Our server was very attentive, and it was an all around good experience. We went on a Saturday, and only had to wait about 10 minutes before being seated, so not too bad for such a busy place!
4	Don't say that I didn't warn you, but if you are planning to get that buzz on, get the flight for yourself without sharing. S...t will get you happy, depending on how quick you drink it and how much food you have in your system. From experience with an empty stomach, and beer was my appetizer? Oh it was a fun experience, I'd say. I've tried their soup & sandwich. It's it includes a homemade cup of soup and half of a roasted turkey club or roast beef sandwich, and I had the turkey club. Not bad. There's also a soup & salad combo if you liked to eat that inside. Boyfriend got their French dip. French dip is roasted beef simmered in au jus, topped with swiss cheese and served on a hoagie roll. The order comes with either beer battered fries, pasta salad or salad. They usually serve their salad dressing on the side, which I like because I don't like my salad drenched in sauce and eat it soggy. Four Peaks also sells big jugs of growlers. I believe they are $15 per, and if you bring it back for refill of any kind, you'll get a discount. Great place to hang during the night or day. There are lots of big tv all around. Patio seats are available!
2	I came here with my hungry team after a competition and although I completely understand that 24 people at prime time is a HUGE party, I did not expect to wait for such a long time, especially after being told that it would take no more than 45 minutes to seat us.The main problem is...I feel like they didn't even TRY to seat us, hoping we would leave (probably because we were young).  As enormous waves of people spilled out and the lines outside emptied. We were /repeatedly/ told that our table would be ready in 10 minutes, but after another 30 minutes of waiting and the seaters avoiding eye-contact, we still were not seated.It took us about 2.5 HOURS to get seated, and our party had to be split up.Also, those ladies at the front podium, get a better attitude. You gave dirty looks the entire night.Food and beer was fantastic, but it was NOT worth that terrible wait.One star for the food, one star for the cool atmosphere.
4	This Brew Pub is down the street from Arizona State so you can expect it to be busy and loud. Parking is limited to the street and only one side of it at that. As I said the place is busy and there is a reason for that. The beer is very good as is the food. We only had appetizers, Bavarian Pretzels, Barrel Fries and Spinach Artichoke dip to help soak up the alcohol. The pretzels and fries were great, the spinach dip was meh. There was a lot of dip but it was just bland. On a whim the Wifey and my daughter got the Stoutamisu - Tiramisu but with oatmeal stout lady fingers. I'm not a big dessert fan but their Stoutamisu is great! We had a flight and decided  our favorite beer was the Kilt Lifter. Good place and if we're ever in town again, I plan on stopping by.
5	Awesome fries!! Excellent food and fast service. I always have a great time here. Seating is really hood be it outside or inside. This is a must try place.
5	Nothing like home made beer and steak. Clean positive apnosphere   Friendly staff. Clean restrooms. Parking not so easy. Well worth it to find.
4	Yummy food, nice crowd access it by Orbit Mercury, beer for days!
3	Meh...I love their drinks but I never go there hungry. Every time I hope the food is good and try something new and everytime I'm disappointed, its always really soggy and greasy...bleck!
5	A must stop in the Phoenix area.  Sunday brunch here doesn't get much better.  Everything here is fantastic!
5	Four Peaks is an Arizona classic, with their Kilt-lifter and Hop Knot brands you can always rely on a special brand and taste.  I recently had the Peach Ale, a seasonal Brew with a clean refreshing taste.  Also their food is fantastic, so whether you like to old classic brewery or the new one in scottsdale, Four Peaks is a Arizona Tradition.
5	"Outdoor seating. Beer Flights. Appetizers and Entrees"The perfect recipe for a good time out with friends. Some colleagues and I headed here for some connectivity and fellowshipping. The bad is the enormously long waits to sit outside and trying to find a place to park (NOTE: Look for the signs in the neighborhoods, as the majority is permit parking only).The good.. the service was fantastic, the appetizers were awesome, and the entrees and desserts did not disappoint. I discovered a new favorite - Peach Ale -- was awesome. Not too fruity not to light. Perrrfection. The food - oh man - smorgasbord of options. We had the 5 Layer Nachos, Brickhouse Wings, Arizona Chicken Rolls, Artichoke Dip, Salmon BLT (no bacon), and desserts. They were massive and tasty. Oh the Ice Cream cake did NOT disappoint and the Stoutamisu was an interesting twist on a classic.The service was super solid. Tables were always cleared, water full, and beer on tap. I mean overall considering HOW busy this place was, they really did execute on all aspects.
4	Great atmosphere at the Tempe location.  Great beer, pizza, and salads!
1	I went to this brewing establishment to get a refreshing home brew and they denied me service due to the fact that I was with a minor on a Saturday afternoon with my 19 year old brother. I wouldn't recommend this place due to bro like ways and asu alumni stereo types. They have great bar food and a good atmosphere due to good local placement in Tempe but to decline a group of paying customers due to age is ridiculous and I will never frequent the establishment again.
5	Best beers you can get in the valley.Kiltlifter, SunBru, 8th Street, Peach Ale you can't go wrong with any of these.
4	We ordered a flight, stout shake, burgers and stout a misu. Everything was very good.  The beers were well balanced, and we enjoyed all of them.  The waitress was also very attentive to our needs.
5	Make sure you visit the bar and shoot spit wads at the girl behind the glass wall. funiest thing ever. great 20 something to 30 desparates on the scene. little young sometimes but still holds down a lively atmosphere.
5	Chicken Nachos ( they do half orders) Tap Room Tenderloin, either of there two in house IPAs = WIN
4	Needs to turn on their fans for lunch dining area because its super hot in Tempe area. Overall, i like the music atmosphere is amazing. Customer service was okay but lunch rush hour was busy. Love the burgers! :)
4	Only stopped in for one drink, but like it enough to return to try the rest out!The atmosphere was great, you might have to yell a little bit to be heard, but that's part of the thrill of coming here. I ended up with a seasonal brew called Odelay! which is a delicious mexican chocolate ale. If you're worried about too much sweetness, then there are no worries with this brew. Get it if you are looking for a solid dark ale. Sidenote - Had I seen it, I would have gone for the beer sampler that they had. There were a ton of beers on the wood board and it looked delicious!My partner had the Raj IPA. For those who don't drink IPA often this was a smooth one. Had a little kick, per usual of the brew, but a nice introduction to what standard IPA's taste like. In addition, the appetizers were good, but I personally found them a little flavorless. Don't get me wrong though, they were FILLING. The calamari and the spinach dip were rich, and we felt pretty full after trying both of them. A little more salt wouldn't hurt though. This place loses a star for the service. Everyone was friendly, but our server was fairly unattached to our experience and stopped by three times total. Stay tuned. I'm definitely heading back.
4	I came here for a quick bite and a beer. It was pretty busy but my server was on point. I had a seasonal brew...a cross between an IPA and a wheat. It was delicious!  I am also a fan of fruit beers so I tried the peach ale. This one was not so good.  It tasted almost like flavored water.  Pretty odd.The food was great. I had the Chicken wrapped in Beer Bread. Yum!I will come back here again if I find myself in Phoenix.
5	The beer was delicious (The Peach was my favorite), the food was f*#!ing amazing (we had the shrimp and goat cheese bruschetta for an appetizer and the Salmon BLT), and our waiter was super cool and very good at his job (we had Jesse...what a badass).  It was the best experience I've had at a brewery in a long time.  I will be visiting this place every time I'm in town.  This is my new spot!
4	I cannot stray from the Chicken Enchiladas. I try each time, but they have sucked me into the vortex of yum. I cannot see past them on the menu.Parking sucks, but that is to be expected in Tempe, especially an area that was not made for visitors back in the day. Patio is awesome, staff is nice and they do not exclude children from interactions when at the brewery. They just do not serve them beer. My kids wants to add that any hamburger you get is good, but mostly the Four Peaks Cheeseburger with added bacon (I would not know- Chicken Enchilada Girl).
4	A great, hidden gem.  Our friends introduced us to this place and we loved it!  Food is yummy, beer is great, atmosphere and patio seating are awesome!  Main downside is the location and parking, but definitely worth the walk if you end up having to park far.  I had the Hef which was delish and the Portabella Veggie Beer Bread which was so fresh and filling.  It was so good, but I couldn't even finish it!  Will definitely be back again!
3	I love the beer!I find the food to be also good, but nothing panty-droppingly good.
4	Of course it's about the beer first. Cannot lose with a Kilt Lifter. Good pub type food. Fun atmosphere. Great place for a good time.
1	This is the most rude, condescending, disrespectful place one could ever imagine. The uneducated, arrogant people at the entrance should be fired! I have been there once and it was more than enough for me. Tonight my daughter 'attempted' to go there (her date chose this horrible place, and they were rudely turned away because 'her parents are not with her'...she is 20 and her date 23, they were going there as if they were going to Gordon Biersch or any other restaurant and were solely going to dine NOT to drink (obviously decent restaurants do check ID if a patron orders alcoholic beverages, this dump apparently refuses ALL service to law abiding young adults without even knowing if they even drink or not!) Nonetheless, the imbeciles at the entrance refused them entry. Instead, they ended up at Oregano's where the service, ambiance and cuisine are far above this dump of a place. Thank you for turning them away, you have just lost a remarkable amount of business!
5	Love the beer, and the food and service is amazing too! Great variety of food at a very reasonable price.
5	Food is great, environment is great, and the beer is you know... Great!
5	Everything is delicious.  Hop knot IPA is the best and the Italian beer bread sandwich!
4	I've heard about this place for years from coworkers when they go to the Tempe area so I had high expectations.  The chicken enchiladas were great. I tried to ask the waitress a few questions about the beers but she couldn't answer and/or didn't care...not sure which so I gave up and decided to try the peach beer. It was good but not great. I would definitely go back and hope for a better waitress.
5	This place has some of the best beer in the valley. Typically when you are really good at making beer the food just kind of is what it is. At Four Peaks the brew is excellent and the food might be even better. One of the best places to eat and or drink at in Arizona. Cheers!
4	The GoodService was impeccable. You get your ID checked in the middle of the day, so you know they're serious about a dining experience for grown-ups only. Waitress took my order right away. Food was fresh and ready at my table incredibly fast. Unlike their Scottsdale location, my fries weren't tough and my bread didn't seem stale. They are efficient and stylish.The BadCriticism still stands regarding a very unadventurous menu. It's for the most part very generic bar fare that has no go-to dish that screams "wow, we're unique!" You could at least have something that rotates like your brews do. Talking up beer pairings doesn't make up for that. Also, parking blows, but why are you driving here anyway? I know I sound really critical, but that's because I don't want the face of a local brewery to be some stick-in-the-mud on a culinary level. I don't necessarily get excited about this place, but service and atmosphere were outstanding, so my rating has to reflect such great management.
1	The food is mediocre and so are the drinks. I don't drink beer but this seemed so popular. Worse then the food & watered down drinks was the horrible horrible service. My food took forever only to find out it had been given accidentally to another table who ordered the same thing. And had recently arrived. It happens,  but my waitress didn't seem apologetic and my food didn't get to me until over an hour after I arrived. I had ordered their garlic cheese bread which was just a thin crust cheese pizza with no pizzaz. I really wanted to avoid heading to Yelp about my awful experience as I contacted them directly two weeks ago right after my experience. Needless to say I got no reply, no apology, nada.Will never go back.
4	I am enjoying the special of seafood curry. It is one of my favorite meals to try at different places and I wasn't disappointed. I will definitely be back. Good food and good service.
5	Very good beer and very good food! Service was great, don't get intimidated by all the people outside, the place is huge on the inside. Seems more like a young, college bar-scene, and we took our parents there and they were glad we went with them or else they wouldn't have gone in. There were vegetarian options. If I'm in Tempe again, I will for sure come back!
4	I really like the food here! The beer is decent, and the atmosphere is fun. Ambient lighting inside, some seating outside (although I've never eaten outside). Burgers are good, I like the Southwest Burger the best, nice combo of sweet and (somewhat) spicy. For appetizers, don't skip the spanakopita. It's delicious!
3	Their beer is consistently good. Not great, but I'm never disappointed and it's a good fallback brew co. The appetizers seal the deal for a quick lunch & beer, but the portions are always so large. Love the environment. The servers can be a bit quick and to the point when it's busy. Might come off as rude sometimes, but they're always helpful and attentive. Overall, it wouldn't be my first choice but it's always a good choice.
4	Great place for a weekend night with with guys. It may be fun for a first date, although I think it's too noisy and not private enough for that.
3	Their beer is consistently good. Not great, but I'm never disappointed and it's a good fallback brew co. The appetizers seal the deal for a quick lunch & beer, but the portions are always so large. Love the environment. The servers can be a bit quick and to the point when it's busy. Might come off as rude sometimes, but they're always helpful and attentive. Overall, it wouldn't be my first choice but it's always a good choice.
5	Great food, atmosphere and beer...great prices as well!!! And it's great for big groups!
5	Best hangout spot around tempe. The beer, food and ambience is great. Try French fries and peach ale beer.
2	I think that this is basically your typical brewery restaurant ... nothing special that can be raved about. I'm not much into beer but have tried a few from their selection - the Hefeweizen & Sunbru are two I've liked. As far as the food goes, after going there a couple of times now and having tried a burger, some of their appetizers, and the fish & chips, I'd have to stay that if I go back, I'll stick to the fish & chips! I tried the popper burger made which chicken breast & it was extremely huge & messy/hard to eat. The fried onions were really oily & the chicken wasn't grilled well so it ended up being really dry. Their nachos & spinach artichoke dip aren't bad.Keep in mind that at this location, parking is a little bit of a pain. They don't have much of a private parking lot so you'll have to find street parking. Plan on taking a little bit of walk to the restaurant because it's almost always ridiculously busy. Additionally, if you're going there as a group, they don't take reservations and require at least half of your party to be there before you can be added to their list to get a table. Even though they're busy, I do have to note that every time I've been there, the service was good and they were accommodating and offered to do separate checks if we wanted.
4	Awesome little brewpub I went by while in town for work. Was a little surprised (in a good way though) how busy it was for a Monday night, especially considering I didn't get there til nearly 9pm, but was glad it added to the "festive" atmosphere.Some very good offerings on tap that they brew and the service from my bartender was very good (even if she did tell me the wrong order to drink my flight of beers). Food was pretty tasty as well and didn't take real long before being brought out.
5	This a must stop for folks when they come to AZ and the phoenix area.Awesome beers that are sold everywhere (Kilt lifter, oatmeal stout) and great seasonals (pumpkin porter).All food is great, pizzas, fish, sandwiches. I usually get whats on special and it never disappoints (ie: duck confit sandwich)Place can get crazy since its next to ASU campus but that's part of the fun as well. It is also in an odd location it just kinda pops up on you.Parking blows but you get over that after a few beers.
5	I love their selection of beers, and the artichoke dip is highly recommended. Never really had the opportunity to order an entree, so hard to speak to that. This place is the ultimate hangout at Tempe and is often crowded at all times of the day. Service is always as efficient as it can get in an atmosphere that busy.
4	Went on a Saturday evening and didn't have much of a wait. Sat inside which gave a great behind the scenes look of the brewery. Great service by an attentive waitress. Waters were immediately refilled without asking and she checked on us an appropriate number of times to make sure our food was as ordered and to see if we needed more beers. I ordered the peach beer which was light and crisp, almost like a cider. Very easy to drink and not super filling. The person I was with got the sampler ($10) which gave about a 4 oz portion of each of the 8 beers. He then ordered a sunbru to go with his meal. Food was pretty good as well. I got the chicken beer bread sandwich with a side salad. The beer bread is awesome - soft, chewy, and flavorful. The chicken was juicy and the addition of the artichokes and mozzarella was a yummy combo. However, I was looking forward to the cucumber sauce being like a greek tzatziki but it was pretty bland. The side salad was nice and fresh and the homemade balsamic was delicious!  He got the salmon Blt with beer fries. Fries were crispy but a bit under seasoned. Salmon Blt was great. Flaky salmon and crispy bacon but the star of the sandwich is the multigrain bread. I would definitely return here!
3	The food left much to be desired, particularly the nachos. I've made much better nachos at home. The Reuben was pretty good, to be honest.  This place was packed inside, so the outside seating was a nice reprieve. The beer is great, of course, and it's fun to people watch. Parking is a complete pain, but this is near ASU after all.  I'll probably be back, but only because my friend likes this place.
4	Since moving to AZ about 9 months ago, I had their beers on tap at other bars. The RAJ IPA became my go-to, so I was excited to try the restaurant itself. I hadn't been to a Phoenix area brewpub yet, and I couldn't have been more pleased. It was a nice happy hour patio outing. We only wanted to get beers and split appetizers, and the server was accommodating and attentive. I went for the Hop Knot IPA. It's probably the best AZ IPA I've had so far -- and I had been craving a hop head fix -- with light citrus notes and a refreshing bite at the end. My friend went for the Peach Ale, which she claimed to love, and I could see why. I normally can't stand fruit or sweet beers, but I would be happy with a glass. It's not too sweet, and it has *notes* of peach, not a full on peach assault. As for the food, I would love to go back and try an entree. The Thai hummus we split was delicious -- creamy with a few chunks, and the right amount of spice to quench with their well crafted beer.
5	Best place for beer, pizza, and wings! Love the atmosphere and the food is delish. Besides pizza and wings everything else I've tried before has always been very good. Oh and the homemade beer is the best part :)
5	One of the oldest local breweries in AZ, I love this place.  Their food is great, the AZ Chicken Rolls and jalapeno aioli are amazing, the carne adovada is awesome, be sure to get the fried eggs...  And of course, the beer!  Hop Knot will forever be one of my favorites, and the cask-conditioned Hop Knot is probably the best beer I have ever had.  Their oatmeal stout is one of the best stouts around.  Also, SEASONALS!  Seasonals are the best, from Pumpkin Porter to Hop Squatch to Short Hop, I love them all!  Oh, parking's a B*#CH, so stretch your legs and enjoy the walk from the bus stop you'll probably park near.
5	Loved every beer on the flight! Homemade pretzels w spicy mustard and edemame, yum! Had a great time visiting family and found many places I love in and around Tempe :)
5	This place gets busy and with good reason it is very good. Great selection of beers! Our service was awesome even though the place was packed full. Had the fish and chips and it was very good and were the wings. Bathrooms are kinda lacking but thats minor in the over all picture. Huge outdoor patio is also available. Will be going here as often as we can!
5	My friends and I stopped in to Four Peaks for dinner Saturday night after attending an event at a much-less appealing food-wise beer bar. I'm so happy we did - I'd honestly forgotten just how much I love this place. Granted, school is out so we are able to park reasonably close and actually get seated right away - however even if we didnt, i'm sure we still would have had a great experience. Our waitress was just wonderful, she was so friendly and attentive. We had all the seasonal beers - the Red, the Saison and the amazing Short Hop and Double Knot. I really wish Double Knot was available in stores, that is one amazing brew. Our food was equally delicous - we actually tried the new calamari app and were in LOVE. We'd all been to San Diego together last year and honestly the dish was prepared so well it reminded us of the calamari we had right on the beach in SD. Really great - we also had the Italian Beef, French Dip (Prime/Irish) and the Salmon BLT. Everyone loved their meals and of course the beer-battered fries that accompany them are excellent as always. This is a brewery that is run like a restaurant but with amazing beer - really a great place and its no wonder there are now 4 locations in the Valley.
4	Great beer, nice staff, and pretty good pub food (I kinda love their spinach dip). This place gets super busy for a reason. I LOVE the peach beer. Kilt Lifter and the Hop Knot IPA are great, too.
5	It goes almost without saying, that for a brewpub... Four Peaks has it down. Food menu, beer pairings, and service is always consistent and very good.
5	It's a massive jam jar full of delicious, hang over fixing, spicy, beery, Bloody Mary. It's topped with a pickle, olives, lemon, lime, sausage links and a damn breakfast sandwich. It's brunch, it's a snack, it's fucking amazing. I saw it sitting next to me, and I blushed like a virgin.On a Sunday early afternoon, the place was lively and full of happy brunch folk. Great atmosphere for beers and food and watching whatever sports you like on tv. Everyone behind and around the bar was friendly and engaging in conversation, pretty much everyone felt like a friend. I would totally come back! Again and again and again...
5	Four Peaks in Tempe is kind of located in a strange place. Next to Uranus Recording Studio's owned by Robin Wilson of The Gin Blossoms, it's nicely hidden away in a suburban street. Lot's of outdoor tables and has a unique vibe to it, especially since it's not bogged down with tons of bars and business right next to it. I honestly come here for food more than the beer. Don't get me wrong, the beers are great, unique, and good in variety! But the food here to me is out of this world! You would see me here eating their food with water before you would see me putting away beer. Portions are usually pretty big, so keep that in mind. There's almost always a wait to be seated. The servers have overall been on point, with 1 bad experience from a server. I will say that was just a really random experience because it's never happened again. Also is great in terms of cultural diversity. Lots of ASU transfers and students from out of the country come here. There are a lot of Indian and Oriental students that visit depending on the time of year. I have had some great conversations with some people. Easy way to get some insight about their culture! Long Story Short: Come for the food, stay for the beer and diversity of people. Expect a wait. Drink responsibly.
5	Best brewery in town and most popular. Parking straight up sucks. I usually park in the back behind the warehouse, but most likely you will be parking far away. All the beers are pretty famous already, but I specifically love the saison they have. They only have it on tap at the brewery. So it's a great treat for me when I go because they don't sell it any other way. Another favorite seasonal beer is the pumpkin porter, it's amazing! If you get the chance to grab one, grab 2 or 3 and a six pack. Food is really awesome here too! Never have been disappointed, and the staff is very accommodating and friendly. I  home brew my own beer so I love the warehouse atmosphere here eating and drinking while watching them make beer and staring at the huge conical fermenters. Everyone that's visits Tempe, must visit this unique brewery.
5	That I would find such a phenomenal brewery nestled away in Tempe, I'd never guess.I rolled into Tempe over one blistering weekend to undergo orientation for an upcoming summer job. We walked "downtown" the first night to explore the two or three blocks of action to some disappointment. Sure, it's a decent college town, but nothing was particularly unique about the offered venues.Our next and final night a like-minded friend scoured the area for local breweries and unearthed this gem. Thank god we waited until after sunset to make the mile and a half slog or we may not have been able to enjoy the incredible offerings of Four Peaks.Small disclaimer: we only ordered the beer, but we literally tried all of them - a flight plus the seasonals, the latter of which were offered us free of charge after we displayed some interest in knocking off the whole sudsy menu.First, the flight glasses are a good size. I've been to breweries where you're lucky to get an once, but they give you quite a bit to mull over with each sample at Four Peaks. They even have custom wooden tablets that they serve the drinks on, showing a confidence in their menu that is well-earned.There was not a miss in the whole bunch. One or two I'd be hesitant to order a pint of, perhaps (particularly the stout in summer), but nothing that I wasn't happy to try a second sip.The star of the show was the Peach Ale. It tastes like a commercial would read: crisp, refreshing, takes the edge off those hot summer days. The peach flavor is clear and accommodating without being overpowering and my friend and I each ordered two more pints after the flight was through. I seriously considered grabbing a growler to dazzle my friends back home, but the cost of the growler - plus the fact that I would be shelling out another $25 for a check-in bag I didn't need on the way over - proved too much.If the beers alone didn't earn 5 stars (and they do), the management would. We had a few questions about the floral notes of one of the beers, and on asking to speak to a brewer, the manager came over to answer our questions. I wish I hadn't waited so long to write this review as his name now escapes me, but I'm thinking...Jeff? Four Peaks, if you're reading this, he was managing a Saturday night a little under a month ago, and he was AWESOME. We talked at length about the nuances of the different beers and he even treated us to a small sample of some of the cask-engine brews (a first for me!). He went above and beyond on a busy Saturday night and brought the evening to the next level.There is very little that could bring me back to Tempe. The temperature was sizzling and I'm way too far out of college to venture into that scene. But Four Peaks? Maybe...just maybe...
5	I passionately love this place with all of my heart. No, I am not being paid by Four Peaks Brewing Co to give this place an excellent review. I admit that I don't come here every weekend to drink or dine here but when I do, the food and drinks here always come out delicious. I love the fact that they brew their own beers too. Price wise, it seems like a lot but if you think about the portions that they give you, its quite worth the price. I definitely recommend this place for some quick food or some very good drinks! Its a good bar to start too, if you want to casually drink with friends.
5	Four peaks has good food...good beer..good people..it's the best ! Dani is the best server here !!!
4	Great food and a nice atmosphere. A bit heavy but delicious. Arrive early - there is frequently a long wait for table seating.
5	My favorite place.  We everything is excellent. . The food,  the beer, the bloody marys and service.  I come here very often.  Their Sunday brunch is also very tasty.
5	Everything, every time is amazing. Order anything, you will not go wrong. It can be a little loud and crowded so be prepared but you can order a delicious beer from the bar while you wait. It is worth it. Delicious food and great staff!!
2	I really love 4 Peaks beer. Also love the Tasting Room. Therefore, 2 stars. Unfortunately, the 8th St location sucks. Would give it zero. Showed up today to do a girls night with 7 ladies. So I didn't realize it would be a bastion for soccer hooligans during the World Cup. Actually my bad, I really didn't think about it. However, when I got there ahead of time to get a table, it was only me. They said they wouldn't seat me until most of our party was there. Of course, it's 120 degrees out so... I asked where I could wait. The bar. Bummer, the bar was shoulder to shoulder. I literally couldn't even enter the doorway. So, I asked if I could grab a table to wait. Nope. I had to sit outside with the fiery sun torturing my delicate Irish skin. Want to know why they get a bad review? THERE WERE 20 OPEN TABLES AND NO ONE IN LINE. That's right. They made me sit outside in the sun instead of letting me sit at any of the numerous open tables. I promptly took our business to Casey Moore's. Never returning to Four Peaks. I don't even know if I want my beloved Kiltlifter anymore.
5	The beer selection was a little limited compared to some other breweries with pretty basic choices, but they were still very good beers.The nachos = to die for. get blackened chicken, trust me.  The beer bread chicken sandwich was also very very delicious. tender, moist, juicy, delicious.  my mom got the cobb salad and i had half of it and it was very good too as far as salads go.Im definitely going back, and getting two orders of nachos.
5	5/5
5	HANDS DOWN BEST BEER IN ARIZONA! Place is always packed but still always get amazing service and food every time! I can't  get enough of their different types of beers and I always take a growler full of beer home every time I go. Killer burgers and apps that come out very quickly. I live on the opposite side of town from the Tempe location and still drive all the way out there to grab a bite to eat!
5	Very busy but well worth the wait! I'm from Los Angeles & this place would probably be the reason I'll visit Arizona again.
5	Best brewery in AZ
5	I went to four peaks yesterday and have to say they are awesome. My wife and I went and I had an American red (seasonal). The beer was great, as they brew in house. The food was amazing. No wonder this is a local favorite in that area. We will 100% be back. The staff was awesome, atmosphere was phenomenal just all around a great experience!
5	I love Four Peaks......I love you Hop Knot, you're my one true love.
5	Beer selection here is MONEY.  Spent all day yesterday drinking and eating for the USA game. Great place. #8thstreetale
4	Great food, beer and atmosphere. In the summer you gotta try the peach beer (seriously) and in the winter they make a milkshake out of their stout. Don't worry, it doesn't taste like a beer. The only con is that parking can be tricky but that's true of the whole bar district.
5	Awesome place to go for beer, mingling, a date, whatever! We had the beer sampler, let me just start by saying I'm not a huge beer fan, my husband, however, is, and we were both so impressed by all the beers we tried. We had just gone to another local brewery that left me a bit disappointed, but Four Peaks did not let us down. Great beer, great atmosphere, and pretty delicious pretzels :)
5	My favorite place whether for dinner or just beers.  This is where I take out-of-town visitors because it's always guaranteed to please.  The food is absolutely amazing.  Everything they serve is fantastic from burgers to pizza to dinner specials.  The spinach artichoke dip is the best I've ever had, and all of their beer bread sandwiches are delish.  They make excellent beers too, way better than other local breweries.  Never had bad service here.  Parking can be an issue but I have always managed to find a space in the back.
5	I always want to take people from out of town here. Great beer and amazing food! The fries are to die for. They have good vegetarian options, especially for pub food. It gets pretty crowded around 6pm but if you go before or after there won't be much of a wait.
5	It gets 5 stars compared to other breweries I've been to. Great beer, good service, and surprisingly tasty food.  Even if you aren't a beer person, it's worth checking out for the atmosphere and food! And yes it's mostly street parking, but it's not frustrating at all :)
1	I'm not a fan. Their beer isn't my favorite, and their food is sub-par. I haven't had problems with the servers, but the bouncers have really poor attitudes. I'm not someone who ever has issues with security, so a bouncer really has to go out of his/her way to make an impact on me, but I will not be back. I want to go out to have a nice time, not be insulted by someone on an ego trip. There are so many awesome breweries in the valley, I would definitely recommend going somewhere with better beer and friendly staff. Sleepy Dog is awesome! Also, Huss, Arizona Wilderness, Pheonix Ale, Papago, Desert Eagle, Gordon Biersch, Nimbus...
3	Good beer and pretty good food, but the service has never been great for me. I've had several instances where our table was ignored for long periods of time (it shouldn't take 20minutes to get a glass of water or the check). And we went to have dinner (at 6:30pm) with some friends. One friend forgot his ID, which was fine because he didn't want to drink, but they said we couldn't go in. Then the guy changed his mind and said we could sit outside,  but no one at the table could order a drink. Even though there were tons of family sitting with young kids and teenagers and the parents had a drink. You are a RESTAURANT and bar. If your waiter can't keep track of who ordered a drink and showed their ID and who didnt, then they shouldn't be a waiter.It's a decent place, but not worth most of the hassle. I'll just order their beer elsewhere.
3	The beer is tasty but happy hour is week 1 dollar off beers and no happy hour menu. I had the French dip and it was good but expensive. Service was good too, very attentive.
5	Can't say enough good things about Four Peaks. Out of the several locations they have in the valley, this is my favorite. I've tried a few of the different burgers they have here and the enchiladas, nothing disappoints. There's a lot more to the menu than just burgers though so more options if a burger isn't your craving. The menu has recommendations for pairing their beers with certain meals too. The beers are always great here.It's almost guaranteed that the place will look packed no matter what time of day you come by, but it's huge on the inside and has tons of seating. Never actually had to wait for a table yet in all the visits I've had at this place.
1	Do not go in the summer. It is way too hot and no AC. Unacceptable for me. I love their peach ale. It is delicious. I will update this review when I go back in the winter.
4	Let me start with the fact that I am not a big beer drinker. But went here with a group of friends. I had no expectations, but really liked the place. I started with the wings, which are some of the best around. Great buffalo sauce and perfect crispness. The groups shared the nachos. They were HUGE! They were also pretty good, but way to much greasy cheese for my taste.I had the southwest burger, protein style. It was really good and the side salad was better than expected. Good mix of local, and college people. All in all I have nothing bad to say, good food, good people watching, and good beer. I would definitely go back.
3	Good food, good beer, rotten a/c.8st ale was good I asked for a non-fruity tasting beer and Kyle recommended 8st and it was just right . I ordered a Italian beef sandwich on beer bread. The beer bread tasted more like a soft tortilla. table service was good and fast. We were a party of 6 and we were seated towards the back of  room where there was absolutely no air flow , a/c mind you this is July in Arizona it's was 108 outside inside was miserable and high humidity.  It ruined a perfectly good time for our out of state companions. For me  No Mas 4 peaks
3	I came here today with a large group, curious about their beer and how they'd handle a large group. Well, they certainly have lots of space with huge outdoor AC units. That's a plus. I ordered their popper burger and sampled 3 beers hoping to order a pint. Here are my general thoughts. The burger: great fries, enjoyed the onion strings. The jalapenos bit. The cream cheese was ok and had an unusual texture. The burger itself didn't stand out.The beer: I had asked for the Scottish and the Hop Knot. The waitress wasn't sure what the second one was, so she gave a third. That was also good, though all three seemed light weight on the tongue. However, the waitress returned midway through my burger and by then I didn't feel like a pint. Timing is everything.
4	Very good food, but don't bother going after 3pm if you are under 21. I attempted to eat at Four Peaks around 6pm with my boyfriend a few months ago and was told I could not come in to the restaurant after 3pm without a parent or guardian because I am only 20. It was pretty embarrassing, but the staff was nice enough about it. Wish they would have had some sort of notice on their website so I would have known ahead of time.
4	I read many reviews before going to this place and most are spot on. The beer is very good, the nachos with blackened chicken was awesome, and the AC was not on. Since we went at night it was not as big of a deal. We had a petite, bleach blonde waitress who gave us probably overall the best service I have ever had. The place is worth trying but I don't think we will be back until summers over. The fact that they have fans and think that will be enough to cool the establishment is the reason I took off a star. GET SOME DAMN AC
5	Great service and great food!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Four Peaks.  Any time I go to AZ, I HAVE to stop here.  It's that good.  The beer?  Fantastic.  I'm a girly beer drinker, so my favorites are the Peach Ale and the Sunbru. Both are great!  And the food....OMG.  The shrimp and goat cheese is AMAZING, but be prepared for major garlic breath.  My BF's garlic breath was so strong, it made my eyes water.  But it was worth it!  Hehe.  The Arizona Chicken Rolls were also suuuuper tasty.  So good that I was annoyed I missed getting them the other times we've been to Four Peaks before!  I haven't had a chance to try many of their entrees yet, the appetizers are too darn good!  Can't wait until the next AZ trip!
4	Cold beer, HUGE location, tons of selections, and their food is great.  I had the wings this time and they were huge and delicious.  Great place to watch any kind of sporting event.
5	I've never had a bad experience at Four Peaks. The service is great, servers are very personable and fun (go see Carly, she's great!) The beer is amazing.... You can never go wrong with the HopKnot! Food is delicious... Try the salmon BLT, it's life changing. This is by far my favorite place to eat/drink/watch sports/hang out in Arizona. It's hard to compare any other microbreweries to this one!! :)
5	This place is awesome. I've only been here a few times, but the service was great, and the food was delicious
4	So all in all this was a great experience! The food was good, service was friendly and the beer was tasty. For starters the service was great- good food recommendations and service was quick. Follow up could have been a little stronger but hey nobody's perfect. The food was good I got the carne assada pork and it really got the spot. Good flavor, although the meat could have been a little tender-I think it dried out a bit. The sides were very tasty. Only real complaint was the tortillas, they were too big to handle nicely-they used burrito sized tortillas. Good but a smaller tortilla would have been easier to handle. The beer was great! I ordered the sampler and enjoyed every minute of it. Kilt lifter was great as always but for me the stand out was rhaj. Only complaint was I wish they incorporated more of the seasonals in the sampler not just the standards!
5	Great Place. Visited constantly in college and it doesn't disappoint when I'm back in town. First stop when I get off the plane
5	I don't think it's a big secret how great Four Peaks is. You can find their beer almost anywhere in AZ and for good reason. Besides having great beer, their food is awesome as well. Great location and when the weather is nice, their patio can't be beat.
5	Fried quail sandwich was perfect. The Italian beef was a cheesesteak from heaven. Beer is also worth a try ! The peach ale and hefeweizen and kiltlifter and raj are all yummy
5	Four peaks is my favorite brewery in the area, especially in the Tempe location!  You'll be drinking and eating right inside the brewery next to the tanks.   Come in for the beer, but stay for the food.  The chef in this joint is on point, and everything I've gotten to go with my brew has been mouth watering and delicious. They release seasonal beers every so often, and will open up with a growler sale where you can come in and buy it to take home.  Also, I understand that they will have lunch specials with things like elk burgers which I really want to try. I'd say the only down side is the lack of parking, so I'd recommend arriving extra early and parking a ways down 8th street to walk in.
5	Knowing four peaks for the beer i decided to try out the actual restaurant for the  food .   The food was AMAZING! I got the chicken pita and it was very flavorful and delicuous. I also tried the BBQ chicken pizza and the chicken tenders all great!  The service was fast and great. The hefenwizen beer was great. The atmosphere was awesome, because your actually in the middle of the brewery.  I can't wait to go  back.
5	Went here with the fam last night.  Food was great!  Had the Spanikopita app which was amazing.  Popper burger had good flavor and right up my spice alley.  My wife who normally doesn't eat a whole burger finished her entire burger because it was so good.Beers were great too.  We enjoy a good IPA and the Hop Knot did the job.  Its says its not good for kids but they were very accommodating and it was the perfect environment for my boisterous 2 year old who loves to sing at restaurants.  Im assuming the recommendation is for late night hours but our early dinner was perfect for her.
4	I actually first heard about this place while visiting another restaurant. Coming from RI, I was visiting my mom and sister and was looking to sample some local beers. Our waiter recommended a few and I ended up getting the peach ale which was light and delicious. He then told me of Four Peaks and their other locations so on my last full day in Arizona, we came here for dinner. I ordered the chicken beer bread and the beer sampler, both which were wonderful. My sandwich was huge so I ended up taking some home. In addition to the peach ale, I was especially fond of the Kilt Lifter, both for the name and the taste. The place seems like it's pretty hopping on the weekends and it can get a bit loud, both of which I didn't particularly mind. The food was great and so was our service. I'll definitely be back!P.s. my mom, who is full blooded American Indian, had your posole and could not stop raving about it!
4	I went here a few weeks ago to celebrate my Fiance's friends promotion. It's obviously hot in AZ in July so it was slightly uncomfortable in Four Peaks Brewery since they use swamp coolers. That actually did not bother me very much because they had an ample amount of fans and the atmosphere of drinking a beer inside the brewery totally makes you get over it. The prices are very good in my opinion. The options they have were overwhelming, in a good way! I had such a hard time picking out an appetizer. I ended up ordering a pitcher of one of their fruity beers. I can't remember what it was called, but it was an ale and it was very good. I got the soft pretzel and it came with 2 dips. I guess one was supposed to be a jack cheddar cheese an the other was a dijon mustard. The pretzel was good, but the dipping sauces were terrible! The cheese sauce was so runny and didn't even taste good. I was surprised to hear that this was their "new sauce" for the pretzels. Bleh. The dijon mustard was alright. I am not a mustard fan at all, but I REALLY like the dijon mustard that Uncle Bear's has for their soft pretzels and I was hoping for something similar. That's the only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5. I would go back to Four Peaks Brewing Company in a heart beat. Our server handled our large table very well. We had a great time!
5	First time here, and as good as the food is in Chicago, I'll have to find a reason to fly here. The Carne Adovada is beyond compare, and has a huge depth of flavor. I was a little concerned with how busy the restaurant was, and how quickly the food came out, but it was super flavorful and super tender.The beer/beer selection is excellent. Really enjoyed the Lefty's Lager.
1	My family and I have eaten here a few times.  We feel that the food is adequate and return every now and again for a change of atmosphere from our regular restaurants.Last night, we had a group in from out of town so thought we'd take them to Four Peaks.  We called ahead and spoke to a gentleman who told us that "We are never busy on weekday afternoons during the summer" (Um, was he being sarcastic?  He sounded sincere...) and that "There is a big parking lot that most people don't know about behind the restaurant and to the east."  He also said that reservations were not necessary because they were not busy, nor did they expect to be.We were surprised when we arrived and the "big parking lot" was actually very small and entirely occupied.  In fact, it was so cramped that it required driving backward for a significant amount of time to exit because there was no room to turn around.  The only parking we were able to find was probably 1/4 to 1/2 mile away down the street.  Since I am hugely pregnant and my sister has a small baby and it was 113 degrees outside, our family members dropped us off in front of Four Peaks while they went to park the car so that we would not have to walk in the heat.When we approached the hostess (who, by the way, is located outdoors), we had to wade through a decently-sized crowd (also waiting for tables).  We were told that "until the majority of the party arrived, we could not put our name on the list."  In a normal restaurant, this would only seem fair because customers can sit or stand in an air conditioned building.  However, we were only 1 person short of having the majority of our party there and that person was parking the car.  The only reason he was not there yet was because this facility does not bother to provide its customers with a place to park their vehicles.  Having lived in the DC area for the last 6 years, I can say that this is to be expected in a big city but in Arizona, it is unacceptable to me.  Most every other business has to pay for/provide parking for their customers.  What makes Four Peaks so special?My mom asked how long the wait would be.  "We cannot tell you until the majority of your party is here."  Based on their silly little policy, I guess this would make sense.  She asked, "If the person is here within 5 minutes, how long would the wait be?"  We were told 25-30 minutes... which is far from what we were told when we called ahead.  Given, I understand it would have been impossible for the man we spoke with 30 minutes earlier to predict a massive influx of customers immediately before we arrived but at the same time, it does seem a little more than ironic that this would happen on this very day within 30 minutes of our telephone call.  I can only deduce that he was being dishonest.My mom asked if we could wait somewhere with air conditioning since we were there with a pregnant person and a baby.  The hostess pointed to the bar area, which was not an option for us because we were there with two minors.  So, basically, we were given two options: stand outside in 113 degree weather and no shade with a pregnant lady and a baby for 25-30 minutes, or leave.  We chose to leave.Unfortunately, since parking was such a nightmare, it took us some time to reconnect with the person who drove as well as with the other two vehicles in our party that were just arriving.  It was a serious mess.  Had it not been so terribly hot, it would have just been inconvenient.  Factor in the heat and it became a health hazard.  A little customer service goes a long way.We will not return.
3	I am not a huge fan of Four Peaks.  The special harvest brew they do in the fall is great.  Their beer over all is pretty good too and the staff is always pretty nice and fast considering the number of people that come here.There are a few problems with Four Peaks though.  First off, everyone comes here.  It is always crowded and loud as a result.  You will be hoarse after having a meal here just from trying to talk to the person across from you.  Second, the parking situation is awful here.  You have to park on the street in an area with lots of no parking signs.  This means you will have to park pretty far away usually, and if you find parking on a Saturday night, even if it is half a mile away, you are grateful to have found a spot at all.  No thanks!Finally, the food here is not so great.  Also, a lot of it is fried and really unhealthy.  If you are looking to just have a beer with your friends at a good brewing company, I would try another brewery.  Since it is near ASU, there are quite a few close by.
5	Possibly my favorite place to eat the food excellent the beer heavenly and for any sports occasions awesome i suggest if u haven't been get ur ass here asap they also have daily chef specials soooooo good
5	Best beer in Arizona.  Kiltlifter is hands down my favorite.  Oh wait ... Peach Ale is my favorite .... They're all sooooo good!!! And the food! The food is so delicious!
5	Get half peach and half Kiltlifter... I call it the Peachlifter! Awesome food and beer. You can seriously order anything here and it will be amazing. Nachos, wings, chicken beer bread, pizza, carne adovada...wish they had one on the west side!
5	Food's great, beer's great, service is great.  Really, what more can you ask?  I'm particularly a fan of the Kilt Lifter and Peach ales, and the fish and chips are spectacular.
1	I'm sorry but everything from the drinks to the appetizer to the meal was so bad I wanted to send everything back. I tried the Peachy Keen drink-yuk...had the calamari appetizer with Panko crust-ummm I guess it was OK at best. The crust was too thick and you could barely taste the calamari. I ordered the hot wings-half buffalo half thai-disgusting. Worst wings I have ever had. My friends had the burgers and they liked them-so if you end up here don't order what I had. My other friend ordered the Sunday flatbread special-they forgot the bacon, and she couldn't eat it. It was that bad...bar food at its worst. I won't EVER be back. Save your money and go elsewhere
5	i had some really good times here with friends and...The Sampler:) . Great place to hang out, the food is good and if you are unsure of which beer you want to get, just get a Sampler...or two:)
5	Amazing patio at night! Perfect for relaxing! I love that it is in the heart of Tempe, but doesn't feel like it! The veggie burger & Kiltlifter are heavenly! The Oatmeal Stout is perfect for winter!
4	This is my 3rd visit to four peaks and this time i wanted to try the happy hour, which sadly ends at 6pm instead of the more traditional 7pm.  It was a very hot day and the brewery did not have the ac on so the place was a little muggy and the restrooms were really muggy.  The beer was good!  I had the kilt lifter, 8th street and the stout.  The stout was my favorite.  I also tried the artichoke dip served with tortilla chips and pita bread which was really good.  All in all, its a really nice place with a nice happy vibe to it but they gotta turn the air on.
5	Oh I don't know... It's my favorite place on the planet!! I love it here! Great food, excellent beer (especially the hop knot it's my favorite) and fantastic service.  If you're a wings fan (in which I'm a huge fan) you will love this place even more. I'm traditionally a hot wings person and not bbq. But this is the one establishment that has caught my attention with their unique oatmeal stout wings. That's right! a dozen wings doused with their own oatmeal stout sauce ( created from their delicious oatmeal stout beer), Simply amazing! Oh, I must add, if you're a MN Vikings fan this is the place to watch the game on Sundays. It's kind of a MN establishment, which is cool with me since I'm from MN:-))!  But really it doesn't matter where you're from. If you come to AZ and are into craft beer and good food this is the place to check. I promise that it won't disappoint!
2	Me and my girls went here today for dinner after viewing a distillery. We carpooled but parking was almost non existent. We gambled by parking at the business next door. We were seated immediately. It was fairly hot and muggy inside even though there was a fan on. They need to get air conditioning. I was sweating buckets. The waitress was nice but she needed to speak up a little louder. It was pretty noisy inside with the music and other noise.  I ordered a bleu cheese burger, not the one offered on the menu that has bacon in it. I don't eat bacon. She accommodated me. I ordered a drink called the Peachy Keen because I had just come from the Arizona Distillery and Four Peaks uses their bourbon in that drink. I'm not going to lie here, the drink was not good to me because it had a strong beer taste and I don't like beer. They use their Peach ale in that drink and it overpowers the other flavors including the bourbon. Don't get it if you don't like the taste of beer. My burger, which came out as I ordered it (medium well) was delivered really fast. I don't know how you make a medium well burger that fast. Anyway, It was not juicy, it was not bad, it was not great, it was edible. My friends liked their food. One of my friends ordered a quesadilla and she said it was good. My other friend ordered nachos and it was huge. She ate some and took the rest home. Anyway, I don't like leaving bad reviews, but my experience was blah.
4	Four Peaks Brewing Co = Arizona's sweetheart brewery and every ASU Sun Devils' dream come true.I came here for my buddy's farewell party.  I wouldn't say I'm a huge fan of beer but when in Rome...   I had order myself a Four Peaks Peach Ale and shared a five-layer nacho dip with my buddies.  It was a busy Saturday night so service was actually pretty decent for it being packed.  Others had order more appetizers for everyone to share but I mainly sat around nursing my light and surprisingly delicious ale while munching on nachos.  Four Peaks is a super popular brewery considering ASU is close by.  Kudos on the owners picking such a prime location.  They really know their targeted audience well.  Parking is a nightmare so try to carpool.  The bathrooms are clean and the food portions and quality are decent.  I wouldn't mind stopping by again!
5	Was in and out, but this place was a must stop for me! Had their sampler flight ($10) and left with a growler of Raj IPA and a 6-pack of Hop Knot. I love microbreweries!
4	My friends and I happened upon this place, and we had a great time celebrating my birthday there. It was still cool enough at the time to enjoy the outdoor patio seating, which made for a laid-back Saturday afternoon. The three of us just had apps and shared a flight of their brews. I couldn't get enough of the pretzel with some special mustard that must have been infused with crack, and their Hop Knot was very refreshing. I'm also a fan of the peach ale. My friend didn't take to her peach ale mimosa, but I happily polished it off for her!
5	Four Peaks is the perfect restaurant.  The normal menu has the best bar food in the Phoenix area, but there are 3 lunch and three dinner specials daily, as well as Sunday brunch specials, that easily top any other restaurant in the same price range.  The spinach artichoke dip is a highly recommended bar bite.  It is creamy and cheesy and, despite the misleading name, full of both spinach and huge artichoke chunks.  It is paired with heaps off blue and red corn chips and soft, warm beer bread triangles.  It is perfect for sharing with friends.Aside from being an excellent restaurant, Four Peaks also happens to be the best brewery in Arizona.  My favorite beer, Raj I.P.A, is super floral and hoppy, with only a slight bitter front end and a smooth, slightly malty finish.  It is the definition of balance and it has a gorgeous dark orange color too.  At 6.9 percent, it will also get you where ever you want to go.  For summer patio drinking, get Peachbru: half Sunbru, half Peach ale, and drink it fast while it is still cold.  From top to bottom, the service is always impeccable.  On the rare occasion that service slips, management always ensures that customers never leave unhappy.  Four Peaks is my favorite bar in the world.  If it is not yours, it is probably because you have not been yet.
5	Its a tragedy of the commons with there sides; so many delicious options, pasta salad, fries, salad, we lose sight of how fabulous the Italian Beef Rollup (any of the rollups) truly can be. The beer and atmosphere is what will keep you coming back though. Think Buffalo WildWings. Now, the exact opposite is Four Peaks, less they both are in buildings and have t.v.'s with sports. Oh yeah, Twins suck.
5	I don't think I could add anything that hasn't been said already. The mix of food and beer is perfect here. All the food I've had keeps me coming back for more, and the beer is such a high quality product I just want to drink it everyday. Four peaks is doing it all right and I don't expect that to change anytime soon.
5	Very nice place to chill with friends and have some good food. Wings are delicious! My husband is a huge fan if the beer selection
5	This is one of my all time favorite bars and brewery! It was my spot for college and I love it endlessly! The food is to die for (pizza, salads, nachos, etc) and their home brewed beers always make me so very happy!! When I come back to visit AZ I always make a stop back here and I get my growlers filled up w the Peach and Sunbru beers. I love the managers who work there and the ambiance and service is so relaxing and chill! Honestly can't say enough great things about this place! Wish they'd open one in San Diego!
3	This restaurant is hot, especially in the back.  There is no air conditioning, only swamp coolers, which is especially uncomfortable in August.   We went there for a birthday party during happy hour, the appetizers were pretty tasty, but I was disappointed with the beers that I tried.
5	Oh my gosh not only is the food AMAZING but their prices are great, good customer service and awesome tasting drinks. Cool atmosphere too, kinda hot in the summer though no AC I don't think.
5	Definitely the best brewery in Arizona! I believe what makes them stand out among the rest is their food. Great food for a brewery which is not usually the case. Been going there for years now.
5	Great Food. Great atmosphere and if you get lucky enough to sit in Leah's section you will be treated to a wonderful dining experience.  What a great evening.
4	The staff was very good - prompt, smiling, and very helpful.  Beer was delicious and lived up to all the other great comments.  Food was mostly pub style with very generous portions.  That being said, it was good food.  We had a large group, so a variety of items were ordered and all were delicious.
4	If you are looking for the freshest seafood in town, this is the best place to go. The portions are perfect, where you are satisfied but not overwhelmingly stuffed. The food feels more organic and clean in that I feel they use simple ingredients and don't try to add to many "fillers" for taste. If I was to pick anywhere in Birmingham to impress someone, this would be my choice.
4	Being from ASU, I've been here umpteen times and though the thousands of reviews and the constant flow of college students in and out of this brewery already vouch for this, I'm here to reiterate that this place has amazing food.  It's better than any bar food I've had, huge servings, great fries, great beer, decent prices.  I personally like it better in the summer, when it's a lot less crazy, but for the food, I will brave the crowds.  Also, I've heard great things about the Pumpkin Porter so I'll definitely be back again in September.Dishes I recommend: The nacho appetizer - there's lots of it and you won't regret adding meat to it.  The Reuben - my favorite and go-to item on the menu.  The fish and chips - my other go-to item.  The Italian beef beer bread - filling, cheesy, beef.  Need I say more?  Also, the Kiltlifter, the peach beer, and I'm sure many more that I've yet to tryTry at your own risk: Beer shake - didn't care for it.  It's the only milkshake on the menu.  Grilled chicken beer bread - it was rather dry and a far cry from the Italian beef beer bread
5	Great place to grab a beer with friends and family. This Arizona brewery boasts a colorful array of beers, with a rotating selection of seasonal brews. The food is fantastic, the service is as quick as it can be for its popularity, and the atmosphere is lively! A must-eat location for Tempe-goer or visitor.
4	Red Snapper a must.
3	First time here. Had samples of their beer and was mostly disappointed. Oatmeal stout  was creamy but not much taste. Hefe had hint of lemon flavor but the taste was also to the point of being sour. Kilt lifter had roasted barley favor with caramel as discribed on menu. When I tasted it, the flavor blend just did not work for me. They had a seasonal porter which I kind of like but I have had more favorable porter before. Food wise, I had the chicken enchilada. Decent. Nothing great but not bad for bar food.
4	A fun chill place to grab a few drinks and yummy food, and catch up with friends. I love the beer battered fries and all the sandwiches/burgers. I really liked the beer sampler, it's a great way to try different beers, but I always stick with the peach ale. It's so light with just a hint of peach. Very refreshing and addicting! It gets super crowded, and parking is IMPOSSIBLE, but it's all for a reason. This place is very laid back, fun, friendly workers, great food, great drinks.. They're definitely doing something right!!
5	Amazing food and beer! This is a great place to go for dinner, a date, or just a night out with friends. It's always packed so you need to park a little far away, but it's worth it.
5	I have been here a few times and each time has been great! I LOVE their beer and the food is good too! This is a great place to hangout after work, watch the game, or just relax. I love going here.. I try to bring anyone who visits me to this place! They have a pretty decent happy hour. I do like how it is on the weekends too,which is a perk. Tip: Food portions are huge, so plan accordingly! (ex: Nachos can feed an army)
4	Goog food , great brew , a bit hot inside this place . Tv's are small to watch the game , bathrooms are dirty
5	Great food, beer, and service. Half peach/half Raj is always a good choice and the spinach artichoke dip, pizzas, and fish and chips are all very good. Can get crowded, but that's the price you pay for a good experience. Definitely try it out!
5	This restaurant is consistent. Service is fabulous, as is the food. It is seasoned beautifully. The pasta appetizer with the mushroom reduction sauce is insanely good. I always get the black cod because it is unusual to find it on the east coast. My wife had the chicken. This is one of my go to's when visiting Tempe.
5	I go to four peaks over other restaurants all the time. The main reason is because you know your going to get amazing food along w/ delicious ice cold beer every time.
4	Great local beer. Try the Hop Knot IPA ... Good pub food and the atmosphere is great got watching football. We have been here a few times and have never been disappointed. Bartenders are very cool and know there beer. Service is great.... Be sure to ask for Victoria, She is a great server  nice and extremely personable.....
4	I love a trip to Four Peaks! Been coming here for years now! Delicious food, craft beers, enjoying the company of your friends ... What more could you ask for? In the fall, I find myself here more often as that's when they bust out the Pumpkin Porter. It's even more delicious in a shake . . . Impossible?! The Bleu Light Special Burger is my favorite burger on the menu. Get it with the beer battered fries; they're to die for.I also love the Five Layer Nacho Dip with Chicken. Just make sure you bring an Army with you (four or more of your buds), because the portion size is ginormous. The Brickhouse Wings are just OK. Still need to try the legendary Salmon BLT!Bring your growler - Trust me, you'll want to bring some beer home. The only downside is, they can't fill growlers with Oatmeal Stout (love this one the most out of all their beers ) - something about it not keeping fresh. :( Make sure you bring a DD. Drunk driving is for dumbasses who want to get tossed around Tent City like a box of Girl Scout Cookies.Don't be deterred from a trip to Four Peaks because of all the ASU youngins - There's good times and even better brews to be had for (legal aged) folks young and old!
5	I LOVE Four Peaks. Kiltlifter and IPA are my faves. Beer battered chicken fingers are a close second.Food portions are huge so order sparingly.Always have the best time here =]
5	This place gets my definite approval! I found it on yelp simply by searching for a place between Mesa and Phoenix. They had a ton of great reviews and I love to try new places, also the menu has something for everyone. I wasn't sure which drink (I was eyeing the peach, but wasn't sure) to try and the waitress said I could have a sample...needless to say LOVED IT! We ordered our food and before I thought about it again, it was being put on our table. Fast indeed. I will be coming again next time I'm up that way. Also the fries are bomb!
4	They are famous for their beer, of course, but they actually have great food too, including vegetarian-friendly food. I especially like the veggie burger and their pizza.  All of their appetizers are great too.  Minus one star because it's often hard to hear your dining companions here-- you may have to shout just to carry a conversation.
5	I'm all about good beer on tap so I love stopping by different breweries in the area. I finally got over to Four Peaks to catch up with a friend and have been wanting to go back since! Good food, good beer, great music, awesome service. The only downside is that the parking sucks---we parked quite walk down the street because there was nothing close available (and this was a Wednesday afternoon). That being said, park far away and burn off of those extra calories so you don't feel guilty about all of those beers that you're about to drink (:
3	As far as airport dining goes, Four Peaks Brewing Co fits the bill.  The service is fast and friendly.  The food is better than what you would expect while rushing through to your next flight.  The best thing about this place is there are tons of TVs so we were able to catch a couple of the NFL games while our flight was delayed.  I had the beer battered chicken fingers and French fries.  The chicken was very moist.  The breading...it was good but well there was A LOT of it.  I picked some of it off and they were fine.  The French fries were really good and had a really great seasoning on them.  I also tried my husband's chicken roll and it was pretty good but a little greasy.  Totally would visit again the next time I have a layover in Phoenix.
5	This place is fun, has a fantastic beer selection and is ideal for group gatherings. If you're a football fan - hit the Sunday morning brunch and watch the game. The food has been outstanding each time we've come. The service is great.A solid 5 stars!
5	Yummy yummy yummy!!!! My husband loves the beer, I can't drink no more:( baby on the way!:D The food is fabulous! I love the salmon BLT my favorite! Good service, the bar tenders are always friendly. Beware it's always packed weekend nights:O jeje I guess that's good tho:p I love the patio area too!Keep it up guys!;)
5	This is the place to be for great beer and food. The atmosphere is always lively and I've always had good service regardless of party size. First timers, make sure to try Four Peak's famous Kilt Lifter beer. I'm personally a huge fan of Sunbru and Peach Ale. In terms of food, the chicken strips are delicious. The four peaks menu also includes beer recommendations based on your order. Parking is a little bit challenging, but there is always space if you're willing to walk a little bit. The four peaks parking lot is small, but you can park in the alley in the back of the brewery or along 8th street. Definitely a place I'd recommend visiting if you're visiting Tempe and looking for some good brews.
4	I've been here twice now, once at their Scottsdale location and now their Tempe location. Although, it can get a little hot and humid at the Tempe location, I like it better, but I have had a great experience both times. I highly recommend the Salmon BLT. It's delicious! And if you like IPAs, I'd go with the 'Raj'.
4	Okay so here I am writing a review about some place that I went on Friday, September 12.  I went to the Tempe location with some friends from Shutterfly. The parking is horrible as you can't find anything unless you want to walk three blocks away, they need to fix that but I got lucky I found a very very close parking space I parked I walked I had a cold beer had a good time with my friends from Shutterfly maybe somebody could rent a lot somewhere around there get a bus and charge to park there have a bus take you to Four Peaks have fun then when ready to leave, have bus take you back to car. Wow what a concept college kids are they not thinking. Enough about the parking issue. Moving on now. But while I was there and I had the peach beer it was awesome the fish and chips was off the charts and you are probably wondering if I will go back  - Yes of course!
5	The pumpkin porter is AMAZING!!!!  I don't really care for their food.  But every year we live at this bar for a month.As far as the other beers, I wish they had more dark choices.
4	I would give it 5 starts but it can be quite "Bro'd out", for lack of a better term, at times. Good beer and good food though!
3	I think their beer is overrated, but if you show up not expecting amazing food or the best ale ever, then the visit will be alright if not memorable.  When I'm in San Diego, the Sculpin DOES taste like the best IPA I've ever had (98 at Beer Advocate), and when I'm in Michigan, the Two-Hearted Ale DOES taste like the best IPA I've ever had (95 at Beer Advocate).  So when I have the Raj IPA at Four Peaks, and I'm less than enthusiastic (due to all the build up of how great it is), it is not a surprise that Beer Advocate rates it an 84------pretty respectable, but let's keep things in perspective, okay?
4	This was my first visit here after recently moving to the Phoenix area this summer.  After living in CA, I have become accustomed to the being able to pop in local breweries for a beer and a bite...particularly in the San Diego area (incredible selection there, Stone is my favorite).  I really am trying to get into my local beers.  I enjoyed the Hope Knot IPA, so my wife surprised me for a lunch date at Four Peaks!  The place was a little less polished than I imaged it would be, sort of a sports bar feel.  The food seletion looked good, typcial bar fare combined with some very unique selections.  We only order some pretzels...and I ordered the taster set so that I could explore their full line of beers.  The beer was good overall, not the best I have had.  I still think the Hop Knot is one of their best, and their ales are strong as well.  The best thing about this place was the incredible service.  Despite the super casual feel, the service was fantastic.  Our server covered every detail, offered wonderful suggestions and check on us often.  When I asked about the building and beer production, she fetched the manager (Mike), who was very gracious to take the time to tell us more about the brewery (the building dates back to the 19th century!).  Very much enjoyed our lunch, I would come back with some of my buddies for a beer anytime.
5	Great beer, great food & great service!  One of my favorite spots to eat in Tempe.  Absolutely love the Salmon BLT!  Service and food are always spot on and always served up quickly.
4	We came here on a Saturday night and it was PACKED. Fortunately, we didn't have to wait for a table, however, we chose first available. We didn't think it was terribly hot that evening, so I said okay to a table on the patio. Well, it was really hot at our table. They had a few fans, however, we were in a dead zone. No air. A table opened up not too long after we sat that was in front of their giant fan, so it was great.THE BEERS:Sunbru: Kolsch Style AleHop Knot IPARAJ IPAKilt Lifter: Scottish-Style AlePeach Ale8th Street Pale AleHefeweizenOatmeal StoutRuben ordered the Sample Tray that featured all eight of their beers for just $10. Great deal. Ruben's favorite of the bunch was the Kilt Lifter. I went with one of their Summer Shandys, the Sippy Sippy with Four Peaks Peach Ale, Tito's Vodka, blood orange liqueur, and lemonade. It was all right.I was really impressed with the food! Ruben and I shared the Arizona Chicken Rolls ($8) stuffed with grilled chicken, Anaheim chiles and two cheeses and served with sweet jalapeno dressing. The rolls are HUGE and packed with chicken. Great flavors too. However, I thought the dressing was gross.I had the 8th Street Ale Chicken Strips ($10). The chicken breast is battered with their pale ale creating a really flavorful and crispy exterior. This is also the same batter used on their fries and they were so delicious. The dish is served with a flavorful chipotle ranch that went well with the chicken and fries.Ruben selected the Popper Burger ($11.50) that was topped with roasted jalapeno, onion straws, and cream cheese. It was good, but not my kind of burger. My mom enjoyed the Pub Fish and Chips ($11). Alaskan Cod is battered with the Kilt Lifter and served with homemade tartar sauce. The fish was really nice.Service was pleasant and it's a chill place to hang out with your friends. Prices are decent. A solid place to get locally-brewed beer and good bar eats.
4	I loved the service, the environment was the best and the ppl at the entrance were super nice. The food was good but I don't suggest the salad, the cheese was gross and it was a very boring spinach salad. Next time we'll probably split a meal and go for the beer. I really love four peaks so it was awesome!
4	Love this place, the food is great and the beer is cold and delicious. I recommend dessert and the cask when they have it. Service is great, the place is clean and it's always nice on their patio when it isn't a million degrees outside!
4	Four Peaks is a great place to enjoy good food and beer.  The beer is always cold and the food is always warm.  I would recommend getting the sampler the first time visiting so you can figure out your favorite brew.
4	I've been here twice and this place is awesome! The first time I went it was very packed for the USA World Cup game. I split the pretzel appetizers, which came with phenomenal mustard. The pretzels were massive and really buttery, soft, and great. I shared the Tap Room Tenderloin and ordered it with Chipotle sauce. It was cooked perfectly and the chipotle really enhanced the flavors. Would definitely recommend. Shared a pitcher of Sunbru which was really great and refreshing on a hot summer day. The second time I went with family from New Jersey who are quite picky folks. They had just gotten in from a long flight and were starved. They were SUPER impressed with the beers, both of my parents ordered flights and loved all. As for appetizers- we ordered the buffalo wings, which to our pleasant surprise were way spicier than expected, the spinach artichoke dip, which was filled with way more flavor than I had ever had, the Thai Hummus, which was superb, and a shrimp/goat cheese bruchetta. Every single item that touched my Sunbru cleansed palette was amazing. Not one thing was bland, they were all kicked with amazing flavors and combinations I could never replicate. Can't wait to keep trying the great things on the menu!
5	This isn't your average local brewery. These guys take their job seriously. From the brewing of the beer to the menu creation and preparation, Four Peaks is the model of local brew-pub success! My family loves this place!
5	This place is amazing. From delicious beer to amazing food this is the best brewery I've been to. Mike the manager took great care of us. He made sure that our experience was perfect. Try the spinach artichoke dip
4	Finally found a parking spot less than five miles away. That's where any negative comments end. The place is beautiful, well-run and all the staff is also attractive. We decided they must all be underwear models in their spare time. Male and female undie models serving awesome beer and food. The wings were good, grilled or not. Pizza was good, too. The place is a huge farm-style building with vaulted roof, beer brewing tanks in the corner, calling your name. "Beeeeeer." Well, that's my name when I am out. Tons of coeds and old folks, too. Sports on in every crevice, TONS of seating. Parking is sole issue. And  that is not as much a problem going in as it is staggering out after drinking that strong beer ..( Get a DD or the PO-PO will be after you)They don't call it Kilt Lifter for nothing. Get a growler on your way out for that "hair of the dog" that will be coming for you later.
5	Atmosphere: Pretty cool! Nice and big patio, industrial feel inside with all of the brewing equipment in view, and a mix of yuppies and college kids for lunch!Food: Fantastic. I've had two of the burgers (today was the Lamb burger) and they were both AWESOME, but the lamb was the best!!Beer: Great beer. Hop Knot is one of my favorites, and Kiltlifter does not need an explanation. Service: Pretty good; lot's of young yet competent servers. Even during a busy lunch it does not take very long to be helped. Go check it out!
5	Awesome place... great beer
5	all the Beers are great, the Salmon BLT is a must try! fish n chips are excellent as well. in heart of a college atmosphere there are still a variety of people here. familes of all ages. couples, sports fan, and kids are all enjoying this historic brewery!
5	So no more... Amazing. Get the sampler to check out all the beers they have. Parking sucks but like a good woman ... It's worth the work!
4	good!
5	I've been in the Phoenix area a few months and my friend was insistent that I had to check this place out.  My husband and I stopped in for a late lunch, around 2:30pm on a Thursday.  There is no parking lot, you have to park along the street.  Since it wasn't a busy time, we didn't have any issues and were able to park about a block away.  I could see how it would be frustrating during peak hours.  The sign out front said to seat yourself.  There were plenty of tables in the outdoor patio area but we opted to sit indoors.  The interior of the place is really interesting.  It was clean and cool.  We started with the fried calamari appetizer.  It came it quickly and was awesome.  I was expecting the standard calamari rings, but these were long, panko-breaded strips topped with Parmesan.  There were crispy and tender.  For our meals, my husband and I both got the fish and chips.  Delicious!  Crunchy Kilt Lifter Beer Batter and flaky white fish.  For drinks, my husband had an 8th St IPA and a Pumpkin Porter.  He liked the 8th St but loved the porter.  He said it didn't taste as dark as it looked and was super smooth. One warning, the portions are huge!  We probably should have skipped the appetizer or shared the fish and chips.  I was so full I couldn't order any of the intriguing desserts.  The staff were great.  Our waitress checked in on us regularly, the food came out quickly, and our drinks never went empty without notice.  Great place!
5	Four Peaks is my go-to happy hour or casual dining spot when home in Phoenix.  It is one of Arizona's oldest microbreweries and since the demise of the historic A-1 brand, the closest thing we have to a state beer.  Many microbreweries these days seem to focus on bitter super-hopped beers with other varieties being a second-class after thought.  While Four Peaks does offer the hoppy Raj IPA and the even hoppier Hop-Knot, it also has a wide selection of other excellent award-winning offerings across the entire style spectrum including their flagship Kilt-Lifter Scottish amber ale, the mild SunBru and the creamy Oatmeal Stout (the closest thing to Guinness you will find this side of Ireland).  At the brew pub, they always have one or two special seasonals including the annual spicy Pumpkin Porter.  One would expect that a brew pub would have good beer, but what really sets Four Peaks apart from the rest is the excellent food.  Most brew pubs may have one or two stand-out dishes with most other items being more mediocre and less tasty than they sound.  However it is clear that Four Peaks has a true chef in the kitchen who is as innovative and passionate about the food as the brew masters are about the beer.  The Four Peaks burgers are among the best in Phoenix - large, juicy and perfectly cooked to order.  The attention to details shows in the trimmings - always fresh, large slices of lettuce, tomato and onion on a large fresh bun.  Likewise even the side salads (which are often no more than lettuce in most places) include mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, green peppers and croutons (in addition to their excellent homemade sweet jalapeno dressing).  Other stand-out items include excellent enchiladas, carne adovada, fish-n-chips, beer-battered fries, and several excellent appetizers including Thai hummus, killer nachos, and Arizona Chicken Rolls (a long fried spicy chicken and cheese egg roll).  All served in generous portions and very reasonable prices.What really shows the kitchen's innovation and artistry however are the daily dinner specials (usually 3) that are special custom creations that have ranged from fine dining to comfort food to off-the-wall inventive.  A few examples include duck manicotti in a cabernet sauce, a sandwich of fried chicken and gravy served between waffles instead of bread and (my sentimental favorite) homemade sloppy joes with tater tots.  Four Peaks is one of the few brew pubs I know that could be successful on its food alone even without the beer.The brewery is located on a neighborhood side street (8th Ave) near ASU in a historic brick building that used to be a creamery.  The large open inside has a huge wrap-around bar and several large TVs for sporting events and can get loud when busy.  I prefer the nice outside patio.  The prices are extremely reasonable and the wait staff is consistency friendly and attentive.  On weekends, there can sometimes be a wait for a table and parking (on the street) can occasionally be a challenge.   I have eaten at probably over four dozen brew pubs around the US and would rank Four Peaks among the top three for overall beer, food, service, and atmosphere.
4	Great place! Had their oatmeal stout wings with their freshly brewed hop knot ipa. Simply, amazing combo!!! I highly recommend checking out this brewery if you're ever in the Tempe, AZ area. You won't regret it. Cheers!!!!
5	I love it
5	Excellent food! Excellent waitress! We had the cheesy beer bread and the forty barrel steak and they were fantastic! We drove a half hour to eat here and it was so worth it! It was also a beautiful night to sit out on the patio. Also, it was a Monday night and the place was packed. I can see why!
4	I love Four Peaks beer, at any given time you can open my fridge and find a few of their brown bottles of bliss. I figured that the restaurant would be a hit as well. I took a date to the brew house on a Friday night, which meant a wait. We waited 10 minutes and we were quickly seated. A waitress came to use right away, and the service was great. Also the building and patio are really cool, great place to hangout! We got the pretzels for an appetizer, and they were great, especially with the cheese sauce, which is extra. I got a steak sandwich, and it was ok, not great. I think I ordered the wrong thing. I will have to go again to try food, but a great place to drink a few beers with friends!
5	I've been an aficionado of Four Peaks beers for a long time now, and I've always wanted to come here except there's never anywhere to park. Finally my husband and I visited a couple of times on off peak hours, and it was totally worth it.I don't think I've ever tried a Four Peaks beer I didn't like, but I particularly recommend the Raj IPA and Kiltlifter.As for the food, I really loved the Southwest burger I got on the first visit. Nothing makes me feel like I've wasted a huge chunk of my daily caloric intake more than a burger with a sad unseasoned patty, but the patty here was cooked perfectly medium on the inside with a delicious char on the outside. The jalapeno dressing was tasty as well. The fries were also excellent. I don't think I've ever had beer-battered fries before, but if I were on a stranded island with Four Peaks beer-battered fries trees, I think I could live with that.And although I typically love burgers more than life itself, on the second visit I got a Salmon BLT. I'm probably never going to get a burger again because this BLT was so good. I love salmon anyway, but it still had a balanced amount of B, L, and T, which I can barely ever find on a BLT that doesn't have salmon on it. In short, I really enjoyed Four Peaks Brewing Co and I'll be coming here a lot more to partake in their delicious comestibles.
5	Every one was really nice. The food was great. My son cannot handle over populated situations and this was the first successful going our experience for us. We will be back. Mac and cheese was on task today
4	Very nice place, only reason I gave it 4/5 is so many people.  People everywhere, why do people go to a place where people are supposed to go and be social and drink and eat?  Can I have a quiet section where I can eat alone with my pet cat, then go out to drink with friends in the noisy place again?  Otherwise, good, and amazing stout shake.
5	Guhhh so good. #Stoutamisu
5	Best Local Brew in Arizona
5	Wow!!! Great food, inviting atmosphere, cold drinks and HOT women. Heterosexual males and lesbians... This place is heaven.
5	I took some out-of-town family members to Four Peaks for quick dinner and beers.  It was not that quick, because even on Tuesday the place was packed, but as all the reviews state, the food was good and my family members enjoyed the beer.  I never acquired the taste for beer so I tried one of their "craft cocktails" per the waitress' suggestion.  This particular craft cocktail added muddled blueberries, blueberry vodka, and sweet and sour to the beer.  It ended up tasting like carbonated sweet and sour blueberry candy, and there is nothing wrong with that.The waitress also helped my nephew (a food engineer) choose a hamburger.  He agreed with her, in front of his empty plate, that it was a good burger.  It was very tall.There was one moment when my half-full craft cocktail and nearly full water cup sat in front of me. Across the table, a half-full beer and a half-full water cup sat across from my nephew.  Without any sudden movements, wild gesturing, movement of the table, person passing by, gust of wind, or flying bird - an almost filled cup fell on the floor. We were all startled by the loud sound of the glass breaking. The staff didn't miss a beat; seconds later, the glass and ice cubes were swept up and the floor was being mopped.  But, it begged the question, where did this random falling glass come from?  No one was missing a water cup or drink.  Nor did anyone see or feel the glass fall off the table.  Less than one minute later, the exact same thing happened at a few tables behind us!  Rumor is that the old building, which used to be a creamery, is haunted.   I don't believe in ghosts but I also don't have another suggestion.  Maybe the ghost from Casey Moore's came over to play?  Really, how many haunted bars can Tempe have!?
5	Since the first time that I went to Four Peaks I was hooked. From the friendly atmosphere, great servers, amazing beer and food this place is definitely one of my favorites that I go to a couple times a month. I have never had a bad experience of all the times that I have gone. Happy hour is great and always draws a big crowd. I always look forward to Fall because then I get to indulge in their Pumpkin Porter! Yummy. Highly Recommend going here.
5	Good food great beer nice atmosphere do I need to say more this place is by far the best Brewery in Az and the food is delious.
5	Can't go wrong with Four Peaks! Who doesn't love trying out a local brewery and chowing down on some good food? I've been here at least a dozen times, and have never had a bad experience. Try their seasonal Pumpkin Porter - it's delicious!My only tip is to get there early, especially if you have a large party - it's a popular spot and there is usually a wait!
5	Awesome place - the staff was so nice, welcoming us as it was our first visit to the brewery and helping us out with extra tasters and pita for our hummus. The brew pub is right in the brewery itself, so you're sitting near the big beer tanks. There's both inside and outside seating and plenty of it (of course it does fill up - we went around 4pm on Saturday and it was fine but a couple hours later there was quite the wait). Oh, and of course the beer was great too :) Great choice for a casual afternoon or night out with friends.
4	Great, hopknot ipa.  tiramisu, wonderful for chocolate lovers
5	The green chile chicken mac & cheese with cajon spices has a nice kick and the salmon BLT you can't go wrong with.  Generous portions with good beer like the kilt-lifter, Raj and a Hef what more could you ask for?  Food & drink arrived so fast we thought surely it wasn't ours.  You have many choices for seating indoors, outdoors, bar etc.  Huge warehouse but this place has a good feel to it with a lot of cute waitresses.
4	Great nachos, has tours.  Had the nachos and they were great.  Make sure you dont get seated under a fan, cools your food to fast.  Beer is a plus!  I love Hefe and theirs was on point! #4 on my list.  Went to watch a football game on monday, wait was very minimal.
4	My girlfriend & I frequent Four Peaks because, well, it's rad... Tonight was no different except for the initial reception. We had our ID's ready because we know you check at the door, but no one checked it before the hostess started leading us back to our table. Then the security guard, who was MIA when we had our ID's ready, stopped us as if we were trying to sneak in (he was too busy flirting with a girl to notice that we had our ID's out the whole time) & stopped us as his co-worker was leading us to our table. We jokingly said "we've had our ID's out" and he was a jerk saying "obviously I'm a security guard & need your ID's." Oh, really? Obviously? You were too busy not doing your job & flirting with someone to notice that we had our ID's out from the start, then to be an ass when you notice that there are people walking in... No. I love Four Peaks & I will continue coming here, but Eric (the complacent security guard on 10/28/14 around 8pm) made us want to turn around & go somewhere else. Otherwise, Steven was an amazing server & the food ruled. Two thumbs up for food & service!
5	Came here for lunch after a long night of Halloween celebrations. The food, the drinks, and the laid back atmosphere all hit the spot. The beer mimosa was delicious, as was the pulled pork sandwich. The service was efficient and very good, as well.  Most importantly, the music wasn't too loud. We'll be back.
5	Good food, great beers.  I'd suggest it to anyone.  The crowd is loud and young.  If you're 22, you already know this.  They get really packed and there's a line and wait whenever I go.It's a bar for twenty somethings.  A really good one.
5	A nice find tonight.  A strange location in a residential area albeit mainly university students.  Food was great pub food and the Hops IPA was refreshing.  A definite return visit is in order soon!  The place was buzzing for a Tuesday night and from what I hear is a tough seat to get most nights due to its popularity.
3	Can't go wrong with their IPA!
5	The food here is off the hook! Beer bread sandwiches are delicious and the fish and chips are some of the best around! And then there's the beer itself! The only one I personally don't care for is the Peach Ale, but if you like peach I'm sure it'll do it for you! If you're in during the fall give the Pumpkin Porter a try and if you're real lucky they'll have Double Pumpkin on hand. On to the service, nine times out of 10 it's on point. And if it isn't, the management cares and wants to know! Today my wife and I went in for lunch, grabbed a table outside. There was still a bill folder on the table from the last customer, combine that with a change of servers and they didn't realize we had just sat down. No big deal, after about five minutes I casually asked the nearest server if we could get some help. The manager quickly came by and let us know he'd make up for it. I reiterated that it wasn't a big deal. Well, the entire bill was comped less the growler of PP we got to go. WTG! You didn't need to, but you ensured already loyal customers left happy. If it happens to you, don't forget to tip your server what they deserve for the amount of work done. Appreciate the service, Jen!
1	Horrible brewery. You don't allow a 25 year old from Wisconsin because his license is vertical. Just awful customer service. I hope your brewery burns to the ground. You are a horrible corporate monster. It should be about the beer, not screwing over out of state customers. Only giving one star because I can't give zero stars.
5	Anti-swank. Come as you are.  It has a garage meets dorm room sensibility. Attach that to top notch beer, really good food and a fun atmosphere it makes for a hell of a nice place to hang out, especially during patio season.
5	There is a time and place for everything... a beer fills most of those time slots! If you are a local then you know the Four Peaks, but if you are transient visitor to Phoenix then let me fill you in. This brewery is one of the best places to eat in Tempe. It has one of the best Salmon BLTs I have ever had. And this all from a person who is not, admittedly so, a beer person. I enjoy the occasional draft and this joint has enough to keep the beer flowing like wine all night (Dumb & Dumber). There is a outdoor section that is really fun during the cooler seasons and the indoor seating area gives a great feel of being inside the inner workings of a real brewery with soul. I sincerely enjoy the hanging flags representing the different global influences on their craft. The staff is pleasant enough, the only issue can be wait time since this place is typically jumping!
5	The beer here is great and so is the food. They have a wide selection of their own beers as well as a good list of featured beers from other breweries. The sunbru, peach ale, and kilt lifter are all personal favorites. In terms of the food, any of the burgers are great. The fries are probably the best fries I've ever eaten (order a side of the sweet jalapeno sauce to dip your fries in, it's the best). They have really good blackened chicken quesadillas and the pizzas are pretty good too!
4	Great fish not so much chips.   Not a huge fan of the fries. They are beer battered and kinda greasy, but not the worst I've ever had.     We got a half order of nachos to start they were plenty for four of us.   Lots of cheese and chicken was cooked to perfection.   Everything else came on the side.   Very good.   Very nice lunch indeed.
5	This place was more than awesome. I've been to breweries, but none that had a restaurant inside. I was jacked to eat & drink here when I found so many positive reviews on Yelp. The place must've known my presence ahead of time, because our group sat closest to the back where the yeast smell was strongest. Decided to get the beer sampler, our server was awesome as he gave me an extra sample of their seasonal pumpkin beer. I personally wasn't a fan of it but the gesture was nice. I really liked their peach beer, never had anything quite like it. Appetizers [edamame & pretzels] were hearty. My meal was the chicken fingers & fries. I couldn't hardly finish it because there was soooo much. The beer batter on the chicken was nothing like I'd had before. I foresee many more visits here, what a great place for the Valley!
4	I really do enjoy this place everytime I go.  They have a great patio with lots of shade to sit outside and enjoy a cold beer and a meal.  Last time I went, we ordered the Blackened Chicken Nachos (they were pretty tasty, though not the best around by a long shot) and the spinach / avocado dip, which was delicious.  The entrees we ordered were also very good.Fish & Chips: the fish was excellent and lightly breaded with their signature beer batter.  Chips were also lightly breaded in their batter, but I personally prefer my fries un-breaded. Burger & Fries:  Black Angus burger cooked to perfection (med-rare) and was very flavorful and juicy.  Again, fries breaded...Pizza:  I didn't actually try the pizza, but it looked good and smelled delicious.4 Peaks is always a fun place to stop and at least have a beer or two!
4	I can't believe it's been years since I have updated my review! Four Peaks is one of those places that I like bringing out of town guest to, and also great place to just hang out with friends too!I still think the Popper Burger is outstanding, just so fresh and good! And if you haven't tried the Nachos, man you should, delsih!  I have tried a few fights within the last couple of years, but have to say my favorite is the Peach Ale, sometimes I just cave a Peach Ale in a frosty cold glass! So good!I have even tried some of the dessert a time or too, if you go and have a sweet tooth bugging ya, try the Stoutamisu, you won't be disappointed. Four Peaks still a favorite place for me, I'm sure I'll be back soon!
4	It's Four Peaks. Enough said.This place is a staple in Tempe and you will never regret coming here. The beer is great, the food is great, the atmosphere is great. I always find myself searching for boxes of Kiltlifter when I'm out at Costco (which is an awesome deal, by the way). The nachos are to die for and the Oatmeal Stout is by far my favorite beer here. Definitely grab the seasonal beers as they come in, too! Be wary though, sometimes happy hour prices don't apply to the special beers.
4	Went here for the first time this past Tuesday and the place was packed.  On. A. Tuesday!  That is surely due to the fact that this place is right by ASU campus and the food and beer is incredible.This is first and foremost a brewery after all...Had a couple of their famous brews...  Kiltlifter and a pumpkin seasonal and both were ice cold and so tasty!  Fish and chips were perfect and some of the best I've had anywhere.All the bartenders and waitresses look like models and it is loud and fun here.  If you are into the scene I described you will love this place!!  Only 4 stars cuz parking sucks ass.
5	What can I say about this place except that one of my favorite places to go!!! Food is BOMB! Beer is BOMB! This place is BOMB!
4	My favorite local brewery! Food is always delicious, and the beers are awesome. It's always busy, which is a sign of a good place. Parking isn't always the greatest, but it's worth parking down the street and walking. The Peach Ale is my personal favorite, but all of their beers really are delicious! If you're searching for food options, I LOVE the spinach and artichoke dip, and their beer breads and french dip is delicious too. You really can't go wrong with whatever you order. Definitely a great spot to visit if you're new to the area or if you have out of town guests. A really great AZ experience!
4	Beer was excellent!  Had the seasonal double pumpkin ale and really enjoyed it. I come from Portland Oregon so I'm always looking for great beer. Pretty satisfied with what I had tonight!!  I ordered a pizza and am so spoiled by all the great places at home so, sorry I couldn't get that fifth star but the pizza wasn't great. It didn't taste housemade and I'm pretty sure the crust was bought and not made in house. But... the other food we had was good and everyone seemed to love their choices. Great location and great staff that accommodated my crazy sister and her dog. Dog had to sit outside the patio fence and we sat inside the fenced area. Fine by me and everyone was okay. Go for the beer and order a burger... they looked great!
4	This place never fails me. And a bonus, Odelay! Is on tap, is a beautiful Mexican chocolate beer. Now I wish I had some chocolate to go with it.
4	The biggest downside of Four Peaks is the parking situation. If you go during a peak time, you may end up walking as far as a half a mile to actually get to it. But that speaks to it's popularity, and it's quality. They have good food and great beer.
5	Four Peaks is the ultimate dining location.  With the combination of amazing beers and well crafted cuisine it is impossible to leave without thinking of when you will be back.  On top of that it has an atmosphere second to none.  The staff is very friendly and the actual building is an awesome old farm house.  One of the coolest features is the dining and bar areas are right next to the brewing vats.  You really cant go wrong.
4	This is a really great place to sample some beers! I did get the sampler and managed to try eight different beers which was great as this is a brewery. While I'm not much of a beer drinker myself I can definitely appreciate the time and effort it takes to make great local brews. I also ordered the fish & chips which were quite good. Not the best that I had but it's up there. The bartender asked if I wanted to try some seasonal brews which I was surprised about but was glad to try them.The atmosphere is pretty cool but I'm not sure how I like that industrial feel to this place, then again it's a brewery after all. Service was decent even though there are a lot of younger bar and wait staff here, not that it matters because it seemed like they were doing a pretty good job.Parking situation here is a bit tough but luckily I came at a slow time so it was easy to find parking and be served fairly quickly.
4	A number of people told me this was one of the better breweries in Phoenix area and was one of the first. I also kept seeing their beers other places while in town so I made sure to get by and check it out. I was not disappointed, cool bar environment and great selection of food and in house beers. I did a sampler and had a Pumpkin Porter. The porter was probably my favorite beer out of all of them. But they had a number of good beers. Definitely check this place out if you like craft beer.
5	I love this place. Best place in Tempe! Apart from drinks chicken wings are the best here :) Ofcourse the beer-battered fries as well.
5	First time here and found it on YELP and it paid off.  From service, attitude, environment, food and beverage everything was excellent. Awesome experience all the way!!
5	This place has my favorite Hefeweizen... Period. Also the Salmon BLT is unique and delicious. Great find!
5	Love the food, service and atmosphere!! Even the wait isn't bad because you can grab a beer and hang around. Always go for their specials, the kitchen always puts in extra effort for these dishes!
5	One of the best local brews I have been to.  Love the food (surprisingly good for a "mirco brew").  Only one better is Stone brewery in Cali.  The food and service are all top notch.  Its cool they have the bar mixed in with the vats they make beer in, to remind you where it comes from.  Right next to college area so its always packed and parking is a pain.O ya, the beer is amazing as well :)
4	Food here is very good.  Atmosphere busy and fun .. Dining among brewery tanks is always cool.  I know I'm in the minority .. But I think the beer Is just ok.I had the Raj IPA and it was .... fine.  I have had many Sunbrus, 8th Streets .. The Pilsner when they have it .. And they are all ......... Just ok.  Sorry.There are breweries in the Valley (Litchfield Park Tap Room, Arizona Wilderness) making beer much better than this.  Granted they are smaller batches ... I guess that's the difference.Four stars for Four Peaks ... It's a lot of fun with good food and okay beer.
5	With 1200+ reviews and 4+ stars how can you go wrong?Excellent and attentive service who's have great communication. Their beers are decent to great and you can sample to find the right one you want. Great vibe, fun decor with flags and Christmas lights but not so loud you can't make friends and have great conversation. Excellent nachos and the Carne Adovada is not to be missed if you can only visit once.They also have great daily specials including the Elk Oso Buco which is delicious.
3	I love the location, and atmosphere of this place.  I've been dining and drinking here for fifteen years.  Recently the service hasn't been amazing.  However, the food is still decent, and the beer is still satisfactory.
5	This is a "you just can't go wrong" type of place. A local favorite, for sure. Great beer and awesome food in a very cool place. Sure, the parking can be a bit of a pain but, who cares.Lunch, dinner, happy hour, it's all good.Some of my favorite menu items are the Green Chile Mac & Cheese, any of their burgers, the grilled chicken beer bread and the Salmon BLT is *really!* good.Seasonal beers like the Pumpkin Porter and the Odelay Mexican Chocolate Ale are some of the things legends are made of. If those aren't in season, my favorites are the Oatmeal Stout, Raj IPA and the good ol' Kilt Lifter.As a bonus, the guys from Four Peaks do a lot of cool things in and for the community.Everyone loves Four Peaks...
5	This is probably as good as it gets for a beer lover.Four Peaks has an excellent patio so you can relax and unwind with a drink after a long day.  The place is gigantic, so there's rarely a wait.The beers are delicious.  I had the Peach Ale and the Hef, and both were awesome.Their servers are very friendly.  Ours brought by a couple of free samples to see what we'd like best.ENJOY!
5	Love this place. I don't even drink and I definitely will go here if anyone suggests it. All of their beer is brewed in house and their water is even filtered so it doesn't taste gross. My favorite there is the margarita pizza. It's the only place I will order this.
5	I'm a fan of their beer and it's even better on draft! We ordered their fish and chips and grilled chicken beer bread. Both were very filling but delicious! The food came out pretty quickly and our bartender was always there when we wanted another round.
5	Great beer. Great food. Great service. I ordered a delicious lamb burger which included  spinach, tomato, red onion, crumbled feta, and tzaziki sauce in between parmesan crusted toasted foccacia bread. This place can be family friend or a great place to unwind after work. I highly recommend happy hour! $3.75 pints and  $13 pitchers.
5	It is true what they say about the nachos. They are quite delicious.  This is probably this best bar restaurant in Arizona. They have a lot of food options and they are all good I hear. They are a Vikings restaurant too so bonus points for that. Go Vikings! Everyone is very friendly. Parking is kind of a bitch, but whatever it is worth it. TVs everywhere is nice too.
4	This place is conveniently located inside the airport. It is an excellent stop if you are looking to grab some breakfast or even a beer early in the morning. The service is excellent and they also try their best to feed you so you can make your flight. I definitely recommend their beer soup. It is delicious!
5	This place was awesome!!  Went there with my wife and 3 kids and NO ONE had anything negative to say.  The manager stopped by to introduce himself and then again to check on us.  Server was very friendly.  Beers were delicious, my wife even enjoyed one after our server brought her a free taste of a couple to choose from.  We ordered a variety of things from a sandwich to pizza to pretzels and all shared.  As I said, no one had a complaint about anything.  Everyone was happy!  I was a little worried about a brewery with kids but it was fine.  We will definitely be back.
1	I came by with my parents on a Sunday afternoon around 4PM. My dad went in first to grab a table and then my mom and I entered a few seconds later. I was stopped by the bouncer and asked for ID. I showed him my California driver's license. He examined it for a minute or two and, apparently unsatisfied, asked to see my passport. Thankfully, we had stopped by Four Peaks on our way to the airport so I happened to have my passport with me. When I asked him why my CA license wasn't acceptable, he mumbled something about a new policy. After again examining my passport for a few minutes, the bouncer mumbled a vague apology and said that I should bring my passport with me in the future. First of all, any bouncer worth his salt knows California licenses are almost impossible to fake. Second, I was with my parents and it was 4PM on a Sunday...And finally, I was the only person who was stopped and asked to show ID. It is extremely unusual for any restaurant / bar to have a "policy" requiring you to show a passport rather than a state ID. Frankly, the implication was insulting and I will never come here again. In terms of the food, it was okay. We had the gyros, salmon, and a cheeseburger. The gyros were decent but the salmon was overdone. The cheeseburger was alright - nothing special. We also ordered a pumpkin porter, which was decent but lacked the spice and slight sweetness that pumpkin beers usually have. Service was extremely slow. Our waitress was nice though. The food and beer itself were a 3.5.
5	Great beer, great atmosphere, amazing pizza, and hummus that blew my mind. I'll be back!
5	Finally went to the Four Peaks Brewing Company with the gang last Saturday night.  Have heard a lot about this place was looking forward to checking it out.  It was packed with people.  Great hot spot.  Lots of beers to choose from so I ordered the Sample Tray for $10.  What a great deal!  Got to try all their beers for a great price.  The food we ordered was amazing.  My favorite was the Arizona Chicken Rolls.  Stuffed with chicken and had the most amazing combination of flavors.  Our server was great and made wonderful suggestions along the way.  The prices were very affordable I thought and will definitely be returning in the future.
5	We had a beer sampler and appetizers! Beer and food were served so fast and the service was amazing! Beer is delicious(Belgian red,OMG), calamari was lightly fried, flavorful and filling! Wings, spicy and full of flavor, Carne Asad tacos... So Damn delicious! You must visit! Food server til 12:00am, they close at 1!Parking behind the brewery!
