5	I loved this little store, the lady behind the counter was really sweet and her husband was nice. They were both very helpful, they helped me find what I was looking for and gave me some good recommendations. I highly recommend this store.. I am definitely coming back..soon!
5	I visited Lotte after reading MJJ's review of the market. I can recall having passed by this place several times and thinking it was no longer in commission. Like MJJ states, the place is easy to miss. The signs are old and obscured by tress and the lot is small and  at best sparsely dotted with cars.  There is an oriental rug store adjacent to the strip mall that is going out of business, so it is not the most happening part of town.I cannot say that the market is especially inviting, considering it's layout and location (about 600 ft past South and Scaleybark) but as  a Korean-American from out-of-state, it was a welcome sight! Upon entering, I received a friendly head-nod from the store owner behind the register- she was and often is on the phone. I browsed for several minutes while munching on Korean snacks and ice cream (paid for later).  I counted over 20 different kinds of frozen dumplings: Korean, Japanese, and Chinese, too.  They have Asian kitchen utensils, like rice paddles, sushi mats, electric kettles, and tea strainers (I bought a much-nicer-than-dollar-store quality one for 1.99).  And, they also carry every food item any East Asian would crave, including the staples: shrimp crackers, instant noodles, rice, of course, and dried seaweed-  healthy and not as unpalatable as its name. Also, I noticed Lotte carries a lot of popular Korean/Japanese drinks: THE yogurt drink (pronounced as yog-eh-ruht) which is a probiotic, though not really yogurt, drink; it comes in packs of 5, 2.1oz. containers (that are recyclable!). And they have vitamin C drinks, milk drinks, and  fruit drinks with real fruit chunks, or pulp.There are small media enclaves throughout the store, magazines in a little corner in the front, Korean drama on dvd by the register, and the Japanese/Korean dramas on VHS by the in-house kitchen towards the back. Things that  may require some getting used to: 1- Less than full shelves- not everything is stocked full.2- Lots of different kinds of customers, speaking different languages.     Don't worry no one is talking about you.. at least no one was talking       about me. While I was there, there were two Japanese women, an      older Korean women, and two young Latinos. 3- Fresh produce selection is minimal. There were Korean melons,       zuchini, sweet potatoes, green onions, SPROUTS, and lots of      green leafy  veggies, all very competitively priced- but that's it.4- Sometimes Asians come across as  little chilly or they  do things      that Americans may consider rude,  such as speaking on the      phone, or munching on a snack while customers are present.      Open up to the owner a bit and you may be surprised at how      receptive she is. I have a half sleeve tattoo, which is more      disgraceful or scary than bad-ass in the Koran culture. In between      her glances to my art she recommended a hair salon, invited me to      her church, and also introduced me to one of her regular patrons. Their traditional Korean side dishes, a variety of kimchis, spicy anchovies, and pickled seaweed/kelp are made fresh, and on the premises  with love from someone's grandmother.:. UPDATE- These traditional dishes, generally eaten with white rice,                       and a side of soup, are all phenomenal, just like my                       Mom would have made!Saturdays they continue to have sushi and traditional Korean pancakes (containing veggies and sometimes a mix of seafood).  I really love that there is a place like this not too far from downtown Charlotte. I will definitely be a regular and encourage all interested to stop by and tell the owner I sent you!
2	I thought this was LOTTE like THE LOTTE... you know that gigantic Korean supermarket chain similar to H Mart? No, it is sadly not and in the middle of no where. It neighbors a Latino clothing store and is on a street sparsely populated with random businesses like tanning salons and such.On the up side this tiny little grocer (with little to no prepared foods), has a variety of Korean groceries which is hard to come by in this neighborhood. Their selection of fresh produce was extremely limited, and I don't even think they sell meat. But they do have Hi-Chews for only 99 cents, some frozen Korean ice creams, and a variety of instant noodles/rices/curries which is up my alley!
5	This place is awesome.  Moved to CLT in desperate need of Korean food/people.  I got hooked up here with both.  Owner is very friendly and I can find everything that I'm looking for here.  My mom is back in California, but the owner told me to call her Mom... =)dmo out
4	great kimchi made by grandma !
