3	The new Farm & Fleet in Verona is very, very large.  Obviously this is evident coming in from the parking lot, but I was still taken aback by the sheer size of the place once I came through the doors.  This is by far the largest Farm & Fleet I've ever seen.  My first impression was a bit negative, as I was greeted with "Do Not Enter" because I apparently parked on the "incorrect" side of the lot.  I walked around to the other set of doors and DAMN!  Have I mentioned that this place is very large?I quickly navigated my way to the Hardware section using the ceiling signs and found the first things on my list quickly - a drilling hammer and a tape measure.  The drilling hammer was easy - three Estwing options to pick from - but I was quickly overwhelmed by the multiple varieties of tape measures.  The one I really wanted was of course sold out, but after a solid ten minutes of comparing measures I made up my mind.  Sometimes there is such a thing as too much choice.  Following this, however, my day got difficult.  I was looking for a vinyl patch kit and wandering the aisles wasn't getting me anywhere.  I was approached by a very helpful associate who had no idea of where to look, but he graciously led me from section to section asking the respective floor managers.  I did manage to see most of the store this way, but I was out of luck until I found something passable in Automotive.  I then cut across the store to look for a certain fiberglass polish in the Home & Garden section, but after 15 minutes I gave up and went to check out.  On a subsequent visit I didn't have any issues with the two items I was seeking, in part because I'd already had walked around most of the store and had a good feel for it.The selection at this Farm & Fleet is the best of any I've seen, and it comes close to rivaling Menard's for many household repair items.  My main problems were probably a symptom of the employees being relatively new.  I didn't quite receive definitive answers from any of the floor associates on my one hard-to-find item, and I was too tired of shopping to ask when I couldn't find another item.  The worst part of the experience was checking out.  I have a talent for choosing the longest line, and without fail I ended up waiting for seemingly forever while the check-out lady slowly scanned the items of the couple in front of me, chatting away about anything and everything.  Granted, I probably wouldn't have been as irritated had I not spent the last 45 minutes wandering about the store, but I only had four items and I just wanted to leave already.  I'd probably rate this place four stars if not for the parting frustration.  Overall, I think the Farm & Fleet is a pretty good option when you need to load up the cart.  The location is fairly convenient and once you learn the layout it isn't too confounding.  It's definitely easier to get to than Menard's or Home Depot, but for one or two things I'll stick with a smaller hardware store closer to home.
5	Farm and Fleet - I love these stores.  I typically hit the one in Monroe but, it has a limited selection.  This newer store is really a flag ship.  It is H U G E!!!They have an even greater selection and variety of everything you need, and many things you don't but, might buy on impulse.  Because, really, who doesn't need a 10 pack of headlamp flashlights, or three multi-tools?Speaking of impulse shopping, sure, the tool section for men is like a crack candy store to a junkie...we expect that.  But, beware the clothing and bulk snacks....the stuff just jumps into your cart.You really can't beat this place for out-door clothing, unless you go someplace like Gander Mountain or Dicks.  They have a really good selection of all sorts of out door and work clothing, including hunting clothing.  Speaking of hunting and fishing, they have most, if not all, of your needs.  Again, not Gander Mountain, certainly not Orvis but, this is a mainstream store for mainstream America.  If you need the BEST or most expensive tools, tackle, or gear, this is not the place.Great place for bird and animal lovers!  All sorts of bird food, feeders, etc.  Get you salt licks, nutrient blocks, horse feed, and more dog and cat food than you can ever imagine.  The prices are pretty mainstream for the pet food.The automotive and trailer supplies are quite vast, and I've always gotten good help when looking for a new car battery, head lights, or what not.This is a great resourse home seasonal home needs - wood splitters, tools, humidifiers, dehumidifiers, fireplace essentials, etc., etc.I might normally be inclined to give this place four stars but, given what they offer, there just isn't anything else in comparison, so, this is the best.
5	Farm And Fleet literally has everything you could ever want...it's a home depot, wal mart, and specialty farmer's store all rolled into one. And triple the parking of all of those stores. The prices there rival all of the above listed stores so you know you can expect to get some good deals. One thing that makes it better than the above listed??? The quality of the clothes that they offer are much better (they sell brands like puma, addidas, etc) than what you would find at wal mart. Also they have a huge section where they sell a lot of "working clothes" reflective gear, overalls, work boots, etc. So if you need anything along those lines (even if you're not a farmer) you can come here and find what you need.They don't have a produce section but who needs fresh produce when you've got 3 aisles of candy!?!? It was also fun sifting through their halloween/thanksgiving items in August. It may be a bit early but being reminded of the fun holidays that are coming up made me feel better about summer being almost over :/Staff was helpful and super friendly as well.
5	Talk about Service.   I needed a Michelin tire, as one tire store (to remain nameless) said sidewalls were too broken down to repair.  I knew F&F had same tire, so I told them to inspect and r put a new one on.  The guys that worked the tire desk and the tire technician were fantastic.  I thought it would take an hour or so, and within 30 minutes I got a call to pick up the tire.   I said I needed it mounted and they said no problem........I thought all along,A huge Thank you for their honesty, integrity, and tips they gave me on my next tire purchases.......I trusted the technician and will again buy my tires there.  I am considering a brake job due to what I thought was a very top-notched service group.Thanks
3	I'm sooooo on the fence between 2 and 3 stars...Pros:- Huge store, tons of selection (for most items)- Clean- Well lit- Lots of check-out lines; usually well staffedCons:- Odd layout/location for certain items- Some items are priced much higher than competition- A few miscellaneous complaints (see review)Let's start with the good.  This store is huge, clean, well-lit, and usually has tons of ready-to-check-you-out checkers.  I like all of that.  I also like that they have a decent selection of quality buckets, tools, automotive supplies, and other common DIY materials.I struggle with the layout, however.  Need a broom?  They're scattered everywhere.  Some are located by the Ag section (one corner).  Some are in the middle, near the back of the store.  Some are located in the home goods area (opposite corner from Ag).Need some Loc-Tite?  It's not near the automotive supplies, nor the tools... nope, it's over by the rope section.  It's the odd little things like this that have me shaking my head... And I can't figure out why this location carries so little ammunition and/or sporting goods supplies.  The Stoughton Road location has a better selection; Watertown even better.  Although none of the Farm & Fleet stores compare to the competitor - Fleet Farm.  Now that's a store... too bad the closest one is in Beaver Dam.I also found it odd that when I visited this particular Farm & Fleet earlier today, they were nearly completely out of grass seed, top soil, compost, and sand.  Nearly all of Wisconsin is busy repairing damaged lawns, yet when I asked for these lawn supplies I was told that they were "gearing down" and making room for Christmas stuff.  Really?  It's not even October...I guess I'll stick with 3 stars.  Part of me wants to go with 2, but I'll be nice.  For now.
5	I am a happy customer of Blain's.  The service is always good and the selection is lacking when compared to Home Depot but I would rather shop here.  Blains treats their employees well.  They are closed on holidays, pay a little better and from what I have heard they are nice folks to work for.  They win my vote for where I spend my money.
4	What a massive store in a sleepy little town near Madison, WI. Verona has a large farming community so there is no better place for this store than here. It also offers closer access for the people on the west side of Madison, Oregon, and Fitchburg than the Farm & Fleet on the East Side. IT'S GREAT. All the stuff you would expect to find at a farm & fleet for the well known low prices. My favorite part of the store? POWER TOOL SECTION! What man doesn't enjoy a good power tool? I have literally spent hours deciding what I would use a Band saw for... Disappointingly, not one need was thought of. For the most part everyone I dealt with here was pretty nice and willing to show you where something was. Everything very clean and put away and It is in a great location. Just on the way into Verona it is situated to your right (depending where you are coming from) and parking is nothing but extensive. I have had some issues with the automotive department over charging me a couple of times but other than that the store itself is nice and the other stuff was sorted out in a timely fashion.
5	This review is for the automotive center only.  The automotive center at Farm and Fleet is, at least to me, one of the best and most honest deals around.  I own an Audi.  German ingenuity and efficiency aside, Audi has made it nearly impossible for a regular person to change his own headlight.  The owners manual even tells you to go into the dealership for this and other minor repairs.  But I digress.After several failed attempts to find a reputable mechanic to perform this simple task for a fair price, I finally considered Farm and Fleet based on previous positive experiences.  The Audi dealer charged me over $80 to install the headlight once - a total ripoff.  Sears charged me $5 once but then decided that wasn't enough and charged me almost $50 the next time - no way.  Farm and Fleet charged me just over $20 for the bulb and the labor, which I think is a fair deal.  Based on this and my past experiences, I'll be happy to return to Farm and Fleet for this and other automotive concerns, and recommend them to anyone seeking honest, dependable service at fair, consistent prices.
3	Candy. That's probably one of the only reasons I go here. We get salt for winter, and candy for me. It takes about 15 minutes to choose a candy, 10 if you hum the Jeopardy theme song loud enough to annoy other customers. Good selection for everything, but stupid layout.
5	'Twas right before Christmas, 2012Snowing like crazy, blizzard from hellMy tiny snowblower tried as it couldThe poor little thing was the worst in the 'hoodCorner lot, crosswalk, fire hydrant tooThe yard is so big, but Mr T says, you foo'It'll take two days to clear it like thisSnowblower keeps stalling and jamming, boo hissI checked their website, they had one leftIt was a big one, much needed heftI ordered and paid and called in to get itClosing early, 20 minutes, forget itDug and dug and dug the car freeDidn't get there, woe is meRang again, GM takes the callSays don't you worry, I'll wait for y'allFinally I get there, he helps lift it upThe trunk is too small, I'm totally f---edA Santa-like twinkle blinks in his eye"I've got a truck, I can bring it, let's try"He drops it off, it works like charmSidewalk all clear, no fines, no harmThe service is awesome, the people are greatFarm & Fleet in Verona, there's nothing to hate
2	Subpar Auto center.  Double check details of purchase of tires and service quotes! Purchased 4 new tires with extended warranty.  2 months later,  3 tires developed leaks.  Was informed "this type of leak is not covered by our warranty." Quoted $195 for repairs showed up to pay and was charged 232.80. Just watch the details here and make sure you understand what you are getting/paying!
1	Terrible service & incredibly unprofessional. I would never bring my business here again.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS STORE.  They helped me out with 2 dog coats. Everyone that I spoke to was wonderful and extremely helpful. Kudos to management! I sure wish this store was closer....pls come to NY....
4	Had a very good "tire transaction" recently,highlighted by excellent customer service by Holly Lowry..Will return for any tire needs not to mention my free lifetime rotations.
