3	24 inch pizza! God dang! Well worth the price of 28.99 because it fed 5 people, but could have easily fed about 7! The pizza was good. I like my pizza crispy so I was disappointed when just the edges were crispy and the middle was soggy!! Boo. The sausages were quite tasty and I wanted to pick them off.. but I resisted the urge. :o/Make sure to try the zeppolis. A dessert that reminds me a bit of beignets.. What lacked in crispiness from my pizza went to these little bad boys. They came out crispy on the outside (should have been a bit softer) but soft on the inside. ASK FOR EXTRA RASPBERRY SAUCE FOR DIPPING. (Cherry, not so good. Caramel, eh.. Raspberry HELL YEAH!)Our server was super nice. I believe her name was Natasha. She made sure to keep a smile on her face and made sure that we were attended to.Overall, a nice experience. :o)
4	We were on a mission to find a new place to watch football, as much as we are fans of PT's, we love 'em we do, but you just get a lil tired of the same old Menu every Sunday and Monday. It's a place that you always see off of the 215 but you never realize how weird of a road it is to get there, at least we didn't til yesterday. She sits inside the O'Aces Bar and Grill on Post. The dining area is separate from the bar area so you won't go home smelling like smoke. We were there for MN and they had Bud & Bud Light for $1.50 also ordered garlic balls (if you ask me, that's a "interesting" name for food) and a pizza w/ sausage, onions and mushrooms. It was pretty doughy, but I like that, my husband-- not so much. He likes the crust to be crispy. Tastes just as good the next day, just warmed up some leftovers :) Service was good, restrooms were very clean, smells like perfume in there Lil. Here's the only thing that I was really a fan of, specially it being a bar that's supposed to have specials, don't get me wrong, they have them but... On the exterior of the restaurant, there's a sign that says "Happy Hour 4-7 1/2 off all appetizers and drinks" but when we get inside, I asked the waitress if there any specials and all she mentioned was the $1.50 Bedaubed Light and nothing about what was posted on the outside. I also noticed that a lot of their specials are very time specific. They had Bloody Marys for $2 but only on Saturdays and Sundays from 10am to 4pm.
3	Located within the O'Aces bar behind the hospital. We've been there once for sit-down and once for pick-up. The bar atmosphere is nice, but the restaurant area is way too big for their location and service staff. Waitress forgot some of our order and we didn't get our appetizers. However, for the price, its not too bad but nothing to write home about.
5	I have been to this location several times they never let me down the service is outstanding not just one particular waitstaff all of them that we have had between them and angelinas outstanding pizza (not to mention there philly yum yum )it is a great place to go to get great service and great quality food.we got delivery tonight to late to go anywhere and just as pleased to much food once again angelinas thanks we r stuffed..   Ps I left out the driver was so nice he even brought us paper plates ....
1	The only reason I order food fromHere is because I'm a regular at O'aces.  This restaurants management is THE biggest joke known to mankind. The only reason I gave it one star is because every once In a while they pull off a decent pizza.... and because I have to
1	Terrible experience! To sum up, bad service, they got order wrong, and food was cooked poorly, read on for details. Order on a Friday night at 6:56pm (actually hung up at 6:59pm). Lady on the phone was great in telling me about specials and prices. It was all downhill from there though.I was told it would be 20-25 minutes on the phone. I was out shopping with my family so it was perfecting timing. I arrived at exactly 25 minutes. I told them my name and paid for my order at 7:24 to the same person that took it on the phone (could tell by her accent), which at that time I was told it would be another 3-4 minutes. She then walks back into the restaurant area only to be seen once going to the table of what seemed to be the only people inside. 9 minutes goes by until another server walks over to answer the phone. When she gets off, I tell her I was told it would be 3-4 minutes and it's been 10. With a bit of attitude she tells me she will go check. She comes back out and says it will be another 5 minutes. I explain how its going past 35 minutes and was told it would be 20-25 on the phone. Her response with still a bit of attitude summed up was, well we're really busy and I am not the one that told you that. Now my family is waiting in the car so, I think the heck with this and demand my money back instead. She then says she has to go find my receipt. Now the original person that took my order then comes out with the order and starts to argue about how longs it's actually been, showing me she on said receipt she put in the order at 7:02, and that I paid for it at 7:24. And that when she told me 3-4 minutes she thought i was someone else who had an order for the same amount. I show her my phone which says 7:37. (Yes over 40 minutes after I originally called) They ask whether I still want my money back. I do but I'm sure my family is hungry, so I take the food and say I hope its great, cause the service (expletive) sucks. Hindsight is 20/20, I should have took the money. The pizza I ordered was undercooked, and the wings were overcooked, which I didn't even order wings, I ordered fingers.Now most of my anger about bad service could have been avoided, if I was not left waiting 9 minutes without anyone coming back to say it would be a bit longer, or wasn't getting attitude from other person i ask to see why its taking so long.
