5	Every once and a while life hands you small miracles. Today one was handed to me by way of a friend/fellow Cowboys fan. He invited me to catch the Sunday night game that featured our boys in blue. As a die-hard Cowboys fan living here in Vegas I am so ashamed that I did not know that there was a bar dedicated to my favorite team. Mr D's Sports-bar and Grill is a COWBOYS bar, my miracle and now my little piece of heaven here in Vegas during football season. I have never seen a place outside of Dallas that represents this well.Amidst the sea of blue and white jerseys are a wide-range of plasma screens and die hard fans that always come to party. 50 cent wings, dollar chicken fingers and a bucket of popcorn shrimp for $5 bucks! They have 5 dollar pitcher specials and buckets of beer galore. The best part of this wonderland are the free house shots after every Cowboys touchdown (God bless you Tony Romo and your 4 TD's tonight)!! Yeehaw!!  COWBOYS FANS UNITE and come on down to Mr. D's and show some pride!! Don't worry....even if you aren't a Dallas fan, they do have NFL Sunday ticket and you can cheer on any team you like...just make sure it isn't Philly or the Giants....you will be taunted like no other....especially by me!!
1	A friend invited me here to meet up w/ a some friends/swingers couples that he knows.  Upon entering the bar, I was quite unimpressed but I figured that I would make the best of it.The waitress behind the bar was wearing a flimsy negligee, and when one of the patrons asked if he could get some nuts, she exposed her panties and said "I don't have any nuts" and then she lifted up her shirt and said "I have these though"...I found the experience to be very trashy and tasteless.Behind us the swingers were in full action as one lady was getting a massage from the front and the back, another lady was playing darts while exposing a nipple, and I kept getting that creepy feeling that were were getting eye-balled as future swingers candidates.I guess if you're into sports this place might do, but I'm not into sports, swingers or trashy waitresses, so I'll pass!
5	This is what a bar is all about.  Come as you are.  I enjoyed every minute of it.  The people are down-to-Earth and very friendly.  Bathrooms were very clean and everyone was having a good time.  Live Music was playing and drinks were cheap.   If you're looking for a good time without all the glitz/glam and snooties...this is the place.
1	I went here ONE time and that will definitely be the last.  - Crowd- Bikers (40-60+) - Wet- Tshirt Contest of 40+ women, in kiddie tub, with old man pouring buckets of water on them - Hot and sticky - Over crowded (sweaty/smelly)Would not go back here again, not my scene at all, but for some it may make for perfect fit; so I am not hatin', just not for me!
5	Mr.D's bar is my go to spot for the football season because it is a Dallas Cowboys bar they have tons of specials like $5.00 pitchers and buckets also every cowboys touchdown its free shots and after the game its always a raffle for great prizes like bottles and jersey!
3	I'll be honest, I was a bit worried that I would get my ass kicked for coming into a Biker Bar but this place was alright by me. I walked in with a collared shirt on, designer jeans, and a nice hoodie and not one of the tough looking regular crowd looked twice at me.$5.50 pitchers of Bud Light and $5 for a plate of tasty clam strips made me one happy son of a bitch while I was waiting for my car stereo to be installed a few feet down the road. The waitress/bartender was really helpful and even learned our names which was a nice personal touch for such a rough atmosphere. I feel like if I was a biker I would definitely come down here more often as it is an interesting place with what I can only imagine would include some crazy stories.
4	If you are uptight and bitchy, don't come here! Go to a place that charges a cover and $12 for a well drink.  If you can relax and enjoy yourself without worrying if someone's LOOKING at you, this is a fun place to go to. Wed nights are biker nights. If you have a bike, then you know what to expect. I go on Tues nights, which is Hot Rod Tues brought to you by one of the main Mutts at Mutt & Jeff's Classics. The parking lot gets packed with classics, rat rods, and even some bikes. So what if the chick behind the bar wears her underwear to work??? What ever makes her the extra cash. And it's not like she's a beast! She's very nice. And don't complain about the owner being a skirt chaser. Take it as a compliment! You can say 'no thank you' and he'll be fine, and so will you, geez! Like I said, if  it's easy for you to get your panties in a bunch, don't go. Simple. Their food is delicious and on Tuesday nights, it's the best $1 tacos short of making your own at home, and even then I think you've got some competition!!! Full bar, sports on the flat screens, rockin juke box. Hey, ever since The Cooler Lounge closed, this is pretty darn close to the good times we had there!!! Everyone is super nice.
4	This my second maybe first favorite place to hang out. Why you ask second/first depends on the season.  I'm a hard core Raider fan this a cowboy bar.  But haven't had a bad experience yet.  Besides that love the food the club sandwich and philly are the best in vegas.  Bike nite is a must if you ride.  This place is not high end so... for you pendejos that want to pay high price for drinks this is not the place for you.  But if you want a great place to kick back with your friends, meet new ones and have a cheap pitcher of beer and have a good time come down no bike is necessary but if you have one bring it down. See you there on bike nite on Wednesday.  EvilRaider out.
5	It is what it is. Bike night wed. girl contest at 1000, not to be missed. car night tues. Good food. extremely talented staff. Good drink and better times. and BTW that old man is a friend of mine!  dont be a hater.Only bad things are the Cowboys and Cornhuskers that hangout there during football season ;)
5	Wednesday's is bike night.  And also wet t-shirt contests start at 10 if you're into that apalling nonsense.  Drink prices were good.  $11 for a bucket of Coors Lights.
4	Stumbled on Mr. Ds 'Sports bar' on a trip to Vegas over Labor Day weekend 2011. My original destination (Vamp'd) was closed and this was just down the road - and open - for a road weary traveler just off the plane from Philly. Upon entrance, three things hit me in the face - DDs (ha), smoke and darkness. I was suddenly back in 1995 at the corner tavern in NJ. Anyway, it was somehow refreshing (except the smoke) cause it was such an old school place with gaming machines, throw back furniture, etc. Yes, the waitresses are trashy chicks with pornstar boobs. It didn't bother me. Imagine that. Anything goes in this sorta place. They have a biker event (fortunately not that day) and I can imagine if the walls could talk they wouldn't shut up. Next to the big screen was a pool table occupied by middle aged guys drinking pitchers of beer and swearing up a storm. This was like 3pm in the afternoon. The menu read - Mr. D's famous for classic clubs. I love clubs and was so hungry I wanted something as soon as possible. The club was outstanding, piled high on a big platter. The service was a little slow but that was because the main bar area is reserved for gaming/drinking, you cannot occupy a seat without playing a machine. Since they want you sitting there forever, the service is going to be better in the main bar. All in all, I left full and satisfied. I actually ran into two ladies from NJ who had just sit down as I was leaving, both had relocated for sunny weather and happier times. Prices were a bit higher than I expected but justified with the amount of food I was given. Not sure I'd want to hang out to watch NFL football at Mr. D's, not much of a 'sports bar' IMO.
5	What happens at D's, stays at D's. That is all.But seriously, always a good time here. Could be called dive-y, it's dark wood walls and older decor remind me of decades gone by, but it's got some class. Expect a wide variety of people here, plenty of bikers, business men, young, old, etc. I've seen Elvis, DeNiro and Willy Nelson impersonators here, it's attracts them all. There's car night on Tues, bike night on Wed with your requisite wet t-shirt contest @ 10 pm (I did say dive-y) karaoke Thurs & Sun and live music - mostly classic rock, southern rock - on Friday night and this place pretty much covers it all - and sometimes uncovers it all, depending on the crowd.Beer buckets $12, drink and food specials going all the time, mostly up until 9, although they've been known to put up free hot dogs and burgers for the post midnight crowd. There's a small pool table, and I do mean small, tucked into the corner. The kind where you have to warn the people sitting nearby to watch your cue stick as you try to bank one off the side or risk losing an eye.They seem to change their karaoke dj's out often but they're always pretty good. Waitresses are all cool, even when the place is busy, you don't have to wait long for your refill. Overall a great place to hang out!
5	I love Mr. D'S **How can you complain, when you get to gamble, drink, play pool, listen to Rock N' Roll, and have fun with real bad*ss people.One of my favorite spots in Vegas!
5	I hav allways loved D's since the first day I walked in there. Working there was a special treat and great family experience. They know how to make everyone happy.thanks to all that work there now. Mikey
5	Excellent sports bar, good food, cold beer, priced right!
5	This is one of the best bars in town. Not many of the yuppie types here. Thank god.Great food, friendly staff and customers.Karaoke nights with James are a blast!
5	I have been coming to this bar consistently for 6+ years.  Before I had a motorcycle I came here with friends and now with my own Harley, you can find me here definitely on Wednesday nights for bike night and other times to meet friends and head off on some motorcycle adventure.The owner is always walking around and knows everyone.  The people are always friendly and cheap food and drinks.  On Wed ladies get drinks for $1 so why not make it out here and stare at some awesome looking motorcycles.  Also, on Tuesdays is the vintage car nights so if your into old cars and pinup this is the place to be.When it is cold out the owner has heaters on patio and a fire place outside, when its warm he has swamp coolers on the patio and misters.  This place is made for the average guy/gal and just a fun place to hang out and enjoy some beers.  On the weekends they always have local bands and karaoke also.
5	Mr D's is a local legend. Always a great crowd on weekends, stupidly hot bartenders in bikinis, great food (not to mention the LEGENDARY TACOS on Mon & Tues.) and a great place for unwinding after work any day of the week.
3	Mr D's definitely an older crowd!  Damn I may be the you youngster!  Clearly much different from the Vegas strip!  Great looking bartender!
4	Fun locals bar. Had good drinks and entertained by the crowd.  Came here when they had a bunch of old school cars out front and the owners didnt mind u checking out their cars.
4	We went here to enjoy the game as we are big Cowboys fans. It is a fun crowd and has great staff. There are game specials, but the menu is limited and the good is just okay. Free shots for every cowboys touchdown was a fun addition.
4	A little rough but a good time!
5	I'm going to piggy back off what another user said: Yes, this place is a dive, but a classy dive. As far as the cleanliness, this place is immaculate. Tables and chairs and floors are always spotless. And I've never seen cleaner bathrooms in a "dive" bar before. It really puts all other bathrooms to shame. Can't speak for the men's room though. Bartenders are quick, attentive, and not bad to look at! Plenty of seating in the bar and outside. You'll never be left look for a place to set your drink down. Always lots of events going on here: car shows, bike nights, live music, football, and last night the whole bar even watched Sons of Anarchy together. I adore this bar. It attracts people of all kinds and ages and everyone always has a really good time. Great place to go on any night of the week.
1	Food was ok, way too loud music and people, obnoxious drunk people  but the bartender was nice. However wont be back.
5	Great local gaming bar. Service is outstanding and the prices are some of the best in town. The bar is very clean and the beer is very cold....what else could I want?
5	We were looking for a place to watch bb games-great food. Lots of tv'a - friendly awesome staff! Icy cold beers in a tub! Had a great time- made us outsiders feel welcome, as it seemed like a neighborhood bar..... Left such an impression we went back a second time- everything was just as good the second time
5	Oh how nice to find a great locals bar.Seems intimidating because lots of bikers seem to go there but WOW not at all. Bartenders are awesome! Always checking in to see if not only you are ok but anyone around you.. I was quite surprised how friendly everyone was. The female staff dresses a little provocative but they are just lovely and fun. Great Place!!!!
5	Such a cool place, everyone is really nice and the bartenders are super fun! They have a lot of events!! Would totally recommend if people are looking for a local bar!
1	Went there to watch Sons of Anarchy, horrible service, cold food, couldn't hear the show.  IDK if they were not ready for the amount of people that were there or just plain didn't care about anyone but the people drinking on the porch, but the service was horrible.  i finally had to walk up to the bar and order my own stuff from the bartender just to get some food.  i think the waitress forgot we were there and when our food finally came it was cold and greasy.  Maybe you have to be wearing leather to get a decent server...
1	I went there on a Sunday to watch football. My buddy is a Cowboy fan and I was told this was a cool spot. Walked in and it was dead quite. Not like any sports bar. We ordered two bloody Mary's. Once we got them we each took a sip and hated them. When the waitress came back we asked if we could return them and exchange them for some beers instead. She grabbed my Bloody Mary and took a sip out of it, looked at me and said "it taste fine to me"'. She walked away and came back and said we could not return the Bloody Mary's and had to pay for them. Even after she took a sip out of it!! Wow! On top of that we were forced to buy an additional item because there is a $10 minimum for credit card purchases! Insane! We paid and walked out.  Never again. I guess they do just cater to a certain kind of clientele and it seems that's all they want. Looking back we would have just walked out but she had my buddy's card so it felt like we were forced to pay. What place makes you pay for something you don't like? Especially since we both only took a small sip and the waitress took a sip out if my drink to taste it!!! Wow! This place is really a dump. That might explain why there was a total of 10 ppl in there. Maybe bike night is the only thing keeping them afloat. Who knows.
