5	This place is great.  I was at Vegas and was coincidentally looking for some new shoes.  I had to make a trip to Undefeated cause I would be an idiot not to.  The place is small but don't let that fool you, they got hella shoes.  All super-sick.  When me and my boys walked in there, it was just us, the staff, and Kanye West with his group.  I looked over the many shoes, picked out the ones I wanted, and left very happy.  Come to this great boutique and you won't regret it.
5	We haven't had something like this in Vegas for a while. My boyfriend is beside himself and when we walked up for the opening to a line that people had been waiting in line all night for we were scared. This is the place in town for the newest shoes, They have a really good account with Nike so they get all the new things that other larger stores sometimes don't get. Be prepared to wait in line if there is something being released that day!!
5	Having been a long time fan...It was my 1st time setting foot in an actual UNDFTD.  Located in an unassuming strip mall right across the street from the Hard Rock...This place is tres kool (unlike the sweltering triple-digit heat outside the store).  Black paint coats the walls with a larger-than-life mural of James Worthy on one side.  At the back of the store glows a mesmerizing UNDFTD strike logo.The store carries a ton of shoes and clothing brands like Rogue Status in addition to their own label.  Nice overall selection.  The crew that runs the store are all super nice...Chris helped indulge the tourist in me and even assumed the role of photographer.An embroidered UNDFTD tee and a limited-edition Play Dirty hat helped me mark this momentous visit...Don't worry though...I'll be back 4 more...mos def!
5	undftd lv has got to be one of their better store. i usually hit up the la stores but this one had had more of their private brand available in my size. the selection of kicks is nothing less then excellent.
5	walter and i were in vegas just late last month with family and friends. one of our friends, jeremy, asked us to drop him off here at this spot so he could do a bit of shopping.  he said that he loves this store and that they don't have a location in seattle. so, his only chance to shop here was when he was either in LA or LV. so, gladly, we took him on his mission. he LOVES this store!! they're right next to the hard rock. they have a cute lil store in a mini mall type plaza. this store sells all kinds of interesting, hard to find, super rare, collectible shoes and apparel. of course, J bought a gang of stuff, everything from shoes to hats to t's and a full zip hoodie. talk about droppin' some major cheese. i love lookin' at these rare finds but i know that a store like this just isn't for me. i'd rock 'em if i could but really, i don't wear shoes in men's sizes. it's unfortunate. i know. lol. but i swear, if i'm ever in need of a pair of some rare find kinda kicks. i know where to go!! their selection is crazy. i loved it.
5	Moving to Vegas I didn't know what to expect, but once I knew there was an undefeated and less than 5 miles away from me, life couldn't get any better adjusting to a new city! The staff literally makes you feel at home, great selection, great sales, highly recommend, can't wait for stussy to open right next door. Vegas is only going to get better!
5	This store is way much bigger than the one in Los Angeles. Although it is bigger, they have the same variety in selections. But what I love with this store is that it has tall doors! Hahaha...kinda cool, actually, because it gives a mysterious vibe. Maybe that's just me.
4	ok well i just ended the streak. only 4 out of 5 stars for me. undefeated was a destination my cousin really wanted to go to because he just turned 21, is a shoe guy, and like undefeated. im a little older, likes shoes as well and like the brand to. it looks a lot bigger in pictures, but the size didn't bother me. they had a lot of shoes for sure, but nothing that was to rare or exciting that made me feel like buying to lug home or was astonished to see. the clothes the had for sale were really limited. i like most of their designs for the basic approach they usually have but nothing was really there to catch my eye. sadly i left without buying anything. the staff was pretty attentive, not constantly bothering you, and helping when it looks like you had questions. i was just hoping more for a undefeated feel with the store (more sport themed) and had a wider selection on their clothing. good place, will visit again, although not somewhere i have to visit when i go to lv.
4	This place is cool and I can see the appeal of it. There aren't any other places in LV that have this sort of stuff. I wanted to buy stuff for some friends but they didn't have much of a variety on shirts that I thought they would like and didn't want to get them both the same design. My cousin ended up buying the shirt I wanted to get for one of 'em so I couldn't get it either. I wish it was girl friendly though I wouldn't have mind to have a shirt from there as well. Oh well, I guess the guys can have a store all to themselves I guess. I feel like it's way too cool to be in a strip mall though.
4	UNDFTD is right across from the Hard Rock Hotel on Paradise Road. You might think that a place that sells such high-end gear / kicks would be in a fancy building, but this sneakerhead's dream is in a strip mall.  However, this place delivers to the fullest.  All the latest and greatest is here.  Whatever your kick fetish might be, they got it and then some. The staff is super cool and there are true kicks conosseuirs. There were at least 3 pairs that I definitely wanted to buy on the spot. After 45 min., I finally got out of there with just a pair of Visvim's and ran to my car and didn't look back!  So bittersweet.
4	Finally was able to go to this spot recently. Good selection of kicks. Atmosphere was koo. The huge poster wall was sick.Loved the Vegas style logo sign.Located behind Hard Rock, in a plaza next to Stussy.
5	Undefeated is one of the first shops I visit when I fly down to Las Vegas. Nice selection of clothing, they usually have everything on stock (minus a few hot items, like limited print gear/hats). Their sneakers are somewhat typical of most other stores, but I've always found something new on each visit. I bought a pair of New Balance 670's (red and black colorway) last year, and have only seen them in a few select stores since then (none of which had my size).Visitors to the store will likely encounter Chris Julian, who runs both UNDFTD LV and Fruition (which is a short drive away). The staff there are good people, and are always down to chat about gear or whatever. LV locals should be proud to have such a dope streetwear shop in their neighborhood.
4	Good selection of kicks, fitteds, and accessories. Pat, a worker over there, is a down to earth dude always willing to help answer questions or find a size. Big ups to the undftd crew.
4	Must support this shop and stop by whenever i get in town.  Very dope selection with a lot of hype kicks and gear.  I appreciate the staff for being chill and not bothering  when trying to browse.  Get some kicks and   rock'em right,
5	This is maybe the best Undefeated that I have ever been to. The place has a vast selection of kicks that are hard to find and some that are exclusive from the other locations. I visit this place every time I make day road trip to sin city and glad to see  how the staff are chill compare to other sneaker shop. Love this place and there's also Stussy next door, but it is funny how its located in a strip mall.
5	If you are looking for a funky pair of sneakers, this is the place to go. They have an awesome selection!!!  I will definitely be back.
5	Always a must-stop-by for me and the crew. One of the best selection for shoes around and their clothing is one of a kind. The better Undefeated I've been to. The staff is nice and friendly and they'll talk to you like a normal person.
4	I find the location of this one kinda odd. It's literally across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel, but in the middle of some subpar strip mall. I thought it would be in the middle of some trendy-urban-hipster plaza (think Blends in Costa Mesa, True in SF, or even the other Undefeated along La Brea), but no. If it matters, the Stussy store is next door. The inside also looks like its one of those stores that temporarily moved into that space because they're remodeling their old location or something. Would be nice if Undefeated was next to the Stussy store along Haight in SF, but True is already there lol. Anyway, the store has what I expected. Jordans, limited Nikes, SBs, Vans, etc. Notable shoes I saw when I went a few weeks back were Penny 2s, the Jordan 3/20 CDP (a little above retail for some reason), the slew of Jordan 1's that Nike has been crapping out, and the eggplant foamposites. Yeah for some reason, I saw some shoes were a little over retail, so watch out for that. The workers at the time that I visited were chill, greeting me as soon as I walked in. Unless you go to Proper in Long Beach, Atlas in San Mateo, or The Attic in Buena Park, the workers at these high end sneaker shops are usually too cool for you. Maybe they were nice enough because no one was inside haha, but my experience with service was good. So if you wanna score some sweet sneakers and pay less tax than you would in California, or if you wanna spend your gambling money/winnings on a new pair of dunks, look no further. I'm sure there are hypebeasts out in Vegas too so don't bank on having all the shoes you've been looking for here in your size.
5	You look like this or know someone who looks like this?http://www.flickr.com/photos/mchasesteely/2077657056/You know what the Air Yeezy's are?You know when the Pacquiao trainers dropped?You wear a New Era fitted cap with the sticker still on it?You wear plaid shirts and teenagers tell you they like how you dress?Then come to Undefeated, this is the spot for you.  Even if you're like me and you didn't answer yes to any of the questions above, you will probably find some nice gear here.  I mean they even have re-useable enviroment friendly bags that they give you for your purchase.I met someone standing in line.  Yeah there was a line to get in the day I came.  She was there to buy a case for her iPhone.  So they sell more than those hard to find kicks, clothes and hats.BTW .. it's off the strip right across from Hard Rock Hotel next to a Johnny Rockets.
2	hmm undefeated is weakkk in vegas. Selection is average. I think Suite 160 in mandalay bay has a better line up.  Air yezzy , ato matsumo's, AJ fusion's, nike LDV,  ive got them so im looking for exclusivity.
4	Undefeated store in Vegas is dope...many shoe selections. They got fresh gear...when you purchase something ask for stickers
4	I like the ones in LA better but probably from nostalgia and the locations are close to other things I love so I can be a serial shopping/eating/drinking offender all on one street. Still, Im glad this is here though out of the way as I dont really go to Hard Rock or that area often. Surprised this isnt on the strip. I'm a girly girl, but I am a Vans classics fan and happy to see this here- the Vans stores and outlet just doesnt have what I'm looking for. Oh and when stuff goes on sale here it's an awesome markdown and usually really small (good for ladies!!!) or really really big sizes are left.
4	UNDEFEATED!!! Its right down the street from my house! For all you sneaker heads, this would be the place to hit up while your in Vegas... Workers: Very friendly, your typical guys that would work at an underground sneaker store.Gear: They got a wide selection of shoes but you can also find some at your local shoe store as well for a bit cheaper price. T-Shirts are a bit pricey but they its an underground store so they gotta bump up the price to make up for it.Location: Very close to the airport and not far from the strip. Right across of the Hard Rock Hotel so you cant miss it! ITS RIGHT NEXT TO STUSSY!!!Big ups to UNDEFEATED for holding it down!
4	dope spot for kicks. nice selection and customer service. i saw lupe fiasco there last time i went.
5	Looking to step up your sneaker game? Satisfy that sneaker fetish of yours? Look no further than UNDFTD. Limited Edition drops on top of a nice selection of men's sneakers. Okay so you felt a lil selfish and want your GF or the little man/woman in your life to match the pair of Jordans you just bought for yourself? They have probably have them too!They also carry a handful their own brand of UNDFTD clothing, hats, caps and accessories along the opposite side of their sneakers. Nice, clean layout. Conveniently located next to Stussy.Dope music? Check. Unpretentious workers? Check. Pretentious customers? Check. Come outta the store a little more broke? Check.
1	small shop.  thought there would be more shit... but their isn't.  needs more.ps: idk, maybe it's because me and the husband are the young hip parents that we are [ha!] and that our kids [which are tweens] are as tall as us and look like our friends sometimes, but  we were school shopping with 2 other kids looking to spend some dough in this store and not one person came to say what's up to us which says a lot.  you don't have to hustle me like some other shoe stores that bust car salesman shit on you,  but a simple "hello, welcome to the shop..."  goes a long way.  but,  my first impression:  baaaaad customer service yo.  appreciate your patrons.. no matter how young they look.
4	would've got 5 stars. this place is off the hook. they got fresh kicks that a sneaker head can die for. i fell in love with this place. i was like a baby in a candy store. i couldn't decide which one to pick. the service wasn't bad at all he didn't mind that i tried on 3 shoes before picking up the P-Rod's. he let us take pics of the place and the sneakers. he chatted up with me while he rung me up. cool dude. its an overall a great place. the only thing that's bad is they ran out of sizes fast, especially the common ones. i didn't have the size for the 2 shoes that i tried out.
4	Need some new kicks? No, not the kind you can find at your local Payless or the Nike Outlet. Something old school, something unique... UNDFTD is the place to be. You go in there and it's so hip you feel like a dance battle could breakout at any moment. Without a doubt this is a fun place so shop and truly a diamond in the ruff.
2	Disappointed. As a sneakerhead I was expecting more heat. All I saw was general releases-no size 14, smh. No urban account or Tier 0 stuff?! Small and disappointing. Love the branding and logo, I own several new era fitteds. If you are looking for serious heat, NOT the place.
3	I'm beginning to think that Undefeated is more show than substance.  They have some cute brands and some decent retros, but you can tell that their inventory is very limited.The store has a boutique feel so don't expect racks and racks of gear.  Don't expect to find strapped Blazer Lows either.You'll find whatever retro AJ's came out that year, but you won't find hard to find pieces.If you're serious about AJ's, then the only place to shop is Flight Club.Prove me wrong...
4	The selection is kind of hit or miss. Tons of shoes but kicks are all by personal taste. We dropped in when we were staying at HRH and Pat showed us their newest shipment. Boyfriend scored some blue and grey SB's that he's deemed his new favorites.Really great service. Stop in and say what up to Pat. He even pointed us in the right direction of laid back stuff to do away from the overhyped club scene in Vegas.
3	Small store. Not my style.  I came here with a few friends who were visiting from Seattle. They love this kind of stuff. I guess I can see the appeal but I didn't find anything that I liked here. From the moment that we walked in, I was NOT impressed. They sell out of most things pretty quickly. Prices have gone up considerably since my first visit here. THe greeting and warm welcome are lacking. The service isn't too bad but it's not close to great either. Their shoes aren't available in too many sizes. I am not real fond of this spot but I did like some of the art work that I saw in here. They had lots of things that I knew my hubby would like but not so much for me. I like some of their jackets and things, but again, not in the sizes that I needed.
5	Big Corey & Pat  hold it down at this Undftd store in Las Vegas. Good people. I always try to stop by & catch up with them whenever I'm in town. Located next to Stussy LV and across the street from Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.They have a decent amount of shoes. Jordans, Nike SBs, Vans, Adidas and your typical limited collabos Undefeated is famous for. Good sized section of shoes on sale. Definitely more than the other 3 Undftd stores in the Los Angeles area. In fact i found a pair of houndstooth Vans Sk8-Hi's here after giving up on finding them in LA. It had been months after it was sold out and I copped them at the Vegas location on sale for $65. Come up!I was so stoked to find those shoes there I called my friends at the Undftd Silver Lake store from the parking lot to tell them what I found. They were pleasantly surprised cause it had been sold out for a while and they never got my size to begin with.They've got some apparel, hats and accessories too. Shirts are legit. Always clean 5 Strikes style.Check em out... Tell the boys I sent you. I'll be back to Vegas soon...
4	All i gotta say is that folks here are 10x friendlier than the UNDFTD LA (La Brea) workers.  It's hard to find a street wear brand/store that practices Bourgeoisie customer service.
4	This is Undefeated. Vegas style! If you have been to an Undefeated chapter store in Los Angeles, this store is pretty similar. I think it looks exactly like the Silverlake shop. The layout is very simple. Left side is kicks, right side is apparel.Shoe-wise, they have the typical Nike-Jordan Urban account, but occasionally they will have some limited stuff that will sell out quick. Adidas, Puma, Reebok, and other brands are also sold here. It is slightly better than the Nike Store in Caesar's Palace, in terms of classic Nike sneakers. The selection isn't the best, but they have all of the current Urban account styles. Their collaborations and store goods are the main draw. A lot of casual customers get their sweaters, tees, and hats with their store logo. I saw their nice BAPE collaboration, but the items ran over $80 for shirts and hats. Typical BAPE-overcharging. They have a lot of sneaker accessories, such as cleaning items, laces with lace locks, and even a Mag-lite in case you want to club someone to death for stealing your sneakers.The people who work here are nice, but I expect that out of all of the chapter stores. They run things quite differently at Undefeated. It is good for a non-intimidating experience.
4	Awesome shoe selection!!
4	It's always the same crew that works. They're quite a friendly bunch, but this boutique tailors to street wear for men specifically. I come here once in a while to find gifts for my street wear loving friends. I love some of the items they feature like their shoes, and their apparel, but it's too bad they don't offer them for women. Their tees usually sell for about $28, and they have a wide collection of shoes like Vans, Nikes, Jordans, Air Max, New Balance, Creative Rec, and such...Bummer when I came in though because their credit card machine didn't work and could only take cash so I had to make a run for it to pull out money from an ATM. Thankfully they were nice enough to stay open a little later for you. The place has a nice interior and clean appeal to it. So if gentlemen, if you're looking for some special pieces made by Undefeated. I'd suggest you stop by.
4	Love their logo.Win some money at the Hard Rock Hotel next door, then head over here to stock up on shoes and their own shirts / sweaters.Shirts are $30 - i still like their simple logo. Some even has a Vegas theme.
4	This store is located right next to the Hard Rock Hotel in a shopping center with a variety of restaurants and shops.  When I walked in, it was definitely not what I was expecting.  Instead of a "regular" store, it has more of a boutique vibe going on.  Shoes line the wall on one side and t-shirts on the other.  The center contains nothing but a long modern looking bench for trying on shoes.  It definitely feels like a place you would find in L.A.  The shoe brands range from specialty to Vans, Toms, Converse, etc.  My favorites were definitely the Disney Vans that come in both kid and adult sizes!  So neat!
3	always awkward walking in but staff are actually pretty friendly and helpful. They don't really have a lot of merchandise but I dig the simplicity. Shoes on the left and clothing on the right. They sometimes get limited edition shoes for you sneaker heads out there. It's a nice shop but just not enough merchandise.
4	Great, helpful staff! Lots of shoes, shirts and accessories to choose from.Just an FYI they only carry a couple in stock of each size & they're smaller sizes are usually displayed.Overall great brand / store!
