5	we went for our second ultrasound at this location today and had a great time. Very professional, clean and knowledgeable. She really took the time to help us see our baby girl clearly!
1	When I called to make my 30 week ultrasound appointment over the phone with Jill, I only had 1 main question. I asked:1. We do NOT want to know the gender; is that a problem? She assured me that it would not be an issue. I excitedly booked the appointment, immediately wrote down the time & cost on my calendar, and was really looking forward to sharing our ONLY ultrasound experience of the pregnancy with our families. When we first got to the appointment with all our family members, I went to the counter to pay and reminded Jill we did not want her to reveal the gender. Suddenly she said I had to pay MORE than what she told me over the phone. I asked why and she immediately became defensive saying that *I* misunderstood, that *I* was not remembering correctly, and that she has to "be fair and charge everyone the same price because of the threat of any deals being leaked on social media". UMM, WHAT!??! I understand not being able to hand out deals, but I was NOT asking for a deal - I was simply asking why I wasn't being charged the price SHE told me over the phone when I made the appointment. Her excuse was that repeat customers during the same pregnancy get a discount - Well, that's fine but I NEVER gave the impression that I had already had an earlier ultrasound with her during this pregnancy. I told her multiple times this is the only ultrasound we would be having for the entire pregnancy! She even admitted to documenting the lower price on my information sheet (and showed me where she wrote it), but refused to give me that price (!!!).I was so upset that she kept blaming me for her mistake and that she continued to argue about it. Once I put my money back in my wallet and told my husband I was ready to leave, her tune changed and she finally said she would honor the price she told me over the phone. Feeling bad that family had traveled out of town for the event, I agreed and we went through with the ultrasound. I honestly wish that I hadn't. I was almost in tears with how she unprofessionally handled the situation and how she immediately accused me of being a liar that it completely ruined the special experience for me.I had been here 2 years earlier for my first pregnancy and had a good experience then, but based on how I was rudely treated yesterday, I will never again refer anyone to Jill at Stork Vision in Chandler. If you want to be treated with respect, support someone else's business.
5	We just experienced one of the happiest mornings of our lives at Stork Vision this morning.Jill met with us bright and early so that we could get a peek of our baby for the first time.  Having never been pregnant before, it was helpful to have an ultrasound performed by someone as knowledgeable and experienced as Jill.  She was very informative and was able to get some incredibly clear pictures of our baby as well as a definitive gender determination, even at 16 weeks! The office is very inviting and clean.  If you are pregnant, you absolutely must get a 3D ultrasound!  It was some of the best $85 we have ever spent!Thank you so much!  We'll be back at 30 weeks!
5	Absolutely loved Jill. She is so welcoming and friendly. The whole experience was amazing. My husband and I went in for the early sneak peak gender reveal. Jill made the whole experience so special and we will definitely be back when I am around 30 weeks to see our precious baby again!
5	I loved loved stork vision! I had went at 16 weeks pregnant to another location in Phoenix due to prices, and I was so disappointed, she didn't talk to us and just clicked away. So I was skeptical about coming here, first off Jill is so knowledgable and seems just as excited as you and your family members are. It's a super cute boutique, and when I got there I paid her (Tuesdays she has a special 135 instead of 175, so worth it) and filled out a quick paperwork and then she brought me and my boyfriend and our family into the room. The bed I layed on was super comfortable and there was a sofa and chairs to fit my family. She talked to the baby and called her by her name and explained everything my baby was doing and also explained how I wasn't drinking enough water and showed me the amniotic fluid. I thought I was drinking a lot of water but apparently not, so drink on average 3 bottles more then you think is enough it's actually really important for the baby! The pictures came out good and I loved the video we got of the whole session. Would definitely recommend to anyone! So worth the money!
5	I just came from Jill and she was definitely worth the visit! She made us feel really comfortable as soon as my husband and I walked in all the way until we left. What I liked about her is that she didn't just do the ultrasound and say what we were having in a boring way. (we got the gender reveal sneak peak) She made the experience memorable ! She was really engaged in us and let us see the baby from all angles. She didn't rush the moment or anything. She definitely knows what she's doing and if you're considering her I would say GO FOR IT! She's very reasonably priced (in my opinion) and good at what she does. She gives you a bunch of pictures, a CD that has all the pictures on them as well, a few flyers and a book with a lot of mommy/daddy information on them. Def go to her!
