4	By far, best wings we've had.  Used to be a fan of one of competitors, no longer.  Once this place opened, we got hooked.  Great variety of sauces, my fav is Crazy, friend's is Cajun.  I like my wings crispy and that's how they're done.Each night of during the week, they have specials.  The one I remember best is on Tuesday cuz it's 49 cent wing night.  Yeah!The quesadillas are good too.  If I remember right they come in two sizes and three or four varieties.    Have tried a couple of sides, cajun curly fries with side of melted cheese for dipping and their onion rings.  They have something call Sloppy Fries, loaded with all kinds of stuff, which looks and sounds like a meal in itself.  Haven't tried yet, but whenever we see them come out, boy they look and smell good.Owners are really nice too.  They're always walking around and checking in on patrons to make sure everything is ok.  Very friendly folks.  There are several TVs mounted so you can catch the games, throw back a few brews and munch away.Hope you enjoy!
4	First time ordering from here and the wings were awesome! However, my husband wanted them extra wet, but we won't be doing that next time. I think more of the flavoring will be greatly appreciated if it is not extra wet because the sauce was liquid texture and more oily. But overall, it was good and I would definitely go back again. The lady that took my order was friendly and greeted me by my name when I walked in the door (it was a slow day).
3	We went a while back...just now posting.Had a couple of sandwiches and beers. They were ok, nothing impressive. It's not a big place, and the atmosphere wasn't anything that impressed either of us.However, we will be going back. It's not too far from the house, and we found out that they show UFC events...without a cover charge. I was also told to stick to the wings by someone else that lives in the area...will follow up with a return visit.
4	This is a great local bar / restaurant!  The wings are amazing (larger than any competition, crispy, with better sauce), and I also am a big fan of their Gyros.  The owners are awesome, always checking in to see how things are, and the bartenders are great.It doesn't take long for the bartenders to know you and know what you like, and without making it a 'habit', you still feel like a regular.  Talk to Bob or Robin or any of the bartenders and they're more than happy to chat while pouring your favorite drink.It's a place that feels comfy, and I always leave happy.  Of course I'll go back!
4	We heard that this bar shows UFC events without a cover charge...they just request that you spend $15 per person. Not a problem for me. With a deal like this, we went back.Anyhoo, this time, we stuck to wings, appetizers, and beer. I have to say that I'm now a fan of their wings. We got BBQ, Garlic Parmesean, and the classic Buffalo flavors. The wings are definitely the biggest I've seen, and the flavors are awesome!They have also made a few upgrades to the decor inside...a lot more attractive. We will be back!
3	Been here about 2-3 times and finally thought it was time to write a review. I am a really big fan of the wings at the place because they come drenched in a sauce of your choosing. Some people are not a fan because of this, but I think the wings pack a lot of flavor and not bland like most other places. On Tuesdays, they offer a special for $.49 a wing and you can definitely get full of $5-8 worth of wings. I also really really like the Gyro Quesadilla. Other than that, the food is pretty average. Standard burgers, salads and "bar" type food. Be aware that their dishes are served with their own homemade chips and not french fries. They're really good, but I would prefer to have fries.
3	First time there, and thought it was an average experience.  I met a group of girlfriends for a our girls nite out and had a good time.  I gotta admit, the wings were good, but the service wasn't.  My friend had a chicken salad and had maybe 3 little slices of chicken on a bed of chopped iceburg lettuce mix.  What intrigued me was that a people started to pour in for the poker tables.  Not sure what the cover charge was for that but would would like to learn for the fun of it.Overall rating is A-OK, casual restaurant.
1	We made a stop here after seeing "Shutter Island".  Great movie, not a great experience here.  When we walked in and sat at a table in the bar we were promptly greeted by the bartender and placed our order.  She returned quickly with our pitcher of beer ($8.00).  The music was playing and the atmosphere was nice.  Not to loud to talk and sports on the big screen.  I figured this might be a nice place to hang out.  Well, it went down hill from there.  My lovely wife decided that we should split a sampler platter so we did.  Our food came out within about 10 minutes.  The "platter" was a small basket containing the following: 3 onion rings, 3 mozzarella sticks, 3 potato skins and 3 stuffed peppers.  The quality was on the order of the freezer section at frys......    The price on this was $11.99!   Now, I could be a little more understanding if it was $5.99.....So....   We ate and worked on drinking our pitcher as it started to rain.  I then made a visit to the bathroom which was filthy and without paper towels.   I returned to my seat in the bar and watched the platinum blond, that appears to be known by most of the customers, as she tried to find someone that might be willing to take her home for the night.  I guess my opinion would be that this place is not worth a return visit.  I am certain that we can find a better place to spend our money in the future!
1	I feel obligated to write this review because this was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had.My sister, mom, grandmother and I went out to have an afternoon drink on our day off.  It all started off fine.  The margarita's came and my sister and I had to send ours back because they were made incorrectly (with salt, on the rocks instead of frozen).  They were tasty so we decided to have one more.  After having to GET UP to find the waitress (we were the ONLY patrons in the dining area) she brought our second round, only one mistake this time, and my salad.  I had to find the waitress AGAIN to ask for our check.  When I checked it out I found that they had added .50 for the dressing.  I know this sounds dumb, but who the hell charges for dressing for a SALAD???  Come on guys, if your that broke just shut your doors.When I went to hand her the check (Yes, I had to find her again) I complained about the charge.  Amazingly enough she brought the bill back out, but without the credit card that I had put in it.  I asked her where it was and she didn't know.  We looked around for a couple of minutes and still couldn't find it.  After my sister said aloud that she was going to call the company and report it lost did the cook walk PAST our table to miraculously find the card on the floor.  We all thought it was pretty amazing that it ended up in the booth beyond ours since I had taken up front myself.  Horrible experience, not worth the time or money.  I expect this place to close fairly soon.  Hopefully someplace worthwhile will open in it's location since it is close to my house and hence convenient.
1	This was not the location I visited yet I can't seem to find the NEW and "IMPROVED" Buffalo Wings and Rings on Yelp.  The location I stupidly decided to go to last night was the one attached to the Fiesta Mall in Mesa.  It's new.  And it's fucking gross. On our way home from work I told the boyfriend we should check out somewhere new for happy hour simply because I needed a new Yelp review to write.  He was reluctant to try this shit hole, pressuring me to simply enjoy a few beers at Casey Moore's instead of wanting something "new.""But I need to yelp."Walking into Buffalo Wings and Rings is sad and disappointing and you already know it's going to suck.  There was no one in the place and the decor consists of sports jersey's thumb tacked to a wall and three or four dated flat screen TV's showing a bunch of bullshit no one is watching.  'Cause no one is there. We're greeted by a faux punk rock chick with a horrible fire engine red dye job which was unflattering for that A-Line haircut she paid too much for at Tony and Guy.  She was obviously new to the whole "serving" thing which is probably why she was working on a Wednesday night when everyone was watching the premier of American Idol.  We asked if we could sit outside as the inside was dreary and unwelcoming, like my Grandpa's house on Christmas. Buffalo Wings and Rings has the ugliest and most uncomfortable plastic, grade school-esque chairs I've ever seen.  The tables are also ugly, plastic, wobbly and adorned with tree droppings and uncleaned ashtrays.  The boyfriend gives me an "I told you so" look as we move around trying to find a clean table and one in which we're not getting hit with hot air by some weird, loud buzzing fan.  We finally settle at a sticky table with an uncleaned, smelly ashtray. I ask Faux Punk Server about their specials; 2.50 domestic pints, nothing good on draft, no food specials, no well specials.  I order a Michelob Ultra as I have little other choice.  We wait too long.  Faux Punk Server comes back, "Oh, keg is empty, have to refill, can you wait?"  We wait longer, we get our beers.  We look at the shitty, over priced Buffalo Wild Wings rip off of a menu.  I hate the whole "pick your flavor, then pick your heat" thing they do at some wing places.  It seems odd and, um, retarded.  I order five sweet and sour with the "atomic" sauce, the boyfriend get original buffalo "extra hot."I feel it necessary to mention that when we got our wings they all tasted exactly the same.  A thin layer of Frank's Red Hot on gross, old, frozen wings served in plastic bowls.  At one point I spit a piece out because it tasted like ground beef.  We also had the pleasure of their "signature item," Sloppy Fries.  These were frozen french fries served, again, in a giant plastic bowl covered with canned chili and fake nacho cheese.  It literally looked like a bowl of vomit.  Like, someone ate a bunch of McDonald's hamburgers and fries and then threw it up in a bowl and set it down on the table for us.  We ended up having this wrapped up so I could give it to my dog.  He liked it a lot.  But as the boyfriend later pointed out, "he also licks his asshole a lot."  Ironically, Faux Punk Server said as she sat them down, "these look SO good."As it turned out, nothing here was good or redeeming.  Even the server, though she tried her best, fumbled over her words, nervously took our plates and couldn't make eye contact.  The entire place reeked of low-ball, less than nothing American shit food and the emptiness of the dining area soon become the emptiness of my FUCKING SOUL as I dished out thirty bucks to spit shit out and bitch for an hour. As we left the place I told the boyfriend he was right, we should have just gone to Casey Moore's and not given into my now costly desire to try something new for a stupid Yelp review.  I love you, Yelp, but this time your existence has failed me.
