4	pesto cavatappi w/ parmigiana chicken... and a ciabbata roll on the side... with butter... and a smile...this dish is so damn good i wanted to reach across the counter and slap the hell out of the cashier as a thank you for recommending that i top off my pasta with chicken parmigiana.  the pasta was good but with the chicken... damn.  and since in italy bread is considered an eating utensil i ordered a ciabatta roll on the side.  my name is jeff and i'm addicted to pasta...
4	Their portions here seem to be more generous than other Noodles and Company Locations.  I had a regular sized Japanese pan noodles and barely touched it and was full.  Food was good, and restaurant was clean.
2	Noodles & Company...universally loved, almost.  I say almost because there seems to be an attitude among foodies that this chain sucks.  I, personally, don't think it sucks, but it could be a lot better.The main problem with this location is the size of the restaurant itself.  It would probably get three stars from me if not for this problem. There is simply not enough seating to accommodate the amount of people who want to eat here on weekends.  I'm not a fan of waiting for tables unless the restaurant is REALLY good, so I've just walked out a few times before placing my order.  When I do stick around, usually I feel really crowded due to the close proximity of the tables.There are also lots of little kids, who may or may not leave you teetering precariously on the brink of utter madness.  It's probably better to go during the work-week.The food is reasonably tasty and quickly served, but inconsistent.  The noodles are always cooked perfectly but sometimes the sauces come out too watery.  The ability to add meat (or tofu) to any dish is helpful, since some of the dishes are pretty bland otherwise.  My favorite recently has been the penne rosa, which has just the right amount of kick.  However, for a place devoted to pastas, and considering the rather high prices, I expect to be more impressed.You probably already know if you like Noodles & Company or not. If you aren't familiar with this chain and are thinking of trying it out, I would not recommend this location; there are quite a few others in the Madison area which are less crowded.  For a quick bite, Noodles is pretty good, but you can do better.
1	I was so bummed after eating here. I ordered the penne rosa with parmesan crusted chicken ( I normally order this at the monona one which always seems to be awesome!) and this really sucked.  No flavor, no parmesan even though I asked for parmesan, it was dry and barely edible.  Such a sad dish! Avoid this one if you can.
5	We have never had a bad meal here and their prices are spot on.  Affordable too.  The restaurant is a little bit small but nice.  Pretty view off to the east when the fountains are on.Try the Pad Thai with steak, Pesto Cavatappi with chicken, Pasta Fresca, orThai Curry soup.  All very very good.  Oh!   And their Caesar salad has some of the best dressing around.This is a 5 star rating for a cafe style restaurant.   I would not give it the same rating if it were more of a fine dining establishment.
4	Why is everybody complaining about the size of this restaurant? That's the size, deal with it or take your food to go. And kids? Really, you're on the West side of Madison, buddy...deal with it! But, i do admit it gets busy, but who doesn't like a busy restaurant? That means the food is good, right?Your bill  can go quite high if you add a protein (chicken, shrimp, beef, tofu, and just recently new meatballs).Only complaint, potstickers are terrible, they have no flavor. They look delicious, but do not be fooled. My favorite dish (and of many others) is the penne rosa.  Except a crowd around lunchtime, and expect kids...when in doubt!Oh, and great staff here, always friendly and fast!
4	This review is for the chain in general. I will post it here as this is probably the Noodles I have been to the most. I have been to all the Noodles locations in town at least five times and to Noodles in general about 60-80 times over ten years or so.Consistently fresh and tasty food. Good service. Fast. Easy to customize the pasta (and add lots of veggie). Good value unless you add too many extras. Great pasta. Nice restaurants. Many have outside seating. They are a little stingy with veggies that you pay extra for. The extra meat could be cooked better into the meal instead of just lying on top. menu does not change too much so if you go too much you can Noodled out. Deserves a 4.5 stars (yelp, gives half stars would make giving fair ratings  easier), but is a little closer to 4 than 5.
4	Excellent food!  I can never decide on what I want when I walk in the door because there are always 3 or 4 dishes that I find appealing.  While it can get a little crowded at lunch time, it's worth the short wait for an open table and it simply shows what a great restaurant it is.  Excellent service too!
1	lack of identity, the Asian noodles don't look nor taste like it, the pastas are the same. Taste like cooked by bunch of students, taste very plain. just like cooking from school.
3	Meh. Honestly that's all I can say about it. The portions could be bigger, and a tad bit overpriced. I've tried most of the dishes on the menu, and finally conclude that the two things worth getting are the Truffle Mac and the Pesto Cavatappi. The other things just aren't that great. They've really dumbed down on the flavor even though their noodles come from a variety of different cuisines, almost seems too manufactured of a taste. There's no "soul" in this food. Obviously, it's just a quick eats fast food place and I really shouldn't be expecting too much. The atmosphere is very wonderful too. But who knows, I'd still prefer if it was more flavorful and probably bigger portions as I believe that had in the past.
3	I was at this location a week ago and I ordered a new dish they have, its called Thai hot pot, I was really looking forward to try it and unfortunately it failed completely. It was a big bowl with 90% water and 5% coconut milk (if there was any), three pieces of shredded chicken and pork each (all gummy), 5-6 spinach leaves, some noodles at the bottom and a few tomato chunks, the only good thing was the flatbread, nice flavor and crispy. I ate some since I was hungry but I will not ordered it again. This is not the  first time I get a bland dish at this place, I think it's losing quality.
5	I love noodles! The girl who took my order was great. She really knows the menu. As a vegetarian with a husband who is allergic to dairy, it is nice to be treated respectfully and have people who know what's in the food at restaurants. She definitely knew what was in the food. The food was super yummy and quick. I love this place!
3	My family and I have gone to this location a few times and we normally have good experiences. I usually get the penne rosa with grilled chicken. But the last few times, the chicken seems to be a little overcooked and dry. Especially if you pay close to $9 bucks for pasta and chicken, it better be near prefect. I would rate 3.5 stars, but not 4 stars.
1	I just walked into the restaurant with my husband to order dinner and a young child threw up behind us in line. When a fellow patron waiting for her food let a woman working there know, she turned to her manager who did nothing. A 2nd person notified the manager and in the rudest response he said, "Yeah, I know, but we're busy right now." There were two other people in line & this should be your 1st priority. Needless to say, we left. We won't be going back to a restaurant that would let a potential health hazard like this go unaddressed.
2	I had not been here for a while and I just stopped in for a quick lunch. The Mediterranean salad looked good. I ordered it with chicken. Ordering and the wait were quick. I was disappointed in the salad. Half of it was macaroni pasta and it didn't look like the photo on the menu board. I was excited about all those yummy vegetables. Take away the macaroni and it was like a small or regular side salad.
