4	This brand new uber high tech arts event space is slowly hatching down in Old Montreal. I got to check out a sneak peek and was really thrilled by the potential in the space. It's four stories, wired to the gills with capabilities for audio/video recording and live broadcasting, configurable rooms with screens, equipment for bands, film, and all manner of motion-sensor, data-driven, interdisciplinary madness. Brought to you by the same benefactor behind DHC Art, the space is clearly a dream-project labour of love. There are exhibitions scheduled for the launch of each individual room, I believe, and the full space will be finished emerging from it's current chrysalis of construction and conceptualization by mid Fall. In addition to the many inspiring arts spaces within, there is a rooftop terrace with a heart stopping view of Old Montreal.
5	Uber hi-tech  multi-media/performance centre, situated in a "Grande Dame" building in Old Montreal, which has been completely renovated while retaining its old grandeur. Four floors; in the basement : washrooms which look very Arhitectual Digest, on the ground floor,  a large conference/live performance (usually music),/film theatre/reception room and on the other side, a smaller salon, for more intimate interviews/meetings. On the second and third floors, TONS of wires and computers, with large paintings on the corridor walls. I didn't go up as high as the fourth floor, but I believe it houses an art gallery and film theatre as well( I was also working  which is why I couldn't snoop further ). Beautiful  combo of ultra hi- tech/modern and old fashioned space  located in a  equally beautiful part of our fair city.
5	What an amazing space..
5	Half gallery, half studio space, half event venue, half pop up shop, half acid trip. I know that's five halves, dammit, that's my point. A must see visit for a rotating flair of Montreal's exquisite and funky modern art and fashion scene.   Pop-up artisan shop down, gallery up, some studio space and a small auditorium I believe.Something very interesting about the modernity of the space and exhibits tucked in Vieux Montreal, one of the oldest urban cores in NA.Check it, yo.
