3	I really feel like it's my duty to warn others that if you come to this Wendy's to please bring your patience. Please don't stop here for a quick bite or if you're in a rush. The people here work at their own pace. They are all very friendly, but this area is full of retirees and quite a few of them work here. They will chat with you all day about various things, but you have to be willing to give about 10 minutes more of your time whenever you place an order. I repeat this specific Wendy's is not a "fast" food joint, but my order here is always right.  :)
1	OK so by now most people know I am a pretty patience guy but every time I eat here it seems as if time slows down.The words fast food can not and should not be used when describing this place. First off let me start by saying that this place while a chain seems to be the broken link. In the last three times I was forced to eat here (friends choice) I did not recive my complete order, was over charged, and received food that looked like it was left by a previous customer. Soggy fries, burgers coated in so much grease the bun would have slid off had it not been for all the cheese that held it to the wrapper! Of course this was after the long wait time (clocked at over 12 mins by my friend on one visit!) So why do people still eat here is my question? Maybe they are still stuck on the memories of cold and tasty frosty's. Or maybe it was the times they enjoyed a biggie drink with free refills on a blazing 110 summer day here in phoenix. Who knows? I think that since they were acquired by Arby's there was no place for them to go but down hill. Dave Thomas would flip in his grave if he could see the tiny dried up squares of cow flesh his customers where offered for their hard earned dollar, and Wendy well she would be in tears!  R.I.P. to Wendy's and to another childhood memory.
1	This wendy's is terrible. I grew up going to Wendy's but recently the whole chain has become disgusting. This one is just a slow, disgusting chain. Blah, rather eat pretty much any where else.
1	its hard to mess up a wendys burger, but this location seems to have figured out how to do it. Our food was luke warm at best. the french fries, tasted old, and where cold.  If you don't mind eating food that has been sitting under a hot lamp, this is the place for you, if you want hot food, you would be  better to leave it on your dashboard. as much as i hate to say it, try to avoid this location. I didn't even make a complaint, figured why waste my time.
1	Worst Wendy's I've ever been too.  Went in over a year ago for breakfast special.  Waited in line for 20 minutes and then the order was all messed up.  Long and short.  Too many other good places out there.  Don't waste your time..
1	food is ok, but service is very slow!
3	It's a fast food Hamburger Joint.  That being said, the service here is better than the hamburger joint across the street.
1	Terrible, tasteless foodChicken Asiago sandwich was bland, dry, tasteless.Chocolate ice cream cup meltedFrench fries over salted and cold
