5	Never been to a Dunkin' Donuts, and I swear we use to have some here in Orange County, but I've had the coffee.It truly is the best I have ever tasted. The donuts...I have no idea.How's that for forbidden love?
4	The best thing about NYC are the DDs all over, and the fact that people bring donuts to every meeting held before 11 AM.  This DD does a mean job with the classic plain old fashioned, which I consider the litmus test of a donut shop.  So, while a good donut is always tops in my book, why only 3 stars?  It's the Christown Walmart version of DDs.  It is almost always crowded, and with people who talk really loudly with lots of "ain't got none" and "they don't got none a that" phrases thrown in.  I went on Saturday and was sandwiched between a woman with half her top teeth totally knocked out who kept yelling at a friend who was seated at a table (lot's of "ain't"s and things thrown in), and a guy who was crowing about how he's being paid to stand in line because's on the "shop run" getting donuts for the guys at the shop....  now there's lots of people in the world, but when the line is 40 people long, why do they talk like we ALL want to her about it??  And there was a guy waiting up by the counter with a dog on a leash.  A somewhat scraggly looking pit bull.  No indication whatsoever that it was a service dog.  On top of all this, I got stuck behind a lady and her daughter that considered the selection of their dozen as the most critical decision of the year and held up all the loud-talkers in line behind them. The wait was interminable.Access is also an issue - it's tough to make a left hand turn into the place and virtually impossible to make a left hand turn getting out.  The line can get so long in the drive through that it blocks in some of the parked cars.Why this is the only north-central DD is beyond my comprehension, and my love of the donuts is the only thing that keeps me coming back.
4	I love Dunkin Donuts.  I first went to one when I lived in Rhode Island.  Best Donuts ever.  The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 star is this particular location over cooks there bagels and breakfast sandwichs. I have eaten  there a few times and different item.  But anything they have to heat is over cooked, slightly burned.  There in another Dunkin Donuts location about 15 miles away.  I would recommend going there.
1	ONE STAR. That's right. The one star is NOT for the donuts or the coffee...because it RULES! The one star is for the terrible terrible TERRIBLE service that I receive every.Single.Time.I go here. This location is right down the street from my house and is on my way to work. So I stop in at least once a week. I only go here because its the only DD near my house and on my route to work. That's it. Every time I place an order they cut me off while I am still talking. I order a medium skim milk latte with hazelnut and one splenda. I will start to stay medium latte and they cut me off, "do you want it hot" yes a hot latte with skim milk annnd..."Do you want any flavor in it?"...yes I was just trying to say with hazelnut annnd.."Do you want any sweetner?"...gah,,,yes with one splenda. If they would just SHUT UP AND LISTEN I would answer all their questions in my order. I don't talk slow or with a speech impediment, so its not like these questions need to be drawn out of me, I am literally speaking and they are talking over me. I HATE THAT. Then you get to the window. They give me my drink, And I also always get a french crueler (LOVE THEM). They never ever give you a napkin. I had no idea there was a shortage of napkins. I always have to ask (more like shout, as the girl is always walking away from the window before I can barely grab the bag from her) They act as if I am putting them out by asking for a napkin. And if you get an iced drink...you have to ask for a straw. WTH Dunkin D!?!!? My latte is always perfect and my french crueler is always a dream...but the service here is lacking in so many ways its frustrating. Please step it up Dunkin Donuts.
1	So I swing through old Dunkin D this morning...Its Friday and I need a french crueler damn it! This time I tricked them so they couldn't cut me off..I ordered a Hot, Medium 1 splenda with hazelnut latte! HAHA! Try to cut me off and ask me a question now bitches! I pull up to the window and the guy working it has a name badge that says he is the store manager...I think, rad! He will do everything correctly. Nope...Handed me my donut and my drink and started walking away. I say "Excuse me", he still has his back to me, Then I lean out the window..."EXCUSE ME!!" He looks blankly at me...Ummmm Napkin??? Seriously...I don't know if they train these people NOT to give out napkins at the drive through or what. But its frustrating. My french crueler and latte were heaven as usual. Maybe one day they will get bumped up to 3 stars if they ever give me a napkin without being prompted or giving me attitude when they hand it to me.
3	I am bumping this location up to 3 stars! I still have to deal with them being napkin nazis every time BUT they gave me a punch card for a free medium coffee (hot or iced) for a FULL YEAR!!!! Can I get a hell yeah!
5	Very friendly staff.  Great service!
5	We used some Dunkin Donuts coupons on our visit today and were very pleased with the service and the coffee! My first coffee was the toasted almond but I didn't like the taste, so I asked if I could switch it out for a Pumpkin Iced Coffee and Crystal was so wonderful and politely said she'd change my order. We also ordered the 50 mini donut holes and Crystal gave us a sample of all the different flavors. They were out of chocolate ones, but had them make some especially for us - and I'm so glad she did, they turned out to be my favorite! In addition to changing our order and putting together a nice spread of mini DD's, she gave us a free sample of the white chocolate latte. Thanks so much Crystal!
3	This location is clean and neat, but the people are not always the friendliest of people. I dont come here often but when I do the donuts are always delicious even if the people who serve them are not!
4	Look, I love Dunkin donuts and their coffee.  They make great donuts, muffins and they are right around the corner from where I live.  I've come to this location a few times over the past few months for a variety of reasons, but mostly for their coffee!They are open early, and have lots of pastries to choose from. This morning I came in because i needed to get some munckins for my friends and some donuts as well since we're all job hunting for work right now.  The girl behind the counter was nice and friendly, and helped me pick out the flavors of stuff that I needed.There's also a guy who works there that has helped me in the past, not only in the store, but in the drive through as well.  The only down side, is that even though I was here at about 11 AM on a Monday morning, their stock seemed really hit! They were running low on everything (donuts, muffins and other pastries) and it was kind of disheartening.  Were they going to cook more?  I don't know!  I would assume so, but I can't say for sure.  This is also not the first time I have noticed this as well.Overall, I would say I like it here. They also have free wifi, are open early, and have a great drive through.  Go check it out, you'll thank me that you did!
5	I love coming to this Dunkin in the morning. The staff is very friendly, upbeat and positive. Makes for a great morning. I usually do the drive thru after dropping my 1 yr old son off at daycare but I went in the other day since we were having an early morning. They were so great and were very patient and friendly when he spilled water all over the floor, they smiled and just grabbed him another cup then mopped it up. I didn't have to ask and they didn't make me feel uncomfortable with sighs or attitude.
5	Good donuts even in the afternoon, good service and has a drive thru, but honestly they had me at donut!
5	This location is fast, friendly, and very much on the ball when it comes to customer service. There was a bit of a line the day I went there but they got people going fast. Now that I know where this one is (on my way to work), I will become a more frequent customer! VERY impressed with their service!
1	Went in this past Saturday to redeem a Groupon I had purchased. Was told by the cashier that they did not accept them. I politely asked for the manager and asked her why they did not accept a Groupon for Dunkin Donuts, as that is where we were. She said that they were not participating in that promotion, and I asked why, to which she had no answer. The I proceeded to ask her what Dunkin Donut locations were participating and she said she did not know. She she has said had quite a few people trying to redeem the Groupon. How can you be a manager with absolutely no knowledge of your business? I will not be coming here ever again !
1	I recently went into Dunkin Donuts only to discover they are now charging $0.15 per pump for extra syrup.   I have been a loyal customer for several years  enjoy my coffee everyday however with this recent increase is ridiculous. No one should be charged for extra condiment.  Would McDonald's or any other company charge for extra ketchup or mayonnaise, NO!!!!!!   This is unreasonable!!!!!! I will no longer be a customer.
1	Wow almost no Donuts. About 10 total. The ones most people dont eat. And when asked they are not making any more. It's 930 am your open till 8 pm.
4	I've stopped here twice on my way to work, and had a pretty good experience both times.  The construction is frustrating, but not the fault of DD.  The food is made fresh, and they've never messed up my order like some other places.  The drive thru staff have been friendly both times (haven't been inside yet).  I do feel disappointed every time I see the small amount of hash browns for the price, but otherwise think the food isn't bad for the price.  I will likely continue going here in the future!
5	Fast, friendly service! Delicious coffee at a great price. I love how you can choose what kind of sweeteners to use. Not sure why people are knocking off stars due to nearby construction; that's not the Dunkin's fault!
