4	Five star classes! I have tried Pure Barre and FlyBarre, but this is my favorite. The classes are CHALLENGING, and you definitely feel it the next day. I really like Susie as an instructor because she's very upbeat and motivating. The classes are small, so you get a lot of individualized instruction. I appreciate that because I want to feel the burn and make sure I am doing the exercises correctly. Classes are smaller than other area studios. I'm rarely self conscious about bumping someone on the barre or during stretches which allows me to fully concentrate on the work I'm doing. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because there aren't showers, and this is a challenging workout. For that reason, I can't work out before work because I would need to go home to shower and get ready. Give it a try! It is a A-mazing.
5	I have attended 8 classes so far and I can definitely assure you all classes I have attended so far required a "break" for me in the leg and butt blasting routines. Don't get me wrong I love the soreness for the next day or so especially since I am in pretty good shape. I have been to pure barre as well but what I really enjoy about this studio is the variety. I don't want to attend a class and feel like I am doing the same exercises over and over again. I love the tweak in routine.The key to changing your body is mixing it up so that it  does not know what to expect. I really hope they keep this up as a motto for classes in the future I would hate to be disappointed. In addition I love how they also have a Sport Fusion class to provide a cardio blast if you so desire that route in lieu of a barre routine. They also offer a OM fusion class for you yogis out there. Words out they will offer an advanced and hot barre classes for those of you that desire a super butt blast! My favorite instructor so far is Jen Payne. I have been going to the 5:30 AM classes and it is worth the early arrive time. I still hear "Squeeze that Ball blaring my brain" even when I am not in class. There is not pussyfooting around in the hour long class so be prepared to sweat and make your legs shake. The studio is clean and the class limit is 20 so sign up ahead of time to reserve a spot. Side note: No showers :( but the classes are worth the run home to shower!
5	Carolina Barre and Core is awesome. I was never one for " working out" until my friend asked me to try a class with her at CBC. I was hooked from day one! The instructors are amazing, welcoming, helpful, and fun. The classes are hard but full of encouragement and laughter.  I am grateful for the amazing instructors who push me everyday, the friendly faces who greet me and work out beside me at every class, and for the changes I have seen physically and mentally. I have been attending classes for a year now and I am looking forward to many more.
5	A fantastic workout and even better instructors. After going to several fitness studios in Charlotte, Carolina Barre and Core stands above the rest. Every class is like a personal session -- they keep you accountable and keep going to achieve your best workout! A must-try... and I promise you'll be HOOKED!
