5	Great people, great place! I've been to Vegas many times, but never traveling in an RV. My BF and I stopped there for one night on our way to Utah. The staff and the residents (I met a very nice man from the mid-west at the pool) we're all extremely fun to talk with and the lady who "parked" us gave us some great suggestions on the easiest way to get to our show that night. The park was super clean, easy to find, and close enough to the strip. I would definitely return.
1	We were very disappointed with the accommodations for dog park- it was bare ground that smelled very strongly of urine- my dogs were not happy to go in it and my male dog got sick afterward with diarrhea and vomiting for 2 days .  The security staff were very friendly but the staff at the checking were not helpful at all-
5	The park was very clean and the staff was very nice.  We will be staying there in the future and recommending it to our friends.
3	All in all, this is a nice secure park. Some older trailer type RVs, but no riffraff.  24 hour  security, and a great pool and spa. As for Wifi, their Tengonet is a joke! I am forced to write this yelp on my iphone on 4g.  The office closes at 4:00 pm  SHARP.  Not 4:01, making it difficult for a working couple to receive mail. More asphalt than landscape, but they do have several well maintained dog run areas. Lined on two sides by low rent apartment buildings, which can get a little loud late at night. No on site convenience store which means you must leave the resort for any necessities. FYI, I would not feel comfortable walking out of the resort at night. Overall, I would give them a four rating with the exception of the Internet issue, and their office hours.
4	Staff was very friendly and greeted us by name when we arrived.  Quiet resort, not a lot of occupants.  There is a security gate, which is nice to have in that neighborhood.  It is very close to Walmart and Sam's Town.  Each spot had a palm tree, picnic table, and flowers.
4	Recently stayed one night. Very clean and well maintained facility with friendly, helpful staff. Restrooms and clubhouse  excellent. The deluxe sites are large and comfortable. The standard sites are up front before security and much more spartan. They have off season online specials now which includes deluxe sites so pick that level. The only thing I'd like them to add would be some sort of drop off at Sams so you don't have to walk at night if you dont have a toad. But will come back next trip to LV.
3	I stayed here back in August of this year.  The people that work this RV resort are friendly and the grounds are both clean and organized.  I did not care for the location of Las Vegas outside the gates of this resort but the good folks running this resort seemed to be on top of their game in keeping unauthorized people off the premises.That said, I would come back here.
5	This is a small clean rv resort. Reasonably priced, quiet and the staff is first rate.
