5	So, it was time for me to stock up on bras.  I wanted to go get properly fitted, as I think every girl should at some point in thier lives.  This place was great!  It's located right in Scottsdale, in the same shopping complex as Saba's Western Wear.  Its a small little boutique, cute, quiant and comfy.  It really felt like someones home.  Pink walls, lots of bras, and other odds and ends for women of all sizes.This place caters to ALL women of every shape size and color.  They carry a full line of support for women who are full busted or not, along with post op breast surgery stuff as well.  They carry a full line of product.  They will even special order stuff for you.On Saturdays, they are only open between 10-2, and closed on Sundays.  They advertise as being by appointment only, but you can walk in and shop just like I did.  I was greeted by a young lady who was professional in every way.  I asked her a lot of questions, and she was able to answer every single one for me.  I told her I just needed a few every day bras, nothing fancy or exciting.  She had me step into a fitting room, and measured me for size.  She brought in a variety of bras, and I tried on each one to see what I liked best.  To my delight, most of the bras in the store were all reasonable in cost to what I would spend elsewhere...between $40-70 dollars.  I should also mention that the measuring was obviously at no charge.  I was so thrilled to actually have someone who knew what they were doing during the entire session!  No pushy saleswomen, no bad information, no trying to upsell me on a bra I didnt want or need.  I also found out that they have a location in Tucson, and that has been around for about 50 years, and thier Scottsdale location has been around for about 15 years.  Quite impressive.  This place was totally what I needed.  Real service, by women who knew what they were doing, no pressure to by and I actually learned A LOT while I was there about bras and such.  Some of it I already knew, but some was new to me as well.Give this place a try.  I think you'll be impressed, and be as happy as I was with the experience.
5	Important! The address is incorrect. They are NOT at 7119 E Shea Blvd but at 10405 N Scottsdale Rd # 1. They moved 7 years ago.Short: This place is awesome and specializes in ladies with large breasts or who have recently had breast reduction surgery. They have outstanding customer service and will donate your used bras for women in need.Long: I do not have large breasts and have not recently had breast reduction surgery. I was recently fitted for a bra at a different store in Phoenix because I kept reading that I was probably wearing the wrong bra size. After an intimidating sales experience, I left with an uncomfortable bra that I couldn't bring myself to wear. I decided to cut my losses and get a new bra at a different store: Alice-Rae. I wore the other bra (because I was embarrassed by all the other ones I own!) and after seeing the red marks around my chest, Julie told me it was way too tight. After measuring me, she brought me some bras to try on. Unlike the other store, I felt comfortable saying what I didn't like about each bra. She apologized and told me she doesn't carry a lot of bras in my size (which I now know is a 34C) but that I'm very average and should just go to a department store. She put an extender on the bra I wore in and t fit perfectly. Rather than sell me a new bra (which I was totally ready to buy) she remedied the one I already had for $3. On top of all this, before I came in, I called for the hours. It was just after 5 and she told me they usually close at 5 but she would be working a bit late so I could come by. So she ended up working late for me and still was happy to just help me with the bra I came in with. Finally, she works with an organization that collects used bras for domestic violence women's shelters. What great people.
5	I went to Alice-Rae earlier today to be professionally fitted and I got to say... I am glad I did. I've never spent $200 on bras before but it was well worth it. Julia was fantastic and helped me find several bras that fit beautifully. Well worth the money. Ladies, if you haven't had a professional fit you before, you need to. Thanks Julia!
5	This place is a GEM! I've been going to Alice Rae off/on for years and they've always demonstrated outstanding customer service. Bra shopping isn't always fun, and the owner (Julia) is kind, compassionate, and exceptionally knowledgable about her products and how to successfully items to each woman's unique shape. I've never left the store disappointed, and I've sent friends to over the years who are also Alice Rae converts. I wish more people knew of this store because you leave feeling good about yourself and your body.
