5	I adopted one of my cats from here, and would adopt every cat in the place if it could be guaranteed that they would be as lovely, mischievous, cute, and just plain full of kittenish delight as my Pellinore. I actually adopted him from one of HALO's partnering PetSmart adoption...zones? But he came all microchipped, neutered and vaccinated from HALO, and it is to them that I must give the credit. Their adoption fees are higher than the fees at the Arizona Humane Society, but HALO is a no-kill organization. Definitely check out their website, and definitely adopt some cute cats. Or dogs, maybe. If you like them. Maybe you could also call my boyfriend and let him know that I should be allowed to adopt at least 3 more cats. Thanks in advance.
5	I am writing a biased review...I volunteer for Halo and I obviously support them and think they are great or I wouldn't help them out.  What I wanted to tell everyone about is how great they are with not only animals but people too.  I was on a mission about a year ago to find a volunteer project for my daugther and myself to do together.  She was only 10 at the time.  I could not find anything for someone her age other than 1 day community projects.  Then I followed a natural course and asked myself the following questions.  What we both had interest in?  ...animals.  Which animal did E like best?   ...cats.  I checked around and found Halo.  And, yes, they had a job for children her age.   I liked that they are a no kill/second chance shelter for animals that are out of time at the local pound.  Thus, we became kitty cuddlers at our local Petsmart.  We enjoy taking care of our cats every Friday and it is something we can be proud of.  Excellent orginization!  Side note, turned out I had adopted by 1st dog from them years ago.
5	I adopted one of my two cats from HALO Animal Rescue. He came microchipped, vaccinated and neutered. Granted, I did pay a little more than I would have from the Humane Society, but HALO is a no-kill shelter and they help quite a few troubled animals in our area. Their website is easy to navigate and peppered with adorable animal pictures. I'm definitely in danger of becoming a crazy cat lady as long as HALO is around.
5	I haven't been to HALO's physical location, but we adopted our new dog from them at the PetSmart Charities adoption event at the PetSmart corporate offices. There were so many dogs at the event, and I wish we could have taken them all with us. We met a few HALO volunteers and they were all extraordinary. I can only imagine how well the animals are taken care of at their rescue. We took home Watson (now named Bagel), a three year old Beagle/Bassett Hound. He was neutered, chipped and vaccinated. Their normal adoption prices are a little higher, but at this event, Bagel was only $25! Since they lost out on so much money from this event, my husband and I plan to attend their volunteer orientation next month. We want to give back to them as much as we can for taking such good care of our new family member while they had him.
5	We support HALO! We have the 2 best cats, Marie and Penlope. Adopted through here...  Thank you HALO, keep up the good work!
5	I went to a Halo event and drove forever to get there (I'm in SE Valley, they're in NW Valley).  Best decision I ever made.  I took 2 of my kids with me and the Halo folks advised us on which of the cats would make the best fit with our family of 4 kids and 2 dogs.  Home came Sedona.  He gets along with everyone and even rubs and does figure-8's between the dog's legs.  Sedona came with basic shots and micro-chip.  I love AZ Humane Society's Campus for Compassion, too (where we got our dog, best dawg ever!), but they weren't able to give us any feedback about any individuals animals so we felt like we were shooting blind, so to speak (but we lucked out with Emily the dawg).  Thanks, Halo, for giving us great advice and leading us straight to our sweet Sedona!
5	I just adopted a 1 year old Shepard mix from here 3 days ago and she is such a sweet dog. The shelter volunteers are super nice and they're as helpful as they can be. I wasn't sure if she was potty trained so we taped painter plastic and masking paper to the floor in case of accidents. I took her out on 5 different walks, but she wouldn't pee. She held it for at least 20 hours or so, and ended up peeing inside. However, since we were prepared, it didn't take long to clean up and just replace the area she urinated in. As a result, I decided to take her on a walk for my friend and her dogs. Whenever her dogs would pee/poo we would praise and pet them. And so my dog decided to do the same and she got a treat. So now she pees and poos outside. Granted I have only had her for a few days, but it seems like she is officially potty trained in 1 day haha. Of course I can't take all the credit...her previous owners or the shelter must have trained her too. This is the great thing about adopting dogs is because you can get an older one that is already pre-trained. She is calm and doesn't bite things that are not hers and never goes on the bed or couch.
5	I love this place and what they do. We adopted our Graycie from them and if we ever get other animals we'll definitely choose HALO!
5	We got our precious pup, Mumford (formerly named Hubble) here over a year ago. They do a wonderful job of keeping their website up to date so it's easy to find a new furry friend to call your own! Our doggie came microchipped, with all his shots, with a bag of food, and they even sent him home with one of his favorite toys at the shelter. They  have awesome deals so that the doggies or kitties that need homes can be adopted quickly. I couldn't recommend them higher, and I love the work they do.
5	What a great experience! We have been searching for a dog for my mother for 2 months and had not found the one she connected with until we visited Halo Animal Rescue.  Part of the problem with finding a dog was the prices that are attached to the rescues.  We couldn't afford a couple of the dogs that we were interested in but found the perfect dog in Mokey (renamed by my mother to Pickles)  priced at $105.  (prices vary greatly at this location) In fact, at Halo Animal Rescue we had several dogs that my mother felt a connection to so it was hard at first but, ultimately, the dog selected had the best connection to my mom's exsisting dog.  They seemed to like each other right away.  The location itself is small and all the space was used to capacity.  We were greeted by a very nice gal who had us fill out our paperwork and then another equally kind gal took us to the dog we were interested in.  She allowed us to spend time with the dog outside and to see all the dogs and spend time with any dog we felt connected to.  The girl that helped us told us as much as she knew about each dog, both pros and cons.  We liked that.  Another girl overheard us commenting on a dog and commented on that dog as well and we thought that was helpful.  This location has the dogs and cats in cages unlike the set-up at the Humane Society and the Maricopa location where the dogs have runs and it was a bit hard thinking of the time the dogs are spending in cages but it is balanced by the fact that the people that work there were very kind and loving toward the animals and seemed like they really cared about the well-being of the animals.  This location is also a no-kill location so all of these animals have a home here until they are adopted.  They also bring in dogs and cats that were scheduled to be euthinized to give them a second chance at an adoption.  I would recommend Halo Animal Rescue for anyone looking for a dog or a cat.  It's a wonderful place doing great work for the cats and dogs that can't do it for themselves.  Thanks Halo!
5	I adopted a wonderful kitty (4 years old) ,  whom I named Samson (he was named Wyatt), from this organization a few months ago.  He is an awesome kitty and adapted immediately to his new home and his new kitty buddy who has been in my home for a number of years.  He is  well behaved and a welcome addition to my home.  Please help HALO out and adopt a nice kitty (or dog) from them.. Note: HALO  also has many wonderful kitties housed  at various Petsmart locations (where I found Samson). They do the animals a great service by saving as many of them as they can from the "kill lists" at other shelters.  HALO takes these precious animals in and takes care of them until a kind soul like you comes along and takes them home. Believe me, the animals seem to know how lucky they are and their gratitude is given back to you every day in the love and devotion (and crazy things they do), that are sure to bring a smile to your face.   As to cost..how can you put a cost on pure love?  There is a price for every budget.. just ask..
5	Love Halo and all that they do.  We adopted our cat from them.  If you are looking for a new pet please consider visiting them and of course check out their animals at PetSmart stores.
5	We adopted little Ralphie from HALO. One of the volunteers had got him out of the kennel and left us take him out into the gated/fenced area. My husband and I left to get some lunch and discuss the possibility of taking little Ralph home. We returned after lunch and started the process. They set us up in a meet and greet room for one on one time with Ralph, who was just as poilte as any dog could be. They provided a colar and a bag of dog food and the adoption fees include the neuter, vaccinations and micro-chipping. Good organization.
3	Soooooo many cats!! Small selection of dogs. The facility is clean and tidy. The volunteers and staff are all very nice! They have a section for adoptions and they have an area for animals that are found. Adoption fees are reasonable and vary on the specific animal. My experience was good! Ill be back if I'm looking to adopt a new pet!
3	Great that all the cats are chip and updated on shots. But I got a cat who just did not like me. Went to take him back not expecting to get my $75 back they said to take him back it will cost me $45. I know they need money but that crazy. I surrendered him at Arizona Humane society. Which in turn  gave him right back to Halo. No cost to me
1	I've been hearing of several instances where this group has recued puppies from surrounding shelters, but made the decision not to also rescue the mother.  This usually ends in the mother being euthanized.  Just my feeling, but doesn't the mother deserve to find a forever family as well as her babies?
5	Had a positive experience here adopting a dog. I checked out the website ahead of time and I brought my current dog with me when I went to see how she would get along with the potential picks. They let me walk through and pick a few dogs to bring outside and interact with. I chose a dog that seemed impartial to my own and asked what the policy was if it did not work out. They reassured me that if they did not take to each other I could switch her out for another dog. She settled in really well was already potty trained and all around more well mannered then my other dog!
5	This review comes from a cat foster "parent" and one-time volunteer, not an adopter.I've worked with several animal shelters in my day, and each one of them is inspiring.  Halo is no different.  They are a no-kill shelter which is important to most animal lovers, but that does mean they don't accept incoming animals, but on their terms.  They have a lot of cats (most shelters have more cats than dogs), plenty of chihuahuas, and enough other kinds of dogs to keep any pet parent-to be busy finding their new little guy to take home!  During busy hours, volunteers and staff members are plentiful, helping people who are looking to adopt and taking care of the animals.  There's a lot to do, and they keep busy!  When a kitten is too little for shelter life or needs more continuous care, or if a dog is having a rough time in a shelter environment, fosters are called upon to take them home to help them grow, get/stay healthy, and learn to trust humans.  Kitten addicts: this is a great way to keep tiny baby cats in your house without ending up a feline-hoarder!  It's a very rewarding experience, but beware: it's impossible not to get attached to the little guys, which makes it really hard to part with them later.  But it's for their own good ;)If you're looking to add a cat or dog to your family, please stop by a rescue shelter like Halo!  You get a pet that's spayed/neutered, updated on shots, and needs someone to love them.  By rescuing an animal from a shelter, you enable that shelter to open its doors to another animal in need, getting strays off the streets and out of kill-shelters.
1	I hate to be the first person to write a negative review but I feel that I have been wronged by HALO. At 9 a.m. I lined up at Maricopa County Animal Control West to rescue Marley, a dog from the E-List. I had Marley pulled by another rescue the night before he was scheduled to be euthanized and was more than thrilled to be adopting and saving a life. I showed up, along with my boyfriend, and filled out an application, at this point everything was being done through County, not HALO. The employees told me there would be a lottery (which is typical if more than one person is interested in adopting the pet) and that they would call if we won. That was the first part of this whole ordeal that seemed a bit off, especially because we did not see one other person who was interested in this particular dog. Anyway, I waited and waited and waited for the call, but nothing happened. Well, it turns out that the lottery never did happen. Apparently HALO saw that there was interest in Marley and decided rather than send him home with responsible pet owners, they would snatch him up under the radar and then adopt him out with a much larger fee attached. Apparently HALO has first picks of dogs and could have easily rescued Marley before sending him to the E-List. HALO saw that there was interest and totally took advantage of poor Marley and their community that supports their non-profit rescue. This is not about the money for me- I had absolutely no problem paying the original adoption fee asked by the county and would have been more than willing to donate a large amount to HALO. However, I find this situation to be morally and ethically wrong on every level. I was lied to by county and taken for a fool. Beyond being personally upset about all of this, I now have to wonder about HALO's intentions. If HALO is being true to their mission statement, I believe they would have adopted a dog actually at risk for euthanasia, not one with a home lined up. It seems clear to me that this was a decision made purely on the money that would have been involved. If an adoption fee is making you act dishonestly and so desperately, HALO's priorities should be reevaluated. I will continue to support and donate to rescues but I can't say that I would recommend or support HALO. This is really unfortunate, because really it is only the animals that are impacted but HALO should consider that before making shady moves.
5	We just adopted our second dog from Halo and she is so precious! The staff were friendly, inviting, and very helpful, and the new facility makes it even easier to see all the beautiful animals available for adoption. The little girl we chose was very shy and nervous at first, but after sitting on our laps for several minutes and meeting our other pup (also adopted from Halo a year and a half ago) she quickly warmed up to us. She still needs to learn to walk on a leash, but she already seems comfortable asking to go outside for bathroom breaks and definitely wants to cuddle with as many people as possible. It's like she's been a part of our family from the beginning! We love Halo and will continue to adopt from them.
2	I have mixed feelings about Halo... On one hand, I got my puppy here and he is a good dog, but on the other, our actual experience was not very good. We went one day to look at dogs with the thought that we might adopt. They have a lot of dogs here and the conditions aren't wonderful. A lot of the dogs are in indoor/outdoor cages that were very dirty when we went. The dogs kept indoors were 3-4 per cage. We filled out the paperwork to meet some of the dogs we had seen and handed them to the man at the counter. Then we preceded to wait....and wait....and wait. Not wanting to be impatient, I finally went up to ask how much longer it would be. Oh, they lost my paperwork. Great. We refilled out the paperwork and finally got taken back to see the dogs. The people who work/volunteer here weren't very knowledgeable, but helped as much as they could. We found a dog that would be a good match and his adoption fee was 185$... a lot more than the Humane Society. I understand, but it seemed a little steep. We took our pup home and fed him the food they sent home with us. He wouldn't eat. He wouldn't eat for a week. We thought maybe it was an adjustment period. That is until we fed him a different food and he ate it all. How long had he been at the shelter refusing to eat? I know he had been there at least a week. That just made me sad. Additionally, unlike the Humane Society, Halo does not include a vet visit with adoption, so that is unfortunate, as many animals do have initial medical needs. I don't know that I would adopt here again, but I did get a good pup and am thankful for finding him.PS The dog was listed as black and white and indeed looked that way....that is until we washed him and he turned out to be brown and white.... would've been nice if they rinsed these poor dogs off. Just a thought.
5	I was  on Oodles website and saw Makayla.  I promptly emailed that I was interested in her. They were closed the next day. We decided we had to have her. Took a drive up happy that we were there first. The staff was very friendly. The let us spend some time with her. They were very thorough.
5	Thank you Halo for my fur baby Grinch ! He's such a sweet and well behaved little boy. The staff is knowledgeable and extremely friendly. They set me up with everything I need for him as well as some advice on aftercare. Thank you !
5	Halo is awesome! Just brought my baby home and she is already being spoiled rotten :) Her name was Mischon, a chihuahua jack russel mix, but since she had yet to adapt to that name, I changed it to Bella because she is beautiful. After filling out the application the staff allowed me to have personal time with three dogs that caught my attention in a private room, and a staff member who supervised and gave me the history and bio of each one. Once my decision was made (and it was a hard one ) Bella and I were taken to the counter where I filled out the rest of the required paperwork. I was sent home with enough food to last awhile, her paperwork, tags, and treats. I bought a basic leash for $5 to hold me until I went to pet smart later in the day. They do have a variety of other nice leashes and other necessities just not what I wanted for her. She is adapting to her new home seamlessly. We are working on leash training and potty training but the staff recommended that I use youtube tutorials instead of pricey dog classes and so far they are correct. She has already learned what "stay" and "no" means! I can almost certainly say that I will be back to Halo before the end of the year to adopt a playmate/sibling for Bella. Thank you Halo for making it simple and pleasant to rescue an animal and provide them with a loving home. I will post pics of her later. Right now she is snoring on my lap and I dont want to wake her in order to get to my phone :)
1	How does nobody else see how scammy they are? Not this specific location or the nice people who work there, but the company itself. Just over one year ago my wife and I were looking for a dog. I won't pretend to be a saint here, we wanted a puppy or a well-behaved adolescent dog because neither of us had the time or experience to work with possible behavioral problems in an adult dog (we had some bad issues with this in the past). We frequently checked the west and east maricopa animal shelters (east doesn't have on-site halo volunteers). We kept noticing that the larger west shelter always had way more puppies and the "more adoptable" dogs, and almost always they are in the HALO section with triple the adoption fees. I'm sure others have noticed this as well. One day I was on my own and swung by the east shelter. I noticed that they had a really friendly chihuahua mix puppy that just came in and I wanted to play with it, but the staff at the desk told me it was not adoptable yet since they have to be there a few days first. I was then warned that if I realistically want to adopt the puppy I will need be there right as they open on the day its available, otherwise HALO will almost certainly come by and pick it up because it is a cute puppy.It appears as if HALO is scooping up all the the puppies, purebreds, and the cutest and friendliest dogs from the county shelters. Then they are charging absurdly high fees for them. One might argue that it's a good thing since they are moving dogs from the kill side to a no-kill organization. Well that doesn't mean much since they are taking the dogs that are most likely to be adopted anyway. If they really wanted to impress me then they would take the 10 year old chihuahuas and malnourished pitbull mixes instead of leaving them at county where they will almost certainly be euthanized. That was my first ethical issue with HALO. I have another one now based on more recent observations:Just over a year later we were on the search for another dog. We went back to west shelter to see available animals. We used to be annoyed by the high adoption fees, but now we are absolutely shocked by them.Back when we adopted our first dog, the fees were expensive but understandable. Young puppies cost the most, followed by older puppies, and adult dogs were pretty cheap. Basically all animal shelters follow this pricing pattern. No big deal. Well now they seem to arbitrarily charge based on how cute or adoptable the animals there. On this last visit the puppies had the typical $185 adoption fee. However they have no gotten into the habit of charging outlandish fees for their more adoptable adult dogs. We saw a friendly and cute 3 year old chihuahua mix. It would have been about $50 if left in county and would have easily been adopted... HALO wanted $185, where a less cute but even younger dog caged right next door was under $80. Any and all purebreds we saw were a staggering $255... even ones that were over 4 years old. Here is a link to their website where they try to justify these fees:http://www.halorescue.org/adoptions/fees.aspxThat link takes you to a page that reads like a furniture store sales pitch trying to explain why the fees are so high. To summarize they try to say that the fees vary depending on the services that need to be performed on the dog while in their care.I guess it's just pure convenience that all the cutest, youngest, and purebred dogs have the most services needed?To clarify, my real problem is not the prices of the animals. Its the way they assign their prices. In summary, go to Halo animal rescue... if you're okay with them taking all the most adoptable dogs from county (leaving the oldest and least desirable ones behind) and then charging you 2-5x as much for the same animal, depending on how cute it is. I encourage anyone who goes to west shelter to stroll right past HALO side and look at the dogs who REALLY need help on the county side.
5	Wow, what an amazing service they provide to the lost animals in our city.  I found a cat that had a can stuck on its head.  I looked and looked to find it a home and the only place to respond to me with a "we will make it work" attitude was HALO.  I know they are full of cats and I was lucky that they were wiling to take in this unfortunate kitty.  She will now be guaranteed a warm bed for the rest of her life.  They were beyond professional and so caring.  I will always be a believer in HALO and always turn to them in the future.  Thank you HALO!
