3	This place wasn't obviously a bar from the strip mall exterior, as there was little way to see inside. An entrance to an dining area betrayed the true character of the business, which is essentially a sports bar. Once I figured out that the action was through a small vestibule where the restrooms were, I entered a lively bar atmosphere.The place was crowded for a Wednesday night, although that might have been due to a large Meetup.com group gathering and a birthday party. The numerous bistro tables and chairs are sometimes hard to maneuver around when the clientele is dense (I guess you can take that both ways). In actuality, all of the patrons and the wait staff here were easygoing and pleasant.This turned out to be a good karaoke venue. Multiple video monitors made it possible to sing from nearly any part of the bar. It became quite a game to spot the singer sometimes, since not everyone approached the makeshift stage area nearest the KJ. Also, I was pleased to see that the KJ was amenable to starting the karaoke festivities earlier than the scheduled 9 p.m. once tips/bribes were offered.I'll leave the food reviews to other Yelpers, since I only tried the standard pubgrub: chicken fingers and fries (and they were passable). The pizza seemed to be a featured item, so maybe that is the signature dish. For some reason, a word-of-mouth special circulated and some folks ordered Miller Genuine Draft pints for 50 cents!Not a bad place to meet up with friends... even if they are brand new!
3	Ok, I am giving them a 3 stars because of how they dealt with a huge group of soccer players and their families (for an after soccer season party) The food needs some help - both my kids and some other kids I heard complaining about the food tasting bad.  I had a burger and it was ok, def 3 stars, maybe 2 but with everything these guys had to deal with I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt on this review.
5	I just love this place!Whether it's for 39c wing night on Tuesdays with friends, or to just hang out play arcade games, play a game of pool, and watch the game, the Fieldhouse has always been a fun place for big and small groups. When we all go out for wings, we can get a dozen wings for just over $5 and for a pitcher (with unlimited refills) of a nonalcoholic drink, its just $4.99, making drinks affordable for multiple people.There's tons of TVs, no matter where you sit in the bar, you can see about three different channels on and you don't have to turn your head far to see the multiple screens. Makes for catching up on the game and also watching another channel real easy to do.In the restaurant half, they close at 10PM on most nights, but don't kick out their guests or ask to move to the bar section. Even with indecisive teenagers trying to order food and multiple people talking at once, servers always seem to get the order correct and put up with the chaos! In the bar section, it's open much later and they offer FREE rides home from the bar in case you get more than your fill of drinks and can't safely drive home.The bartenders, servers and cooks have all been way cool, nice to talk to and do what they can to serve your party without being overly interrupting and let you actually eat instead of asking how the food is every few minutes. Like it's gonna change..Wings from here are by the far the best I have ever had. I always order the regular honey BBQ wings and my friend (diabetic, gluten allergy) loves the grilled wings from here. Whatever the sauce, we have always been impressed and dug right in once food arrives. Tons of meat on the bone that's always cooked well and served with carrots and celery making for one of my favorite meals with a cold drink.I highly highly recommend this place to friends, family, and to host group events. They are going to shortly be upgrading the back room (with the arcade games, jukebox, and pool table) to make it a more professional area for meetings and gatherings. As long as I love wings, I plan to always set aside some time to visit this joint for a good eat, any day of the week, but especially Tuesdays!
4	I've been to this place several times now and haven't had a bad meal!  The wings are super meaty, the Philly Cheese steak was great, and the ribs are delicious.  The owner is almost always there and takes an interest in how everyone's experience is.We went with the kids on Fourth of July weekend and had a blast.  They played video games while the food was prepared and after they were done.  We were there two hours!  The bar side is away from the family side, so I had no problem taking young kids and definitely will again.
3	a co worker recommended this place for its Friday nite fish fry i st oped by yesterday to check it out for lunch ...hey guess what???? IT S ANOTHER SPORTS BAR WHICH SEAM TO RUN RAMPED IN MESA AND GILBERT OK not that its a bad thing I guess I had the wings which were good service was good as well .I will go back to try other menu items
2	went here to watch the ufc fights. there was no cover charge and it wasnt packed full of affliction-wearing douche canoes. lots of tvs. so those are pluses. the service . . . pretty dismal. ok, it was a big fight night but i think they only had two waitresses working. the girl we had looked overwhelmed, and like i said, it wasnt that packed. there were still a couple open tables after the fights started, which did fill up eventually. im sure it easily gets busier for football games and such every week. we didnt see the waitress for stretches at a time, she would randomly show up every so often with one item we had previously ordered but woudnt take any new orders until the next time she would visit without any items. they were also out of a couple of their more decent drafts. we didnt get any napkins or silverware, and our paper towel roll dispenser on the table was empty. when the waitress would come by, she would have to move it to put stuff down, and still wouldnt give us paper towels.the food was a serious joke, bordering on insulting. my friend ordered the new york strip steak (yes, i had that same reaction when i heard he ordered that). it looked pretty sad sitting on the plate when it did come. he cut into it and it was raw. im not talking under-cooked, im saying literally raw. if you looked at the side of the steak, you could see raw steak. we grill quite a bit, so im kinda familiar with steaks, and this had to have been one minute on super high heat on each side. no exaggeration. so the waitress comes by on her next go round, and my friend tells her about the steak. she didnt give a shit. so my friend said he would get something else.so then she comes by a round or two later with my buffalo chicken sandwich. i literally laughed at it. at first i thought they forgot the chicken . . . but when i took the top bun off, there it was. a perfectly circular chicken patty about 1/4" thick. smothered in sauce. there was close to 1/2" of bun around the chicken patty and the edge of the bun. they politely included two small slices of tomato. they were both from the top of the tomato and had the white centers in still in them. i decided not to use the tomato that was partially green.the waffle fries were so awesome. actually, more like a love-hate relationship. after eating about half of them though, the overwhelming saltiness that made them so good started burning my mouth.so then the waitress comes by and my friend ordered the philly cheese steak, which he said was pretty good.
2	The fieldhouse is one of the most inconsistent places I've been. One week the service is great and the staff is attentive and the food is good and the next the service & the food is awful. Just a few days ago my roommate & I stopped in after work for happy hour & dinner. It took 15 min just for us to be acknowledged by the waitress and another 20 min to get our first drink & put in our order.  After 50 min we finally got our food, without silverware. Which took another 10 min for us to get. We were never offered a 2nd drink the rest of the time we were there until we requested the check. The food was not good & the service was even worse. I have gone on other occasions  later in the evening & the bartenders were great, but the atmosphere was ehhh. It actually seems like the "regulars" want to keep new people from coming in.I will probably go back, because let's face it it's Gilbert,  and that's where other friends want to go from time to time, but I will be sure and not have very high expectations.
