4	Good old Costa, whenever I'm waiting for my train I'll always nip here for a takeaway hot chocolate with extra marshmallows (of course). My favourite thing about Costa is the fact that they use the huge marshmallows instead of the little ones that melt so quickly you wouldn't even know they were there. The large ones taste amazing mixed with hot chocolate... yum.Due to the fact that it's located in the station it'll always a winner whether you want a coffee for before or after your train journey.
4	I've got into a wee routine now when I visit Edinburgh, which includes visiting this Costa.I like to try independent coffee stores as much as possible because it's an adventure, but a variety of positive factors keep me coming here. For a start, it's super convenient. Being located inside the train station but just on the periphery of the bustling gates, you can grab a sit down in their seating area far away enough from the madding, commuting crowd.The staff are really friendly and super efficient. You're never kept waiting long and the barista's couldn't be nicer to the customers. They seem quite down to earth and genuinely chipper, which is refreshing since most people in customer service succumb to the daily grind and look fed up as a consequence. Not these guys - they seem very peppy!Along with being nice and keen to help, they make kick ass coffee. I would recommend going for the large option every time as Costa's regular latte's and hot chocolates are gone in sixty seconds. But paying the extra 50 pence for a mountain of hot chocolate, cream and marshmallows is fine by me. Well worth it.Every train journey is made better by a comforting hot beverage, so what are you waiting for? Get yourself in the queue and kill 20 minutes of a dismal journey with a mood saving coffee (and do get the extra cream on top)!
4	Right, I hate to admit it, but I fall in love several times a day.  Give me a good looking man that makes coffee and I could get in serious trouble. And this morning at costa coffee in waverley station, i fell hard. This lovely, friendly, up beat australian made being up early in the morning a little bit better. What about the coffee I hear you say? Or your sugary chocolate twist? You know the answer. Its costa. Its the same as it is everywhere else?! Good. That is exactly the reason it is difficult to review any of these chains, you are essentially reviewing the service at the specific branch you went to. Going on that logic alone, my trip here was very good. And i left with another cutie added to the list of coffee making crushes. All in all. A 'totally' productive morning.
