5	Best mechanics ever.  I brought them a list of repairs that my dealership gave me (equal to the total value of my car) and they told me which ones were imperative and which ones were optional.  They basically turned away excessive amounts of my money.  I almost hesitate to write this review, as they're already pretty busy and I want to have them all to myself.
4	Good ethics from these guys, and I think that is what matters.   I had my A/C stop blowing cold air and they called and gave me a full rundown on what I need to do to get it working at the least cost and what could be done to make sure I never had an issue again.  The range of repairs was quite wide, but they never tried to get me to fix "everything".  Only thing keeping this from 5 starts was that they said they would call and took me calling the next day.  As a previous poster has wrote, they are busy.  I can see why.
3	I've been to this shop on four occasions now over the past 3 years. Overall, I like the shop. They seem honest and the repairs they've done on my car (replacing a water pump & thermostat) have been handled well and I didn't have additional problems. They ain't cheap though, that's for sure! $350 for water pump replacement and $500 to replace my thermostat and radiator hoses. And that's for a Chevy. I like that they offer free transport from their shop back to your home. 2 of the 3 times my car was in their shop, they did call me later in the day to tell me the status of my car, and my car was fixed by the end of the day all 3 occasions. They did forget to do an oil change one time when I asked them to do this while my car was in the shop for the water pump replacement and there was another occasion where I asked them to install a tail pipe on my car which at first they said they could do, but then later called me and said they couldn't do after I had dropped the car off and left to return to my home. That cost me a taxi ride and about 2 hours of my Saturday morning for nothing. But as I said overall I like the shop. Prices are a bit high, but the quality seems good. Last updated May, 2011
1	Hm, I sort of feel bad giving these guys such a low rating since they were rated so highly by the other reviewers. But honestly, I can't say I had a good experience there.I went to these guys based on a personal referral from a friend and b/c of the positive Yelp reviews.  I should have known better, since there were only 3 reviews, and my friend was new to Phoenix and went here because it was close to her home.Anyways, I have an older car and the check engine light came on.  I made an appointment, and when I show up, these guys wanted to charge me $98 to just diagnose the problem!!  I mean, most other shops do it for $20 or for free.  At that point, I didn't have much choice because I had already made elaborate arrangements for a friend to pick me up and I was getting worried about the check engine light.Long story short, they wanted to charge me a total of $750+ for repairs, labor, and parts.  I think their labor costs are way overpriced because I looked at what they wanted to charge for parts and it seemed more or less reasonable.  I buckled at the amount (mostly because I didn't have the cash) and because I wanted to get a second opinion after I learned that the check engine light costs $98 to check out. (I've since been to a Midas by my house who diagnosed the Check Engine light for FREE. And I've seen other places that do it for $20...still a chunk of cash compared to FREE but measly change compared to $98). Not knowing where to find a reliable mechanic for a second opinion, I took it to the dealership. I know that dealers usually charge higher prices that shops, so I was prepared for the worst.  But at least I wanted to know if the repairs suggested by Kelly Clark were legitimately needed.  Well, it turns out the repairs were really needed, but the shocker came when they quoted me a price of $550 for repair, parts, and labor.   That's a $200 price difference!!!!!  And I got the quote from a dealership too, who I know is probably charging more than normal. Bottom line: Kelly Clark quoted me $750+ for repairs that my dealership did for $550.
1	I read a review of how great they were. I took my truck there. EEKS, me thinks never again! I had an 8 am appointment for an oil change and head light problem. I waited for 2 hours and they didn't address the initial problem (the head light) until I reminded them at the time of payment. I clearly explained that I received a citation for having a head light out and I needed that looked at first. They reconnected the wire that had shaken loose and were shady in writing it on the receipt. I asked the guy to clarify on the receipt what was done and he blew me off by saying, we didn't do a repair. He refused to make that clarification on the receipt. This caused a problem when I went to the Paradise Valley court to prove I had the head light problem corrected. They are extremely overpriced and don't care about the customer.
5	Quick service and honest
4	I feel I have finally found the neighborhood mechanic. Clean, trustworthy and on time. I have even recommended this shop to my family and they also had a good experience. I appreciate the straightforward simple language about what my car needs. Many shops make me feel like they are trying to take advantage of a girl who is not mechanically inclined in any way. I needed a shop I could trust and here it is!
5	We've trusted our cars to Kelly Clark for well over 8 years now.  My husband's then- employer took all their fleet cars to Kelly Clark and they always kept even the old war horses running strong.  Friendly service, clean premises, quick estimates, rides to home or office, and fair dealing.
5	I came here today because I was on the 51 freeway and the front factory plastic ground effects under the front bumper finally broke off and was dragging on the freeway.  I pulled off and remember these guys being here years ago so I came in to see if they can pull it off completely for me real quick...otherwise I would keep driving to find another shop, ha ha.  Anyhow the guy at the counter took a whole 5 minutes to take care of me and did not even charge!!!  I tipped him $20 for the help since I would have gladly paid what ever they wanted since I was in a rush to an appointment.  These guys were GREAT!!!!
5	THIS is the place to go for honest automotive work. I have been coming here since 2007 for oil changes, car battery, emissions and other various work over the years. I have referred two friends to this shop and both have thanked me profusely for doing so. I cannot recommend this place enough. This is the real deal and they will not give you the run around.
