5	Having just moved back into this area after being away for about 15 years, I didn't know where to go for a good meal. On my wife's birthday, I sent a BBM message to 5 friends in Dollard and asked for a great, reasonably priced restaurant in the area. We had a babysitter for 2 hours and I wanted to treat my wife to a great birthday meal. Within 5 minutes, 3 of my friends answered "Riccardo's on St. John's!" The decision was made. We arrived to a restaurant with true Italian family charm and a romantic setting. I don't know if this is a family restaurant, but it feels like one. I saw a very appealing risotto dish on the menu (Shrimp Limoncello) and I called over the waiter. I introduced myself as a risotto snob. If their risotto isn't good enough for a risotto snob, please tell me now so we can avoid having to send a dish back. One waiter wasn't sure and, to his credit, he didn't lie to me. He went to check with a colleague who jumped and proclaimed their risotto excellent. I trusted her and ordered the dish. The verdict: absolutely amazing. The shrimp were cooked perfectly, the risotto was incredible, and the sauce was lick-your-plate-clean amazing - and I did. Every last drop. I couldn't get enough.My wife had a pasta dish and she was very impressed. The pasta was excellent and the sauce was better. Everything looked and tasted fresh and we were more than pleased. We will be back often! Already looking forward to my next visit. On the West Island, Riccardo's is the place to feel at home, Italian-style. Yum!
5	Went back to Riccardos the other night and they proved that my first experience was no fluke. Everything was cooked perfectly. Loved it. I can still taste it. (Yes, I have brushed since..) Just go.
4	Went back to Riccardo's a few times since my last review. Still enjoyed very much, but I must remove a star. There are still 4 big ones.The food is very tasty (only had one exception) but the presentation is boring  and the food doesn't look nearly as appetizing as it tastes. As for dessert, I found the molten chocolate cake lacking and uninspired. Try something different.Still really enjoy Riccardo's, but my last few experiences do not live up to the first 2 that inspired my initial raving.
4	Love this place! The food is amazing, we were very impressed. And finally a place that makes an Arrabiata that is actually spicy :) Thumbs way up!
5	Though the restaurant is tucked away in the more residential part of St. Jean's, there's nothing low key about the food being prepared at Riccardo's. Recipes perfected over time in nonna's kitchen - something that's way too hard to find in the West IslandPROs- Homemade options are LEGIT (restos too often jerk you around with "homemade" pastas)- Nice decor (newly renovated to make the small location feel roomier)- My pizza was super tasty without being greasy. Stuffed myself silly- Pricing is fair considering the food qualityCONs- I waited a bit more than I would've liked but considering it was peak hours, resto was packed & everything else was perfect, I've forgiven it for the overall scoreNotes:- Awesome place for an intimate date- Dining at the bar seemed like a nice option for people dining alone or in a hurry
5	Working in the West Island doesn't have many perks. Riccardos is one of the few perks that St. Jean has to offer. I've been going here for about 6 years and I must stay I love everything about it.They recently renovated making the small area appear and feel larger but they haven't lost their family style touch. The waiters and waitresses treat you like family, the food is home made and cooked to order.You can't go wrong here. My only complaint about this location is that the bread is always served warm and paired with really cold butter. You just can't do that. Room temperature butter would be a better option...but if that is your biggest complaint then I guess this place comes up on top!
4	I ordered Pizza and it was very good, my friends ordered pasta and they were very satisfied. customer service was good and price reasonable $14 for a classic pizza.
