5	I took my youngest son here at 6AM a few days ago. He had been running a fever all night and would not stop crying. We got there and the tech at the front desk was checking in another child, but still took his time to look at me and ask me to fill in the sign-in sheet. He didn't take longer than 5 minutes on the other patient, took them back to a room and then came back out and it was our turn.He was very calm and tried to make my son laugh, even though he wasn't having any of it, but was very professional at the same time. He ran through his part of checking my son in. This hospital even provided diapers and wipes for the kids. I have never had a hospital do that for my son's. He took us back to our room and immediately a nurse came in. I wish I could have remembered all of these wonderful people's names, but it was so early in the morning and not having slept that night, my brain was not really working. All the nurses that came in to do what they needed to do in order to figure out what was wrong with my baby, were so kind, funny, caring, and gentle with him. The only time he cried was when they put a catheter in him, but i am sure it was because it was painful & not because of the nurses. I recommend anyone with children take them here. I was extremely satisfied with everything they did, said, and offered.
5	I have had the unfortunate pleasure of dealing with this hospital many times for all 3 of my girls. EVERY TIME they are wonderful, caring, knowledgeable and comforting. I do not trust anybody else and even at 2 in the morning I will make the 30 mile drive all the way from Waddell just to have my children seen here. I cam not stress enough what a great place this is. Many thanks to all the employees that work so hard to give us the care that you do!!!!
1	this place is misleading in what type of facility is. when you pull up there are 2 listings on the sign: mendy's place and children's emergency center. oh! they offer 2 types of care options....mendy's place for normal issues and children's emergency for....emergencies!! the listings point to same place so, ok, they must be housed in same area.  WRONG!!!! but....you don't know this until after your child is seen and they tell you the copay for an ER visit. they quote emtala as the reason for not telling you cost of services/co pay upon entry, even tho its clear your child is NOT suffering from an emergency situation. oh! and the receipt and paperwork you receive also does not reference an emergency facility....but it is. has been for 10 years, but if one's not been here before, how would one know?the signs are misleading, they hide behind emtala so they can see you and thus process larger claim. if you're looking for an urgent type facility, this is NOT it.
5	Unfortunately I've had to bring my boy here on several occasions including today and I just want to say they are so wonderful with my son, and with making me feel at ease. I love this place and just want to say thank you for taking such good care of us!
5	I had to take my son to Mendy's Place last week due to a gash he had above his eyes. We got checked in and were immediately seen by the nurse. We got in our room, they took his vitals, gave him stickers and turned on his favorite movie, Cars. They truly made him feel special and comfortable. The Dr came in and said he would need stitches so they numbed him up and within 20 minutes he was getting his stitches. The Dr even brought in an assistant to hold my son down while getting his stitches so that my husband or myself didn't have to be the bad guy. After the stitches were done and he was all cleaned up, he got to pick out  prize from the treasure chest. The nurses and Dr were wonderful. We had a great experience at Mendy's Place. We will definitely be back if we have another emergency!
