5	Yes, they are open.  And yes, they know how to cut hair properly and not irritate you with a bad haircut.  I am fond that they actually listen to you and seem to care about what you are saying.  I have dealt with too many that just blow me off and do what THEY want to do... and these guys aren't like that.I have also heard they carry ammonia free hair dye... so pregnant women... you can get your hair dyed here. :)
4	These ladies that I've seen here are genuinely interested in doing hair and doing hair well.  I've watched them with other customers, I've had them do my hair, and I've had them do whatever they wanted with my hair before and I was pretty satisfied, and I have short hair.I have a few rules about hair cuts and salons... this place did not violate any of them.One of my most important rules... I must not feel the urge to purchase my own pair of shears so I can cut off the parts the artist missed, like I had to do with another company here in the valley. (see a prior review of another place from a couple years ago)A nice touch... their hair dye does not have ammonia in it.  Pregnant women can get their hair dyed here! :D
5	No... I am not the manager/owner. lol Just a happy customer with my great cheap haircut.
5	Loved my haircut. Walked in and waited for just a minute. The stylist cut exactly like I wanted and I walked out paying 20 which included the tip.
1	If you have long hair and want to keep it, do yourself a favor and pay the extra money for a good quality hair cut. I had my hair butchered here yesterday by a Fantastic Sam's stylist and I walked out looking like a lopsided freak. If only I had taken a picture before having it fixed elsewhere today because you really had to see it to believe it. I explained very clearly what I wanted to the stylist, which was barely more than a simple trim. If the stylist wasn't comfortable with cutting long hair she should have called over someone else at that time or had me wait. She clearly is not ready to be cutting hair and she should never be allowed to touch thinning shears, especially on someone with already thin hair. My hair is so thin on one side that I part my hair on the side so that I can even out my hair. Now I have half as much hair in the front because for some reason she felt she needed to chop half the hair off several times with thinning shears all the way down to the ends. You can see the chop lines through my thin hair. I also discussed not liking bangs, so fortunately she only gave me bangs on the left side of my head. The right side has no bangs and what hair is left on that side is choppy because of the thinning shears.It will be years before my hair recovers from this disaster because it's down to my waist. Unfortunately the damage was more than the stylist I went to today could fix, but he did even it out as much as possible. I will spend the next several years growing out the unattractive and unnecessary chop marks from the thinning shears. My hair only grows 1/6 of an inch per month even with biotin.A woman's hair is her identity and I feel like I have been seriously violated. I would rather have a root canal any day than a bad hair cut that takes years to recover from both physically and mentally. I hope this review helps someone to avoid the same painful mistake I made. I should have asked questions like: How long have you been out of beauty school? How much experience do you have with long hair? Do you feel comfortable trimming long hair knowing the client's hair grows slower than most and the client will be crying herself to sleep and again each time she passes a mirror? It has only been one day since I was violated, only 1094 more days to go before I can hopefully put this nightmare behind me.
5	Fast, good price, Jessica Rocks!  She is great to chat with and is very talented!
5	Went here last minute right before my honeymoon, was in a hurry... They got me right in... Michelle cut my hair... She cut it exactly how I wanted and did an amazing job... The front desk clerk was very nice... Will definately come back!!!! Price was outstanding for the service I got!!!!
1	I've been going to this salon for years and never had an issue with my hair being TRIMMED like I ask them.  That's until I went this past Saturday. I specifically asked Michelle to trim or dust my ends because I've been growing my hair forever. My hair was almost to my bra strap or halfway down my back. When I left with hair barely is a few inches below my neck. Talk about a setback. I told her that and was highly upset. Michelle insisted she only cut an inch....well that would be great if I hadn't TOLD her I only needed a dusting of my ends. I go religiously to get my ends trimmed every 3 months just so I wouldn't need 3-4 inches. cut. I won't be going back here. I'll find one person who knows the definition of a trim. If you want to keep your hair don't go see Michelle for sure.
