4	This is a nice clean cut Polish deli (more like a supermarket) that's stocks everything you expect. But best thing about this place is not for the faint hearted, or faint anything really.Pure Polish spirits.Polish vodka is like paint stripper in a bottle. It burns so god damn good and will leave you with the worst hangover/coma you've ever had. Even the cheapest bottle, which is about the same price as Glens, its wonderful. You don't just get drunk, your mind goes somewhere else!Why spend 30 quid getting drunk when you can spend a fraction of that being physically transported to the land of bunnys?
4	Ironically for a city that holds one of the world's most famous international festivals, Edinburgh is probably the least multicultural city I've ever seen in terms of it's residents. Almost everyone is white, and most are middle aged and or / middle class. Having stumbled upon Deli Polonia on the fantastic Leith Walk however, as well as a few other ethnic outposts in various parts of the city, I'm glad to say that things might be getting a bit more diverse in Scotland's capital.With a focus on paprika and pickling, I must say that I do quite enjoy Eastern European food even if I'm no expert on it. If you're from the other side of the Iron Curtain  and are looking for something to remind yourself of home, then this vast, modern grocery should be a good place to start.
4	It's refreshing to take a stroll down Leith Walk and see this shiny new alternative to the various British greasy spoons and bland newsagents on offer.Selling only the best Eastern European delicacies, Deli Polonia stock various jars, seasonings and cheeses from the Poles. But undoubtedly, the meat counter is enough to wow any carnivore who may fall under its spell.As Gavin said, for a city that prides its reputation on hosting various colourful multicultural festivals, certain areas are pretty barren for the remainder of the year. It's nice to see this side of Leith Walk now housing a number of Polish businesses, including a book shop! Very resourceful for locals as much as it is for Polish people who have moved here.You can't beat a bit of Polish sausage.
4	Ok, so the majority of this review is going to be about the awesome Polish vodka - but lets look at the actual deli first, because thats what Deli Polania is really.There is a huge selection of everything you would expect - fresh meats, cheeses and various other bits and bobs that will have your mouth watering by the time you have been told what it is in a heavy polish accent buy the majorly cool and friendly staff.Ok, enough of that. Lets talk about the vodka. Wow. It's amazing - vodka is normally my spirit of choice, and what a choice this deli offers. It ranges from what I assume to be the polish equivalent of Glens right through to the Russian Tzar's personal stash - and guess what? It's all pretty cheap and there is loads of it!! Excellent. But listen to my warning - Polish vodka is like nothing you can get in this country normally - it will literally blow your mind and if you arent careful, you will have the worst hangover ever - something which I found out the hard way. Enjoy responsibly :P
3	Deli Polonia is probably the largest Polish delicatessen in Edinburgh, particularly since it's been recently extended  to now include a cafe area.  The deli side of the business is compact, with the shelves stocked with a large variety of Polish sauces and the like, along with a lot of cheese and meat products.  The aroma inside was not as pleasing as the Chinese supermarket down the road, but still a large selection of things on offer.  There's a large Polish population in Edinburgh, and they will be well served by what Deli Polonia has to offer.There's also now a cafe side to the business, since it's been recently extended in the past few months.  This is one of the best Polish stockists in the Leith area - essential if you're looking for something Eastern European to eat.
4	This year has a been a year of discovery for me. In the same time that I have discovered Leith isnt actually the dark side of the moon the same has happened for me with Poland. My new job has taken me to Krakow for 2 weeks so far and another 3 weeks to come as of Monday. What I found in Krakow was a cafe culture that naturally lends itself to smorgasbord tendencies. A blend of German, Czech, Russian and I guess Polish cuisines combine and create some great produce. A huge amount of it is smoked or pickled given Krakow's distance from the sea but I love it. So on returning from my first trip to Krakow and now being a Leith resident I was aware of Deli Polonia but had never though to visit it. What I found is a vibrant business fully of great fresh bread, meats, cheeses and various other Polish produce. Truly superb and a must for Leithers. Jd = happy man!!
