3	Rush could easily be a four star lounge in Vegas, but they really do not know what they are about ..... right now.Their decor and setting is super.The lounge is located off the casino floor in the Golden Nugget.They have a really good band playing - the Frankie Moreno Band.This band has a great sound and they work hardThey are wasted by this lounge for the most part.The lounge has a nice circular bar, a set of tables to one side, an area of cushions that could be set up for bottle service on the other..Then - on the opposite side of the room they have black jack tables set up..... and - A couple of guys actually playing ???That is a bit much - all people have to do is got 50 feet into the casino area to play table games.I find them really out of place as couples are dancing and the band is cranking out an amzing sound.Rush - decide what you really want to be and go for it. This lounge does not have tp have a little of everything for everyone to be really great.Dance and party in here ...... play table games out there -to me ... they don't mix............ however -the lounge sports a supurb band -     Enjoy
4	Nice atmosphere... great staff... awesome entertainment. Great classy place to grab a drink.
3	My friends and I came here on Saturday night to check out the Frankie Moreno Band. This lounge is fairly small, but they have very cool seating areas. Our service was friendly and prompt and the band was rockin the house! Drinks were strong (and plentiful!) We probably would not have know this lounge existed if we had not been invited by friends to view the band there. Now that I know about this place we will probably come back when we are downtown entertaining friends. If this was a review of the band alone it would be 5 starts. Rush Lounge is VERY lucky to have such amazing talent playing at their venue. The Frankie Moreno Band is like non other. SUCH TALENT! Can't wait to come back and see them at Rush Lounge again.
4	This is almost a hidden gem located inside the Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino. It's a great place to chill out, grab something to drink, and just sort of hang out and plan your evening. It's closed during the day but opens up at 5 pm. Around 8 pm (or whenever the game is over) they usually have free live music, including some excellent jazz. The TVs are still on and surround the top portion of the bar. What I have found a little awkward though is that these are nearly impossible to see if you're actually sitting at the bar. You'd have to lean so far back in your chair that you'd likely fall backwards. Talk about falling off your barstool! Imagine explaining that one when you get back home.There are also nice tables and couches surrounding the area if you'd like to sit there. And then you can see the TVs. And of course you can enjoy the excellent music in both areas. And I should mention there are Blackjack tables in here as well. So if you really want to multitask, grab a drink, play Blackjack, listen to live music, and watch TV. All at once.Don't forget to tip the musicians and have them play a request for you. Just as a tradition, I always get them to play a Lionel Ritchie song for me. One time the sax player said he didn't know a Lionel Ritchie song so he'd play one from the Commodores (before Lionel went solo). Talk about improvisation! Love this place.
4	Bartender has a long pour and the service is excellent. comfortable seating and the sax was great. I will definitely be back.
3	The bartender wasn't very friendly (this was 10:00pm, Thursday Oct 4).  Not that he was mean, but just wasn't very welcoming.  It also took a long time for him to ask me for a second drink.  I had to keep looking at him to get his attention, and it's not like the lounge was busy.The musical act was good though, the ambience was demure.  The noise level was low to moderate.  I'd go back.
5	Love love love this place... Fun environment. Great love fun music!!! Hidden gem! Rock this town rocked the night!!!
5	I am a Las Vegas local and do stay vacations several times a year the lounge singers Elisa and Dave are a blast to be around and really add color and vibe to the atmosphere and always know the latest great songs from past and contemporary artists and will always take your favorite requests. A good time will always be had by all and will keep you coming back again and again. That's local Las Vegas!!!
5	This is a bar inside the Golden Nugget casino. We arrived right after a band finished and before a new one began playing. It's a very small bar, so if there's music, it's loud.But we weren't there for music. Kudos to Boris the bartender. I asked him to surprise me and expected him to make me an existing drink. But no. He asked if  I wanted sweet or dry and if I preferred vodka or tequila. Then he INVENTED a drink for me! It had tequila, pineapple juice, lime, and blue curacao (I'm probably forgetting something). It was yummy and as strong as 3 drinks-- no joke. My husband had a rum and coke and his was also very strong.
5	A real Hidden Diamond show in the legendary Golden Nugget.  Checked out Ray Jon and Lorena Peril last Friday night at Rush Lounge. From Ray Jon's excellent guitar to Lorena's awesome singing range, this sociable entertaining duo are well worth a visit or more in your trip to Vegas.  The night I was there, they had a guest third vocalist and she had a very strong voice range as well.  Do yourself a favour and check out Ray Jon and Lorena Peril and have a entertaining night at the Rush Lounge in the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street Las Vegas!
5	SUNDAY NIGHT FUNI swung on in here while walking back to my room. I couldn't resist because of the lively country music that was coming out of this lounge. Vegas is full of entertainers and the band on this stage did not disappoint. It was a country band and they were playing very lively tunes. It probably helped that there was a girls weekend birthday party and they were all sporting wigs. The main guy on guitar was flirting away with them even doing a funny version of happy birthday. He was really working the ladies. I didn't stick around long enough to see if he scored. The rest of the band consisted of a drummer who did some great vocals. Look out Phil Collins this guy can sing. A lady on piano who was very talented with amazing vocals. I did find it weird that she was playing piano with a pair of red gloves on. I'm not sure why but she didn't miss a note. I really loved the fiddle guy but the stage was so small he had to stand near a blackjack table. Yes there are three gambling tables inside this tiny little lounge. You can not get away from gaming at this casino. So if your looking for a place to see some live music then I highly recommend this place. You will be kicking back and throwing your boots in the air not realizing it is way past your bed time. Nobody really sleeps in Vegas! Do they?
