3	I can't believe no one has reviewed this place yet. It's open 24hours, well at least in the summer, and you get all the Asian yens satisfied here. They have full plates for Vietnamese cravings, like beef or chicken brochette on rice noodles and a spring roll. The case is full of Oriental Delights, General Tao, fried rice, WonTon soup, stir fry, and veggie alternatives. If you want bubble tea, they've got em all, melon, black tea, green tea and fruit flavors. They do have fridges and fridges of pop, chinese style sodas, and beer. Sushi is also to go in a display case or fresh at the sushi bar. It's at reasonable price and close to the metro too.
2	I have to say that this is very close to the worst sushi I have had in my life
5	I can only speak for delivery since I only order from this restaurant and never actually been there in person. I looove their sushis! they are fresh diversified and yummy! the delivery is always quick and there are no mistakes. The prices are also pretty good and reasonable.
3	This place is mediocre but predictable. The Banh Mi are good for a next-day lunch but the baguette is always a bit chewy. Honestly, this place would be two stars if it wasn't for the fact that it's open 24 hours. A great place to get some drunk food on the way home from a bar - not for a "real" meal. That said, it's one of the only places that I know of in Montreal that sells Oregon Chai concentrate. At the same time, it's 10 bucks a carton, so buyer beware.
1	By far the WORST service I have ever had. My boyfriend and I ordered The "dinner for two" special, which on the menu says it comes with a variety of different rolls. NOWHERE on the menu does it say that it is the "chef's selection" of rolls, nor does it indicate what type of sushi it might come with. So, being a normal non-idiotic person, I fairly assumed that I could make a selection of which rolls I would like, as is the standard on all menus ever written.I made my selection, the guy taking my order was super pleasant, he repeated the order back to me in the exact way I ordered, I gave him my credit card number, and the food was on its way. It arrives and the total is double what it was supposed to be. I told him it was wrong, I went over the order with the delivery guy, AGAIN, everything seemed to be understood, he left with half the food and gave us the other half. We sit down, open the bag, and he had left us with the half that we DIDN'T order. On top of which, ALL of it was that shitty crab stick crap or some other cheap rolls, and I am a vegetarian, so naturally couldn't eat a single piece of it. I try and run out to catch him but he had already left. I call the restaurant, tell the guy the situation, already sort of annoyed because of all the mistakes, and he says that for the dinner for two special, the selection is made by the chef. I tell him that it says this NOWHERE on the "combo" area of the menu. Literally nowhere. Granted there was a tiny photo next to it, which maybe COULD have suggested that it comes with what is in the photo (even though no names of particular sushi styles were indicated), but what was in the box was not even CLOSE to the photo.The guy tells me that the manager will call me back in ten minutes. Almost twenty minutes later, no call. I call again. They put me on hold, finally the manager comes on the phone. I tell him the situation, and all he can do is yell and repeat to me that I ordered the special dinner for two, which is the chefs selection. I told him that his menu is so misleading, as were his staff.I also kept TRYING to tell him that I understand that the special is the chef's choice, but that I had ordered my meal in such a clear and precise way that I don't understand: a. how any mistake could have possibly been made if the special were to in fact entail some sort of choice on my part, and b. why the person taking my order, and the guy at the door, completely failed to clarify this ambiguity and still leave me with the wrong food after all the hassle. All he could do is repeat over and over and over that the special was the chefs choice. Obviously I understood this point, because I am not a complete moron and we were speaking the same language. He refused to give me a discount, let alone a full refund, actually ended up charging me five dollars MORE, and I was left waiting another half hour at least to get my food returned, with barely fifteen minutes to spare before I had to leave for work. By the way I am a server, and have been working in the restaurant industry for years, and in the past had exactly the take-out phone server's job at the BUSIEST take-out restaurant in toronto. All in all terrible service, full through. Total effing idiots. I hate it.
