4	a good place to meet up... you'll never know which wordly sport will be on teevee... although I did stop by during the world cup... no kitchen... at the same time they've got togo menus from several nearby establishments that'll bring you your food... it may seem crowded... never busy... a nice selection of beers... could upgrade on the liquors... all in all a good place to meet up... have a drink or two... catch a game...
4	I think the French Quarter is such an under-appreciated section of Uptown Charlotte. Nestled away is this little European style pub where the beer selection is vast and you'll always have someone to watch soccer (football) with! While they don't serve food I believe on weekend mornings they will order Eggheads (next door) and have it delivered to you- talk about service!They also have comedy shows (think open-mic night style) on Tuesdays. The website says 8 but the show tends to start when there is a crowd -so last night for example it didn't start until 9:15. While it is not of a professional caliber and some comedians are better than others, it's free and fun so what more could you ask for?Hooligans is not a girls night-out  type of place. It's more watch the game or grab a beer after work Prices are reasonable and service is personable- check it out !
4	A tiny bar that's perfect for the soccer fan.  This bar has dedicated itself to "football" and it's hooligan fans.  The beer selection is very limited but who cares!!
5	I discovered this tiny pub while trying to find a place to watch the Arsenal matches after Big Ben's burnt down and I've been coming back for as many matches as I can ever since.  They open at 7:30 for early Saturday & Sunday matches and have all the football channels so you'll never miss a game.  The owners and bartenders are always friendly and you always leave the pub having met someone new.  You can order from Eggheads in the morning and Picasso's at night so not having a kitchen isn't a big deal.  They also have a mug club so you get a much larger beer for the same price as a regular beer.  Plus you get your mug engraved with whatever you want on it :)
5	After a year and a half of weekly (OK, three or four times weekly) patronage its certainly time for a review.  Why so take so long to write a review you may ask?  Well, I'll tell you; its my lack of sufficient vocabulary to heap the necessary praise on the establishment, owners and fellow patrons.  The atmosphere, from the handmade bar (one of the owners also does home remodeling), the exposed early 1900's brick walls and the upstairs lounge are all extremely  inviting.  The 16 craft beer taps downstairs and 8 NC craft beer taps upstairs keep me coming back to see what's available.  And the owners, Mark and Kristian, get to know all the regulars personally.  They know what I want usually before I do!If you're looking for European football (and as of this writing 6 Nations Rugby) this is the only place to be.  They're open for 7 am FA Cup kickoffs on weekends and for 2:30 Champions League matches during the week.  If the NFL is more your type of football they have NFL Sunday ticket running on the 5 downstairs TVs.  And being just 2 or 3 blocks from BoA Stadium is a great pregame spot as well.  No matter who you support you'll find kindred spirits here.No doubt if I could give 6 stars I would.  And with future plans for Brevard Court in the near future from the owners, the whole area will be THE place to be in the near future.
4	cool dive/brittish pub in downtown.  friendly staff, decent prices and cool atmosphere.  i would give it 5, but i hate soccer and it is ALWAYS on in here.
5	Kristian and Mark, my review of your bar is long overdue, but I've just begun to buy into the idea of social media so forgive me.  Hooligans is my favorite bar in Charlotte and I've been drinking there for nearly as long as they've been open.  Kristian, Mark, Jay and Barry know the regulars (and there's a lot of them) by name and the regulars become friends.  Most are still friends on match days even if their teams are playing one another.  This bar is not for you if you're looking for the latest drink ending in -tini.  This bar is not for you if you want to listen to dance music.  Guys, this bar is definitely not for you if you're trying to pick up a woman!  This bar is not for you if you expect to constantly see the Yankees games.  If you're looking for a great bar to enjoy good company and drink a beer, Hooligans is for you.  And if you have any interest in "soccer" this is definitely the place for you.  It gets rowdy on match day, even if match time is 8:30 on a Sunday morning.
5	My favourite uptown bar.  Some of the reviewers have missed the point:  it IS MEANT TO BE a gathering place for hard-core soccer/football/futbol/fussball/voetbal fans!  We're loud, we're partisan, we're involved--and if you're not, DON"T GO THERE!  That's like spending the evening at "Uptown Cabaret" if you're offended by nearly naked women!The beer list is as large as it needs to be; Christian and Mark are friendly, are very capable owners/bartenders and are very knowledgeable about the game!  For a soccer fan--what more is there?
5	Hands down, Hooligans is my favorite place downtown.  It's a friendly place where I am constantly meeting great new people.   My favorite story is from last spring.  I was waiting for some colleagues to meet me there late on a Sunday evening, and got to know some patrons in town for the race from Ohio.  I asked them if they were fans of the Tolledo Walleye (an ECHL hockey team with a hilarious cartoon logo of a fish, missing teeth, and a hockey stick).  They said not only did they know the team well, they would send me a tshirt, which they did, about a week later.  I can't think of another place in Charlotte where this kind of thing happens.But enough about that.... the beer is fantastic.  Pints of Guinness poured as they should be, at the proper temperature.  There's a pretty good selection there, too, with 16 taps and not many more stools than that in the whole place. I have brought dozens and dozens of friends and colleagues, and even my parents whenever they are in town.  I can't say enough great things about Hooligans!AND AND AND they have the NHL Center Ice package, so there is no better place in Charlotte to watch hockey.Kristian and Mark are fun, kind, and fantastic business owners who have a really fantastic thing going.
2	As the men have stated, this is a "guy's bar". It's a small place with a dive bar feel.I was here for a friend of a friend's party and wasn't terrible impressed. Maybe it was a reflection of the party and not necessarily the bar's atmosphere, but a bunch of the guys were obviously over-served. One guy dropped his pants and danced around in boxers only. Another (not with the party, just a random patron) tried to start a fight for no reason with one of the people I had come to the bar with. Rowdy crowd, huh?Really felt uncomfortable leaving the place at the end of the night (like the guys that earlier tried to start a fight would be loitering out back), so I guess it's not the place for me. Not sure I'll be back to give it a second chance.
4	Hooligans is a super chill pub tucked away in the "French Quarter."  First, let me say how unique this little nook is!  It almost feels like I'm not in Charlotte anymore when I step foot on the cobble stone pathway which is lined by small shops, cozy restaurants and fun bars!  Hooligans is located directly off the entryway, and customers can find spots both inside and outside.  During nice weather, sitting outside is a must.  Worried about missing a game if you're outside?  No need, there is a flat screen TV on the patio!  Shazam!  If you decide to move indoors, be prepared to bump elbows; but when I'm at this particular bar,  I just think of it as a new way of making friends.  The only downfall is the bathroom situation.  They are single stall restrooms so you might need to wait before you break the seal ;)
5	And my favorite bar in Charlotte has gotten even better.  LOCAL craft beers keep showing up, and I love it.  They've recently started carrying beer from some of my very favorite North Carolina breweries, including a brown ale by Birdsong in the near by North Davidson neighborhood, and a Catawba Valley ale, from Morganton.  Other than in Asheville and at beer festivals, I'd never gotten the chance to have a Catawba Valley, so I love that I can find it in my backyard now.Way to go, Hooligans, for keeping the local brews flowing!
4	Soccer bar with decent beer that shares a kitchen with the fairly tasty Valhalla. Def a different vibe from Valhalla but the menu is diverse enough that it all works.
5	Futbol and beer: two of my favorite things, both of which come in great supply at the Courtyard Hooligans. Bring your team's favorite kit - scarves always welcome - and a thirst for imported and local beer, and enjoy a match, any match, whether it's EPL or Champions League or MLS. Do it.I pretty much lived here during the 2010 World Cup. Remember that match when the US "beat" England, 1-1? Yeah, imagine at least 500 people crammed into an air conditioned-less dive, a place so small the CFD would have had a shit fit over the max capacity violation...yeah, it's that kind of spot.CH is also the hangout for the QC Outlaws, the local chapter of the American Outlaws, the REAL supporters' army of the USMNT. Any joker that tells you Sam's Army is where it's at is probably just a clueless soccer mom that can tell you the only thing she knows about soccer is David Beckham, but couldn't possibly tell you what teams he played for. When the QC Outlaws convened here for the USA matches during the WC 2010, they chanted as if they were in the stands at Johannesburg, but they saved their best and most foul-mouthed chants not for England or Algeria, but for Mexico, whom they weren't even playing. See, we USA supports HATE, HATE, HATE the Mexican national team. Look, we love Mexico (I'd live there, no joke: Baja California? Oh hell yeah), we love their people, we love their food, their cerveza (Victoria!) and we love their culture, but the Mexican MNT, and their piss-and-shit-tossing fans (no, seriously: stories of Mexican fans pelting American Outlaws at the Azteca with ziploc bags of piss are legend) can all go fucking die in a plane crash, and the ones who survive should be forced to eat one another. Except for Chicharito. He better make sure he missed that flight. That pint-sized, baby-faced assassin is the shizz, and if he were to die, that would totally fuck things up for my beloved Manchester United. I mean, look, I love Wayne Rooney, but with his Hulk-sizedanger management issues and his rickety legs, how much can we really lean on the dude? That's why we need Chicharito.But I digress.You'll always catch a match here, anytime. For me, the perfect place to enjoy a beer and talk shit to Chelsea fans.
4	Who would have known?  This place has hidden from me for years and I recently was given a chance to check it out.  I was completely taken by surprise.Great taps on here, 24 total and the service was just as nice as the beer.  It's certainly a whole in the wall kind of place but it's also go that Cheers kinda vibe.  Kind of like a place where everyone is family.  I wouldn't mind coming back and just hanging out.
4	Going here to watch a US soccer game makes me want to be a better fan.i can't say the bar is anything special based on looks, although it is nicely decorated with soccer flags and what not. Inside is pretty small, sit at the bar or sit along the wall, not too much more than that. They do have quite a few tvs which makes it a good spot to watch the games although the 3 tvs behind the bar are so close together, my weak attention span would get sucked into the wrong tv playing something i wasn't watching in the middle. They also have a tv playing in the courtyard with some tables and chairs. Great environment to watch some soccer.
4	Small, cozy boozer whose ambiance is unapologetically centered around football (soccer). The night I was there, the owner walked in fresh off the pitch and still wearing shinguards. That's authenticity, folks.It's 12 feet wide with 20 taps and plenty of spirit. Come willing to watch, cheer, and talk sports with whoever sits down next to you. Great place in a great city.
5	Awesome place
5	Friendly soccer focused bar. Great for chat and an interesting craft beer selection. Just stop in to catch a game and enjoy the debate.
4	Found this little gem the other night as I found myself here on the more southern side of uptown. I really dig the layout and the small space. You definitely can't find this a lot of places. The special constraint itself makes it much more applicable to start up a few conversations with the fellow Hooligans, and believe me, that has ALWAYS been a treat. Been here twice now and I've been so fortunate to meet a few chill people.Beer selection is sound. Modestly priced. Specials revolving as usual on different days. Haven't tried food here yet, or seen a menu... so maybe they don't have it..? Lol. I don't know.Overall, great hangout spot for a low key night.
5	Best place to watch soccer in the QC. Period.
5	If your looking to catch a soccer (football) match this is the place to go.  Opens for the early Euro matches in the morning and stays open through for MLS matches.  Great beer and the place to watch if you support USMNT, UAWNT, or Evertonian this is the place for you.
5	This place is awesome!! Best soccer bar in town. As a true soccer fanatic, I appreciate business's  who are dedicated to soccer year round and not just every 4 years when it's World Cup time.They have a great beer selection and they even have an xbox in which you can play FIFA on -- A++ in my book.
5	If I lived in Charlotte, I'd probably spend a lot of time here. It's a small dive, but I mean that in the best way possible. The bartender, AJ, was friendly, as were the other people in the bar. A good selection of local craft beers and multiple televisions to watch football on. Get there early if it's for a big match!
