4	Met Rogue Toys owner Steve at a Hot Wheels convention this past year, then saw him again at the recent Amazing Las Vegas Comic Con where he had famous Toy Hunter Jordan Hembrough at his booth.  Dude's got lots of cool stuff.Finally managed to visit Rogue Toys new store on Rainbow since I never get to downtown.  According to Steve this store is a bit more spacious then the original.  I love my toys, but I'm more of a modern collector than a vintage one, which is what Rogue Toys specializes in.  Don't get me wrong, I'm an 80's kid - I had toys of all types when I was younger...Voltron, M.A.S.K., GI Joe, Masters of the Universe, Go-Bots, Transformers, Robotech, DC Super Powers, Star Wars...I had lots of em' and enjoyed them immensely.  I did with toys what was supposed to be done with them, PLAY WITH THEM!  But I'm just not into going back for nostalgia so while I love revisiting the toys of my youth and playing with them again at Rogue Toys, I'm not interested in paying an arm and a leg to get most of them back.  I guess I'm now in a mode where I just like my toys still MIMP or 'mint in mint packaging' for you non toy geeks.  I just love to display my toys now.  Some I do have out of the box, but many of my rarer pieces?  Still unopened.With that said, Rogue Toys is a nice mix of a store.  Some toys from this era, some toys from that era, a bunch of Lego stuff for the kiddies, and a massive collection of GI Joe and Star Wars toys.  Did you see that behemoth of a USS Flagg in there?  Enormous!  And complete as well.  Some of the Star Wars vintage stuff is a sight to behold too.  The spread is good with toys I still currently enjoy - Street Fighter, WWE, Marvel Universe, Marvel Legends, DC Universe, Funko, and some convention exclusives.  Only downer for me?  The prices are a tad on the high side.  I can find some of these convention pieces for better prices online, and will continue to do it that way.  You can try to haggle with Steve and he will budge a little bit if you're a regular, but the guy still has to make a small profit since he ain't in the retail business.  I bought a couple of things to help support the store but I just stop by usually to check out the old toys for kicks.  Rogue Toys is clean, organized well, and can take care of most of your toy needs.  Especially if you need Steve to find something obscure that you just haven't been able to get you hands on.  He has all kinds of contacts and will probably be able to hook you up with that toy you absolutely need from yester-year.  Just remember you might just have to pony up some greenbacks!
5	Went to the other toy shop in downtown and realized how friendly the staff was which prompted me to end up at this store.  I was looking for vintage Kenner Star Wars figures and easily found them--a whole bunch.  Staff was knowledgable and friendly.  Plenty of great toys to choose from from all generations and for both boys and girls.  Of all the toy shops in Vegas this was definitely better than the competitors, especially the one who only hangs on the fame of a reality t.v. show from the History channel.  (Went in to that store--at the recommendation of the guy who works at the Rogue Toys in Downtown to see if they could help complete my collection.  First that surprised me that he was referring me to competition, but once I went into that shop it was not the same feeling Rogue Toys left me with.) If you are undecided between Rogue and other options, save your time and just visit one of the Rogue shops, preferably this one because they do have more in stock.
