5	I had the best massage yesterday at The Right Touch Relaxation Spa.Not much of a 'spa' - no pool, Jacuzzi, or steam room - but it does have a peaceful calming ambiance and the massage rooms are roomy and nicely appointed. Traci was my massage therapist and she was amazing!  She started out with a Swedish massage interspersed with deep tissue and sports massage as needed.  She's accustomed to doing 90 min and 2 hr massages!  Strong and knows when go be gentle as well.I also had the Exfoli-Sea Salt Glow scrub (yes I needed the works yesterday!) with a mango something or other mixed in.  It was also very good.   I'm interested in purchasing a package of 10 at a discount.  Hopefully they can accomodate me.All treatments are priced comparable to the larger spa's.  The spa is in Phoenix on Indian School Road between 35th and 36th streets.Traci is available evenings and weekends.  http://www.therelaxationspa.com/
5	Love this place.  I've driven by there several times and have seen the facade change to its present "lovely & inviting" state. I walked in with no appointment and was greeted immediately.  Everyone there was so nice and pleasant.  I had a simple 1 hour massage and left feeling rejuvenated & relaxed.  My therapist was Kelly, she was very proffesional and gave me the very best massage I have EVER had! I was Amazed! She also explained of all the different scrubs and wraps they offer. I will be going back for one next month.  It's nice to have this simple yet elegant place in the neighborhood with such good energy. I love good business!
5	I had, hands down, the best massage ever, yesterday.  While it was recommended to me to see Kelly, and due to scheduling conflicts, I saw Traci and what a pleasant surprise it was!Great personality and I couldn't believe the difference between this massage and all the others I have received in the past at other places.  I came out really feeling like my muscles had been worked.
4	Very relaxing. One of the better massages I've had. Nothing to dislike about the inside of the facility or the quality of the staff. Well-worth the $60 for the hour (plus gratuity).Some things of note:You pay in advance, which isn't a big deal considering the service appears to be pretty good. Just different than I remembered in other places.Parking appears to be a premium front and rear. If you park in back make sure you're good with using your mirrors.Yes, I plan on returning.
4	I've only had a few professional massages in my life, but I can safely said the woman who massaged me did a good job. I got the Swedish massage and was very satisfied. I especially liked the part when the masseuse cradled my head in her hands and rolled it around in a number of directions. Besides a good massage, the staff was friendly and the place appeared to be clean
5	I was visiting Az and had a the pleasure of getting a massage from Traci. She was awesome made me feel comfortable and worked out some of the knots that have been bothering me. I just wish she was in  the bay area, but next time I'm in Arizona I will be back. The place was very clean and the gal at the front desk was very nice and welcoming.
5	I work just around the corner from this place so I go there fairly often recently. For my money, it is the best. Very reasonable rates and you don't have to mess with a membership, so I can go often when I can, but then may not go for months. I have seen 3 different massage therapists over the past year and all 3 have been fantastic. I don't even request a particular therapist because I know whoever is working will be be great. I prefer smaller, local businesses. I don't have anything against those large chains, but I'd rather go here. Have been going for a year and a half and have zero complaints. I often walk in since I work so close, but they do get busy so I would suggest calling for an appointment. There's no need to spend what the fancy spa's charge to get an incredible massage.
4	Very good deal for massage. Mine was $120 for 90-min therapeutic massage (medium-firm pressure), without tip. This massage place is located in a small house on E Indian School Road. Although the house looks rather small, inside the house, they actually have a few rooms that are quite peacefully decorated/quiet enough for you to relax. Nevertheless, it's not a luxurious spa by any means. More so of a place where you can get an excellent deal for quality massage.My therapist was Rochelle. She was courteous, consistently strong in pressure (which I like) and helpful in pointing out some of the stiff area I had and how to exercise to help stretch those muscles out post-massage. The owner was friendly and helpful. She even let me relax on the massage bed to wait for my therapist even though I arrived quite early ahead of my schedule, too.You may also need to call them ahead of time as they mentioned they could get busy on any day. I lucked out as I called last minute while in town on a biz trip and they were able to slot me in right away for a 90 min therapeutic massage just an hour after my call. I wish though that all therapists were trained for all types of massages because I would rather get a deep tissue massage (very deep, firm massage) over a medium-firm massage any day. Unfortunately, on the day that I called, they didn't have anyone who could do that type of massage for me.
5	Amazing, Amazing, Amazing!!  Finally, a massage place that gives great massages with a great experience.  I've been there twice now and both times, my massage was perfect.  It's located in a converted house on the south side of Indian School Rd., nice decorations and the people are all very friendly.  The massages are moderately priced so if you're looking for the deal of the century, go somewhere else, you get what you pay for here.  I've tried some of those deal places and the massages weren't great.  Here, GREAT massage at a great price.  I highly recommend.
5	Really excellent!  The name is a little strange, and the location isn't the best, but the atmosphere is great, and the people are super-friendly.  My wife got a massage here (and I waited in the calm, soothing lobby), and she was really well cared for.  We will be back again!
5	I woke up this morning feeling stiff and achy and really needed a massage.  I found this place on Yelp and decided to stop by and see if someone could squeeze me in.  My therapist was Rochelle who was super friendly and professional and she was able to see me right away.  My massage was amazing!  I was never a big fan of massage in the past as I always ended up paying $100+ for a resort or spa massage and thinking it wasn't all that great.  I finally found someone who really gave a thorough and relaxing full body massage.  The hot towels and streching techniques were an added touch that no one else had done before.  I feel so much better!  This was very reasonably priced for a full hour Swedish massage.  You don't need to go to a resort or fancy expensive spa for a great massage.  This is a cute little private place with a great ambiance.  I will definitely be back! :)
5	Great little place. A previous review says it's not luxurious, but what they meant I think is that it's not huge and spendy like other places around. It is a sweet, calm, quiet place and Traci got right down to business during my massage. Highly recommended.
5	If you're pregnant, or know someone who's pregnant, see Kelly for a prenatal massage right away! And if you're not pregnant or a man, see Kelly anyway! This is the best massage I've had, and here's why... Before the massage, Kelly explained how intense the massage would be, told me which areas she'd focus on, and she even demonstrated how to maneuver into and out of the pregnancy cushion. I appreciated that she took the time to make me comfortable, and I still got a full hour massage.I've had therapists use hot stones before and it was always underwhelming. They basically plunked them on my back, moved them around a bit, and that was it. I didn't even realize Kelly was using hot stones at first. I thought she had magic hand heating super powers. Turns out she just really knows how to use them rocks.I will be back as my belly (and aches) grow. I can't wait!!
5	I'm neurotic and stress myself out to the point of giving myself migraines. My neurosis also causes me to work out like a maniac. Tracy helps alleviate the symptoms of both conditions. She is amazing, kneading the knots out of my muscles and digging into the tension. She customizes and is always accommodating. When I'm there, I'm always relaxed and leave feeling refreshed and really...like I never want to leave :)
5	One of the best massages I've ever received! I saw all the positive reviews and had to see for myself... and YES, they are TRUE! Susie has strong hands and knows how to make you feel relaxed and leave de-stressed! She's been a masseuse for 17 years. I'm already thinking of when I could go back...if you are in town, must see Susie!Thank you for the rockin' massage!!
4	It's possible to get a great massage here.  But it isn't always easy.  On the massage side, I've had massages from all three therapists who presently work here.  One is my absolute favorite in town.  You can tell from the other reviews that the therapists here know what they're doing.The reason I gave four stars instead of five is because, logistically, I've had some frustrations getting appointments (calls not being returned, website booking glitches, etc.).  Once I showed up and the therapist was double-booked, so I was sent away.  Although I don't think the double-booking was her fault, she later sent an apology and did what she could to make it right (that was after I left a more heated review on here, so who knows if it would have happened otherwise . . . but I still appreciated the gesture).  If they can get the booking glitches ironed out I'll be a happy camper.
5	Called for a same day massage on a holiday wknd, and luckily Susie was able to accommodate me with a custom therapeutic massage.  My holiday travel caused me to have sore muscles - yelp did not steer me wrong - one of the best massages of my life!It was a cute facility and wonderfully relaxing massage, with super comfortable memory foam beds and warming neck pillows and eye pillows.  The prices were moderate.  I was very impressed.  I felt like I was in heaven.I immediately bought the next hour for my boyfriend to get a massage as well. I will definitely come back here the next time I am in Phoenix and recommend it to others!
4	I read the reviews and after my 23 miles of grand canyon hike, thought this might help me relax my legs. i saw a lot of positive comments on Susie and she was perfect. i had the best massage ever. i am already thinking about going there again.
