3	I have been waiting since Monday for the big opening, and finally made it over for lunch today.  They finally got their liquor license approved, so the taps will be flowing soon.  In terms of the space, they did a nice job renovating what used to be Table Restaurant . The decor is funky and open and fun with a ginormous mushroom in the middle of the room.   Since I was stopping in for a quick bite alone, I opted to eat at the bar.  I wanted  to order a slice (which was listed on the menu) and a small side salad, but they don't have the slices available yet. Major disappointment since I didn't want to order a 10 inch pizza.  So, I ended up getting a hogie instead. I had the jerk chicken, which is my favorite topping (along with pineapple) on pizza at MM. The jerk chicken hogie comes with pineapple, green peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach and I had them hold the mayo & onions.  The hogie was pretty good, except for the fact that my whole wheat bread was somewhat soggy.  When I got my tab, I was suprised to see that they charged $2.25 for a glass of soda water.  Wow, that's quite a mark up for carbonated water. (The girl who rang it up couldn't find soda water listed on the POS system, so she just entered it as a sprite... not what I would have expected, but oh well... next time I'll get a different beverage instead.) There were tons of employees milling around, but they seemed to be unfocused and a little unsure of themselves. I'll give them a break though since they just opened.  I think once they iron out the opening issues, I do expect that they will improve tremendously. I'll definitely be going back to check on their progress and sink my teeth into one of their delicious pies!
4	Standard fare Mellow Mushroom food.  No surprises there. Lots of ironic ink and bone tribal earrings.  Management is going to be working out the service kinks out for a while.  It's a bit "confused," but they just opened.  Seems likely they'll thin the herd of air headed Ballantyne high school hostesses.   Contrary to what they may say, you can get full menu at bar and the waits generally aren't as long as estimated for a table.Eat at the bar.  Clearly they grabbed a couple of experienced tender staff from other locations to hold down the fort.  Know their product, know their jobs.Food was good and came out quickly.  Given the location, seems reasonable the wait is always going to be 30+ minutes.  (yet another reason to eat at the bar with NO WAIT).Clearly isn't as cool as Asheville or Boone locations; yet, likely the highest percentage of interesting people per square yard in Ballantyne (solely due to staff).A bit of an oddity in BV. . .but a welcome change.
3	The last time I had Mellow Mushroom was when their Highland Creek location was still open.  The one on Selwyn is not convenient, so I was happy to hear a while ago that they would be opening in Ballantyne Village.  Most restauranteurs definitely get the demographics of Ballantyne wrong.  It's not the rich old people of South Park.  Restaurants like Table and Solara have closed while Moe's is always busy.  Ballantyne is a suburb within the city, complete with soccer moms and kids.  They want a place to take their kids, and MM fits the bill, as shown by most of its clientele.  Like a recent article I read about them said "Feed the kings and live like the masses.  Feed the masses and live like the kings."Anyway, onto the food and experience.  I knew they would be super busy on a Saturday night, so I called in a to go order.  I was not surprised to hear the wait would be 1 hours and that was accurate.  I got to the restaurant, found a parking space (few people realize there's tons of parking behind it), and walked into the crowd.  The set up is far from efficient with to go orders as well as people waiting to be seated all crowded into the same tiny area at the front.  Also, this is a good haul from the kitchen so there is a lot of disconnect about whose order is ready.  After waiting in line for about 5 minutes, then paying, I waited about another 5 minutes to get my pizza.  My wings had been sitting in a clear plastic container with 2 cups of blue cheese at the counter the whole time.  My pizza was relatively cold when it was handed to me.  When I got home, the pizza was correct, but there were a couple of  issues.  First, the slices weren't cut all the way through.  Second, i got half beef and half black olives on it, but beef ended up on all but 2 of the 8 slices.  The dough was nice and thick, which is what I have always loved about MM pizza.  There was a little too much sauce on the pizza but it was okay (we almost always ordered their white pizzas before but I wanted a regular pizza this time).  The wings.  Oh the wings.  Probably the worst I have had.  Ever.  Anywhere.  Tiny, baked, pres-sauced, and possibly even parbaked?  I hope not.  The blue cheese was runny after sitting in the container for who knows how long.  I realize this place is new and slam packed, but please don't short cuts.  The 3 stars is because the pizza was actually good despite the issues with it.  I'll have to go back when they settle down a bit to dine in and hopefully bump them up a star, but I'll never get wings from them again.
2	Poor planning and a staff that does not know what they are selling. My wife, son and I went on a Tuesday night and I ordered a beer and my wife ordered a glass of red wine.  The waitress returned and said that they were out of both. No explanation, no apology, nothing. I then ordered a water and my wife a different wine. The wine came this time but was less than 1/2 a glass and we know what we should have received. No complaint from us this time. We proceeded to order one 12" and one 14" pizzas. When they came out, we received two 12" pizzas so the waitress ordered another 12" instead of the 14" we ordered. Needless to say we were charged for three 12's........for their mistake. I had enough. If I return, it will have to be after I forget about this horrible experience.
3	My wife and I were waiting for the opening of this location. We lived in the area last year and were disappointed as restaurant after restaurant closed in the area. Now let me state up front that I have always been a Mellow Mushroom fan. From the days of the early MMs that went bust about 4 or 5 years ago, to the locations in Greenville and Atlanta. So, giving this location on 3 stars was not easy... because I really went in hoping I would be giving them 4 or 5.We went on a Wednesday night and as expected with most new popular restaurants, there was a long line. Our wait was supposed to be 25-30 minutes and turned out to be about 45. When we sat down, we waited almost 10 minutes for a waiter to show up. We had two children with us and ordered the PBJ and Mozzarella Meatballs for them. My wife and I ordered the Pizza. We all ordered sodas. The sodas for the kids did NOT come with lids. Now I'm not sure if YOU have ever gone to a restaurant with a two year old, but a drink with a straw and no lid is a recipe for disaster! One point lost there. The kids meals came out after about 20 minutes. Both came with apples and the meatballs came out just right... not too hot for those little fingers and mouth, but warm enough that the cheese was still melted. One point plus there.The problem was this, the Pizza didn't come until a full 25 minutes after the kids meals! They were done eating, the two year old was ready to hit the road and Mom and Dad were JUST starting to eat. Two points lost there!! The pizza was their special. Although it was good... it wasn't special. I couldn't say that there was anything special about it... just average. Hence my rating. At this point, I would say that the restaurant is NOT child friendly. And to be honest, it wouldn't take a lot to get them to a place where I could say the restaurant is child friendly. They need to work on that.The servers seem confused, at best. The people beside us waited 45 minutes for their Pizza.... and I thought that was a little long for a Pizza. So I wouldn't say no to going again... I will say that it will take me a while to go back. Hopefully they will work out the "kinks" by then.
2	**1/5/12 UPDATE ADDED AT END**After waiting a few weeks for the restaurant to find some internal rhythm, the wife and I went at 4pm on a Saturday to see if this would become a local site to be worked into our rotation.The place was very busy, but we did get seated right away. The first time we tried, we were told there would be a 60 min wait, and coming in the late weekend afternoon seemed like the best time to get in.The table they chose for us, though, was in some weird little section right adjacent to the kitchen; combined with the hard surfaces and odd angles of the area under the stairs, the noise was just horrible. We finally got moved to a table under the balcony, which was much better.The wife is on a gluten-free diet, so seeing that they offered a gluten-free pizza, there was much rejoicing in the land. Unfortunately, the pizza they served us wasn't a cause for celebration. It was what they termed a "Hawaiian" (red sauce, mozzarella, ham, pineapple), but aside from a lot of sauce, there were hardly any toppings on the pizza, most especially a lack of cheese.The pizza was for someone on a gluten-free diet, not someone who is lactose intolerant. It was a really, really weak offering. It also arrived to the table warm (certainly not hot), which suggested it had been lounging in the kitchen awaiting our server to bring it to us. Ultimately, a medium pizza, a small salad, a local beer and a diet Coke came to $36 with tip. On the one hand, not an outrageous sum, but on the other, far too much to pay for mediocrity, which is what we were presented today. For $20 we can get a frozen Bella Monica gluten-free pizza at Earth Faire which is superior in every way to what was served "fresh" todayI don't know if we will ever return--I suppose we will, assuming the tenor of the reviews here improves over what has been posted to date--but this was a massive disappointment on every conceivable level. Management would be well-served to shut the place down for a week and review staffing, training and procedures before claiming to be a professional restaurant.***1/5/12 SPECIAL BONUS UPDATE to include the oh-so-helpful comments from "Hot potcket T." (no, that's not a typo)"Sir you're an idiot for even taking that much time out of your day for that one particular comment. I see your pizza wasn't cut thoroughly but I would assume you know what a knife is!? Or maybe "the wife" could help you. I'm sure they would love your business and for you to come back but they would also love patience. They did open 2 weeks ago! And you obviously know NOTHING about the restaurant biz bc you can't just shut down a restaurant that's already open to train people, again! Please think before you speak."It is always impressive when someone, brave with equal parts righteousness and anonymity, rushes to call another person "an idiot" in a preamble to an error-filled message.1) I wrote nothing about how our pizza was cut. That was *another person's review*.2) I acknowledged in the opening paragraph that the restaurant recently opened. I would never pan a restaurant based upon an opening weekend. On the other hand, this is a formula restaurant and part of a local chain, so it isn't as if everything is unique to this Ballantyne location, and we didn't go in at a peak time, either. I've done my tour of duty in a pizza joint, too, and when the kitchen is run well, it is relatively easy to keep the customers happy and get the pies delivered without excessive wait times.3) The comment about shutting down for a week was such obvious hyperbole that it only makes sense that "Hot potcket T." was lost at sea. I think most everyone realizes that it isn't cost-effective to shut down a restaurant for a week to retrain unless Gordon Ramsay is doing the retraining and the TV show he's filming is covering the lost operating revenue. I was merely stated that the restaurant appeared so rough around the edges that it would benefit from a week offline just to get its house in order.4) Finally, the comment that Mellow Mushroom would appreciate "patience from me" is just bizarre; I didn't dictate when the restaurant was obligated to begin operations, so if it needed more time, then an internal decision was made to open regardless of readiness. Furthermore, nobody offered to cut me a deal on the pricing of our food if the restaurant felt it wasn't ready for prime time. If I'm paying full fare, I think as a customer I have a right to that restaurant's full level of service. Why am I supposed to cut it some slack if it's going to charge me the full price for what it acknowledges isn't it's best effort?If the Ballantyne Mellow Mushroom is truly run by professionals--that is to say, not by whiny twits like "Hot potcket T."--they they will take some of the comments from the *paying customers* here to heart and work to improve the restaurant.
2	Let me start out by saying that I really like Mellow Mushroom and have been to several of their other locations in other cities along with their location on Selwyn.  I live in the area so I couldn't wait for the opening!  I went for a late lunch/early dinner on what was supposed to be opening day only to be told they didn't have their permits.  They did offer to let my daughter and I stay for a FREE meal to help train their staff.  That experience was really not bad.  The pizza was a little under cooked, but I figured they were in training.  I went a second time for my son's birthday for lunch.  It was busy, but we were sat in the bar area, which was no problem.  Although the service was fine, this time the pizza was over cooked.  I actually like my pizza on the well done side, but this was really over cooked:  brown cheese, hard crust, etc.  Finally, went last night for an early New Year's Eve dinner.  At 5:00, there was a 30 minute wait.  I wasn't shocked by this and decided to have a beer at the bar.  This is were things started to fall apart.  After receiving the beer menu, our bar tender disappeared.  After about 7 minutes, another bar tender asked if we put our drink order in yet.  When I replied that we had not, she proceeded to clean some dishes off the bar  left by another patron and went to take another customer's order instead!  When you have a bar that is that busy, you need experienced, competent bar staff.  We were finally seated at our table and, again, our pizza was way over cooked, lacked cheese, looked sloppy, and had very little of the topping I ordered.  The waitress was actually not too bad, but when I went to pay with my American Express, I was told the machine was down and I would need to pay with another card.  No problem.  I paid with my debit card only to realize this morning that I never received my card back from the waitress.  I called the restaurant this morning and was certain they would have my card since I know it was left there.  But- they could not find my card. I'm not sure if they even looked.  I am annoyed and disappointed and will have to wait for the kinks to be worked out.
4	I think the decision to open at this location in Ballantyne Village was a good one.  The Village needed someone to interject new life!As far as the food goes....kudos!  The pizzas are amazing and fresh, with some different combinations, as well as build your own.  The appetizers are really great, and the portions are very nice.The interior is spacious and airy, funky and cool, fun and unique.Now, that all being said, what they have to focus on to remain successful after the novelty wears off, is going to be to streamline the front entry and seating process.  Even after being open for several weeks, they don't seem to have a handle on that part of the system yet.  Customers are not always quickly acknowledged when they enter, there is not enough seating for them to wait, they are still using what looks like scratch paper to keep up with who is next and how long they are told they will have to wait.  I witnessed a lot of folks coming up time and time again asking if and when they will be seated, and everyone always seemed disorganized and a bit clueless.  They have the wireless buzzers to use, and they hand them out, but only seem to use them half the time, which adds to the confusion.  I would have thought that with the owners being the same ones that run the Dilworth location, that they would have this system down and would run like a well-oiled machine...they do not.  The take out is also a bit overwhelmed.  I placed an order for take out by phone, and was given a 30 minute time line.  I arrived at 35 minutes, and waited an additional 25 minutes...not so great.All in all, it is a great new, fun, delicious option for the tired Ballantyne dining scene, but the servicing kinks have to be worked out in order for them to remain a hit.
2	Like many regular customers of the Mellow Mushroom on Selwyn, we were thrilled when we heard there was going to be a location closer to us in Ballantyne.  This review is based on our first three experiences at the new Ballantyne location. I have rated each visit separately below. My overall 2-star rating is based on a composite of all 3 trips there.Visit #1 (3 stars)We first visited the new location a few days after they opened.  We expected that within the first few days, some things would be slower than normal and that's fine. We entered and found the lobby area to be chaos with people milling around either waiting to be seated or trying to figure out how/where to get takeout. Seating:  We were finally seated after a reasonable wait. They took us to a section in the back near the kitchen. It's behind a wall and underneath the stairs. DO NOT ever let them seat you there. It was very loud and very cramped. There was a large group behind us and we might as well have been sitting at their table. I had to move my chair to the side of our table because as it was set up, the servers kept bumping into me every time they walked past. It's just really not a great set up.  The server was pleasant, but before we even ordered, she warned us twice that the kitchen was going to be very slow. OK, the warning was good and understandable for the first week.Food:  Here is where we made our mistake. We ordered a 14 inch pizza but asked for some extra cheese. Just a bit extra, but not double the normal cheese. The pizza came out about 40 minutes later (slow kitchen) and was horrendous. There was so much cheese and sauce that you couldn't pick up a slice. It was not good, but in the kitchen's defense, we did ask for extra cheese. We ate with fork & knife because it was the only way to eat the goopy mess. Lesson learned:  No extra cheese.  Overall, we left unsatisfied with the pizza, but figured it was partially our own fault for asking for something different.Visit #2 (5 stars)Our second trip was fantastic. We were seated quickly upstairs and the atmosphere was 100x better than the corner they put us in the previous time. Our server was friendly and fairly attentive. A manager stopped by to ask us how everything was.  The pizza (same order as last time, but WITHOUT the extra cheese) was perfect. It was the pizza we had come to expect from the Selwyn location.  All was good and we looked forward to our next visit.Visit #3 (0 stars)It became very clear to us in our third visit that this restaurant is understaffed and overwhelmed.  Our third visit was greeted by the same entry area chaos as the first visit.  We were finally seated in a nice booth to the left side of the restaurant. Our server was friendly and attentive.  We ordered the exact same pizza as in visit #2 that we enjoyed so much.  The pizza took 45 minutes to arrive and our server kept coming by to apologize for the delays. The booth behind us was complaining constantly to the server about the wait.  The table to our side was served salad without dressing and had to wait a long time to get the dressing.  But, back to our pizza. Remember how wonderful it was in visit #2?  It was nearly unrecognizable.  The cheese was a soupy mess and there was a huge puddle of oil/grease in the center.  The cheese and sauce didn't go near the edges, so the crust was huge sections of bubbled dough with no toppings. We told our server that it didn't look good and she agreed.  Because we were in a hurry (and had already waited 45 minutes for the pizza), we decided to make the best of it and try to eat it.  The server said she would get a manager to come by. The manager never came. We did our best to eat the pizza. If I was MM management, I would be embarrassed to serve that pizza. We finally got our check and found that they had comped us for one soda.  Not the pizza, not two sodas.  One soda. Still no manager.  I asked for a to-go cup for my soda before we left and the server said she would get me one. Apparently, my request was rhetorical because we never saw the server again. If this was our first trip there, we would never return. It was that bad. I hope management gets stuff ironed out quickly. It's apparent that the entry area needs to be changed/improved. They may want to move the takeout orders to the end of the bar or further from the masses waiting to be seated. Most disturbing so far has been the wild inconsistency in the pizza. We plan to give it another try at some point because we know how good it can be. Overall, it's only 2 stars for us.
4	Being in the Charlotte area for only 9 mos, we heard raves about Mellow Mushroom, and now happy to be able to experience for ourselves!  I would have to say you can't compare it to your regular pizza joint, to me it's apples and oranges. I liked the pizza because it was different and the molasses in the dough gives it the unique texture/taste. It was crispy thin in the middle with a thick crust on the outside. I had the Philosopher's pie and my husband had his own with pepperoni and mushroom. We also had the tortilla soup and the stuffed portabello mushroom for an appetizer, both were excellent! Another plus was the long list of beers on tap. Decor inside was fun. The only complaint (well not really a complaint) is that we dropped $50 on lunch for 2. I guess its on par since it's more like a gourmet pizza place.We went during lunch and at around 12:30 there was no wait (it was a really early lunch for us!).
1	Management, listen up.  You're quickly losing good will and patience.  Your front desk staff enjoy WAY too much expressing the wait time.  Not possible it's two hours.  Table went out of business for a reason.  Jade was excellent.
4	Went with a friend to grab a mighty meaty at 7:30ish on a Saturday night. As expected, the place was mobbed. Even with the place being packed we had a good experience. Didn't see any of the issues in previous reviews present. So either they are getting their shit together or it could be a case of yuppie Ballantyne folks getting butthurt cause of to of many "skateboard looking kids" working there. Anywho, i was prepared to wait. Got a buzzer thingy and was told 45 min. The bar was packed but we went around to the far side of it and were able to grab 2 stools. Got the beer menu, it looked a bit more expensive than the last Mellow i was at in Winston.  We asked about specials and one of the bartenders said they didn't have any but a passing server chimed in and let us know they had some drafts for $3, sweet.  A different bartender ended up taking our drink order and he was cool. Went with PBR's at first and then switched to the drafts with our food. Fyi: On the menu it says they are tall boy cans. They actually are only 16oz taller cans not the 24oz tallboys. O well. Within about 30 min our table was ready. Our server was super nice and very attentive considering how slammed the place was. Even asked us when our beers were only half empty if we wanted another brought out in about 10 min. Awesome. Our medium mighty meaty pizza was yum. Crust was very good and there were plenty of toppings on it. We were in and out in about an hour and a half(including wait time). The bill with one pizza and 4 beers came to $32. Not a bad deal at all. I will definitely be back. Stoked to have a Mellow Mushroom so close to the hizzouse.
2	Take-out mess from Mellow Mushroom. We ordered a small cheese pizza and an order of their garlic pretzels and were told it would be a 40 min. wait. It was Saturday night and they are a new restaurant so we figured it was worth the wait. When we went to pick it up I was (barely) greeted with employees who did not know what was going on and were clearly overwhelmed, no clear location to pay/pick-up to-go orders, and lots of very annoyed people. In total our order took over an hour. The boxes were not labeled so employees OPENED each box severally times to figure out who's order belonged to which customer. As you can guess our pizza was pretty cold by the time we got it home (we live two miles away). No apologies were given. Doubt we will order from them anytime soon. There are too many other pizza joints that have their acts together to deal with the hassle.
2	While I like the food at Mellow Mushroom, the service is bad enough to make that not matter so much. I have found I get much better service at the bar than at a table, but it's still not stellar. Upon coming in, the five employees standing at the hostess stand made it seem like they were doing me a favor to stop their conversation and acknowledge me. I ended up going to the bar just to spite them. The bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable about the beers, but not the wines. Also, the service was pretty slow - once I got my initial drink, it was hard to get them to look at me again. I will say the vegetarian selection are great and tasted good. The pizza is also pretty good, mainly because of the crust. The wings are lackluster and small. I ordered a cookie to take with me and it took 15 minutes for someone to bring it out. This made me think it was being baked fresh or something but it was just a cold, not-so-special cookie probably made the day before.This place competes directly with Duckworth's so my prediction is the one with the better food and service will be the one to survive.
3	And why are these people all standing around trying to get into this place?  Is it the food? Is it the atmosphere where all the yuppy kids are taking the kids to enjoy the hippy drug smoking culture?  Or is it just good food, with Psychedelic paintings on the wall?I am unsure, but I can not see myself waiting more than 15 min to get into this place.The food "pizza" was mediocre at best, and the place is filled with small kids (children).  Is this the atmosphere we are subjecting our children to?  Sure the pizza may be slightly better than Chuck E Cheese, but please......All I could see around the place were phallic symbols and I was really not impressed.So, I can say I have been here, done that, but it is definitely not on my be back anytime soon lists.For all the hype, I am unsure, but it is in a great location.NCFoodGuy
5	We had a great meal with friendly service. This is not a rush in and out spot so go there and enjoy it. Great local draft beer list. Perfect addition to Ballantyne for kids and adults.
4	Finally the hype seems to have died down enough for us to check out the mushroom.  We arrived at 6:30 on a Saturday and had our seats by 6:45, so I can't complain at all about the wait time.  The service was GREAT, we were helped early and often by our waiter, who even brought out our daughters meal earlier than the pizza so she wouldn't grow too antsy.  Our pizza arrived in a timely manner, especially considering how busy the place was!  About the pizza... I personally thought that the sauce was way too heavy (just my personal preference though).  The crust is a really interesting flavor, that I can hardly describe in any other word except "addictive".  It has the texture of a soft inside of a fresh roll, but with a nice wheat flavor. All in all a great dining experience.  On a side note... My wife has an extreme allergy to latex, one of the biggest offenders on her list is balloon animals.  While this isn't something we come across a lot, we must be careful about balloons, unless we really want to use the epi-pen.  Tonight there was a young man making balloon animals for the kids at various tables.  I explained the situation to our waiter, who was very accommodating in helping us out by keeping the balloons far away from our table.  So, kudos to them for understanding the out of normal allergies that are present and helping everyone enjoy a great dining experience at the same time.
4	Not sure why all the bad reviews on this place.  I think the pizza is wonderful and the restaurant has such a great atmosphere.  I agree, I'm not going to wait over an hour to eat here, but when givent he opportunity to stop in for pizza and beer on a week night, I'm there.
3	I think this is a great new addition the the burbs and I love the music.  They have some great beer specials and I hear their pizza is really good.  I had the meatball app-looked better than it tasted.  Also had a  great salad with portabello mushrroms on top-they were great-but not a heeping size on a big salad...all in all a good atmosphere if you are into chains
2	ok, since last reviews we've tried 2x with take-out.  both experiences were total pandemonium.  i truly feel sorry for the front door staff.  it's GOT to be hard to deal with that madness.  it also must be tiring to listen to guff from angry patrons.  one doesn't have to stand at the entrance long to hear the gripes and see the frustrated faces.  the front door staff were nice, but obviously completely under water.  after being told "35-40" minutes last night, we got our pizza after 1 hour 25 minutes.  one of the primary problems is that the three people working the desk seem to be doing everything, to wit:  answering phones, seating people and handling take-outs.  it's not a good system in many ways.  it's disorganized, confused and appears to exist completely apart from standardized protocols. . .and common sense.  take out should be moved to a separate area, if possible, and handled by staff responsible only for that area of house business.  one of the primary issues is the "matching game" they play to figure out what pizza is what.  our box was opened 8-10 times by the front people (as were all the others) in an effort to coordinate pizzas with people.  that doesn't do much for the pizza by the time it gets home.ON A GOOD NOTE, the kitchen manager came out, apologized and comp'd dinner.  The place is clearly still overwhelmed.  Bad YELP.com reviews don't seem to be affecting how many people swarm the location.  To be fair, it's an odd space.  BUT, recognizing that, this isn't the first Mellow Mushroom even in Charlotte.
1	Ordered out again and was so disappointed. They told me it would take 30-35 minutes. In reality it took over an hour. No apologizes. By the time we got home (we live about 3 miles away) the pizza was cold. For the price and the hype I don't think it is worth it.
5	Thank you, Mellow Mushroom for saving my Vegetarian/Vegan soul. There aren't any other places I've found in Charlotte who have Vegan options for pizza. The vegan cheese Daiya that they use is quite delicious. The servers have always been pleasant despite being extremely busy. Chances are you will wait a while to be seated bc it's pretty popular, but it's worth the wait. Check it out when you have a chance!
3	My wife and I tried out Mellow Mushroom on 2/27. We were told there would be a 25-30 minute wait and we were seated right at that time. Too many kiddos in here for my liking but not too rowdy. The decor is worth the trip, even just to see one time. The pizza was excellent, but took quite a while to reach us (around 45 minutes after we placed our order). I understand that the crust is made with molasses which infuses quite a unique taste. Our waiter was very accommodating and checked on us often without being intrusive. All in all it was enjoyable and we shall probably return.
2	I've visited four Mellow Mushroom locations, and I can say this one is by far the worst. The decor is great, but that's where the goodness ends. The pizza is average. Well, it depends if it's burnt or not. On 2 separate occasions, our takeout was burnt. Just burnt. Other times, there's random ingredients on the pizza that have spilled over from other pizzas. I don't want random string things on my cheese pizza. I'd rather go to the one on Selwyn even though it's farther from my house. I woudn't reccomend this particular Mellow Mushroom--head to the other Charlotte location instead.
2	A friend and I went during lunch, eager to try it out. We both left disappointed. All I wanted a slice of pizza, however, this pizza joint doesn't sell pizza by the slice! What's up with that? The waitress told us that they used to sell slices however they had a recent health violation with the way the slices were being stored so they no longer offer them. Well, I ended up ordering a calzone instead and my friend ordered a salad. 35 mins later our food comes out, which felt like an eternity for a hungry preggo. Overall the food was just, eh, okay. Probably won't be back as there are much better pizza options in Ballantyne.
3	Just went for drinks.. I wasn't in the mood for pizza.. or any of that stuff on the menu. Seeing "Jada" (Sushi) made me want sushi. Great space, not too crowded. I was told it gets PACKED on game days....
4	Weird decorations in the place but the pizzas are pretty decent. I don't know what they put in the dough but I noticed that the crust is kind of sweet tasting. The suggested pizzas having interesting names and unique combinations of toppings but surprisingly they work! Really wish they'd deliver!
4	Fortunately, we had a much better time at this Mellow Mushroom than a lot of other reviewers. Maybe they've finally got their act together? Maybe they had their best employees working, since it was a Friday night? Who knows. Anyways, this place was packed, so there was a wait, but we managed to snag a few seats at the bar while we waited on a table. The bartender was attentive and even made conversation with us, despite the fact that he was quite busy. It seemed like he was giving everyone that same level of attention, which is pretty impressive. Once a table opened up, we were seated, and our waitress immediately took our orders. The pizza took a little while to arrive, as is the Mellow way, but once it showed up, it was piping hot and delicious.So, all-in-all, we had a good night. The service and food were at least comparable to the (smaller) Selwyn location. I wouldn't recommend the Mellow Mushroom for a romantic date night or for when you need to be in and out quickly, but if you just want to hang out, you can do so very well here.PS And yes, people, it's expensive, but no more expensive than any other MM. The pizza's better than take out... you get what you pay for!
3	Mellow isn't the best pizza in town, but if you're looking for some decent pizza choices in a "sit-down" atmosphere then you really can't go wrong. Kind of an oddball location for Ballantyne Commons, but seems to be flourishing rather well. This placed is slammed from being in the "burbs." Venture in on a Friday evening or any mealtime hour on the weekend and....well, let's just say that you'll have fun holding your pager whilst waiting for your table to clear. Not too impressed with their pizza. The mega veggie and white pizza are really flavorful but every time I've been, you have to "fork and knife" the pie. A little too flimsy to hold and very, very, very, very greasy. I can appreciate a good fork and knife pie, but typically when its going to be Chicago style. Great beer choices. Love that they have some great micro, craft and macro brews on draught. The bar is perfect to squeeze into if you're looking to grab a quick meal and brew with your wife, buddy or if you're flying solo. The place is decorated to the gills in vibrant hippy art. If you're into that....you might as well fill out an application. Service is always friendly and fast. Never had any problems or negative experiences in the few times I've been. Definitely order the pretzels (pizza dough inspired). They are TO DIE FOR. Also, the spinach artichoke dip is the best my wife and I have ever had. Caprese is always a standard choice. If you're headed there for pizza, you really can't go wrong with any choices. Just heed my previous comment. If you choose not to fork and knife your slice, you'll probably end up wearing it. Definitely worth a try if you haven't had the Mellow experience yet.
3	Nothing to complain about here! Like any other Mellow location, the decor is funky and fun... I love all the bright colors and psychedelic accents. Restaurant is very big, but sectioned off to make areas a little more cozy or private. We chose indoor seating near a window, but I became envious looking at the patio tables right by the fountain (definitely choosing that next time!!)I came here on a Monday night, it's was fairly busy (although I didn't have to wait). I would assume it's crazy on the weekends. I ordered the Tempeh Hoagie, which was pretty good. It didn't exactly hit the spot, so in retrospect I would have ordered a pizza.Server was very sweet and quick to take our order. Will definitely come again.
5	Great Chicken Parm sandwich. Great service. A+
4	Now that the initial hype has died down and I was able to go today, a Saturday for lunch without a wait we went.  Took the 2 kids and wife and walked out smiling at the end of the meal.  We had the Holy Shitake pizza which, I think is new since I'm a big Mellow Mushroom supporter and never seen it.  it was loaded with mushrooms and different cheeses.  I like their dough vs. other pizzas although Ballantynes seems to be more "Whole Wheaty" than the others.  It's still good though.  Kids got a regular 10# cheese and enjoyed it.  Other than that the decor and vibe is nice considering the previous restaurant was an upscale high end restaurant that nobody really went to (RIP Table).  Waitress was attentive and all in all a good experience.
2	I really like the food at Mellow Mushroom and I can honestly say I've never ordered anything I didn't like.  BUT, the most consistent thing about a Mellow Mushroom, regardless of the state or location is that the service is painfully, exasperatingly BAD!We visited the Selwyn location about a year ago, and experienced the same bad service typical of other MM locations and never went back.  We headed out to this location at an off time - 3:00 p.m. on a Saturday - hoping that would improve our odds.  Not so.  Despite the place being half full, the three hostesses seemed confused and disoriented.  Lengthy wait for a server, we ordered our drinks and food (knowing you have to seize the opportunity at a MM), and after her departure a second arrived immediately after, confused someone else helped us.  10 to 15 mins go by with no drinks and another server notices us and asks if we've been helped.  Very nice of her to check, but who's running this ship?  Drinks did arrive and the salad and pizzas arrived relatively promptly for a MM.  The woman who set them down (yet another server), said my calzone was still cooking and would be out shortly.  Well, no calzone ever arrived and the rest of my family was almost finished by the time the server made it back.  She had no clue I'd never received my food. I told her I didn't want it anymore, given they were already finished.  She kindly found it in the kitchen, boxed it up and didn't charge us for it.  So clearly I'm the fool for trying MM again.  I think I've finally learned my lesson.  If I absolutely must have a MM pie, I'll get take out.
4	Came here with a group.  Everybody had pizza which I did not try but looked pretty good (although I prefer thin crust).  To be a rebel, I ordered a Tempeh Hoagie. OH-MY-LORD!  It was most excellent, I must say.  I wish I had ordered a whole one instead of half.  But I also wish it had had a more interesting side...  The bag of chips was just not doing it for me.  The bread was described as "French" and I would be hard pressed to call it that but I actually thought it was good because unlike a real baguette it was easier to bite into.  Dessert menu was not that interesting but when I'm in the area again I would still go back.  Plenty of vegetarian options to make me happy and all served in a fun ambiance.
5	Yums! I've been here twice now and both pizza's ordered were hot & delicious. One was the large Meat pizza which fed 4 men and myself. We also had a bruchetta appetizers and drinks which held us over otherwise I don't think it would have been enough. We sat upstairs at the "computer tablet tables" which was entertaining! I love the vibe and decor.
3	Somehow everything in Ballantyne just isn't as good as other locations. Just like Brixx and Cantina, this MM is big and spacious with patio seating and the same menu as the Myers Park location but there's something about it that's just lacking in umph. And it's not the tacky MM hippy vibe features (this one has it to) but perhaps it's the staff - they seem like they're working and not hanging out like the staff at MMMP does. Maybe it's the boring surroundings. Or the pain in the ass parking. Whatever it is, I don't love this MM and I don't hate it, but it's basically Myers Park's lame big sister to me.
3	After eating here, I'm left with mixed feelings. The food wasn't bad but not great. Got the Mixed Veggie pizza. The crust was surprisingly good, but outside of that, there's not much to boast about the pizza.  Going with one person made our wait time non-existant for dinner. Other people looked like it was going to be significantly longer. Atmosphere was pretty cool with all the colors and decorations, plenty of large-screen televisions. Sadly, it gets a little too loud. Service was okay. Go with a mellow attitude and not be in too much of a rush. Nice beer selection. Ballantyne is sorely lacking a great pizza place. Your best bet is Wolfman Pizza, but that's a bit of a drive depending on where you are.
3	Gave a decent amount of time since last visit.  Seated quickly.  Staff polite.  VERY busy, but they got the order correct and food was fresh.  MUCH better experience.  Still slammed and oddly organized location. . .but they're trying hard.
2	Thought we would give this a try prior reading the Yelp reviews. Fun 60s retro decor, good bar with terrific beer selections on draft and nice staff. I have not yet mentioned pizza. Wife and started by splitting a Brutus salad which was served with a warm sliced portobello mushroom. Very nice and perfect to share.Anticipated great things for our pizza course. Alas, mediocre crust but with good toppings and hot as hell straight from the oven. If you are looking for a casual dining spot with good service, drinks, and fun atmosphere give MM a try. Just don't go for the pizza.
2	Bad service, pretty good food, too pricey for what it is. A calzone and a sandwich was over $24. That's ridiculous. You are paying for the 'Disneyworld of Hemp' decor. Won't go back, but the food was decent.
2	Just went to MM tonight to celebrate my sons 17th birthdayService was goodAmbience was goodFood was good/fairWhile I get the laid back/hippie feel...One thing that I would point out is do you work here or not?There was a guy that looked like he was heading to Home Depot to get mulch on a Saturday mourning.Or maybe he just left got back from the swap meet  after a long day.Dirty looking hatBaggy shorts, to go with his old looking  T-Shirt... For 100 bucks you could not tell if he was heading to do yard work or to McDonalds for lunch.Once again I get the MelllllowBut come on, let your kids wear what they want...but no apron...no standards at all???I believe you owe your paying customers more than that.Funny thing I asked to speak with a manager just to point it out...Tall skinny girl, she says oh we dress casual in mellow mushroom shirts...I looked at her and said what about you....Long duhhh... Oh I don't have one on...lolWhat a Captain to that ShipAnyway...wonder if the owners knows how loooose things are really run...Beer out the back is next(if not already)Good luck....Oh yea where do you keep the Air filters?Max
5	I LOVE pizza....I mean one of those people who could eat it every day! And Mellow Mushroom did not let me down, I tried the House Special pizza, the crust was delicious and the toppings were fresh and delicious! This was definitely a great addition to the Ballantyne area!
5	Srsly- best pizza ever.  Real food ingredients. Always fantasic service. Go for the Philosophers & a salad.
3	Why is a medium pizza with 8 slices $25?  Why oh why?  I just don't understand. I'm one that will spend money on good food but I have a hard time with this...That being said...The fluffy crust and awesome toppings make for a great piece of pizza if you are in the mood to be creative.  We tried the buffalo chicken and it was pretty good.  One of my dining diva partners that evening tried the mushroom soup and couldn't shut up about it.  I hate fungus personally so I didn't try the soup but she LOVED it.  So, I guess it is worth mentioning.I ordered the make my own salad with pesto chicken on top and that was pretty good as well.  The chicken seemed a little undercooked and the pesto seemed runny.  The chicken didn't necessarily seem marinated in pesto, it seemed topped with pesto-like sauce.  The chicken also didn't seem grilled.  It seemed...baked...for just a few minutes...  But it was certainly edible!It was loud, babies were crying, there was a wait by 6:30, service was just okay, nothing special.  I don't see the big hype about this place.  It is overpriced for what they offer and I can get a bangin slice of pizza down the road from Tony's for 2 bucks.  Probably won't be a regular at Mellow Mushroom.
3	After being open several months, and making many trips back there, I still think they are fun, cool, and the food is great pizza and appetizers.  The part that is lacking is the service still.  When you walk in, busy or not, there is always an air of confusion...nobody seems to know what is going on or where to seat you.  Once you get seated, you wait, and wait, and wait, until someone walking by has to ask if you have been helped yet.  Once you tell them no, a few minutes later someone will come by.  It is like this every single time I visit.  At first I thought it was because they were new. Then I thought it was because it was during a busy time. The last 4 times I went, they were not busy in the least, and they had been open quite a while, so I am not sure why the service is always so bad.  The time before last we ordered a pepperoni pizza, and they brought a half pepperoni and half bacon and pineapple??  Well, the food is still good, but is it enough to keep me coming back?  Stay tuned...
4	This is probably the raddest Mellow Mushroom I have ever been to.  Bf and I came here for some late-night food after a wedding. We sat at the bar, had (somewhat warm) PBR and bruschetta appetizer while we watched some baseball on their flat screen TVs and waited for our pizza to-go.  That bruschetta came out really fast, and it was fresh and full of flavor.The bartender was so nice that he gave me a Halloween decoration I admired after bf asked him where we could get one (look for the frankenstein lantern in the picture I uploaded)! The pizza we ate back at our hotel was buffalo chicken, caramelized onions and ranch, and it was delicious! We were going to get a medium, but it was going to cost us $20 as opposed to the $13 small. Twenty bucks is a little pricey I say, but we probably wouldn't have eaten more than the small anyways, so it worked out.
4	My husband, son and I have been Mellow Mushroom fans for a few years and often look for one when on vacation and in need of a pizza night.  We have eaten at MM in various locations including Orlando, Myrtle Beach, and the Selwyn location in Charlotte.   Since we have a couple of local pizza places that we really like and often order pizza on a whim, we really don't think of MM when we are looking for pizza at home.  Until that last night, that is!!!   There were 4 of us (me, husband, teen son, and my Mom... who had never been to MM) and we all loved the food, the atmosphere, the service, and the balloon creations.  We got there before the Saturday dinner rush and we were seated right away.  The decor is typically MM style in updated form so the colors and vibe are fantastic.  My Mom was going to have a salad instead of pizza until we all said that she was CRAZY to even think of such a thing!  Boy, what she glad we talked her out of it!   The boys ordered the House Special Pizza (minus ham and black olives) and my Mom and I ordered the Holy Shitake Pizza.  Although medium-sized pizzas would have been enough, we all look forward to leftover pizza for breakfast so we went with the large pies.  My son also had a small Caesar Salad and it enjoyed it very much.  The pizza took approx 25 minutes to arrive at the table and it was well worth the wait!  They were both piping hot, smelled fantastic, and looked gorgeous!  (See pictures)  Both pizzas were incredible, but the Holy Shitake Pie is off-the-hook crazy wackadoo delicious!!!!  A fluffy, buttery, parmesan cheesy crust topped with a magical blend of garlic, gourmet mushrooms, and garlic and baked golden grown.  Then, to make it even better (as if that was even possible), they drizzle the pie with a garlic sauce, too.   YUM!!!!!   The pie is totally crave-worthy and will be solely responsible for all of my future visits to MM!  My Mom absolutely loved it too and we both went as far as to say that it was one of the tastiest and most delicious non-traditional pizzas that we have ever eaten.  I don't know why we never tried this one before?!?  In the midst of my cosmic mushroom bliss, I did manage to have a bite of the House Special pizza and it was quite good, too!  The bite that I had Applewood Smoked Bacon, Ground Beef, and veggie and it was very tasty!  I'm not typically a fan of ground beef on pizza, that bite changed my opinion.  The boys loved their pie, too!The server was very attentive and quite personable.  The Manager stopped by to say hello, too.  We were even greeted by a Balloon Creation Specialist (I just totally made that name up, BTW).  He was very friendly and quite talented.  Since it was dinnertime on a Saturday night, there were tons of kids in there (who were actually all all quiet and well-behaved from eating delicious pizza...bonus!!) the Balloon Man was making tiaras, motorcycles, swords, etc.   Then he came to our table and things went a little bizarre (in a good way).  He asked my 14 yo son what he wanted and my son made the mistake of saying "anything will be fine".  Mr. Balloon Man's eyes lit up with excitement and he got started on a Pink and Red swirled hat with a 2 ft antennae and a giant powder blue heart attached at the end.  Luckily, my Son has a great sense of humor and is very easy going...I don't know that all boys would have taken so kindly to it.  It was quite funny!  (see picture)What I really like about MM is the quality of the ingredients that they use.  Their crust is made is unbleached wheat flower, their meats are flavorful and delicious, and many of their toppings are organic.  If you're a die-hard NY style pizza lover, then MM is not for you.  But, if you enjoy a fluffy, flavorful, and buttery crust with excellent toppings and tasty sauces, then you must give MM a try!  So...after reading this glowing review, you're probably wondering why only 4 stars instead of 5?  There is one reason, and one reason only....the price.  For 2 large pies, 1 small salad, and 2 soft drinks the bill came to $63.00!  Yes, the food was excellent.  Yes, they use high quality ingredients.  Yes, the experience is lively and fun.  BUT, the practical side of me says that $63.00 for 4 people to eat pizza is just plain crazy!!!   Will it stop me from going back again?  Heck NO, but MM will be a "once in a while" pizza outing and won't make it to our in-a-pinch pizza list.  As a side note, I just re-heated a leftover slice of Holy Shitake in the oven and had it for breakfast (yes, I am NOT too proud to admit that) and it was just as delicious as it was last night....maybe even better since it caused the garlic sauce to melt into the pizza a bit.  Sadly, there's only piece left now and it's "supposed" to be my Mom's slice.  We may have to arm wrestle for it...and, yes, I'm not too proud to admit that either!   LOL
2	I usually like Mellow Mushroom pizzas so I don't have much complaints about their pizzas. Of course, it can't be compared to the privately owned pizza places, but considering it's a chain, their food is alright.That being said, the atmosphere is what confuses me. if I had kids, I wouldn't bring them here. Psychedelic designs all over the place, magic mushrooms suspended everywhere and loud music playing... That doesn't sound exactly kid-friendly to me. But these guys surely must have their "colorful" atmosphere confused with a kids hang-out because they have these balloon boys twisting balloons for kids.Also, halfway thru my beer I noticed a fruit fly floating about. I seriously don't know if it just got in there or if it was there all along, floating in my drink, but just covered up with the froth. Either way, I don't want to think of it. I told our server and she offered to get me another one, but by then I was done with my dinner so I just let it pass and they didn't charge us for the fruit fly beer.Speaking of servers, it was particularly difficult to catch a hold of our original server, but I would overlook that because the place was really packed.
2	Went this past Sunday in the noon hour and it was wide open.  What a difference a few months makes in the fickleness that we know as the Ballantyne restaurant scene.  I used to love Mellow Mushroom Pizza, now I just like it.  It's changed, and I can't really explain what it is except that the dough seems to be not as flavorful.  I generally order the Gourmet White (without feta) since you all may know by now I think it's sac-religious to put feta on a pizza pie.  My wife is a pescaterian and it works for her with the sundried tomatoes.  The pie itself was meh and nothing special.  The service at this location is lackadaisical at best.  The hostess sees us, a group of 4, 2 adults and 2 small kids and goes to shove us at the smallest booth they have.  I ask for a bigger one and she drops the menu on an equally as small booth.  I just moved us to a larger booth while she walked right by me.  The Pie itself, when it came out had a piece of bacon front and center which of course, bothered my non meat eating wife.  When the manager walked by to ask how everything is I informed him of the issue and he acted like it was no big deal.  "Yeah man, it might have slipped onto the pizza while he was making it, sorry".  Well, my friend it's a problem to someone who doesn't eat meat.....It will be a while before I give this place one last shot.  There are too many places for pizza in the area and giving me overpriced, "OK" pizza, with bad service isn't the way to retain my business.
3	Alice in wonderland meets pizza. Its a fun "trip", for adults and children. Note this since you will see and hear a generous amount of families and other patrons. Great rotation of beers on tap and great family atmosphere. I give them credit for creative pizzas and the ability to properly execute their creativity. There aren't many restaurants out of the chain that I can say the same thing about in Charlotte. If you want something out of the norm this is definitely worth the experience. Your second visit, make it a point to try the pretzels as this is the same dough they use for their pizzas! Greek salad is refreshing.
3	Went looking for a "better than Waffle House " experience late Saturday night in Ballantyne and didn't want the usual Hickory Tavern fare.  So we called ahead to MM and they said the kitchen closes at 1pm.Our hostess sat us at a booth away from the bar/band scene and gave us all the menus.  Our waiter came up shortly after and took our beverage order.Upon his return we began asking some questions about the food; at that point he told us we could only order pizza and calzones!  And I work for a pizza calzone manufacturer, And I was drooling over a hoagie!  So my wife ordered a small pie for her and I had wings.We did realize that the prices were pretty high for pies.  Food came out fairly quickly.  The Jerk style wing flavor was very good; some of the best I've ever had since cooking with Jamaicans before. My wife enjoyed her pie as well, though don't care for the sweet oily style of crust.Our waiter was attentive and friendly.  The band was great that night. But we are still looking for that go to place in our area.
2	Yucky tasting food. You must be quite "mellow" to enjoy their food...if you know what I mean.
1	Waited 10+ minutes for service after being seated, then left. During that time our waitress made 6 trips to a single large group--drinks, food, more drinks, more food. Frustrating. Never even gave us a glance so that we could get her attention.We will give the place another try in the future; looks great inside and would probably be fun if the service is up to expectations.
1	Horrible
5	We grabbed dinner here the other night.  We got bruschetta for an app and it was surprisingly one of the best ones I have had at a restaurant.  The veggies were fresh and their balsamic was perfect!I got the Umami Pizza (bacon, caramelized onions, pineapple and jalapenos!)  It was absolutely perfect.  The flavors were all there and in the right proportions.  I was so happy I ordered this!
3	It's fun and good food. A small four slice pizza is around $12.  Nice staff though. I like it... I will be back.
2	I love the food here and it reminds me of my college days in Boone, NC. Unfortunately, I have never had a good experience with the service at this particular location. I have been sat at a dirty table, quenched my thirst with the little bit of spit in mouth from not getting any bar service, or waiting for the cook to run my pizza to the table because they were tired of looking at it sit in the window for ever! That was odd considering the entire staff was crowded around the kitchen for quite some time.I love the food but I don't know if that is enough for me to ever dine-in again, I'll just wait until my next vist to Boone for my Mellow Mushroom fix.
4	Roller derby and pizza, what could be better? I went to a Charlotte Roller Girls event here and was impressed by the variety of beers on tap and by their pizza's immaculately baked crust. The pizza I got was deliciously greasy, probably because I had them throw almost every meat in the joint on top. Mmmm... carby...
5	Fun fun fun place! Very laid back and a great place all around. You can bring your family, a date, or just hang out with friends. Went on a Tuesday and they had a fun trivia night! Huge draft beer selection and the pizza is amazing! Loved the Kosmic Karma!
1	Our visit to Mellow Mushroom on Saturday afternoon was truly a tale of two waiters.We arrived around 2:30 for some drinks and maybe an appetizer or two with a friend. Our waiter showed up, and was sort of a tripping kind of 'dude' guy who used the word 'Word' way too often, but was funny, engaging, and on top of things. We ordered our first round of beers, which came out quickly.Waiter Dude picked up on the fact that my husband likes craft beers, so shortly thereafter he came out with a sample he thought my husband would like. "Dude, if you like the one you've ordered, you've got to try this one." So my husband did. He loved it, and that was ordered for the second round.Waiter Dude came out with the second round of beers and a sample of another new craft beer for my husband to try. We chatted a bit and decided we'd place a few orders for apps: pretzels, hummus and the oven baked wings. Waiter Dude was awesome, and then he disappeared.Like, literally, he disappeared. We didn't see him for another thirty minutes. We had to flag down a waitress and ask her about our food order and to please check on it. Three minutes later, our waiter was out with our food, all apologies about how it was held up by a huge pizza order or something like that. He brought no plates or napkins and said he'd be back with them.And then he disappeared again. For nearly ten minutes. Finally our friend had to get up and go inside to ask for them, and he returned out again, quiet and with apologies, put them down and bailed.My wings were refrigerator cold the instant they came out of the "kitchen" so I seriously doubt they had been held up by busily working on other things. I know this because I didn't bother to wait for the napkins to dig in, I was hungry.The food really wasn't good, and the service went from quirky and fun to terrible in the blink of an eye. We were there mid-afternoon. It wasn't like there was a rush. I certainly didn't see any huge pizza orders leaving the restaurant, or any huge groups entering the restaurant, and we were outside right by the doors.It takes effort to screw up a few rounds of beers and apps for 3 people, but Mellow Mushroom managed to. I really want to like this restaurant, but I have never had a reliably good experience there and the food isn't great either. I don't know how they stay in business.
3	Pizza is fantastic. Service is marginal. Kid friendly interactive tables upstairs rarely work properly. Kitchen is ridiculously slow but if you've got time and patience for a forgetful staff the za is worth the wait.
2	I cannot understand why this place is so busy. The food is mediocre at best, but the service is absolutely terrible. Stay away from this place if you are looking to have good food and a relaxing meal.
3	Not the Greek Salad I am used to from Mellow Mushroom. Stingy on olives and other veggies. I ordered a full salad and only received one container of dressing. Parking is the pits.
3	I really want to love Mellow Mushroom, but after being here a handful of times, I feel just like meh. The service is never speedy, it sometimes takes 5 minutes or more just to have our drink order taken, and the food takes anywhere from 35-45 minutes. The mushroom soup is the best thing on the menu. The pizza is pretty good, but there is better across the street in either direction. And the calzones leave something to be desired. They have a good choice of ciders, and mostly have good drink specials. Good for a group, but not for a date.
3	Finally was able to try out this location last night.  Went with a friend and sat at the bar for dinner.  Very interesting bar layout with seperate stations that carry the beer taps.  This particular night they had live music via an acoustic guitar player and that was a nice touch I thought.  The food here is just like the other locations.  Good and consistent.  I went with my favorite, the meatball app and I ended up doing one of their "build your own" salads.  It's refreshing to go to a place that actually has the option of building a salad with whatever you want.  Cool.  The beers here are always on rotation much like the other locations, specifically they keep a good stock of IPA's and local craft beers as well as some of the more rare porters, etc.  Parking isn't horrible but the area does get pretty jammed up so just be patient.
5	Mellow is always a nice place to go have some really good pizza and beer. Love the magic carpet ride theme and everytime I go there is a good band playing. Love the outside area and the heaters are nice. Always good food. Awesome beer selection. Anywhere that has Bells Two Hearted for $5 is awesome in my book! Love Mellow Mushroom!! Oh and the nagic mushroom soup is SO good.
4	Okay, I am Italian and from Chicago so that makes me a Pizza Snob but I do like Mellow Mushroom here in Ballantyne. Went today, Have been there many times before when it was very crowded, today I went after the lunch crowd, It was great service and great Pizza. We ordered the Holy Shitake, a Pizza covered with Mushrooms, Chives, a Garlic Ailoi and Truffle Oil...Delicious..the kind of Pizza that makes you think about wanting it again.. ..over and over! Wonderful-a couple of nice glasses of wine and the afternoon was great....Try it..
2	Not so good and we are unwilling to return to confirm our negative opinions.Clever decor and good for kids, esp birthday parties as they have an upper tier that would contain them and not bother the other diners.  That is the good part.The pizza was flavorless, life Figaro's.  With just sauce it would actually BE cardboard.  On the thick side, no aroma, touch and in our case burned.  Even with toppings it was nothing more than a bad pie.This was dinner time and the floor was dirty and unswept.  At least they could have swept the dirt somewhere or picked up the napkins and other debris from previous diners.  Agh!Server was nice and young.  Young as in she was not an experienced wait person so she just took the order and got it out.  When we signaled, best to stand and wave one's arms, she would come by and then go get more iced tea.  Other wise, we were not there.For an expensive $24.95 large pizza I would expect better.Bar looked busy and wish we had seated ourselves there, at least to get more attentive service.Why do people come here?  Are there that many people without taste buds?  Guess so.
5	Awesome lunch ! Mushroom soup, mushroom hoagie and shiitake pie was a delight ! Dylan was our server and was so sweet !
2	I really don't like this location. The host and hostess seem soo unorganized. Nothing pleasant about their customer service. Thru out our time there. Our waiter seem to be annoyed and don't see him often. So I keep it short and sweet. In and out.. I definitely enjoyed the Sewlyn location much better so as soon as we left. I mentioned to ppl I went with.. I'm not coming back to this location.
4	Much better than the Selwyn location! Decoration is sweet and if you get a chance to sit at the touch table, your little ones will be occupied for the whole dinner. (Almost like a date night.)Getting a table on a busy night can be a bit unorganized with the crowd and the faux hostess stand in the middle of the crowd. But once you're seated, it is worth the wait. Pizza is phenomenal. The crust makes the pie. Umami, house special and mighty meaty are choices that you can't go wrong with. The bonus is a nice beer selection. Nice local craft selection and some rare finds from time to time. Mellow Mushroom is a family favorite.
5	Loved the food and friendly staff!
5	Pizza selection was awesome - had Mighty Meat pizza and Pineapple and Ham pizza - there is a great selection if draft beers that would make any beer lover want to return on the near future.  Took the grandchildren who were entirely entertained with the built-in touch screen computers on the table. Each of the children were able to play separate games on a single  a screen. Table service was excellent a very congenial and energetic staff. We would definitely re-visit when I return to the area on Ballantyne.
4	My "usual" Mellow Mushroom trip involves me going over to the Selwyn location, but this new"er" location in Ballantyne may change my mind!  Went over here after running a half marathon on a Sunday so we were pretty starved for food by the time we got there.  The best thing is that we got there right at twelve [on a Sunday] which = cocktail time especially after running that far and for that long.I partook in the special $4 Bloody Marys... I love that the server asked me if I liked them "extra spicy"  and they totally were worth the extra spice!!We sat upstairs with the awesome touchscreen tables... so we were thoroughly entertained by the games and multi-media while waiting for our food.  Made the time go by so much faster... especially since the MM always cooks their pizzas to order and there can be a bit of a wait time.The other thing I did not know was that each MM location has their own unique pies... so I definitely tried one of them:  The Boozer.  Beer cheese, Canadian bacon, bacon, mozzarella, and grilled chicken.... pretty darn tasty and great!Our server Morgan was super attentive and nice and made sure we were totally happy during the whole experience.  I was even thanked by the host/tess table by 3 of their servers when I was leaving, which really makes for a nice way to end the meal (also another excuse to go back and hang out with really nice folks....).
4	On Sunday afternoon we decided to check out Mellow Mushroom, hoping it wouldn't be too long of a wait, as the shopping center and other resturants looked pretty crowded.  We arrived just around 12 and were seated right away, but within 30 minutes every table was full.  And, after our experince and food I know why.  We started off enjoying the $4 bloody mary special with chicken wings, mild sauce.  The drinks were great and the wings came out piping hot and were delicious..next time I might spice it up and go a little hotter though.After looking over the menu and having never been we decided to split a hoagie and pizza.  We chose the steak and cheese hoagie and the classic white pizza, with grilled chicken.The white pizza was light, creamy, and ha a great crispy, but not too thin crust.  Loved it! As for the hoagie, I unfortunately only got one bite but my friend loved it and ate the whole thing, plus a slice of my pizza!  Our waitress was very friendly and we were even approached by the Manager making sure everything was going well.  I definitely look forward to my next visit and want to say thanks to the staff who made our first visit very nice!
5	Great variety of pizzas, salads, sandwiches am appetizers!!  Pizza is fantastic and great spinach artichoke dip.
1	Not sure about the other locations, but the one in Ballantyne is horrendous. I mean one of the biggest cluster F's I've ever experienced in my life. They refused to seat us at a 2 top table in the outdoor area because a "party" was coming which NEVER came the 1.5 hours we were there due to terrible service. We were sat in the middle of the floor at a high top table and waited 10-15 min just for drinks. Ordered the mild wing appetizer to which the server said "we don't have mild" and which was clearly stated on the menu. Once bringing this to her attention the response was "oh". My wife ordered a Mr. Pibb and the server said "what is that, I have never heard of it". Uh, take a look at your soda machine like my wife did and you will clearly see Mr. Pibb as one of the options which is also clearly stated on the menu to which the server said "Oh, I"ve never heard it called that". My wife specifically said Mr. Pibb because that's what they serve so I guess what it really says is that for our first time eating there we knew more about the drinks and menu option then our server did. The wings were horrendous with zero flavor and came with no dipping sauces and we ordered 1 ranch and 1 blue cheese. Another server realized this and kindly brought us what we ordered. 20 min after that our server finally came and took our order and when it came out she brought us the wrong pizza so we waited again for the correct one. We asked for utensils 3x and the restaurant said they "ran out" but again, another server kindly brought us some because our server couldn't seem to be bothered by bringing us any. This is after she tried to leave dirty appetizer plates that we had used for wings on the table and tell us to use those for our dinner. So to sum it up, long wait for food, incorrect order, no utensils, no napkins or plates, wrong order when it came out, incompetent server and manager who also couldn't remember jack crap, and food was bland and definitely not worth the wait or the $$$. I mean it starts at the top, so if the manager can't manage the restaurant herself then that explains the cluster for the rest of the restaurant. The manager asked us 20 min after we received our wings if they had ever came out, then we asked her for utensils and of course she didn't remember to bring any so what was the point. Do yourself a favor and don't let the "cute little patio area" draw you into this disaster of a so-called restaurant. There are plenty of others in Charlotte to choose from.
3	Pros:-Pizza is well cooked, tastes fresh.-Decor is interesting-Restaurant is lively.  Lots of people, fun atmosphereCons:-For pizza, the wait/cooking time is very slow-For pizza, the cost is pricey
2	Nice atmosphere, cool set-up.  We only had pizza, so I'll stick to that.   A bit on the pricey side for a personal pizza.  Doughy crust, no crunch.  WAY too much sauce, we were blotting it on the plates to remove the excess.   With Tony's Pizza a few steps away, I can't see why I would go back.  If you want good atmosphere or want to have a few beers, cool place.  If you just want to eat good food, you can find better.
4	We visited Mellow Mushroom for the first time for dinner this Saturday night. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The place has a great atmosphere and the portions are huge. We ended up taking home almost half of the meal.
4	My daughter decided that we would be having pizza today for dinner, so we headed to MM and got ourselves situated for a feast.Starting with the bruschetta as an appetizer. Really nice chopped tomatoes on the crusty bread, the drizzled balsamic was excellent. Scooped up every little bit. Five pieces is a weird number - it does not divide very well!Then the pizzas. Veggies for me and it was well loaded up. The crust was nice and crunchy but just a little doughy. I really enjoyed it and we brought half of it home. My daughter chose the Thai Dye and substituted tofu for the chicken. It was also tasty and the cucumbers on it really gave it a nice clean flavor. Yum!Good service and good food. A solid "Yay! I'm a fan." experience.
4	Service was a little slow when we sat outside. We were placed at a table and never did find our official waiter. Just got waited on by whoever noticed we were just sitting there. But the food was well worth the wait. Got the Boozer, a pizza only at Charlotte MM locations and it was spectacular. Planning on going back just to get the pizza to go.
3	A pretty good Mellow Mushroom, though the service was a little odd. The waitress seemed like she didn't really have a handle on the menu, and reacted with suspicion when we asked for Coke Zero (clearly listed on the menu) before coming back and saying that it wasn't available. The food was good, and they kept one of our pizzas separate from the others (it had gluten free ingredients) but I've been to better Mellow Mushrooms.
1	Terrible service. Extreeeemely slow. Crappy attitudes. Lazy food servers. The food was nothing impressive. Fast food at McDonalds is better in comparison. Save yourself time and wasting your money on crappy food. Seriously, you might as well get a frozen pizza. Inviting name and cool looking place, besides that, I have no idea how this place makes money. I will never ever go back to this place. It's just pitiful. This is my first review on yelp. This place was that terrible, I just had to share...
3	I'm not a huge fan of Mellow Mushroom. Wide selection of pizza offerings.
5	One of my absolute favorite eaterys....we have been several times and it has always been delicious.love the beer selection,but usually stick with a good ole pitcher of guiness! The wait is usually long but its always worth it!
3	Good food. Lots of beer on tap and very tasty cocktails. Prices are middle of the road.
4	Love the local beers, pretzels and Thai Dye pizza! Can get noisy in there so request to sit outside on a nice night. They will make a pizza half and half for you so you can try the different types. They also offer vegan alternatives which is wonderful!
2	I've been to many a Mellow Mushroom and the food at this one is the worst.  Crust is good on the pizza but then it goes down hill from here.  The toppings (if they actually have the one you want) are bland.  I ordered a pizza with pineapple and ham.  When pizza arrived the bartender said we are out of pineapple but we made the pizza with the ham.  If you'd like we can take the ham off.  We had another pizza they advertised as only at their store.  It was bland too. Wings taste like they have been reheated multiple times.  No crispiness.  Garlic pretzels were the hit of the menu.This place was actually closed on one visit because their food order didn't arrive. Yes they ran out of food. Poorly managed place.  Two stars for beer selection
3	I enjoy the pizza at Mellow Mushroom but find that oftentimes they're too busy or understaffed to give customers enough attention. J. and I had dinner here and waited 15 minutes before being able to place our order (drinks + food). We had to wait about half an hour after that for our pizza to arrive. Once our server brought our food out to us, we didn't see her again until we had to wave her down for our check. The restaurant itself has a fun atmosphere, food and drinks are delicious, and it's a great place to bring a group. It can be a little loud at times, but I don't think that's a big deal.
4	It's got great pizza but is more than a pizza place. The salads are tasty and interesting, more than the typical romaine/iceberg with the usual dressings. The portobello mushroom appetizer is not listed as a salad but comes on a bed of arugula with a delicious creamy garlic sauce drizzled over it and is fantastic. I had my first beer cheese here and it was delish. It's a fondue like mixture of beer and cheese just in case you weren't sure. It went extremely well with the pretzels they serve it with which are made from their one of a kind pizza dough. Their dough is so soft and uniquely them, it just can't really be compared to other pizza dough. I think they use whole grain flour, yet it isn't cardboard like. The mushroom pizza is really really good and again has said creamy sauce drizzled all over. They offer a wide selection of beer on tap including several hefeweizens and a raspberry wheat which I loved. On certain nights they have entertainment, I've seen a DJ and some trivia games being played that anyone could participate in if they were staying for a while. Each time the service was speedy, friendly and humorous. Definitely at the top of my list for pizza night out.
5	Not traditional pizza but really good. All the haters clearly have not tried the red skin potato pie. I want to baptize my child in the spicy ranch and the crust is delicious.They also have a good beer selection and the atmosphere is fun. They even have gluten free and vegan options for your annoying friends. You'll probably have to wait for a table during peak hours and your pizza might take a little while but that's because it is made with EXTRA LOVE.
2	This place is ridiculously understaffed. We had to take our food to go and we live 45 minutes away. Cool atmosphere but wouldn't recommend it based on service.
3	Service from a restaurant named "Mellow Mushroom" that proudly displays psychadelic art, giant colorful mushrooms, and various other stoner-culture memorabilia around the store is, as expected, horrible.  I sat at my table, menu closed, for at least 10 minutes before I got up and went to the bar to see if I could get a beer.  Lo-and-behold!  my waitress saw my move and was right over.  After I ordered a pint of her finest, trance-inducing ale (which by the way they may have TOO many beers to choose from - I spent another couple of minutes getting the low-down on each of the local brews, which of course my waiter had a lot of "uhhh I dunno what that one is, I can go ask" moments) we crushed a meatball appetizer and had a large pizza with 'roni and fungus.  I will admit - the pizza was killer.  It wasn't the ole moon dog, watered down angry-as-hell Mellow Mushroom before they left Charlotte "forever" pizza... it was the good ole Mellow Mushroom pizza from back in the day before all the drama - delicious.So 4 pints (that were on special), meatball appetizer (which is like 4 average sized meatballs) a large pie with 2 toppings... ~$50+tip  REALLY?  how is that a good family night value?  Our pizza was around $25 by itself!  That's ridiculous, and I don't care how good it tasted.  Honestly, for at least $10 cheaper a meal, Hawthornes is a way better value - the only reason to choose Mellow Mushroom is because they have those sweet Dyson-style hand air-blade dryers in the bathroom.  Maybe I'll stop into Mellow Mushroom to wash my hands on my way to Hawthornes - they're just the type of thing to keep the stoner in me coming back for more.
3	Love this place. Not traditional pizzas but all are really great. Awesome pizza crust!! Sandwiches and salads are equally great  (tried several throughout our visits). Terrific beer menu! Lots of choices.  Family friendly with indoor and outdoor dining.
4	Some of the best pizza in Charlotte. Unfortunately understaffed and somewhat dirty floors and tables need cleaning. Pizza and salads are wonderful. But the colorful plastic plates needs to be trashed.....incredible amount of scratches and knife marks on surface
4	Very good pizza! Sometimes they can be slow, but that's because they are so popular. Casual atmosphere with a nice sized bar and plenty of TVs.
1	Saturday night Pizza. We had takeout. One large pepperoni and one medium "house special". The outer crust was thick and wide. When I get a pizza with this oversized rim I'm thinking I'm  paying for bread and not Pizza. The medium specialty Pizza was less than 6 inches of actual Pizza toppings. The type of restaurant that would think that this is acceptable is also the type of restaurant that doesn't care if their product is any good.On the good side - it's edible Pizza. Unfortunately it's just not that good. Not special in any way. Plus it's expensive. Not much else to say.
2	Rude hostess staff and servers are clearly limited. Went in on a Friday for lunch and was told they'd have a fourty five minute wait because they only had 2 servers scheduled. Really?!? Not smart. Pizza was tasty and as noted by others, expensive. I'm sad to say, it's not worth a 45-minute wait. I won't go near this place on the weekends, let the rest of south Charlotte wait in line and skip on over to the other place by 'Toast' on Rea Rd. Or - True pizza by Target is a great family friendly option. Sorry mellow, I'll save my cravings for your Asheville location where they clearly know how to staff appropriately and have the best service.....
