4	T errific staff, willing to help you completely even without commission!R eally good inventory of stuff, both in the store and online.I come here every time we're in Tempe [at least once a year haha]S o far, have gotten lots of nutrition, The Stick, some clothes, and a wetsuit.P ick up from online orders is free!O nline inventory is different from in-store, so be sure to check both.R egularly priced items are closer to MSRP usually, butT heir sale and clearance stuff is a steal! And they regularly have good coupons.S uper wish we had one in SoCal... get on that already, guys!!
4	I stop in here often when I'm riding my bike home from work.  The customer service here is excellent; the staff really knows their stuff, and they are extremely helpful.  The selection at the Tempe store is a little limited compared to the Tucson store and online, but you can order anything and pick it up at the store for free.  Triathlon gear is expensive, but they have good sales and coupons, and the gear is high-quality and built to last.  If you are a triathlete, thinking about becoming a triathlete or need a gift for a triathlete, it's definitely worth a visit.
1	(Review for newer location in Scottsdale) The first time I arrived at tri sports they were closed despite listing the hours as opened on the voice mail. Today I tried again. I live 38 miles away, round trip. The place listed 10 a.m. as the opening time on the business door and on voice mail. I waited until 11 a.m. and called several times. Several other people showed up wondering why it was not open as well. Then, I went across the street to another tri store that carried everything I wanted and had staff there during business hours.
3	The company owner called and apparently they have had some issues with staff and an error on scheduling, which resulted in no staff on a day the store should have been opened. This was the day I waited outside the store. I am glad that he called and, as a result, I am giving them a higher score.
