4	Amazing hotcakes/pancakes.The line moves quickly for such a small place.The homefries are also great.I will miss this place - I wish they had a location in California.
5	This place is wonderful! Who doesn't love it? The crepe pancakes are outstanding. The home fries, soft and buttery. The Oakland location was somewhat recently remodeled to be bright and inviting. The Strip location has a couple unique and well regarded items such as the Tex Mex Omelette and pulled pork sandwich.
4	man, this place is GOOD.  its cheap and tasty, the only downside is that its pretty small so there's often a line for brunch on saturday and sunday.  my favorite thing there is the banana walnut hotcakes (basically, hotcakes are like thin pancakes, maybe its a pittsburgh thing)
3	oh yeah. great pancakes. of course, i like the ones that are like dessert -filled with strawberries, brown sugar, whipped AND sour cream! but i didn't like the omelet last time. watery with veggies, american cheese. and the toast was slathered in margarine. is butter that much more expensive? but it's not like i won't go back ;) plus, we took my brother (visiting from SF) and he thought it was very decent grub, especially the home fries.
5	Have you ever moved across the country and missed a breakfast place so much you think a 500 dollar plane ticket sounds like a reasonable way to attain said breakfast? I miss Pamela's!!!I never liked pancakes until I had them here. These things aren't pancakes...pancakes are just spongier eggos without the tic tac pattern. What Pamela's makes are excursions to ecstacy-land! They are thin but not quite crepe-thin with a vanilla-ey flavor that is singular and delicious. I garauntee you haven't had a "pancake" like this before, and if you move away from the burgh, sadly, you never will again. My crazy best friend insisted we bring our own 100% maple syrup which isn't necessary to love these babies but why eat caviar with wonder bread? (In that analogy, Pam's cakes are the caviar and the provided syrup is the wonder bread.) We also loved the breakfast potatoes, but discovered you had to ask for them "well done" for them to be optimal. This meant that we often recieved them AFTER our hot cakes and to be honest, it was seldom that our orders were perfectly or efficiently executed, but that didn't stop us from waiting outside in the freezing rain for half an hour to get a table. I didn't come for lunch. That's just crazy talk. You come for the pancakes. Especially if you don't like pancakes.
4	My main goal when going to Pamela's was to get a giant plate of the lyonnaise potatoes. Sure, the pancakes, crepes, eggs, etc are very tasty, but those potatoes made the struggle to find parking in Oakland, trip to get cash beforehand (no credit cards!), wait in line and occasionally slow service 100% worth it.
3	I love the Studio54 decor of this place!  The service was good.  I also love the open kitchen.  Unfortunately, the food (I had the beef hash) was ridiculously greasy.  Granted, it tasted very good and was made with real ingredients (not from a can).   I am still investigating whether it was the exhorbinant amount of grease, or if my order was laced with Prozac.   Do not eat the food unless you do not require a working nervous system for the rest of your day.  I foolishly went to this diner to order breakfast food for breakfast.I may return whenst hungover.
5	I love Pamela's.  Like Sarah Beth (see review below), I pine for it when I'm far away and make it one of my all-important stops whenever I'm in Pgh. for a visit.  There are four (or five?) locations, but this location in the heart of Squirrel Hill remains my favorite; the Shadyside location on Walnut Street is a close second.  Unfortunately, one reason S.H.'s store was my favorite was because of its unassuming decor--this summer I stopped in and it had completely changed.  Expect now to see gigantic John Travolta paintings (album cover recreated), disco balls, and eye-jarring colors.  It's cool, but more apt for a weekend-long party than a full-time restaurant.  Bring back the middle-class diner look!So you think you don't like pancakes?  You're in my boat, friend.  I don't really dig 'em myself.  I tried the famous pancakes at Pamela's expecting to ditch them and move forward, but I got hooked.  They're amazing.  Very huge in their circumference but ever-so-thin in width.  They taper out so that the edges are crepey and crispy and oh-so-delectable.  I LOVE THE PANCAKES.  I want some now.  The combination breakfasts are ridiculously affordable.  Pancakes, eggs, and bacon or sausage.  As I recall, the coffee ain't so terrific.  Maybe that's changed by now, but I used to get coffee before or after at the Coffee Tree across the street if I really wanted some.
3	I just don't get the deal? Why all the line ups for a standard greasy spoon diner? I had breakfast there and it wasn't bad, but definitely didn't blow my hair back. Is there something particular I should be ordering when I come here?
5	We went here for breakfast while visiting a friend in Pittsburgh.  Man, was it fabulous.  I had the blueberry pancakes, my wife had the strawberry pancakes.  They are *so* delicious.  The whole outer inch of the pancakes were crispy, the berries were fresh.  They're thin, chewy, crispy circles of wonder.  Service was good and pretty fast.
4	Really decent standard diner fare, which is no great shakes, but one of the best places to eat in Pittsburgh for breakfast.  The pancakes are more like crepes, which won points with me, and my pal had what looked like a proper lumberjack meaty meal.  Real kudos go to the great 1930's - 1960's photos covering every wall surface.  Random and wonderful.
4	"Dude get the 'morning after' breakfast" my friend says... What is it? he says "Don't worry trust me" ...Most of the time this scenerio has a bad ending, but this time I am glad I took my stoner friend's advice.  The morning after breakfast is their banana, chocolate chip pancakes with bacon, egg and sausage... It was so so so so good!!!!If you're coming to visit Pittsburgh you have to go to Pamelas.  My only gripe about it is that for a breakfast place they open late.  7:30am!!!
5	The service sucks and they only take cash, but their pancakes are pure ambrosia.  I've never done cocaine, but I bet it feels like how Pamela's pancakes taste.  Their homefries are excellent too.  They make great toast.  The rest of their stuff (eggs, bacon, sausage, etc.) is good, but nothing especially fantastic.Get the pancakes; you will not regret it.  I have flown from California back to Pittsburgh just to eat them.
4	I'll admit, I was skeptical about Pamela's pancakes.  How good could they REALLY be?  Were they worth waiting in line, in the cold, for?  Were they worth sitting at the table by the door and being blasted with cold air every thirty seconds?Yes.  They were.  They were thin and crispy, with plenty of strawberries and delicious brown sugar-sour cream glaze.  They were so good they didn't even need maple syrup.  The potatoes were pretty good too.  The meal was a little pricier than expected, but the food was filling so now I know that next time, I don't need pancakes and a side of potatoes.Considering how packed this place was at 10:30 on a Saturday morning, we got seated amazingly quickly and service was pretty fast.  It does kind of suck that they're cash only, but there are a number of ATMs on Forbes and Murray.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying the blueberry and banana & chocolate chip pancakes - hopefully at a table a little farther from the door.
3	I don't get the hype of Pamela's.  The crowded atmosphere is nice, but the food is pretty mediocre, and the service kinda sucks.  I'll go back, but there are better breakfast places to be found in the 'burgh.(And it's another Pittsburgh business that doesn't take credit cards.  What's with this?  Is it 1990 here?  Most of the places I went to regularly in La Paz, Bolivia, take credit cards.)
2	The only good thing about this place is the strawberry hotcakes.  Here's the thing: the combination of sliced fresh strawberries, sour cream, and brown sugar is sheer genius.  I'll give them that.  But you can do the very same thing AT HOME.  And you can do it without waiting outside in the heat/rain/snow for 20+ minutes, having to have cash on hand, eating your meal sitting practically on a stranger's lap, or wondering what the strange sticky substance on the table is.  Oh, hey, and you can even brew a decent cup of coffee while you're at it.
2	Maybe I'm just spoiled but this place is sub par. Been to the one in Sq. Hill were there is line on the weekends and a wait of anywhere from 10 -30 min. I've only been there when there was no line and I despise myself each time I finish my food thinking "I could have gone home and put extra scoop of lard on my eggs and it would have cost less than 1/4 of what I payed at Pamela's".
3	Great place for a family breakfast. Food here is okay and what you'd expect if you went to an IHOP or Bob Evans restaurant. Food here is reasonably priced and the service is pretty quick. I think they have take out but the eating here is pretty cool too.
2	i went online and searched for best brunch in town and this place popped up. after reading the reviews i thought i would try out a popular brunch spot in Pittsburgh. Apparently they have multiple locations and obama has been to one of them, however not the at this location..anyways, i was staying downtown and when i got in the cab the driver told me that this Pamela's was the furthest outside the city, about 4 miles, but i insisted and went anyway.the restaurant was small, cash only. the food was typical diner breakfast food. i wasn't blown away by anything special. yes their pancakes are crepe style but aside from the small asterisk not much stood out as spectacular. the French toast i ordered was tasty but i had to move the glob of butter they gave me to another plate. the bacon was thin, not thick like i would have suspected for a place that is known for its breakfast food.i can't say much else that intrigued me.
4	Wow...there are some seriously mixed reviews on here about this Pamela's location...what a shame.Yes, there's nothing quite "special" about this place - aside from the fact that it's a Pittsburgh tradition.  The place is small and the line is usually out the door (especially if you wake up late), but there aren't many diners in Pittsburgh and this one is bright and cheerful...to say nothing of being inexpensive.I looked over the other reviews given to this place and most of the questionable ratings were given by people from out of town or with unreasonable expectations.  For example, Louis P. writes "...what you'd expect if you went to IHOP or Bob Evans..."  That is completely untrue.  The quality of food, the service and the experience are all several levels above those CHAIN establishments.  And you also have to keep in mind that you are patronizing a locally & independently owned/operated business.  This place has real character and is a fixture of the community.Go here for the crowd, go here to see cute little kids play with their food, go here to support a local business, go here for the quality (inexpensive) food.  Just go here.  Sure, you could make you're own breakfast and save a little money/time...but if that's what you want, don't complain about Pamela's or compare it to sub-par chains.Things to keep in mind:- Bring cash but it's not as big of a hassle as other reviewers suggest...there are two banks across the street and two more down the block.- I recommend the omelets.- Arrive early, the line grows quickly.
5	To put things in perspective - the freaking President of the United States recently served these pancakes *at the White House.* The only other food I've ever consumed that could claim that was Legal Seafood's clam chowder - and just as thinking of returning to Boston makes me long for that chowder, these pancakes have made my move to Pittsburgh that much less painful.Just try the damn pancakes. If you don't like them, they only set you back $6 or so. But odds are, you'll like them. The rest of the menu is nothing special, but having a good pancake is enough to get 5 stars in my book. My only nitpick is that they do the Southern-style "pay at the register" thing, which I haven't seen much of in Pittsburgh (so it feels out of place) - but if that really bothers you enough to affect your rating, take my advice: never eat south of the Mason-Dixon line.
3	Pamela's is a great place for breakfast food, but expect to intake a large number of calories and fat.  Everything is extremely buttered and you got large servings of everything.  I think that their potatoes could go with a smaller amount of onions.
4	Who are these people that are doubting the power of Pamela's?!? It's all about the breakfast food. It's all about the POTATOES!! I think I have a soft spot for this location in particular (which, I think, has better POTATOES) because I use to live down the street, but either way, it's diner food with a superior delicious factor.Yes, there is a wait, but welcome to Pittsburgh. Any good breakfast/brunch spot has a wait between 12 and 3 on weekends. Just go early or late and you'll be fine. I've never waited more than 15 minutes or so, even if there were people in front of me. The service is fast. The staff is accommodating. The food is delicious (get any of the omelets or the pancakes - those thin pancakes are to die for). In fact, on my latest visit to Pittsburgh, I INSISTED that we stop at Pamela's first thing so I could get my fave omelet and those fantabulous potatoes. You'll love it! Dig in and enjoy guys.
4	I'm not going to lie - I never enjoy how I feel after eating here but I sure do enjoy the actual eating part! I tend to stick with the corned beef hash, which is SO GOOD. No need to change the routine when something is working for you, right? I've had the pancakes a few times but they always seem too buttery to me but maybe I've just had some bad luck? Obama sure seems to like 'em! After eating the heaping plate of deliciousness I'm usually ready for a nap so I don't make any big post-Pamela's plans. The wait can be long but if you need a Pamela's fix, it's a small price to pay!
4	There are not too many options for a (good) breakfast in the Oakland area of Pittsburgh to feed the hungry college students and their visiting friends and families.  Aside from the usual Starbucks, Mickey D's, and that bagel place that begins with a "B" (Bruebakers?), the pickins are slim.  And then, there's Pamelas.......There's a reason why they line up early on weekend mornings.......it's good, really good!  Those thin, crepe-like pancakes are among the best ever, especially if you get them topped or stuffed with fruit, cream cheese or whatever they have.  They're like eating dessert for breakfast.  Their omlets are also pretty awesome -- the TexMex is my new fave with the chorizo, salso, guac, sour cream, etc.  Service is slow, and not especially friendly - this isn't the place to go if you want to feel all warm and fuzzy and have the waitress call you "Hon."  Also, the coffee here is pretty lame - stick with the juices and get your coffee from the other offerings up and down Forbes Avenue, but for heaven's sake - leave your appetitie to Pamelas!
4	The best breakfast you can find in the area, hands down. Went here with my family several months ago when it was warm, so there weren't a ton of college kids around nor did we have to wait outside in the cold. That being said, we all loved it here! Not only is it spectacular for breakfast and brunch (try the hotcakes!), what I love about this location of Pamela's is that the walls are completely decked out in Warhol-style murals of famous people like Janis Joplin (and I think the owner?) and old-school board games are attached to the wall as well. The space is large, there are two seating areas. That doesn't stop giant lines from forming though, so go early if you can. Cash only.
4	I can't believe the less than great reviews for Pamela's.  I also can't believe that I've never reviewed this place before, despite it being right around the corner from me.Well I woke up yesterday with an appetite for a really good breakfast.  So borrowing an idea from a really good friend of mine, I decided to take my guy out to eat.  Well he must have really had a great appetite himself because he ordered the bannana walnut pancakes.  Carbs!  Calories!  Fat!  (Mmmm, just thinking about that--Pump that insulin Susan!  Pump!).  Well I am a type-1 diabetic and even though I opted for the slightly less carb-a-lish-ous pancakes and an egg on the side, I still was pumping that insulin 'cos their 'cakes are s-o-o-o-o good!  The menu even bills them as The Devil's Carb Corner!  Hey, a girl can't eat just scrambled eggs all her life!  A couple of things though.  Pamela's does have a lunch menu, but they don't serve these on Sunday.  Also the place is "CASH ONLY" so be sure to stop at the ATM beforehand.
4	I went here for brunch on a Sunday morning. I was amazed at how quickly they could run people through this joint--yet I know I at least didn't feel even vaguely rushed. The line for seating moved quickly, we waited less than 20 minutes with several parties ahead of us.We had a party of six so I expected that we wouldn't all be able to sit together, so we broke up into two parties, but the wait staff had remembered we split up so when two tables next to each other freed up they made sure we could move to those tables to stick together. I really appreciated that! The service really was top notch, I was really impressed!I had a bacon and cheese omelet. It was pretty good, though I wasn't too impressed with the cheese in the omelet. However, I thought the quality of the potatoes more than made up for that! I could've eaten nothing but those breakfast potatoes and been a very, very happy girl!The bathroom situation was a bit of a put-off, too. You had to go down a very narrow, very sketchy looking set of stairs and the bathroom just didn't seem clean to me at all. I'd suggest avoiding it if at all possible.And remember, Pamela's is CASH ONLY!
2	Despite the fact this place is a 5 minute walk from our home I've probably only been inside once or twice.  It just never looked very clean to me.  Recently, my partner and I went for brunch on a Sunday.  I will admit the pancakes are delicious and that's exactly what I ordered.  Unfortunately, the young man who brought our plates to the table carried a plate of eggs on top of my blueberry pancakes - YUCK.  When I asked him to please take back my pancakes and explained why he assured me the bottom of plate had not touched my food, however, he was unable to explain how blueberry sauce managed to get all over the bottom of the plate of eggs.  He took the dish back to the kitchen and I watched as he told the "cook" what happened.  The cook appeared to laugh and share the story with several others behind the counter (apparently oblivious to the fact that the "kitchen" is open and in plain view of the diners.)  The cook then put a glove on and used his hand to scrape off the blueberries and put new new blueberries on the same pancakes.  The server brought my "new" pancakes back and I promptly sent them back.  In all fairness, our original server did not know anything about this and she apologized and offered to bring me another meal.  Needless to say, we both had lost our appetites. I knew there was a reason I didn't eat here...
3	The service sucks, the place is dirty and cramped and there's usually a line out the door .  But the hotcakes are unique and wonderful; a food always worth the calories and unavailable anyplace else.
4	Great place to get brunch. I've had the fruit stuffed crepes and the homemade corned beef and hash, and highly recommend both. They get pretty busy, but are good at keeping the crowds moving without making you feel rushed.
5	Amazing pancakes.I have never had anything melt in my mouth like these hot cakes. I went with the banana walnut cakes and they were thin and slightly crispy. Almost crepe like. Not your typical pancake, but they were out of this world.If you like breakfast or brunch, this is a must stop in the U.S.The atmosphere is what you would expect at a diner. Very simple and retro. Good place to bring a group.
5	I love this place!! I live in Chicago and try to eat a short stack and home fries every chance I get when I'm here visiting my husband's family. There are lines during peak hours and they only accept cash - but it is about the food. Even the Obama's love it!
5	I love it here! My fiance and I eat here all the time. We always get the strawberry pancakes, potatoes, and sausage.  Everything is always delicious.  It's amazing, just amazing.  just be prepared -- people love this place, so there is often a line on the weekend. But don't be intimidated, it moves quickly!
3	Pancakes are amazingly good; service is incredibly bad.  Highly recommend it for the food; but beware - service is truly bad.  It's a "I can't-be-bothered-with-you" type of attitude which drives me nuts.As long as you go for the food and recognize that the waitresses are just snotty you'll enjoy yourself (and yes, there is a wait - always).
5	I have not yet to this day found any breakfast place as good as Pamela's. The crepe-style pancakes with strawberries, brown sugar, sour cream and whipped cream are just to die for. Also notable are the Lyonnaise potatoes. I'm sure there are other good things on the menu, but I've never bothered to order anything else. The prices are great! One person plus drink and a side of potatoes is $10-12. The waitstaff is friendly, but sometimes overworked. Drink refills are sporadic. The food comes out very quickly, though, so once you're seated, you're usually helped and served pretty fast.Decor is awesome! The restaurant can tend to be loud, especially on weekend mornings. If you come in a group, make sure everyone in your party is there and ready to be seated, or you could be waiting for quite some time.
4	Never had a bad meal here.  Hotcakes are delicious, Lyonaise potatos (home fries) are to die for, and most everything else is near as good.... Except for the coffee!   Which needs some real creamer rather than the dilute milk provided and some extra care with selection and brewing.  But the hotcakes are yummy!!!Also a very friendly, quick, and quality place to cater from.
5	4.5 stars - minus .5 star for the east coast style service that might not be warm enough for the occasional west coast tourist.Otherwise, I have not found corned beef hash or hotcakes as good as what Pamela's serves here.The strawberry hotcakes are filled with strawberries, brown sugar, and cream, and the crispy hotcake with an occasional brown sugar crunch is always more than satisfying. Then there's the corned beef hash that I dream of whenever I taste other kinds of hashes elsewhere. It looks simple and homely, but somehow it tastes heavenly.I always come here whenever I'm in town!
3	I like to come here every now and then, it's a far cry from being the best at anything.  But it's quick, cheap, and lacking pretension.
2	I want to start my reviews of Pittsburgh stating that I love it.  Not for the food, not for the ngiht life, but for the fact that I have such fantastic friends living there who make it an amazing, fun, carefree experience to visit them.  They also get really excited about food in Pittsburgh, and after an amazing night out where we slept at 530 AM we woke up and decided to go for brunch at the famous Pamela's.  We walked in to a large diner, with the smell of corned beef, eggs and browned sugar welcoming us.After perusing the menu and looking around me, I decided on the corned beef and swiss omelette, the onion rings and a blueberry crepe order to share with Georges.  Andrea ordered eggs with bacon and ham (yes both), as Alejandro, and Georges ordered the chorizo patties with eggs.  After adding an extra order of lyonnaise potatoes we decided to start with those.The food was...well disappointing.  Everything was covered in margarine (not butter, not olive oil but margarine), the chorizo was greasy, and the pancakes were beyond disappointing, shooting into the land of mediocrity whose anthem starts with "you must be kidding, these are famous?"The only things I liked were the onion rings and the lyonnaise potatoes which were only ok, but compared to the rest were-well, better.I will be back to Pittsburgh to see everyone I love very much, but I do not think Pamela and I will meet again.
4	This Squirrel Hill location is now closed. But don't worry, Pamela's is still in the neighborhood, just around the corner. Same food (in other words, same delicious strawberry hotcakes), same service.For the new location's Yelp page go here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pamelas-upstreet-pittsburgh#hrid:ALHFycq2Qx3_9E3Mw2MSnQ/My major issue with this old Forbes Ave location was how the tables were so tightly crowded together. Even though I'm not a big-hipped girl, I was always worried I'd knock someone's eggs or hash off their table as I passed. Happily, this is less of a danger at the more spacious new location.
2	"My name is Barack Obama and I approve this restaurant."  - The President of the United StatesAlright, so I totally made up that quote, although it is true that Obama did make a stop at Pamela's while visiting Pittsburgh and loved it.  But even though I voted for the guy, I can't say that I'm with him on this one.  Pamela's is just okay.  Pretty much everything on the menu is standard and over-the-top greasy.  Even their so-called famous hotcakes fail to dazzle my taste buds, and I can assure you that my taste buds are not particularly discriminating, especially during the time that I lived in Pittsburgh as a broke college student.  I don't really get the hype and why there is always an obscenely long wait.  The decor is pretty wacky and fun, I guess?
5	I go to Pamela's every time I visit Pittsburgh. I've only ever gotten the pancakes (with chocolate chips and bananas). Get those, you will not regret it. As for the other reviews and other food, I haven't experience it so I cannot comment on that. It is a small place and rather crowded so get there early before the Pitt students wake up. Yum!
4	Biiiig biiiiig fan! I love the american breakfast, waffles, crepes, eggs.. And there is no better than place in Squirrel Hill other than Pamela's for a good brunch. Their strawberry hotcakes are the best. Thin crepes with fresh cut strawberries with sugar sprinkled in them...along with a side of their hashbrowns, makes a complete meal. People argue that their food is greasy and I am not going to disagree. But you have been warned!This restaurant has now been moved to a new bigger place. There is now more room with tables a little apart. i would definitely visit again and again, every time I am in town.
4	You will definitely not go away hungry after breakfast at Pamela's. The servings are huge and the prices are moderate (though it is cash only). Had the breakfast special which came with two eggs, choice of meat, and two of their famous crepe pancakes - couldn't finish it all! As to the pancakes, they are thin, crispy around the edges, and the size of a dinner plate. I wished I had ordered the strawberry stuffed pancakes after I saw them at the table next to me. Oh well, there's always next time! Visited August 2011
4	I have warm and fuzzy memories of coming in here and staring up at the Village People while I nursed my hangovers. That is not a typo. Hangovers. Plural. I had a great time living in Pittsburgh. You only live once, so eat at Pamela's.
4	We are frequent diners at Pamela's. We really enjoy this place, and we are glad it is close to us.Yes, the wait can be fairly long. However, I don't think we've had to wait longer than 15 minutes at their new location on Murray. We are generally a smaller party, which helps.The crepe-style pancakes are terrific. The crunchy outside of the pancakes are a nice touch, and they are very flavorful. Their Lyonnaise potatoes are some of the best I've had. The rest of the menu is pretty good, but these are the standouts.The service is always very good. We've gotten to know some of the staff working here, and they always take time to say hello and give our daughter a big hug. We really just love them. In addition, we generally receive our food very fast, which is great as we are usually starving when we get here.Yeah, they are cash only, but that helps keep the prices down. And there are at least 4 banks right around the corner with ATMs. It's not that hard to get cash around here. Not a big deal to me.Not sure this is the best breakfast ever (or even in Pittsburgh). But the food is really good, very reliable, and the service is excellent. It's our local breakfast place for a reason.
5	Everything about this place is great! came here sunday for brunch, they apparently ONLY serve brunch/breakfast menu items on sundays. I ordered the morning after special; two eggs sunnyside up, sausage and banana walnut hot cakes with a side of their home fried potatoes.The sunny side up eggs and sausage were pretty standard but their hotcakes were amazing!  It was two hotcakes rolled up like a crepe, stuffed with banana walnuts and whipped cream, tasted like banana ice cream heaven! Haha! Their home styled potatoes were delicious too! It's moist, gooey and flavorful. They're just potatoes, yea... but really good ones! Order it!The service was great too! Food comes pretty quickly and my favorite part is when you have a large group and want to split the check, just line up at the register with the check and they'll ring each person up individually! I've never seen that before. This place is great!
5	Enjoyed the food, staff was very welcoming and friendly and there was no wait at all! Will definitely be returning!
4	I've been to three different Pamela's locations and have never been disappointed. I once had lunch there but for the real Pamela's experience, I go for the breakfast food. The pancakes (crepe-like) are huge and tasty. The eggs are never too greasy and the Lyonnaise potatoes are delicious. When the table orders coffee, you get a carafe for everyone. The Squirrel Hill location has especially great service along with its great atmosphere and great food.
4	Excellent!I came here while visiting a friend in Pittsburgh over the weekend and Pam's was so good!Everyone in our group tried the Hot cakes which were delicious. I am not a fan of pancakes in general? But these? THESE I can eat. They are crispy and sugary and not as heavy as pancakes so what I'm trying to say is they're heavenly and if you go, you must try them.I got the corned beef hash with 2 eggs and toast. It was probably the best corned beef hash I've ever had. It was really filling so the toast wasn't necessary, but all in all the meal was delicious, the prices were reasonable, and the food came out SUPER fast. Minus one star because there was a bit of a wait. We expected there to be a wait on the weekends but still... The staff was wonderful and I would recommend this place to everyone!
4	This is a really good breakfast place that has a nice variety of dishes for relatively cheap prices. They are known for their hotcakes which are like a cross between crepes and pancakes, which my friend ordered and were really tasty with fresh strawberries.  I ordered an omelet which was also quite good.  Decor is that of a typical diner.  Service was good.  We somehow ended up seated by a bunch of loud kids who sat at tables on either side of us, which kind of ruined the ambiance (they sat down after we selected our table), but that was not the fault of the restaurant.
2	It's ok
4	Came here once when I first moved to Pitt. Luckily we didn't have to wait to long to be seated. I ordered the strawberry pancakes and my boyfriend the banana. We also added on the lyonnaise potatoes. Both our pancakes were delicious, maybe a tiny bit too sweet for breakfast. But hey, I ordered it! The potatoes were good just a little too salty/greasy. This place is definitely fun for a once a year treat!
