1	Me too! We were in the area looking for a nice quick lunch. at 11:30AM we walked in and were promptly told all tables and the bar were full for lunch.I was shocked that a restaurant which was completely empty, save one table of 2, would turn away 2 well dressed business people. But they did! recommending a reservation next time. Note to owner. There are enough other restaurants in the area that there will not be a next time for me.So we heard the same story at the resto 1.5 blocks away, but they took us....an hour later we walked by L'Appartement and guess what. Empty tables, not full bar. Two people not likely to come back any time soon.Lesson for the owner. "A Bird in hand is better than two in the bush"http://www.answers.com/topic/bird-in-the-hand
4	I have not eaten here, but when in Montreal this is one of my favorite places to dance.The few times I've gone, I've been in the basement. They have great DJ's and the bartenders are always wonderful. Drinks are pricey, but I suppose that's to be expected. Bartenders and patrons alike loved that my friend and I are from America, so this was a very welcoming and extremely fun environment. It also served as a great place to meet people in the area, and one time we even got invited to a roof party that they had. Very fun! Very swanky!A great place to visit if you're from out of town and you're looking to get snazzed up and dance!
3	Was here for dinner, not the lounge. Has a fun atmosphere and the service is very friendly, but the food was pretty ordinary. It was a special deal menu, so perhaps other options are better, but based on that my first impression is poor. (So tips to chefs... don't put your worst showings out for the deal nights. There is just too much good competition in the neighborhood.) Won't come back for the restaurant, but may be back for the lounge which sounds great. Unfortunately in the restaurant section they have the music pumped up like in a club, so makes conversation very difficult. But it was pretty good music! So maybe try out the lounge for a better experience.
4	This place has a fun, dim, atmosphere. It can get loud, especially downstairs at the club/lounge. For dinner, I had the risotto - mouth watering! And shared an appetizer with my friend - mini lobster pogo's. For the carnivores, I hear the steak is phenomenal.
1	Full of douchebags and stupid chicks trying to look cool while the food is right from the microwave. The staff was nice, but the service was very, very slow. Ah, the wine was good... but that has nothing to do with the restaurant.
1	One good point : Staff was trying very hard to make us happy, despite the fact we didn't like our meal a bit (except for the wine, they have a nice choice). Ambiance... full of loud girls & pumped boys. Service was wayyy too long for a wednesday. The ' free ' menu for women on wednesday is absolutely NOT worth 20$, I had cannelloni, it tasted just like the ones you buy frozen at the grocery store, with a can of tomatoes on top, and the grated ' fresh' parmesan cheese was hard as rock, as if it stayed on the counter for hours. Appetizer was cheap, just a tiny green salad with vinaigrette. Really, overall. Do not go there. It's not good, and it's definately not worth the price. Besides, too much good restaurants around to waste your time and $ there.
5	I  have eaten and had drinks at Lappartement resto-lounge. The service and hosts and owner are all fabulous. Everything was amazing and the service was outstanding. The staff and crowd were friendly and fun. I have gone back regularly . I recommend the restaurant and the fun lounge. Five 5 Starts!! Excellent!!
1	Terrible terrible service by the blond waitress. I had been a couple of months ago with some friends and I wanted to bring myhusband to try their pulled pork poutine. I had checked the menu the night before and the poutine was still on it. When we checked the menu in the restaurant we were informed that it changes seasonally but that they had not updated their site. Very unprofessional and the waitress was rude about it. We got up and left without ordering anything to eat. We are now seated in grange vin & bouffe with excellent service.
2	Good was good-had the duck poutine which was good but very salty. The service was lovely; very kind. The music is very loud- expect a lounge feel. It is pretty pricy for the food but overall a good experience
1	So Resto L'appartement sucks.  While the establishment tries to be uber trendy it turns off customers who are actually more interested in the food than the fake vibe.
3	The place is nicely decorated and has a nice location along McGill street in the old port. A good size resto lounge equipped with a terasse on the a street and a solid dj on saturday night playing some nice beats. Not a place to come just for a drink, more for dinner and a cocktail, bar is kind of small. The waitress was very friendly and  helped my friend out with her wine selection, although wine and cocktails were average as well as the food. Opinions on the food around the table were that the braised beef was extremely tender and good portion, poutine was good but very heavy, salmon ribs and tartare were all average.On a final note, the food is a bit to pricey, drinks ok, nice decor/presentation and great service.It's worth a try to get your own experience but I don't think I'll give this one another go.
