4	The chicken wings that Morty's sells are arguably the best in all of KW. They have a number of different flavours and the wings themselves are much larger than the average. On Mondays and Thursdays Morty's has wing night specials where wings are only $0.59 each.The service can sometimes be slow, but this could be attributed to the amount of people in the restaurant. During nights, Morty's can get incredibly busy and you can end up waiting for some time for a table.The only other thing to note is that Morty's does not accept debit cards. Instead, they have an ATM inside the restaurant where you can grab cash from.
4	Visited Morty's with a pack of hungry girl friends.Service was blisteringly fast on this wing-special night. Staff was running everywhere.The wings are indeed one of the best I've had in a long time. And at 59 cents it's hard to get better value for money.We obviously ordered way more than we could handle. But had a bit of a surprise when we were charged a buck for a take out container.A little weird, but understandable with an eat-in special.Well -most definately- visit again!
5	Great wings.  tons of flavors.  packed on wing nights, but just go at odd hours and you'll be fine.
4	Good wings and fun atmosphere :)  The rest of the menu is what you'd expect from a college/university pub - but I think most people go here for the wings.
2	Every time I go to this place I try to forget that the last time I went I thought the wings weren't that great cause everyone seems to love the wings there so they must be good. However, every time I end up thinking why did I eat these wings and why didn't I just order dry cajun. The sauce is too watery and it soaks into the wing breading and the flavors themselves really aren't all that great. The wings aren't horrible, they just aren't as amazing as everyone says they are and for me really the only flavor worth getting is dry cajun. If I am going to go for wings I'd much rather pay a bit more and go for something like wild wings or all star wings in Toronto which have much more flavors to chose from. On a side note, the all dressed fries are actually amazing!
4	Morty's makes the best and biggest wings in the area. They're super cheap on wing night, but you'll wait in line for a while. The staff does a great job keeping on top of things, and the place always seems to be pretty busy. Definitely try their wings, even if they're not on special.
5	Took our youngest back up to Univ of Waterloo and after dropping of his 3 baskets of clean clothes, we took him out for dinner too, to Morty's!Great nachos, and a fine Beef Hoagie and a Rickards' Red...all served with a great smile from our co-ed waitress. That's what I like about this major Univ town...good food and great service!And, I had 2 Reds, too...fine place to visit when in town!:-)Jim
3	Morty's is a Waterloo establishment with a former owner having been a City Councillor for a number of years (now I think it's owned by the son).  It's been around for as long as I can remember and a frequent hangout through university with its cheap wings nights and beer (65 cents/each - a bump up recently from 59 cents/each).  It's what you'd expect of a pub/restaurant, a decent and consistent place.  To be honest, I can't say that I'm much of a wings guy so I've only tried the wings here once - but I have friends who can't stop extolling the wings of this place. If you're a wings fan, I'm guessing you would rate this place 5 stars.  Ate lunch with a client who is a big fan of this place today.  It's not entirely cheap if you're not going for the specials. I had a large greek salad with chicken + coke and my client had a buffalo wrap + diet coke.  Total came to $33 including tip.  I liked the salad - fresh ingredients and not too heavy on the dressing, the way I like it (though you might want to ask for more dressing on the side).  It was competent and the service was pretty good (though this might have been a function of the fact that it was pretty dead at the time).  Most of the other times I've been here, it's been crazy busy which is also an issue for finding parking, but I came by at 1pm today (Monday) and it was near empty.  If you do come during the busy times, there's only limited parking in front of the restaurant but quite a bit of parking around the block on the other side of the convenience store.  As another reviewer noted, they don't accept debit cards but they do have an ATM machine just inside.
4	The best wings in KW!The wings are saucy, humungous, delicious and on Monday and Thursday night they are only 69 cents a wing (though they're worth paying full price for).  They have a great patio, lots of dedicated regulars, and televisions for watching whatever game is on. The one downside is that when this place gets busy they won't seat your  party until you've all arrived. Parking is also extremely limited so be prepared to find street parking.Don't book a party in the basement, it feels like a dirty bungalow basement. You're better off with a large group somewhere else on King St.
4	I've been here that last few times I was in Waterloo.  It's got beer, big TVs/screens, wings that I swear were grown with HGH, and lots of good looking college gals.  Hard to go wrong really.
5	OK, I admit it's been 20+ years since I went to school in K/W.I've put back a lot of wings in a lot of bars around the world since then, but the golden standard that I keep coming back to is Morty's.Sure, a lot has changed since the Morty himself used to tell stories so long your wings would go cold. But his son (another Jay) has really taken the franchise and run with it. And good on 'em for doing it.The fact is, the staff bust their asses in this place getting the wings out: fresh, hot and huge. The beer is cold and cheap, and the scenery remains very attractive even if I'm getting too old to admire the fact that Laurier always had the hottest women in all of Ontario.If you want a night out with the boys, or a hockey game. With big beers and bigger wings, this is your place.
4	Thursday Wings Night is where it's at!I also completely agree with the comments listed, their wings are the best in KW, even better than Wild Wing, Crabby Joe's, etc.Warning though: This place is VERY popular amongst university students, and if you're arriving in game nights, Thursday nights, or weekends you're almost guaranteed a wait.
4	I probably don't have to say this because every other yelper before me has but the wings here are AMAZING. Best wings in Waterloo for sure, but if you're feeling daring and opt for anything else you're in luck because everything I've ever had here was awesome. If you want to try an app though you have to try the antojitos and/or the pierogies, they are both some of the best I have ever had. For me the only downfalls are if you need extra sour cream or extra mustard or something they charge you. That has always been one of my pet peeves, honestly I'm here spending $100.00 on dinner for a group of four and you are going to nickel and dime me over some sour cream...come on. Also my last visit was with my pregnant friend and the trip to the washroom is a long and grueling one for anyone but you add a pregnant woman in the mix that has got to go...she just about fell out the door and down the stairs. All in all I would highly recommend Morty's Pub for their Food and their Service.
4	Wings here are amazing- huge, crispy, saucy- just delicious! My faves are the sweet chili and the buttery hot (my mouth is watering just thinking about them). And the spinach and artichoke dip is scrumptuous. I took a star off for the service. It's never been great service- the waitresses are usually rushed and twice they've been outright rude (but that's not a bad ratio considering I've been here over 20 times)!
4	Not sue why this is priced the same as Sole??? Anyway, love the wings. Pizza is good. Great for eating in or take out.
4	Great spot to enjoy a pint and watch the game.  The chicken wings are outstanding and they are 1/2 price Monday and Thursday after 5.
5	Excellent service from the kitchen staff who came out to discuss our allergy concerns and even called up one of their suppliers to confirm the ingredients. And best of all, the food was allegen-free, as promised!And as a bonus, the burgers were delicious. (and way too big .. I totally over-ate)Will definitely be returning in the future.
4	Thursday Wing  and Sunday Burger Special Nights are the things that make Morty's ahead of the pack for the sport bars in Waterloo.Wings are gargantuan and come in a variety of flavours. The burger is a tasty 10oz with all the fixings. Both specials need the purchase of a drink. If you are coming on a Thursday, be sure to come ahead of time. By the time dinner comes, the place will be packed with university students and locals alike. Note: They won't seat your group until everyone is present.
4	Their wings are giant and taste wonderful. The only downside is that its impossible to get a table on wing nights
4	Morty's used to be a weekly stop in for me before I moved away. As I just moved back I had to check in again. Conveniently it was a Thursday (wing night). Atmosphere is wonderful - its still familiar which I like. The menu has changed but I believe the food is still good. They are said to have the best wings in town - I am not a fan of their wings - but if your into wings this is your place. I used to love the pizza they had on the menu - sadly its gone. Service is unreal (amazing!) - we had probably 5 waitresses throughout the night - one main server - but the others all help each other out - which means you never have to wait for anything. It's fantastic. Also if your looking for a patio - Morty's has a good one.
4	This is a real nice pub. People rave about the chicken wings so we thought we would check it out. The wings were a good size and really well prepared. Not too much breading. But  I was really disappointed with the super suicide sauce though, it wasn't nearly as hot as i was hoping. The sauce aside the service was excellent. We will be back again when we are in the area
5	great wings
4	You need to try the huge, delicious wings here. Best wings in town
4	Wings Wings Wings. Don't order anything else here except the award winning wings, they are THAT good. Crispy, crunchy wings without too thick of a batter to make it unbearable - and lots of different flavourings (like sweet chilli lime and dry cajun) to make your mouth water. However, I believe the Dry Cajun especially was MSG laden - I could still feel and taste it into dinnertime after lunch - which is probably why it tasted so good. We also got a side of soggy fries, so don't bother with that. Pizza, was okay - custom toppings, but it will be about $15 for a 12 slice pizza that was mediocre. Just stick with some wings and beer and you'll be golden. So glad we came here over the empty Shoeless Joes across the street.
3	Love their wings... they are wonderful!  Dry cajun are to die for.  I used to order take out from here at least twice a month,  HOWEVER... they have drastically increased their prices in the last month.  For the party platter of wings, my total bill used to be $31. It is now $37.     Staff are pretty cagey about it but  I guess the owners feel business is good enough to pass this on.
4	There was a period when I almost gave up on Morty's. It was around the time when their wings got increasingly humongous and were not only triple-coated in greasy batter but flavorless and dry inside.It managed to redeem itself this past visit. They are now a bit smaller than before, but then they are a lot more tender and the flavors actually soak into the meat. I prefer the latter despite the guys' complaints about not getting full as quickly. Please let this not be a fluke... I don't want the return of the gigantic chicken wings.
5	I have been going to Morty's since I was a little girl - when Morty actually ran the place and it was a little hole in the wall! You can't go wrong when you're here, this place is amazing. Everyone days the wings are good, and they are by far the best I have ever had, but the panzerotti is soooo good. The sauce is outstanding! If you're in the area and have never been, it's a must. If you're not in the area, it's still a must. Morty's is an institution!!!!
5	The staff! The beers! The wings! Need I say more? Mortys is my go to after sports pub. You will always see a familiar face, always served a cold beer, and always greeted by the welcoming staff. The atmosphere can do no wrong.
4	As a sports pub, I expected a better beer selection, but the wings here are top notch. The atmosphere is very good with lots of tvs with seemingly every game on. The beer selection was a bit lacking with few craft beers and mostly garden variety lagers. The prices are good though, what you would expect in a college town. The wings are also apparently what they are famous for and the hot wings we tried were delicious. We tried to go back the next day, but as it was wing night, it was too packed to get a table.
5	Live up to their bragging rights- BEST WINGS IN K/W. The 1 pound order was only 6 wings, but they're huge and did the job. I ordered the wet Cajun, not spicy but very tasty! I got suicide sauce to dip for the heat. Didn't have the fries but they're home cooked and look amazing. Next time!!!  They have lots of screens, and immediately put on the Buffalo Sabres game for me.  Prices are fair, and staff are very nice.
4	Wing nights are usually the time I visit Morty's Pub. They have a 69 cent/wing with a purchase of any drink item deal on Monday and Thursday nights. Their service is always fast and friendly. Also, the wings are pretty tasty and big too! One of the biggest chicken wings I have seen (ever). I go to Morty's on a regular basis. Their food and service always brings me back.
5	They have amazing wings. Probably the best wings I've ever had. Can get pretty busy on wing nights though. My favourite flavor is the dry cajun rub!
4	their wings are very tasty, and i like to come during half-price wings day.
5	Best wings waterloo.
3	Just go on wing night (monday or thursday)! Can't beat the price and the quality of the wings. Favourite would have to be dry cajun wings. Also had the fries which is just way undercooked and soggy. I wouldn't recommend the veggie sticks either since they give just 3-5 pieces. And don't expect much for service. The waitresses I've had the handful of times I've been there were ice cold. I don't know if they just hate serving students but they could try to smile and offer better service!
4	Best wings in waterloo. Be sure that your friends are present when you go line up, otherwise they won't put you in the list.
4	Wing night is a great night to visit Morty's. Make sure you go early, because otherwise you'll have to wait quite a while for a seat. Parking is nearly non-existent, so your best bet is to walk/bus or try street parking.The wings are large. There are several different flavours of wings, but I'm always left wishing they had some interesting flavours to keep it different everytime I vist. I recommend that you mix up wet and dry wings, because if you have 15 wet wings, you will feel disgusting afterwards! Wings with sauce will have lots of sauce.Take-out containers cost $1 each.
5	A Must-Eat for wing lovers, especially on Mondays and Thursdays. If that's your plan I would recommend going EARLY,  as it fills up fast. Also, I would recommend dry Cajun, even if you're used to saucy wings.
