4	High quality ingredients. Very good flavor. Nice interior surroundings. Waitress was "'Shu Wyn" did a fantastic job. Highly recommended.
4	Have been going to, usually take out, for years.  Have tried other and just keep going back.  The owner chef is actually a real chef and has been chef for some big time people in past.  Staff are friendly and helpful. Has some very interesting entree's that are his creations.  Love the Pork Tenderloin and many others.
4	Silk road is a very good Chinese restaurant. The atmosphere is really nice and it is safe to say that it is always quiet and the service is always good. Everything on the menu is basically what every other Chinese restaurant has but everything I have ever ordered from there has been consistent.
5	I love Chinese food. There I said it. Now I can get this review properly underway.I'm not that familiar with the south hills because I'm a city kid. I don't venture outside unless I have reason to. A friend invited me out that way for dinner here knowing how much I enjoy Chinese food and she said she just knew I would like it. Boy was she right.Silk Road is located in the heart of Caste Village in Whitehall (which that itself I need to explore more). It's modestly decorated and basically looks like your run of the mill sit down Chinese restaurant.Every time I go to Silk Road I order the following:Appetizer: Spicy Wontons. I was turned onto the spicy wonton at Silk Road and have been loving them ever since. It's the traditional wonton from your wonton soup with a spicy peanut sauce. I believe you get 8 of them for $6.Snack: Egg roll. They probably have one of the best egg rolls ever.Entire: Pineapple beef. I NEVER order a beef dish when I eat Chinese except for at Silk Road. The pineapple beef is probably THE best Chinese meal I've ever eaten. I feel horrible because I feel any description I give it will not to it justice. The portion is enormous so no matter how greedy I'm feeling there is always plenty to take home (side note: I always ask for extra rice)Dessert: Fortune Cookie, duh.Please, please, please go eat there! And maybe try something else because I'm not sure if I can be persuaded to change my order anytime soon.
4	Service is excellent, food was very.good. I got general tso's, was crispy and not fatty like at some places. Rice was perfectly sticky, just how i like it. My friend had a stir fry of chicken, beef, and shrimp with vegetables, said it was very good. I also got the milky coconut puffs because of someone else's review...not a fan. Very strange gelled coconut center, batter dipped and fried, then topped with a sugar-peanut crumb mixture and honey. The prices were reasonable, portions were big (i have lunch for tomorrow too).  I will definitely be going back!
5	This is the Chinese restaurant to go to in South Hills.  Forget Sesame Inn, Silk Road has more interesting dishes.  The barbecue spare ribs are fantastic.  So is the noodle salad app.  The service is top notch.  Our server, she was so funny, made sure we were totally satisfied.  Also, the decor is very modern and the interior is clean and well done.  A great atmosphere!
4	My favorite Chinese!  Ordered take out and the meal was Oh So Good!  We tried a few different items but had to have the Pork Tenderloin...one of my favorites.  Shrimp lo mein, stir fried General Tsao's Chicken. All very good, tasty with a little tang. Tried the Shrimp Balls appetizer, very tasty shrimp chopped up and rolled in a ball with some breading.  Yum.   Consistently good food.
2	I visited this restaurant with high expectations that were met with good service, a charming upscale atmosphere, and sub-par Chinese meals. The General Tso's chicken was delivered luke warm and my friends Mandarin Chicken was bland and mixed with frozen peas and carrots from grammy's refrigerator. I will definitely visit again to see if the meals have improved, however for a mid-scale "gourmet" Chinese establishment the meals were unfortunate.
4	A very nice and surprising addition to this area of Pittsburgh, which has been without a good Asian restaurant in all the 30 years I've been coming to this area. Service was friendly, if a touch slow on a busy night. But the food was worth the wait. Highly recommend the Eight Pearl Duck and the Red Orchid Shrimp. There are several other house specialties, along with the more standard Chinese fare. Steamed Shrimp with vegetables was fresh and well-cooked, not rubbery.
4	I know I've said this before but "My Favorite Chinese".  This tends to be our go to place when not sure what we want to eat and decide to go out.  So here it is, Saturday night and no plans.  Haven't been to SR for a few months, so we decide to go.  Yum, we were not disappointed.There are certain items on the menu we tend to order and many are the Chef's specials noted on the menu.  The Egg Rolls were delicious.  The Stir Fry General Tso's is so good and does not have all the breading of the normal Gen. Tso's. Another good thing is there are left overs for lunch!
5	We really enjoy this place. Never a bad meal. Favorites are the clay pot chicken and seafood hot and sour soup.
5	Excellent Chinese food! All of their dishes are large and delicious. The pad thai is one of our favorites. Also the stir fired general tso's chicken is a great alternative to the usual fried and breaded general tso's that you are used to. Average prices, but the quality makes it all worth it.
4	Worth the extra cost. Huge portions, wonderful staff. A more formal setting, but comfortable, and delicious food. Generic dishes (general tso, lo mein, etc.) And exotic/traditional meals available. Best Chinese in the South Hills, hands down.
5	BEST...FOOD...EVER!!!  A little pricy, but well worth the best Chinese in town!  General Tso's was excellent!  Portions so big, it's like getting 2 meals.  Can't wait to go back.
4	One of the best Chinese restaurants in the area.  I feel very fortunate that it is only 5 minutes from my house.  I guess the de facto premiere Chinese restaurant is Sesame Inn but Silk Road is every bit as good if not better.  There are only a couple of dishes I've had that I didn't like.  It's not that they were bad they just weren't for me.  My go to dish is usually the stir fried General Tso's chicken.  Much better than the fried version.  My only complaint is I like my food a little on the spicier side and there version could use a little "kicking up a notch".  Otherwise very good.  I'm interested to see how the hibachi and sushi additions will turn out.  I hope they are of the same quality and standard that I've been accustomed to.
5	The is super good..and I love Chinese food.. love there food
3	The atmosphere is nice and the food is, you know, pretty okay.  Silk Road is right down the street from where I live, so we have been there several times, because it is so handy.  I wouldn't travel any amount for the average food, though.
5	Amazing food for the price. Two thumbs up!
5	The sushi here is absolutely amazing.  Better than any other Sushi place ive been to in the burgh.  The hibachi is pretty awesome too.  Ask for Kobe!  The Chinese food is also bomb!!
4	Best sushi I've found in pgh
5	This is the best kept " secret" in the South Hills! I LOVE this place!!! Yummy!
5	Ate here with my dad and husband, my fellow sushi lovers. Their menu is very vast, and I definitely want to return to try their entrees. The Restaraunt is located in Caste Village, which is a shopping plaza, so it's not as spacious, but beautiful nonetheless. The ambiance is veer fancy yet low key. We all ordered tuna sashimi salads, which were essentially your typical salad with ginger dressing with  sliced avocado and tuna sashimi. The ginger dressing was a tad spicy for me but very good.  Upon ordering sushi I tried to mix it up as always, and ended up getting a roll that was wrapped in cucumber, which gave my sushi a nice crunch and cool texture. One of my favorite things in sushi is the marriage of the fish with things like cucumber or avocado, so I liked this roll very much. Nice presentation of sushi as well.  Very deliscious sushi, will definitely come back.
5	Awesome food and sushi. I love this place. Always fresh and consistent. This is my to go place now for sushi, chinese and Japanese food. They now have hibachi. Ive been to many Asian restaurants during my life and this is up there as one of my favorites.
5	One of my favorite Chinese restaurant  in the south hills. They have a nice variety of Chinese and Japanese food. They offer vegetarian options as well. I had the tofu general tsos and a California roll.  Both were excellent.
3	After hearing good things from the "locals" (we just moved to the neighborhood a few months ago) we decided to give SR a try. Upon arrival on a Saturday night, we were rather surprised to see that the restaurant was only about half full. The majority of the clientele were older folks with few families mixed in. The decor seems to be simple yet authentic. The menus (there are two!) are quite extensive. Sushi? Check. Chinese? Check. Hibachi? Check. Something for everyone? Check-unless you're craving Italian. We started with our staple-the edamame. Nothing to write home about. Next I ordered the Sate combo with shrimp, chicken, beef and vegetables. On the menu there is one star to indicate mildly spicy. I did not choose to eat sushi but my husband couldn't resist. My meal arrived promptly while hubs had to wait for his sushi. Happens frequently in this type of restaurant. It worked to our advantage this time as he could finish feeding the baby while I ate my entree. In regard to my entree, there is not much to say. It lacked a certain something. Well, anything. Although the meat and veggies were plentiful. They were also tasteless. And that mild spice they warned me about (and I was eagerly looking forward to)? Couldn't find it no matter where I looked. The left overs are still sitting in my fridge and will probably remain there for the next few days until they make their next stop, the garbage can. On the other hand, my husband really enjoyed his sushi and thought the fish was very fresh (claims to be flown in from Hawaii daily) but still not on the level of our go to Little Tokyo.
4	The stuffed eggplant is excellent as is everything else I've eaten here. Tends to be busy, and for good reason.
3	I had take out, and sometimes you just taste better in a restaurant than at home.We tried crab Rangoon, which was meh.  The standout was hot n sour soup which was flavorful and full of veggies.The general tsos tofu was listed as a specialty of the house.  I love tofu but only when its fried or pan seared.  I specifically asked does this have steamed tofu in it because I don't like steamed tofu and the woman on the phone assured me that it was fried, not steamed.What I got worried diculous leak unnecessarily large chunks of steamed tofu covered in a sauce that was pretty good but had the overall consistency of slime.  So bad!  I'd come back, but I'd get something else.  So far I have found this place to be overpriced and underwhelming but I'm willing to give it another try.
2	After reading all the good reviews I thought since I was in the area and I. The mood for Chinese this would be the place for me. Well uh not quite. Good thing I wasn't super hungry. When I went in the people were nice and I got sat right away. I was actually surprised after seeing all the good reviews how dead the place was. So then I started to get a bit skeptical. My waitress was nice. Since this was a new restaurant to me I wanted to order several items just to taste them. To start of. I had the egg drop soup. Which another review claimed to be the best ever. Well it wasn't by far. I think this was the worst one I, personally, have ever tasted. So I was hoping the rear would be better. I order some chicken with broccoli and cauliflower. It was supposed to be spicy    . It wasn't. It was kind of a weird bland taste. Along with that I wanted to have some shrimp chow mein. They claim their seafood is flown in from Hawaii daily so I figured I would give this a shot. Well instead of chow mein she brings me lo mein with crunchy noodles on the side. And I am not talking about long spaghetti type noodles I am talking about the little crunchies most ppl dip in the orange duck sauce as an appetizer or in ur soup. So this was odd. I mentioned this to her immediately and she took it back and brought me something that looked more along the lines of what I had expected. Well it was interesting looming to say the least. U could tell the chef was probably pissed I returned the first dish and used the same shrimp from the first dish in this one. It tasted ok. Better than the first dish I received. Needless to say I will never go back. Good thing I live over 2,000 miles away!
3	Out of 5:1.0 - egg drop soup: way too salty, perhaps from evaporation2.0 - hot and sour soup: not too hot or sour.  Good and subtle taste, but lacking texture (lack of corn starch)3.5 - pan fried noodles3.0 - clay pot chicken3.5 - long grain rice
5	My favorite Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh. You can't order wrong. It's all delicious. Beijing Potstickers are a fave!
2	I have been here several times.   This was once a good stop in the South Hills. Seems to be moving in the wrong direction. The food was just okay. The place needs a make over.  The atmosphere is not great.  Needs a good cleaning.  There was food on the wall in my booth.
5	Totally love this place. They have the BEST chicken egg rolls I have ever had anywhere. The fried rice is so tasty as well, I always get the pink shrimp sauce with my rice. Yummo! Love the staff, they always remember what I will order every time. I try to get here as much as I can. I would recommend it to anyone looking for great Chinese food.
2	Had a party for my Wife's birthday and called for the hibachi side. We had 19 people which required three tables. The restaurant called my house and asked me wife how many people would be coming. This was a surprise party for her. Than we got to the restaurant and we only had two tables because they only scheduled two chiefs. Some of our party had to be seated at tables away from us. I liked this place until this. Never go back.
5	Go. Now.No. NOW. This place is hands down the best of its kind. I have never had bad food. The egg rolls are killer, the salads are crisp and fresh, the tea is perfectly brewed...I could go on and on. Boyfriend always gets the stir fried general tso's and it is the best sauce I've ever tasted over perfectly cooked, unbreaded, white meat chicken. I always go for the sushi and have had every roll on the menu. My favorites are the pink lady, amazing roll, lost mummy, angel roll, and the plain, old, spicy tuna. This is some of the freshest sushi I have ever had. It rivals that of the 5 star restaurants in vegas for half the price. Insanely good. Everything they do, they do very well. Customer service, cleanliness, food, you name it. This place is a gem. If I hadn't read the reviews, I never would have found it. Do not be put off by it being in a little strip mall. Why are you even still reading?GO!Oh, almost forgot...the black dragon roll...also A+. And they have a sushi lunch combo menu until 3:30. All good things.
5	This is one of our favorite Chinese restaurants to dine when in Pittsburgh.  We have had numerous items on the menu and you can't go wrong.   The sauces are all great, the food is fresh and the quantity is large.   Also, everything is served hot (temperature), which is a big pet peeve of mine, so I love it here.  You could easily share one entree, but we like the leftovers for lunch.Service is excellent and prices are reasonable.   This could be a place you easily walk or drive by and think nothing of it, but you should take the time and search it out.   You won't be disappointed.
5	This is our favorite Asian restaurant in Pittsburgh. I would suggest the Amazing Roll and the Mystical Vegetarian. A+++
4	Great food and decent service on our first visit. Sushi was very fresh and tasty. Wish they weren't out of the Spicy Won Ton, was looking forward to trying that appetizer. Will definitely come back.
5	I was visiting family in the area and I needed to get my sushi fix so I found Silk Road on yelp and headed over to try it out. I got a to-go order with a variety of things because there were so many things on the menu I wanted to try! The guy at the front of the house was so nice, and he was very personable with everyone that came in asking about their dog, business or the football tryout. Clearly the repeat business is solid (and for good reason) but I love a place that cares about its customers! The restaurant itself is attractively decorated and not at all what you'd expect in a strip mall! Now let's talk about the food! Spicy Tuna Roll - I was reassured it wasn't actually spicy, which it isn't. It was SO GOOD, especially the sauce with just the right amount of crunch. The Amazing Roll - Well what can you say except it's amazing! I see returning for some more in the near future!Mango Heaven Roll - It was good but a little too overwhelming on the mango side for me, but if that's your thing, you'll love it.I will definitely return because I still want to try the mummy roll, pink lady, complete chaos (one of my friends went the night after me and said they loved that one!) and of course the sexy model. For all the rolls, I liked the rice they used, plus everything was fresh and packed nicely.Egg roll/Shanghai Roll - It was good, nothing to write home about. I preferred the Shanghai Roll.Eight Pearl Duck - mouthwatering and delicious! Don't be deceived by the amount of veggies on top, there's A LOT of duck underneath and it's cooked perfectly. Also in the dish is shrimp, crab meat and scallops which you might not think go together but it works. Veggies were steamed and fresh.Chef Wu's Lamb - This dish was a smaller portion size which I think is fine if you are going to be getting a sushi roll or another appetizer. It was cooked well but the real star of this dish was the sauce! So good.Don't think about it, just go! You won't regret it!
5	Great tasting food no matter what I get! Favorites are the chicken lo mein and general tso's chicken. Generous portions too. Egg rolls and spring rolls are crisp and have good filling and sauce. Takeout is always done in 15 minutes and the place is well kept inside. It is also large inside and I have never had to wait for a table. Highly recommend for good Chinese  food everytime!
5	The best sushi in the south hills, hands down. We love these folks and the service. Highly recommend if you want to introduce someone to sushi for the first time!
3	I have been a long time customer of the Silk Road, Last night I was extremely disappointed with the food . The broth for the  wonton soup had absolutely no flavor, it was basically dumplings in warm water. The shrimp Kung pao and the Mandarin chicken, both had the same flavorless taste. The majority of the Kung pao  plate was over loaded with "cheap" chopped celery.  The prices at Silk Road have gone up, and the quality has gone down.
5	I have never been disappointed here.  I've been there maybe 5 times now, and the scallops are my favorite.
5	Great food, great service... Super surprised and pleased to find something so nice in caste village. Not much else to say.. The reviews speak for themselves!
3	Take-out was okay, but better than many around South Hills.
