4	Ice Blended!
4	Winter Dream Tea Latte! Yumm! The staff is really cool! This coffee shop said they ran out of the WDTL. Since I bought the WDTL tin they opened the tin for me, and made the coffee for free! Very kind of them.
5	This place is the perfect spot in the new terminal at McCarran. The fact that it is an offering that is not Starbucks is awesome. Not that I don't like Starbucks, but variety is the spice to life!The space is efficient and has plenty of seating. It is open to the main walkway of the terminal, so you can people watch while sitting at a table.I've had numerous drinks here, as well as bagels (which they will toast for you yay!). Anything I've gotten has been good, hot, and served quickly.Overall, for a place in an airport The Coffee Bean is surpassing most others.
3	Great coffee, I've had it when I've flown out of the airport in Vegas, Phoenix and I found out in a neighborhood in Hawaii.  There mixed drinks are really sugary, so if you are into sweet coffee drinks this is the place for you!
5	Blended ultimate hazelnut with ALMOND MILK! First Coffee Bean that I've found with this option. Awesome!
3	I was stuck at LAS for a couple of hours due to a delayed flight, and figured I'd pick up a chai and a bagel while waiting.  The cashier was super outgoing and friendly (almost painfully so, given that it's an airport), and my order was filled quickly.  However, it was almost nine dollars for a small chai and toasted bagel with cream cheese, which was also a bit painful.  I'd probably go to Starbucks next time, just because of the rewards program, but kudos to the cashier for great customer service!
4	This airport is a hellhole. It's like MCO (Orlando) in that you have a lot of people who don't travel often and don't know what they're doing or where they're going. But unlike MCO, most of them aren't kids, so when they're terrible at walking there's no excuse. Dudes: do not stop walking in the middle of a busy through way. Walk over to the side, just like if you were driving. Also, there's bright, ugly slot machines everywhere. The food is even more ridiculously overpriced than you might expect.All that plus an early morning, and feeling adrift in time and space thanks to sleeping on the plane. I'm usually not this cranky at airports. I don't mind layovers, especially not short ones. But I felt like a zombie and was miserable.Luckily for me, I stumbled into this place. The baristas were kind. The coffee was excellent, and quickly delivered. The prices aren't nearly as exorbitantly jacked up as other places in the airport.
2	Of all the coffee specialty chains, this one has to be toward the "least tasty coffee" end of the spectrum. Before I get to the coffee let me mention the olfactory ambiance of Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf stores. There is this sickeningly sweet flavored coffee smell in each of these stores. Personally this dude cannot abide with the smell. It borders on nauseating. And even in a mall like situation the smell comes through loud and clear.Back to the coffee....So we were on our way back to Philly after visiting home (California) for Thanksgiving. We had a plane change and instead of going to Dunkin Donuts to get their "jus de chausette," we thought we would get a better cup of coffee at The Bean and Tea Leaf. Oy, were we wrong! We got  BURNT "jus de chausette."Now what is "jus de chausette?" It translates as "sock juice." Back in the day before Mr. Coffee and Bun-o-Matic coffee makers, people in France used to use socks as coffee filters. It doesn't make the best coffee but that's what they did. It tended to produce a weak coffee (think American coffee like at Dunkin Donuts or a generic diner.) that was not flavorful.  Now of course we have Carte Noir, Philz Coffee, Peet's Coffee and Italian coffee pots that make tastier coffee. Go elsewhere if you want something tastier than sock juice.
2	It's your average coffee bean: decent coffee with simple flavors, and their signature iced blended drinks. They also offer chai teas (non authentic), and two flavored teas: blood orange and agave nectar.It's good in a pinch, but the airport is often hectic and takes a while to get drinks. Both myself and another customer's drinks had to be remade - my iced blended coffee wasn't sugar free, and another drink was downsized.But the ladies took the time out from our drinks to make one for another employee as well as chit chat.... And were MUCH nicer to the other airport guy than to any customers.I guess it's just an airport cafe, right? Next time I'll try to find the Starbucks.
4	Had a layover in Las Vegas airport, and decided to check this place out. Decided to get an iced tea instead of coffee. The lady working recommended the blood orange ice tea -- it was really good! Not too sweet, and it was an ice tea that was unique and different.
3	I remember seeing Coffee Bean in LA first and now it seems to be everywhere. I grabbed a quick breakfast and drink after landing in Vegas from here.
1	This place is horrible. They nickel and dime everything. I asked for an extra cup and they charged me 64 cents. That's why they never grew up to the stature of sbux. Sucks.
3	Living in Northern California, I miss Coffee Bean coffees. We have a few shops out here, but there aren't nearly as many of them available as there are Starbucks, Peet's or even Philz. So anytime I get a chance to grab a Coffee Bean, I'll take the opportunity.The clerk at this location was friendly and helpful; however, service wasn't good in the sense that there's only one person working this entire kiosk. Fortunately, I wasn't in a huge rush, as she had to first take my order, make my beverage, then collect payment. Probably not the most efficient, but the best that she could do given the resources.  In the end, all I wanted was a yummy tasting beverage, and did, indeed, get what I was craving for!
1	I havent written a review for years but these two young ladies were so rude that i had to.  Early flight out this morning, needed a fix.  Customer service is not in thier vocabulary!  Ordered a caramal machiato which I ended up throwing away.  Save your money and go to Starbucks!!!
5	Got to the airport on time for once. Actually had time to stop for an ice blended mocha. As another reviewer mentioned, there is no coffee bean and tea leaf in Nor Cal. I'm also from there. This location had no line at all when I got here, my drink was fast and delicious. Packed with sugar and caffeine. Just what I needed to get home.  My last icy drink to complete this Vegas trip. Will go again.
4	I've always wanted to try coffee from a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf as the nearest one to my home is 4 hours away.  When I saw their store near my gate at the Las Vegas airport, I jumped at the chance.  I wasn't even particularly craving coffee, but knew if I didn't get one, when would the next opportunity arise?Got their seasonal Butter Pecan latte, and holy moly, was it delicious!  Such a smooth flavor - not too bitter (I consider espresso bitter), but not overly sweet.  I really enjoyed it.  The only bad part was having to throw it away once they started boarding the plane.  I could have kept it - I even considered it - but I don't like taking extra items on the plane and having to babysit them the entire time.As for the location, I have nothing to compare it to.  It was a small store and there were two people working.  I didn't have bad service or anything, but I was literally in there for about 3 minutes.I hope I get another chance in the future to get another coffee.  Or that Coffee Bean would open up more locations nearer to me.  I'd be there all the time, for sure.
4	Love how this Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf is centrally located by all the Southwest Airline gates at this airport.Service here is on point. They move fast and they take your order with a smile even if they're jam packed with a long line.I had a Pumpkin Latte here with non fat milk. I'd have to say, it's way better than the infamous Pumpkin Spiced Latte at Starbucks. I think the flavor and spice in this latte here is more my style. One thing I think that could improve this tiny location is to maybe have a better way to manage a long line. Like rope it off or something. People tend to run around craycray at this airport and the last thing you want is someone knocking over your drink as you try to squeeze your way out.
4	This is pretty much my sanity when I come to LAS too early. I love Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf normally so having one anywhere that's accessible more than where it used to be in proximity to me (50+ miles away) is A+ in my book.This location is just another airport coffee shop, but they serve classic CB&TL drinks and they're not soooo much more expensive than regular locations as far as I remember. I like their coffee way better than Starbucks and Peet's any day so I generally end up here when I come here early, or even when I don't as it is conveniently close to the Southwest gates I often fly through.Friendly staff, and usually stocked full of other goodies like snacks, foods & pastries.
5	Just had excellent service here and saw the staff go above and beyond for multiple customers. Also I'm excited that they carry KIND bars. Surprisingly nice and fast for an airport location.
