4	Chinese food is not dead, thanks to Jade Palace. Located on Hayden and the corner of Via de Ventura, it is a local hidden treasure with a great ambiance at a reasonable price. Although the dining is set up for intimate parties of 2 or 4, they accommodated my birthday party of 20 with ease. (Definitely call ahead!) White table cloths, dim lighting, and a impressive wine list (try the plum wine) gives a sense of class but food is good and price is reasonable. Must try food include: won ton soup (best I have ever had, tons of fresh snow peas, carrots, shrimp, and won tons), steamed sea bass and ginger, BBQ pork ribs and the yang chow fried rice. Service is quick and super-friendly (Henry is an awesome!).
4	I work in the same complex, just across the way. I frequent Jade Palace at least once a week, for a delicious and economical lunch. Their lunch combinations are really great! I usually get Kung Pao, which is served with Fried Rice, an Egg Roll, and a Crab Wonton. For $8.95, I couldn't ask for anything better. My only complaint is that I don't get the soup with the lunch combo because I always eat take out!
5	I am happy to have found this place - I put off trying it for what seems like years... I am so glad I finally popped in here for lunch yesterday! I love their egg drop soup (which comes included with most of the lunch specials). I tried the Kung Pao Beef today and while it could have been a little spicier, the ingredients were ultra fresh and delicious. The crab puff and spring roll were perfect! Good vibe, and the staff is 100% on the ball.
4	I LOVE this little place.  It is around the corner from my office, so obviously extremely convenient.  But I was really pleased when a co-worker and I asked if we could be seated and served within our alotted half-hour lunch that day, and the server said, "Absolutely!"  He was right.I think the price cannot be beat: soup, main meal, and a couple of additional appetizer-type additions for a mere $6.95!What is really terrific is that this is no average Asian restaurant.  It has some atmosphere, so the great lunch prices are unexpected and a total BONUS!  I have already returned twice in the last month!
4	This place was in a cute little shopping strip in the corner next to TCBY, which was hard to find at first, but I was surprised at how nice it was inside. I think it's a little more "Americanized" in the sense that there were not a whole lot of asian workers there. Their service was really good, the host guy spoke really soothingly like I was in a spa when he took my order (to go)I had read they had great lunch specials so I got the shrimp with vegetables, which came with fried rice, crab puff, egg roll, and wonton chips. Wasn't a fan of the spicy mustard dipping sauce, but they gave two types of sweet and sour sauce and I liked those. I also got the wonton soup (shrimp and chicken with veggies), shrimp chow fun, and a small order of the flash fried green beans. I liked that they used big shrimp and that I didn't get a stomach ache, which can happen when I eat chinese a lot of times. I think I'll be back to try some more of the lunch specials and I kind of want to try the sea bass if I feel like splurging! Oh, because I ordered so much food, the guy thought that it was for 3 people and said he put in three sets of utensils for me. I just eat a lot and like leftovers, but he was too nice for me to correct =P
4	SO Sad. This particular location has closed, due to lower traffic. The location on 92nd street and Shea is still open, as is their other one. They deliver for a few bucks, which is great since I can't always leave the office for lunch but I still want my JP!
5	Please be advised that the Hayden Rd location is closed however the other two locations at Pinnacle Peak and N. Shea Blvd are very much alive and well and fantastic!
