5	I love this place. I've been working at this mall almost a year, stopping by here for a drink or sandwich or snack quite often. They are always so nice and the food is fresh. If I have to wait a few minutes it's okay, I know they are preparing  it right then. Today I went in for a meal. While waiting for my delicious #1  I met the nicest lady. Her name was Jeannette(sp?) and I'm pretty sure she was in management or marketing. She came out of the back of Chick- Fil- A with the owner I think. As soon as she saw a customer she ran right up to him to take care of his needs. I just wanted to say I thought that was cool. There were plenty of staff around to take care of him, it was just automatic to her and I think that speaks volumes about her character. We had a nice chat and she told me about some upcoming promotions she was doing. A couple of things were for kids. Please support this great franchise and help them help the community!
5	I do love this place. I'd like to put a special shout out to a cool chick who works there. Very personable and seemed to really care about her customers. Her name is Amanda, red hair, in case there's 2 that work there. She will go far in life, I can tell. Great attitude.
5	This is great place to grab some grub at the mall.  Everything from their coffee to their sandwiches are great.  The staff is so friendly and courteous.  Always a smile and willing to chip in that extra penny if you're short of change.  My faves are the charbroiled chicken sandwich, chicken minis, and spicy chicken sandwich.
5	Everything here is great! I will give it a thumbs up which makes me say, "It's a beautiful day :)."
1	Yuk. Dirty and gross
4	Lately, I have decided to try and go to places that treat their employees well.  Chick-fil-a definitely fits that bill, and their food is delicious.  When I'm trying to eat healthy, I get a chicken sandwich with no bun and a side salad.  My daughter likes the chicken nuggets, the soup, and of course, the waffle fries.  This location is in the mall so it's a good stop when you're out shopping.  The only problem I have with Chick-fil-a was the anti-gay controversy they engaged in a year or so ago but, I realize that that 1 owner doesn't speak for all store owners so I try not to hold it against them.
5	Every fast food place should run as wonderful as Chick-Fil-A does! Super nice employees. Always smiling. Great customer service! The cow was out hugging kids. The good is perfect everytime. A pleasure!
5	Love the food here, especially their spicy chicken sandwich and the waffle fries.  Can't go wrong with each other.
5	I love Chick-Fil-A!!! I always get the chicken strip meal. There chicken strips are amazing and the Polynesian sauce is the best dipping sauce. This is the closest location to me which is a little sad because that means I have to go into the mall to get it. I can't just go to the mall just for food I have to be there to do some shopping. The staff has always been super nice every time I go.
