5	Welcome to South End, Not Just Coffee. The same, pour over-centric powerhouse is holding down all things caffeinated in the Atherton Mill Market. All of the usual suspects found here:Killer pour overs (iced variety is my go-to)House-made caramel *swoon*Counter Culture Coffee sold whole bean. Top notch baristas headed by owner/operator/dapper gentleman -- JamesQuite the sexy, wood grain appeal. Seriously. Take a gander at the construction at the bar. Quite masterful and gorgeous. The seating setup is different the 7th St location. You'll find a group of tables directly in front of the bar. Now juxtaposed with local produce, Pickleville, Luna's, and Vin Master, it's looking like South End will become even more of a destination. Welcome to the neighborhood, fellas.
5	I can't tell you how happy I am that Not Just Coffee open up in Atherton Mill. I usually had to book time off at my salon to enjoy a cup of beautifully made caramel latte at 7th Street Market location. Now they are right across the street from my salon. If I'm brave enough and not get kill crossing South Blvd. I can definitely walk to it. That is, if I want to take on the heavily congested South Blvd.  Tucked nicely by the garage door of the market. You will see familiar faces like Jordan, Adam, Kendall or the owner James behind the custom made bar. The woodwork on that thing is gorgeous. Those who don't know, they specialized in their pour over coffee and fabulous lattes. Alway so pretty to look at. I normally get their caramel lattes, a lot of it, iced lately due to the hot weather. So come on in, support a small local business. Let them show you how good they are at making delicious coffee, chai tea and lattes etc.
4	As if Atherton Mill were not already the happening place on Saturday mornings in South End, now Not Just Coffee has kicked it up another notch.  Rather than drive into uptown and fight traffic, I can easily park and grab a caramel latte or masala chai latte without any hassle.  I'm typically not a regular coffee drinker, but there pour-over brew is the smoothest I've ever tasted.  The line on Saturday mornings can be a bit long, but certainly worth the wait.
4	Their pour over coffee is sooooo smooth. Delicious! It would be great if they didn't have just one size. I wanted ALOT of coffee and was unfortunately limited with their size selection. Another thing I would improve is either using insulated cups or cup rings to avoid getting burned! They gave me another cup to put my coffee cup in and it was still pretty hot! Not very cost efficient overall.
4	Is this location only open on Saturday?!? Everytime I go it's closed!
5	This is seriously the best coffee I've ever put in my mouth! Convenient location in south end, although atherton market sits off south blvd hidden behind some other buildings so you have to look for it. The owner takes a lot of pride in his work so you won't get any slacking off here. The best part for me is they accommodate vegans with almond and soy milk. Their chocolate is vegan but stay away from the caramel if you avoid animal products. Best way to start the day!
5	The best coffee in Charlotte! Located in Atherton Mill, this coffee shop is by far my favorite. There is a great variety of coffee to choose from, however I recommend a pour over, it really captures the essence of the coffee. Worth every penny!
5	The second of two existing NJC's, this one is located inside of Atherton Mill in Charlotte's South End.  Same great coffee as the original location with equally talented coffee makers!  The most notable difference at this location, if you're familiar with the original, is the lack of ability to sit around the bar.  No big deal.  This market is one you will want to peruse anyhow.  Grab your coffee and enjoy it while you tour the neighboring vendors.With counter culture coffee and amazing pour overs, the only question that remains is when will we see a third location?!?!
5	Went there to eat a light breakfast with a couple of friends. Their bagels are very good and coffee was out of this world. The staff were quite friendly and helped us pick a few good choices( it was our first time there).I recommend it to all coffee/bagel lovers and those whose new year resolution included not eating bacon and egg sandwich everyday for breakfast to lose a few pounds!
5	Seriously, the best caramel latte I have ever had. I didn't want it to end.
5	This was my first attempt at having coffee in Charlotte after moving from Seattle. It was seriously the best mocha latte I have had. I asked for a half calf which they were unable to do because they didn't have decaf but he offered to make it with less espresso once I tried to change my order to a hot chocolate. The coffee was super great and it didn't give my a headache like I get when I drink too much caffeine. Awesome place!
5	Wow! I tried Not Just Coffee out on Saturday and it was phenomenal. This morning, I detoured into the parking lot again for a taste of their heavenly Carmel Latte. It is some of the best coffee I've ever had. You HAVE to try this place  out!
5	Easily one of the best coffee shops in charlotte. They are in a great spot in the middle of atherton market, so it's perfect to grab a coffee and unwind after you do your shopping for the week. Tons of great coffee options including pour overs, but my favorite is anything with their homemade caramel. It's divine and just the right amount of saltiness. If you're lucky enough to stop by when they have them, pick up a "not your mom's donut" to go with your morning caffeine fix.
5	Probably the best coffee I have ever had. I've only had the caramel lattee iced and hot, and they make their caramel fresh in house! Say what?!? It's simply amazing.  The location in the market is great too...probably to great I'm their to often.
5	I was a little skeptical, it's just coffee . I understand the name now. It is the best caramel iced latte I've ever had. Now I'm addicted, the only thing I would change is I wish it stayed open later on certain days.
5	Best mocha latte in town. Bold in flavor and complex without the acidity over-the-top bitterness and not needing any extra sweetener at all to be truly special. Don't expect assembly line quickness but if you are patient then it's worth the wait. Easy parking right outside the door and lots of outdoor seating.I only wish they were open beyond 2:00pm.
1	A Coffee place that Doesn't open till 8:30 on a Saturday morning??? Really. Out of towner goes to parking garage at 8am and then finds out not open, along with about 6-8 other people. Come on people I need my caffeine fix & so did they. Sad.
