1	I wish I could give out negative stars, but alas, that's not possible. This tourist trap is located at Showcase Mall, right next to M&M World on the Strip. It's right next to MGM and across the street from New York New York.Their "specialty" is margaritas by the yard. So, my posse is walking down the Strip towards our hotel, The Excalibur. Me and my homey Dead Mike decide to stop and gits us an $18 margarita. For $18 it has to be good, right? WRONG! I got a berry margarita, I think Mike got raspberry. They both sucked. I don't think either of them had more than a drop ot tequila. By the time I finished my margarita I thought I was going to get sick just from all the pre-mixed artificial berry concentrate, and I was sober. Mike just stopped drinking his. What was the point? For $18 there needs to be an ample amount of tequila in a drink. Hell, for $18 it should all be top shelf with pure agave. Instead, this place dumps some concentrate into a blender with some pre-mixed margarita. The "advantage" is seemingly that in Vegas you can walk around with a drink in your hand.Well, if I want to walk around with non-alcoholic margaritas I can do that at Disneyland. I get infuriated when I think about the nerve of this place.
4	We went there just to get a "Margarita by the Yard."  It costs almost $20.  Nothing too much to complain about, they served it in a souvenir container.  The nice thing was we could held it around on the street during that July hot weather.  If I happened to be there again I think I might get that from Imperial Palace for $15.  Same thing but cheaper.
1	I wasn't even that excited to try the margarita here, actually.  But when I buy an $18 drink I expect some damn alcohol in it!  What's the point in some nasty, sweet, fruity beverage that's a chore to drink when it doesn't even get you sloshed, which is what I assume is the only purpose behind the drink?
1	I had a good margarita here before...I think. When I ordered it this time, it was watered down and very sweet (I had a raspberry flavored margarita). It was also very expensive for that piece of sh*t drink; $8.25 for a 12oz and freakin $22. for a yard long... WHAT A RIP OFF. I will not get one from here again. The bartender was rude too; he took a long time to take our order.After flippin through the Las Vegas magazines, I found a coupon for a free 16oz margarita at Slots-A-Fun. Maybe that would've been better...or worse; if you've tried that one, let me know.
2	BOO!I'll give it 2 stars only because the chicken in my burrito was flavorful.  However, I think the only things I really got out of my meal were a stomach ache and a horrible "morning after bathroom raid".  Our service was terrible - I am not sure whether our server was actually very busy, or he was just a little high strung and had too much caffeine in him, but everything he said was quick to us in a breathless type of manner (think post-marathon), he never really stopped over, and we waited at least 15 minutes for drinks.Ack.
3	We wanted something fast in Vegas to eat before our show....so we decided to stop here. There were 11 of us and I personally wasn't a big fan of my meal...I had a chicken burrito..it was just blah...needed more flavor. I did like the queso...good queso!!A couple of us got the maragaritas and they were fresh and great!!
1	the service was terrible... our server didn't have an ounce of personality--- maybe she was having a bad day... but when I go out, I like a friendly server!  We started with the queso (was actually REALLY yummy)  then I got TWO shredded chicken tacos with rice (flavorless and dry).. and hubby got a beef burrito with rice... We both got a lil plastic cup (i'd guess 12oz cup) of margarita... bill= 75 dollars... Most expensive / didn't get what I paid for meal of my life, i think.  We were both a little hungover, so this might have something to do with it..... but we both felt queazy as we left the restaurant.  We went back to our room and we both violently puked until it hurt :(puking up a 75 dollar taco kinda sucks.
3	I will say, the Bloody Mary here I had for breakfast was hard to drink... it just wasn't any good.  But the breakfast that I had was really quite good.  I enjoyed it much more thoroughly than the ridiculous excuse for a cheese platter and wanna-be baguette that I bought in "Paris" for breakfast the following day that made my stomach very, very, very upset.  Our waitress was decent and evenly handled a woman who did not speak English who was very adamant about wanting what we consider "over-easy" eggs.  We were also entertained by a charming English fellow performing card tricks at the tables.  Unobtrusive enough and he left immediately when our food arrived.  Reading the other reviews, I am glad to have skipped the ridiculous foot-long beverage... although to think that it would actually be a good deal in the land of rip-offs, makes one wonder what these folks were thinking to begin with.
3	The only reason to even stop when trekking down the sidewalk is for the yard-long margaritas. The bartender that served us was fast, upbeat, and excited (geuinely or not) to have us there. She made a mean margarita on the rocks and it had more tequila than I was expecting from such a touristy hole. In fact, it had quite a lot of cheap tequila. Which, in yard-long quantities, spawns the beginning of an awesome Vegas night. Minus one-star for telling us it was $16, then asking us if we wanted on the rocks while failing to tell us that would be an extra $3. Still - get it on the rocks. Trust me.
2	Quick service for food at the bar.. didn't try their mile high margaritas.. it was new years, and I had about enough alcohol...had my diet coke..and a pretty bland/dried veggie burrito...Quick mea.. 15 bucks with tip... cest la vie..can make that up in one roll of the roulette wheel.
3	I wish the chips were endless and free. Their salsa also leaves something to be desired. The portions are large and pricey. Nothing amazing for Mexican food here. I had the chicken enchiladas and had some of my friend's sampler platter and it was unremarkable, yet extremely filling. I didn't feel well for up to 30 mins after.
3	I came here for breakfast and it was delicious. The service is pretty good and the breakfast deal was only $3.49. Bigger portions would be nice though :)
2	This place has beckoned to my wife and me ever since we moved here two years ago, so we figured "what the heck."  Bad choice.  I ordered the house Margarita, it tasted like.... well I can't even properly describe the strange flavor, but it certainly did not taste as a Margarita should, and at $8 and change I expect better.  THANK GOODNESS I didn't order the large (yard) size.  As an appetizer we had the Poblano cheese dip, came with lots of chips, but was luke-warm and if not for the healthy injection of hot sauce we provided, would have been completely bland.  For an entree we shared a large burrito with grilled chicken, or at least it was supposed to have chicken.  I was lucky to find two small pieces of chicken in my half, my wife's experience was similar.  And when delivered to our table, our waitress warned us the plate was hot.  It was, but the burrito was not!  What the *uck??  The waitress was polite and attentive, but the food/drink at this place is sub-par.  Don't.
2	I will never come here while in Vegas. Lesson learned. We were seated quickly and they had funny entertainers. Hence, 2 stars. We got there pretty early for Vegas standards, about 11AM, so they werent busy. The waiter forgot my drink after 10 minutes. I ordered the enchilada and steak taco deal. It was the most boring Mexican food Ive ever had. I had to add soooo much salsa, but it didnt really help.
2	Ok so this place is probably not the best but its pretty decent. The reason we stopped here was becasue it was 10am and we were hungry. The thing that caught our eyes was the $3.49 breakfast and .99 bloody mary's. Our waitress was pretty awesome and so was the host. The food here though is not that great. DO NOT TRY THE .99 BLOODY MARYS!!! Those things are so gross but then again for .99 cents there's not much to expect. The $3.49 breakfast was just ok. The portions were super tiny though. The burritos were just ok as well. Not sure i'll be back but we'll see.
4	In early September, we ate at this location twice for breakfast.  I always love a good deal and they had good deals for breakfast. They had an awesome breakfast special.  For $3.99, you got 2 eggs; potatoes; your choice of ham, sausage or bacon; and either flour or corn tortillas.  It was an awesome, filling breakfast.  They had bloody mary's for only $.99.  It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was spicy which I like.  The service was excellent.  We had the same server both times and she was really personable and took good care of us.  It was also nice that she remembered us.  I would highly recommend trying them out.  I will definitely be back!
4	Doesn't seem like the reviews are too good on this place, but personally I really like it.  Before I used to just go to the one in the Miracle Mile Shop just for the margaritas-by-the-yard.  But a few years ago I actually went there to eat lunch.I ended up splitting a salad with someone else & then eating my own entree.  What I do remember is LOVING the salad.  Now I am NOT a salad eater, but this salad stayed on my mind and I made sure the next time I went to Vegas I would go there again.So now everytime I go to Vegas I make it a point to stop at one of the La Salsa Cantinas to eat my Chile-Lime Salad (I also have them add either the strips of steak or chicken on top).  I LOVE IT!  I CRAVE IT!!
2	Rubio's, you look pretty good now!  Consider this a strong...1.75 stars.  The service was very good.  I had fish tacos.  When they arrived I thought it was fish sticks covered in a red sauce.  After I probed it with my fork I realized it was a rectangular portion from some kind of fish fillet.  Done medium well.  Something that should never be done with fish.  The pinto beans were average and the rice was below average with a few crunchy grains mixed in.  The setting in the Miracle Mile shops is interesting.  Sit outside and people watch and have a couple drinks with your meal and you might enjoy yourself.
2	Nothing special at all. Prices were steep for the quality. Even the salsa they give at the beginning w/ the chips was just mediocre.  I wouldn't go again.
3	If you want a cheap (good for the price) hang-over breakfast for $3.50 and $1 bloody mary's this is the place. Two locations on the strip, one down near MGM and the other in the Mall near Planet Hollywood.Good decor, sat fast, staff was friendly.The breakfast special beats the $15-20 breakfast buffets if you just want something decent and quick and save your money for partying later.Choice of eggs, hashbrowns, meat, tortilla/toast, etc. Not bad actually. Beats McDs!Plus the 99cent marys, well, are a 99cent mary. Ask for a double. $2 for a tall vs the short glass. Cant beat it really. Again, bang for the buck.I'll definitely go here for my quick-fix breakfast to save some dough to just waste later in the day.
1	Avoid the food. Besides the service never coming around to the table the food is bland and not really hot when delivered. I had a grande burrito and it had what looked like canned cubes of chicken in it--the kind you find in a plastic package in the grocery store. The chips and salsa, besides costing $2.50, were so over salted they were un-eatable. I saw my waiter three times the entire time. Once after five minutes of waiting at the table after being seated. Once to deliver a drink and then again to deliver the food.  That's it.
3	Aww, why all of the bad reviews, my fellow yelpers?  This place isn't so bad, especially if you are hung over, hungry, and half asleep.  This place is perfect for a cheap breakfast to make you feel human again.Sprinkled along the Vegas strip, I'm sure plenty of La Salsa Cantina's are the equivalent of McDonald's, but with a heartier affair and with better service.  We had 11 in our party and one awesome man named Javier served us all and with such a pleasant smile that after we finished our breakfast of champions and while all the rest of my party gave him good-bye high fives, I extended a little more thank you with a good-bye hug.  He was willing to deal with our rowdy group to make sure we ate well and left with a smile.  Well, we did so thank you!The food is average, but how can you beat $3.95 for eggs, potatoes, and choice of bacon or sausage?  Of course I skipped the pork, but eggs and potatoes were pretty tasty.  A side of french toast for $2 was a perfect accompaniment.  Not to be forgotten, my double bloody mary (also $2) was pretty damn good too.I can't be all judgy for a cheap delicious breakfast offered on the Vegas strip.  Looking for a little more morning glam?  Not La Salsa..but if you're looking for what I detailed above, step right up, don't be shy, and ask for Javier!
3	Can't beat the 99 cent Bloody Mary's in the morning. We had a super bar tender that made ours extra spicy. The mexican breakfast was delicious.
4	Just came back from Vegas and of course had to go eat my lime-chile salad.  Still yummy!  Went back twice to eat my salad and each time also tried something else (steak quesadillas and chicken fajitas) . . . those were yummy too!  Went to both the one in Showcase Mall and Planet Hollywood Miracle Miles Shops and both of them had great service.
3	It's the breakfast, folks! I'm with Tarah M. on this one.  I understand that La Salsa is cheap chain and I'm not expecting much if I come in here to eat, especially in one of the shadiest parts of the Strip! Still, the value for the price (at breakfast at least) is reasonable, and I've had nothing but friendly, attentive service with no wait to be seated. The three times I've wound up in this location have all been related to emergency trips to the nearby Walgreen's to pick-up forgotten essentials. After blowing a small fortune during the first night of a long Sin City weekend (why does that always seem to happen?), I love knowing that I can come down to La Salsa for a decent $4 eggs-bacon-potatoes breakfast and $2 double Bloody Marys.  They even gave me a fresh full coffee to-go at no extra charge when I asked for a cup to take my last few sips with me.  Nice!P.S.  The actual salsa is not that great (at least for this Texan), so mix in some Cholula if you want some fire.
4	The first time I came in here I was craving chips & salsa so bad, I remember walking around the corner and the place seemed to be glowing...or maybe it was the huge pinkish purple sign...anyways, I certainly got my fill of chips and salsa and then some. The portions are huge! I had to take the bf here the next time we went down. He mistakenly ordered something on his own and couldn't finish it (I told you so). But the BEST thing about this place is the breakfast! What a deal and it's just the right amount. Every time I head to Vegas this is a place we always stop at. The servers are very friendly and on top of things and the atmosphere is always pleasant.
3	Four Stars for Vegas Breakfast.  Had the Breakfast special.  It was a fantastic bargain for $3.95.  Only a few paces away at the MGM where I was staying and would have paid 3 or 4 times that much.  It was busy, but the staff did well despite being overwhelmed.
4	Their El Champion Burrito was VERY delicious!
3	Me and my sisters spend every other Saturday here and we just can't get enough of it! The scene Is HOT on Saturday and Friday nights, the dance floor gets pretty congested and you'll find yourself booty bumping and grinding with the guy or girl behind you which is not always a good thing especially if they look like a shoe :-/ but you can get some of the best Margarita's in town here and the yard Margarita's are only about 20 bucks!
2	Where can you see two Michael Jacksons and a Superman kick it? The back of La Salsa Cantina. I guess we should have known that it was going to be an "eh" experience when it took five minutes for someone to come to the podium and seat us...even though the restaurant was half full. The two friends I was with were getting impatient, but finally a hostess came and seated us. It took about ten minutes for the waitress to finally come over and take our drink order. But since that took so long, we decided to place our food order as well. It took about 20 minutes for the food to come out, but we ate the chips and salsa to hold our hunger over. I ordered the nachos, they were good and filling. Whatever my friends ordered, they didn't really care for. I had to wave down the waitress to get a refill on my soda. I understand that the restaurant is located on the strip...they're probably busy all day. It just seemed like they were understaffed or something. And since it's a chain, I highly doubt that it will be going out of business anytime soon. The next time I'm craving Mexican food in LV, I'll probably skip the La Salsa's and choose another restaurant.
1	In our recent trip to Vegas, we decided to eat at La Salsa -thinking it was as good as the other La Salsa chain restaurants we've been to in California. Nope, we were WRONG.  The cheapest burrito on the menu was about $14 and it had some nasty-ass instant "uncle Ben's flavored" rice that was as hard as a rock.  They had no veggie tacos as they do in all the other La Salsa's I've been to and you have to pay for chips and salsa. WTF! Please don't make the same mistake we did, thinking we could have a quick decent burrito. I would recommend going to the Del Taco next door, upstairs in the food court where their burritos are $1.49 and if you don't like their burritos at least you only invested a fraction of the cost.  What a shame that La Salsa can't even keep their quality standards uniform throughout their chains.  On the bright side, if you're drunk and won't remember or care what you're eating, this place will work -but so will eating out of the garbage.
1	My wife and I ate there Dec 12th 2011.  I travel almost everyweek and might have some high expectations, but this place let me down on several things.  First was they were not busy, but tried to put us almost in the kitchen.  Then when they moved us they put us into a run down bench that actually had cracked plastic and a tilted table..but were wer hungry.  Our server was slow, she was close to rude and spent more time visting with other workers than her customers.  Ok...not a great story but it didnt get better. The food was down right bad. I had a normal Faita and it was just bad.  The worst was the Ticket Stub place recommended it so I bought a discount coupon.  Stay clear of this place.
2	This place is a tourist trap. The prices are moderate, but you get very little poor quality food. I'd rather have eaten at Wendy's next store and saved my money. There is some entertainment in the front, and the waitresses are nice. However, they have slow service.
5	GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!  Went searching for breakfast and ran into this cool little spot.  We were able to be seated right away.  The server was very friendly and attentive to our needs.   The breakfast was delicious!   My friend ordered the Mexican Scramble and it was GREAT.  I ordered steak n eggs and it was also very good.  To top it off, we ordered $3.95 breakfast drinks that were GREAT.  After a good breakfast, I decided I wanted the big tall frozen margarita (with the plastic cup that you can take home).  Not a lot of alcohol, but it was very tasty.  On top of it all, the place has TV's everywhere so its a nice spot to catch the games.  Not sure how lunch / dinner is, but I would definitely go back and try it.  I encourage you to check this place out for yourself!
5	BEST MARGARITA EVER!  The chicken tacos were perfect and our waitress was very nice and attentive.
3	Come here for the bar, not the food.The food was okay nothing special, the service was okay, the food did come out quick, but just wasn't impressed. Can't recommend the margaritas either, maybe it was just me but mine tasted like straight up over sweetened smoothie.Did stop here on a club crawls and did have a lot of fun a the bar though.This is one of those places you end up at, not quite a destination.
4	I want to go back and eat there right now! It was the best meal I ate in Vegas! I ordered nachos with chicken and a chicken quesadilla (Not looking for the healthiest meal). Staff was nice, didn't stand out as amazing, but overall good service. If you are staying at the MGM Grand, it's really close by. After I ad eaten at McDonald's twice, the buffet and ordered a pizza, I just wanted some yummy Mexican food. Thanks for saving my life that day.
4	Perfect for a cheap breakfast and love the $5 patron shots!!! Didn't find that anywhere else on the strip!
4	La Cantina offers solid food at solid prices. I was there for breakfast (which in Vegas of course includes mimosas) and serving sizes were good as were the prices. The coffee was average restaurant coffee (drinkable). I would happily go back again for breakfast or lunch.
4	Went for breakfast. Carne Asada was good. Cheap breakfast that is worth leaving the hotel for.
2	Hopefully this is the La Salsa next to M&M and Coke...Right off the bat, service was lacking starting with the hostesses. I didn't expect much though considering they're primarily known for their yard long margaritas. My server approached me and he pretty much made my trip worth it. His name is Javier and he's one of the nicest servers I've ever had, in general. I got the Mexican Pizza and chips, salsa, and guacamole. Simple.The chips, salsa, and guacamole were so bland. I swear they got their salsa from a can. Literally, Pace brand salsa tastes 100 times better than this stuff. Mexican Pizza was loaded with stuff but not anything special. I like the one at Taco Bell more. Dessert was a chimi-cheesecake (sp?)? Sounded good but was eh. Fried stuff is pretty hard to mess up so it wasn't terrible.Best thing I consumed here was Coke.The server was so nice to me though. He comped my dessert and gave me 15% off my bill. I didn't know I got a discount there (I work nearby). Of course, I gave him a mad tip. I was still disappointed at the terrible food.
1	I could not believe that this place charges for chip and salsa since it is a "Mexican" restaurant. It wasn't expensive at $2.95, but really?! I ordered the grilled baja fish taco which was extremely dry, the black beans were alright, and the rice hard. My BF ordered chicken tacos which were also dry, but totally not edible! This was a complete waste of money that ended up being pricey after you add the drinks!!
2	Where to start.... Service was slow, food was dull.Carnesada burrito had hardly any meat. Rice was blah and dry. Steak fajitas were actually pretty good, could of done with out so many onions and bell peppers.We had to pay for the chips and salsa which was $2.99 but then u get unlimited after the first serving.Got a really great drink but that was $10 don't think that was worth it.Our total bill for two people not including tip was $53FOR MEXICAN FOOD that wasn't even great.They get two stars, cool atmosphere and and tasty drink
5	I will come here every time I visit. Burrito was banging. They up sold me in pictures they take right there but its cool...
3	Came here with no expectations, only to get a quick meal and some dranks! super casual atmosphere and yes it is a lil touristy. Their drinks were pretty good and strong. Had (of course) the pina colada. Most of the people at the table got the corona/margarita.For food had a mix of beef and chicken tacos. It was pretty decent. Big portions. Staff was super friendly. Overall, I left happy and with a lil buzz.....and suffered no GI distress. What more can you ask for?
4	This place looks small on the outside, but it's bigger on the inside because they have funky things outside. They have long containers that are a yard long, they were made for drinking, but I prefer having horchata instead inside the containers. They have some burritos like carne asada & other one, but the one that caught my eye was the Grande burrito. Of course, I ordered it to try it out & found out it wasn't really Grande as I expected, it was more of a normal burrito, not Grande at all. I'm giving this place a four because while waiting for my food, the waiter that served me & my friend, he was making jokes which were defiantly funny, plus they have breakfast specials
4	Stopped in for a lite dinner and apps. Service at the bar was excellent. One of the few places on the strip where a small glass of beer is $10. Normal prices. relaxing atmosphere off the crazy strip.
3	Waiters are not very good but the food is great!
1	Awful, awful, awful. Two entrees n a drink cost us $40. The quality of food didn't even deserve $1
3	This La Salsa Cantina is the one located on the strip next door to the M&M store across from New York, New York.  It's a great place to catch a quick drink while the kids are next door.  The place has been there for years and still the bartenders still poor a mean drink!  Yummy.  The problem at this location as in the past, is that the smell of vomit permeates the bar area.  You'll know why after having one of their "Margaritas by the Yard".  If you don't have a seasoned stomach for the large3 foot funnel tube drinks made here, don't drink one.  Most people who don't drink can't handle one.  Nachos are good here too!
2	Aiyaaah. $15 for a burrito...my wallet was sighing.Came here expecting a pretty easy process to grab a burrito to go. Guess you should go somewhere else for that. My friend and I wanted to escape the overpriced food court next door w/ $8 Subway footlongs and $4 Wendy's chicken. We decided on burritos, and just shelled out the money hoping for a legit burrito. After waiting 15-20 mins, we were less than satisfied for the amount we paid but at least we got beans and rice on the side which was nice. Perhaps I am too used to Chipotle and other legit Mexican places...well now I know.
4	Skip the food and go straight to the half yard margarita to-go. When in Vegas you HAVE to take advantage of the opportunity to enjoy your alcoholic beverage on the street. They're $17.50-19.50 depending on what you choose, but trust me you are MORE than getting your money's worth.I prefer mine on the rocks with salt. That way I can see (and be amazed) at how much alcohol they're putting in. And, somewhat less importantly, I find the frozen ones too sweet.
3	I feel like a broken record when reviewing restaurants on the strip in Vegas, but La Salsa is no different, it was way too expensive for the food we got, however food we got was pretty good!  We went with the pricey Patron margs (at $13/ea). They were tasty, but really just like any other margarita on the rocks you have every had!  We also started with their fresh made guacamole (they don't do it at the table, but instead make new batches every 3 hours). The guac comes with two salsas and a big basket of chips.  I loved the smokey chipotle salsa and the guac was chunky and tasty. The chips could have used some salt! For dinner I had the Green Chile Chicken Burrito (with a side of black beans and rice).  It was excellent.  The burrito itself was stuffed with grilled chicken, whole roasted green chiles and a nice red sauce.  It was crisped up on the fry top and served cut in half (made for easy eating).  The restaurant itself was kind of forgettable as far as look and feel.  Honestly, while in there I told my husband it reminded me of a Margaritaville in an airport!  Huge bar, a few tables.  Also good to now that while it is in the Forum Shops, it is way down on level 1 all the way at the street (kind off to the side) as you are going out towards Joes (it looks like you are leaving and then there it is!). Service was attentive and the food was good.  The price was just too steep.  I mean guac, 2 burritos and a 4 margs was like $93!!!! I think it worth 1/2 that, so low marks for inflated prices!
3	They are so easy-going here that it's easy to say yes when they casually ask if you want your margarita made with Patron. But hey, it's Vegas!We got the chips and guac, and the guac was most excellent. I got a burrito, which was standard mexican fare. It was good, but not great. The restaurant was also almost a side-note and relatively hard to find in the Forums. They were pretty tiny and the decor left some to be desired.Service was quick and happy and it's hard to complain about that. I think every single person who worked there came by to check on us while we were sitting there.
2	The food is just okay; definitely nothing special. The chicken was dry and burnt. However, our waiter was extremely friendly. Will not be back though.
5	Let me tell you something, disregard every other review here. This place is great, I have been here over 10x throughout my 3 trips to Vegas. This place has cheap authentic mexican food and I emphasize CHEAP & AUTHENTIC. Cheap as in breakfast starting at 4 bucks. They also have omelettes and huevos rancheros for 8$ with large portions that will FILL YOU UP. Great value, great taste, the other people here are insane. Definitely go here for breakfast/brunch.
4	Best buy for breakfast  especially for kids . Fast friendly service 3.99 breakfast good and 99 cent bloody Mary's . We ate breakfast there 3 times . Six people for under 40.00 Can't beat that !
3	First lets start with late night entry... We had a party of 9 and one of us was wearing shorts.  They absolutely refused to let us in because of that. There was like 2-3 people in there that walked out with shorts right when they were telling us that shorts weren't allowed. Uhhh really? When we brought it to their attention, all the "supervisor" said was "They were here before I got here." One of them even had sandals on! We decided to just split up and a few of us stayed in there, only reason was really because my girlfriend likes the enchiladas from there and because we just didn't want to walk anymore. That was just the entrance, didn't get much better after that. We were given our table fairly quick and our order was taken shortly after. I believe I had a burrito but it was not that great. If you go in large parties be aware that there is a gratuity charge AND a "service charge?" Yeah go figure, looked more like a phone bill to me. I would've given them 1 star but my girlfriend really likes going for the enchiladas, I like the music they play, we were sat promptly, and there was some short guy dressed like Michael Jackson that made me laugh lol. All in all, decent place but there's definitely room for improvement and dress code consistency.
2	Gross gross gross. I don't know why we walked in here. Being drunk should make everything taste better!!
4	This is a cool spot to check out if you want something a little less over the top. The club scene isn't really my cup of tea, I'm more of a bar hopper and a foodie, so this place was nice to hang out at.  Also, it was conveniently located right by the Excalibur where I was staying so I didn't have to walk too far drunk. Haha.Anyways, when we got there at around 8:00ish it was pretty empty, but boy did it get packed as the night grew longer. Especially  at around 10:00pm when they clear out the bar stools and a few tables & chairs to make room for the dance floor, because on Friday & Saturday nights they have a DJ. So when that happens, it's crazy packed and everyone is dancing, which I didn't care for. Mehh.I just stayed at the bar with my bf and watched all the sweaty people dance. Haha. The bartenders were very friendly and kind. They did their job well, I must say. One of them even gave me a shot of tequila on the house because it was my B-Day. Very awesome! Mmm so they have very yummy half  yard margaritas that you have to try. I asked our bartender to make it more on the stronger side and he pulled that off very well. Wow, that thing was strong and delish. And you get to keep the thing it comes in as a souvenir. Now about the food...My bf and I shared the steak fajitas, those were so good! They had a very yummy taste to them and they give you a pretty big portion. We also came here one morning for breakfast because they have great breakfast deals, and I mean AWESOME deals! Very cheap, yet great quality food. I got the Huevos Rancheros and I was very satisfied!I totally recommend La Salsa Cantina!
5	We have been visiting this place for years on every Vegas trip. CHEAP fabulous breakfast and the very good tequila sunrise! Home of the .99 Bloody Mary and 3.99 breakfast. You won't go wrong for this meal deal. There are several locations, the one inside planet Hollywood has a slightly different taste and staff service from our visit. The one we normally goto is next to the coca cola museum and MGM on the strip. Consistent and tasty, always a visit in our book.
5	This is hands down the best deal you will find for breakfast on the south end of the strip. I wish I would have discovered it sooner in our trip. We always got the $3.99 breakfast which consisted of eggs, choice of meat, breakfast potatoes and toast or tortilla. They do upcharge you for more tortillas and also to bring you salsa with the meal. I guess I should have asked. The salsa is very good though and worth the price. This is a very satisfying breakfast and a steal at what they are charging. They also offer $.99 Bloody Mary which I tried and it was pretty good. It is not very big, but what do you expect for $.99? We ate here every morning for the rest of our trip once we realized how good it was and what a great value for the money. You must come here if you are looking to not break the bank and still get a hearty, tasty meal.
3	We found this place after hours walking on the strip looking for something interesting.We were just walking and suddenly listened to some loud salsa music.Since,we're all Latinas we were so excited and just stopped by. It was like 11:30 pm and there was no line at all!! They asked us for IDs and there was no cover charge...Also there wasnt any dress code and they let us in with flip flops....They Place its small, and its was too Crowded!! There werent any tables available so we had to stay up and just dance with the crowd. Drinks are good here for the price.We ordered Margaritas Yardas and they were HUGE!! Bartenders and waiters are all latinos and very friendly. Music its a Mix of everything... Salsa,Bachata,Pop,Rock en Espanol,Cumbias,etc.... Nice if you're on the mood for some latin music and want to dance something different in Vegas.The only thing i didnt like about this place its the bathroom. It only had 2 bathrooms for that amount of ladies. I had to wait like 30 minutes for my turn. Also, they were very dirty and all wet, i had to cleaned it myself. By the way,i didnt come back again to use this bathroom.Overall,i gave it 3 stars because its no dress code,nice latin music and No Cover Charge! I would come back!!
4	Went here while traveling across the country on a stop to Vegas.  We had just left the MGM and decided we were hungry late at night and since coming from Ohio, where no Mexican restaurants are open late, we had to go!  Food is very average.  Overpriced and extremely Americanized Mexican food.  I was expecting a little bit more out of La Salsa Cantina but then we found the best part of this place, the yard margarita!They were charging 17.50 for well tequila and 19 for top shelf tequila, which we chose!  You also get to keep the glass here, which was an added plus!  They don't play around with these drinks and they make them strong, taking care of us for the rest of the night!I don't know if I'd suggest spending my money on food here, but definitely get the drinks if you do come here, well worth it, especially if you start the night here and get free drinks while gambling after for the rest of the night!
4	The sign at the entrance caught our eye. Not much of a looker from the outside but when you get in, it isn't that bad. Nice Mexican restaurant. For breakfast the $4 meal and 99 cent bloody mary is a great deal, though I advise you step up to the $2 bloody mary, bigger and better. Had dinner here once and loved it, five of us and it came to about $90, not bad for Vegas.
3	convient on the strip. Staff was very friendly. But most importantly, the micheladas were def on POINT. Perfect for the "day after" in vegas
1	The food was decent but the prices they charge is a sh*t load of $$$. The atmosphere was HORRIBLE!!! The music they play at night time is just old lame ass music from Pitbull, Daddy Yankee, & other lame ass reggaeton music.
5	Love this place! I can't believe the bad reviews! Spend my weekend in Vegas and was here both nights for the dancing. I first went to LAX and it was so crowded, nowhere to dance! What's the point? So, we came here and had a BLAST!!! Next night we went to HAZE at Aria, and it was SUCH a disappointment, so we came here, again. It was so much fun! Staff is friendly, people are friendly. We didn't have the food so I can't comment on that, we just came to dance and it was SO MUCH FUN! I was probably the only non-Latin in there but nobody cared! It was a BLAST!!!P.S. - they had water bottles for a dollar... A DOLLAR!!! This is unheard of at the strip. I was a happy camper since I don't drink!
2	Not good food. For my order wrong. I don't mind that because it means I might try something I thoroughly enjoy and would have never known if that mistake hasn't been made. However this was not the case. I had ordered fajitas.. Ended up with enchiladas. Lol I wouldn't have mind but then my food was so gross and bland I couldn't enjoy it at all. Waiter was extremely nice but lacked understanding .Oh well.. It's on the strip. What are your going to do?
5	For a touristy day on the strip, stop here and have a blended cream sickle (21+, of course!) Seriously, it's so good!
5	NO COVER CHARGE!!!$5 margaritas on the rocks are delicious,  not cheap with the alcohol.  Probably had about 5 before we left they close at 3 am very good music was just there 10/19/13 amaxing service our waitress even danced with one of our friends after a happy tip! She was awesome. For the food we chose the combination fajitas which were shrimp steak and chicken, very good came with rice beans and guacamole and a side of tortillas.  Paid about 50 for 3 beers our fajitas 5 margaritas! On my margaritas alone was just 25 but well worth it with the environment and atmosphere on the dance floor! Point is, STOP BY AND HAVE LOADS OF  FUN!
4	During our 6 day stay in Vegas, we happened upon this place our 3rd day. AWESOME!!!! Had $2 Coronas, $1 Bloodys, and excellent service. We then came for breakfast for the rest of our stay and. . .YUM!!!! If you're in the area of Planet Hollywood, this breakfast can't be beat!!
4	We stopped here because we could not find the restaurant we were looking for. So, yes, it was an accident, but we were greeted very friendly and they had great specials to eat a good meal for pretty cheap. The food is not amazing, so I will tell you that it your looking for the meal or your life, it's not here. However, it was good, we were not disappointed and we both enjoyed our meals, drinks and resting our tired feet. The prices were also great, we were enjoying Vegas on a budget and this fit in well. My husband meal was a drink/corona special, so it worked great for him! I had a cheapie margarita and was happy with it and my meal.We would go back. Easy to find, right on the strip next to the M&M store, good specials, friendly waiters and overall a good experience!
1	Good literally tasted like it was made from rubber here. Not sure why some people gave this a decent review, but it's one of the worst meals I've had in Vegas thus far.
2	Horrible service, the place is beautiful. But my order was wrong and the service was unbelievably horrible!!!
1	The service was anything but.  Service? Is that what these folks call what there hourly workers provide?  It was more like "I'm here where's my money".  The food? Cold, dry chicken that was prepared earlier in the week and likely not at this location.  Fish tacos? No, that is the simplest and nicest way to say it.  One more thing, casadeis were cold, appeared to be made in a microwave and minimal.  Then I get the bill...  $12.00 for what should have been a $3.00 casadei.  No that was not a question.  Places like this have no business being in business and are the best reason I know to stay home.
2	We stopped in here for a couple drinks and a quick bite. We ordered a taco salad, which was REALLY boring. It was mostly iceberg lettuce with a sprinkle of cheese, tomatoes and beans; pretty disappointing for the price because this place is NOT cheap! Waitstaff were not around much. Overall, we would not go back again. Bottom line: the drinks were alright and although the food was super basic and overly priced, at least it was somewhat fresh so we didn't get sick.
1	I'd been to other La Salsa locations in Vegas, and they have never done me wrong.  I went to this location because I was starving in the middle of the day, and wanted a cheap meal with a beer.  La Salsa advertised both a lunch and beer special on sandwich boards on the sidewalk, which sounded great, so I obviously I'm going inside.  There is a bar near the front, so you can still get some sunlight, and they have video poker!  SOLD!  I drop some cash in the VP machine, order the beer special, follow it up with the lunch special, and I'm good to go.Strike 1 - The bartender comes back 10 minutes after I order my meal, and he says that they are out of the lunch special, and hands me a menu.  It's 3-frigin'-30 in the afternoon, and they're already out of the lunch special?!?  How about taking down the sandwich board outside so more people don't get rooked into buying a meal that's twice as expensive as they planned??  FYI, they didn't take down the sandwich board.  I ordered something else, and it was decent.  And how do you run out of Mexican food?  Everything has the same ingredients, it's just packaged different.  And this was a basic burrito.Strike 2 - None of my beers were comped.  Whoa whoa whoa, what??  Is this Russia?  This isn't Russia.  Really, is this Russia?  What bar doesn't comp beer for playing?  I've been to one or two in my life, but they let you know up front.  So I lost money in the machine (as I expected), paid for my beers (not expected when playing), and bought a lunch that was twice as expensive as they advertised (never crossed my mind that would happen).This La Salsa either intentionally rips people off by LYING that they don't have a certain dish left, they have terrible business practices, or they are incompetent.  I am NOT going back to this La Salsa ever again, and the other locations probably lost my business as well.
4	We stumbled on to this place and decided to go in. It was pretty quiet because it was between breakfast and lunch which was nice. We ended up getting the Mexico City tacos and the Baja fish tacos and I have to say that the food as delicious. The service was incredibly friendly, and the margaritas hit the spot. One of the guys fixed our margarita which entailed adding more tequila, so I'd definitely recommend this place! The guacamole was very tasty and they had a nice smokey chipotle salsa.
4	This place in conviently located on the vegas strip near MGM Grand and M&M store They have a pretty tasty 3.99 breakfast (yes 4 dollars on,the strip). Plus they have .99 cent bloody marys and a variety of breakfast cocktails for less then 5 dollars including patron margaritas. If you would like to save a little money and are awake before noon this place will provide a nice breakfast without leaving the strip.
3	A few months back I ate at a random la salsa and had an amazing meal. Like, legitimately excellent (which is saying a lot, since I live in Southern California and used to live in Mexico). That La Salsa was somewhere between fast food and fast casual. I was looking forward to coming to this la salsa (because I really like Mexican food for breakfast), and was kind of surprised that it was an actual restaurant. The prices reflect that change as well. Overall, the experience was ok. The food was pretty good (nothing to write home about, but it cheaply and healthfully filled my belly), and the servers were nice enough, but the service wasn't really *good*. It was like a Mexican Dennys. This is totally ok if that's what you're expecting, but disappointing if it's not. Their hostess set up isn't really working. They have the hostesses doing a bunch of other miscellaneous crap around the restaurant and it means that you might wait a long time to be seated. I ate a full meal here once on my trip, and stopped in for some snacks to go twice. Their chips and salsa to go is around $2.50ish and they give you a massive amount of chips and salsa. Like I couldn't have gotten that much at the grocery store for that price. Their pinto beans are also delicious.
3	I'm a regular here for the Saturday night Latin music. Free for locals. Small ass dance floor, but plenty of seating and the music is great. DJ plays a variety of everything, mainly reggaeton, bachata, Cumbia and salsa. Mixed Drinks are $7-$12, shots $4 to $9. And then there's the food. Huge proportions so I recommend a mixed appetizer to share.
5	First of all, the Margaritas are some of the best on the strip and more potent than they taste.  They will add as much booze as you want (for an additional charge, of course) and will make those yard long margaritas on the rocks if you ask really nice.  Pro Tip: Don't race your friends to see who can drink their yard long first or you'll be siting out side next to gold painted street performer for a solid 15 minutes trying to get your bearings.  Now, the food (I ordered the Mexican Pizza) was AMAZING....granted I was wasted by the time it came due to said 'rita race, so very little wouldn't have been delicious at that point.  Some might take issue with spending $20-35 on a yard long anything, especially in Vegas where the booze is "supposed" to flow freely, but if you think you're drinking for free when you plunk $60+ into a machine while you wait 30 minutes for the waitress to brink you your watered down well drink,  this becomes the steal of the century.
5	I love this place its not fast but from my experience its fast enough for hangover breakfast food ( chorizo and eggs awesome !!!)  yeah its a tour spot but don't go expecting a high class dinning experience. Go with the flow your in Vegas so sit down shut up and stop you complaining. I will definitely be coming back here again because i know good mexican food and a good Margaretta !!!!
1	The potatoes for breakfast were so crunchy I couldn't penetrate them with my fork :( The AM Bloody Mary's were excellent. I think with so many options in the area, I would not go back.
5	Was not expecting Mexican food to be this good in vegas! Definitely will eat here the next time were in vegas.
5	We choose to come here after seeing a breakfast sign. Yum! The had the best price on breakfast the entire trip. I can't eat a buffet and feel it was worth it so, this place is my new top choice. WAY TO GO ON THE FRENCH TOAST! Great job on the hubby's steak burrito!!Grandma loved the 99 cents bloody Mary's.Will be back.
4	Good food and good price,  had a Margarita which was good and strong.  I also had the Mexico city tacos which will fill you up!
5	This was our best breakfast find while in Las Vegas. (Tucked away in the Mile of Mall.) Every bite was delicious, service was outstanding and the price was 'old Vegas.'
1	That place sucks bad!! The rice tasted like it was out of an Uncle Ben microwaveable bag, the tacos were dry and the bean tasted like they were out of a can!! To top it off one of the managers was yelling and cursing at the cooks in Spanish calling them worthless!! I can't believe my girlfriend and I payed $60 bucks for dinner!! I would say Taco bell is a better option!! Worst so called "Mexican" food I've ever had!!
5	Ok let's talk about the 3.95 breakfast !! And the breakfast drinks!!! Place was good! Awesome atmosphere! We were there July 5th so of course the worldcup game was on and it was live!!! Recommend !!!
4	Good:chips and salsafish tacoschicken enchiladaNot recommend:Veggie Burrito - unless you really like that kind of stuffThe discount meal ticket prevents you from choosing things from most of the menu. It only allows for the main dishes, all of which are around $10 or much higher. I really wanted a quesadilla as my main dish but they wouldn't apply it to it since it was considered an appetizer.
2	I stopped by the restaurant inside Planet Hollywood.  Sat at the bar and was ignored for at least 20 minutes and I was starving!!!  Left and found another by MGM,  I was so hungry for Mexican food I decided to stop in hoping my experience would be better.  Wait staff there Ok, food MEDIOCRE!!  I'd never go back, it was a waste of $$$$  DONT DO IT!!!!!!
3	Average to good food. We generally stop here for one lunch during our Vegas trips. The food is reasonably priced for Vegas. The cocktails are a little overpriced though.
5	For starters the host was very welcoming and funny loved it...sat at the bar drinks are great...bartender great...music great goes with theme "it's mexican ppl..relax"  youre still in there for margaritas and beer specials. Great place
4	Good food, lacking some on "Mexican" atmosphere. Would definitely recommend. Good value, especially on The Strip! Had Chili Lime Salad with chicken. My husband had nachos.
5	My time at La Salsa Cantina was memorable.  Originally, I did not come here to eat the food.  Just wanted to check out the salsa night vibe.  My group and I originally went to Hakkasan at MGM to enjoy some Calvin Harris; however, Hakkasan was just too crowded and the music was mediocre at best.  So we left and decided to check out this Salsa Cantina.  We heard the latin music outside which got us a tad bit interested.  Once we got in, it took a little while to get a table, but, eventually, we got one and ordered a couple margaritas, a strong drink I don't remember the name of, and two long yard frozen margaritas.  Let me just say, the drinks are delicious and are probably the strongest you'll ever find in Vegas.  The prices is cheap considering the location on the strip.  We also ordered the nachos which ended up being amazing drunk food lol.  Now, the dance floor, it is pretty small, but to be fair, they had a lot of space around the tables to where you did not have to stick with the dance floor.  The music consisted of a lot of salsa, bachata, merengue, and reggaton.  The atmosphere is fun.  If you're looking for a great time to relax and just dance, eat, and drink, this is the place to go on a Saturday night.  Our waitress, Rosy, was really attentive, thoughtful, and was just overall wonderful.  Loved her customer service!
3	3 stars for some really good drinks and atmosphere. Food was ok. A cool place to grab a bite while on The Strip. If you want a real mexican place try the Original Lindo Michoacan in East Side. If you're on the strip and want mexican food and good drinks to go with it then go here.
3	I want to dedicate these three stars to a waiter named Javier, because HE was four stars, the food was two, thus averaging out the star count to 3. This gentleman was what a good server should be: engaging, funny, polite and friendly. Attentive. Because of him, I had a very pleasant visit. I'm gonna be honest and say that I didn't really like the food although I really enjoyed the steak quesadilla I ate. Starting off with the chips and salsa, the chips are on point. Ours were fresh out of the fryer and nice and crunchy. The salsa, FAKE. No spice, nothing nice, and I felt like those cowboys in the commercial that say: "This stuff was made in New York City!!!" The queso fundido and the guacamole were outstanding though, and went perfectly with the tortilla chips.Moving on to the rest of the food, AGAIN, FAKE BEANS AND FAKE RICE. BOO!!!!! You can't fake the Mexican, cause a real Mexican and real Mexican food lovers will know what real Mexican food is supposed to taste like and in all of my 37 years of eating Mexican food, I've never tasted rice like that before. IF you've ever seen buffets or cafeteria lines whip out a bag of pre-cooked rice and then pour it in to a tray, you get it and it has like a rubbery/plastic taste and texture, you'll know what I'm talking about. Puro Rice-A-Roni/Uncle Ben status. My wife and I shared a shrimp enchilada plate, and I felt that they could have been a little spicier, but overall were not bad.My only real complaint about this place is that breakfast isn't served all day. It's only served till 12 pm, and I don't know about you, but who gets up before 12 pm in Vegas? I had wanted chilaquiles and a cheap bloody mary, but sadly, I couldn't get either because 12 pm had passed, sniff, sniff. Maybe I should get up earlier next time so I can try their breakfast. Overall, I think I'd come back because their drinks looked very tasty!
4	Good food, great value for money. Check out the burrito challenge with the yard of Margarita - tough to finish, but delicious and worth a free t shirt!
2	My friends and I came here for some good food and friendly service, too bad we were wrong. The restaurant has on the menu, a 48 oz margarita and the waiter kept trying to get me to get the Patron tequila, even after I repeatedly told him I HATE Patron, that was his first mistake, next, the waiter asked us if we wanted chips and salsa, we said yes, he brought them, we get the bill and its a charge for them, he never said they were not complimentary (where I'm from, Chicago, chips and salsa are complimentary), that was his second mistake (he did take them off the bill). To put the icing on the cake, I ordered  flautas, they were made with some of the thickest tortillas I have ever seen in my life, my friend's salad had no dressing, she asked for extra and where was our waiter?, running his mouth with his fellow staff members, it took him 15 minutes to bring a side of salad dressing, which we had to ask him for TWICE. Overall, I was not impressed and I will NOT BE BACK!!!!!
5	Great reasonably priced food on the strip.  Gamble and come here to recover.  Across from NYNY.  They serve at the bar, and the food is great.  A secret treasure.
4	We had a decent Southwest/TexMex breakfast there. It was fresh, hot, inexpensive (by the Vegas Strip's standards) , and the food was simple but comforting and decent tasting. So, I definitely recommend the place for a simple southwest-style breakfast.
5	Excellent place to go for Latin dancing on the strip. I have been here numerous times and it's a blast every time.  The dance floor is always lively and you can see that everyone enjoys themselves when they are there.  This is the La Salsa in the Showcase mall right next to the MGM and the M&M factory.  If you want to go out and have a casual time on the strip and not go broke,  make sure to come here.  Staff is always friendly and attentive especially Marco the GM who always knows what's going on and checks up on things.  The food is always great too.  I recently had the fajita burrito and it was so big that I shared it with my wife and we couldn't finish it.
2	This was the worse service I have ever received. The restaurant was dead and we were seated promptly but rudely.  The food came out fast, which was the only positive part of this experience. Our waitress Patty, only came to our table once due to the fact that she needed to get our orders. We needed other things at our table and she never came by. We wanted to get our bill and we had to get a server come over to get Patty's attention. It took an additional 15 minutes to get our bill. Overall fast food but the service was terrible. Shout out to the cooks, too bad Patty couldn't give this restaurant another star.
2	There are a few positives about La Salsa.  One is that they have a DJ and a real dance floor; and by real dance floor, I mean that people are expected to actually dance to the music they play, not just grind or stand around holding a drink.  The other positive is that on a Saturday night, they were not charging a cover for guys.Other than that...we got free chips and salsa for being locals.  Margaritas go from $10 - $17.  We didn't order any food besides the chips, but entrees were priced $15 - $20.  If you're on the strip and want to dance to Latin music, then cool, go to La Salsa.  If you're on the strip and want to get margaritas and get Mexican food...then go somewhere off the strip.
3	We've gone here 3 or 4 times on our Vegas trips,  and I've enjoyed it every time. The food is a little more expensive than what we normally pay for Mexican food,  but it's good and is still one of the best deals you can find for food on the strip.
2	This was the worse service I have ever received. The restaurant was dead and we were seated promptly but rudely.  The food came out fast, which was the only positive part of this experience. Our waitress Patty, only came to our table once due to the fact that she needed to get our orders. We needed other things at our table and she never came by. We wanted to get our bill and we had to get a server come over to get Patty's attention. It took an additional 15 minutes to get our bill. Overall fast food but the service was terrible. Shout out to the cooks, too bad Patty couldn't give this restaurant another star.
4	The four stars is strictly for the breakfast special. Especially the price - $3.95 for two eggs, potatoes(which were the bomb diggity), choice of meat, and tortillas. $.99 mini bloody Marys were not too shabby either. Service was decent.  Great value for being on the strip.
