4	I'll start with a disclaimer:  My father-in-law is a friend of Donny  (the owner) and the last time we were there for Sunday dinner, Donny plied us with free booze.  But I won't let that and the "make you an offer you can't refuse" look of the place sway my judgement.Let's make this simple:  I eat there at least once a month, sometimes as many as four times per month.  I took my wife on our first date there, where I serenaded her with "Hotel California" on the way back from a scrumptious meal.  But anyone who's read my reviews knows that I wouldn't keep going back for nostalgia alone.  No, siree Bobby, the place has to be good.And it is.Awesome pepperoni rolls, best I've ever had.  Crispy outside, chewy oowey goodness inside, and hot pepperoni oil dripping down your fingers leaving a trail of second degree burns down to you knuckles.  Breaded zuchini that makes you want to cry tears of joy.  Wedding soup that would make you leave your wife on your wedding day.  And entrees that range from decent to "oh, god, YES" ogasmically good.If you go, tell Donny that I sent you.  Otherwise he'll break my legs the next time he sees me.
5	Simply divine, I almost cant put into words how wonderful the food is.  Great atmosphere, though the murals of Italy on the wall are just a tad cliche.  Seriously great food, I ate way more than I normally would simply because the food was so good.  I started with the homemade wedding soup, it was chock full of spinach, nice healthy green spinach not gross wilted stuff.  Not too salty like commercially produced soups, everything in it was so fresh.  For my entree I had the Veal Milanese, it was simple and elegant.  They actually had quit e a few veal entrees on the menu so I am assuming it is one of their specialties.  I topped it all off with Tiramisu and I was in heaven.  I felt like I was going to burst and probably ate a whole weeks worth of calories, but it was so worth it.Service could have used a little work, I was in a party of 7 and either the waitress or kitchen staff lost an order.  Otherwise everything was excellent.
4	When I think of Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin and the rest of the Rat Pack sitting in a private room of a restaurant after a performance, I think of DeBlasio's. Dark paneled walls, large paintings of Italy , dimly lit, and veal dishes out the ying yang. I come here when I want to indulge in cooking like grandma cooked. Here, frying is not bad like say a large order of fries at the O in Oakland. I had a dish of veal, lightly sauteed in a little olive oil after dusted with a little flour, lightly seasoned, and served still sizzling. The only added touch by me was a squeeze of fresh lemon and the dish was complete. This is the only way to eat veal. Please never let me hear of anyone slathering veal with sauce and cheese. A side of green beans and a salad and my meal was complete.
4	Its all our YELPER'S parents restaurant. Great Italian food. Do yourself a favor and sit in bar area. A very older crowd who looks like they are getting ready to head out to a Sinatra concert. Order yourself a manhattan or highball....sit back and enjoy the scene. Quite entertaining.
4	It took a few minutes for the host to come up to seat us (It wasn't busy, either), but once we were seated, we were served fairly quickly. The place was a little more on the expensive side, so I was thankful I had a $10 off coupon. Our waitress was friendly enough, and we just beat the dinner rush, so in general, it was a good experience.
4	I love this place. Great Italian. Generous portions. The penne Mona Lisa is delicious. Waitstaff is lovely.
3	I gave this three stars only b/c they do not offer a gluten free menu and there is not much to eat here. I ordered a pittsburgh salad and I couldn't even get the fries b/c they had a flour coating...the fries make the salad. They have decent stuffed hot peppers, their steaks arent bad. Decently priced, if you go for lunch expect to have a long lunch. They are fairly slow.
5	I grew up very nearby and for whatever reason we've only been here a few times.During a recent trip home we were looking for a casual dinner and were craving Italian food. We were treated to a delicious, homemade feast. The "famous" stuffed breadsticks are glorious. They are HUGE, almost like stromboli. The marinara for dipping was chunky and fresh.I really enjoy wedding soup and theirs did not disappoint. Very classic.For dinner I had the cheese ravioli. The portion was excellent and each ravioli was plump. The cost was incredibly reasonable for three of us for dinner.The restaurant is in the old Virginia Manor shopping center next to the Giant Eagle. The decor is not fancy (suspended ceiling, murals on the walls), but it's extremely comfortable and has a family/locals atmosphere. The bar has several well-placed flat screen TVs and was filled.Our service was a little slow, but it was friendly. I can't believe I wasted so many years in Scott Township not eating here.
4	From the outside, DeBlasio's doesn't look all that special, but don't let looks deceive you!  It's much, much bigger on the insdie than it seems and the wait without reservations on a friday night is completely reasonable (15-20 minutes)- and you can wait next door at the bar for your table.  The food is excellent- I highly recommend the appetizers! Prices are also reasonable- a spaghetti dinner is under $18- and the portion is large enough that you will have left overs for two meals to take home!
5	My husband and I pass this place on a regular basis and have had it on our list of places to eat. Well, we finally got around to it and I wish we Wouldn't have waited so long.  Food was outstanding. Cooked just as we had asked, and the taste was unbelievable!!!!! The server was absolutely perfect. I am very impressed with this place on every level.  Although the outside seems small it is rather quite large and just the right amount of noise level. Not so quiet you can hear a pin drop and not so loud that you have to yell to hear each other.  I would recommend this place to everyone to try!
2	My family and I tried the restaurant for lunch, after having been there for dinner many times. Very disappointing. Slow service, and my grandaughter's pizza was not made right the first time (the waitress said it did not "set", whatever that means). We had to wait another 20 minutes for the little girl's pizza, with no compensation or real apology. Of course, by the time it came, she could not eat it, and we ended up throwing it away. No a pleasant experience for lunch. Sandwiches had a lot of bread, then served with fries, it was just too much carbs.  Not that tasty.
4	Unassuming looks on the outside, but there's a reason why they're packed night after night and in business for many years. Some traditional Italian fare, reasonable prices and some creastive twists on the nightly specials menu. Pepper corn Steak, Diablo Pasta, fresh bread and try their house dressing on your salad. Grandma has to be back in that kitchen somewhere, and she knows how to cook!
1	I live nearby, on any given day this is my top 5 italian place to eat. I am in boycott as of july 3rd, when don deblasio treated us great disrespect. He triple booked our table. Basically made an effort to run us out. Haven't been back since
2	If you're above the age of 70 or can't bear the thought of opening a can of jarred spaghetti sauce and boil a few frozen raviolis, then this place will do. Otherwise, do yourself a favor and avoid. In dire needs of modernization, food and decor wise.  I don't understand all the great reviews.
5	The stuffed breadsticks were phenomenal and HUGE! I wish I could find stuffed crust pizza around Pittsburgh that isn't a chain, but this fit the bill! We could have made a meal out of the breadsticks alone. The wedding soup was awesome too. I had the shrimp and lobster tail florentine for my entree, and loved it. Dessert was a snowball cake that was very good with whipped cream icing which I prefer over buttercream. All in all, a great meal with big portions ( I had to take half of my food home) and nice service. Loved this place.
3	Not sure if we went on a "off" night but I wont be going back. I really wanted to try this place and like it. The service was very slow. We ordered the stuffed breadsticks, everyone said they were great, Im not a huge cheese person and there was a ton of cheese. I also got a soup and salad, the wedding soup was bland, I love wedding soup, but I didnt even finish it here. The dressings dont seem to be homemade either which bummed me out. I had the chicken Milense and it was a nice portion and pretty good. If I had to come back I would order that again, but skip everything else.
3	I have be going to DeBlasio's for at least 15 years.  Quality of food and service is consistent.  No surprises.  Prices are reasonable and daily specials are a value.  Can't give the restaurant a four or five as I believe the interior needs a serious makeover.  Too dark and rather dated.
3	My wife and I dined at DeBlasio's Friday, 7 June 2013 for the first time in years.  Our prior experience was memorable for the wrong reason, cigarette smoke which streamed into the dining room from the bar.  The latest visit was much better.We were early for a 7:00 p. m. reservation and were seated immediately in a nice booth by the courteous and professional hostess.  I find the dining room to be spacious, comfortable, and attractive.  I disagree with those who feel that it is badly in need in renovation.  It need not change a thing on my account.The highlight of our meal was the service from young, efficient, friendly, warm, and gracious Alexis.  She performed a quality check with every course, but was not hovering over us.  No manager or host/hostess came to the table to inquire about the quality of our meal.My Samuel Adams seasonal brew and my wife's merlot wine were both good and worth the prices ($4 and $5.95 respectively).The fresh Italian bread was good.  It could have been better had it been served warm and with a container of soft butter rather than hard pats of commercial product in plastic containers that the diner must open.Our fried zucchini appetizer was outstanding and fairly priced at $7.50 for a healthy portion which left some to take home and enjoy.  This dish is one of the best in the area, and that is saying something in this zucchini-crazed region.My wife had a mozzarella cheese and tomato salad which was small, but good.My linguine with meat sauce ($12.95) was an average portion.  The pasta and sauce were tasty, but there was not much meat in the sauce and the pasta was significantly overcooked and soft, not something I would have expected at a restaurant which features Italian food.The carrot cake was delicious and a reasonable portion.Our check was $46+ for two.  While we enjoyed our evening, I believe that for the money, we are better off at wonderful Scoglio Greentree, just two or three miles away.
4	This place is famous in the s hills and it was PACKED when we arrived without a reservation, but they were able to see this immediately anyway. The tables are really packed together in the dining room was a bit loud but this is to be expected of a very popular restaurant. The interior was cute it looks like how my grandmother would decorate her house with Christmas lights and refund the walls it wasn't tacky but it's definitely geared towards an older crowd.  don't bring a hot date here, but do bring your grandma here for dinner.. The service was very slow and I think the prices are just a little bit pricey,u do get excellent food. My bf had chicken parmigiana and I had the chicken Milanese. We came here because we had an enjoyable coupon and I'm really glad we did because the food was outstanding. If I go back which I certainly will probably get the chicken parmigiana it was to die for! I just like the chicken Milanese though as it was light and lemony. I recommend this place and I've said it before I'll say it again I have read new respect for strip mall restaurants!
4	This little Italian restaurant reminds me of a place you would fine in the north end of Boston (there little Italy). The atmosphere feel's like an old local family place and I really loved it. You can tell if you lived in the area that's where you meet up with friends and family for a drink or a good meal.I ordered the stuffed manicotti which came with a side salad and bread. The meal was great the sauce was good and the manicotti was great. This place made a fan out of me and will defiantly be back to try more of whats on the menu.
2	I think I have dined at DeBlasio's for the final time.  The restaurant does not respond to questions or respectful criticism despite maintaining a website which provides the ability to communicate..  I enjoy DeBlasio's pizza and fried zucchini, but it is not worth the trouble to travel there for it.  Stranegly,  pizza is offered only in the small lounge, but it can be impossible to secure a table there or to determine how many parties are waiting for one.   On a recent visit, I believe it was the owner that delivered our fried zucchini to the table.  He simply dropped off the dish with nothing pleasant to say, no graciousness.  If this were my restaurant, I would be grateful for every customer and that would show in the manner with which I interact with them.  There are few restaurants that offer zucchini as delicious as that of DeBlasio's, but many which offer outstanding pizza and other dishes.  I will dine where my patronage is appreciated and where ownership and management are responsive.  DeBlasio's is not such a place.
4	Less than a mile from our house, sometimes my wife and I like to have weekend date nights at DeBlasio's.Our first time there, about six years ago, we unknowingly sat next to Marc-Andre Fleury and his date. This was long before I knew who he was or even cared about hockey, and I think our waiter was amused by how star struck we weren't.It's a little dressier than a lot of places around here, where blue jeans and Steelers jerseys are a year-round affliction for the local bros ... and some women.Our most recent trip was Valentine's Day 2014, and we've spent other occasions there as well. New Year's Eve a few years ago with a group of about 10 friends stands out, for example. The food and service at DeBlasio's are both better than most of the Italian restaurants I've tried between NE Ohio and SW Pennsylvania. The decor makes me nostalgic for my grandparents house in Youngstown during the late 70s or early 80s, and the dining rooms are always kept clean, even on busy Friday and Saturday nights.Thing is, for occasions like Valentines Day and New Year's Eve, the menu is (understandably, but disappointingly) limited. This helps the kitchen and waitstaff keep turning tables over -- I get it -- but DeBlasio's regular menu features a much greater variety of excellent fare.Something I always try to order is the greens & beans with hot sausage appetizer. I can't really overstate how much I love it. I also recommend checking the board on the way in, because the daily features are often home to my favorites, like the Osso Bucco.I'd really like to go on a weeknight sometime soon, maybe try a few different glasses of wine. Maybe get a steak. Buon appetito!
2	Surprised this place got such good reviews.It just seemed like bland, lukewarm food and tasteless sauce to me. The ambience left alot to the imagination too. Server seemed to have too many tables to keep up with. I feel like Olive Garden has more flavor than the food I had here.
