4	Normal Starbuck's store.  The barista was efficient, the order was taken promptly, and the wifi for my iPhone was quite convenient after being in a back country area where there was no coverage.
4	Driving on Lake Mead Boulevard, I saw this Starbuck's, and decided to give it a try. It seems to be an enjoyable Starbucks to hang out in.   With an L-shape foot print, the cafe is commodius. It is clean. The Motown music coming out of the speakers was enjoyable.  The baristas seemed to be extraordinarily personable. I overheard them greet a handful of customers by name.
4	I really liked this Starbucks. I only went to study but they also have a drive-thru. Also, they had a couple of tables to study but I feel like they need more. Overall it was pretty cool though. I would definitely go again!
5	My weakness Carmel frap..I know like who writes a review of Starbucks everyone knows they are great just thought I would point out, they have excellent customer service. Very clean and friendly location for your coffee needs..
4	starbucks for me is definitely one of the best coffees in America. compared to other coffee, starbucks is a bit expensive but i think its well worth it. it will make ur taste buds feel like heaven!!!
5	I go to a lot of Starbucks all around Vegas...the service here is so welcoming and friendly I keep coming back!
1	Filthy dirty. Very slow workers. So glad I don't live by this one. There wasn't even a trash can outside, so people used the ground
4	I love this Starbucks. It is close to home so it is very convenient for me. The service is really fast & they usually make my drinks just the way I order them. Lakemead is a very busy and loud street so my only problem is sometimes I have to yell at the intercom in the drive through and I feel bad for the employees haha but either than that, this is a great location.
4	If you're simply looking for a place to rewind with steam forming a must around your eyes, this is the place to be. It's an average Starbucks, not superior nor inferior to the other Starbucks in Vegas but it's decent. I would recommend a grande hot chocolate with the warm buttered croissants that they serve. That is, of course, you aren't stuck in the sweltering heat of Vegas. If it is warmer, the original fizzios are a must try. The ginger ale/ sprite variety is great and the chocolate cake pops are to die for. You can always trust in Starbucks for quality.
