1	The chef of this dump must not work on Saturday's or is too lazy to make fresh food for his customers on the weekend. Why bother opening your doors on Saturday if all your gonna do is serve us food that was cooked earlier and is sitting in his heating lamp area all day drying out and just getting nasty?  There is a giant hot case and all your choices are in there sitting in various bowls (pork bowl, brisket bowl, etc) and then there were two giant bowls of old ass mac and cheese that had no taste whatsoever and was all crusted up and hard by the time it made into my to-go box. ($2.25 for tiny side dish)    Another annoying situation is the specials that they were advertising which was a sandwich, drink and side for $8.95, but that doesn't include his brisket. Uniformed woman at the counter, who looked more like she was the cleaning lady, claimed its because the brisket is more expensive. Well, after trying Brian Banasek's brisket, that meat should be lesser money than the others. I also got overcharged for one of those cans of Arizona Iced Tea that says 99 cents on the label. Are they charging me $1.50 for that drink because Banasek is a price gouger that likes jacking up prices and ripping off his customers? That's the only conclusion I could come too.     For some reason the counter woman put pork and brisket on my sandwich. If it wasn't for the color, both meats could resemble eachother. Stringy, dry brisket (some burnt ends) served with a horrible thick, molasses based? BBQ sauce that is loaded with sugar and just is horrendous. The mac and cheese was perhaps the worst ever, sporting some various colorful peppers in the dish and no cheese at all. That's what you get when you leave your food in a Giant toaster oven all day dude - it dries up and gets crusted over and your sitting at your house in your PJ's collecting money. Sorry, your BBQ sucks Banasek, and you should be ashamed of your performance on Saturday. The first telecommuting chef in Phoenix. Thanks.UPDATEok, now there is a little boy named Micheal Wengert harrassing me. The guy can't even put together a complete sentence in his emails. He claims to run things at Mesa location, but he is just a server. Plus anybody who was trained how to cook in Scottsdale like Banasek has no business cooking BBQ. When this location closes, I will personally be on hand toasting his surmise. He already failed at two restaurants, so what's one more Brian?
4	I've had two chicken sandwiches here, both chicken. The meat sits in a steam tray under foil, sitting under a heat lamp, and that seems weird to me. That said, I've have no complaints and at both my visits the meat was good. The inside is very small with three tables.They give you a dry sandwich on a bun, and you squirt which ever sauces you choose. I find the Hot BBQ sauce is a divine mix of hot, sweet and tangy.
4	place is small, new, and needs business. was working in the downtown area and found this place when i tried to go to a closed down quiznos....anyway saw only 2 reviews, i thought i'd try it out for myself. i like finding places that haven't been around for to long. and in need of more review. i tried the pulled pork sliders, they were only 2.50$ so i grabbed a couple. good sliders, the pork melts in your mouth, and was cooked perfectly. wasn't over flavorful so i doused it with some BBQ sauce, the hot bbq sauce was really yummy, not to spicy, just the right bite.the place does not have fountain drinks of any kind. so you have to buy a can or bottle of soda or water:( so i bought 2 waters... dude definitely needs a fountain drink machine and some iced tea. nobody wants to buy 2 or 3 drinks when they eat in.Main thing is that the food is good. maybe not amazing, but it was good. i will have to come back and try something else. ribs looked good, chicken was recommended. i don't like the fact that everything is being kept warm under heat lamps. but i will try it out again if i'm in the area. it's more like a catering kind of place, or take out place. everything is packed up to go wether your eating in or not. met the owner, he lives upstairs:) said he smokes all his meats fresh every morning when he wakes up. the place just needs some notice. maybe some more specials to get people in. theres a couple pics i posted while i was sitting in the corner. thats the owner in the pic. really nice guy!give this spot a chance and go try it, get some catered to your office peeps. i think you will enjoy it.
1	Got the pulled pork and beans. Neither the beans nor the pork had any sweetness, which is fine, but they didn't really have any other flavors either (they were very salty though). The pork seemed like it was probably made days ago and it was room temperature. After already being disgusted by what I just ate I found a hair in the beans. Long story short- it was terrible.
1	Posted a review about a month ago and looks like it has disappeared.  Anyway the pulled pork was terrible, it wasn't even warm. It definitely was not cooked that day or even the day before, it was sitting under a heat lamp. The beans were also not good at all, had no flavor except for salt. Found a hair at the bottom of the beans too. Long story short eating here was a big regret and led to some serious toilet time.
4	Had a great Saturday lunch experience with my wife on their outside patio. Delicious pulled meats and coleslaw. Wish I could give four and a half stars, as the only reason it's not 5 is because they are cash only.. Great service, awesome food, good location, appropriately pricedFour thumbs up.
