4	Pizza and wings, good pizza and wings.  Hand tossed crust with a rich and flavorful sauce.  Baked to a golden brown.  Some interesting signature pizza's like the snakebite.  Had a pepperoni and veggie.  Very good pizza with nice flavors. Wings were good, too!
5	Awesome food Herk's!  Had the family deal and it all was great. Love the crust!
4	My LORD! is the Dirty MAC a delicious hot mess of a pizza! It's 1000 Island Dressing, american cheese, ground meat, onions, lettuce, and pickle like Big Mac or Superburger. It doesn't sound oike it would be good but it is. Delivery was fast considering it came from Heidelberg. The fries with bacon, ranch, and cheese were really good also. Docking a point for the bland cinnamon sticks.
4	I tried this place based upon the recommendation of a friend. There is no shortage of pizza places in this general area so one has to actually do something different to stand out. I would say Herk's accomplishes this admirably. First, they have a nice selection of specialty pizzas I am working my way through. The Longhorn, which is my friend's favorite is quite good and the garlic parm crust is delicious. Other reviewers have mentioned the Dirty Mac and I, having tried it, also recommend you try this abomination. It truly does taste and smell like a Big Mac. My only real complaint about it is that I think it needs a lot more ground beef on it but , as it stands, it raises the interesting realization that, when you eat a Big Mac, you aren't really tasting the meat, but rather everything else such as bun, thousand island, pickles, american cheese, etc. Speaking of crust, this is another thing that sets them apart. The crust has a really nice chew to it and all their pizzas seem to come with some sort of seasoning (the Dirty Mac comes with a sesame seed crust). The chicken wings are also quite good and come in a larger variety of flavors than just buffalo and bbq (although the buffalo is good, even if hot buffalo isn't even remotely hot, as was my experience). All in all, give it a shot. I have a feeling this is the type of place that you will either really like or really hate. I fall solidly in the former category.
5	What a great pizza place! Yum Yum! I ordered delivery last Friday when I was looking for a non-meat option for lent. I'm very glad that I read the reviews and chose Herk's. We ordered the margherita pizza, side salad and side of haluski. Herk's has sides of haluski and mac n cheese for lent. Great option. The haluski was buttery and delicious. Just like the church ladies used to make it. The side salad was fairly standard for a pizza joint. Iceberg, tomatoes, olives, cheese. The pizza was exactly what I was looking for. Ooey, gooey cheese. Tomatoes. Spinach. And a crispy crust with garlic oil and parm cheese. The crust made the pizza. If you are looking for some great lent options, give Herk's a try. I can't wait to try the other unique options.
4	Have liked the pizza and wings...was hungry for an Italian hoagie.  Very good hoagie...not as good as my fav...but very good!  Very large hoagie! Very good price!
2	We were so looking forward to trying Herks, but unfortunately, had a not-so-great experience... we live a mile or two from the restaurant and thought delivery would be quick.  I ordered a pizza at 7pm and was told it would be an hour.  Considering it was a Friday evening, we were fine with that.  By 8:30, I called the restaurant and was told that our pizza was not there, so the driver must be on his way.  9:00pm, still no pizza... by this point, we were over it and just didn't want the driver to show up expecting to be paid, so I called again and was told they lost the order.  The guy on the phone apologized and offered to send a free pizza immediately, so I once again gave them our order.  9:30, the driver shows up and hands the pizza to us and apologized.  We weren't mad and totally understand that mistakes happen, but were pretty annoyed when we opened the box and saw they gave us a smaller pizza than we ordered.  Seriously?  Whatever, it was free... 2 hours late, but free (minus a tip for the driver).The pizza was ok, but again, not what we ordered and it took 2.5hrs to get it.Not sure if we'll give Herks another chance.
4	update - just ordered another pizza and it came quickly and was tasty. no complaints this time. glad we tried again!
5	Without a doubt the best pizza in the Pittsburgh area! No matter how many times you eat it, it is like the first time every time: savory and delicious!
5	VISITORS, YOUR SEARCH HAS ENDED! I was traveling down I-79 and needed gas.  Took the nearest exit and happened upon a BP station a mile or so off the freeway.   As I pumped...I saw the OPEN light at Herk's Pizza just up the road.  Hungry with a long 4 hour drive ahead with nothing but bad food options....I decided to try this "Local" Pizza joint as I'm apt to do.  I always order a simple Pepperoni pizza when trying out a new place because I think it best shows what the place is about.  First, the 2 folks working were friendly and took my order right away, and even offered up that I could get a Large for the same price as a small with a promotion they had.  Bonus points for not being greedy.  Got out to my car (no seating here)....started my engine and AC....and dug right in to the box.   QUITE SIMPLY THE BEST PIZZA I'VE HAD IN YEARS!!!  From the Classic Pepperoni (the small ones!) to thick layer of cheese, the sauce was spot on and not too heavy/sweet/light, and the garlic buttered and parmesan covered crust......AMAZING!  Will definitely be a part of every trip to Pittsburgh from now on!  YOU FOLKS ARE SO LUCKY!!  -Craig from Columbus,Ohio
1	I have ordered pizza from them 3 times - the first pizza I picked up and it was great!  The next two pizza's were delivered and the second pizza was awful - the crust looked like it was made from old dough and it was dry, hard and not raised it was digusting.  The third time I ordered a pepperoni and onion pizza for delivery - apparently the pizza was tilted to one side as half of the cheese and toppings slid off the pizza and was in the box so half of the pizza had a little cheese but no toppings, it was also so greasy it was dripping off my fingers and it was inedible  - never will I order from them again and I will repeat the story to everyone I know!
5	Amazing pizza. We order from Herk's all the time. Their specialty pizzas are great, like the dirty Mac it is amazing and tastes just like you're eating a Big Mac. The only complaint that I have, my order is never ready on time. I have to admit, it's always worth the wait, but just quote me an honest wait time!!
