5	Aaron and iCracked were awesome!  I met Aaron to drop off my iPad 2 with a cracked screen, he explained the entire process, how much it would cost, and what I could expect.  Aaron even dropped off my repaired iPad - which now is like new- at my house when complete.  I am telling all my friends about Aaron and iCracked!
5	Aaron and iCracked were awesome!  I met Aaron to drop off my iPad 2 with a cracked screen, he explained the entire process, how much it would cost, and what I could expect.  Aaron even dropped off my repaired iPad - which now is like new- at my house when complete.  I am telling all my friends about Aaron and iCracked!
5	I appreciated the service iCracked provided.  Aaron came to where I was (out and about running errands) and was able to repair my cracked iPhone screen, while I finished up my errands. The service was fast, helpful, and thorough.  He made sure everything worked properly before I paid for his services, which worked like new.  I saved his number in my phone and suggest you do the same!iCracked is the future of service for digital devices ... embrace it.
5	Aaron from Icracked is awesome he made my phone look like nothing ever happened to it! Check him out he is really good!
5	Aaron has repaired our numerous apple devices multiple times. He is always friendly, professional and thorough. I have recommended him to all my friends and family. We had a SEVERLY shattered Ipad screen AND 5C iphone and he was able to fix them PLUS he came to us!!We highly recommend Aaron and iCracked.
5	One of the worst horrors is breaking any part of your iPhone, especially if you heavily rely on it for work, ESPECIALLY if you are not prepared for the repercussions of said damage. I will call Aaron, iCracked professional, a life saver; he will just say he does what he can to make someone's day a little easier. I went on the dreadful search to find a repair shop or individual that could meet me on a Sunday (nearly impossible), and not cost me an arm and leg (when I didn't anticipate the financial inconvenience of my screen's shatter). The minute I did make contact with Aaron, he provided impeccable service that was: reliant, positive, and affordable. This is a guy who is good at his job, knows the value in providing good service, and makes the experience as enjoyable as it can be given the circumstances. I do expect to have issues with my iphone again in the future (I'm a huge clutz)! However, I can rest easy knowing I have a go-to individual in the valley who has flexibility in his schedule to fix what I thought was the impossible, without charging me a ridiculous fix price, plus tax. Big thanks to AARON!
5	Aaron did a great job fixing my ipad3! It was so convenient that he came to us. The price was very reasonable considering Apple was going to charge almost as much as a new Ipad to fix my shattered screen. Lets hope I don't have another shattered screen anytime soon, but if I do, I will use Aaron again
5	Amazing service!! Was very accommodating in change of location last minute!! Then immediately helped my roommate without an appointment even though we didn't know what the issue could be! Thank you so much, I highly recommend Aaron!!! :)
5	Aaron is the bomb. He was early to our appointment, prepared, helpful, and entertaining. It's nice to have someone explain to you how your phone works and the different pieces parts as he reassembles it. This is a cool business. I will absolutely recommend to my friends.
5	I dropped my new iPhone 6 and shattered my screen into a million pieces. Aaron came to my work and fixed my phone within a couple hours. He was very profession and friendly! Hopefully I won't need his services again but if I do break my phone I'll definitely be calling him!
