4	Very nice dog park with ample space for pups to run and play.  The area is divided into "small dog" and "large dog" areas.  It was really fun to have a chance for my little dog to run around and make friends!I would recommend coming during a cool part of the day and bringing a folding chair.  There is only one stationary bench in each area so if I had know I would have brought my own chair to sit in the shade.Open from 5:30 am to sunset.  No dog-watering facilites on site so bring your own water and bowls!  Mutt-Mitt dog waste dispensers in each area.
4	I'm not an "experienced" dog park person, but I've taken my new pooch here a couple of times. Its pretty big and all the pet owners are really nice and social. I think there needs to be more trash cans/plastic bags on all sides of the fenced parks because there is dog crap all around the perimeters. Also, a better drinking fountain would be nice and maybe some umbrellas for shade for us lazy dog owners that kinda sit on the benches :) however, my dog had alot of fun and didn't complain.
2	This dog park is for the locals only. No shade during the day. Busted sprinkler heads make huge mud pits so you can look forward to giving your dog a bath when you get home. If you want to see photos of this park and look for some much better parks in the area go to dogparkriot.com.
2	2 stars because many of the people and the dogs that I've met here have been awesome and super friendly.  However, I would give the actual dog park zero stars.  There is no shade whatsoever here, so the only times I can come are at dawn, dusk, or if it happens to be cloudy.  Otherwise my dog overheats!  Plus there are no lights here so I can't bring him after dark when it's cool.  It's not landscaped so it's basically just a big fenced off field.  There are 2 areas, one for small dogs, and one for large dogs, however people bring their large dogs into the small dog area.  Even if they're not aggressive, if they are a big dog I think they should be in the big dog area. My poor little dog gets scared with these giant dogs running around him.I'll probably continue to go here since I live so close, but definitely don't go out of your way to bring your dog here.
3	Great park. I just moved to the area from Old Town Scottsdale and was delighted when I was told about this park. People are super friendly and way more down to earth than those who frequent Chaparral Dog Park. I have a husky mix who loves this park and all the friends she makes whenever we come :-)PS: If you meet a nice older gentleman named Kirke who asks to photograph you and your dog, your picture will go here: http://thepacknews.webs.com/ to his super cute dog park website!!!
5	I love this place.  Lots of regulars and a place where "everybody knows your name"... and the name of your dog.  Both dogs and humas are very friendly and look out for one another. It can get busy at times but more fun for the dogs, right?
4	I really liked this park, I originally took my dogs here because I was bored and needed to get some stuff done around my house, and two tired dogs makes that process go by A LOT quicker. I figured I would take them every once and a while and let them burn some energy, but they had so much fun, we try and take them as much as they can.All I have to do is look at them and ask, "Dog park?" and they start barking at jumping at the door. I also figured that all dog parks would be the same but we tried to take them to another park and it was less than half the size, and twice as packed.The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it is kinda tucked away in a kinda shady neighborhood which wouldn't have bothered me until my wife saw a trashy guy walking around with a tall beer can and swearing a lot. I mean there are usually kids around when I go.
4	This is a great dog park. There are two sides, a big dog side and a little dog side. There is a little bit of seating but you can bring a chair if you want. There is water for the dogs and pooper scoopers as well. Everyone that visits for the most part is pretty nice except for the occasional crazy lady who tries to discipline other people's dogs. The only thing that would make this dog park better would be if it had lights so you could come at night and if it had more shady areas for the hot summers!
4	I'm giving Grover's Basin a 4 overall, though it is a 5 in terms of people and dogs. I've made some great friends here, and WAAAAY prefer it over Chaparral Dog Park in Scottsdale.Even though there are more downsides, the quality of the upsides kind of cancel out the downsides.UPSIDE:great people, lots of regulars.great dogs.Faaar fewer arseh-le incidents (I'm talking people not dogs) than Chaparral Park. I gave up on Chaparral. Not worth the hassle.website for people who frequent Grovers Basin: http://thepacknews.webs.com/(upload your photos, read news, some classifieds, etc.)DOWNSIDE:no restrooms or people fountains.Sometimes not enough parking. This is occasional, not usually a problem.Little shade in the winter, adequate the rest of the year.No sidewalk leading down to the small dog area. (Treacherous traversing the hill if you don't want to walk around.)Strange city workers who complain about inconsequential things like "flies coming out of trash cans" while refusing to address far more important issues like why the h there are no trash cans on the west side of the small dog area, which is where many of the dogs do their dirtier business (southwest corner of small dog area).  Like I said, strange.Keep your dog on leash people! The animal control truck sits up there in the parking lot occasionally, waiting to pop someone(s) with a ticket who has let their dog(s) off leash.
3	Its a nice doggy park.Al;ways dogs to play with my shepard.  She is 6 months old and loves going there.  The two sides are nice to have, but people seem to go to both sides regardless of dog size.Only complaint is that there is no lights!!!  Gets dark and I have to take the doggie home..  boooo...
1	It really hurts my heart to give this dog park one star. When the weather is cool I spend a lot of time here. But both of my dogs got bordetella last time I was there. My dogs are my children and anything thy gets them sick deserves one star. It's unfortunate because it's not really the park, it's more the people that go to this park. Time and time again I see puppies way to young to be at a dog park. I have also seen dogs that do not look healthy or properly cared for here. So I'm over it! I will drive a little bit to go to a nicer dog park that has people that take care of their pets.
3	11/18/2012 - Also known as Echo Mountain Off Leash Arena, the dog park is down in a water retention basin as the name implies. It's accessed via a parking lot on East Grovers Ave., west of Cave Creek Road. There is a fenced grass section for small dogs and another fenced grass section for larger dogs. These areas are accessed via double gates which prevent dogs from escaping.Water is available from a faucet in each area and people have donated pails/bowls from which the animals can drink.  Bring your own bowl if you dislike the communal drinking. There are several waste bag stations attached to the fences containing plastic bags provided by people that use the park (grocery bags, bread bags, etc.). There are 3 or 4 benches for sitting in each area and people have stocked the park with their own plastic patio chairs.  Patrons have also left tennis balls and other toys with which the dogs can play. There is little shade as the trees that have been planted by the city are small and will need several years of growth before providing a larger shaded area in which to sit.  As of this date, there are no artificial shade structures.  Some shade material has been placed on the fences that may provide shade in the late afternoon if you sit next to the fence.  There are no lights that would allow after dark activities.As you might expect, cleanliness is spotty as some people clean up after their animals and some don't. Although, I have seen people patrol the park with pooper scoopers cleaning up waste during their visits. The city has provided several waste bins.Plenty of room to let the dogs run. I just wish there was more shade for the warmer months.  There is a group of interested patrons that seem to have adopted the dog park.  They keep connected via the website http://thepacknews.webs.com/.
1	I am never going to this dog park again. I went about 5 times before calling it quits. The regulars there all sit in their circle and aren't very welcoming. People don't pay attention to their animals hardly at all. The last time I was there, large dogs we're fighting, and I watched one owner stand around and do NOTHING. People bring their huge dogs that bully all the others, and the owners do nothing to prevent it. I would not recommend going here. Just take your dog to another park.
4	So much for bringing my dog here...all he does is sniff the grounds ah! Otherwise it is a nice park and a good alternative to the massive Chapparal grounds. For the most part Grovers Basin Dog Park is clean and well maintained and the people are friendly. No complaints.
2	I used to frequent this park but stopped going for a number of reasons. Pros:People are relatively friendly, as are most of the dogs. There are chairs, toys, clean up bags, and water bowls provided. There are two areas, one dedicated to large dogs, the other to small dogs. There is ample space for running and exercise. Cons:On most occasions that I've gone, people bring their large dogs into the small dog area, regardless of requests by several people to move to the large dog area. It's not about whether the large dog is aggressive. Rather, many small dogs are skittish around large dogs, or the large dogs play too rough, or one wrong step or fall could result in a major injury. It's just a recipe for disaster. Bring your dog into the appropriate area. Also, my small dogs were attacked by a man's two pit bulls in the small dog area. Other people were leaving when I arrived due to these dogs and that should have been my first clue. Unfortunately no action could be taken as no one patrols and the individual left when I called the police. My biggest complaint are the people who bring their dogs to the wrong area, then ignore requests by others to move. Please be courteous and abide by the rules without taking requests personally.
4	I felt bad about not taking my dog to the dog park as much as I used to but since moving to North Phoenix there's just not a lot of selection.  The one that's closest to me is muddy and gross and the really nice one in Scottsdale is a pretty far drive which is no fun with a dog who wants to run around.  Luckily my best friend mentioned this one which is only about 5-10 minutes from me.  We decided to check it out with our fur babies and see if it was any good.It's easy to drive past when you're coming up Cave Creek to find it but once you know where it is you won't miss it again.  There is a pretty good amount of parking so I don't see that being an issue.  The area for the dogs is pretty good sized, is all grass so not muddy and there is a doggy drinking fountain and quite a few chairs scattered around.  I noticed that even the area for the small dogs was large so they didn't skimp for the little ones like some dog parks do.Needless to say my dog had fun, got a bunch of exercise and made some new friends.  Plus there were no dirty footprints left in my car when we went to leave.  I'm very happy I found a good dog park near me so I won't feel like such a bad mommy anymore!
4	This was mine and my puppy's first time at any dog park.  We chose Grovers Basin because it was the closest to me and I had read a few good things about the park.  As I pulled into the small parking lot I could see two very distinct areas.  One for large dogs and the other for small dogs.  I have a 6 month old puppy so naturally I took her to the small dog area.  The other dogs were friendly and very playful, most chasing after tennis balls and each other.  I saw two separate warble garbles between a couple of dogs but nothing serious.  The dogs owners were nice and friendly but they mostly stayed in their group which is fine.  Overall it was a nice time out with my puppy and socializing her as well as getting her some exercise.  A few things to note: they have a drinking fountain with a giant bowl for the dogs which is nice, doggie potty bags and a trash can, and when I entered I noticed a ton of tennis balls just laying around.  I do not know if the tennis balls came with the dogs or if they are just standard park equipment, I have never been to a dog park before until today.  The one thing I would recommend to the parks and recreation department is to install restrooms near the dog park as there are none.
4	I like this dog park and so does my dog. If she's happy, I'm happy. She loves to run so the large space is quite convenient.My dog is between large and small so I take her on both sides. I don't think it should be separated based on size. I think it should be separated by active and passive dogs.
3	Went to this park for the first time today with our MinPin/Chihuaua  and little pure bred Chihuaua. It was dry and dusty, but that's just the weather. There was a lot of stay dog poop laying around from owners not picking it up. Most of the dog owners were not very attentive to their dogs or their children stacking chairs to jump over the fence between the areas even though the gates were right there. But my biggest annoyance were the pet owners with large dogs allowing them to run around the small dog area. More than once a large Doberman ran over a few small ones causing yelping and little fights. There really is no excuse seeing as the areas are clearly marked. All in all though we had a good time. We stayed in the back corner near a bench and a tiny tree. We met up with some friends their to let our dogs play while we had a light picnic lunch, and enjoyed ourselves. Next time though I think we will try Chaparall. I hear great things about it. Also be forewarned, I didn't see any bathrooms available. So if you have kiddos you are brining with have an escape plan. :)
1	Wow apparently these people are illiterate or self entitled or both! "Small dogs" sign clearly means St. Bernards and pit bulls don't belong inside. My small terrier gets really intimidated around big dogs and starts barking at them. So we left after 5 min. A bad accident is waiting to happen any minute here. Today half of about 40 dogs were too large to be inside. If you love your dog don't take him here.
3	It's nice to know this isn't far away if I want to go, that being said I found the same issues that everyone else seems to mention. Clearly marked are areas for Small dogs and Large dogs. Unless there is an invisible fence that I don't know about, it was clear to me that ALL dogs seemed to be in the small dog park. I am not sure why this concept is so hard to understand, and I don't see how anyone CANT SEE the sign. It is clearly marked. My little Chi was a bit nervous as other dog owners let their large dogs run around and "visit" with my little one who remained on my lap.Please everyone,  be cognizant of the rules, because you are very lucky to have a dog park at all.
