3	This was our first time there, just happened to drive by and saw it and me being from Chicago we had to try it!We met the owner Mike who was very nice and gave us his background from Chicago he used to own 2 pizza places in Des Plaines.  He makes his own Giardiniera and Italian beef.  We had the Chicago fries which had Itallian beef and hot peppers with lots of cheese on top of fresh cut fries.  The fries were good came out hot the beef and cheese were awesome however, I thought the peppers could've been a little spicier!  We also ordered a small double dough pizza with sauIsage, pepperoni, and bacon.  It came out piping hot had tons of melty cheese and a lot of toppings.  The pizza was good our only thought is the sauce could have a little more seasoning to it but overall we thoroughly enjoyed it.  For a small pizza I thought it was good size as we brought some home!  They have only been open for 7 weeks and are still adding to the menu they will be adding Chicago hot dogs soon!  I would definitely go back if I'm in the area.
1	First time here. Went with wife and kids. Ordered chicago fries, onion rings, western pizza and taco pizza. Got 7 onion rings, dry micowaved fries and waited 1 hour and 20 minutes for pizza. The western did not have any beef or bacon and very little onion and peppers. The taco pizza had cold sause on the top. I would not go back or refer this place to anyone unless you want expensive cheese pizzas.
2	My order was for delivery. I am not expecting a fresh burger and fries when you order for delivery, but I still expect the taste to be great. I ordered the Bull's burger with a side of Garlic Bites with pizza sauce. We just moved in to town and don't have a key code for the gate since we didn't have a local number, I told the guy on the phone I would meet the driver at the gate/club house. I wait out there for over a half an hour, (they just said they would be there within the hour) in the cold, only for my husband, with the flu to call and say they got in and the food was at our place. First strike. I understand people can get in through the gate, but if I tell you I will meet you at the club house, then don't drive to our apartment. The barbecue sauce on the burger was so gross. It was covered in nacho cheese sauce, not cheddar cheese, thus making the burger really soggy. The garlic bites are really nothing special, just gross breading with a teeny bit of cheese sprinkled on them. I am just not impressed, but like I said earlier, since it was a burger getting delivered, I will give them at least two stars. I am still super hungry.
4	I had never been inside the Inn Zone, but stopped in for a late breakfast.  I was totally surprised to find the Italian Restaurant.  They had a sign for stuffed shells, so I switched from breakfast to shells immediately.  They tasted great, and the sauce tasted great.  I just was surprised that there were only three shells.  I expected more.  I will be back.
5	The food was Amazing !!! Love the fact they are open late ... Italian beef , Big combo beef and sausage, meatball, pizza ... Just to name a few favorites .. And if you are from Chicago and just like talking about it ... Talk to the owner Mike or Carol... And a great place to watch the Bears play .. Help support a independent joint and come check it out
2	Sooo  I have had food here several times. this place usually has pretty good  authentic-ish cheesy chicago-ish food. The problem that I usually run into is that they either dont have the right ingredients for whatever I want, or they are closing early, so they simply wont make me food(just close shop, it was 10:00 and you didnt close til 11:00 but for some reason you couldnt make anything)....anyways its kinda good, but only if you can get in here one of the times that the proprietor is here, otherwise avoid this place.
1	I will NEVER eat here again. I work across the street at the hospital. Ordered a calzone. Tipped the delivery guy. Took about 2 bites of the calzone before I found what could only be either PUBIC or ARMPIT hair. I called to explain this and was called FUCKING ridiculous and was told I could not speak with the manager. He also said mozzarella cheese looks alot like pubic hair...ummm, what?!! What a piece of shit that guy was. Gross...
