3	This place has a real New York feel to it, complete with the Italian guy behind the counter.  They have a small dining area inside and some tables outside so patrons can enjoy the summer breeze.  The pizza is NY style as well, thin crust with plenty of cheese.  The slices HUGE too, I almost couldn't finish it all.  I regret that after I did eventually finish the slice I didn't have any room left for the dessert pizza.  They had apple and cherry and they looked really good, I'll have to go back for that another time.  They also offer gelato and Italian ices which are a welcome relief in the Carolina heat.
4	I called in a pick-up order for a large thin pepperoni. I was very satisfied. Due to the huge slices, the pizza barely fit into the box. I think it ran me about $15 total. If you like 'NY' style thin crust give it a shot.
1	My twins like this place, so my wife got a Restaurant.com coupon for it last night, and told me to pick up dinner. I was skeptical. I didn't like the pizza they brought home from there last time, and remembered my daughter saying the guy screwed up her order, as well.My daughter is vegetarian, so she had to order a pie without meat. Because she's lactose intolerant, it had to be cheese-free as well. She ordered a Grandma's Pie with no cheese, just black olives, mushrooms, red onions, and tomato-based sauce. The rest of us ordered a Grandma's Pie with cheese, mushrooms, black olives on half, broccoli on half, and bell peppers on the half with the broccoli."It'll be ready for pickup at 7:15. Bring cash; we don't take credit cards for pick-up orders."Okay... So we got there at 7:13. "It'll be another 8 minutes or so..." Okay...So, we people watch for 27 minutes. Finally, it's ready. "That'll be $27.36, sir." I counted out the exact change and handed it over. "Sir, it's $37.36.""Uhh... I had a coupon, there..." "Yeah, but the total before the coupon was 47.36.""Whatever... Here." I paid, and dropped a few bucks in the beggar's (tip) cup by the register anyway.They didn't provide a receipt. I guess you have to ask...Well, we got home with the pizza:They had left the mushrooms off my daughter's pie. They also used white onions instead of red onions. The crust on that pie was *almost* done.They mixed up the order of ingredients on the other pie, putting peppers on the half with the olives instead of the half with the broccoli. Of course, this is a big deal when you have folks who don't like olives and other folks who don't like broccoli and bell peppers.The cheese tasted like some sort of plastic. The crust was mostly still raw. I had to eat my slices with a fork, it was so limp and gooey. The broccoli tasted limp and freezer burned.There were few discernible seasonings on either pizza.All in all, we should have gone to Amalfi's or even Papa John's. It's sad, because this place has potential. It smelled good. The menu had some awesome selections on it. They sell Boar's Head meats and cheeses on their sandwiches. But this meal fell really short of the mark.
5	Love this place, and hate that I only found out about it a couple of months before I moved away.Decor not really important, as this is primarily take out, but if you want to sit down there are a few tables (some outside) and no table service, and it was clean.  Service was good, friendly, and fairly quick.1st time, went for lunch.  Typical lunch special for this kind of place, two slices and a drink for ( I think) $5.  NY style, done well.  Simple but very tasty.2nd time, ordered take out.  Ready on time.  Got their margherita pizza, and it was fantastic.  This one actually seemed a little less NY style, with a thicker crust and heavier on the sauce than typical NY style pizzas are, but I like this when it comes to Margheritas, as the goodness comes from the crushed San Marzanos as much as anything.  Prices for whole pies are middle of the road, especially considering the great quality.This place is very vegetarian friendly, with 7 of their specialty pies being veg-friendly, plus calzones/strombolis, several veg sandwiches, a bunch of veg salads,  and the typical selection of baked pastas.Highly recommended for people living in the university area.
