2	Good quality work, but you can tell that the location affects the prices they charge.  Over $80.00 for adjusting the length on three pairs of pants?  No thank you.
4	Have had alterations and repairs done here a number of times.  Always good quality and they've made some repairs that I thought couldn't be done.  Occasionally have used the weird thread color so that's the only knock.  Prices seem reasonable to me.
3	I don't want to be too negative, because this is the only experience I've had with a Madison tailor and from the other reviews I've seen, there aren't any great alternatives.  That said, my experience with Mary's was just okay.  I moved here from NYC where my local midtown tailor was much  friendlier, cheaper and faster.  Mary's charged me 19 to replace a zipper in a pair of jeans (it was a side zipper, on the seam, with no fly, hence a very easy job).  It took a little over a week to do the replacement.  I was scheduled to pick up the pants on a Friday.  I was planning to be in the neighborhood late Thursday afternoon, and so I called (18 hours before my scheduled pickup) just to check to see if they were ready.   The woman I spoke with told me "if they are scheduled to be done tomorrow, you must pick them up tomorrow."  No "let me check" or "I'm sorry but we haven't gotten to them yet."  They did a decent job with the zipper but for nearly 20 bucks I would have at least liked a more pleasant experience (could they manage a smile or a thank you?).  I am commited to supporting local businesses but Mary's doesn't inspire a lot of loyalty.  For a simple fix, next time I'll just do the work myself.  For bigger jobs, I guess Mary's will do.
5	Mary's is the best for alterations in Madison.  The young woman who works there is super friendly and a talented seamstress.  They are consitently quick with their alterations and friendly.  When I am in Madison I will only come here for my alterations.  Price is average for their alterations.  I remember giving them the difficult task of making a "bell bottom" jean into a skinny leg jean.  The alteration looks flawless, you can't tell it was once a retro jean, and the cost was $20.Support local businesses!  We need Mary's in Madison for a long time.
2	Even though Mary's would be the most convenient for my family and me, we refuse to patronize them after repeated rude interactions with them. We are really easygoing, so it was a rare and difficult choice for us, but we could no longer tolerate the attitude we got every time we set foot in the door.Among other interactions, I had a beloved--but worn-- shirt that needed repaired, and they scoffed at its lack quality and questioned whether I should even keep it. They seem busy, overworked to the point where they don't care about their customer service.
1	I can't comment on the quality of the work here, but I stopped by today to ask how much it could cost to have a winter coat relined. The answer--$120--had me turning around and walking right out the door...
