4	This is the closest location to my house and every time I walk in they are always smiling and very friendly. I don't ever carry my card and I haven't memorized my account number, but it doesn't matter. They are always happy to help!
5	I come here at least once a week & the staff is always friendly. Cory is one of the nicest tellers I have ever come across. Very happy with this bank & lucky its only a minute away :)
2	This review is solely based on the ATM.  I have now twice attempted to deposit money into the atm and both times the machine stated it could not currently accept deposits.  Luckily there is a Chase atm in Albertsons across the street.
1	In December 2013, I had an overseas wire transfer that went to the wrong account number inside Chase Bank. It was not my account number. However, I was the named beneficiary of the wire transfer. Chase did not reverse the wire transfer despite the account + beneficiary mismatch. Chase waited to reach out to the wrong beneficiary. The wrong beneficiary spent all of the money to payoff her debts despite knowing they were not hers. Chase was able to recover some of the money. The wrong beneficiary no longer has the money to return the remaining $4135.00.Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) on banks funds transfer states that if there is an account number AND named beneficiary mismatch that Chase should not have allowed the wire transfer to occur. It did. The fault lies on Chase.I have voice recordings of Chase daring me to pursue legal action. I have pursued mediation, Chase declined--I have letter of proof from the Neighborhood Justice Center (NJC) of this. According to my contact there, Chase scoffed at her when she invited them for mediation. Nonetheless, she was shocked.PLEASE SPREAD THIS STORY!!!
2	Very poor customer service. I came in to cash a check and they gave me some made up story why they couldn't cash it.I never have a problem why today? ? So I'm going to take this business else where!
2	I'm with Lady L in terms of the poor customer service part. But it's hard to expect customer service from a bank, a place that u go to just to cash out money.Couple days back, I deposited a check that was written to BofA bank, it was then told me to I'd only get 200$ - it's weird because I've deposited this check multiple times before and no one has ever told me until couple days ago.Lastly, one of the tellers Ileana I think is her name, she does her job but every time I walk out after interacting with her, it brings my day down. Not the rudest or nicest, but definitely isn't the warmest.Maybe I'll just go to Windmill now.
