5	Visited this afternoon to try out the sushi menu. I wanted to try Tempura Rolls on sale along with California Rolls with Cream Cheese. Chef did not have Cream Cheese,  so I went to the grocery store and bought some to place on my California Rolls. Taste was good, sushi was wrapped tight and the price was about $12-$20 cheaper than other places in town making for a good value.
4	This is the new occupant of the space formerly occupied by Ray's something or other blah blah ramen. I never made it out to that place, but it must not have been that good if it closed shop.My first visit was a few nights ago. I went with the beef sukiyaki plate for $7.49 ($5.99 bowl cost). The clerk claimed that their plates have a higher portion size than the bowls, but I'm not buying it after seeing my friend's beef sukiyaki bowl. The beef was pretty good, and so was the noodle... but since it comes mixed with noodles and then a whole bunch of rice, I really felt meat-deprived. I did like the green salad with dressing and the extra-peppery macaroni salad, but I'm not sure that the combination is worth the extra $1.50 for me.I came back today for a chicken teriyaki bowl ($5.49). There is absolutely a ton of chicken. I liked that part of it. What I didn't like was how the flavor seemed to disappear toward the latter half, as if there wasn't enough teriyaki sauce, or enough of a strong sauce to last. And it's more or less one note of flavor, as opposed to my favorite lunch spot in this area.There were a couple other tables at times during the dinner, but it was pretty quiet during what would be the peak of dinner at more established places. And I was the only one there at my after peak-lunch stop.Haven't tried the sushi yet, so let's say this is only a review of half of the restaurant. There's some candy on the front counter that I haven't tried, and also a bento box and a "specials" board, so browse those if you try out Ninja.I'll give it a generous rounding up of 3.5 stars. It's a good lunch spot if you're in the area, nothing more.
5	This place has the most authentic gyuudon (sukiyaki beef and rice) in Las Vegas.  It tastes more like Yoshinoya beef bowl in Japan than the real Yoshinoya thats close to UNLV.   The chicken tastes very good too.  The people are very nice and polite. They run a clean business. It's well worth the trek from UNLV.
1	I ordered a chicken bowl spam roll and a California roll ... The chicken bowl was horrible the meat was not quality I instantly bit into grisel and the teriyaki sauce wasn't even good it tasted like peanuts.... I took two bites and threw it away .... Than the spam roll was not impressive and and should probably have teryaki sauce in it... I ordered to go so idk if it's like this when u eat there but I've never ordered sushi from a resturaunt that gave the wasabi and ginger in pre packaged packets .... The California roll was ok .... But in general the sushi was albertsons quality .... I will probably never eat here again unless I'm dying for a California roll and all I have is 3$ but not likely
5	We had read a review in the Review Journal and it was The Neighborhood Pick ofthe Week.We live very close by and we are Seniors and were thrilled that there is aneighborhood restaurant so convenient to our home.We were so impressed with the lunch special which consisted of a California Roll and 4 slices of Sushi with Salmon, Shrimp, Tuna and white fish.The value was so exceptional for the excellent sushi.We returned on Monday at dinner time and they were nice enough to give us the same lunch special at dinner time.We want to try the Bento Box also very reasonable with a variety of Japanese Food.The owner Masa has outstanding background, having cooked at some of thebest Japanese restaurants in Las Vegas, Including Nobu at Caesar's Palace.Masa and his partner are so friendly and we had a good conversation with themsitting at the Sushi Bar.  Besides sushi they have a great Japanese menu,.We expect to return to Ninja very often.  The restaurant has several tables, besides the sushi bar, is exceptionally clean.
4	The lunch special is a good deal~ California roll and four pieces of nigiri sushi. The shrimp tempura roll is also tasty.
4	Had the sushi lunch. Good price and quality was good. Nice friendly employee at the counter took my order. It was empty so I hope more customers come to help keep it open. Not many good restaurants in this part of town.
5	Awesome place to come to for lunch or take it with you like I do since it's far from my work. Not only are the people friendly specially the girl at the front counter who can explain the dishes if need to, the food is really great and fresh. I have tried the Teriyaki chicken lunch bento which is my favorite and it looks exactly like the picture no joke!. I have also tried their beef udon soup which if you take it with you they separate the soup from the noodles so when you eat it it's not soggy,  I have tried their beef sukiyaki bowl which is also really good and the beef is fresh and yummy. Of course I also need a drink and if you like to try new things I would recommend the Sanpellegrino blood orange juice or the Japanese melon cream soda it's worth trying. I also like the small desserts they have which is fruit in jello, I got the peach one. Over all it's worth going there.
5	First time I tried the chicken teriyaki bowl. It was extremely fresh. The chicken was cooked perfectly it was very moist and juicy. The sauce was good too but next time I think I'm going to try the spicy chicken. The portion size was great.  It was a very generous serving.Today I got the bento box and a side of spicy tuna for my boyfriend for lunch. He seemed surprised when I showed up with sushi take out! He really liked the spicy tuna. The bento box is awesome.  It's full of a variety of things. The quality here is A+I should of took some photos. The presentation in these togo boxes...wow! And can you say affordable.  Can't wait to go here with my boyfriend.  He's a sushi lover and I'm not. We never go out to sushi because I don't like it.  This place though. What a concept. The owner/chef really have something here. The owner/chef even said he could make me any type of roll I want that doesn't have fish. This place is so laid back. It's very clean inside too. Super casual. I felt very comfortable there. The other staff are very friendly. I have nothing bad to say about this place other then the location. For me it's not a bad location because I go to the family dollar next door and I noticed it was there. I hope people don't miss this gem driving by.
4	Simple menu and cheap prices. For the price you are paying... you can't expect too much.  Nice employees and clean environment. I would come back.
5	Addicted to the place had to go back to get my lunch for the week but this time I order for pick up and let me say they are fast , they had it done in 10 minutes so by the time I got there it was ready and waiting for me.
4	Had wanted to try this place for awhile and finally made it and glad I did.  Very clean and well lit. service was fast and pleasant.Ordered chicken teriyaki bowl with brown rice and spicy tuna roll to go. chicken was fresh and cooked perfectly. Needed more sauce and that was the reason for 4 stars. Tuna roll was PERFECT and one of the best I have had anywhere including expensive sushi bars.As another reviewer said, I sure hope people discover this place.  We were the only ones there on a Sun at 6pm.
5	I finally stopped in to try this place. All I can say is WOW! Quick service.  Great price! Can't wait to go back.
5	Good price, real japanese chef who knows taste and presentation are first.  I think the cheapest place even with the high quality around the area.  This is how udon is supposed to taste.  Don't settle for korean and chinese versions cooked by mexicans in the back.
5	Authentic food and can't beat the price. My new go-to Japanese restaurant! Excited to go back!
4	This is the reason I love Groupon. It takes me to places that I would normally never go to, or give a reason to go to. Ninja Teriyaki completely surprised me, you can even say in a pleasant way.So, this spot is located over on the east side near the Donut Hut, and around that area. Walking in, this place reminded me of hole in the wall joints that I am particularly fond of. After ordering, I sat down at the bar and awaited my order.First, the chef was kind enough to give me a glass of water to sip on. I really appreciated that. Shortly after, my food had arrived. I ordered a side of Hijiki, which came first. It was a marinated black seaweed dish that had other vegetables tossed inside of it. I liked it, it had a real clean taste, and the seaweed was fresh. I enjoyed the simplicity of it.Then the bento came up. The California roll was good. The crab was fresh and the rice was cooked correctly, so I appreciated that. The chicken teriyaki wasn't too sweet, and the chicken was tender and not overcooked. The mac salad wasn't overdressed and the macaroni was cooked to al dente. And finally, the tempura'd items, the mash potato and shrimp, were also very enjoyable as well.On my next visit, I ordered the chicken katsu combo and the veggie egg rolls. Let me go on record by saying this, Ninja might have some of the best veggie egg rolls in town. The filling was amazing. As for the chicken katsu, the chicken was moist and tender, and the crust wasn't too thick, but was still crispy. Once again, the rice was cooked perfectly, and the side salad was a nice touch.I wanted to give it 5 stars, especially due to the great value for the quality of food, but I don't like how some business' handle Groupon. I mean, if I have 10 dollars worth of Groupon bucks, and my total comes up to 9.99 before tax, like... just let it go. I think that this will be a big reason why I won't come back here. Even though the food was great.. I just don't fly like that.
5	Teriyaki bowl is a must. California rolls are really nice! Much cheaper than Irvine... Goodbye. Las Vegas!
5	We tried this place for a late lunch with a Living Social deal and LOVED it!  The staff are friendly, the place is clean, the food portions are great and the food is really fresh!  My husband had the fried rice bowl and it was done perfectly.  The bowl was huge but he managed to finish it ;)  I had the sushi lunch which is a CA roll with 4 pieces of sushi.  So fresh.  The only thing I was surprised about was the sushi did not have any wasabi smeared on it between the rice and fish, but I'm not complaining.   Even without the deal, the prices are good.  I want to try the Udon soup next.  I love having little family places in the neighborhood.  And they have these great Japanese golf magazines too.
5	Tried their Udon special last week and it was WONDERFUL.  Order of hot and tasty udon noodles plus a tuna roll.  Asked them to sub a spicy tuna roll and it was no problem.  This place is super clean and the staff is fantastic.  U need to try this place.
