3	OOOH!! Kate Spade outlet!? Wow!Unfortunately when I stepped in, they didn't have much at outlet prices... The ones at cheap cheap prices were the funky spotted bags and the stripey ones. Oh well... it was worth a shot....
3	There are so many Kate Spade stores in Vegas. This is the 2nd Kate Spade outlet and luckily they had a better selection than the one at Primm. But the nicer designs were mostly picked clean while the gross, yucky designs were all abundant filling all the shelves.I debated upon getting a bag I saw, but they were down to 2 colors -- lime green and red and honestly, not what I wanted, but the price was so appealing I stood there a long time trying to decide if I should buy one. In the end, my practicality won over and even though it was really cheap, I didn't get a bag just for the sake of getting a bag. I'm proud of myself.The staff are pretty good here, weren't pushy at all.
4	Love the deals i get here; i've bought at least 4 bags here, for friends and family
5	I'm a huge fan of Kate Spade and love their bags, shoes and accessories. Having an outlet here makes it rather simple for me to get my quarterly Kate Spade fix without blowing the bank. The Kate Spade store runs specials all the time : 30% off the entire store, 50% off, other more complicated deals : when you come here, you know that you are getting the best deal and service.I was here last night and was helped by Azar, my favorite Kate Spader who seems to have been with this store for the last couple of years. I was looking for something for my mom. I wanted to get her a bag and wallet but was working on a  budget. My mom generally likes loud and flashy accessories primarily in the color gold. My rule of thumb when shopping for her: if I don't like it, she would love it. So I gravitated towards the goldest bag in the store. Ugh....the price was out of my budget....Azar to my rescue...she helped me work with the promotion: "30% off the bag and a further 20% off if I bought a full-priced wallet." After lots of looking around and calculating, I was able to come out with purchasing two very gold items for much less than I thought they would cost. And, these 2 items were from the Kate Spade boutiques (not made for the outlet items).I checked online at Nordstroms, Amazon etc and the price on the items I purchased on these sites are not even CLOSE to what I paid for them.As usual, very happy with my purchases here. Also, it's really nice that they recognize locals and call us with updates on sales or information about items that we've kept tabs on.
3	I was excited to check out this store because of my sister who liked KATE SPADE.  Didn't buy any though.
3	One of my girlfriends is a huge Kate Spade fan - that's how I discovered her.  This outlet did not have as good pricing as they do on the east coast  and in fact, was selling stuff for more than katespade.com (the selection varied a bit).  It was a bit disappointing.More over, the style I was interested in, wasn't there - but that's the chance you take at the outlet.  Still fun to check out and 40% off the lowest ticketed price is nothing to scoff at.
4	Gorgeous store, beautiful stuff but high prices.  Almost bought a purse but chickened out.  I went in looking for an iPad case but didn't like the options.  Prices are less than Nordstrom so you can get a decent deal on some stuff.
3	Crowded store, with plenty of goods. Didn't find outlet pricing particularly compelling, esp. given Kate Spade is a frequent Gilt feature. Staff was so-so.
1	Rude staff. Couldn't shop comfortably without being followed around.
4	To be honest, the prices at the Kate Spade outlet weren't much different from those featured during their flash sales on Gilt or on the website's "Sale" section. Nevertheless, I'm still a fan! Nothing beats the convenience of inspecting goods first hand and carrying them out of the store yourself! The items here were still in-season, not terribly old. Most of them were barely making it to the "Sale" sections online and in-store. The prints and styles offered were cute and hip, although I admit did have to turn away from a few as they were a little loud and unnecessarily ostentatious. I appreciate a statement piece, but some were just ..out there. Anyway, those items may work for others, but definitely not for me! Other than those few stragglers, the outlet had a good selection - purses, wallets, jewelry, and some clothing - just a little something for everyone. Ultimately, I came home with the St. Elmo Stripe - Small Natalie Cosmetic Case and the Henrietta - Small Cosmetic Clutch, both for under $100 - a steal!An outlet just opened up in Livermore (much closer to home), so I'll be frequenting that location from now on. Thanks for the deals!
5	I walked out with two purses for around 200 bucks. Staff was fine I think they just get really busy and crowded.
3	The store is really small and it's crowded so it can feel a little claustrophobic. Although some things aren't marked down very much there are definitely some great finds if you're willing to dig around. My friends got passport covers for $20 and super cute red clutches for $70, marked down from around $200. As my girlfriend said, "they're practically giving it away." Definitely worth the stop but I wish it was a little bigger and more organized.
4	You can get some great deals here, especially when the outlet has special sales going on (often with an additional 20% - 40% off). The prices are good and the selection is surprisingly good! Cute bags and accessories in all their preppy glory! I've always found the employees to be friendly and helpful. I've graduated from carrying Kate Spade bags but I do love the shoes and small accessories (passport holders, iPhone cases, makeup bags, address books). They make great gifts! The store is convenient to the North side parking garage too; park and head down the stairs and you're right at the outlet. It's the one across the way from the madhouse known as Coach.
1	Yesterday I stepped by this store, didn't enjoy it because of 2 reasons:1. when I went to the register to check the price of one of the items I wanted to buy there was a girl behind the register (I think manager) doing something, when I approached the register she looked at me briefly and put her head back down staring at the register without saying a word, something like "I'll be with you in a second" would be nice.... I was staying there for a minute or so and then she called another girl to finally help me. The fact that I needed to wait didn't bother me the problem was that she was basically ignoring me ....2. when the girl came to help me & checked the price of my item, as I asked her, she proceeded to charge me $10 over the price that she told be a second ago! I've pointed out the problem but instead of apology she looked like she wanted to argue with me about the price she JUST told me... she fixed the price, but I didn't hear any apology....
3	This store is located in the outlet center side where Gap, Coach, Dooney and Bourke, Cole Haan, & Michael Kors are located (near the green parking lot). I like this brand of handbags, because most of the designs are pretty light (I try not to carry super big or heavy bags or my back and shoulders will pay dearly with pain and discomfort) but most of the times I've visited, was not very impressed with the outlet pricing as they were still pretty high (seems to be the yelp reviewer consensus). Every so often, in the window, will have a sign citing an additional percentage off marked prices- the highest I usually see is 40% off. Ever since the remodeling of the store, the design of the store's interior was a lot better as well as more streamlined- more shelving against the walls, which means more product available to see and touch. Even though, I usually do not purchase here, I thought the sales people were nice and pleasant- and on occasion would tell me about the latest promotions upon entering the store.Checkout counter is more towards the back of the store. Now carries Kate Spade jewelry, too.
4	"Quick and curious and playful and strong." It was just like that Kate Spade tag line, how I went though this store. I "quickly" looked at all the sale signs, "curiously" looked at each and every section, "playfully" moved my way through the store and "strongly" resisted the urge to buy everything hehe!I've always been a fan of Kate Spade. In fact, I love this brand as much as I love Hello Kitty. Gasp! This may come as a surprise for some who know my HK fanatic-ism but it is true. Kate Spade is fun, colorful, chic and stylish. My "Eat Cake for Breakfast" purse is one of my favorites and one that fits me very well. With all that being said, I was one happy girl visiting this store. It was actually my first and my must stop when I went to the Premium Outlets in Vegas.True to the Kate Spade name, this store was colorful, lively and cute. They had several latest style purses as well as clothes, tech accessories and jewelry. They had mostly 30% to 40% off deals. I managed to get one of the last two of a cute Stevie bag from this season (the other was bought by a guy who saw the bag I got and he decided he wanted to get one for his girlfriend- lucky girl! Same guy followed me to the Michael Kors store right across from Kate Spade- ahh seriously lucky girlfriend. Haha- my Michael Kors review is next.).I was super happy with my purse purchase but I did want to shop even more and found that the jewelry section had great deals as well. The people who worked here were friendly and helpful. They held the items I wanted up front as I continued to look for more cute stuff. They also were nice in making suggestions and chatting with me about the various styles. At the end of my visit to Kate Spade, I left as one happy camper with very cute Kate Spade goodies.
4	Went here when they were having a 40% off sale, and they had a good selection of colors, sizes, and styles of purses. Service was friendly, and I picked up a cute cross-body purse at a fraction of the original price.
1	I took two of my friends visited from abroad here and I was shocked by the attitude of the manager and staff. My friends had VIP coupon book which gives you various discounts at many shops in the outlet and both of my friends showed it at checkout before they pay. We later noticed the discount was not applied for both of them and went back to the store. The lady at cashier called a manager to do price adjustments and while the manager did price adjustments, she blamed on us saying we did not show the coupons and treated us in a very, very rude way. Also the lady did checkout first and did not apply the coupon was right next to the manager but she completely ignored what was happening next to her. I never return to this place. I don't know how those coupons works for the store but I could not help thinking they do that on purpose to foreigners do not speak English (like my friends) or something not to give discounts.
5	I never knew there was a Kate Spade outlet. OMG! So so so excited to check out this store and it didn't disappoint. This is mainly an accessory store. You don't find any clothes here. I spend a good 10 minutes just starting at the wall of bags. Which one?! Can't decide!! Huge discounts here. I got a few new bags. So happy! The sales people were friendly and helpful. I would totally move to Vegas just for this store. Haha, I don't think hubs would be too happy about that though.
4	Oh Kate Spade, and at cheap(er) prices. If you are a Kate Spade fan, you really can't wrong here. You can generally get Kate Spade purses, wallets, sunglasses, clothes, etc. at half the price. And that is most definitely something to be a fan about. I now refuse to purchase anything Kate Spade at full price. There's really no point with this outlet being so accessible. Staff are usually friendly and helpful. It can get crowded on big sale days. But there have been plenty of days when I've been the only one in the store.
4	COLORS!! So many COLORS!!!I freaking love Kate Spade!! Her designs and colors are different from everyone else, but not over the top ridiculous. I love the shapes and sizes of all the purses because there is one for every occasion you may be looking for. Not only do they sell handbags, there are also wallets, clothing, jewelry, phone cases and lots more accessories. I have absolutely no attention span in this store whatsoever. They always offer great promos. My last visit they were running 50% off clearance with an additional 30% off. All their regular priced items usually run 30% off. It took so much will power not to spend any money. The employees are always there if you need them and they carry calculators if you aren't sure how much your discount will be. Only downside, it can be a bit crowded inside and the tourists can be vicious! So once you find something you absolutely love, make sure you hold on to it before someone else grabs it!
4	OMG got a chance to shop here today.!! Thanks to yelp friend.. Mz.tracy drove us here..!! There were 3 different staff came to help me.. Figuring out the discount prices for each of my item.. So so happy I bought 2... The lite green wallet n black short handle purse.. Great great deal.. Cuz we don't have this outlet anywhere.. Need to save more money n fly over to this store soon..!!!
4	12.10.13.Kate Spade + Tory Burch as neighbors? Yes, please.This store also seems to have lines to get in...but also very worth it! Not as crowded as TB, but KS has a specific style that is iconically preppy and super cute. Great %-tages off so if you've been looking to add a KS to your bag collection, stop by here!They had pretty much everything (e.g., bags, jewelry, some clothing, etc.), but there were no shoes! :( Boo! My sister and I were able to score an awesome crossbody for our mom though at an amazing price! :)The employees here were also very friendly!Yelp 365 Challenge: #343/365
5	Super cute line!  Everything was 50% off today.  Love the colors and the quality is great.  So excited to use my new bag and wallet!
4	Its a good outlet store.  Well priced and great for gifts.  Its always busy inside but they seem very friendly.  Of course you can't get everything here, but I've seen some items that were in season. The prices are very good for an outlet, but its not super super cheap.  I picked up a few necklaces and bracelets for around $20-30... not bad since they're normally around $45-65.  So I'd say you save over 50%.  Kate spade has done a great job in revamping their collection.
1	The manager of this store SUCKS! She's not professional, she doesn't know how to manage the store well. Earlier my mom found a bag that she really liked, and there was only one left. There were 2 girls who want it too, but my mom was already holding it when they saw it. So when my mom was about to pay for it, she realized that she should just pay it with cash. So we asked them to put it on hold because we are going to the atm. Then when we left, the FREAKING MANAGER gave the bag to those 2 girls.Here's a tip, don't put your items on hold. Because the AWFUL MANAGER of this store will just give it away to anyone anyway. And when she just gives it away she doesn't give discounts or anything she just say "oops I'm sorry". If she does that again, someone should push those bags off the shelves and say "oops I'm sorry". THE MANAGER OF THIS STORE SHOULD BE FIRED, IF YOU LOOK AT THE REVIEWS THE ONLY THING THAT'S BRINGING THE STORE'S RATINGS DOWN IS HER AND HER MANAGEMENT.
4	Kate Spade always gets me! How can you not want to buy a purse when everything is 60% off? This time I got a white one with linen like fabric also. I also got two pairs of earrings for my friends and a sweater with a rhinestone like collar. They get me because there is always such a big selection and the sale is so good. I LOVE purses. And the quality of their zippers on their purses is very good.
4	Duh! What isn't great about this place.... beautiful designer clothes, purses, shoes, and accessories at a reduced price!You just have to stop in!
5	Very nice store.  The staff is great. The selection is great. The prices are crazy high. I would have loved a pair of shoes, but they are $300 pluses dollars for most & 49% off. Ouch. That is a but much for shoes!
5	Newly renovated, brand spankin' new, super clean, huge selection, and awesome, helpful, friendly employees!Most of the bags are made specifically for the Kate Spade Outlet, but by the back left corner near the registers, there's a limited selection of bags that are from the actual Kate Spade store (just ask the employees for assistance)!
2	My sister and I are AAA members and we always get a coupon book when we go there.  Kate Spade Factory Store always almost has 40% off and then additional 20% off, and before they always let us use the 10% off coupon for the entire purchase as it states on the coupon. Recently, with the same discount 40% and then 20% off, but they wouldn't let us use the 10% off coupon.  The two ladies said that the additional 20% off is like a store coupon so we couldn't use the 10% off coupon. My family and I go there very often especially when we need to shop for gifts and that additional 20% off is almost always there when we shop.  In fact, my friends from LA just bought a bag and many accessaries there a few months ago with the same deal going on and they let my friends use the coupon.  they are being inconsistent now especially after they moved to the new spot.
1	To start off, the customer service here is horrible! I had to wait in line for at least an hour and by the time I was to the register some manager with black short hair "Melanie "? sold my items that were on hold to another person!!!  I was soo  upset.. Then she said " there was nothing she could do those were the last items". I can't believe how disorganized this store is... Especially with the store manager messing things up! This is going to be my first and last time ever shopping at kate spade! !
5	I love this store. It has a good selection of bags, wallets, clothes, sunglasses and accessories. I got a black and cream striped satchel and a matching wristlet for 150 bucks. Awesome score. What a deal. Just wait for the sales and even more savings on top of outlet prices.
4	Oh so many beautiful items, how do I choose? This store is filled with purses, wallets, jewelry, clothes, and accessories.  I spent half in hour walking around trying to decide what purse to get for myself, and what gifts I wanted for family members.  Most items were 50% off and many were extra 20% off on top of that.  There were colourful, bright and blingy, and classic styles to pick from and it wasn't too busy that ladies were fighting over purses like I have seen in other stores.The line up to pay wasn't too long and the service I got was good.  I tried to use a Canadian gift card but it didn't work.  The cab ride to/from the outlets was worth it to shop at this store.  I bought Christmas gifts for most of my female family members and my credit card was happy with the prices.
5	Went here on Black Friday and all purses were 50% off + an additional 20% off.I'm surprised the line was only 10 deep outside and we got inside in less than 5 minutes.I left with an empty wallet, but with 8 purses which will make the perfect Christmas presents.
