3	Wow.... having a Victoria's Secret inside the Palazzo made me feel like there was at least one store that I could regularly afford. With all the labels and brands, I almost expected to see a La Perla in here instead!The store was having a sale on unmentionables.. Always worth a look around!
3	This store is located in the Palazzo. It is one of the few affordable shops. This Victoria's Secret store is not my favorite. The staff was not helpful or friendly. They also did not have my sizes in stock. For its size, there was quite a lot of Pink products to look at. I would shop here, but is not my first choice VS.  ^_^*~
5	Fresh off the plane and ready to shop til I drop at Las Vegas. Found VS here at the Palazzo and they were having their semi-annual sale, so I had to stop by.I had some great service and got fitted. They spent a lot of time with me and I tried on at least 6-7 different fits before I found the perfect size and fit. When I finally got out of the dressing room to start shopping, 3 of the girls on the floor actually helped me search through the semi-annual sale stuff for the sizes and styles I had just tried on.Awesome customer service, would definitely come here again.
3	Vicky C's has great stuff, but this is a Tranny review. Personally I can't wear their panties like even at all, as excellent and unique as they are. There have only been a few pieces I've gotten to hold back the beast, and trust me, i've tried a bunch! The slogans are kinda dumb but I suppose that's part of their appeal for many people? This location is great and discrete, and the staff is helpful so for anyone post op, or genetic I would highly recommend it if you're in the Palazzo and in need of intimates.Tranny rating is 1-Star, Cissexaul rating is 5-Stars
4	A Victoria's Secret is a Victoria's Secret. Enough said, the only thing that stands out about this though, is how empty it is, and I love that especially during the semi-annual sale!!!! Back in Chicago people can't even breathe in ANY of the stores during ANY sale! Yuck! I do consider the fact that it's in a hotel but the hotel IS pretty packed all of the time soooo..... yea haha.The staff here is super friendly and helpful. Greatly appreciated! Thank you ladies :]
5	It's Victoria Secret and it seems like "more of the same" since it's such a big brand, but this one is definitely set apart from the others. I'm not a diehard VS girl, but sometimes I look to see if I can find a piece or two. I was in desperate need of new bras so figured a semi annual sale would be a good way to grab a ton. Firstly, it is the neatest of the stores. Even during semi annual sales it never looks like a bomb went off on here. Since it's tucked away in Palazzo shops, it isn't crazy busy like the one say in Miracle Mile or Forum Shops. If you hate shopping in a mess- go here. The customer service is fantastic. Stephanie went above and beyond to help me. She got me fitted and to a "Bra Specialist" in the back who gave me a bra box of each style they carry to try on (cant remember her name,but started with a M I believe). This is definitely a must if you don't know your size or which styles work best for you. I never thought to get something slightly padded on the bottom of the cup, but they recommended it and I realized how much more support that is for bigger breasts. I've always been on the notion that any padding is for people trying to look like they have more boobs than shape the boobs in place that you already had. Way more comfortable now and I probably wouldn't have found the perfect fit if I didn't do the fitting. I think it's worth doing if you aren't comfy in your bras.Then I went back to the front and Stephanie helped me find bras in all the prints that was in the semi annual sale bins and even helped me find all the matching panties and went to look through the back for a particular pattern. They spent so much time on me and this is highly unusual for a VS, and more of what I've come to expect at higher end lingerie stores. Awesome customer service. I would go out of the way to the strip to shop at this particular location.
5	Writing this one for my GF. She was totally blown away with the service here. She referred to it as a "well oiled machine". Walked in.  Was greeted and asked a few questions. Taken to the fitting rooms.  One girl measured her, an then test-fit the bras she was interested in.  Then they called in a stylist that dealt with colors in the styles she wanted.  10 minutes and had everything she was looking for.Don't get that kind of service in Canada.
4	Everytime i walk in the mall and pass by this store i cant help but go inside lol well first of all the whole store is pink and full of sexy things to wear or clothes u can just lounge around. Their workout clothes are very cute and the materials are very stretchy. I spend a lot of money in this place. I usually splurge a lot more when they have their semi annual sale cause most of the stuff are half off. Its the perfect time to stock up on some lotions and body sprays. Not really a fan of their makeup line but the bras and undies are made in good quality. Only down side is the people that work there, as soon as i walk in they greet you but no every time i go to each section of the store there is always one person asking if i wanted help every freaking 2 minutes like leave me alone im trying to shop in peace if i needed you i would freaking tell you grrr
5	Most Victoria's Secret stores are well kept and have helpful associates. What separates this location from the norm, however, is their expanded selection of lingerie. They carry beautiful (and incredibly sexy) babydolls and garters that I've not seen at other stores. Possibly, the demand for sexier and sexier club outfits have lead some to wear these items during their nights out in Vegas. Either way, I was pleased with their sultry selection.
5	What's not to love about Victoria's Secret?! Sales people are always around the store to help you out and VS in general just has great items!
5	I bought a lot of new stuff and the ladies came in adjusted my straps and gave me their opinion in what they liked best on me. Very attentive service ;)
3	Located at the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Palazzo, this Victoria's Secret store is really a hit or miss. Most of the time they won't have something in stock or they won't have something in my size. =( Kind of a bummer if you have your heart set on something. This usually happens with their PINK section. Whenever I shop at the Victoria's Secret lingerie side...mostly for bras...they'll have sizes available.There's hardly anyone shopping here at The Palazzo so it's surprising how they're always running out of items. So if you find something you like here, buy it immediately because chances are the next time you're here, the item you had  your eye on would be sold out.
