4	When I was younger, my aunt and uncle and cousins lived in Kenosha, WI.  We would drive up a few times a year to visit them, and after 2 hours of peering out the car windows along 94, my brother and cousins and I would be dying to get out of the car at any of the attractions along the way--Six Flags, the outlet malls, or any of the many cheese shops that announced your arrival to Wisconsin.  When I went skiing with friends at Cascade Mountain last winter, years of unfulfilled longing swept over me and I demanded that we stop at one.  The one we selected was the Mousehouse Cheesehaus, chosen mostly for it's cute sign and awesome name.  Being a lover of all things dairy walking in, I beelined for the cheese counter, demanding samples of anything and everything.  Oh my!  Anything from a basic, kid friendly American to a 15 year aged Cheddar, to their own special haus cheese.  I probably walked out with a good 2 lbs of various cheeses (and am still wondering how those seemed to add 10 lbs to my figure, but that's another story).  In addition, there were the usual Wisconsin knick knacks, including many types of beers, wines, and other kitsch-y stuff like ashtrays and bottle openers.  The woman working at the counter didn't seem too charmed by my friends and I, but I'm sure I would tire of travelers demanding cheese nibbles after a while, myself.
5	My boyfriend and I made a trip to Wisconsin Dells for my birthday and stopped here on the way back to Chicago to get some cheese. All of the employees here were extremely helpful and friendly. Cheese was decent priced and delicious. I'd recommend it.
5	Great little shop off of the interstate. I was looking for a place to go that wasn't fast food and wasn't the same old-same old. I was surprised how much I liked this place. Made to order deli-sandwiches, cheese, fudge, a New Glarus beverage and Southern Comfort? Yes, Southern Comfort. True one stop shopping. I will make this a regular stop between Elgin and Minnesota!
4	Stop here! Buy a block of the dill Havarti and try a bunch of samples. I am sure there will be others that you love :)
4	Great place to get a sweet treat or custom made sandwich. Lots of cool gifts.
5	Sample the many varieties of cheese and take some Butter Swiss home, you will love the flavor!! :)
2	Was very disappointed at my recent experience at the mousehouse!!! I have been there before and they had always been so nice not the case this time the lady talked down to us about the difference of white and yellow cheddar and just seemed over all bothered by our presence.  So needless to say we didn't ask for a single sample.  Next time we will not going back.
2	I'm disappointed by my last stop to the Mousehouse.  I thought I would go outside the box and try the cheese whips (think the string cheese they put in Bloody Mary's), 2 year old sharp cheddar, and the Port Wine Cheese Spread.  Total cost:  $20The cheddar tasted sweet (I know, weird, right?) and the cheese whips had an off taste and were just nasty, certainly not worth the calories.  The Port Wine Cheese spread was okay but nothing special.  I could have bought something that tasted the same at the grocery.  Disappointed.  My parents love the Mousehouse and always stop on their way to Milwaukee and always get me the cheese curds.  I will be sticking to those from now on as they are tasty and fresh.
4	What an adorable little cheese shop! Stopped off to break up the endless drive home and for a bathroom break. Little did I know I would come out armed with cheese.We got a nice lesson on cheese. I was worried that it wouldn't be refrigerated for a few hours and they assured me it would be fine, and it is. I'm always such a freak when it comes to keeping food cool, but trusted the cheese experts.A very nice lady let us try some of the cheese curds and told us how the cheese becomes a block which is something neither of us knew about. Ended up getting the garlic and dill cheese curds which were amazingly fresh and tasty. They are so good when they squeak.I stepped over to look at another case. A very helpful young gentleman helped me decide and gave me samples and offered to give me samples. Very nice trying before buying. He knew his cheese.Ended up with:-Horseradish & Chive Havarti- Swiss and Rye-Garlic Cheeseand some garlic pickles. That Scope mouthwash that breaks through the onion better work! I told the guy the best cheese we have found was at Costco. He looked like he was appalled and right fully so in the cheese state. However, Costco does get some good cheese in from NY.Very nice and helpful staff and some really excellent cheese! They have a little deli counter for sandwiches, some good looking candy and other knick knacks.Worth a stop!
5	We always seem to miss these cheese shops passing through the Dells. We stopped here coming back from Des Plaines in Oct., and it's right off the exit. As you enter there is a display of fudge, but they only want to cut it for you on the way out. Next are all the gadgets and gifts. I got some cool reading glasses, a ghost cheese spreader, body shampoo, a WI shot glass, cheese slicer. We were hosting the upcoming fountain pen meeting and bought a great variety of meats and cheeses. One large beef summer sausage I brought to my thanksgiving hostess. Picked up a cranberry jelly, various crackers. I got to sample all the cheese spreads, and settled on the sharp cheddar. I loved the beef and cheese snack pack because they came in small bites. We left with a few sundries, and of course the fudge. Be prepared to drop at least $100. And this was us restraining ourselves.
4	We've always enjoyed the Mousehouse.  We don't visit as much since we don't drive that way anymore, but that's okay as their prices are a little higher than any of the cheese coops you can visit off the interstate.
5	Free samples of cheese, cheese spreads, and fudge! As good as it gets! I love this place. We bought about $15 worth of cheese after being pampered and trying about 10 different types of cheese, 5 types of cheese spreads, and 2 types of fudge. The store has tons of Wisconsin favorites, which I suppose is in part of attracting tourists to think that they are purchasing purely "Wisconsin" delicacies!
4	Drives into WI are not new to me, family trips during my childhood are some of my fondest memories. But my parents were never ones to make leisurely stops so whenever the chance comes up to stop somewhere cute or kitschy, I HAVE to stop.  And who doesn't love the cute little mouse sitting on a pyramid of cheese?  My husband and I stopped here on the way to MN a few years ago and I am always bugging him to stop here whenever we drive this way.The MouseHouse offers some great WI items--cheese, beer, wine and cute gifts. I think the prices are reasonable as this most recent time I bought 2 blocks of Buffalo Cheddar, 2 bags of cheese curds, a small tub of bacon cheddar spread and 6 pack bottles of Spotted Cow for only $20plus.Service is super friendly. They offered us some samples of cheese and offered to place some of my items on the counter for me so I could be hands free to shop some more. The place looks a little rundown, but as long as they keep offering quality products with a smile, we'll keep stopping to shop.*For the stroller set* Just an FYI, at the time of this review, keep your diaper bag in the car, there is no changing table available in the bathroom.
5	Cheese, cheese and more cheese! Oh and wine, fudge and kitschy souvenirs, too. The anticipation of stopping here on the way back to Chicago from Hanock, WI made the three hour ride home more bearable. The staff was super friendly and willing to let you sample almost anything. I tried some cheese spreads, fudge and fancy cheeses such as Mango Habanero. I regret not picking up more cheese!
3	Stopped in at the Mousehouse to check out the selection of cheese and candies.  I probably would have been much more impressed if this were my first cheese store but since I was just recently at Mars Cheese Castle, this was no comparison.  I found a couple of cheese spreads that were tasty but unfortunately like another reviewer posted, nothing really different that I can find in the grocery store.  They have a nice selection of cheese to choose from and it was fun to stop in and check it out but I would prefer to go to another.
5	SO happy we stopped here. Wisconsin cheese, wine & beer...perfect for dinner!!! We tried about 10 cheeses and fudge. ..they were all so good.The dark chocolate caramel salted fudge was delicious. Glad we stopped here and so will you. :)
5	Right off the freeway, next to a gas station. We couldn't visit Wisconsin without a trip We had low expectations since it looked cheesy (yes I said it) from the outside and we expected this place to be a regular liquor store. But it is truly a wonderful world of cheese, fudge,  great wine end beer selections. they have a table where you can sample any of their many cheese spreads. Here are some of the flavors: taco, smoked, port wine, bacon, pumpkin, cranberry, garlic, etc. So many choices, so little money unfortunately. Then there was the selection of blocks of every kind of cheese. The staff was very knowledgable and helpful. You can sample pretty much everything besides the alcohol, of course. I love this place and would come back someday, if I want to make the 9 hr drive again. But I got a brochure so I can order online too.
5	I like that this place has a big selection of craft beers. They have a mix and match section which is $9.99 for a 6 pack. That is pretty standard pricing. The guy was very knowledgeable and gave me recommendations as to what I would like. They have a huge cheeses, wine, fudge and specialty food items. You could sample whichever cheese you wanted, many of them unique. We know Wisconsin is full of cheese and boy did this place deliver. At check-out they had fudge pops which were also pretty tempting.
4	So...we stopped here on our way home from vacation. Because we definitely didn't buy enough cheese in the Dells...lmao.There's lots of tasty cheese to choose from here. We bought a few bricks, but the one that stands out to me is the pizza cheese. It was super good! Try it out. It's a cute little shop, a good selection with some unique choices!THe staff is really friendly too. They were happy to help us, and gave us some samples.
5	I love cheese! This place is like, I imagine, many others throughout Wisconsin. But since I went to this one and liked it, 5 stars.We stopped here on a road trip and was happy to see it open before 10. Walking in we saw more than just a cheese house. They had specialty gifts, wine, beer and fudge amongst a haven of cheese. The people who worked here were incredibly helpful and friendly. They were happy to give advice about what beer we would like and happily cut samples of cheese. Although we only left with a 6 pack of Wisconsin only beer for $9.99, I was tempted to buy much much more. It is possible we will stop on our way back!
4	More than cheese, but cheese...If you love cheese, you'll like this place.  Heck, even if you don't, there's still plenty of other stuff to look at (beef jerkey, beer/wine, fudge, etc.).  But really, it's abou the cheese.I love me some fresh cheese curds, and I have yet to be let down here.  If you're weary, just ask someone if they're fresh.  They know, and they'll tell you.  The aged cheddar is pretty great if you're in the mood for that.  I will always grab a bag of mozzarella whips - the kids and I will take care of those before they hit the fridge.My dad is a big fan of this place as well.  He'll get an order of brick or some other stinky cheese before heading south and they'll give it a couple extra dips in wax to help it travel better.
5	If you're on a road trip and looking to get famous cheese from Wisconsin, Mousehouse Cheesehaus is the place for you. We spotted the big mouse and sign from the highway and promptly pulled off.They had the Friendliest staff, with workers eager to give samples of fudge and cheese. You could've sampled all day for all they minded. We bought fudge- the deal was buy one pound, get half a pound for free. How could we pass that up? That's SIX types of fudge. Delicious. The shop is great as well. Tried on the cheese hats (a must) and bought a cheese wedge beer holder. Have fun.
4	Easy stop off the highway for cheese of all kinds, jerky, beer, gifts and souvenirs. Cheese Curds are a must, and are available in a variety of flavors. We chose Cajun, but there are also the classics: plain yellow or white, or a mix of the two. We also purchased a "beer cheese." The staff is super friendly and more than willing to let you try any samples you'd like. There were some great cheese spreads we tried, too. I especially liked the Port Wine...reminded me of grandma's house, and the Horseradish.We each had a sandwich and enjoyed them! I opted for hard salami with the house Mousehouse Jack. It was nice and toasty, melty, and delicious. D got a Reuben. The House Sauce was particularly stand-out. Oh, and of course the fudge was too tempting to pass up. Thank goodness we don't live in Wisconsin. We'd be as big as houses...and not Mousehouses either.
4	How to spot a cheese addict:1- You've spent over $70 on cheese here multiple times without flinching. 2- You have 9 Tupperware containers of cubed cheese in your freezer.3- Your fiance kicked your veggies out of the vegetable drawer and made it the dedicated cheese drawer because it's the biggest.4- Your fiance named his childhood dog after cheese when he was a youngin' ("Colby").Check, check, check, and check.  I love cheese as much at the next guy, but M is seriously addicted to the stuff. It blows my mind how much cheese he eats!  So obviously Mousehouse is his Disney World, and on our way back from Hayward, we of course had to stop here to stock up.  And by stocking up, I mean that we filled a cooler with a variety of cheeses you can't find in your local store. And I will admit that this wasn't the first time we filled a cooler with cheese.The inside is a decent size, but it fills up fast so it doesn't take long for claustrophobia to kick in. They let you sample any cheese you'd like before purchasing, which is freakin' awesome! The employees are friendly and helpful, which is always appreciated when you're getting elbowed and stepped on by other cheese addicts scrambling to get their fix with a sample slice. A little bit of cheer can (sort of) help you forget about your toes getting smashed.They also carry quite a selection of craft beers, and of course fudge, knick knacks, and other Wisconsin-y items. So if you forgot to grab a souvenir elsewhere, you can pick up some postcards, shot glasses, and the like. If you're hungry for more than cheese samples, they do make sandwiches or offer pre-made ones.So, we ended up buying ten different kinds of cheese, and with the fancy schmancy check-in offer, I saved 10%.  Chicken soup is one of our favorites; it tastes exactly like the soup.  The Ghost Pepper cheese was fabulously spicy as anticipated. I didn't really care for the Taco Cheese, Raspberry Chipotle Cheddar or Pizza cheese; the flavors weren't what I expected. Tomato & Basil Cheddar, Buffalo Wing, Salami Colby, Cheddar with Bleu Cheese, Green and Black Olive, Horseradish and Chive, and Beer Cheddar were our favorites this time around. The curds are delicious but you can find them anywhere in Wisconsin. The Whips were interesting; it was our first time trying them but we didn't purchase any.We once drove here just for cheese. Seriously. We weren't on our way up north or had other plans. We literally drove from Naperville to Windsor just to get cheese for M. His mother commented on our freezer, stating that we could build a "cheese-gloo" out of all the bricks of cheese. I laughed at the thought, and without missing a beat, M said "No, that wouldn't work. I would eat myself out of house and home."  And I wouldn't doubt that for a second.
4	We just stopped here. We received excellent service and the bathrooms were clean. The cheese curds are yummy. We also bought some fudge and some honey sticks. It is conveniently located and very cute. I only wish that they cold have fried up some curds for me. Great little shop!
5	Great little shop next to the highway. Super friendly staff offering up tons of samples. The cheese all seemed to be local/their brand. Beer prices were quite fair as well. I'll be stopping here again!
