4	So fresh fruit Boba is the only way to go, and I can now accept nothing less, so seeing a fresh fruit location open on my side of town is fantastic, and OMG delivers. I have tried both the Taro smoothie and Taro/Coconut blend, and both were delicious. This location also uses Real Taro in their smoothie, which is the first place  I have come by that does this. It is starchy, but tasty. The texture of the Boba is also not to chewy, and not at all to firm. There is not much for decor yet, but OMG has only been open for just over 2 weeks, and they are already making tasty boba so no complaints. Located on lake mead and rampart, the location is small and easy to miss, so keep an eye out!
5	Great to have a boba place right down the street, I no longer have to wait until my china town trips to enjoy some dank taro! Ive tried this place twice and have been fully satisfied
4	Itty Bitty OMG Boba Tea Review - Open 4 months in my neck of the woods at Lake Mead and Rampart.-  61 flavors listed on the menu board. Small is 16 ounces, medium is 24 ounces, large is 32 ounces.- Good thing the owner helped with suggestions or I would have taken forever to choose - Went with avocado black sesame boba--OMG, very tasty!- Get a stamp card, buy 10 drinks, get 1 free.- Open 9:00am - 9:00pm everday- I think I'll be filling up my stamp card quickly!
5	Very nice people. It's a family owned shop, a bit small but new and clean. They have a really nice selection of flavors. The largest size they have is a 32 oz. too big for my taste so I got the medium almond boba tea. Pretty solid. Not too sweet, boba nice and chewy. Would recommend.
5	Got a hot Almond milk tea. Absolutely delicious. Very friendly owners and clean environment. Highly recommended to give them a shot :)
2	The fresh fruit smoothies are to die for. I had the strawberry mango smoothie with mango popping pearls and I was on Cloud 9. It was unbelievably fresh and the pearls just melted in your mouth. Now, you might be wondering why I gave this place such a low rating since I'm praising their drinks. Well, the answer is simple: horrible customer service.When I walked in, the guy who was supposed to be on register was outside, smoking. The woman who was making the drinks was in the back, nowhere to be found. I was standing at the counter for a good 5-10 minutes before either of them realized I was there. Secondly, you can't understand a word they were saying. Thirdly, they didn't have any boba. I came in at about 7:45 pm and they closed at 9 pm, so I guess it's understandable. They also charge an extra 30 cents if you use card, so bring cash. But the one that threw me off the most was that, after I ordered, the guy who was smoking outside proceeded to make my drink, coughing and clearing his throat of phlegm as he was doing it. Nasty as hell.Overall, they have great drinks that I would gladly come in again to get, but it definitely will not be my go-to boba spot.
3	From the time I wrote my previous review till now, I was contacted by Kevin L. I believe he is the business owner but nevertheless, he apologized to me for the experience that I had at this establishment and I really appreciated that. Because of that, I have decided to give this place one more star. I'll be back soon to check on the place and hopefully add more stars to the top.
5	I love this place, some of the best boba I've had. There's so many flavors (pineapple, watermelon, teas, slushes, smoothies, etc) that I've yet to have every flavor. I've never been disappointed with one yet :) The boba is good too. Some places have smaller boba, or they have an odd flavor. But I love the boba and popping pearls here. The prices are what make it five stars though. 3.50 for small, 3.90ish for medium, and 4.50 for large. And it's really a lot for your money. They have a points card too!
5	Plenty of flavors, i think 63.Family owned business Clean businessService is always great, they are pleasant and try to encourage you to come back.
4	Hey guys,     If you're in the area and in the mood for some good boba with great service, then give OMG a shot.  From the first time I've been here to the last time, great service is what I got.  On top of that, they have some of the tastiest and warmest boba around.  I'm happy that OMG opened up in my gf's hood because it eliminates those days of having to drive to Chinatown to get my boba fix.  OMG hasn't been around long and they will soon have snow slush.  In the meantime, you can smoothies and slush with a plethora of flavors. My drink of choice...just an iced coffee or a hot coffee with boba.  This has also been the only thing that I ever get here.  If it ain't broke, why fix it? Right?  Obviously, I'm a fan of boba and a fan of OMG.  See you here. PS:  The owners are great.  Next time you're here, say hello to Kevin.  He's the little secret behind OMG's success.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (044/366)
5	This mom and pop is the best thing ever. I live around the corner and come here every day after the gym. The fruit is always fresh and they're  very flexible with anything you want. Prices are good and the drinks are always refreshing
3	The lady who completed her order before the person in front me decided she wanted popping pearls in her drink.  This woman was determined to get her popping pearls. The owner's wife let her cut in front of me to change her order and order more. Once she got around to taking my order, the owners wife couldnt crack a smile and was quick to take my larger bill before I could give her my change.  She rolled her eyes as if my business wasn't important. Boba drinks here are good, however, service is not good enough for me to come back.
4	OMG....Boba Tea...right near me!  No more long treks to Chinatown LV just to get some damn tea!  Literally this place is less than 10 minutes away from my home!  Nice!I'm not originally a fan of boba, had it many times but it just doesn't appeal to me.  Overly sweet, chalky flavored 'tea', with stupid tapioca balls that do nothing for you except add calories and spike your blood sugar!  It's like a fitness trainer's worse nightmare!  To keep my classic physique (whut..round is a shape) I try to stay away from the stuff.  Plus, for all the artificial you get, sometimes boba can cost as much as a trip to Starbucks!But I'll give props to OMG Boba Tea...this little shop gets it right!  Simple, easy to read menu, lots of flavor combinations and drinks (over 50 of them), good, fresh fruits and ingredients, good service, and wow...boba made correctly!  I'm pretty simple when it comes to a boba tea drink, I go for either a coffee, a taro, or a Thai tea boba.  But most times I go without the boba...it irritates me to no end sometimes getting those damn things up the straw!  But I will make an exception at OMG.  Their boba is actually of good quality.  Their sized right, their not too hard and not too soggy, and they actually have taste!  They actually use good quality tea and juice products as well.  No powders or extra sugar that I can see, just lots of fruits and veggies, and a ton of chopping and blending!  Just goes to show you can have a little itty-bitty shop with no frills and as long as you do it right and do it well, people will come.  Freshness is king!Pricing is akin to what you would find for boba tea anywhere in Chinatown, within the $4 - $5 range depending on the size of your drink plus any extras.  But with OMG, you get so much better quality!  In the words of mega-star Fergie of Fergalicious fame, it's "Tasty, tasty!"  I would much rather have a boba drink at OMG than anywhere else in LV currently.  With the vast choices of fresh drinks, and the friendly customer service (does their son remind you of Russell from the movie 'UP'?  LOL, didn't know they had a Wilderness Explorer badge for BOBA), my family and I will be back time and time again to try something different!Oh yeah, they have a customer card for all...buy 10 boba, get 1 free!  Go fresh, and go often!
5	Pros:  opens up earlier than most boba places - 10:30am on Sunday is great in my book.  They use fresh fruit in their smoothies.  We have their coconut mango, strawberry and banana smoothies, all freshly made with real fruit.  Their boba was cooked perfectly.  Nice, friendly service, and family owned.  They also give out a stamp card for a free boba drink when you fill up the card. Cons:  NoneWe're looking forward to coming back soon.
4	I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could.  Being from the OC, I have access to some of the best boba on the west coast.  OMG Boba Tea definitely contends.  First of all it looks like a typical, simple boba place.  The first thing I noticed was a table in the front covered in fresh fruit.  I ordered a large mango slush with boba and my brother ordered a large mocha slush.  The mango slush is so thick and refreshing, you can taste the fresh mangos.  Most boba places use powder and artificial sweetener.  I can definitely appreciate that the drink never separated.  The boba isn't the best, but the mango slush made up for that.  My brother's mocha slush was alright.  I want to try their popping boba next time.The prices are great as well.  A large is $4.80, something you hardly see in SoCal.  I can't even finish it!  The location is great as my family lives in Summerlin and we don't have to drive out to Chinatown.I am a huge fan and will be returning shortly in the hot summer!
5	What a wonderful fresh fruit Boba place next to BigLots on Lake Mead and Rampart!After being introduced to Boba by some friends last year, I have been addicted ever since! When I saw this Boba place open up so close to me so, I had to try it! I've been there twice since they've opened and I have to say, I am very impressed. Up until I visited OMG Boba, I had no idea that the other Boba places I had been to weren't using fresh fruit!! Because they use fresh fruit, the taste and texture is SO much better! Head on over before Summer ends, and don't forget to grab a punch card!
3	First time coming here today and it's a great place if you want something to satisfy your boba craving without having to drive to Chinatown. I got the boba milk tea with jelly which tasted very similar to volcano tea so I was happy with it, my bf got the taro smoothie which he said wasn't good at all. So I guess it really just depends on what you get and I had to dock off points because there isn't much of a selection as other stores and the atmosphere. Inside of the store is small, plain, and very boring. Kinda makes you feel like ordering and getting out, not a place to hang or relax. Wish they also sold snacks.
4	They have a huge selection of drinks. I like it because its a 5 min drive away compared to everything else that is at least 10-15 mins away. Its right next to the big lots on lake mead.
3	OMG... I wouldn't go that far, but not bad nonetheless. There are a lot of positives to this place, but the negatives are somewhat annoying, and it holds back the potential of this place.The biggest concern for me is the cleanliness. Walking in the door.. There are some places that feel bright and clean, you can just feel it. This place when I walked in, feels grimy. Large milk tea w/ boba - I think that it's priced ok, slightly under 5 bucks. The boba is ok too, it was slightly softer than I would have liked. The tea tasted ok as well. All in all it was an ok.It's a hard one to call whether I would come back to this one. I would like to check out all nearby boba places to see how they stack up against OMG. If I couldn't find anything better I would stop by here again. But I wouldn't go out of my way.
1	We had out of town guests and wanted to take them for Snow Slush (they had never heard of it). We live close and saw their sign on thdie window for the Snow Slush. Walked in and saw the sign on the window for Snow Slush. The lady at the cash register did not look up or say hi, but I asked her what flavors the Snow Slush came in, without even looking up, she abruptly said "We no have that!!" I asked again, thinking that she misunderstood me "We want the Snow Slush that you have there on the wall." Again without acknowledging us she said louder "We have not got that!!" We told her "thank you" and our entire party left. We went to China Town where they treat you like welcome guests and HAVE what they say they have. AVERAGE STORE, POORLY DECORATED, HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE... can't tell you about the food because we did not (and will not ever) have anything here. Don't waste your time, go somewhere they appreciate you and have what they advertise. If you do still want to go there, do so quickly because I cannot imaging they will still be there in a year!!!
3	Visited this boba location in Summerlin location.  Female at the register was cold and "abrasive."  I advised her that I wanted a hot boba, and she tried to discourage me from getting it because of the hot weather.  I advised her that the weather didn't bother me.  Two more times she tried to discourage me (without offering alternatives).I ordered a hot almond milk boba, which took about three minutes for staff to make.  I did enjoy the drink, however, but as another poster advised, the place does not feel clean.  There are a lot of options for drinks.  I had to ask for a frequent buyer card, but this place is one that I can take or leave in comparison to other boba drink selling places in town.
5	Love this place!  They use fresh fruit n not the powder stuff. Perfect for these hot summer days!
5	I was drawn to writing a review because this is the BEST place for a super healthy fresh fruit (as in right in front of your eyes) drink, and it is 3 minutes from my house. I love the boba and I love the fact that I don't have to drive to Chinatown to get an authentic boba tea or slush. I love the Jasmine tea boba and the mango or watermelon slushes are way more refreshing and healthy than a high calorie, fake Tropical Smoothie or Slurpee . This could convert anyone who is wanting to be healthier. Leave out the boba and youv'e got a healthy refreshing treat on a hot Vegas day. I have been through 3 frequesnt buyer cards, so I am sold on this place.
3	If I was on the side of town and really wanted boba, I guess I would stop here if there was no other choice. The customer service here really needs some work. They were not friendly and never smiled, but at least she said 'thank you' one time. Overall, I just didn't feel wanted. Buying boba is supposed to be a happy experience and it totally wasn't. Drinking it made me a little happier, but I was mildly irritated that I gave hard earned money to this location and that they weren't happy to receive it.Now, on to the boba. Actually, they have pretty good boba here. I got lychee and coconut and it was delicious. They claim to make fresh fruit boba, and that may be true. It definitely did taste somewhat fresher. I wish that I could have watched them make it instead though, their entire mixing station is hidden, unlike Easy Life Boba (but they use powder).Also, they didn't allow me to mix flavors. That part kind of sucked, but their flavor combos are pretty extensive, so you shouldn't be disappointed, unless you're picky like me!
5	I have been here for smoothies many times. Staff is friendly and speedy on the blenders! They have flavored tea...coconut milk tea , pineapple green tea, taro milk tea and many more to choose from. Smoothies include banana, almond, black sesame...etc.  Slush non-dairy includes kiwi, watermelon , red bean, honey dew, on and on !  I have had the blueberry pomegranate mixed drink and it gave me my antioxidants for the month ! You can get your drinks with or with out boba. This place is a healthy choice when you really need a drink or a DQ Blizzard !!!
5	go here allmost everyday everything very fresh and tastes amazing at the people that work there are very nice
1	This place is really gross. The boba tastes too chalky and it's definitely not wort more than $5. Over priced. Save yourself the woe and just drive to Chinatown.
5	Yum. I come here often, and always get a smoothie or slush. The mango slush is better than any smoothie I've ever had. You can really taste that they use fresh fruit (for the flavors that aren't in season, I think they use frozen fruit - but at least it's not flavored syrup, right?)The area looks very clean to me, and I haven't had any issues with finding a little "extra" in my drink (like, for instance, a fly.)The prices are awesome compared to other places that sell boba tea. Here, a Large is $4.80, and I've paid $5 for a medium elsewhere.Yes, the customer service isn't always 100%. I've gotten strange looks, or have been told, "that's weird," when asking for what I want.But the taste keeps me coming back.
2	This boba place isn't the greatest. The customer service is very poor, they don't greet you when you walk through the door. The place wasn't welcoming or presentable.  The lady at the register doesn't seem interested in what you want. It's kind of an order-and-leave type of atmosphere. Drinks didn't take long to get but the Honey Milk Tea tasted like a tootsie roll.....? And the Milk Green Tea was too watery. I'm pretty sure we paid $3.50 for some water and boba lol. Although, the boba was pretty decent. This was our first time coming in though so we haven't had any other drinks. But still, we probably won't be returning here.
3	The consistency of their drinks are always on point, the prices are cheap compared to most places. They have a big variety of drinks compared to the popular boba places in china town.
5	After a long days work I love stopping by for Boba. She uses real fruit as can be seen with your eyes and the  slush is nice and thick.  The price is inexpensive and in my opinion it is better than volcano tea.
4	The milk tea was just right, not too sweet and no weird aftertaste. The boba was the right size and a little on the soft side. The place itself was as simple as it gets. No gimmicks or cool TV screens. Would definitely come back here for a boba fix if I were in the area.
5	As a self proclaimed boba addict, everytime I come into Vegas, I have to find a boba place. Believe me, there are several out here, you just have to know where to look! The lady who rang me up at this place was very quiet & nice. I guess their register wasn't working because she had to give me my total via a handheld calculator.Anyway, you HAVE to try the passion fruit mango with extra boba, sooooo good!!
5	This is my favorite place to get my boba tea. Fresh fruit instead of the powder and the boba is perfectly cooked. Soft on the outside and slightly chewy on the inside.  My favorite is the lychee boba but they are all good with lots of different flavors.  They also offer small popping pearls.
4	Fresh fruit which one can see behind the counter.   Price is affordable. Ice is nice and thick and flavors are perfect.  There is a thirty cent charge for using any card.
3	The lone boba option on this side of town (that I've found so far), it's certainly easier to pop in here than head to Chinatown. Love that they have fresh fruit available! Menu includes milk teas and slushes, made with fresh fruit when possible.Taro flavor is not one that is available fresh, obviously- not too fond of the mix they use, or rather the way it's mixed. Flavor is fine, and the texture isn't too gritty, but the bottom of my cup always seems to have a ton of boba and liquid at the bottom with the slush sitting on top of it, and weird chunks of clumped flavor where the two mix. Not a great experience- making my go-to boba drink not my preference here.Service is fine- quick and to the point. Decorative fountains and screens are a nice touch. They also have a high-end espresso maker, seems this is also a good place to get your coffee fix though I haven't yet had it here.
4	No complaints here, this place will give you great tasting and refreshing drinks, the price is what you would expect from these type of places, the large size drinks are almost too much for one person.
4	i drive all the way from the east side, just to get the boba tea.everytime i come in,i end up getting the same thing.even though there is a lot of choices.the lady that works there is very nice,and she's very fast.i don't know what is my favorite is,but i love boba.so i end up getting boba milk tea.thank  you for introducing the boba tea in US.
4	Love Boba Tea, each time I come to Vegas I get one. They have a lot of flavors to choose from, my favorites are the mango and peach. I must say each time I've gotten a different kind and can say they've all been good.
3	Good, not great. Not a ton of tea options but also have smoothies, slushes, and 'mixed drinks' most of which seem to involve fresh fruit. I got a peanut butter and banana with boba. The PB&B part was pretty good, there was a lot of boba and it was on the sub-par side...it was inconsistent with most being too hard in the middle. I'll probably be back since it's closer to my house than Spring Mtn Rd. I am not a fan of them trying to charge $0.30 to use a credit card, especially when the drinks aren't at bargain prices in the first place. I guess that's their right and all these days but it angers me.
