5	I have been purchasing my business cards, postcards thank you cards etc. from this business and they have always been professional, on time and best of all, super reasonably priced. staff here is friendly and they do a great job every time.
5	These guys are great! I needed some flyers printed for my business (already had everything in Microsoft Publisher, almost ready to go) and I just needed someone to tell me a couple of little things before print - if the border would leak, if the size was standard or I needed to resize it and how much it would cost for 1000 flyers. All those companies online were driving me crazy with "design charges" and no one could give me an exact quote for what I needed. After wasting a couple of weeks online, I got these guys' flyer in the mail. I called them up, told them what I needed, emailed them my file, two hours later got a resized copy with a couple of minor things changed to fit the size better and two days later they delivered them right to my door! They didn't nickel and dime me for anything, were very pleasant to deal with and very fast and the flyers turned out great! From now on I'll do all my printing with them and not waste my time online and I'd recommend them to anyone who needs any kind of printing done.
5	I was recommended to Andrew Bailin at Markit Media by APS/AAAME CEO Class 15 classmate Jean-Luc Le Provost. They just printed his awesome new 2-sided 4-color business cards for a smokin' deal and they looked great! I called to get pricing. I wanted recommendations to get a business card with a luxury feel and look. Andrew was super helpful with ideas (he always is) and optimistic he could deliver. He's always upbeat. I don't think he has a bad day.He suggested I come in and take a look at samples. He showed me card stocks, rounded and square corners, silk and spot UV so I could see the differences. After a short meeting, I'd ordered 2,500 stylin' cards for less than 9 cents each. My last cards cost 33 cents each. Boy, has printing changed.They have convenient parking right in front, a block from Camelback and Scottsdale Rd and they're open Til 6 pm.Thanks for the great service, MARKIT MEDIA!Here's their number: 480-245-4287I'll be back.Roseann HigginsPresidentSPIES Single Professional Introductions for the Especially Selective
5	It's scary to launch your own business. But the staff of MarkIt Media Group LLC helped me to create my vision. They are professional and do a fantastic job translating my crude sketches into my business labels, business cards, thank you notes, and even graphic designs for my Website! I have used their services since 2011 and look forward to continuing our relationship!
