5	Plan on spending some time when you visit Divertido. It's an amazing local shop that's fun just to explore. Every single item is beautiful in its own right, making Divertido feel less like a store more like a museum devoted to the "enchanting, funny & amusing". Make this your destination when you're in search of a truly special gift for a child, a friend, or yourself.
4	Divertido is one of those little boutique shops that is always full of the weird and interesting. I've purchased a few things from here and like to go in every few months just to see what new stuff is in stock.The owner is very friendly. My fondest memory of Lawrenceville is when my girlfriend and I walked around the neighborhood right before moving in. We got to talking to the owner of Divertido for about half an hour and when we left the store, we pretty much knew we made a good choice moving into the neighborhood.Now, with the likes of Wildcard moving in, Lawrenceville is starting to become a less upscale version of Walnut Street in Shadyside. Something I don't mind at all.
4	I know it's a great find when I walk out with a bag full of things I didn't know I needed!Bought some awesome Christmas gifts.  Things that touch your heart and make you go "OMG, that is sooo (insert friend's name here).  I found my niece a kids' book for drawing fashion items that makes me want to go back in time and get one for myself.  It's places like this that make people think you are an awesome gift-giver - not necessarily because you are, but because thoughtful store owners scour the world for interesting items that people you know will love.  Way better than runnin' around Target on Christmas Eve, buying all the reject items...Thanks, Divertido!
5	Don't you want to present a gift that you're proud you bought?  Proud because it's totally unique and one of a kind?  That's what you'll find here!It's a smorgasbord of gift items from cards to jewelry to soaps and games, you can really find something for everyone here.  I came in trying to find a fun item for a unique friend.  I wasn't actually sure what angle I wanted to go.  Unique random gift, or jewelry?I was won over by these awesome hand made cuff bracelets.  They had them in a bunch of different designs and colors.  So, birthday present, done!  I, of course, also fell in love with these super cool looking necklaces that are made from acai berries.  Heavy hints will be going to the hubby for this item!  Prices are pretty reasonable.  You'll find small affordable gifts and then jewelry a little pricier, but you know they're quality items.  The owner is also extremely nice and was helping me pick out a fun card, even taking some out of back stock to show me.  You just have to check out this store when you're shopping around for the holidays or for a special occasion.  Remember, shopping locally supports everyone)
5	Fun, Fun, Fun - I'm assuming that's why it's called Divertido!  Although it's a small store and they don't have a ton of stuff, what they have is very unique and cute.  I got some wooden blocks for my nephew that had nursery rhymes written on them - how cool is that?!?!  There were so many items that I felt like I hadn't seen in other places and the prices were moderate considering that these are items you can't get everywhere.  I just got a good feeling when I was in this store - it has a quirkiness that just calls to me.  I'd definitely come here again and maybe this time get something for myself!
5	I couldn't resist this shop!This is another quirky little gift shop in Lawrenceville that sucked me right in. I just love unique items that you don't find in the big department stores. Everybody has seen what the mall and Target has to offer and its nothing special. Locally owned is where it's at!! Every table display in Divertido had a wide variety of neat items to look at. I ended up buying a nostalgic mustard yellow ceramic creamer cow that I just LOVE! I think my grandma had the black and white Holstein version and that's why I couldn't walk away from it. I also bought my beer loving husband a bar of honey pilsner beer soap that smells GOOD!Loved this little gift store!
3	There were quite a few unique games in here, but I didn't really find it to my liking. Although, if I had a friend who liked games I would come directly here to buy him/her a gift.
