4	The usual Roberto's Taco Shop fare; however, this being a rather new Roberto's, it still retains it's fresh and clean looks.I always either get the three rolled tacos (Taquitos) or a Carne Asada burrito depending on how hungry I am. They definitely get it right, but in a town full of Roberto's, it's hard to get it wrong when they set the standard.Service is always prompt with someone always on the register/cleaning the salsa bar, and at least two cooks in the kitchen.
4	yum!  I've had the Carne asada tacos and the carne asada burrito.  Plenty of meat.
4	Carne Asada chimichanga...very good and tasty!!! The flavor and marinade is good. Lots of food for your$$$$. They have chicken tacos on special for $1.20 each. Quite a great deal if you ask me. The staff is very friendly and professional. Robertos is always awesome for anytime munchies.
4	(Positive) Big portions for the price and the quality is good too + I like their salsas. (Negative) They don't offer water cups nor do they have even water at the fountain. :-/ I was a little disappointed about this because I don't drink soda and I didn't want to pay so much for bottled water.
5	The cleanest/best Robertos in town
5	Best breakfast burritos in vegas well maybe anywhere I have ever been!! I love the salsa bar green salsa as well as the spicy carrotts and peppers, fresh cut cucumbers... I love this place and its right down the street from me I could walk there :)
4	Wanna be filled up on tasty and high-quality Mexican food quickly and for less than a ten spot? I have a place for you that nicely fits that bill: Roberto's Taco Shop on Commerce. The first time I ate here I was shocked that tomatoes aren't normally a standard ingredient of the tacos. But I have since learned how to order to get what I really want. And that includes tomatoes and guacamole. That first time I was charged an extra dollar for the chopped tomatoes. But last night I was only charged an extra 95 cents for the guacamole added to the two tacos in my order of a #4 Combination Plate, which consists of two Beef Tacos, with ample portions of Mexican rice and refried beans. Vivid photos of all combination plate offerings are arranged over the cash register, so hungry diners can see exactly what they will get--and salivate in anticipation--before they place their order. This restaurant is bright and clean, with 14 tables sporting black-and-white granite tops, and red wooden but comfortable chairs spread around the room and hallway leading to the restrooms in the back. The chairs are comfortable because they are slightly scooped at the bottom to better accommodate settling rear ends. While waiting for the food to arrive (all main dishes like tacos, enchiladas, burritos, and quesadillas are prepared fresh to order), guests can mosey over to a cool cart and, in addition to homemade red and green hot sauce, serve themselves complimentary sliced radishes and cucumbers, lime wedges, green onions, and marinated carrots, green peppers, and white onions to munch on along with an ordered soft drink, for which the refills are free. And, among other choices, Orange Crush is on tap. A plus for me! Nothing fancy here: once a filled paper plate has been delivered by the bright-red-uniformed cashier, one gets his or her own plastic fork and knife, and all soft drinks and refills are procured via self-service. As for the food, my combo plate looked just beautiful on arrival at my table: the slightly rippled fried taco shells smoking and glistening with colors of white and orange cheeses, red tomato pieces, green lettuce, muddy brown beans, and rice with a yellow cast offering hints of orange and green, from carrot and green pepper bits. But, alas, I forgot to bring a camera. The next time I order this meal again--which I expect will be fairly soon--I will take and post a photo to merge with this review. For my words alone hardly do justice to these colorful and delicious victuals. The tacos themselves were excellent as always: tasty shredded beef mixing well with the cheeses and vegetables, and the smooth and cool guacamole, to nicely counterbalance either hot sauce as teeth bite down on the slightly crunchy and yielding taco shell. Dining alone, I savored the food, and imagined myself once again in Mexico as mariachi music played from overhead speakers. The tacos were great, and the rice was flavorful. The only discordant notes on this evening were sighting a bit of green creeping in at the edge of two very small pieces of tomato, and tasting over-salted beans. The total price for this very satisfying dining experience = $9.13, including tax. Perhaps the best news of all is that Roberto's is open 24 hours--ever available to satisfy those late-night cravings for authentic Mexican fare.
4	Well, to make up for forgetting my camera last time to take food photos, and to have a good excuse to get another delicious taco fix for lunch, I cruised back to Roberto's and ordered the same #4 Combination Plate with tomatoes and guacamole added as I did on my previous visit. But this time things came out slightly different. Instead of the guacamole being inserted in the tacos, I was given a generous Styrofoam cupful to ladle onto the tacos myself. That was not the only change.  Again I wasn't charged for tomatoes. But, instead of small tomato pieces, this time large bright red chunks of tomato covered the cheese and crispy Iceberg lettuce.  For some unknown reason, just as before, the code "NO TOM" appeared on my receipt. The cashier said this meant to them "Add tomatoes."  Go figure! Then, after I had consumed a few bites of my first taco, I looked inside and--Surprise!--my gaze fell on white chicken meat instead of shredded beef. The sign for a Combo #4 clearly spelled out "2 beef tacos," but the dish must be liberally interpreted by the cook, because I was inexplicably tendered 1 shredded beef taco and 1 chicken taco. So, if you definitely want 2 beef tacos, it might be best to say so. Because the price of the two types of taco were the same, the white chicken was moist, and this was a nice change of pace for me, I considered the switch to be no big deal, and said nothing about it. I just enjoyed the contrasting flavors of the two meats mixed with fresh vegetables, guacamole, hot sauce, and cheese; and the slightly oily crunch of the fried corn tortillas that held everything together. Otherwise, the condiment cart was still there, overflowing with bright orange marinated carrots, dark green peppers, and two varieties of homemade hot sauce--one red and one green. And, of course the setting was the same, the rice just as flavorful as before, and the refried beans too salty once again. But there was no trace of green in these tomatoes, and the guacamole was smooth and creamy. It was another fine meal at Roberto's!
4	Coming from San Diego, where taco shops extend beyond the Roberto's chain, I found myself hopping from taco shop to taco shop after moving to Vegas, chasing the guacamole dragon.I finally found this location, which has a friendly staff, is clean and reminds me most of the taco shops back home. Everything I've had here has been good and the price is reasonable.I personally love the #11 -- 3 rolled tacos with rice and beans. On occasion, the beans can get kinda salty. Someone back there gets a little heavy handed with the cotija cheese (salty salty!), but I just throw more hot sauce on it and move on.Two negatives: Their horchata isn't very cold. That may be traditional -- maybe I'm just a gringa used to icy cold horchata, but its not even served with ice. On one hand, I dig it because you get more horchata, on the other hand... it's warm horchata.The other is that they don't offer chips and salsa.  Every single Roberto's I've been in, when i ask if we can get an order of chips and salsa with our to-go, has given me a look like, "Que?"  And then we end up with a stryofoam carton full of chips and pico de gallo.The concepts seems to elude them. Maybe it's a SoCal thing.But I drive out of my way to go to this location. Good stuff.
4	this place is always yummy! i havent had an issue yet! the service is pretty good, and the food is always amazing! they have daily specials so your never spending too much money :)
4	Very good quality, good portions and quick to serve. You really can't go wrong with this place.
5	This is one of the better Robertos in town....so glad it is here!! yeah!!
5	For about 7 bucks you can share carne asada fries because they give you a pretty nice sized portion! Plus you can't beat the 24/7 business hours for that late night, 2 in the morning munchies attack!
5	Best Robertos I've ever been to in Las Vegas. Very clean, cool retro look, nice staff who actually speaks and understands English very fluently. Other Robertos I've been too in Vegas was dirty, building looked rundown and old, and the people who worked their could barely even speak English. I am not being racist or want to be perceived as being a racist but I am just stating facts.Anyways, the food is always great and on point at this location. I visit this Robertos about 3-4 times a week to grab breakfast or dinner. The bacon, eggs, and potatoes breakfast burritos are amazing and very filling. And they're all under $5 for 1/2 lb chunk burrito. For dinner you can't go wrong with the Carne Asda fries or anchors or the rolled toquitos. Your choice of beef or chicken. Condiments such as cucumbers, limes, and sauces are always fresh and the area is always clean unlike other Robertos in this town.Some of the specials they have to offer is wet bean and cheese burrito Mondays for $3.99, Chicken burrito Tuesdays for $3.99 (Mon. & Tues. offers come with a drink and a side of beans and rice), and 99 cent taco Wednesdays.I don't have any complaints.
4	I've been to different Roberto's all over town, and this one is always on top of their   food. Friendly staff, clean building, and great food as always! This place is on top of the way the food is presented and cooked, always very filling and tastes better than the other places in my opinion.
4	Every once in awhile I'd see this place and think...looks like some of the taco shops I go to in Southern California.  But I would never try it. Coming from San Diego (15 minutes from TJ), I became a snob when it came to taco shops out here.  I had this attitude that no taco shop in Vegas can come close. After reading some of these reviews, I thought I give this place a try.  I was starving and been to plenty taco shops that can mess up a carne asada burrito and carne asada chips.  You know how it goes??  You're hungry, but at the same time in no mood to experiment.  So, I naturally played it safe and went with the rolled tacos.  I'm not going to say it was the best rolled tacos that I've ever had, but it was good enough for me to come back. I didn't give this place 3 stars or 5 stars because I didn't really try anything special.  I still need to try their-Carne Asada Fries-Carne Asada Chips-Carne Asada BurritoIf this place can deliver on any one of these, I will change my rate to a 5.  One wish regarding the rolled tacos...I wish they had the mixed white cheese with the red tips.  If you're from California, you know what I'm talking about. Overall, this places has me curious on how good it really is.  I will be back to find out.  This place reminds me a lot of the taco shops in San Diego, compares to Alberto's and Sombrero's.  One positive for sure is the service, cleanliness, and it's open 24hrs.
2	The food quality & customer service has been pretty poor at this location. I was surprised at how items such as a simple taco or a burrito missed the mark.The staff at the North Las Vegas location tend to be a tad rude at times (Especially this 30 something mexican woman, whose attitude stinks!). She rolls her eyes when I order food & seems very disinterested in the job. One of the cooks also seems easily irritated when customers have simple requests (such as not adding guacamole to the tacos, etc). I visited this place with my friend after a night out in Vegas, and altho the food hit the spot...the customer service left much to be desired. Would I recommend this place? Not really...I'd head to "Don Tortaco" off Craig & Camino Al Norte if I wanted a friendlier place with consistently better food quality. The staff there are nicer and greet you in a very natural way...especially if you are a familiar face :)2 out of 5 stars for Roberto's Taco Shop. I docked 3 stars for the poor customer service, attitude and inconsistant food quality....things that easily take away from a pleasant dining experience.
4	I love Roberto's when I am drunk. I hope all of you get to experience awesome tasting cheap mexican food at 4 am after a night of partying cause it's amazing. I recommend anything with "carne asada" in front of it!
5	FOOD:I haven't found a single thing I don't like from the menu. The only thing that's kind of a rip off was the Fish Tacos. They're pretty much a fish stick with dressing, lettuce and a taco shell. I will mention that the Chicken Chimichanga is unbelievable. Best mexican food thing I've ever had. Only problem with the food is that they put Guacamole on everything which I don't like at all. You can easily order it without.Also once the Mountain Dew wasn't actually Mountain Dew and was orange.EMPLOYEES:Don't go during the day! There is one of the nastiest cashiers I've ever met there. She doesn't where a name tag but she is a 20 something year old mexican girl. My girlfriend changed her mind last minute that she wanted a drink and the girl rolled her eyes and was completely inappropriate about the whole thing. We now only go at night and the girl at that time is as nice as could be. ESTABLISHMENT:It's never been dirty when I was there but it is a little dingy and dark. We usually get food to go though.
3	$2.99 bacon breakfast burritos on Tuesday!!Although I think I prefer the Don Tor Taco on Craig to this Roberto's location, I've never driven the extra couple miles to go to that one so I guess that says something. When it comes to Roberto's, we don't deviate from our usuals very often: carne asada nachos, breakfast burritos, or the beef chimichangas. One thing that I feel I should note; the salsas are consistent, but only to that particular location. Don't expect to get the thick salsas that are served here at a location across town. I knock off a star for the $.50 charge to use to charge card.
3	It's Roberto's . seemed slow and they made my oder to go like they didnt want any dine ins
3	On this latest occasion I had a massive Wet Bean & Cheese Burrito smothered with Cheddar Cheese and overpowering Enchilada Sauce, along with a Shredded Beef Taco with tomatoes and guacamole.  Unfortunately, little guacamole was added to the taco, and it was of the creamy sour cream variety.  An excellent pliable fried corn tortilla was utilized in the preparation of the taco.  And, the Refritos were hot and smooth inside the nice flour tortilla casing of the burrito.  As always at a Roberto's Taco Shop, hot carrots and peppers and two types of hot sauce were on hand.  Paper napkins are tightly controlled here, even though a need often exists for multiple numbers of them.  Overall, a solid taco shop, with 3-1/2 stars earned on this particular visit.
5	This review Is for the location on Centennial. I won't bore you about how "I'm from California and thus and expert about Mexican food." As Roberto's and dang near every Mexican restauranteur is either from California or Mexico.I usually pick up a burrito on Thursdays because that's my busy day at work and it's convenient to grab food from Roberto's on my way to work and it sticks with me all day even if I don't get a lunch. I'm thankful they are opened 24 hours as I can order whatever I want; breakfast or lunch.  The food tastes authentic, hot and ...fresh?? Or shall I say not as greasy as other locations.Some locations are heavy on the salt but the cooks here make their food well. The restaurant is always clean. On my last visit, the cashier came from outside after sweeping. He washed his hands upon entering the kitchen and taking my order. This stood out to me because I work in healthcare and am mindful of such behaviors.The cook came out and struck up a conversation with me in broken English. I couldn't really understand him but I appreciated the customer service enough to take the time to write this review.
5	Man oh man oh man!  This place is good!  Open 24 hours!  The food really tastes like socal San Diego.  I ordered a number 11 (3 rolled tacos with rice and beans) and it was delicious!  I tried the green and red salsa and both were bomb!  Granny ordered a machaca burrito.  She said it was better than the normal place she goes to as they use tiny little strips of meat but Robertos meat was way better.  She saved me a lil piece and it was good.  Sis got carne asada burrito and i didn't hear any complaints so it must've been good! Definitely coming here again when I'm in the area!
4	A solid 4 stars.  See my tip also posted below.Chicken chimi, enchilada style - 4 1/2 stars...full of chicken, crispy, tasty.  Oh, and be warned, it is BIG!  I had to ask for the shredded lettuce though.Beans - the refried beans were pretty good.  A bit salty though.Rice - see beans comment.I really liked the chimi.  Best I've had since I lived in Tucson.  I'll be back to try other items.
5	Great food, cheap, hangover food, can't really complain, lived their shrimp burrito, chimichanga is also amazing.
1	I will say the food was good until the service ruined it on me.The lady behind the counter was being relatively rude, and when I got my plate, it had a short blond hair among the cheese. She refused to replace it stating it was mine.I have brown hair, inexcusable.
2	The lady behind the counter is hella RUDE!!! She made a mistake on my order  and when I went to tell her about it she blamed it on me! Lol.. Smh.. She needs to get fired!! Not my fault she hates her job making minimum wage!!!
3	This is my favorite Roberto's location by far. The service here is pretty good, and the shop itself is always very clean. It's definitely not my favorite "Mexican" choice, but it works if you're looking for quick takeout and of course, 24 hour service. I love the bar where you can grab as much spicy pickled jalapeno/carrot/onion mix and cucumbers with salsa as you wish. The burritos are huge, and extra spicy if you prefer. My fav is the shrimp burrito, stuffed with large shrimp and tons of onions/peppers. The tortillas are delicious. A popular item is the carne asada fries ... worth a try.
5	Roberto's is bomb! This location is great, they are fast and the food always tastes great. Would recommend!
4	Excellent food! Had the chimi. It was delicious. I definitely recommend this as a "must try". Cheap and filling!
3	OKAY so im not a big fan of this place,but everything else is soo far from me. I will say though I do enjoy the carne asada fries hold the pico. I also love grabbing some cucumbers and radishes mix in some lime and salt and BAM awesome snack!
1	Unless you speak Spanish do not bother all the people who work at this company are rude.  I went to the Roberto's on Losee and had a really rude server when I complained I received a phone call from a person at this location who asked me to bring in my receipt and she would replace my order as they have had problems with this girl before.  I went and was told nobody new anything about this and basically I was looking for free food.  I will never go there again and I suggest you don't bother
4	This is definitely the cleanest Roberto's I've been in. The food is good of course and they're pretty quick about completing your order. I'm born and raised in San Diego so of course I don't think this Mexican food is as good as places I've eaten at in SD, but this place is still satisfying enough to keep me coming back. I would definitely recommend this Roberto's location.
1	Stay away!!!! The girl was rude as all hell. I asked for 3 tacos de res (beef) 2 tacos de pollo (chicken) a burrito carnitas 2 orders of chip and 2 guacamoles 1 carne asada burrito. Upon paying $40.00 I reviewed the order and questioned the tacos. I said excuse me I ordered tacos de res not asada. She very rudely answered you asked for beef I said yes not asada she said beef is asada I asked do you have shredded? She said yes but you asked for beef going back and forth a few times I said give me shredded period. She rolled her eyes said something to the cook he answered yeah well I have all day in Spanish. First time there and for sure the last time. What a shame. The food is not all that either maybe her attitude jacked it up for me. Mr Roberto time for a change in staff. The loosee location BITES
1	This place made me sick... Literally! I was throwing up and had diarea for 2 days.  The interior could use a good cleaning and the service came with a healthy dose of "bad attitude"!  At least the prices were cheap-but you get what you pay for.Skip this place, you'll be glad you did!
1	I occasionally been here in this location. I had bad service all the time. The servers are always in a mad mood and always rude. I really dislike the service at this location. Don't recommend this location.
