4	If you have ever wanted to do kettle bells, weight lifting, rowing, rings, and then hit a tractor tire with a sledge hammer all in the same workout, this is the place to go. The space is very industrial, very raw. Ken (the owner and personal trainer) is great and will push you further than you have ever gone before--no matter what your fitness level. I've worked out with hockey players and weight lifters (BTW, I am neither and am probably the most uncoordinated person on the planet) and have never done the same workout twice. If you're looking for something new to challenge yourself, attain a particular skill level or qualify for the police academy, look no further.
4	I went a few days ago to test the waters out.  I sometimes live in a box and had never heard of "Crossfit" before.  I've worked out in a traditional gym environment all my life and am currently seeking something to mix it up a bit.Matt (one of the co-owners) gave me a great introduction of the facility and concept behind "Crossfit".  I left feeling fully informed on what I could expect if I decided to join their program.  He was friendly and energetic.  I was on the tail end of a long day and probably could have been a bit more excited rather than so tired. I would generalize this as a "Burst-Workout" if I could pick a description.  Try to do as much as you can in the least amount of time.  Its a very unique angle to approach fitness in my opinion.  I could see a benefit in training like this to many degrees.  I would highly suggest this training for:Pre-AcademyFire FightersMilitary PrepTriathlon ConditioningI have absolutely no doubts that if you train here first you will be more than ready to pursue an aggressively fit demanding career or challenge.As for me personally it was too intense.  My days are too long to summon the energy needed for these types of workouts.  Although in a parallel universe where I'm 5 years younger and I had less to focus on I'd be there every day!
5	CrossFit Southwest is an awesome gym, Ken and Matt are really great trainers who will support you and help you in your fitness and life goals.  The whole atmosphere at the gym is upbeat and positive.  Drop in for a workout and see for yourself.
5	Been going here for years. This awesome gym has been good the entire time but has only gotten better as time has passed and the groups have gotten bigger. The people that work out here are awesome for encouragement from beginners to the most elite athletes. The trainers are top notch as well. The only thing to be prepared for coming to this gym is that it is addictive and you will never want to leave. Live life Rx'd
5	This pace has changed my life. All group workouts, amazing trainers, super cool community of regulars. It is like working out with team mates: supportive and competitive. It gets super addictive, and has been one of the greatest additions to my life.
5	I started going here about a month ago and this has been one of the best workout experiences of my life.  This is as close to one-on-one personal training as you can get.  If you are more advanced, you will be pushed more, and if you are just getting started, it will be scaled to your ability.  I also like how we always stretch as a group and do a good warm up before jumping in to the workout.  Lastly, from the trainers to the other members, everyone is great.  Come join us!
5	I love Crossfit Southwest! I was familiar with crossfit when I moved to AZ from VA. I  had certain expectations in terms of intensity, commitment and fun, and I have not been disappointed. Ken is an excellent coach. He has the rare capacity to meet people where they are and to (gently--with humor and humility) encourage them to surpass their own assumptions about what is possible. Group workouts are competitive but friendly and everyone is encouraging (even for those of us who have been around quite a bit longer than the rest!). If you are looking for the most challenging--and most rewarding--structured group workout of your life, then CFSW is the place to find it.
5	I've been Crossfitting for almost a year now and have visited quite a few boxes while traveling on business. I have to say that if you are looking for a box that embodies what Crossfit really is, you found it right here at CF Southwest. Ken is very gracious to his guests and extremely attentive to his members. I will go out of my way to make it to CF Southwest every time I am in the area. Thanks for everything!
5	Great environment and meticulously detail oriented trainer - Ken - helps you perform the complex movements properly.  All of the workouts can be scaled to accommodate any fitness level.  Don't be scared.
5	I was skeptical about Crossfit in general at first but I really think it is all about the training. I feel like each gym takes their own approach and every trainer at Crossfit southwest is amazing, they really care about form and precision, which at the end of the day reduces injury and increases strength. What more could you ask for? Did I mention the people are great?
2	Coming from a CrossFit box that was one of the first 50 in the country, I was excited to try another one on my work trip that started back when nobody knew what CrossFit was - CrossFit Southwest. Sadly, of all the CrossFit boxes I've dropped in to, CrossFit Southwest offered the biggest disappointment.Things started off well. I emailed to ask about dropping in and Ken responded quickly welcoming me to come in without a drop-in fee. The gym is located in a strip mall. Compared to other CrossFit boxes I've been to, CFSW's set up seemed pretty "old school", or "dated" might be a better term. It's an open space with uneven pieces of matting laid only in the center of the room. The pull-up cage in the center of the room is also quite old and uncoated, so it got slippery quickly. There were no squat racks bolted to the ground, there were maybe 4-5 old mobile racks.Enough about the equipment because the equipment does not make a gym, and let's face it, you can do a lot of CrossFit without any equipment. I went to the 4pm class and there were about 7 other people there. The workout was ring work as skill and then a metcon of running and pull-ups. Ken lead a semi-warm-up, which sadly for all the ring work involved later had very little shoulder warm-up. There was no progression on the skin-the-cat for those members who couldn't do them or even get upside down on the rings. Coaching for the remainder of class also felt lackluster. Two of the people in class were pretty friendly, but the girl I ended up working with was really unfriendly and didn't even acknowledge me when we were introduced. I'm not saying everyone has to be best friends, but come on, at least show an out-of-towner some hospitality! I was in Tempe for 3 days and after my first drop-in at CFSW, I was really bummed that I had two more days there to get my CrossFit in. Fortunately after some research that night, I found another box that's about the same distance and ended up going there for my next two workouts in Tempe. Needless to say, I don't think I would recommend CFSW to any of my friends.
5	I've been to my share of cf gyms in many states. This is a good one. The coach is on top of things. He know what he is doing. I have never seen a coach that is so hands on. The entire hour is closely supervised. He took the time to carefully explain the exercises. I did things here I have never some before even though I have been crossfiting for over a year. He was with us from the beginning of class to the end. Even leading some mobility work. The gym is a legit box. No frills. It has the feel of an old school boxing type gym. There are some great athletes here too. There is a ton of space. I tried southwest and haboob in the same week and I am going with southwest. Haboob is nice too... Just can't match up with the experience of southwest.
