2	MY RANT:  So annoyed that they do not accept credit cards online or over the phone.  What kind of a stupid policy is that.  Especially ONLINE .. this is 2010 people!!!  They are probably losing a ton of money by not getting with the program.  When I visit them in person:PIzza is ok, service borderline - Lets just hope these guys are working out the kinks, but just so everyone knows this is mostly a delivery stop.  I didn't know that it was, but they do have tables inside where you can eat, but I got the impression that they didn't like that???  Again, its good to get more selection out in Queen Creek (even if it is pizza) but lets hope the service picks up for those people who happen to dine in.  Lets also hope the food gets better.  It wasn't horrible, but it was not the best pizza I have had in the QC area!!!
1	Pros:Ordered delivery, got here fastCons:Wings were clearly freezer burnt.Garlic "Flavoured" crust had no flavourall the toppings (with the exception of pepperoni and cheese) were in a 2 inch circle in the middle of the 2 pies we gotCrust was very hard for being a pan crustAfter all was said and done (2 pies and an order of wings), it was kinda expensive for the quality.This place has taken the top spot on my pizza to avoid list, dethroning domino's.
1	Steer clear of this establishment, the food is gross (pizza doesn't taste fresh and is very chewy) the cleanliness is very suspect and the delivery service is a joke. The last time I ordered delivery from this place I waited for two hours called to cancel my order and I was told my pizza would be free. Another thirty minutes had gone by and the driver calls my house and says he doesn't know where I live. I told him I don't care if it's free to forget it, and I filed a complaint with the corporate office. I got an email reply with an apology and was told I would be getting some free pizza coupons in the mail, they never came. Every single time I have tried to eat here there has been a problem with the food, service, or I can't even get the food! This place is the top of my list for the worst place to eat in the Queen Creek area.
4	Have no complaints.  Pizza and wings were both hot and tasty.  Ordered the asian flavored wings and they had a great tangy taste that both me and the wife enjoyed.  For fast and affordable, with a tasty buttery crust pizza, we recommend Howie's!
3	If i had to pick a cheap pizza that had favor and was decent tasting the next day it would be this pizza. The favored crust makes this pizza different than most and makes it my choice for bargin pizza. I also like munching down on the pizza subs, the bread on those are just as good as the crust. I have made it my choice for eating pizza out on a budget, I suggest you try it on a little ceasar night and you will make the switch like I have.
3	I'm updating my review for this place because management has tried very hard to rectify all the problems I've experienced here. I received some gift certificates for free pizza and my food came hot, fresh and most importantly, fast. So far I'm pleased that things seem to have turned around but I"ll be keeping my eye on this place. I really hope these changes for the better are permanent!
2	This place would have some potential but there is some severe organization issues. When I arrived for pickup there were several angry people in the lobby.
2	Their pizza is slightly better than the stuff you get in the freezer section at Walmart. Wouldnt go back without a coupon. Did like the flavored crust, kinda neat that you can choose. Not worth the price, order dominos.
4	If you give this place anything less than a four star for a cheap pizza place, you really need to do some thinking here. It is a five dollar pizza. You can get this, or Little Caesars, you choose. Some people need an adjustment to their standards for what they are getting.
5	I love this place. They have never let us down. Great pizza, Decent prices, Nice service.
4	Flavored crust is different and really good. The pizza alone is pretty plain.
1	Waited for our pizza for 2 hours. We called when they were over and hour late and asked where they were and were told they would be to our house in 10min, 30 minutes later we called and said we haven't received our pizza and was told the driver didn't even leave yet. We were told they would credit the money back to us and they would just void the order. Pretty upset that we would not receive the pizza either, 10 minutes later the driver knocks on the door at this time his phone rings and he was told they credited us our money back so just to bring the pizza back. So upset at this point the drivers leaves with the pizza lol I called the store back and said what the hell your here why not just give us the piZza since we waited so long and he's actually here and your just going to throw it away the lady responds ok you can have pizza on us and she would call the driver back to bring it to us??? Long story the manager Krystal was absolutely useless and I will never eat at hungry howies again
1	Just moved to the area and decided to try Hungry Howies last night. I would NOT recommend to anyone. We ordered the two 1 topping pizzas, bread and 2 liter deal for 20.99 for carry out to save on delivery charge as we live less than two minutes away. The email confirmation said our order would be ready in 20 minutes, over an hour later my husband is finally home with our pizzas. The overwhelming aroma of garlic from the garlic crust took over our kitchen. Now, don't get me wrong...all of us love garlic, including the kids....BUT the sheer amount of garlic on and in the pizzas was enough to leave our mouths raw! It was disgusting...our always begging garbage disposals (aka dogs) sniffed, picked up and dropped, not touching it again. That right there speaks volumes. The sausage tasted freezer burnt, cheese was rubbery and crust was hard and chewy. We decided that it was pointless to call and complain bc we weren't going to use any comped food anyway.Overall...not happy with the product or service and will not be ordering from them again.
3	We always order pizza from here , always the same thing , veggie pizza, pepperoni pizza ,like I said we order here a lot , if by chance they make a mistake , not always , I call they are so nice about it , just want to give a big shout out. Tonight forgot green peppers called they fixed the problem ..
1	This is where there should be an option for a negative star review. I purchased some pizza for my family they got the order wrong and LATE BY AN HOUR, They sort of apologize for it and then gave me credit for free pizza next order. Few weeks later I went to use that free pizza offer and was given the third degree by the management, supposedly, they questioned me over and over to put me on hold for a while came back stating that they couldn't find any information on this in the time I sure and then they gave me what sounded like some sarcasm I let them know that I didn't need this BS and I'd be going elsewhere and it wasn't about the money. I've never felt like a low life trying to get something for free as I did when I contacted this establishment. I didn't even like the pizza before I ordered it, but the people in my group were raving about their crust and other specialties so I figured I'd give him another chance... Boy do they know how to blow off a second chance customer. Since then, it's been a few months, our pizzas have been ordered from other establishments regardless of what the people in the group want. To hell with our needs no more bad customer service for us no matter what the cost they may have the best pizza ever now but it's not worth being made to feel like they're doing us a favor.
