2	My sister was in town and needed to mail and fax some things due to her husband being a marine on tour...Faxing took all of 5 minutes at most, but the ladies behind the counter were not knowledgable enough about their own job. It took them 45 minutes to figure out how to mail something.Very busy location. I'm sticking to Postnet.
5	I've had a mail box here since 2003. Great package acceptance service, safe and convenient for me. The staff is always friendly and the rates are reasonable.  Open Saturdays too!
5	Nice folks. Friendly and courteous with a smile!  Other UPS locations--not so much. So its nice when you can get that ya know?!
2	They get the job done, but just barely.When I walked in, there was some confusion at the register over what change was given, who needed what, what the money was for. I think all the chaos was caused by a single chocolate bar..After all of that was sorted out, I was greeted (sort of) by a young man. All I needed to get done was attach my pre-paid shipping label which I had already printed to my box that was being shipped via UPS and have it taped up. Apparently for taping a box they charge $1, which is fine. But I will say, that at other UPS locations, and any other shipping service I've used, I've never been charged for tape.While he's taping up the box, a lady who I can only assume was the manager starts inquiring about the whole chocolate confusion. I'm more or less ignored, which again.. I don't really mind since I'm just dropping off a box essentially.. and everyone just seems perplexed by the dollar from the chocolate bar.Nobody was rude, but it certainly wasn't as friendly as some of the other shipping businesses nearby. If they can't handle a chocolate bar purchase, it makes me nervous to leave valuable packages with them.
5	This UPS store has gotten to be such a pleasure. We have seen a big difference over time ... These days the staff is friendly, helpful & goes out of their way to make your experience a good one!  They are extremely accommodating & we are always happy with their service!Plus there is always a cute selection of greeting cards;~DMy Husband just heard I wrote a review for this UPS store & he reminded me that they actually went above & beyond & actually dropped off a package that we needed, when we were too busy to run down & pick up the package.  Wendy & Courtney... You Rock!
4	Friendly service, clean place, always helpfull. I always use them to send packages and never had a problem.
