5	Best Wings in Pittsburgh - Weds and Sats they run specials.
3	Simple little family run place with tables and TV with sports on.  Wings are specialty but have wraps, sandwiches and salads.   There must be 9 or 10, maybe more, types of wings with cajun, bbg, honey bbq, Hey Mon jamaican, and more.  Was with a friend who likes the wraps and jamaican wings.  Tried the hot bbq wings...they were good.  Also had some fries, that look to be fresh cut on the premises.   They do delivery to the area.
3	The food here is very good.  I've had the wings, subs, salads and all have been a 5 rating.  Taste wise, I really like this place.The problem I had with this place is that they don't have a very accommodating menu and are not very accomodating themselves.  For instance, I like to order wings and would love to have fries with it.  But an order of fries there is for a group of 2 or more and like $4.  I asked them if I could just have a single order of fries and they said no.  Another example is they have a wing day ($.40 wings, eat in only).  I called to order wings because sometimes it can take a while to get your food, expecially if there is a line.  Even though I am a regular there, they wouldn't take my order ahead of time.  Refused. So, their food gets a 5, their ownership gets a 1, overall they get a 3.
2	The wings are good and there are plenty of sauces to choose from. And they come out crispy! Wednesday is wing day so you'll get a pretty good discount. The food comes out pretty quickly and the prices are reasonable.  The place itself, isn't anything fancy or nice. Just a seat and a table. Don't expect any atmosphere, which is no big deal.What I don't like about Wiggies is the lack of ventilation. YOU WILL SMELL LIKE WINGS! If that doesn't bother you, you'll be fine. But unfortunately, I only go there if I know I don't have to be anywhere important. I avoid this place for lunch because I simply don't like smelling like a grease pit in my work clothes. I'd rather go after work or on my day off.
3	Two Things you WONT say about WIggys:-- I wish they had more flavor options- I wish the wings were biggerThey do a great job on both, its a "Hole in the Wall" type place and I have been several times when I have been in the "Burgh" on business. The Portions are huge and I am always stuffed. The Prices are very reasonable as well.BUT - if you are going to take the wings to go, make sure you have somewhere to dispose of everything afterwards, otherwise your place will reek of the smell.Also they are not too flexible on the menu, I wanted a couple of flavors - and I wasn't ordering a small portion and was told I could only have one flavor, but it is their place, so play by their rules or there is other options.If you want to support a local family owned business you can't go wrong.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I go on wing night (which is Wednesday and Saturday) and can not get enough of these wings.   I would definitely recommend this place if you LOVE wings.............
1	Terrible terrible customer service. I work at a place that orders from Wiggies all the time. Today I tried to place an order for delivery and the woman working at Wiggies sounded very miserable on the phone. But I just ignored her rudeness and replaced it with my cheer and went on ordering. At the end of my order, she said they don't take credit cards when ordering? Sounded strange since most places do and I questioned it "Really? Most delivery places do." She said "Well we aren't most places." I didn't have time to argue b/c I was really hungry so I hung up. The woman had the nerve to call back the office where I work and tell our receptionist she didn't want me to ever order from them again! We were all shocked! Who does that? Turns out she wasn't even the owner - just a rude staff member hurting their business. There was a nice man there when I called back to get the owners name - but he was very busy. He gave me the owners name and said to call at 10:00am tomorrow. I can't wait until the owner hears about this! I watch shows like STAKEOUT on the Food channel and if any professional restaurateur heard about the hideous way she treated a customer, they would fire her immediately. Owners of restaurants really have to be wary of the people they have answering their phones b/c those rude people can do so much damage to a business like in this one instance. There's too much competition out there to have rude and badly-trained staff alienating customers.
4	WINGS!! That's a good way to start this review. I should also add that I'll have to update because I've never eaten in. We went to a friends house who stopped at Wiggy's for wings before picking us up. He ordered the Teriyaki which come complete with sesame seeds. My friend is a great chef and i asked if he added the seeds (he does that sometimes). He giggled & said no that's how they come! The wings were huge by the way! I only needed a few but of course never wanted to stop eating them. Love their teriyaki sauce!
4	Lots flavor choices. Good wings. Last time I went the decor wasn't great. Small single TV so not great place for sports.
3	Big ass buffalo wangz, right to my suite!
5	My friend has been raving about this place for awhile and I finally got to stop in while I was in Pittsburgh. First let's start off that they have 31 flavors of wings!!Nothing fancy but a great wing place. Very clean and neat. Very busy.... Seems like a lot of take out since they don't serve beer and only have a small TV. We tried 5 flavors today. My favorite was the Buffalo Garlic Parm..... Delicious!!!Also had; Mild & Hot Buffalo, Teriyaki, and Supersonic (my son's favorite. I would also recommend Cajun French Fries..... Good stuff.Save room for funnel cake French Fries with chocolate dipping sauce..... Amazing!!!Overall a must stop if you  are in the Pittsburgh area.
5	First off, Wiggy's should have a higher rating, there are several reviews here that are praising of them and the food but only give three stars???? I have been to Wigg'y on several occasions and have NEVER been disappointed. Their wings are arguably the BEST in Pittsburgh, and you can beat the price.  Large size, lots of meat on the wing, Great seasonings, and Value you get so much food for a great price!
5	Best wings in the West End for sure.  Id actually be hard pressed to name a better wing in the entire city.  Their Siracha wings are amazing, along with every other flavor we have tried.  The place itself is pretty plain (though clean) and the person who answers the phone can be a little gruff from time to time.  But none of it really matters as the wings are the star here.
4	Best wings in Pittsburgh!!! This place has a HUGE variety of sauces . Everything taste great and the people that work there are friendly.  The only negative thing about the place is the smell sticks with you as its a small joint.
3	I was so excited to try this place.  We ordered take out last night.  I had the lemon pepper chicken wings and the Mr. had mild buffalo then we ordered the ranch and cheese fries and an order of the funnel fries.  The portions are huge!  One side of fries could easily be split four ways. They put way too much seasoning on the fries and my lemon pepper wings. To the point they weren't even edible.  So disappointed!  They also forgot our cheese for the fries.  The mild wings and blue cheese were right on point though!  The funnel fries with Hershey's chocolate for dipping were delicious as well! I will definitely try them out again because I love wings and they deliver!
3	For my first visit to Wiggy's, I ordered their Mild BBQ Jumbo wings and some Cajun fries.When I walked in, the restaurant was packed and gave a local diner feel. Menu was straight forward, the place was clean, and the cashier was extremely friendly. When I received my order, it smelled extremely delicious. It filled my car with the greatest aroma imaginable. When I looked at the food however, I was disappointed that it didn't look as good as it smelled. First off, the order of Cajun fries, that was around 4$, filled an entire carryout container. The fries were soggy and it seems like they tried to mask it by pouring so much Cajun seasoning on it you could barely see them. The fries were just ok, nothing special, wouldn't drive more than 10 minutes to pick them up. The jumbo wings were indeed jumbo. Covering these bobybuilding chicken appendages was the mild BBQ sauce, which i can only describe as a watery poor excuse for a sauce. The wings were just your ordinary run-of-the-mill grocery store frozen wings covered in a lackluster dressing. The saving grace for Wiggy's is the friendly staff and how much food you get for cheap. This place would be great for watching a football game and wanting to stuff yourself but for any person craving some finger-licking good wings, I'm afraid this restaurant is not for you.
