5	This is actually my favorite of this type of nail salon! I have had the most consistent nail quality here, am always satisfied with the outcome, and never have to wait! It's just an added plus that I live a mile away, but even with all the nearby competition my loyalty is here!
5	I've lived down the street from here for years... I can't believe this is my fist time here! I get manis and pedis all over chandler and lately they have been pretty mediocre... On my way to the grocery store I decided I wanted me nails done. I walked in, picked my color and almost immediately sat in a massage chair. Great start! The chairs (fromWhat i could tell) worked properly and the water was hot, but not too hot. My massage, sugar scrub and paraffin treatment was perfect and I didn't feel rushed. I may have to start being loyal a nail salon! Thanks guys!
2	This salon has since changed its name to Rio Nail Spa. i have been to the salon a few times and can attest to the following:--rarely a wait for any service--pedicures are good, the new water tubs are nice and the chairs are functional--friendly staff...not the boss thoughhowever....--my shellac started to peel after a week. I went in to see what could be done because i did pay a good price for the service. Note that I do not nor did I not peel my nails. They started to peel on their own and I noticed this when I was in the shower and it was getting caught in my hair. When I showed him my nails (four peeled off) he immediately assumed I wanted a refund or correction. He yelled at me in front of the other customers and said 'people like me are bad for businesses.' I was so shocked I really didn't know what to say. It was not only unprofessional on his part, bit it had to make the other patrons uncomfortable as well. I tried to explain the peeling was not due to me, but he wasn't allowing me to explain. After a few more seconds of abuse, I left very disheveled.I hope such an experience is not replicated in the future. I am still in shock as I write this review. No doubt there are other salons in Gilbert with kinder managers and willingness to correct mistakes.
2	I'm new to the area and wanted to check out some other nail salons after getting a hang nail from my last place that hurt. I walked in, no appointment for a mani/pedi and eyebrow wax. I felt their prices were a little high.  The manager, Lilly provided my mani/pedi/ eye brow wax and it was OK. The water was really cold when I put my feet in the bath and the paraffin wax was SUPER hot. Like almost burning my feet hot. The hand/leg/foot massage was pretty nice. I would probably look elsewhere.
4	Just recently checked out this salon, its not bad.  Here are the pros- Great massage chairs (dont you hate those ones that sad and old?)- Decent prices with a variety of services- Staff was friendly and detailed (the lady who did my eyebrows was really great)- No wait Cons:- Water was cold and some of the staff didnt speak english  Overall, good experience.  I would probably go back.
