5	I had issues with my '03 S2000 miss firing on two different cylinders. Went through everything I could think of on my own and still came up short. The issue was intermittent and drove me crazy because I couldn't figure out why it kept missing even after replacing plugs and swapping coil packs. A friend of mine referred me to this shop because they are experts with Hondas and Acuras. I spoke with Ben over the phone and set an appointment to come in. I never had customers service as great as these guys from any automotive shop in my life. Very fast at diagnosing and fixing the problem as well as being very friendly and having great amenities to enjoy while you wait. Definitely recommend to everyone especially if you've had bad experiences with shops before!
5	I have an 08 BMW 335i. I was looking at a place to install my Lowering springs and was referred to this shop by a friend. The pricing was the best I was quoted by any shop. Ben was very honest and upfront. The install was perfect. I will be bringing my car back for any work needed in the future.
5	Took my husbands car in for a oil change and alignment and the customer service was great.  Ben went above and beyond on the service and no pressure for additional work.  A few little things that we could do in the future but he didn't try and pressure us to get it done right then and there.  Thanks Enjoy Racing I will recommend you to anyone and for sure be back in the future.  I appreciate your honesty and integrity that goes a long way in my book and for most people I know. Support your local small businesses and take your car to this guy!!!!!!!
5	I brought my Z4 in for an oil change and spark plug replacement. The staff was very knowledgable and communicative through the whole process. I was also able to see the shop and and waiting area and was one of the cleanest shops I've seen. Decently priced and fast and friendly service. I will go again for any maintenance needs.
5	I was referred here by several of my friends. I needed someone I could trust working on my car, and these guys definitely proved themselves worthy! I came in for upgraded brake lines and a brake fluid flush and they knocked it out of the park. I will definitely be coming back for more service needs in the future. Thanks guys!
5	Took my '08 Civic to Enjoy for some power steering fluid change and a drive belt replacement for a FRACTION of the cost Right Honda quoted me for. Let's just say that Right Honda was already taking $400 for the 60k service from me, and wanted another $400 for power steering fluid and a drive belt change.It's been a couple of weeks since the visit and the car is running tip-top. Thanks Ben!!! :D
5	I came back to Ben for some more brake service (upgraded rotors and new pads this time). I did some work in their comfortable lobby while I waited and before I knew it he was done. Hard to argue the prices, they are the best in town for sure. Thanks again guys, you rock! These guys deal Amsoil (some of the best oil you can get), so in about 2000 miles I will be back for an oil change!
